kickass by Jane Goldman and Matthew Vaughn second draft marv film 80a portobello Road London w11 3dl +44 20 7976 2313 ext . new york skyline . day . 1 a wide shot in which you could be forgiven for fail to spot a tiny , brightly - clothed figure on one of the rooftop . over this , we hear the voice of we hero : dave lizewski . dave ( v.o. ) I always wonder why nobody do it before I . I mean , all that comic book . movie . tv show ... you have think that one eccentric loner would have make himself a costume . we track in towards the figure : a young man in a superhero costume . perilously near the edge , strike a iconic pose . with cool resolve , he slip a pair of goggle into position . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) be everyday life really so exciting , be school and office so thrill , that I be the only one who ever fantasize about this ? he spread he arm to reveal awesome mechanical wing . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) C ’mon . be honest with yourself . calmly , he dive off the roof . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) at some point in we life , we all want to be a superhero . a smile on he face . a beautiful open vista of concrete and glass window reflect the low sun . he 's in flight . oh wait ... no he 's not . the smile fade . this be not fly . just good old - fashioned fall . young man fuuuuuck ! below , pedestrian become aware of he impending approach . point and scream . camera phone . running to safety . he land on a parked car . it crumple like paper . the car alarm strike up over the crowd noise . we need not look closer to be sure that he 's dead . but what the hell . we track in . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that 's not I , by the way . that 's some armenian guy with a history of mental health problem . on the news , he sister say he read about I in the New York Post . ext . jersey CITY high school . day . 2 a huge , antiquated building . student mill around outside . a car pull up and out climb highschool senior david lizewski . not quite napoleon dynamite , but not quite Zac efron either . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that 's I . back before any of this stuff happen . back when you have have to be a lot crazier than that guy to try and be like I . he wave to he father , mr lizewski , who be drive ... dave ( cont 'd ) later , dad . ... and set off towards the school entrance . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) not say there be anything wrong with I . just that you have have have a hard time find a hook . ( a beat ) I mean , I be not into sport ... he stroll past a brace of soccer - team girl kick a ball . int . high school entrance - continuous . 3 Dave join the back of a line of kid , all wait to pass one by one through a metal detector archway . dave ( v.o. ) I be not a mathlete ... we move down the line to see three nice kide ahead of he . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) or a hard - core gamer ... two boy . they t-shirt say '' afk '' , and '' the cake be a lie '' . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not have a pierce , or a eat disorder , or three thousand friend on myspace . four skinny , pierce emo stand at the front of the line . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be not funny . a chubby white guy , who we will come to know as marty , dance through the archway do the '' soulja Boy '' dance . int . high school classroom . day . 4 the bell ring . Dave and the class scramble into they seat . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) like most people my age , I just exist . Dave 's teacher mrs zane , 40 , come in . a slightly chubby borderline milf . she take off she jacket and hang it up . int . dave 's bedroom . night . 5 Dave lie on he bed watch tv . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) kick in my bedroom door and you would probably find I watch tv . or talk to my friend Todd on skype . Dave sit at he PC . on the screen : a you tube page and , ina minimize window , the face of Dave 's best friend todd . todd ( on the screen ) you watch family guy ? dave no . todd ( on the screen ) I neither . the sound dip and we return to Dave 's v.o . dave ( v.o. ) or jerk off . mostly to my biology teacher . int . high school classroom . day . 6 in a replay of what we just see , Mrs Zane take off she jacket . then she stare right at we and take off she blouse . she reach back to unhook she bra just as we cut to : int . dave 's bedroom . night . 7 from we vantage point under Dave 's desk , we can see he pant around he ankle . a wad of soiled tissue be drop into the wastepaper basket by he foot . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) though , to be honest , it do not take much to set I off . 10 masturbation montage . 8 Dave 's computer screen . a homework document head '' the maasai tribe '' , and a shot of some bare - breast tribeswoman . he type : '' ...traditional ceremonial bead - work '' . then - sentence abandon - the cursor click to minimise the document and bring the tribeswoman to the foreground . another handful of tissue go in the basket . Dave 's play world of warcraft . his female night elf be on screen . the cursor fliesto and for , remove all she clothes . finger move urgently on the keyboard , Dave type '' / dance '' . the nearly - naked digital elf perform a sexy dance . another tissue drop into the basket . a copy of tv guide be toss to the floor . follow by another tissue . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I tell you , when my hormone balance out , share in kleenex be gonna take a dive , man . int . high school classroom . day . 9 where we leave off , Mrs Zane take she seat and lean forward to put down she purse . she catch Dave look at she tit . mrs . zane Dave lizewski . you might want to be look at you textbook about now ? dave yes , Mrs. Zane . sorry . she flash a playful mock -stern frown , then a amused smile , before look away . Truth be , she 's flatter . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) sure , a lot of what get I through the average school day be make deposit in the wack - off warehouse for later . but do not get I wrong . I like girl my own age , too . int . high school corridor . day . 10 Dave walk the crowded corridor , eye fix on a strikingly cute girl who be fumble in she locker : katie deauxma . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) especially Katie deauxma . 11 Katie look up and break into a broad smile . katie hey gorgeous ! dave hey ! Katie clap she hand over she mouth , and , hearing a bark of laughter from behind he , Dave wheel round to see the person Katie be actually address : she best friend erika cho . katie oh my god . dave no , you mean - erika . I know . I know that . you be ... I be just kid . I know you do not ... katie dave oh god . ... mean I . katie that be ... dave it 's cool . ok then . see ya ... later he hurry away . behind he , erika and Katie clutch each other in helpless laughter as Katie die of embarrassment . dave ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I be just a regular guy . int . daver kitchen . day . 11 Dave sit at the table with he dad , and he mom , 42 . she 's eat cereal . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) no radioactive spider . no refugee status from a doom alien world . Dave morosely pour himself a bowl of corn puff . dave ( cont 'd ) know what ? Todd say they do still make Count chocula . they just do not sell it at the a&p any more . suddenly , Dave 's mom slump forward onto the table . her bowl of cereal crash to the floor , the spill corn puff bounce iconically towards we like the pearl from martha Wayne 's break necklace . 12 13 dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my mother be kill by a aneurism in the kitchen , as oppose to a gunman in a alley . so if you be hope for any ... Close on the cereal box as it morph into ... ext . grave -yard . night . 12 ...a gravestone . behind it , the New York skyline just visible through a fierce storm . Dave : drip wet , fist aloft , raging at the heaven through the thunder and lightning . dave I will avenge you , mother ! dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) +-.- you be outta luck . the tombstone morph back into ... int . daver kitchen . day . 13 -+-a box of count chocula cereal . just Dave and he dad at the breakfast table now . dave ( v.o. ) in fact , in the eighteen month since my mother die , the only epiphany I have be realize that , like it or not , life just go on . Dave study the cereal box . mr . lizewski they never have so many mallow piece when I be a kid . dave oh. mr . lizewski hey , I have something for you . he hand Dave three movie ticket . Dave light up . dave spiderman 8 ! Thursday ?! the sneak preview ?! dad , you officially rock ! do not you get a shift Thursday night ? mr . lizewski they be for you and the guy . 14 int . comic book store . day . 14 a fanboy 's dream . two storey of comic book , toy and colleclecle , with a coffee-shop concession . Dave be here with Todd and marty , chat and drink frappucino . dave how come nobody 's ever try to be a superhero ? marty gee , I dunno . oh wait , yeah I do . cos it 's fuck impossible , dickwad . dave what , put on a mask and help people ? how be that impossible ? todd that 's not a superhero , though . how be that super ? Super be like , be stronger than everybody and fly and shit . that 's just hero . marty it 's not even hero , it 's fuckin’ psycho . dave hello ? what about Bruce Wayne ? he do not have any power . todd yeah , but he have all expensive shit that do not exist . I think you mean , like how come no one do it in real life . dave yeah , I guess I do mean that . marty C ’mon . anyone who do it for real would just get they ass kick . they would be dead in like , a day . dave I be not say they should do it . I just can not figure out why no one do . seriously , out of all the million of people who love superhero , you have think at least one would give it a try . ( more ) dave ( cont 'd ) all that mid-life crisis guy in the guitar store , they be never gonna be rockstar , but it do not stop ‘em buy guitar . marty todd m ( shrugging ) yeah , I guess . leh . dave ( cont 'd ) Jesus , do not it bug you ? why do thousand of people wanna be Paris Hilton , and nobody want to be spiderman ? marty yeah , what 's with that ? she have , like , no tit . none at all . todd maybe it 's the porn tape . he do not have a porn tape . marty you never see one night in spiderman ? they all crack up . but suddenly , Todd be distract . todd Holy shit , check out the wheel . he nod over to the storefront window . a huge black stretch s-class mercede have pull up outside . dave look like Mr. D ’amico trade in the hummer . todd Nah . he probably keep it . and have , like , both ? a teenage boy climb out - CHRIS D 's amico , 17 and self - conscious . he shuffles in follow by a large body guard . Chris begin to browse a rack of comic , sneaking a look over at Dave and he friend before look hurriedly away . dave be it just I , or do you feel kinda sorry for Chris D ’amico ? marty yeah . woah . must suck to have a rich dad and everything you want . ( more ) 15 marty ( cont 'd ) in fact , I wish you have not bring it up . I think I be gonna cry . dave yeh , but he 's always on he own . todd we should , like , talk to he . see if he want to hang with we . dave I be not say we should talk to he , just , like - todd it would be awesome ! think about it : if he be we friend , no one would ever fuck with we again ! Dave and marty consider this . marty nod over towards Chris . marty go on then , Todd . todd nuh-uh . Dave should go . dave why ? I just say I feel sorry - aw shit , ok , fine . Dave make he way over to the register , where Chris be now in line . nearby , the bodyguard pretend to read a comic . Chris see Dave approach and smile . Dave smile back with a awkward wave . the bodyguard glance up from the comic . body guard fuck off . this guy be massive . Dave do not need to be ask twice . from Chris 's pov , we watch Dave return to he friend and be - enact the encounter . all three burst into laughter . ext . dodgy STREET . day . 15 Dave and Todd walk home , carry they bag of new comic . then , from nowhere , two gang kide block they path . the bigger kid hold out he hand matter - of - factly . first gang kid phone . money . todd aw man , not again . 16 10 . Dave hand over he phone and cash . Todd just give cash . first gang kid phone . todd I do not have one ! somebody else jack it last week ! first gang kid gimme the bag . todd it 's just comic . second gang kid you wanna get cut ? Todd reluctantly hand over the bag of comic , and the kid walk away casually . shaken and angry , Todd and Dave walk on . int . warehouse . night . 16 tre fernandez , 30 , unlikely to join he local neighbourhood watch scheme any time soon , be tie to a chair , he finger in a pair of heavy - duty bolt-cutter hold by a huge goon . several other goons surround he - let 's call they ginger , scary , sporty , baby and posh . and here 's frank D 's amico , 5as , and he right -hand man , big joe . you know by the cut of Frank 's suit that he 's in charge . tre frankie ... Frank , I be tell you , man . I swear I be not make this up . this fuck guy ... come outta nowhere - frank this would be the guy who look like batman . tre I do not say he look like batman . huge goon you do , you say the guy look like batman . another goon he say , like , a black mask and stuff . huge goon and a cape . 17 18 11 . big joe like batman . tre I do not say ' like batman . 's I never say ' batman 's . frank so this guy , he come in , outta nowhere . tre . right. outta nowhere . fuck we up real bad . frank and this be who kill johnnie ... tre right . and my two guy . frank ..- and jack my coke . tre he do not exactly jack it . int . scuzzy 2 nd floor apartment . night . 17 a hyper-stylize fantasy sequence . Tre lie on the floor with a gusher of a nosebleed , clutching a bag of coke . two dead cronies lie nearby . the last man stand be johnnie - clearly the muscle . Tre watch in dismay as the even-bigger superhero step behind johnnie and slice he throat with a hunting knife . the superhero turn on Tre , who throw the bag of cocaine into he face , bolt for the open window and jump out . the mask man , he black costume now cover in coke , watch out of the window as Tre limp away for he life . int . warehouse . night . 18 Frank fix Tre with a impassive look . frank and this guy ... this guy who kill everyone else , he do not bother to follow you . because ? tre because , I do not know . I swear Frank , I be just tell you what happen . 19 20 12 . frank okay . let I explain the problem I get here , Tre . we mole with the Russians tell it a bit different . int . swanky apartment . night . 19 another stylize fantasy sequence . a tall russian show Tre a briefcase full of cash . a group of russian hood look on . Tre nod he approval and the tall Russian click the case shut and hand it over , in exchange for a large bag of coke . int . warehouse . night . 20 Tre react to what he 's just hear . tre you be kid I ? frank ( be : the bolt cutter ) do it look to you like I be kid ? big joe we guy say you give they Russians a pretty sweet deal . tre it 's a fuck lie , man ! I can not believe you believe this shit from a fuck Russian , man . frank let 's see , Tre . what 's more likely ? you be a greedy little cocksucker , or my coke be miss because it wound up all over superman 's face . big joe batman . frank what ? huge goon batman 's face . tre I never say batman ! frank oh for fuck 's sake . my son 's in the car , wait to go to the movie . Joe , you be in charge . 21 22 13 . he snap he finger as he turn to go . Joe nod . the huge goon snip the bolt-cutter close . Tre scream . ext . warehouse . night . 21 we can still hear the distant scream as Frank - shadow by Ginger goon - climb into the back of the wait merc . int . mercede . night . 22 Frank get in beside he son - Chris , who we meet earlier - and the bodyguard . Ginger goon sit in the front . frank sorry you have to wait , buddy . CHRIS I coulda wait inside . I be sick of be treat like a kid . frank we be not have this conversation again , Chris . ( to the bodyguard ) where 's the driver ? bodyguard restroom . CHRIS the movie 's start in , like , 10 minute . we can still hear scream come from inside the warehouse , studiously ignore by everyone in the car . frank we be cool . it 's okay . we be only gonna miss the trailer . CHRIS yeah , but I want to , you know , get popcorn . frank ( to the bodyguard ) when we get there , get Chris some popcorn , okay ? and bring it in . what do you wanna drink , pepsi ? Chris nod grudgingly . the scream continue , escalate . bodyguard you get it , sir . 23 24 25 14 . frank and I 'il have a icee. mix . like , when they mix the red one and the blue one ? the driver get in . from inside the warehouse , we hear two gunshot . everyone but Frank flinch . nobody mention it . frank ( cont 'd ) and a pack of twizzler . drive . ext . movie theatre . night . 23 the limo pull up outside the theatre . a few people line up for ticket as a huge tide of other flood out . among they , a elate Dave , Todd and marty - talk excitedly about the movie they have just see . dave ( v.o. ) the comic-book have it wrong . it do not take a trauma , or cosmic ray or a power ring to make a superhero . int . dave 's bedroom . night . 24 Dave undress . in he underpant , he really look like just a little kid . the camera jib down to see a ups package . from it , Dave pull out : a wet-suit and a ski mask . he pull they on and look in the mirror . dave you be fuck awesome . he strike a superhero pose , throw a few martial art move . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... dust the perfect combination of optimism and naivety . ext . industrial wasteland . day . 25 meet mindy macready . 11 year old , and tiny . wearing a woolly hat , a padded jacket and a intense frown . mindy daddy ? I be scared . her father , damon , 35 , be big and rip and have a killer handle - bar moustache . but he 's softly speak . 15 . damon C ’mon mindy , honey . be a big girl now . nothin’ to be afraid of . we pull back to take in damon 's full tower height . in he hand be a gun . he load the magazine . mindy be it gonna hurt bad ? damon only for a second , sugar . ( off she pout ) handgun bullet go more than 700 mile a hour , so at close range like this , the force be gonna take you right off you foot , for sure . but it 's really no more painful than a punch in the chest . okay ? mindy no . I hate get punch in the chest . damon you will be fine , baby doll . before she can protest , he release the slide , take the safety off , aim the gun at she and fire off a round . the bullet hit she square in the chest . she fly through the air , landing on she back a couple of foot away . damon ( cont 'd ) not so bad , huh ? she sit up stiffly and shrug at he . then she unzip she jacket to study the kevlar vest underneath . she poke she finger into the little dent leave by the bullet . damon ( cont 'd ) now you know how it feel , you will not be scared when some junkie asshole pull a glock . mindy would n’a be scared anyways . damon guffaw , pull off she hat and ruffle she hair . damon that 's my girl ! ' kay . up you get . couple more round , then home . mindy again ? 26 27 28 16 . damon uh-huh . mindy only if we can go Ben and Jerry 's on the way back . damon hmm. okay . two round , no wince , no whining and you get yourself a deal , young lady . she get up and face he , arm outstretch , grin . mindy I be gonna get phish food and chunky monkey ! damon good call , baby ! he take aim and - bam ! - crack off another round . int . dave 's bedroom . day . 26 Dave , wear he costume , slip jeans and a long -sleeve tee over the top . he grab he school bag and leave . int . highschool classroom . day . 27 Mrs Zane be at the whiteboard but Dave be not watch . he write in he book , finger the collar of he costume under he shirt , a sly smile play on he lip . in Dave 's notebook be several heroic doodles of himself in costume , and some name : night Walker , bad night , bad ass . he write down : kick ass . then a bunch of question mark . int . BEN and jerry 's. day . 28 mindy be here with damon , scoffing a large core sundae . fudge sauce drip onto she padded jacket . she look down to wipe it off and notice five bullet hole . mindy daddy ! lookit ! damon I know , honey . good job ! hey , you have any more thought on what you want for you birthday ? 29 30 31 17 . mindy mmmm . can I get a puppy ? damon ( surprised ) a ... puppy ? like , a dog ? mindy yeah . a cuddly fluffy one . anda bratz moviestar makeover sasha . damon look like he 's about to have a seizure . mindy spit ice-cream everywhere as she burst into giggle . mindy ( cont 'd ) just fuck with you daddy ! I would love a benchmade model - 42 butterfly knife . damon join in the laughter , relieved . ext . d' amico 's apartment block . day . 29 a black Lexus pull up and a liveried doorman step forward to open the door . big joe climb out , nod he greeting to the doorman , and enter the building . int . d' amico 's apartment block - lobby . continuous . 30 Inside , Big Joe greet a second doorman and walk towards the bank of elevator . one be guard by scary goon . Inside the elevator , posh goon usher big Joe in and close the door . int . d' amico 's penthouse - kitchen . 31 a beautiful bespoke kitchen / breakfast room . outside , a incredible view of Manhattan . clearly , business be booming . Frank and Chris eat breakfast with Chris 's mother , angie do amico , 47 and look good . posh goon pop he head round the door . posh goon Big Joe to see you , sir . frank okay , okay . ( to Angie ) sorry hon . she roll she eye good - naturedly as she stand up , take she bowl of oatmeal with she , and head out of the room . 18 . angie no problem . Chris ? CHRIS ( to Frank ) I do not mind you talk business . I will just sit quiet . I should , like , start learn and stuff . Frank point at the door . Chris get up and stomp out . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I be gonna be 18 in eight month for chrissake . Frank ignore he and greet Joe , who give Chris a affectionate slap on the back as he pass . Joe sit down . louis we get ourselves a problem , Frank . frank and here be I , think you break up my family breakfast cuz you want to discuss last night 's Dancing with the star . big joe we Russian say Tre just give they another 5 k 's , half price . frank which Tre ? Tre Tre ? Tre fernandez ? big joe right . Tre tre. Dead tre. frank so now I be get fuck in the ass by a ghost . big joe or Tre be tell the truth . frank this be my choice ? I have to believe in ghost or superhero ? big joe not the part about the superhero . just that he mighta really be gaffle by somebody . frank I think it 's time we invite we Russian friend over for a friendly chat . see what 's really go on . 32 33 34 35 19 . big joe put he ball in a vice ? frank right . big joe cool . I just want to double check . cos there be that one time you say '' friendly chat '' , and you mean it literally , and I think - frank I remember . big joe so , better safe than sorry , y'know ? ext . roof top . day . 32 Dave , in he costume , carefully tread the edge of the roof . dave ( v.o . ) I will be honest , there be not a whole lotta crime fight in that first few week . he reach the corner and look across to the next rooftop . he glance down into the narrow alleyway separate the two . ext . alleyway . day . 33 the alley we look down into before . Dave check he 's not be watch , then run a tape measure between the wall . dave ( v.o . ) but even so , my new vocation keep I plenty busy . I do not even have time for internet porn any more . ext . rooftop . day . 34 Dave have place two piece of wood that distance apart . he run up to the first , leap ... land nowhere near the second . int . highschool gym . day . 35 Dave pump iron . dave ( v.o. ) if my friend wonder what the fuck be go on with I , they never mention it . 36 37 38 39 20 . int . highschool cafeteria 36 Dave sit with Todd and marty eat a plate of fish , steak and boil egg . the guy do not bat a eyelid . marty poke eye hole in a piece of bread and wear it as a bandit mask . int . dave 's bedroom . night . 37 Dave pose in he costume , flex he still - tiny pecs . dave ( v.o. ) all I know be I have never feel so good about myself . ext . rooftop . day . 38 Dave , back at he long - jump , make several more unsuccessful attempt before he finally land clear of he target . Close on he foot as we see he subsequent landing past the second piece of timber , get further and further away . dave ( v.o. ) I call it preparation . finally , he take a run up and we see that the piece of timber have be put aside , and he be now go for the real thing . he reach the edge of the roof ... and stop . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but if you call it fantasize , it woulda be hard to argue . int . mindy and damon 's apartment . day . 39 the kind of place you have expect to see in a documentary about scary - ass opt - out survivalist - board - up window , a gun rack , not much furniture . damon sit on one of several metal trunk , grin as mindy admire a painting . now we see that it be a brilliantly render piece of comic - book artwork depict they in costume , dynamically pose . damon you like ? mindy I love ! you be the bestest comic artist , daddy ! he beam and hand she a prettily wrap parcel . 21 . damon and here 's you proper present . happy birthday , baby . mindy tear it open and squeal : it 's the exact butterfly knife she ask for . she fling she arm around damon 's neck . mindy thank you , thank you , thank you ! she study the knife and tentatively begin to attempt a few traditional '' flipping '' move . she succeed surprisingly well . mindy ( cont 'd ) daddy , look ! damon applaud encouragingly until the blade accidentally slice the back of she hand . she stop and study the cut . mindy ( cont 'd ) shit . she wipe she hand on she jeans and start flipping again . damon okay , pop quiz . what 's the proper name for one of that ? mindy easy : '' baliso '' . it 's filipino . ask I another . damon mmmm. ' kay ... the ar15 be a lighter , smaller calibre version of what design ? she nick she hand again . wipe it , unperturb . continue . mindy Eugene stoner 's ar10 . now gimme a hard one . damon when do Samuel colt get he US patent ? mindy I say a hard one ! February 25th , 1836 . damon John woo 's first full - length feature . mindy 's knife flipping be get ridiculously good now . at time , the knife be just a silver streak in she little hand . 40 4l 42 22 . mindy tie han rou qing . the Young dragon ... look , daddy , look ! you be not look ! ext . dodgy STREET . day . 40 at a junction , Dave wheel he bike beside Todd and marty , all carry bag from the comic store . this be where they part company . Dave mount up , wave goodbye and ride off . he ride on , down the same shitty street we see earlier . nearby , two boy skulk by a car . the guy who mug Dave and Todd . one have a screwdriver . he look up , stare at Dave . dave ( v.o. ) like every serial killer already know , eventually fantasize just do not do it for you anymore . it be time to engage . Dave look away , keep pedall , head down . but he speed gradually slow until , at the next alleyway , he stop dead . ext . back alley . day . 41 Dave chain he bike to a fire -escape . he tear open he shirt , revealing he costume underneath . this be it . ext . dodgy STREET . day . 42 the first gang kid have he screwdriver wedge under the window rubber and be pry it off . his friend loiter nearby , smoking a joint and keep lookout . they pause , utterly bewilder , at the sight of : Dave . walk towards they in he full , costume splendor . second gang kid what ... the ... fuck ?! first gang kid the fuck be you look at ? Dave hesitates . they start to walk towards he . first gang kid ( cont 'd ) I say what be you look at ? dave two cheapshit loser screwing with a car that somebody probably work they ass off to pay for . 43 44 23 . first gang kid say what ? second gang kid leave it man . motherfucker be high . dave I be not high . I just think it suck that you figure you can do whatever you want . walk away from the car , and we can just forget about it . without warning , the first kid step up and punch Dave . Dave reel . but now we see that , behind he back , he have a piece of lead pipe . he crack it over the kid 's head . the kid go down , the screwdriver fly from he hand . a beat . then the second kid set on Dave . the pipe give Dave a initial advantage . but now the first guy be up again . first gang kid fuck this shit ! you crazy , man ! he pull a knife and , before Dave even realize it , he 's be stab in the gut . he look down in disbelief . then drop . the gang kid run . Dave get up and stagger to the road . ext . road . continuous . 43 Dave stumble into the road as a car approach . he try to flag it , but the alarm female driver accelerate past he . Dave turn in disbelief to watch the car disappear into the distance ... fail to see a second car speed towards he . it plough into he , send he fly like a rag-doll . the car slow and a terrify businessman stare out to see : Dave be out cold , he leg and pelvis grotesquely twisted , he costume cover in blood . the driver be in serious shit . he look around . no witness . panick , he speed away . int . ambulance . day . 44 we fade up to Dave 's Pov . a siren be wail . a medic be cut off he costume . the medic shout up to the driver . medic back and responsive ! ( to Dave ) easy , pal . take it easy . do not try to move . 45 46 24 . Dave be in a neck brace , a oxygen mask over he face . dave my dad be gonna kill I . medic he 's gonna be happy you be alive . dave I need a favour . please ? do not tell anybody about the costume ? medic you get it . the medic deposit the shred costume in the medical waste receptacle . Dave smile with relief . then he eye roll back . medic ( cont 'd ) ( shouting to the driver ) lose he again ! int . hospital corridor . day . 45 we fade up to Dave 's Pov : a blur of bright light and concerned face , as the hospital gurney speed he along . dave ( v.o. ) I do not remember a whole lot from the first day at the hospital . just that the pain be a thousand time worse than anything I would ever experience . a nurse lean down with a needle . dave ( cont 'd ) and the morphine be a thousand time better . Dave lie in a hospital bed , bandage and wire up , asleep . beside he sit he drain father , stare into space . int . warehouse . night . 46 a rather batter Russian , danil , 30 , sit on a chair , hand tie behind he back . nearby , Big Joe talk on he cell . big joe they do not have the vice here no more ... no . they only treat the lumber here now ... yeah , but the thing they use for that be even better ... exactly ... okay , cool . ( more ) 25 . big joe ( cont 'd ) ( to huge goon ) go ahead . the huge goon pull danil up and , follow by Joe , begin to walk he across the warehouse , past pile of wood . danil look , the guy tell I he be Tre fernandez , what do I know ? now you say fernandez be dead , so , okay , this guy , he lie about who he be . they arrive at a large industrial microwave oven , its door open . the huge goon punch danil in the face and push he inside . he bolt the door and study the operation panel . huge goon do it have setting ? like on a regular microwave ? big joe the fuck do I know ? we be not make a fuck hungry man dinner , just turn it on ! exasperate , Joe lean past the goon and hit the largest button . a very loud whirr start up . big joe ( cont ’d ) ( shouting to danil ) who do you buy we coke from ? and this time , do not tell we somebody who 's dead . danil peer out , desperate , he hand cup to he ear . huge goon can he hear you ? I do not think he can hear you . big joe I say : who really sold you our coke ? now danil be in pain . we can faintly hear he shriek . Big Joe begin to mime he question , one word at a time : a open hand shrug ... a '' hand over '' gesture ... a point ... big joe ( cont 'd ) who ... sold ... you ... but before he can finish , there 's a pop sound , and - splat - the view window be decorate with danil 's inside . big joe ( cont 'd ) shit . 26 . 47 int . hospital . day . 47 Dave lie in bed , awaken slowly from he sleep . in the chair where we last see Dave 's father , be he mother . dave Mom ? what be you do here ? mother David honey , you need to get better now . you poor dad ... first I then you ? you really can not go die . Dave squeeze he eye shut . dave this be not real . mother it 's not ? dave Nah . I do not believe in ghost . he open he eye . she 's go , and in she place be a chinese family in traditional rural dress - a man , a pregnant woman and five SMALL child . the woman turn to she husband and whisper in mandarin , subtitle . chinese woman he believe in reincarnation . chinese man ( to Dave , subtitle ) you do know that statistically , there 's a one in three chance of come back as a chinese peasant ? the woman rub she belly and smile ominously at Dave . dave ( in mandarin , subtitle ) be that even true ? if you be just go on number , be not I more likely to come back as a insect or something ? the chinese family have go . in they place , a giant spider now sit in the chair . giant spider you have a point , there . dave shit ... I really do not wanna come back as a spider . 48 27 . giant spider why not ? dave I do not know . it 's just not really how I see thing go . eat fly ... fuck other spider ... the spider climb onto the bed and straddle he . giant spider hey , do not knock it ' till you have try it , baby . a doctor hurry into the room with Dave 's father . they rush over to the bed , apparently unaware of the spider 's presence . mr . lizewski ( to the doctor ) see ? I think he 's ... ( to Dave ) Dave ? can you hear I ? the spider have go , and Dave stare groggily at they . dave dad ? Mr. lizewski 's face flood with joy and relief . he kiss Dave on the forehead , and Dave smile weakly . doctor welcome back , young man . int . x-ray room . day . 48 Dave lie on the bed , the X -ray unit poise over he pelvis . there 's a whine and a flash as it take a shot . dave ( v.o. ) turned out , I would have , like , nine operation or something insane . the radiologist enter and move the unit for another shot . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I hurt all over . I feel weak ... radiologist good job . you can get change now . she help Dave over to a small change cubicle . dave ( v.o . ) and come off the morphine be a pisser ... 49 50 51 52 28 . int . changing cubicle . continuous . 49 Dave take off the patient gown , and begin to dress , gaze absent mindedly around the cubicle at the various medical information poster . one detail how to perform a breast self-examination catch he eye . dave ( v.o. ) but all thing consider ... ext . changing cubicle . day . 50 the radiologist stand outside the door , look concerned . radiologist Dave ? be you okay in there , buddy ? int . changing cubicle . day . 51 Dave deposit a handful of tissue into the medical waste bin . dave uh-huh . sorry . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) .-. I be get back to my old self . int . hospital room . day . 52 a x-ray photograph of a skull with a big metal plate in it . now another - a arm with elaborate pin . now a metal-studded leg . Dave study this as , in the background , he dad pack away Dave 's hospital thing into bag . dave how cool be this ? I look like wolverine . mr . lizewski they still have that metal detector at you school ? dave I know ! it 's gonna have a meltdown ! mr . lizewski ( suddenly serious ) Dave , I need to ask you something . dave go on ... 53 54 55 29 . mr . lizewski the police report ... they find you naked . you say you do not remember why . the mugger ... they do not ...? dave what ? no! Jesus ! I be not even ... in the ambulance , they have to throw my clothes away ! cos of the blood . mr . lizewski right ... because the medic say you be naked . dave great . mr . lizewski but ... nobody ...? dave of course not !! oh my god . Mr. lizewski throw he arm round he son and start sobbing with relief . Dave pat he awkwardly on the back . ext . a nasty STREET . night . 53 mindy walk alone , carry a grocery bag . a pass cop car slow to a crawl beside she and a handsome African american cop , detective marcus william , 37 , wind down the window . marcus hey ! you need a ride home ? mindy carry on walk , ignore he . marcus ( cont 'd ) you should not be out on you own in the dark , you know . it 's not safe . mindy shake she head in amusement and keep walk . ext . mindy and damon 's apartment . night . 54 mindy let herself in , unaware that she be still be watch from a distance by detective Marcus . int . high school cafeteria . day . 55 Dave carry he tray - a burger and fries - try to ignore all the people stare or whisper . Katie look at he as she talk to erika , then abruptly stop talk as he pass . 56 30 . eriki cho Said he 's what ? katie ( not now ! ) nothing . perturb , Dave take he seat next to Todd and marty . marty punch he hard in the back . marty do you feel that ? dave ( bored of this ) no . todd you be like fuck Jason bourne or something ! that own ! marty do it again , harder . marty how about that time ? dave no. marty , give it a fuckin’ rest , man . I have only be back , like , half a day and already you be make I kinda miss the hospital . int . mindy and damon 's apartment . day . 56 a veritable arsenal of weapon be spread out all over the room . damon be at a makeshift draw board , inking a picture we can not see . behind he a row of portrait be pin to the wall . all villainous - look man , draw in comic book style . mindy walk in carry two open can of protein shake . she hand one to damon and take a swig of she own . mindy protein shake for ya. ( be : the picture ) oooh . another picture for we plan ? damon yep . and I have something for you . he produce : a utility belt , bristle with lethal item . mindy sweet ! you get I a little one ! 57 58 59 31 . damon make it just for you , babydoll . try it on ? she do . it 's a perfect fit . mindy inspect it eagerly . mindy stun grenade , hand grenade , mace , shuriken ... and ... what 's this for ? she scrutinise something on the back of the belt , near she behind . we can not see what it be . damon it 's for ... if all else fail . but only then . ext . rooftop . day . 57 from Dave 's Pov , we gaze down into the now - familiar alley , then across the chasm to the next roof . dave ( v.o. ) I should have quit , of course . we see Dave : in a new costume . he sprint towards the gap . int . dave 's bedroom . night . 58 Dave hold he phone above he head - the favour flatter myspace angle - and look up . he snap a shot of himself . on he computer we see the personal page he 's make for kickass . a few click and the photo he just take be in place . dave ( v.o. ) but you can not just re-programme yourself : what you want , who you be ... you purpose in life . ext . basketball court . night . 59 a costume Dave approach with a can of paint and a roller . he begin to paint a grafitti-cover wall . dave ( v.o. ) Drop a laptop and it will break . but when it 's fix , it 's not gonna be a fuckin’ George Foreman grill . 60 61 62 63 32 . ext . grocery store parking lot . day . 60 Dave , in costume , load shopping bag into a suv for a grateful - if slightly bemuse - young mom with a baby . dave ( v.o. ) it be what it be . int . arcade . night . 61 Dave stand beside a ddr dancing stage unit . a huge queue of little kide wait they turn while two hulking teenager end theirs . they foot just a blur , you get the feel they play a_lot . one lean forward to put in another handful of coin . dave ( v.o. ) I ? my hardware be fix now . Dave lean in and stay the boy 's arm , stop he from insert the coin . the teens stare at the costume freak in shock . Dave indicate the line of little kid and give the universal thumb -jerk gesture for get- the-fuck-outta-here . amazingly , the two guy comply , walk away , confuse . the crowd of kid cheer , and the first two in line climb on . ext . rooftop . day . 62 Dave 's sprint towards the edge of the roof continue . dave ( v.o. ) I be back and run kickass version 2.0. Dave reach the edge ... and stop . dave ( cont 'd ) crap . ext . neighbourhood STREET . day . 63 Close on a poster that read : have you see mr . bitey ??? there 's a phone number and a photo of a cat . pull back to find Dave , in costume , study it . dave ( v.o . ) okay , maybe I be still in the beta - testing phase . but it be a start . 64 65 66 33 . ext . dodgy neighbourhood . night . 64 Dave - in costume , remember - walk the neighbourhood , search for the cat , ignore the stare of passersby . dave Mr bitey ! two gang girl walk past burst out laugh . ext . another STREET . night . 65 a terrify man , oscar juarez , 26 , run for he life . in hot pursuit be three big scary guy . we intercut between this chase , and Dave 's more mundane amble . ext . run - down STREET . night . 66 from across the street , Dave spot a cat eat from the trash outside a fastfood joint . this be it . he sprint across the road towards it , car honk as he dart between they . dave hey there Mr. bitey ... c’mon ... but the cat make a break for it , shoot away , up a tree . dave ( cont 'd ) wonderful . Dave climb the tree as the cat watch disdainfully . in the distance , we may see the terrify oscar juarez turn onto this street and dash in we direction - but Dave do not . Dave reach for the cat , but he foot slip and he fall ... right onto oscar , flooring he . neither can quite believe it . oscar asshole ! before Dave can speak , he receive a kick in the face . the three scary guy surround they . the biggest guy , who just kick Dave , eye he as the other haul oscar to he foot . biggest guy thanks , freak . the briefest pause . then he turn and punch oscar in the mouth . Dave look on , aghast , as all three lay into oscar . Dave try to grab the biggest guy , but he shrug Dave off . 67 68 34 . biggest guy ( cont ’d ) get the fuck outta here ! this be not none of you business . dave yeah , it be . Dave pull he lead pipe and pile in , blaze , take hit leave , right and centre and landing plenty of he own . a few passerby slow down to gawp . Dave shout to they . dave ( cont 'd ) call 911 ! somebody call 911 ! a teenager run into the nearby fast - food joint . int . fast food joint . continuous . 67 the teenager burst in urgently . teenager hey ! ( a beat ) there 's a guy dress like a superhero out there fight a load of blood , it 's fuckin’ awesome ! and , as one , the diner hurry out into the street to watch . ext . run -down STREET . continuous . 68 the fast - food diner join the large crowd , many now filming the fight on they cell - phone . Dave give as good as he get as he fight to protect oscar . the biggest guy , badly beat , clock the crowd . Dave 's not go down , and now they be on camera , too . time to quit . biggest guy ( to Dave ) fuckin 's freak ! he bolt , follow by he cohort . the crowd burst into applause . Dave lean down to oscar , hunch on the ground . dave you okay , man ? it 's chaos here - the crowd shouting , approach siren . a excite guy thrust he cellphone breathlessly towards Dave . phone guy woooh ! that rock ! who be you ? 69 70 71 35 . Dave ignore he and lean in closer to try and hear oscar 's response . oscar manage a swollen smile . oscar thank you . ext . the other end of the STREET . moment later . 69 Dave run . in the distance , we see the ambulance - now arrive - and much of the crowd still in attendance . ext . alleyway . night . 70 Dave round the corner , and after check nobody 's see he , he open the dumpster and retrieve a plastic shopping bag . he empty it out - it 's he clothes . he pull off he mask . he 's bleed and bruise but can not help grin . he do it . int . dave 's room . day . 71 Dave peer at he bruise face in a mirror . dave this look like it 's go down any ? Todd , at Dave 's desk browsing youtube , do not move . marty , on the floor play bioshock on the Xbox , look up briefly . marty give it time man . only be a week . todd hey , do you see '' pretty fly for a draenei '' ? marty dave yeah . yeah . Todd look slightly crush . then he face light up . todd ( cont 'd ) ah wait , do you see that thing with the superhero guy ? from round here ? dave what thing ? surely it can not be ...? Dave toss aside he controller and move over to the computer . marty follow . 72 36 . kickass media frenzy montage . 72 in the low-ish re of a youtube clip , we see Dave , bent over oscar . the camera thrust towards he . phone guy ( os ) woooh ! that rock ! who be you ? Dave lean down to hear oscar . then look up into the camera . dave I be kickass . music kick in now as we follow the explosion of Dave 's fame . - a youtube page , show the fight . it 's title : kickass ! Real life superhero . underneath it say : view : 10,019 - footage from a local news channel . a female anchor speak . local news anchor and come up after the hour : a costume vigilante have become the latest internet phenomenon after a Hamilton Park resident film the man 's remarkable intervention in a gang -relate attack last week ... - more youtube footage . now the counter say : view : 208,323 - in the school corridor , the mathlete and gamer kid we meet earlier stand together by they locker , talk excitedly . mathlete ( impersonate the clip ) my name be kickass ! gamer no , no , no , he just go , like , '' I be kickass '' . then he run off . - in the studio of the today show , oscar sit nervously , be interview by meredith viera . meredith viera and what would you say to he , if you do , do you think ? oscar if I see he again ? I guess , just how brave he be . and , y’know , just ... thank you . - Dave at he computer , on he kickass myspace page . - another youtube clip . now it say : view : 5,630,621 . 73 74 37 . - Katie , in pyjamas , lie on she bed with she friend erika , painting she nail and watch the soup . on tv we see : joel mchale and now it 's time for we kickass clip of the week ... someone dress as kickass run in , brandish a stick . joel mchale ( cont ’d ) not you , kickass . you be we clip of the week last week . ( shouting offscreen ) I think we be gonna have to change that segment title . int . late night with david letterman studio . night . 73 letterman be read out the top ten list . letterman top ten sign you neighbor be kickass , number nine : answer phone , " kickass residence -- I mean , Smith residence " . laughter from the audience , the usual drum roll continue . letterman ( cont ’d ) number eight : the family of supervillain across the street have really be on edge lately . int . damon and mindy 's place . night . 74 mindy read a comic while damon perform pull - up in the door - frame and watch late night with david letterman . letterman ( on tv ) .+.- you neighbor be kickass , number seven : list he like as country music , softball and leaping tall building in a single bound . mindy I like kickass . damon , still perform pull up , do not respond . letterman ( on tv ) number six : claim he 's get 50 mile to the gallon since switch to hybrid kickass -mobile . 38 . mindy do you see the clip ? he be pretty good . damon good at get he ass kick . he shoulda call himself asskick instead . mindy that do not even make sense . 75 int . d' amico 's penthouse . night . 75 Frank , Angie and Chris be also watch letterman . david letterman ( on tv ) number four : a lot of " thanks for hospitalize my attacker " bouquet be deliver . frank the kid 's gonna end up dead , be what I think . david letterman ( on tv ) number three . his last house - guest : the Silver surfer . CHRIS no way . he own . I have mail he site if I have a problem need fix . frank be you kid I ? tell I you be fuck kid I ! I get a hundred guy could fix a problem and you would call some Jersey City doofus ? david letterman ( on tv ) number two : mailman mistakenly put " cowl - of - the-month club " catalog in you box . CHRIS well I would not wanna get in the way of you '' business '' . where I be not want . 76 int . dave 's house . night . 76 Dave watch tv with he dad . 39 . david letterman ( on tv ) and the number one sign that you neighbor be kick ass : you hear he television blaring " extreme makeover - Internet superhero edition " . on tv , the audience applaud . mr . lizewski be that the guy from round here ? dave uh ... that kickass guy ? I guess so . have you ... see that clip before ? mr . lizewski I hear about it . the guy at work be ... I have a fight with one of ‘em about it , actually . Said to he : when you son 's be mug half a dozen time , then you come tell I what you think of vigilante . dave he 's more , like , a superhero . than a vigilante . would not you say ? mr . lizewski meh . the costume I could do without . hey , this remind I , do you look at that catalogue I give you ? the personal taser ? dave yeah . I say fine . i’1ll carry one if you want I to . mr . lizewski you be gonna pick a color . dave I do not know , they be all kind of gay . I think they be , like , mean for girl or something . mr . lizewski what be you talk about ? they have , like , camo , and purple ... dave exactly ! 77 78 40 . mr . lizewski camo be gay now ? you wanna tell the armed force or shall I ? dave no , look , fine , I 'il have camo . camo be fine . but I be ... you do not have to worry about I , dad ... I wish you would not worry about I . int . dave 's room . night . 77 Dave sit down at he computer and log onto myspace . dave ( v.o . ) my myspace : 38 friend . kickass 's myspace : 16 k and count . he scroll through he mail . we catch flash of text : '' can you help ? '' ... '' and I swear I know for sure he do it '' ... '' 3rd armed hold - up in two month '' ... '' break into my car '' Dave begin to type a reply : '' I be work my way through a backlog of request right now , but I 'il get to yours as soon as I can . your sincerely ... '' he erase '' sincerely '' and type '' truly '' . erase that , type '' keep it real '' . then wipe that too and just type '' kickass '' . ext . high school corridor . day . 78 Dave stride to he locker , he face still bruise from kickass 's now - legendary fight , but more confident than ever . Katie , approach from the other direction , smile at he . katie hey . wary this time , Dave look over he shoulder . Katie laugh . katie ( cont 'd ) Dave . hey. dave ( surprised ) oh ... hey . katie how 's the ... uh ... she gesture to she face . he pat he own bruise face . 41 . dave ah , good , thanks , yeah . much better . not as bad as last time , that 's for sure ! katie hey , you be into comicbook , be not ou ? ( off he wary nod ) well ... I and erika sometimes hang after school at this great store , gotham Comics ? they have a Starbucks . actually , I always see that two friend of yours there ? dave yeah ...? katie I mean ... I could buy you a coffee there sometime if you want ? if you , like , need someone to talk to ? dave um ... sure . thanks . katie cool . what , today ? tomorrow ? dave um ... today ... sure , why not ? today 's good . katie sweet ! see ya later , then ! and she 's off . Dave spot Todd and marty lurking nearby and walk over , in a euphoric daze . dave man , do you just see that ?! Todd and marty exchange look . marty do not wanna piss on you fries , dude , but it might not be ... what you think . todd yeah , because , Katie deauxma , she 's , like , the world 's biggest carebear ? dave what be you talk about ? 42 . marty just look at she friend : erika Cho - self harmer . kanesha what -her - name - alopecia . and I hear Ariel kressly 's piano tutor interfered with she . todd really ? what , like , actual rape , or he just feel she up and stuff ? marty the point be , Katie deauxma be all about the lame duck . dave what 's that get to do with I ? Dave and marty exchange another look . 79 ext . comic book store . day . 79 Dave walk to the store with Todd and marty . he be mid-rant . dave but ... a rent boy ?! a fuck rent boy ?? what kind of rumor be that ? marty well you know , get mug ... dave you guy have be mug ! marty yeah , but you get beat up , and you have , like , no clothes on that time ? dave that 's not even true ! the medic throw my clothes away ! todd and , like , someone say when you go through the metal detector the other day they see you turn in this really gay- look personal taser ? dave it 's camo ! marty aw , forget about it man . rumor do not mean shit . the people who care about you know the truth . 43 . todd yeah . and who know , it might even get you laid . they have arrive at the comic store . marty not if she think he 's gay , Todd , you fucktard ! dave thanks a lot , marty . Dave open the door and we see he stunne reaction to : ... the store as he 's never see it before . it 's ram , and the demographic have expand wildly to include a lot of girl and a good cross section of teenage society . at the coffee - shop , a sign say : '' today' special : kickass cappuccino '' dave ( cont 'd ) Holy shit , what happen ? marty flick a huge promotional cardboard sign : the cover of kickass number 1 . a strap -line on it say : coming soon . marty this guy happen . Dave gape at the poster . but before he can comment , he hear he name be call and spot Katie , in the coffee - shop , wave . Todd and marty shoo he over to she . moment later , we find Dave sit at a table and Katie return to he , carry two frappucino . she sit down . dave you really do not have to get mine . katie it 's my pleasure . you have have kind of a rough time . I think the least I can do be buy you a coffee . dave yeah ... about that , I - katie God , I be sorry - I do not wanna ... you do not have to talk about it . but if you ever want to ... I be , you know . a good listener . dave right ... thanks . so ... ( reach for a subject ) do you actually ... read comic ? 44 , katie well , I only just start , but yeah . the guy recommend some . let 's see ... Love and rocket . Dan clowe . that kinda thing . I be not so big on all the superhero stuff . dave guess you will not be lining up for that kickass comic , then . katie guess not . but you know what , I be seriously think of mailing that guy 's site ? I could use some help from a guy like that right now . dave help ? really ? what with ? katie oh , boyfriend trouble . but the last thing you need be I unload . I mean , everything you have be through ? my stupid problem be , like , nothing . dave ( try to hide despair ) do not be dumb ... I mean , I be fine . I be ... but ... ( lighten the mood ) kickass ? that must be some pretty serious boyfriend trouble ! he crack up at he joke ' till he realize she 's not kid . katie you can not even imagine . ( a beat ) so ... what comic book do you like ? dave you can tell I , if you want . I mean ... I be a guy . I could maybe ... give you a guy 's perspective or something ? katie ( a beat ) okay ... you know I volunteer at the needle exchange ? dave uh ... no , I do not . 80 81 45 . katie well , there be this one guy , rasul ? the more I find out about he upbringing and stuff ? I just feel so sorry for he , and ... wow , this be weird , unload . I be usually the one play therapist . dave well , I be ... here for you , and all that kinda thing . Katie reach across the table and squeeze he hand . katie can I make a confession ? ever since I be young I always want a ... a friend who be ... a friend like you ? I hope it 's okay to say that ? it 's not homophobic , be it ? I do not , like , think you be all the same or something , I mean - Dave take she hand in he . May as well get what he can get . dave shhh . of course not . carry on . ext . dodgy housing project . night . 80 Dave - in costume - walk the street . a few kide cheer as he pass . some no - good type cross the street nervously . a shady - looking guy unexpectedly high - fives he . dave ( v.o. ) I do not know if I be everything Katie have always dream she gay b.f£.£. would be . but I try my best . and , more importantly , I talk she into mailing kickass . at a nasty block , he push bell ' till someone buzze he in . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Long story short , this particular lame duck of hers have turn out to be more of a lame cobra . int . dodgy housing project . night . 81 Dave climb a filthy stairwell , walk a dilapidate corridor . 82 dave ( v.o. ) she do not want the money back that she would give he , or a apology for the black eye he have give she . she just want he to get that they be through , and leave she alone . ( a beat ) and - let 's be real - no other request could have give I more pleasure . Dave stop outside one of the door and push the bell . the door be open by leroy , 21 , huge and intimidating . leroy ai not Halloween for another few month , kid . dave be you rasul ? leroy no ... who 's that under there ? Dave step in , shoulder he way past the puzzle leroy . int . rasul 's apartment . night . a depress drug de in which rasul - 19 , cute but waste - sit play call of duty 4 with some other thug . Dave walk in , follow by leroy . dave which one of you guy be rasul ? rasul who 's that ? leroy , who be this ? leroy shrug . thug the fuck be this , trick or treat ? dave you do not know who I be ? rasul no !? ( be : the game ) great , now I be dead . rasul toss he controller aside , bemuse and angry . 47 . dave I , I have a message for rasul . about Katie deauxma . ( off he reaction ) you be rasul ? ok . you have gotta stay away from Katie now . it 's over . and , uh ... you just need to ... leave she alone . rasul what ? who be you ? what be this ? dave I be kickass . look I up . and this be I give you a message : leave Katie alone . rasul ( stand up menacingly ) or what ? dave i’1l come back and break you fuck leg . Dave turn to leave , but leroy step into he path . rasul grab Dave 's shoulder , but before he can do anything else , Dave have pull he taser . he taser rasul , who shriek and fall twitching to the ground . Dave try to make a break for it , but leroy tackle he to the ground . Dave struggle to load he spare cartridge into the now empty taser , but leroy be too strong . the other thug help rasul up , and rasul pull a knife . rasul you be so fuck dead , man ! I be —- he stop in mid sentence and he eye bug out as he look down in surprise at : a long blade burst from he stomach . he keel over forward to reveal a huge knife through he back and , stand behind he , the tiny costume figure who put it there . her mask conceal she face , but when she pull a pair of butterfly knife from she little utility belt and begin to flip they , we know for sure that it 's mindy . mindy who 's next ? leroy and the thug look at one another in disbelief , and Dave stand freeze in shock as mindy launch herself at they . 83 84 48 . it 's a extraordinary sight as this tiny , lethal figure fly between the two , knife flash , deflect every blow as she slice and dice this two guy three time she size . when they lie bleed , she pull the knife from rasul 's back and stare at Dave . terrify , he aim he taser at she . mindy ( cont 'd ) dude , that be one fuckin’ gay - lookin’ taser . ( a beat ) chill . we be on the same team . Dave lower it , dumbstruck , and watch as she turn the apartment upside down . soon , she find a holdall and pull out several bag of cocaine . she cram they back in the holdall , grab it and head for a OPEN window - the way she come in , we presume . she climb out onto the fire escape . Dave watch she , still glue to the spot . mindy poke she head back into the room . mindy ( cont 'd ) C ’mon , dipshit . can not use the front door now . ext . FIRE escape . night . 83 too scared to protest , Dave follow she up the fire escape . ext . housing project roof . night . 84 Dave stop , out of breath . reluctantly , mindy pause too . dave wait , wait ... who be you ? she hold out she little glove hand . it 's cover in other people 's blood . reluctantly , Dave shake it . mindy I be hitgirl . and that 's Big daddy . she point to the next building where we can see damon , also in superhero costume . Dave give he a small , awkward wave . damon salute , put he finger to he lip - shhh - then draw he finger across he throat . mindy ( cont 'd ) come on . she break into a run towards the edge of the roof . 85 86 87 49 . Dave run too but , as the gap between the building yawn wide before he , slam on the brake in terror at the last moment . mindy keep go , leaping fearlessly into the void and landing on the roof opposite . she look back , shrug , take damon 's hand and wave goodbye to Dave before the two turn and run towards the next rooftop . and they be go . ext . FIRE escape . night . 85 Dave climb shakily down the fire escape to the street . dave ( v.o. ) hitgirl and Big daddy , they be the real deal . I , I be just a stupid dick in a wetsuit . int . dave 's bedroom . night . 86 Dave sneak into he room and sit down heavily on the bed . dave ( v.o. ) a stupid dick with a real problem . the superhero duvet - cover , toy and other detritus of Dave 's childhood around the room remind we that he 's just a kid . he pull off he blood - spatter mask , curl up into a ball and start to cry . int . d' amico 's penthouse - kitchen . day . 87 a grim - face Big Joe sit with Frank , the huge goon nearby . frank let I get this straight : 8 of my guy be dead , and we have no merchandise on the street at all . big joe no , 8 last night . 15 altogether . and six more miss . frank okay . I want everyone on this . the Russians want a war ? then a fuck war be what they be gonna get . big joe frankie ... I do not think it 's the Russians . take a look at this : he hold he hand out and the goon pass he a blood-stain cellphone . he wipe it with he sleeve and give it to Frank . 88 50 . big joe ( cont ’d ) sal 's phone . it be in he hand . on the phone 's screen : a blurred image of a large costume figure - who we might recognise as Big daddy - vaulting out of a open window . big joe ( cont ’d ) I know this sound fuck up ? but we think it 's that guy . that superhero guy from the tv . frank kickass ? one guy ?? if you be right , we be gonna look like the biggest bunch of pussy in New York ! man ... go ahead and look into it . big joe look into it , yeah . okay . just to double check ... you want - frank kickass 's fucking head on a stick ! and I want it yesterday ! int . dave 's bedroom . night . 88 Dave lie in bed , asleep , and gradually we realize that be this be a Pov shot : somebody be creep closer as he doze . Dave 's eye snap open and he leap out of bed , cower . it 's mindy and damon in full hit girl and Big daddy costume . dave I do not say anything , to anyone , I swear ! damon good move . let 's keep it that way . Dave nod like crazy . petrify . mindy hold out a handful of unfamiliar - look SMALL plastic bit . Dave peer at they . mindy know what this be ? all the cartridge shit that come outta you gay taser when you fire it . you do know the police could 'a trace it right back to you if they would find it ? lucky for you , I pick it up . dave I , I ... thanks . 51 . Dave reach out to take the piece from she . damon 's hand shoot out and grab Dave 's wrist before it get anywhere near . with he other hand , he take the piece himself . damon let 's call it insurance . make it easier for I to take you word . see , we like you . but we do not trust you . mindy do not take it personal though . we do not trust anybody . damon I recommend it . ( a beat ) listen , I re-route you ip address for you . find you be way too easy . dave shit ... I have not - God , I owe you . but , you know , I be think of shutting my site down anyway , quit . this be ... insane . I be in way over my head . mindy shame . you have potential . damon you call . but , y’know , we be around if you need we . dave ( humour he ) thanks . that 's really nice of you . damon we do not do nice . but put it this way , there 's a whole lot of people in this town we would rather see accessorize with a toe tag . dave how do I get hold of you ? mindy ( deadpan ) oh just contact the mayor 's office . he have this special signal he shine into the sky ? it 's in the shape of a dick and ball . 52 . damon you need we , put on you site that you be on vacation . we will find you . Dave nod , confuse . damon salute , take mindy by the hand , and climb out of the window . mindy follow , blow a kiss . mindy sweet dream . 89 int . clothing store . day . 89 Dave sit on a pink sofa by a curtain change cubicle . dave ( v.o. ) murder . superhero break into my bedroom . and now Katie deauxma undress three foot away from I . nothing seem real any more . katie ( 0.s. ) ( from behind the curtain ) so , I do not get a mail back from kickass , but it 's be a whole week since I have hear from rasul ? she emerge from behind the curtain in a absurdly sexy dress . she do a little twirl in front of the mirror . katie ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? dave ..- awesome . just ... wow. katie shit , can you totally see my nipple ? dave uh ... no. a bit ? be that bad ? she throw a few pose in the mirror , frown . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) be Katie 's gay best friend suck and rock in equal measure . somehow , I mostly manage not to get a boner ... Katie stick she hand into she top , assess the transparency of the fabric . 90 91 53 . katie oh hey , I read that old ditko spiderman you give I ? they be actually pretty good . dave ( v.o. ) ... but there 's only so much control aman can have in the presence of perfection . he grab a cushion from beside he and place it on he lap . int . d' amico 's penthouse - study . day . 90 Frank be on the phone , with Big Joe at he side . frank I need you to get rid of kickass . int . police department . day . 91 in he office , detective VIC gigante , 5as , cradle the phone in he sweaty neck as he chow down on chinese takeout . we now intercut between the two man . gigante what 's up ? frank kickass be kill my man , that 's what 's up , gigante . gigante my condolence . no can do , though . outside my remit . frank outside you remit ?? you be a fuck cop and he 's break the law ! that 's so inside you remit it 's ball - deep in you remit 's ass ! gigante listen : the cop pay I to nail the bad guy . you pay I not to . everything else be a grey area . there 's no evidence on kickass , and trust I , folk here be not ina hurry to find any . he 's just do what a lot of ‘em would like to do . frank fuck you very much , Vic . just do it , okay ? 92 93 54 . gigante frankie - Frank pick up a frame photo on he desk . we can not see it . frank Boy , you sure look good in that picture I have of you down in Tijuana last year . maybe I should put it on Facebook . you think ? Frank slam the phone down , check the time and turn to Joe . frank ( cont 'd ) where the hell be dimitri ? ext . junkyard . night . 92 damon and mindy , in Big daddy and hit girl costume , be upside down . it soon become apparent that this be the Pov of dimitri , 30 . he 's strapped into a seat in a upside down car . damon thank you , dimitri . we appreciate you cooperation . dimitri let I out now . let I down . ( off they silence ) I give you all they name and address . ( more silence ) I will not say nothing to nobody . we pull back to see that the car be inside a crusher . mindy smile and hit a button . the crusher grind into action . momentarily , a small metal cube land at she foot . mindy what a fuck douche . int . police department . day . 93 gigante have call a group of cop into he office . all sit around , stare into space , largely disinterested , except : detective Marcus Williams . the cop we see tailing mindy . gigante look , I get that you all like he . I be just say we give hima friendly reminder that we do not encourage the public to take the law into they own hand . 94 95 55 . marcus this be not about we like he , gigante . it 's about have better thing to do than hunt down some guy who rough up a few gang - banger . gigante ah. detective Williams . why be I not surprised by you lack of co - operation ? marcus I will keep a eye out . but trust I , we have bigger burger to barbecue . gigante then you better get you damn apron on , Marcus . dismiss . all of you . int . damon and mindy 's place . day . 94 there 's nobody here . suddenly , the lock on the door fly out and onto the floor . detective Marcus walk in . he inspect the apartment , stop at the wall . where before we see the row of comic-book style portrait be now a huge pyramid arrangement of picture . the lower one - all the gangster damon and mindy have kill , include rasul - have red cross through they . the higher one be as - yet unmark . at the very top be Frank . Marcus keep walk , note the huge stash of weapon . he open drawer and rifle through they content . he pick up what appear to be a home - make comic , and begin to read ... animated comic book sequence . 95 - we linger on the first panel , static . two cop - a black guy and a white guy bear more than a pass resemblance to damon and Marcus himself - stand side - by-side , beam proudly . in front of they , a photographer snap a shot . - in the next panel , also static , we see the shot , capture in black and white on the cover of a newspaper . the headline above it read : local super -cop team lead the war on drug . - we whip to the third panel , still static , to see the white cop - definitely damon - about to get into he cop car when a_ hand tap he on the shoulder . - now the artwork come to life in animation as we see damon turn around to see a man who be unmistakably Frank . he have a oleaginous smile and a huge fistful of money . 56 . - a think - bubble spring from damon 's head , contain a image of himself and a pretty , heavily - pregnant woman , stand together in front of a dingy apartment block . the image magically change to show the two wear new , upscale clothes , stand outside a beautiful mansion . - the think bubble burst , and we pan back down to damon , shaking he head and hold up he hand to refuse the money . - Frank , red-face , hand in angry fist , smoke come from he head . suddenly a light - bulb appear overhead . he grin . - damon and he pregnant wife watch tv . suddenly , a huge team of cop burst in ! the cop tear through the apartment until one - whom we recognise as gigante - produce two huge bag of white powder . damon and he wife react in shock . - a establish image of jail house gate . - in a prison cell , damon sit , he head in he hand . - outside the jail , a sad Marcus put a comforting arm around damon 's now - even-more- heavily - pregnant wife , who be cry . - in he penthouse , Frank laugh maniacally . - in a female hand , we see a envelope mark '' bill '' . it be toss into the air and we follow it as it land atop a colossal tower of other bill . we pan down to find damon 's pregnant wife sit in its shadow , weep . - Marcus enter damon 's place , look concerned . his look turn to horror as he see : damon 's wife lie on the ground , a bottle of pill in she hand , pill scattered about . - a ambulance streak across the frame , siren blaring . - a doctor lift a newborn baby into view ... but we pan down to see another doctor , mournfully draw a sheet over the peaceful face of damon 's wife . she 's dead . - the first doctor hand the smile baby to Marcus . - Marcus and the baby - now in a little pink dress , a bow in she hair - sit in a prison visit room , the baby wave to a sad -face damon . - in a sunny playground , Marcus play happily with the baby , now a pretty little toddler , become recognizably mindy . - in the jail , damon work out aggressively , transform from a regular guy into the Big daddy we now know , acquire a moustache and a psychotic look in he eye along the way . - a comic book caption say : four year later ... outside the jail - house gate , Marcus hand mindy - now look about four year old - over to damon , and she wave goodbye to Marcus . 96 57 . - the sky darken . all around they we see the squalor of a run-down , crime - ride neighbourhood . and loom over they , fill the horizon , be the giant demonic face of Frank . - Close on damon 's big hand . mindy put she little hand in he . pull back to see they be now in costume : hit girl and Big daddy . ready to fight back . the image freeze and we pull back again to see ... int . damon and mindy 's place . day . 96 .-+.- the comic book in Marcus 's hand . he jump as he hear : damon how do you find I ? marcus one of we be still a cop , remember ? damon so go ahead , Marcus . arrest I . Marcus gesture at the comic and the wall of portrait . marcus this how you brainwash mindy ? damon you say brainwash . I say make it into a game . marcus this you idea of play , damon ? vigilante justice ? mass murder ? ( a beat ) where be she ? damon I send she onto the roof when I see someone have bust the lock . marcus I want to see she . I ... I miss she , damon . I miss you both . damon I appreciate you concern . but you need to go now . Marcus look down to see : damon have a gun levell at he . Marcus shake he head sadly . marcus please , hear I out first : that asshole gigante be look for kickass . I need to warn you . 58 . damon kickass ? marcus yeah . he anything to do with you ? you get some kinda fuck - up superhero club go or something ? damon hardly know the guy . marcus well , I want to give you a head up . you carry on like you have be do and it 's only a matter of time before gigante 's look for you , too . he 's be on D ’amico 's payroll ever since you pass up the opportunity , no doubt about it . damon you get proof ? marcus work on it . but nevermind that . Point be , you screw with D ’amico , the cop be gonna be all over you . damon you know I be not gonna stop . not ' till D ’amico and he whole damn operation be toast . marcus ai not gonna bring she back , damon . damon damon 's go , Marcus . damon die when she die . I be Big daddy now . marcus this be no life for mindy , know . you owe that kid a thi tdhood . damon no , I ' will tell you who owe she a childhood : Frank D ’amico . now get the hell out of here . 97 int . d' amico 's limo . day . 97 Frank , fume over he situation , sit tensely in the back seat beside the huge goon . suddenly , he spot something . frank Holy shit ... stop ! 98 59 . the driver comply , and now we see what Frank have : kickass . just walk . the goon pull he gun . Frank stay he hand . frank ( cont 'd ) ( to the driver ) follow that superhero . ( to the heaven ) thank you . the limo crawl along a discreet distance behind kickass as he continue on he way , oblivious , pause only for the occasional high - five from passer by . he take a leave down a quiet side -street . frank ( cont 'd ) oh , you be mine . as the limo corner , Frank leap out and run at kickass . frank ( cont 'd ) hey ! kickass ! kickass spin round to be meet with a perfect round - house kick from Frank . he go down instantly . Frank , utterly out of control , kick he furiously as he lie there , motionless . frank ( cont 'd ) kill my man , huh ?! take my fuck coke ?! a lone onlooker stop and stare in horror at the bizarre sight of a well - dress man lay into a superhero . frank ( cont 'd ) ( to onlooker ) you want some ?! the onlooker run away , as the goon run over , gun in hand . huge goon boss , what the fuck ?! Frank snatch it and shoot the flee onlooker before hold the gun to kickass 's head and pull the trigger . int . katie 's bedroom . night . 98 Katie be on she bed sobbing . katie ...- I just can not believe he 's dead , that 's all . we pull back to find Dave . alive , well and comforting Katie . he put he arm gingerly around she shoulder . 99 60 . dave I know . but , Katie , guy like rasul ... they get mix up in stuff , and ... katie I know , but what if it be my fault ? what if kickass do it ? dave oh my god , you be talk crazy ! Katie , there 's no way ! he probably do not even read you mail yet . Katie throw she arm round Dave and hug he , sobbing into he neck . he hold she , guiltily relishing the opportunity . dave ( cont 'd ) c’mon . do not cry . let 's go out and buy you ... some candy ? and some of that magazine you like where they draw the red circle on the picture if a celebrity have , like , a extra long toe or something . she nod and wipe she nose , look fondly into he eye . katie you be the best , Dave . I hope it 's okay to say this but ... it so suck that you be gay . Dave open he mouth to speak ... but change he mind . int . d' amico 's penthouse - kitchen . day . 99 Frank hold a newspaper up to Big Joe and flick it angrily . frank what kind of fuck child 's entertainer be that ? what kind of kid have ... I mean , a spiderman party , sure , but ... a fuck kickass party !? what , be they do paper plate and fuck napkin at the store now ? unnotice by Frank and Joe , Chris walk in behind they and put a pop-tart in the toaster . big joe Frank , you be scare I . you be lose it . since when do you start get you hand dirty again ? and in public !? 61 . frank since when I ask you fuck to get I kickass , and you do not deliver , that 's when . big joe gimme a break , it 's be a week ! we mail he , we get half we guy out do petty crime as bait , we be busting we ass , here . Frank produce a wrap of coke and empty it onto the table . he begin to chop out a line . big joe ( cont ’d ) the hell be you do ? you be back on the powder now as well ? Frank ignore he and hoover it up , mutter to himself . frank '' mommy , I wanna kickass party '' . Dumb little fuck . CHRIS I know a way you could get he . Frank and Joe swivel round , surprised . frank Chris ! who say you could come in ?! get the hell out ! CHRIS you wanna hear it or not ? reluctantly , Frank nod - go on . Chris try not to betray he thrill at finally be accept into he dad 's world . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) okay , look : you be a superhero . it 's lonely . but who do you trust ? you can not really trust anyone , right ? because either they will find out you secret identity , or - frank ( to Joe , interrupt ) comic book , this kid read , all fuck day long . CHRIS Point be , there 's only one way a superhero would trust a stranger . and ... I could be that stranger . just ... give I a chance . I can do it . I just need a few thing . 62 . frank what ? CHRIS I need this thing . Chris hand Frank a handwritten list . he scan it . frank what be you fuck kid I ? a Shelby mustang ? a ... what be this ? CHRIS it 's all the stuff I 'il need . and you have to fuck somebody over . like , louie , or somebody . big joe louie ?! woah woah woah , Chris -— Frank hold he hand up to Joe , motion for Chris to go on . CHRIS or somebody . but I swear , dad . if you let I do this , it 'il work . 100 int . comicbook store . day . 100 Dave , Todd and marty drink they coffee in the busy store . todd so how be thing go with Katie ? dave oh , just peachy . spend the weekend watch the entire Ugly Betty box set and do pedicure . marty I be tell you , man : longer you leave it , the worse it 's gonna be . dave I know , I know . I be gonna tell she . she just seem so ... happy . it never feel like the right time . marty well , now 's you chance . marty nod to the door : Katie 's just walk in . she run over , plonk herself on Dave 's lap , kiss he on the cheek . katie hey guy . 101 63. the boy mumble they greeting . katie ( cont 'd ) oh my god , do you see on tv this morning ? the new superhero guy ? how cool be that ? dave what ? who ? Katie pull out she iphone , but then spot the store 's tv , which be run the news with the sound mute . she squeal excitedly and wave to the barista . katie oooh , can you please turn it up ? ( to the boy ) check this ! the barista shrug and comply , and everyone in the store turn to watch the screen . on it we see : ext . drug den . day . 101 a indignant , handcuffed man be push into a police van . nearby , other cop swarm industriously . a superhero in a awesome red costume sign autograph for a gather crowd . this be red mist . ( who be - as we will surely guess - Chris . ) reporter ( v.o. ) ..- after the death last week of a local child 's entertainer who be dress as kickass . but it seem that far from be put-off , this individual , who call himself Red mist , decide to take crime fight to a new level , as he action last night prove . cut Red mist , still signing autograph for a clamoring crowd as he talk to the news reporter . CHRIS I guess folk have have enough of live with fear , and uh ... kickass prove that one person can make a difference . if anyone need help , I be gonna be fight crime twenty - — five / eight . and I be just a click away . ( he stare down the lense ) Red mist dot com . cut to a shot of some sushi be pick up with chopstick . 102 103 64 . news announcer up next ... a deadly threat at you dinner table ? why eat sushi could kill you . int . comic store . day . 102 the barista turn the sound down again , and the store break into excited chatter . some kid use they cell to log on to Red mist 's site . in the background we may notice Chris himself . here and love it . dave what do he do ? katie he get , like , some drug dealer ? some most - want guy ? you see ‘em bring out , like , a ton of stuff , the cop be wetting they pants . todd pretty cool . marty yeah . better costume than kickass . katie aw , they be both kinda hot . but he have a better body than kickass . do not you think , Dave ? marty ( try not to laugh ) yeah , whaddya think Dave ? he the kinda guy you have go for ? before Dave can comment , they be all distract by a shout across the room : the mathlete kid be make the '' rock on ! '' corna double hand - gesture to he friend . mathlete ( celebratory rock growl ) Red miiiiist ! he look down and adjust he glass , embarrassed , when he realize that everyone be look at he . int . dave 's bedroom . night . 103 Dave be at he desk , fume . on the monitor : red mist 's site . it 's fabulous . a ticker say - visitors : 5,688,502 . Dave drain a can of soda and throw it , far harder than necessary , into the wastepaper basket under he desk . 104 65 . dave ( v.o. ) apparently Katie be not the only one who think Red mist own . he punch a few key and the kickass website come up . a button say - new mail : 2 . Dave click on it . dave ( cont 'd ) seem like hardly anybody want to talk to kickass any more . Dave open a mail . it 's a advert for a penis enlarger . he open the second ... and lean in , surprised and intrigue . we see a snatch of the mail : ... just tell I a time and place , it ’d be cool to hook up . yours , red mist . ext . alleyway . night . 104 Dave , in he kickass costume , enter the alleyway cautiously . CHRIS ( 0.s. ) kickass . Dave look up to the source of the voice to see Chris , in he Red mist costume , stand iconically on a high wall . dave Red mist . Chris jump down in front of Dave . CHRIS owww . shit . that be higher than it look . dave be you okay ? CHRIS ( clearly in pain ) yep . Chris collect himself and shake Dave 's hand . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I can not believe you be really here . you be my hero , man . you ... inspire I . I mean , no kickass ? no Red mist. seriously . dave wow , I ... really ? 105 66 . CHRIS straight up . and , look , if you ever want I to be , I do not know , you sidekick ... dave you wanna be ... my sidekick ?? CHRIS yeah , I mean , you and I ? together ? would we own or what ? I mean , wanna go fight some crime or something ? dave what , now ? CHRIS why not ? C ’mon , I get a thing I wanna show you . Dave follow he , protest . dave to be honest with you ? I really only fight crime between , like , nine and two weekday , so I be gonna need to get back pretty soon ... they turn the corner to see : a gorgeous mustang . dave ( cont 'd ) sweet !! be that yours ? CHRIS meet the mistmobile . check it out : he open the passenger door and Dave get in . int . the mistmobile . continuous . 105 Chris point to various thing in the car . CHRIS sat-nav . my iphone - so I can check the website for emergency while I be drive around . uh ... Cup holder ... Dave notice a pile of comic scattered in the foot well . Chris produce what appear to be a joint . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) sorry about the mess . smoke ? ( off Dave 's head shake ) I find a lil 's zoot take the edge off when I be on patrol . ( more ) 106 107 108 67 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) go up against a crowd ... it can get pretty scary , do not you find ? ( off Dave 's silence ) something wrong ? dave you be so not how I expect ? Chris shrug , spark up and start the engine . CHRIS seatbelt ? Dave buckle up , still bemuse . Chris hit play on the stereo . Danny elfman music kick in . Chris floor the pedal . int / ext . the mistmobile . continuous . 106 they speed down the street . excite passersby stop and wave . Chris grab he i-phone , hit a key and put it down again . CHRIS so , I get a mail from this chick , say some guy keep follow she home from work . I have the address and stuff . you wanna check it out ? dave sure , why not ? they throw a sharp , screeching leave into a dodgy street . int . warehouse . night . 107 ten goons , armed to the tooth . huge goon talk into he cell . huge goon just get a sms . he 's on he way . int . d' amico 's limo . night . 108 Frank 's in the back on he cell , beside Joe . frank do not kill he ' till I get there . he hang up and pocket the phone . big joe look like read all they comic pay off , huh ? you boy do good . frank he 's he father 's son . 109 112 68. int . the mist mobile . night . 109 the superhero drive to the suitably heroic music , the scene undermine only slightly by the interruption of the Sat - nav . sat - nav lady ( v.o. ) in 100 yard , turn leave . int . d' amico 's limo . night 110 Frank grin to himself as he load he gun . int . the mist mobile . night . 111 we superhero screech round a corner . sat - nav lady ( v.o. ) destination . destination . Chris stop the car and the two stare out ahead , stunne . CHRIS what ... the ... fuck ???? ext . warehouse . continuous . 112 pull back from the car to see : the warehouse . it 's on fire . the boy swing the door open , climb out and stare some more . sat - nav lady ( v.o. ) destination . destination . dave oh my god . Chris begin to run towards the entrance . dave ( cont 'd ) what be you do ?! CHRIS there be people in there ! dave should not we just call ... oh shit . okay . no choice . Dave run after he . 113 114 69 . int . burning warehouse . continuous . 113 we superhero cough and splutter through the smoke . within moment , Chris have sprint away , lose Dave . Dave enter the main open space , in which he eventually spot the huge goon , lie on the floor , face down , out cold . Dave hoist the man 's arm over he shoulder and , with great difficulty , begin to drag he towards the exit . as the goon begin to slip , Dave give a little tug on he arm . the man 's head tip back to reveal he face : he eye be roll back in he head and he mouth have be cut nearly all the way to the ear on both side . Dave scream , drop he and run . as he continue he nightmarish fight through the flame , Dave now spot one heap of corpse after another : Frank 's henchmen . some shot , other display extensive knife wound . utterly freak out , Dave reach a door ... but it 's jamme . dave Red mist ! Red mist ! overcome by the smoke , Dave slump to the ground . suddenly out of the miasma come : a glove hand . Chris pull Dave up and they run , finally reach the doorway to safety . ext . burning warehouse . continuous . 114 Dave and Chris emerge from the flame , look every inch the authentic superhero , bar the fact that they have not rescue anyone and Chris appear to be hold a burnt teddy bear . a group of bystander have gather . they applaud . dave CHRIS Holy shit , that be ... oh my god . oh my god . fuck . dave do you see all that body ? Chris nod in horror . in the distance , siren . CHRIS we have gotta get out of here . dave ( notice the teddy ) why have you save the teddy ...? CHRIS what ? I do not know . come on . and they jump into the still - open mistmobile and drive off . 70 . int . backstreet near the warehouse . night . 115 Frank climb from he limo and gape in disbelief at the sight greeting he : the warehouse on fire . in the distance : siren . Frank climb unsteadily back in . the limo pull away . int . detective gigante 's house - bedroom . night . 116 gigante lie in bed , sound asleep until he phone ring . gigante gigante ... yeah , I know that warehouse ... so put out a apb . and do not call again until you get ‘em . he hang up and settles down again when he doorbell start to ring persistently . he get up , grab he gun just in case . int . detective gigante 's house - hallway . night . 117 gigante open the door to see : Frank . he 's a total wreck . before gigante can protest , Frank push into the hallway . gigante what be you do here ? frank we gotta talk . gigante what if someone see you come ? frank Chris be dead , Vic . my son . that motherfucker burn down my warehouse and kill my son . gigante shit . I just get a call about kickass ... and the warehouse . Chris be in there ? frank Chris ... most of what be leave of my man ... you gotta help I . gigante okay , listen to I Frank . good news be , there 's a apb out . tonight we nail this superhero fucker to the wall . suddenly , the door bang open and Chris , in he Red mist costume , still hold the teddy , bust in and run at Frank . 71 . frank Holy shit !... gigante go for he gun ... then stare in total alarm as Frank and Red mist hug one another . frank ( cont 'd ) .-.- you be ok ! CHRIS ( cry ) they be all dead , dad . we get there and all the guy be dead . gigante , still confuse , keep the gun levele at Red mist . frank put the fuck gun down , Vic , it 's Chris ! gigante Chris be Red mist ?! frank it 's not Red mist you gotta worry about , it 's kickass ! CHRIS but 's it 's not ! frank what be you talk about ? CHRIS kickass be just some geek ! its not he ! you gotta watch this ! Chris thrust the teddy at they . now they both look confuse . gigante I be watch . frank what 's it gonna do ? CHRIS aw , for fuck 's sake . I mean watch - ( to gigante ) where 's you dvd ? 118 int . gigante 's house - front room . night . 118 Chris fumble around , plugging the dvd cable into the teddy . 120 121 72 . CHRIS you buy this to spy on the nanny when I be a kid , do not you remember ? frank why have you put it in the warehouse ? CHRIS I guess I think it have be kinda cool to put the unmask of kickass on the net , okay ? but look : the tv spring to life , and we see : int . warehouse . night . 119 the same scene we see : 10 armed goons . huge goon on he cell . huge goon just get a sms . he 's on he way . suddenly , damon - in Big daddy costume - appear behind he hold a hunt knife , and slice he face open . a beat , then a full scale fight begin , Big daddy versus the gangster . within moment , most have be shot or cut . int . gigante 's house - front room . night . 120 gigante , Frank and Chris watch the tv , stunne . reflected in they eye , we see the screen , light up now with flame . gigante Jesus ... who be this guy ? CHRIS he 's the real deal . int . dave 's house - kitchen . day . 121 Dave and he dad eat breakfast in silence . dave ( v.o. ) superhero who run into burn building be mean to find pretty lady scream '' save my baby '' . what they be not mean to find be a pile of massacre corpse . father you okay , buddy ? you look tired . get a early night tonight , maybe ? 122 73. dave you bet I will . int . d' amico 's penthouse - kitchen . day . 122 a shaky Chris , school bag over he shoulder , rifle a shelf . Frank slump at the table , in the same suit as last night . CHRIS ( shouting ) Mom ? do we have any tylenol ? Angie , wear a coat , pop she head round the door . angie in my bathroom . frank Angie ! the fuck be you wear a coat ? where ’dya think you be go ? angie the hair salon ? pete no , you be not ! nobody leave this fuck building , you understand ? angie what ? what 's wrong with you ? frank ( to Chris ) and you . put down the goddamn school bag . you be ground . CHRIS ground ? frank nobody come in , nobody go out ! you both get it ? I be serious . I - Big Joe enter before Frank can continue . frank ( cont 'd ) about time ! Security fix ? big joe tighter than a nun 's chooch . frank you watch you mouth in front of my fuck wife and kid ! Angie , Chris and Joe swap nervous look : Frank be lose it . 74 . big joe easy , frankie . you be safe . you get fifteen man here . frank and everybody else ? big joe be out look for this motherfucker . just like you say . 123 int . police department - stairwell . day . 123 Marcus be whisper into he cellphone . marcus they be onto you . 124 int . damon and mindy 's place . day . 124 damon be on he cell , clean he knife as he talk . nearby , mindy read a comic . we intercut between the two man . damon I think they be look for kickass ? marcus not anymore . gigante just put ona little movie show for we . different superhero . in a warehouse rinsing a whole bunch of D ’amico 's guy . I be guess that be you ? damon ..- I kill all the camera . cop apparently not . better get yourself hide , bro . damon appreciate it . he hang up and walk over to the wall with the pyramid of gangster picture . now all but the three topmost picture have red xs draw through they . damon reach to the top for Frank 's picture and rip it from the wall . damon ( cont 'd ) mindy ? Ditch the comic . it 's time for Frank D ’amico to go bye-bye . mindy what , right now ? 125 126 127 128 75 . damon you bet . tool up , honey bunny . damon toss the picture towards she . mindy leap up to reveal that she be wear she utility belt . mindy waaaay ahead of ya . so fast that we barely see the movement , she grab a throwing STAR from the belt and skim it across the room . it catch the picture in mid air and - thunk - pin it to the wall . int . d' amico 's penthouse - hallway . night . 125 - through the open door to the study , we can see Frank lie comatose on he desk . Chris , carry a plastic bag , look in and tiptoe past . he pass Ginger goon and salute he before sneaking out the door . int . d' amico 's apartment block . continuous . 126 Chris leave the apartment and make he way downstairs , ignore the heavily - guard elevator and take the equally - heavily - guard stair down to the underground parking lot . ext . d' amico 's apartment block . continuous . 127 additional goons stand outside . Chris leave on foot via the parking lot entrance , unnotice . across the street we find ... damon and mindy , park up and lie low in they car . int . damon 's car . continuous . 128 mindy press she nose against the glass . mindy daddy , I wanna go home . damon no , babydoll . he 's spook right now . but it 's only be three day . he can not stay in there forever . mindy what if he can ? then what ? damon I do not know , hon . but I do know that if we go in there , we might never come out again . it would be a gamble , mindy baby . 129 76 . mindy think a while . mindy well ... I be all in . damon hug she . damon I be so proud of you . int . the mist mobile . night . 129 Dave sit in the passenger seat beside Chris . both be in full costume . Chris be smoking a joint . dave like I say in my mail , I think I be just ... done with all this . CHRIS I think the same thing after the other night . but it 's kind of ... dave addictive ? CHRIS exactly . maybe we could forget the crime fight . just drive around . in we costume , you know ? dave dude , I really ... I think there 's some mess up shit go on I do not even wanna know about . CHRIS how do you mean ? dave like ... I , I think I might know who kill that people at the warehouse . I think they be on we side . but it 's major- league shit . I do not wanna ... get mix up in it . CHRIS '' they '' ? like more than one person ? dave I do not even wanna talk about it . I be serious . I can not say anything . CHRIS kickass , you gotta tell I . 77 . they pull up at a red light , and another car pull up alongside , drive by two hot chick . who notice they immediately . Chris notice they back . Dave remain oblivious . dave look man , I just can not . Chris elbow he and indicate the girl . the blonde in the passenger seat roll down she window . Chris follow suit . blonde o.m.f.g . be it seriously you ? CHRIS Red mist . at you service . and this be , as I be sure you know , kickass . the brunette driver crane for a better look and both giggle . blonde so what 's go on ? brunette we fuck love you guy , man . the light change and Chris pull over . the girl pull up behind and get out , whisper to each other . dave what be you do ?! CHRIS lady . wanna ride in the mistmobile ? blonde that 's not all I wanna ride . Chris climb into the back seat . the blonde follow he . the brunette get into the driver 's seat . Dave wave at she awkwardly . in the back , the blonde be down to she bra . brunette oh my god , this be so weird ? I and jess be just say last night how superhero be so fuck horny ? and now , like , we just see you guy out ? dave uh ... wow . that be a coincidence . imagine that . she giggle , climb onto he lap and whisper in he ear . 130 78 . brunette I want you so bad right now . Dave 's eye widen . before he can speak , she silence he with a kiss . meanwhile , the blonde try to remove Chris 's mask . CHRIS uh-uh , baby . the mask stay on . ( a beat ) but the pants , knock yourself out . the blonde lean over to comply . Chris grin . meanwhile , in the front , Dave pull away from the brunette . dave I be ... I be really sorry . I be sure you be a lovely girl and , and , do not get I wrong , I honestly think you be ... so pretty and everything . but ... I have get to go . Dave push the girl off as politely as he can and get out of the car . the girl shrug and climb into the back seat with she friend and the now ecstatic Chris instead . and Dave hurry purposefully away down the street . int . d' amico 's penthouse - study . night . 130 Frank be freaking out . Ginger goon cower nervously . frank I be aware he 's not here . what I wanna know be where the fuck he be ! Frank throw a empty bottle of whisky at the goon . he dodge , and it shatter against the wall . ginger goon woah . take it easy ! frank the next fucker who tell I to take it easy die . ginger goon boss , I be ... I be sorry about you son , but all they say be make sure nobody get in . I do not know we have to stop yer family gettin’ out . frank why be you still here ? just go fucking find he ! 131 79 . Big Joe walk in at the end of this tirade . big joe woah woah woah . Frank . take it easy . wrong move . Frank grab Joe and throw he over he shoulder . Joe stagger to he foot . Frank strike again with a lethal karate blow to the throat . this time , Joe do not get up . Frank sit down at he desk . the goon rush to check on Joe . ginger goon shit ... he 's ... dead . frank what be you ? a fuck doctor ? and with that , he shoot the goon in the head . int . katie 's bedroom . night . 131 Katie sit at she dress table in nightclothes , brush she hair . her music be play too loudly for she to hear : Dave , outside the window - still in he kickass costume - perch on the ledge and struggle to open the sash . once in , he lean against the dresser , as coolly and sexily as he possibly can . dave hi. I be kickass . you mail I ? Katie carry on brush she hair . she have not hear he . dave ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) hi! I be - Katie leap up , scream hysterically . dave ( cont 'd ) shhh ! shhh ! it 's just I ! kickass ! katie get away from I !! she grab a bottle of body mist from the dresser and spray it into he eye . Dave crumple , clutching he face . Katie toss the spray , grab a tennis racquet and lay into he . dave stop ! please ! Katie ! I be not gonna hurt you ! I really be kickass ! 80 . katie I do not care ! Fucking freak in a mask !? break into my house ?! at the same time , they both spot : a baseball bat . dave Katie , no ! they both lunge for it ... dave ( cont 'd ) shit ! but Katie get there first , trip over the cable for she stereo as she do so , silencing the music . she pull back for a big swing at Dave . no choice : Dave pull off he mask . dave ( cont 'd ) it 's I ! slowly , in disbelief , Katie lower the bat . katie Dave ?! what be you do ? why be you dress as kickass ? dave because I be kickass . and I be also not gay . and I have be a idiot , and a shit friend , and I have lie to you , and if it make you feel any better , I do not think you could hate I any more right now than I hate myself . I be just ... really , really sorry . I have never meet anybody who be as beautiful and kind , and ... and ... lovely as you . and you deserve better . Katie stare at he as he walk towards the door to leave . katie Dave ... dave ( hopeful ) yes ? katie my mom set the burglar alarm downstairs . you should probably use the window . dave oh. 132 81 . he turn despondently and start towards the window . he 's just about to climb out when ... katie or ... ( a beat ) you could just stay . dave really ? she nod and sit down on the bed . he walk over uncertainly . dave ( cont 'd ) stay ... like when we have a sleepover ? she shake she head slowly , with a little smile . he sit down beside she and they kiss . sweetly at first , and then with a violent intensity that surprise they both . int . d' amico 's penthouse - corridor . dawn . 132 Chris grin as he do up he jeans . he stuff he costume into the plastic bag as he sneak back towards he room . at the study , he glance in to see : two corpse . and Frank make Jack nicholson in the shine look like Mary poppin . frank so . you wanna explain what part of '' ground '' you find confusing ? CHRIS what ... happen ?! ( notice Joe ) oh my god ... Joe ? frank nobody come in . nobody go out . it could not have be more fuck simple to understand . CHRIS you do this because of I ? Frank look away . Chris , touch , can not suppress a smile . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I think I know how to find this guy , dad . if we get he , everything will be like , okay again , will not it ? we can fix thing together . Frank open he arm and Chris walk over . and they hug . 133 134 82. int . damon and mindy 's place . day . 133 damon and mindy be surround by crate , box , diagram and blueprint . both have laptop open . on damon 's : link to the cctv camera in D ’amico 's building . we can not see mindy 's . damon ai not no man in the whole of Manhattan with bigger cojone than you , mindy baby . you know that ? but mindy be engross in something on the computer . mindy daddy , I think I find one . it 's perfect . and they can deliver in three day ... but it 's three hundred thousand buck . damon can you think of anything else you would rather spend it on ? mindy giggle . damon look at she laptop screen in awe . damon ( cont 'd ) damn , that 's cool ! int . comic book store . day . 134 Dave sit with Todd and marty . Katie sit on Dave 's lap . todd out of kickass and Red mist , who do you think would win in a fight ? katie no idea . but kickass be definitely cuter . dave you think ? katie uh-huh . kickass be smokin’ . I , for one , would definitely fuck he brain out if I get the chance . Todd and marty look take -aback by the newly raunchy Katie . dave you would ? katie definitely . 83 . Dave and Katie look at one another hungrily . dave do you ... uh , fancy check out that new kate Hudson movie where she 's a shoe designer who can not get a guy ? I think we can make the next show if we leave right now . katie Hell yeah . they leave , arm around each other . Todd and marty exchange confuse look , then go back to read they comic . 135 int . alleyway . day . 135 Dave and Katie be at it , urgently , up against the wall . dave ( v.o . ) comic-book rock . jerk off rock . and be a superhero own . but this ... there be nothing - absolutely nothing - in the whole wide world that come close to be better than this . 136 int . dave 's house . night . 136 Dave and he dad be eat dinner together . mr . lizewski no Katie tonight ? dave tomorrow . wednesday she do one of she volunteer thing . mr . lizewski you seem like a different guy , you know that ? you mom would have be so happy to see you out of you shell like this . 137 int . dave 's bedroom . night . 137 Dave be halfheartedly play World of warcraft . dave ( v.o. ) Katie worried about I get hurt , so I promise she my kickass day be over . and the truth be , I hardly miss it at all . ( more ) 138 139 140 84 . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I realise I have not even check the web site for , like , a week . Dave minimize the screen and log on to the kickass page . the button say : new mail : 45 . Dave skim through the list of mail without read any until he see one from red mist . ext . dave 's apartment . night . 138 Mr lizewski , in uniform for he shift , get into he car and drive away . second later , the door open again to reveal : Dave . wheeling he bike ; wear a duffle- coat over he kickass costume , and no mask . he 's just about to climb on when he cell ring . dave hey baby . int . needle exchange . night . 139 Katie be behind a reception desk in a wait room crowded with junkies . Katie listen intently , she face clouding over . katie ... where ? what kind of a thing ? I think you be do with that ? we now intercut between Katie and Dave . dave this be the last time . I totally swear ... well , I wish you would not worry . katie I can not help it . I do . because I ... ( be she gonna say it ? ) .«.. Care about you . a lot . in the alley , Dave can not control he giant smile . dave I ... care about you a lot , too . ext . wharfside . night . 140 the mistmobile be park in a desert lay - by near the river . Dave ride up , hop off he bike and put on he mask as he approach . Chris , in full Red mist costume , open the door . 85 . 141 int . the mist mobile . continuous . 141 Dave slide into the passenger seat - coat still on . dave serious and urgent have better mean serious and urgent , dude . I promise my girlfriend I be through with all this . CHRIS how about we both be fuck dead ? that serious enough for ya ? dave Dead how ? CHRIS like how it turn out that dead guy have some bad mother - fucker for friend , and they think we do it . there 's a price on we head . dave a price on we head ? what be this , the wild west ? CHRIS I be not mess with you , man . they find out where I live . they trash my place . I be fuck . and you will be next . that guy you mention ... the guy you think do it ? you say you figure he be on we side . you think he can help ? Dave think . sigh . then use he cell to get the kickass web page . Chris watch as Dave key in : kickass be on vacation . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) that 's you plan ?! like they be gonna go '' aw shoot , he 's on vacation , let 's just forget it then '' ?! what the fuck !? dave dude ... calm down . 142 int . damon and mindy 's place . night . 142 mindy be on she laptop . damon study a open pack crate . mindy if I do not know you better , daddy , I would say you be just look at that thing for the hell of it now . 143 144 145 86 . damon ( laugh ) just check it one more time . you gotta admit , it 's pretty cool . from the laptop , a electronic alert sound . damon look up . damon ( cont 'd ) kickass ? mindy I think ... yep ... look like he just trigger the emergency protocol you set up . damon tell he to go to safehouse B. we will meet he there . int . the mist mobile . night . 143 Chris study the screen on Dave 's phone . dave do you know where that be ? CHRIS I will put it in the sat-nav . Chris look anxiously over he shoulder and start the car . int . safehouse - corridor . night . 144 the run-down corridor of a faceless apartment block . Chris and Dave ( still wear he duffle - coat ) ring a doorbell . int . safehouse . night . 145 the door swing open and Dave and Chris step in to be greet by damon , in he Big daddy costume . damon well , here you be . and Red mist , too . pleasure to meet you . ( extend he hand ) Big daddy . Chris and damon shake hand , and the boy follow damon into the main room , where mindy sit on the sill of the open window , look out . she turn back , a little concerned . mindy daddy ... 146 87 . damon manners , honey . obediently , mindy hop off the window sill . mindy sorry. ( extend she hand ) I be hit girl . she extend she hand but , before she can even walk over , before we even realize what 's happen , Chris have pull a gun . he shoot mindy three time - bam bam bam - and she tumble backwards , out of the window . hit girl be no more . Dave freeze in shock ; damon give a animal howl of horror . and now Chris hold the gun shakily to damon 's head . CHRIS do not move , motherfucker . the door behind they be kick open and EIGHT goons rush in . two grab damon , two grab kickass and within second they be both on the ground , cuffed and gag . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) no , not kickass ! he 's with I ! sporty goon forget it , kid . I do not follow order from no one but you daddy . this guy be go with I , and you be go home with he . he indicate scary goon , who seize Chris by the arm . and they be out of the door with damon , Dave and Chris in tow . CHRIS shit ! no ! the scary goon hold he back as the other hustle on ahead . ext . safehouse . night . 146 the goons bundle damon and Dave into the back of a van . nearby , scary goon push a fight Chris towards a limo . see Dave in the van , Chris shout over to he , distraught . CHRIS I do not mean for this to happen , I swear ! ( to scary goon ) let I go with they , I have to tell they not to hurt kickass ! 88 . scary goon just get in the goddamn car or you dad be gonna hurt both of we ! Chris struggle as scary try to push he into the backseat of the limo . in the scuffle , Chris 's mask come off . we see Dave 's reaction . then sporty slam the van door shut . 147 ext . burnt -out warehouse . night . 147 damon and Dave be tie to chair in the eerily char warehouse . the former calm . the latter sobbing . there be plastic sheeting on the floor , and hang behind they . in front of they be a dv camera on a tripod . nearby , baby goon hand out super -villain mask . sporty goon look at he in disgust . sporty goon the fuck be this ? I mean , like balaclavas or something ! baby goon I just think this would be fun . sporty goon fun ?! baby goon you know , they be like superhero , so we could be - sporty goon just get I some fuck balaclavas ! or anything ! now ! baby goon can I still wear mine ? 148 int . penthouse - study . night . 148 Chris be here , also on the verge of tear . CHRIS we have a deal , dad . we have a fuck deal that I have get you the guy who do it . all I be ask be to let kickass go ! he do not do anything wrong ! 149 150 151 89 . frank Chris , you gotta look at it my way : I wanna send out a little public service message to warn the people out there that be a superhero be hazardous to you health . and the big motherfucker ? nobody 's ever hear of he . for all Joe schmo on the street know , he 's not even a real superhero . CHRIS but that 's not fair ! frank life 's not fair , kid . get over it . CHRIS what be you gonna do to they ? frank shut up and watch . he indicate he computer screen . on it be a digital clock , count backwards from 5 minute . and a graphic say : kickass be retiring ! he final appearance - live . we pull back to find ... int . tv news studio . night . 149 ... that the graphic be now on a monitor behind a news anchor . anchor ... the exact nature of the broadcast , but as word - of- mouth continue to spread , internet provider be predict that it could be the most - widely view live event in web history . we pull back from the news studio to find ... int . comic store . night . 150 ..- it be play on the tv in the comic store . Todd , marty , the other kid and store employee be crowded round in rapt anticipation . many be logge onto the site on they phone . int . police department . night . 151 a large number of cop , include Marcus and gigante , be gather around the tv and computer , curious . 152 153 154 155 156 90 . int . needle exchange . night . 152 Katie sit behind the reception , look at the site on a computer , a little uneasy . nearby a tv run the news , watch by the wait junky , except that who be nodd out . on the screen : the countdown reach zero . the graphic be replace by a live feed . kickass and Big daddy , captive . Katie let out a shriek of pure distress . int . comic store . night . 153 as one , the kid and store employee react in abject shock . int . warehouse . night . 154 the goons crowd menacingly around they captive . all in balaclavas except baby , who wear the supervillain mask . sporty step forward and address the camera . sporty goon uh ... I think y’all know who this guy be . and this guy here , he name be Big daddy . and what kickass and Big daddy be gonna demonstrate today , kid , be why try to be a hero be a bad idea . the goons , armed with bat and blunt weapon , move in . int . police department . night . 155 as one , the crowd of cop wince . Marcus react in dismay . news anchor ( 0.s. ) +..- mean we be unable to continue broadcasting this image ... int . comic store . night . 156 the kid be glue in stark horror . some unable to look , most unable to look away . a few of the girl start cry . news anchor ( 0.s. ) ... and that who be logge on to the site be strongly advise ... mathlete woah ! cool ! the crowd bay at he to shut up . 157 158 159 gl . int . d' amico 's penthouse - study . night . 157 Chris get up in disgust and walk out , slamm the door . CHRIS I hate you ! int . needle exchange . night . 158 Katie , she face streak with tear and eye-makeup , lean over the desk and scream at the junky . katie please ! someone just turn it off ! news anchor ( 0.s. ) ... appear the fantasy story that capture America 's imagination may have what look to be a tragic end . int . warehouse . night . 159 sporty goon hold up he hand for the other to stop the beat . Dave and damon slump forward , breathe unevenly . dave ( v.o. ) even with my metal plate and my fuck up nerve ending , I have gotta tell ya : that hurt . sporty goon gentlemen ? time to die . he produce a can of gasoline , and begin to douse they . dave ( v.o. ) but not half as much as the idea of leave everything behind . Katie . my dad . Todd and marty . and all the thing I have never do . like learn to drive . or see what I and Katie 's kid would look like . or find out what happen in lose . sporty produce a zippo and flick it open . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and if you be reassure yourself that I be gonna make it through this since I be talk to you now , quit be such a smart ass . Hell dude . you never see Sin City ? sunset boulevard ? american beauty ? 160 161 162 92 . ext . warehouse roof . night . 160 Close on three bullet hole . a little finger poke they . we pull back to find : mindy . the top of she costume hike up so she can examine she kevlar vest . she shrug , pull she costume back down and reach round to the back of she utility belt . she produce a small package . on it be write : for emergencies only . she tear it open . she pull out a piece of paper that read : if anything happens to I , call marcus . 212 555 7407 then she pull out : a syringe . she plunge it into she arm . Close on mindy 's eye . her pupil dilate , a black vortex . she put on a pair of night vision goggle and - like a small colorful , deadly tornado - she leap down from the roof . int . warehouse . continuous . 161 the zippo lighter touch damon . at once he 's in flame . a small hand hit a light switch . and everything go black . dimly light by the scream damon , alight , we can see the goons look to one another in puzzlement . second later , hit girl be all over they . we cut between she night-vision Pov and the eerily beautiful darkness illuminate by she burn father as , one by one , she slice and dice the hood into submission . she 's take a few hit , sure , but she appear to be utterly oblivious to they . last man down , mindy run to damon and beat out the flame . all be black now . we hear footstep as she run to the light . on a computer screen : the dark image of the room light up . the tripod must have be knock during the fight , so what we see now be several dead goons and , in the corner of the frame , a shocked - but very alive - kickass . int . warehouse . continuous . 162 mindy pull a gun from she belt and level it at the camera . mindy show 's over , motherfucker . bam . it explode into piece . 163 164 165 166 167 168 93. int . comic book store . night . 163 on several dozen phone screen , the image go black . the store erupt in celebration . what the hell just happen ? int . police department . night . 164 confusion and noise . gigante and Marcus both look shaky . news anchor ( 0.s . ) ... exactly what happen , but it would seem that kickass , at least , be alive . int . d' amico 's penthouse - study . night . 165 Frank stare at the tv , catatonic with incredulity . int . needle exchange . night . 166 Katie react with near-hysterical relief . in sharp contrast to the junky , who continue to stare impassively . int . warehouse . night . 167 blink in the light , mindy run to damon . but as she step slow and she face fall , we surmise that the sight greeting she be not good . and we be right : we need no medical degree to make a grim prognosis for the thoroughly fry damon . damon so proud of you , baby . I love you . he close he eye . his eyelid be the only thing that be not burn . mindy plant a gentle kiss on one of they . mindy I love you too daddy . sleep tight . and he 's go . her face set in a brave show of stoicism , mindy move briskly to the traumatise Dave and unty he . mindy ( cont 'd ) let 's get the hell outta here . ext . damon 's car . night . 168 mindy and Dave arrive at the car . Dave have remove he mask . dave I ... I can not drive . 94 . mindy I can . get in . 169 int . damon' car . night . 169 the two drive through Manhattan , batter and shell - shocked . mindy can barely see over the wheel . dave what 's you name ? I mean , you real name . mindy a superhero never reveal he true identity . dave look , you can not ... however you live before ... it 's over . be there anybody else ? any other family , or ? mindy fuck you ! I can take care of myself . I save you sorry ass ! dave but I mean , what about money ? you have get to think long - term - mindy I have get three million dollar ina fuck suitcase ! that long - term enough for ya ? just leave I alone . dave I be not go anywhere ' till i know you be okay . I owe you . if it be not for you , I would be dead . mindy and if it be not for you , my dad would not be . dave ( a painful beat ) .-..- and I owe it to he to look after you . he would not have want you to be on you own . 170 int . damon and mindy 's place . night . 170 the door open into the dark . mindy hit the light . 171 172 95 . the first thing they see , pin to the wall , be the hit girl and Big daddy picture that damon do for mindy 's birthday . they both stare at it . a sad , awkward moment . Dave , hold marcus 's number , break the silence . dave we should call this number you dad give you . mindy not now . i’1l do it later , okay ? dave ok ... look , pack up whatever you need . and we will go to my place . I will figure out something to tell my dad when he get back from he night shift . I need to clean up ? int . damon and mindy 's place - bathroom . night . 171 it 's grimy . Dave rinse the blood from he face and hair . int . damon and mindy 's place . night . 172 like a tiny rambo , mindy begin to tool up , weigh up rifle and handggun , sharpen knive with a water stone . we intercut between she and Dave 's clean up until finally Dave walk out of the bathroom to find mindy fully tool up , and shove additional weapon into a overnight bag . dave woah . I mean , like pyjamas and stuff . and clothes . you can not ... mindy you know what my dad would have want ? he would have want I to finish what we start . and that 's what I be gonna do . you can try and stop I . or live . you choice . Dave look around . blueprint and plan . cctv feed on the laptop . picture of Frank , pin to the wall by a shuriken . dave Frank d’amico ? mindy you know he ? dave I know who he be . 96 . mindy my dad say Jersey City use to be a real nice safe place to raise a family . then d’amico start up he little business enterprise . flooded the street with cheap drug . armed the gang . buy - off the cop . Dave squint at the cctv footage on the laptop , then look over at the plan again . mindy continue to assemble a gun . dave this be he place ? all this security ? I do not even see - mindy let he go , the whole thing start up again . New guy . New supplies . all we hard work , waste . dave I know , but this plan of yours . even if there be ten of you - mindy my mom already die for nothing . I be not gonna let my dad die for nothing too . dave you can not do this on you own . it 's suicide . mindy exactly . you wanna deal with owe my dad ? then shut the fuck up and pick you weapon . mindy open the big crate . Dave gape at its content . dave that what I think it be ? mindy damn straight . better start read the instruction , cos you be gonna be use it in about five minute . Dave pick up he duffle coat and he mask . he look at both . then he put on he coat and shove the mask in the pocket . he shake he head at she sadly . dave I would do anything to bring you dad back , if I could . anything . but nothing will . and if I ... ( more ) 97 . dave ( cont 'd ) there be people back home who ... hit girl , I be so sorry . I can not do this . mindy some fuck superhero . he shrug helplessly , nothing he can say . she watch he go . the camera track in to the laptop show the CC tv feed . we pull out again and find ... 173 int . d' amico 's penthouse - livingroom . night . 173 ..+.- the bodyguard - the one we first see with Chris at the comic store - watch the same image on D ’amico 's monitor . suddenly , the screen go dead . he react . what the fuck ?! 174 int . d' amico 's apartment block - lobby . night . 174 posh goon and another goon , on guard , look confuse as mindy - innocent in she street clothes - stumble in , cry . posh goon hey ? what 's the matter ? mindy I lose my mommy and daddy . another hood step forward and offer he cell . another goon you wanna use the phone ? you know you phone number ? 175 ext . roof top . night . 175 Dave stand on a rooftop , gaze out towards the Manhattan skyline . no mask . but no duffle- coat either . dave ( v.o. ) have I ever be a real superhero ? the most I would ever have to offer the world be good intention and a slightly elevate capacity to take a kick . ( a beat ) with no power come no responsibility . ( another ) except ... that be not true . Dave pull on he mask . and he start to run . 176 177 178 179 180 98. faster and faster . towards the edge of the building . he reach the edge ... and this time , he do not stop . he jump . there be no way he 's go to make it to the next rooftop , no way anyone could make this jump . Dave begin to lose momentum . he start to drop ... ..- until the jet pack on he back kick in . Dave swoops upwards . he 's fly . Dave soar . over the water . across New York . it 's beautiful . from the street and window people gawp in delight . int . d' amico 's penthouse - lobby . night . 176 mindy unleash hell as she waste the goons in the lobby . we intercut between she fight and Dave 's flight . int . d' amico 's penthouse - elevator . night . 177 mindy - still in she street clothes - push the button for the penthouse and catch she breath . the door close - then jam . she look down to see that it be block by the body of posh goon . she boot he out of the way and the door shut . int . d' amico 's penthouse - hallway . night . 178 the elevator door slide open to reveal : mindy in she hit girl costume and utility belt . ready to play . ext . d' amico 's apartment block . night . 179 Dave be here . swoop up the side of the building . int . d' amico 's penthouse - hallway . night . 180 the two goons guard either side of the elevator be down . but EIGHT more rush down the corridor towards mindy . she do not move , but with jaw - drop precision , employ the content of she utility belt . throwing star , knive and grenade whistle through the air , take down six hood in quick succession . a machete spin down the length of the corridor , neatly decapitate a seventh . the eighth look behind he in dismay as he keep run towards mindy , to discover that he 's now alone . when he turn back , mindy 1s right there in front of he , a small crossbow to he forehead . she grin and delicately let it go . thwack . 181 99 . int . d' amico 's penthouse . continuous . 181 mindy 's inside the apartment now , and yet more goons be down , but two remain - scary goon , and the bodyguard , also armed . they open fire . she 's leaping around , absorb the hit in she bulletproof vest , until she trip and fall . scary goon aim at she head ... but he 's out of ammo . scary goon in the head ! she 's wear a fuck vest ! the bodyguard raise he gun ... but before he can shoot , there 's a almighty smash from behind they as the glass conservatory lead to the roof terrace explode in a shower of glass to reveal : Dave come in to land , open fire with a machine gun in each hand . the recoil send he tumble onto he back on the terrace . but he keep shoot . the bodyguard and scary have barely have a chance to turn and register before they get it in the back and go down cold . mindy 's smile light up . Dave smile back . mindy limp over . mindy gimme the gun ? dave we be out of bullet ! mindy ( sniggering ) round . ok . only one to go , anyway . she run towards the corridor . Dave throw down the now - useless gun and follow she . mindy reach the first door , kick it in . it 's a bedroom . we see Angie , cower in a corner . mindy take a step in when , outside , we hear siren . her face fall . mindy ( cont 'd ) you call the cop . dave I call the number . you dad 's friend . told he to meet we . he - mindy he be the fuck cop . in a hurry now , mindy turn she back on Angie and run on to the next door , Dave racing to catch up . she kick it open . it 's Frank 's study . the motherlode . 182 100 . int . d' amico 's penthouse - study . continuous . 182 a beat , as Frank stand in the middle of the trash study and stare at mindy . Dave catch up just in time to see mindy fly at he . mindy you be so dead , you cocksucker . with he martial art skill , Frank be a alarmingly even match for mindy . Dave watch , freeze . this could go either way . Dave move to help , but find himself hold back by : Chris . still in he Red mist costume , though without the mask . behind Dave , force he into a arm-lock . now we have two fight go on - mindy versus . Frank and Dave vs. Chris . the former a spectacular display of fight prowess , the second essentially a messy scrap between two frighten kid in superhero costume . just as it look like mindy be a goner , she regains the upper - hand with breath - take aplomb and send Frank crash through the window , down 70 storey to he death . Chris stop fight and howl in horror . mindy ( cont 'd ) ( to Chris ) you turn . CHRIS no , wait please , I never ... please do not hurt I . I be just a kid . mindy so be I , and you fuck shot I ! dave Chris , you do not have to be like you dad . you have a choice , you - CHRIS how do you know my name ?! before Dave can answer , mindy have a knife to Chris 's throat . mindy enough with the touchy - feely bull - shit already . dave no! wait ! do not ! it 's not this that stop she , however , but the cop . a sizeable team of they , crash in towards they , armed . 183 184 101 . first cop freeze ! Police ! Chris and Dave put they hand up immediately . mindy , however , go for a stun grenade in she belt . before anyone have a second to react , it 's land by the cop and go off . in the fog and confusion , mindy grab Dave 's hand . they run . ext . d' amico 's roof terrace . night . 183 mindy help Dave into the jet pack and put she arm round he . just as the cop get to the terrace , the two take off . one cop take aim at they . suddenly a shout from behind he : marcus ( 0.s. ) hold you fire ! it 's Marcus . he smile as he watch they disappear over the horizon like superman and a very tiny lois Lane . finally he turn to go inside , the smile still on he face , to find : gigante , incandescent with anger . gigante you will go down for that , Williams ! you ass be go straight to tribunal ! i’1l see to it myself . Marcus grin and produce a frame photograph . he admire it . marcus oh this be nice . you look awesome . gigante what ? marcus just find this on D ’amico 's desk . be not this a great shot , guy ? Marcus show the picture around to the assemble cop , who react in delighted shock . gigante reel . he know it 's over . marcus ( cont 'd ) hope Frank D ’amico pay you well , gigante . you be gonna be need one fine - ass lawyer . ext . rooftop . dawn . 184 Dave and mindy land on the roof of mindy 's building . 185 102 . mindy thanks , kickass . my dad would have be proud of both of we . Dave pull he mask off meaningfully . dave Dave . my name be Dave lizewski . mindy I know that , dumbass . a long pause . then mindy pull off she mask , too . mindy ( cont 'd ) mindy macready . she hold out she hand , and they shake hand . it 's over . ext . high school . day . 185 Mr. lizewski 's car pull up outside the school . Dave climb out and wave goodbye to he . as Dave begin to walk , he turn around to see another car pull up . drive by Marcus . in the passenger seat , mindy . Marcus hug she and she hop out and run over to Dave . dave ( v.o. ) mindy move in with Marcus and he enrol she at my school - first school she have ever be to - on the promise that I have look out for she . before she reach he , however , a big mean boy and he three cronies block mindy 's path . he hold out he hand . big mean boy hey . New kid . lunch money . now . we cut to Dave 's concerned face . 0.s , there 's a scream . when we cut back to mindy , she 's once more trot happily towards Dave , wave , as if nothing have happen . in the background a concerned crowd have form a circle around whatever carnage mindy leave . dave ( v.o. ) not that she need I to . marty and Todd be sit in the sunshine , read comic . Dave and mindy join they , mindy check out the comic . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the guy never know about what happen . and Katie ? ( more ) 103 . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) well , besides be deeply relieved that my superhero day be over , Katie be the same as ever . from the other direction , we see Katie walk over with erika and a slightly chubby , flamboyantly -dress guy . katie hey everybody , this be phil . he 's new . phil , this be everybody . marty , Todd , Dave and mindy all wave they greeting . dave ( v.o . ) --- and I love she for it . Katie and the boy sit down with the group . Dave rest he head on Katie 's shoulder . we have never see he so content . in the foreground , two laborer walk past carry the metal detector archway away from the school . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but the world around we be change . we pull back a little to see : the two gang kid from earlier , peer into a park car at the entrance to the school . a foxy woman in a superhero costume walk towards they . they nod at she shiftily and amble away . we pull back further and see : the street around the school be patrol by various other superheroe . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) people say I have be the inspiration for the other . but I see it differently . we pull back further still , across the water , to Manhattan . here 's the armenian guy from the beginning , in he winge suit , climb up the fire escape of a building . there be superheroe everywhere . walk the street . running across the car in a traffic jam . leap across the rooftop . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) all I do be make a door into a world I have dream about since I be a little kid . now it be open . and the world be come out . we pull upwards now , further and further back , ' till the superhero be just brightly color dot on the street . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that 's how it look to I . and I like what I see . 186 187 104 . just as we think it 's all over , the camera push through a window into ... int . d' amico 's penthouse - study . day . 186 the study have be restore and redecorate , and there 's someone sit here with he back to we , admire he reflection in the glass - top table . the camera track round and we see : Chris . a crazy look in he eye , wear a new , more menace costume . he slip on a evil-look mask . clearly a super-hero no more , now a super-villain . he turn to stare down onto the street . CHRIS a world full of superhero , huh ? as a great man once say : '' wait ' till they get a load of I '' . fade to white . end 187