kid harmony korine black screen the very loud sound of people have sex . the sound of deep moan and sexual huff and puff . after a few second the sound grow even louder . it should sound as if the two people be fuck into a microphone . the sound should be painful and raw . girl ( o.s. ) oh yes , oh yes , oh yes , oh yes . int . bedroom - day the face of a very pretty young girl with long blond hair . her face be inch from the camera , the camera be above she , look down , almost like the Pov of the person she 's have sex with . she id breathe extremely heavily ; she face be red-hot and sweaty . every time she move , she make a deep moan noise . she look like she 's on the verge of pain and ecstasy . girl oh yes , telly it hurt , oh yes , oh yes , please telly , telly . the camera back up to reveal telly have sex with the girl . telly be seventeen year old . he be short , dirty , slightly muscular , he have a interesting face , he be a street - smart punk , he be bite he bottom lip , the two of they be sweat like mad , the sound of the bed post smash against the wall combine with the rhythmical moan of the two . rapid fade to black back in time - before they have sex telly be in bed with the girl . the two of they be sit up in the big bed that be raise high of the ground . telly be naked except for a tight pair of white underwater . he be sit above the blanket with he leg spread apart . the girl be partially cover , she be wear a black bra , one of she nipple be poke through . the two of they be very sweaty , they both have mess up hair , there be a great feel of heat and wetness . the window to she room be open , the sound of outside of outside traffic be circulate . there be a small fan on she dresser that be blow from side to side . sock , shirt , and pants be lie on she hard wood floor . the room be neat except for the clothing . a large poster of the beastie boy hang on the wall . she have many stuff animal on she bed and dresser drawer , she also have a small dollhouse in the corner . telly and the girl be look at each other . the girl speak slowly and softly , she have a very innocent beauty about she . telly you know what I want to do ? girl yeah . telly what do I want to do ? girl you want to fuck I . but you can not fuck I . telly ( smile ) why ? girl because , you know why . you know . telly because you a virgin ? girl because I be a virgin and I do not want no baby . telly you think I want a baby ? when you be with I , you do not have to worry about that kinda stuff . girl why be that ? telly because I like you . I think you be beautiful . I think if we fuck you would love it . you would not even believe it . girl I would not believe it ? telly I do not know . I just think that you would love it . girl but , I do not know . I be just scared that thing would change . between we . telly what thing ? I be tell you , nothing 's go to change . ( he begin to caress she cheek and hair ) I want to make you happy . that 's all . telly scoot up to the girl and start to kiss she . he stick he tongue in she mouth . they kiss . telly ( whisper ) you know it will not hurt . I will be gentle . I promise . girl ( whisper ) do you care about I ? telly ( whisper ) of course I do . rapid CUT to black a extreme closeup of the girl face as she scream in total agony . telly and the girl be on the bed have sex . all the light be on . this scene should look very white and bleach out , very electric and shocking . everything should be expose as telly take advantage of the virgin girl . telly ( v.o. ) ( slowly ) virgin . I love them . no disease , no loose as a goose pussy , no skank . no nothin . just pure pleasure . CUT to black the credit roll in as soon as the scene end , so do the sound of the two have sex . very fast , very hard - pace music accompany the credit . the music should be strong enough to maintain the intensity of the scene , hard -core , punk . credit stop fade in : int . upper east side apartment build - staircase - day telly gently shut the door . he have a huge smile on he face . he look down the center of the staircase and spit . he watch he spit fall down till it smack against the floor . he run down three flight of stair as quickly as possible . he jump down the last four step and bump into the side of the wall . he be very happy . he run down the skinny hallway and smack the metal mailbox . ext . upper east side - sidewalk - day telly exit the building . casper be sit on a middle step . he be read a comic book and drink a 40oz . bottle of malt liquor . the bottle be wrap in a brown paper sack . as he sip he drink he laugh at he comic book . casper be telly 's second half . the two have be best friend since grade school . casper be small and funny , everyone like he , he have a quick temper , and he be not scared to fight someone twice he size . telly provide casper with a sense of adolescent wisdom . casper make telly happy ; he 's a smart ass , he have a strong New York accent , a assortment of tattoo , and crooked tooth . telly and casper be always together , they help each other to survive . telly smack casper on the back of he head . casper be startle and spill a little bit of he beer onto he shoe . casper shit . telly ( smile ) be up bitch ? casper look at telly smile . casper oh shit what happen ? casper be very excited . he stand up and pull telly 's arm . telly what do you think ? casper you fuck it ? telly laugh and casper jump up and down . casper I know you fuck it ! I sit out she for like two hour ! that girl be like twelve , and you hit it up ! telly ( pound he chest ) who be I ? who be I ? the mothafuckin ' virgin surgeon . they both start to laugh . they move off the stair and start walk down the sidewalk . the two of they be walk down the street , obvious to everything but themselves talk . casper well , how be it ? telly oh my god , so good . that girl can fuck . casper she can fuck ? telly Hell yeah . that bitch be bleed . when I first put it in she scream real loud . I see she bite down on the pillow . casper oh shit . how long do it take ? telly do what take ? casper how long do you fuck she ? they cross the street , pay no attention to speed car . casper be listen to every word that telly say . casper seem much happier than telly . telly be laid - back . casper be hyper as he jump up and down and claw telly 's arm . telly well it take I longer than I think it would take . it take like 15 minute to talk she into it . but once it be on , we fuck for a good half a hour . I have to keep take it out and put it back in . it hurt the first time . casper yeah . telly but then when she get into it . she really get into it . it be good . casper how do she smell ? do she puss stink ? telly put he four finger together and then put he hand in front of caper 's nose . telly take a whiff . casper take a huge whiff , the snot in he nose make a loud sound as he smell telly 's finger . casper oh man , it smell like butterscotch . telly Hell 's yeah . she be so clean . casper oh man , that 's the best . telly you could tell she take care of herself . she have all this powder and creams in she bathroom . casper let I smell it again . telly lift he finger once again , as casper breathes in the odor . casper that 's why virgin be the best . I love that smell . as they walk down the street , jogger , man in business suit with briefcase , ambulance , and woman with baby carriage all pass by . telly you know what else ? casper what ? telly I can tell that she have just enter puberty . casper how ? telly well , I be flipping through a picture book of she and she family , right . casper right . telly and there be this picture of she painting Easter egg or something . and I say , you be cut when you be little . casper yeah . telly and she go , yeah that picture be take less than a year ago . I look young without my makeup . casper start to crack up . telly and I look at she , and think to myself oh my god , this girl be a baby . casper yeah . telly and for a second I feel a little bit guilty . you know , because she 's young and all . and then I be like , oh shit , that turn I on . I wanna fuck this little baby girl . they both laugh . casper fuckin pervert bastard . they continue to laugh and walk . telly I be tell you casper . I think I be get addict to that shit . casper to what ? virgin ? telly yeah . it 's like all I think about now . not just that , it 's like lately during sex , I start dream about this complex fantasy . casper what do you mean ? telly I mean I be dream about go all out , crazy shit . casper you mean like fuck two virgin at once . telly ( laugh ) that would be good . but I mean more like . I do not know . like when I be have sex with she , I keep think how much I would like to put it in she ass . just to see what would happen . casper ( laugh ) she 's probably smash you in the fuck face . telly I do not know about that . she be pretty into it . but I be not gonna try . the whole thing be , you just gotta take it slow . show them some respect . casper do you tell she that you love she ? telly like . like . never love . Love be for low - level virgin seduction guy . they stop walk . casper take the last sip of he beer , then throw it toward a orange trash can . he miss the can and the bottle smashes in the middle of a busy street . casper shit . telly what do you want ? casper get another forty . ( burp ) smoke a blunt . telly be you hungry ? casper Hell yeah . fuckin starvin . wait up a sec . casper take two step away and start urinate in someone 's bush . people walk by and stare . telly you wanna go to Paul 's house ? casper what for ? that guy a dick . telly I be sue he 's get food . he 's always get that microwave burrito thing in he freezer . casper you think he 's get any herb ? telly I do not know , he quit dealin but I will bet he will smoke we out . casper you think ? telly probably . casper he life on 76th ? telly 78th . casper de less go Joe . he zip up he pants . they start walk again . casper be carry a fold up comic book in he hand . casper telly . telly yeah . casper do she suck you dick ? telly a little bit . but I do not really want she to . casper why ? telly I do not know . that 's too easy . I mean get a virgin to suck you dick . that 's so easy . casper it be right . telly I want to knock she guard down . I mean there 's a whole philosophy behind it . have a virgin suck you dick , that 's basic because there 's nothing lose . casper it 's no big deal , right ? telly right . but when you deflower a girl , that 's it . you do it . you be the one . no one else can ever do it . casper yeah . the way I see it . my outlook on the this situation be . ( they both start laugh ) it 's like get fame , you know what I be say . it 's like , if you die tomorrow , and fifty year from now all the virgin you fuck be gonna remember you because you be they first . telly yep . casper they be gonna tell they grand kid . ( mimick a old lady ) that telly . he sure be good in the sack ! the two of they be laugh , they conversation have get they very excited . they walk in front of a Korean grocery . the grocery have a small outdoor produce section , juice , fruit , soda , etc . a korean guy with flip -flops and headphone be sit on a tall wooden stool . telly you thirsty ? casper yeah , I feel dehydrated . telly you get any money ? casper Three penny and a ball of lint . telly you down with the boost ? casper ( whisper ) unzip my pack , yo . he turn around and telly quickly unzip he backpack . int . korean grocery - day the grocery be you basic traditional market with a lunch buffet . behind the cash register be a middle - age korean man . he be watch a small black and white television set . the two boy enter . casper walk straight to the back where they keep the beer . telly circle the buffet and then walk up to the cash register . telly uh , let 's see here , would you happen to have diss digg ? korean store owner whah ? telly diss digg . I be curious if you have it ? korean store owner whah be dissdee ? casper be go through the beer section . he pull out two 40oz . bottle of and put they on the floor . telly diss digg , diss digg , diss digg . korean store owner I no understand you . maybe crazy . a round mirror be reflect casper put the bottle into he backpack . telly I will ask you one last time . do you have diss digg ? korean store owner whah you say ? dissdee ? casper run up to the counter and grab he crotch . casper he say this Dick , mutha fucka ! can not you understand English ? the two of they both run out the door . telly tap the Korean man who be sit outside . the man look in the opposite direction while casper grab two peach and put they into he pocket . the two boy run off . the Korean man get off he stool . he pull he headphone off he ear . korean man stupy fucky boy ! fucky ! he look at he fruit stand and put a peach in the spot that casper previously steal from . ext . upper east side - apartment - day casper and telly be walk down the street . casper be eat a peach and drink he 40oz. beer . telly be also drink . casper you know like in " the wonder twin " they share everything . telly the cartoon ? casper yeah . " the wonder twin " . you know . ( mimic the cartoon ) activate in the form of , a glass of water . telly yeah . casper well , that guy share everything , right ? telly right . casper and once I see this episode where they pretend they be each other . where they live the other 's life for a day . you know that guy share everything , right ? telly right . casper and it get I thinkin . how fun it would be to share each other 's girl . telly ( laugh ) yeah , that would be fun but I do not like any of the girl you go out with . like that one girl with two tooth and a clit ring . casper no , I be serious man . I be dead ass . do you wanna try ? we could be like the fuckin x-rate " wonder twin " ! the two of they start laugh and jump on each other . telly spit out a mouthful of beer . casper ( laugh ) can you do it man ? telly ( laugh ) can I do it ? I just brooke she cherry . I imagine I can make she do anything . bark like a dog , jump through a ring of fire . casper be jump up and down on telly 's shoulder . casper oh man . I fuck love this guy . the two of they walk off laugh . ext . paul' apartment build - day a medium size apartment building on the Upper East side . Cars be speed by the front of the building . cab drive by and beep they horn . telly and casper be sit on the front step . telly ring one of the button . the bottom switchboard be plaster with skateboard sticker and " legalize marijuana " sticker . a vespa scooter be park on the outside in front of the building , it also have sticker on it . telly ring it again . it be a very hot day , both boy be wiping sweat from they body . paul ( from box ) hello ? telly it 's I . telly . paul ( from box ) hello ? telly ( loudly ) Paul it 's telly . open up . a buzz be hear . there be a little girl sit on the bottom step , play with a doll . casper run down and give she a peach . then he run back up . telly and casper enter the building . the little girl toss the peach to the ground . int . paul' apartment build - day there be about ten guy in the apartment . there be almost no furniture , just two white couch and a few plant in the corner . there be a big tv in the center of the floor . a nintendo with several wire be hook up to it . there be various game spread out . a couple of boy be huddle around the game , as they watch the guy play , they breathe in the wip - it 's . the boy be all young and spread out . there be people lie on the couch , on the floor , on the phone , in the kitchen smoking pot and do wip-it . they be all color and size . casper and telly go to each person and greet they with a handshake . some people they hug . they say " be up , " to everyone . they both sit down on the floor and continue to drink they beer . Paul sit down besides they . paul what be you guy do ? telly nothing . we just want to come by and see what you be up to . paul you want a wip -it ? telly Nah . casper yeah . Paul put he hand on he big pocket and give casper a cartridge . casper breathes in the wip - it and then smile really big . casper I love this shit . paul they be good for you . vitamin C for the new generation . Paul hand casper another cartridge . casper that 's why I like them . they wake my brain up . casper do the wip -it . stanley , a tall black kid with dread , walk out of the kitchen . he have a cordless phone in he hand . casper continue to do wip - it 's . one after another . telly so , how many people live here now ? paul I do not know , eight or nine . telly where do everyone sleep ? paul everywhere . fuckin flophouse . we be still short on the rent . if you want , you and casper can move in . you guy can share the bathtub . stanley yo telly . jennie say what 's up . telly jennie who ? stanley jennie . you know . casper that girl you bone last year . remember ? telly man I have not see she in forever . what the fuck 's she up to ? int . ruby's room - day five girl be sit in a small room . they be smoking . they be all in a circle laugh . the girl be all good friend . a few of they have ring in they lip and eyebrow . a big dirty fish tank be on one of the bookshelve . Ruby be a nice look girl , age 17 . she be Spanish , she hair be slicked back , she chain -smoke . jennie be a 15 year old high school sophomore . she be white . she be very pretty , with a uncommon touch of innocence about she . the next episode be go to jump - cut back and forth between Paul 's apartment and rubby 's room . this scene should be handheld . Ruby hang up the phone . ruby telly say be up . jennie I know he would not want to speak to I . that dick . ruby you still mad at he ? jennie of course . how be I gonna forgive he after what he do ?! susan what do he do ? Ruby cut of jennie . ruby he steal she virginity . he take it away and now it 's go forever . laughter . jennie yeah . but it 's not even the fact that he devirginize I . it 's the fact that after it be do he never speak to I again . he talk all this bullshit and then just break out . linda that 's the kinda shit he 's into . telly be know for that stuff . he fuck amber the same way . susan and Susan too . jennie but he be all like , oh jennie I like you so much . trust I you will love it , I be not gonna use you . I promise . he be poppin mad jazz . more laughter from the group . they all speak very quickly , almost to the point where you can not understand they . susan first time be always wack . just be glad you do not lose you virginity in the backseat of a rental car . ruby that shit be nothin . I remember , I have just turn 14 . with this fuckin asshole who be like 18 . I do not even remember he name . I think it be John or Jake or something . I remember he have a brother name lentil because I would always joke and call he lentil bean . this be away at like sleep away camp with you friend and shit . jennie oh yeah . laughter . ruby and we do it in the bush . like outside around midnight . I get fuck mosquito bit all over my ass . and we think everyone be sleep , but they obviously be not because everybody know . and it be out on the grass somewhere . and it hurt like a motha , oh my god the pain ! laughter . linda ( crack up ) that 's the shit ! that 's the shit ! Linda slap hand with Ruby . ruby the pain . the fuck pain ! jennie and you feel like you be be rip open inside . ruby you be be rip open . jennie I know . ruby do you bleed ? jennie I do not bleed . ruby you do not ? jennie no , I do not bleed . susan I ble . I fuck ble all over the sheet . diane I too . ruby I ble . I ble like on the condom , there be blood everywhere . and you know what he start sing ? he start sing " Sunday bloody Sunday . " that stupid fuck song . everyone be crack up . ruby I be like ... I be like ... no . they sing that the whole sleep away . my reputation ! diane it do not even matter though . it 's such bullshit . the reputation be bullshit . ruby I know . diane you know . jennie yep . diane I do not give a fuck . I have sex and I like fuck . ruby Hell yeah . I love . I love sex . jennie foreplay . foreplay . linda ( smack hand together ) yep . that 's the best way . it 's that boom boom boom . ruby right . you know it 's not like ... you know there 's a difference between sex , make love , and fuck ! linda yep . ruby make love be like . linda sweet . susan slow . ruby it 's grandmother style . jennie be crack up and pound Ruby 's back . linda yeah . ruby it 's like ... linda you know what it 's like . it 's like when you really love someone , it 's like awww . ruby yeah . linda its like . but it get boring . it 's boring . ruby it 's really slow . it 's slow boring . susan yeah . ruby it 's very monotonous . linda yeah . and sex be just like , yeah let 's have sex , susan it 's like yeah whatever . but when you fuck . you wanna fuck that person . you be like rip each other 's hair out . ooooh . she pull she hair , everyone laugh . ruby right . you be like it 's just this instinct . it 's like this animal instinct be take over you . it 's like ... jennie Passion ... ruby boom !!! boom !!! int . paul' apartment - day some of the guy be sit in front of the couch do wip-it . casper be chew on a microwave burrito and watch the guy next to he play nintendo . he be blow into the burrito . they be in the midst of a conversation . stanley yeah , yeah , yeah ! paul that 's the one thing . they expect you to be so gentle , so kind ... zack when most of time you just wanna be all . pound on that shit . stanley that would be the best if you could just be . Excuse I can I borrow you hole miss ? it will only take a little while . I will give it right back . laughter . telly but that 's the thing . girl 's like it slow . they like romance . they like thing to be sweet and romantic . casper yep . telly I mean I have be with a lot of girl I know . casper yeah I too nigga . int ruby's room - day in the midst of they conversation . susan you know ... you know a lot of time sex get in the way . have that ever happen to you ? linda yep . susan you know . because sometimes the foreplay be just so good . and then when it actually come time for sex . it 's like the worst letdown . jennie yep , yep . but he have to know what he 's do and where he 's go . because they can like touch you for hour and they will not ever know . ruby Hell yeah , they do not know . they all start laugh and clap hand and snap finger . jennie like where be you erogenous zone ? ruby mine ? jennie mine be like my neck and my chest . linda yeah . mine be my toe . oh my God if someone suck my toe I will come in like ten second ! ruby yeah . it depend . Cause like this one time with Eric , when we get blast at he house . and smash J and dj flipper be there ... linda oh shit . ruby and we be blast , and he must have be dumb horney . and he just pull I over to the bed . and they be in the room , like get dress , like get ready to go to go to disco susan right . ruby and we be like underneath the sheet . we be go at it like crazy . oh my God that shit be so good ! it be like hard ... susan yeah . ruby he be like suck my tit . he be fuck finger I . but that shit be nice and hard . she start pound she fist . ruby ( cont 'd ) I be like rip he hair out . and we kiss like so hard that we lip be bust . and that shit be so good . it be crazy . they slap hand and laugh . ruby ( laugh ) he be like rip my hair . I be like oh yeah . ( move she hip back and forth ) work it . they all crack up . susan you know why I decide to go out with Alex . jennie why ? susan ( start laugh ) he have the best fuck finger I have ever have . she hold up she middle two finger and start shaking they back and forth . everyone be crack up . susan ( still laugh ) I be like yes ! I be go out with he ! linda that 's right . that 's why foreplay be better than sex . susan yep . linda because he can like climax you up to that ... jennie ... Point . linda yep . where just one more move and you would be like crazy . she snap she finger . ruby yep . linda but then the sex get into the way and you be like : what happen ! what the hell happen ?! ruby yeah it 's the biggest disappointment ! susan yeah . and it take they either too long or too short to come . have you ever have someone that take forever ruby to come ? susan yeah . I have sex with Jake , and it take he like a hour and a half . linda yeah . the shit get wack . Fifteen minute . ruby yeah . Fifteen minute to a half a hour . hard and deep . linda me. I can only take it up to fifteen minute . Cause I get bored . ruby yeah I get bored . linda I start think about what I be gonna eat afterwards . susan yeah , eat . I get real thirsty too . laughter . int . paul' apartment - day continue talk . casper be play the video game . he be play with a great deal of intensity . casper you know what I notice ? zack what ? casper I notice that girl love to give head . it 's like a secret pastime hobby for they . or something ' . stanley some girl . casper all girl . they love it . I know . casper 's game finish . casper ( under he breath ) I hate this game . telly no. casper 's right . Girls love it . they just act like they do not in front of they friend . paul yeah . but when it 's just you and they . that 's like the first thing they go for . casper start a new game . casper I know . they love it . that 's why girl live longer than guy . ' Cause sperm have vitamin C . int . ruby's room - day in the midst of they conversation . jennie I hate suck dick ! ruby yeah . ' Cause they fuck shoot you in the eye , the face , the ear . jennie and sometimes it take a long time , and you be fuck gag . ruby yeah . and then it hit that little thing . ( point to the back of she throat ) that little punch bag . what be it ? the tonsils . the esophagus , whatever . jennie yeah . and you be not get anything out of it . ruby and it 's like . how much more can I bob here ? you know . linda and you do not get shit out of it . susan have you ever swallow it before ? jennie no . susan I neither . ruby I have . they all laugh . ruby it be ... it be . susan it 's like sweet and sour , and salty butter . ruby no , no , no . you can not get that taste out of you mouth . until you eat something . susan yeah . ruby you can drink like there 's no tomorrow but you still can not get that sperm between the tooth out . it 's so disgusting . laughter . ruby ( cont 'd ) the only way you can get it out be like if you eat like a real meal . int . paul' apartment - day continue the conversation . telly be look straight into the camera . telly all I know be that condom suck . they do not work . they break . they slip off . it 's impossible to feel anything . they make you dick shrink . but I still use them . or at least I do once . int . ruby's house - day laughter accompany they conversation . jennie I mean . telly be the only guy I have ever have sex with . you know that . diane no . I do not know that . I think you get with a.j. too . jennie no , we just mess around . int . paul' apartment - day continue talk . paul that 's the whole thing . you know if you look at it . I mean all you hear about be disease this and disease that . and everyone 's die . and you better wear a condom or else . but the truth be . I do not know any kid with aids . no one I know have ever die from that shit . it 's like some weird make - believe story that the whole world believe . telly yep . play the video game . casper yeah . it 's a great big fraud . int . ruby's room - day continue talk . ruby I have know the past of all the people I have fuck without a condom . like I know one of the people get test and be negative . linda yeah . ruby and I know that one of they fuck like two other girl , who be both virgin , so I know he be safe . linda yeah . ruby and the other person I just fuck , which be a mistake . but I go to the clinic last week with jennie . jennie look embarrassed . ruby I make she get test with I because I do not want to go alone . linda do they ask you a lot of question ? int . testing clinic - day Ruby be sit across from a black nurse . the nurse have a clipboard in she hand . she be sit at a small desk that be cluttere with papers and picture of she kid . the room be decorate on shade of bright yellow . there be picture of clown on the wall . there be a large paper diagram on the wall that trace , step by step , the process of insert a condom . Ruby be chew gum and tapping she foot . she scratch she elbow . the black nurse be very overweight ; she talk with a strong New York accent . she sip a coffee mug that read " I love Mom . " black nurse how old you ? ruby 17 . int . testing clinic - day jennie be sit across from a very skinny white nurse . the nurse have a clip board in she head . Spanish rock music be sleep through the wall . a small desk fan be rotate back and forth . the room be dirty . jennie be sit in a chair . she look very pretty and child - like . she be face downward and she hair be fall into she face . jennie speak in a low voice . white nurse how old be you ? jennie 15 . int . testing clinic - day the black nurse scratch she scalp and it make a noise . black nurse how many people have you have vaginal intercourse with ? ruby umm. altogether ? black nurse yes . altogether . ruby hmm . I would say eight , maybe nine . black nurse how many time have you go unprotect ? ruby with four of they , I do not use any kind of protection . wait , maybe it be three . int . testing clinic - day the white nurse scribbles something down . white nurse how many people have you have vaginal intercourse with ? jennie one . white nurse be you protect ? pause . jennie no . a extreme closeup shot of a pencil check the no box . int . testing clinic - day the black nurse take a long sip from she mug . black nurse have you ever have anal intercourse ? ruby yes . black nurse with how many people ? ruby umm . Three I believe . but I be not sure . black nurse be they wear condom ? ruby uh. yes . twice they be not . two time they do not . int . testing clinic - day the white nurse stick she head a few inch from the fan and let the wind blow she sweaty face . white nurse have you ever have anal intercourse ? jennie no . int . testing clinic - day the black nurse have a big smile on she face . black nurse okee dokey . you should come back in seven day and we should have you result . int . testing clinic - day a closeup of jennie 's face . jennie ( timidly ) thanks . ext . entrance of a uptown train station - day casper and telly run down the stairwell . people enter and exit . int . train station - day casper and telly run down the stair . they look around to see if there be any transit security . they simultaneously walk up to the turnstile and pull back the revolve metal guard . then they slip through very nonchalantly . a short bling guy be play the accordion . he be stand up and tapping he foot . he 's play " Danny Boy " . in front of he foot be a large leather briefcase with dollar bill and scattered change . casper and telly walk up to the blind guy . they watch he for a second , then casper start to clap with he beer in he hand . he start to smile really big . telly see casper smile and then he begin to smile . casper man , this guy be really good . telly he look like my uncle . casper look at the money collection . casper I bet he make hella money . a train come speed by . casper walk next to the blind guy and start dance really funny . telly start to laugh . some guy in a business suit walk by and throw some change in the collection . int . testing clinic - waiting room - day typical wait room . Big sofa and chair . a table be in the middle of the floor , magazine and pocketbook . a water jug be in the corner . a ceiling fan be circle fast up above . a assortment of man and woman of different race and color . they look mainly middle class . jennie and Ruby be the youngest people in the room . a man in a three - piece suit slowly walk by . jennie try to see he face but he be turn the wrong way . Ruby continue to talk . the same fat black nurse walk out with a clipboard . she begin to cough tremendously . ruby ... I do not know , I think he 's mad at I , but who care ... Ruby and jennie stop talk and look at the black nurse . she be cough uncontrollably . she look like a large shaking figure . a skinny nurse walk by , pound she on the back , and she stop cough . the black nurse have a smile on she face , she eye watery . she turn and look at Ruby . black nurse woowee ! it must have be something I eat ! ( cough then smile ) Ruby , follow I . Ruby stand up and look at jennie . Ruby cross both she finger and raise they in the air . ruby wish I luck . jennie good luck . Ruby follow the black nurse . this should be one long shot , as Ruby follow the nurse through the hectic testing clinic . the two of they enter the same room as before . int . waiting room - day the skinny white nurse pick up a folder with jennie 's name on it . she open the door to the wait room and look at jennie sit down with she eye close . white nurse jennie . jennie stand up and smile . she walk towards the door . int . testing clinic - day Ruby be sit down in a chair . the black nurse pick up a file from the back of the door . she open it and smile . black nurse ( cough , pause ) well , girl . you test negative for all sexually transmit disease and infection . ruby yes ! black nurse you be clean . ruby oh my God . I can not tell you how nervous I have be . I could not sleep last night . black nurse now you gotta be careful . the black nurse pull out a bunch of pamphlet . black nurse here take this pamphlet home and read they . int . testing clinic - day jennie be stand up . she be hugging herself . the white nurse be sit down at she desk . the nurse look real closely at the folder and then shut it . white nurse jennie . you have test positive for the HIV infection . jennie what ? white nurse the test be not one hundred percent accurate . you should ... jennie I test positive ? white nurse I be sorry . jennie but I only have sex with telly . the nurse be quiet . jennie I just get test to keep Ruby company . int . subway car - day telly and casper be sit side by side . casper be hold a 40oz . bottle of beer . the train be semi-crowded ; all seat be take and there be a few people stand up . the train shake . they be head downtown . casper and telly be look at the couple directly across from they . they be two unattractive lower- class Spanish people , they be hold hand and kissing . telly I wanna fuck darcy . casper who ? telly darcy . benny 's little sister . casper oh . you like she ? telly yeah . I like she . I have want to get with she for a while now . casper darcy ? telly yeah . she 's so little , so pretty , and innocent . casper yeah . she 's only 13 . telly it 's funny . last weekend at that block party . remember ? casper yeah . telly she be hand out that watermelon slice . and I sit down over on the other side , and I watch she . casper ( excited ) yeah . telly I watch she eat the watermelon . and all this juice start run down she chin and onto she shirt . casper ( smile ) yeah . telly and after about two second , I get the biggest hard - on . casper start laugh . telly I be not joke . I want to take my dick out and start jack right there . at that point and moment , darcy be like a vision of perfection . casper I know what you mean . telly at that moment , at that block party , she represent everything holy about a virgin . casper she hang out at nasa . she promote for they . telly I be gonna fuck she tonight . I swear to God I be gonna fuck she . casper ( laugh ) how be you gonna fuck two virgin in a day ? that shit gotta be against the law . telly I do not care motha fucka . I will bet you money she fuck I . casper Bet . the two of they shake hand . casper you wanna run by the park and see what everybody 's do ? get zoot ? telly I guess so . I gotta stop off home too . at this point the sound of the subway door be hear . a black man with no leg push himself through with he hand . he have a large container fill with change . as he enter , he cup of change be hear smash back and forth . his face be even with people 's knee . a random few stuff change and dollar bill into he cup . he sing as he push he way through the cat . he have a afro pick stick out the back of he head . he be wear a shirt that say " kiss I i'm polish " . legless man ( sing ) I have no leg . I have no leg . I have no leg . I have no leg . as he push he way closer , casper start check he all he pocket . when he get about three foot away , casper stand up and throw some penny into he cup . he sit back down next to telly . the legless man stop and smile at casper . legless man thank you . God bless you . casper yeah . bless you back . the legless man make he way into the next car . telly I do not understand why you do that . casper why I do what ? telly that . casper why I give penny ? telly yeah . why you give money . casper do you look at that guy ? what the fuck . he have no leg . ( motion to he waist ) he have no half he lower body . he 's gotta shit out of he ribcage . telly that 's just it . it 's elitist . it 's reverse elitism . because you give money to whoever be the most fuck up . I notice what you do . casper what be you talk about ? telly whenever you see someone who 's really mess up , especially amputee and retard . you give they money . but if it 's just a regular bum , you pass they by . casper so. telly so . this people live on the same street . it 's just that you reserve you money for that people who be massively fuck up . the regular bum be not poor enough for you , you gotta give it to the bottom of the barrel scum fuck . casper so . you never know when you can end up like that . telly right . casper I will tell you why . because when I be little , I have a fat cousin , cousin luke . and he use to make fun of the handicapped . and one day he have a bad stomachache . so he drank a bottle of pepto and he ass blow off . telly shut up . casper I be tell you the truth . and after that , I have always givin ' my money to retard . because that 's the reverse of what he do . telly be laugh . casper so really , it 's good luck . telly good luck ? casper yeah , good luck . I mean what the fuck . the guy have no leg . they both laugh . int . telephone booth - day Ruby and jennie be squeeze into a telephone booth . they be on a busy street . people be walk by the car be in a standstill gridlock . it be very loud outside . everyone be beep they horn and scream out window . Ruby look very daze and confuse . jennie be nervous and shaky . jennie pick up the phone and put it to she ear . she search she pocket for a quarter and come up empty . she begin shaking she hand back and forth . jennie Ruby . do you have a quarter ? Ruby hand she a quarter . jennie dial she house . jennie ( into phone ) Peter , be Mom there ? no , I need to speak to mommy ... Peter where 's mommy ? no , I can not talk to you right now . yeah ... I hear it ... look just tell she ... no never mind ... go watch television . she hang up the phone and start to cry . Ruby put she arm around jennie . ruby shh. come on , it 's gonna be ok . jennie that 's it . I be gonna have to tell my little brother , I be gonna die . I can not make he he lunch anymore . ruby come on . do not cry . we will work it out . jennie I only do it once and ... a man with a beeper walk up and tap on the phone booth . phone booth man you usin the phone ? ruby get the fuck outta here man ! phone booth man what ? ruby ( scream inside the booth ) I say get the fuck outta here before I smash you fuck face in mothafucka !!! jennie I gotta go . I gotta find telly . ruby do not go anywhere . stay with I . jennie I gotta find he . jennie squeeze by Ruby and push open the door to the booth . ruby I be come . jennie no . I just gotta go find he . Ruby grab jennie 's arm and jennie pull away . jennie start walk and wiping the tear out of she eye . ruby Jen ! jennie look back at Ruby and then start run down the street . ruby ( scream ) jennie ! jennie be run down the street full speed . she be pass all the people on the sidewalk . then she dart across the street and through the traffic . some people stare . she continue to run as the camera follow she for a full block . she bump into people and push they away . ext . telly's house - day telly and casper walk up to the house . telly life in a flat on St. Marks ; downtown . two Spanish hoodlum be sit on the front step . telly and casper walk up and slap they hand . casper look for some place to hide he beer . one of the hoodlum put he hand out and casper give it to he . telly open the door with he key and casper follow close behind . they walk straight to the end of the hallway and enter . telly 's house be cluttere . the house be nice but organize . the kitchen have pot and pan hang from the ceiling . there be a Matisse poster hang in a frame . large bookshelve fill to the gill with book . Big plush couch in the live room , a rock chair in the corner . a small wooden piano . a scattered game of Monopoly be on the dinning room table , a few cat roam the house . on the wall be picture of telly as a young boy , and large family portrait . telly and casper walk into the live room , then enter the kitchen . telly 's mom be in the kitchen breast - feed a small baby . she have she hair pull back and she breast out . there be a small television set on the kitchen counter that she be watch . telly hi mom . mom hi telly . where you be ? casper hi. mom hi casper . telly go to the refrigerator and take out a big jug of Kool - Aid . casper get the glass down from the cabinet . telly we be out try to find a job . pour the Kool - Aid . mom any luck ? casper no none . mom so , what be you gonna do for money this summer ? telly I do not know . find a job. ( pause ) hey can I borrow some money ? casper be stare at telly 's mom as she breast-feed . mom sorry . dad make I promise not to give you any money until you find a job . telly but then I will not need you money . mom that 's right . casper be stare at telly 's mom 's breast . casper man , telly , you little brother be get big . telly yeah . telly walk out of the kitchen and up the stair , casper slowly stagger behind . as they walk up the stair , telly pull he shirt off and wipe he underarm and chest . casper pull telly 's arm . casper Holy shit man , you mom 's get good titty . telly shut the fuck up . the two of they enter telly 's parent room . int . telly's parent bedroom - day the bedroom be messy . there be clothes lie on the bed and floor . there be a exercise bike in the corner . Museum poster be on the wall . tampons on the dresser . casper follow telly into the bedroom . telly stick he head out the door to make sure he mother be not come . casper pick up a tampon and start play with it . telly open he mother 's shoe closet . all she shoe hand from a big wooden door . he go directly to a pair of black dress pump . he pull out the shoe and put they under he arm , then he put he hand in the shot slot and pull out a pair of shoulder pad with a rubber band rapped around they . he pull off the rubber brand , and in between the shoulder pad be a small wad of cash . he take out the cash and sit on the bed count it . casper be push the tampon back and forth inside the plastic shell . casper how do this thing work ? telly be count the cash . telly twent , twenty - five , thirty - five , forty - five , fifty . casper be look at himself in the mirror . casper how much you gonna take ? telly I do not know . how much do you want ? casper be look at tooth in the mirror . casper about ten . Fifteen be good . telly Fifteen for I . he put fifteen dollar in he back pocket . telly ten for you . casper be scrapping he tooth with the tampon while look in the mirror . telly stand up and hand casper the ten dollar . caper put the money in he back pocket . telly pick up he mother 's shoulder pad and put the remain cash between they . he stuff the shoulder pad into the shoe slot . he pick up he mother 's black pump and put they into the slot . he shut the door . telly pick up he shirt and walk out of the room . casper throw the tampon into the trash and follow telly . int . telly's room - day his room be a total mess , worse than imaginable . his clothes , the furniture , pile of porno magazine and science book , be all cover with candy wrapper and potato chip bag . his television be on a scramble station . he have one big poster of Albert Einstein on he wall . he have a water bed . he have a few small plant next to he windowsill . there be a cat sleep next to he bed . telly get the fuck out of here cat ! telly kick the cat out he door . casper shut the door . telly you think darcy be gonna be at nasa tonight ? casper yeah probably . telly pick up the small spray bottle use for water plant , he begin to spray he face and chest . casper yo , you get any weed around here ? telly naw . but we should run by the park and get a dime . maybe darcy will be at the park . casper be sit on the water bed , he be pump one of telly 's small ten pound dumbbell . casper yo . I be gonna get buff dude . telly you be ? casper yeah . the other day , some sort of chinese bitch tell I I would look good with muscle . casper be pump and make face . casper I be gonna get mad diesel . I be gonna fuck any nigga that try to step to I . telly be wiping he body off with a towel from the floor . he sniff he arm and then pick up a stick of deodorant and apply it . telly you want some ? casper be still pump . casper Nah . telly why not ? you stink . casper that shit give I a rash all under my arm and around my stomach . I like my odor . it 's fuckin natural . the camera stay on casper while he continue to pump he dumbbell and look at he arm . int . telly's kitchen - day Mom be watch a soap opera on television . the baby be in a small rocker on the counter . she be rock it back and forth with one hand while smoking a cigarette . telly Mom . mom shh. telly ( whisper ) I be gonna go out for a little while . mom when be you gonna be back ? telly not too late . mom four-thirty in the morning ? telly not too late . casper and telly walk to the door . telly hey Mom . be you sure I can not get any money ? just a few buck . mom if I have it , maybe . but right now I do not have a penny to my name . telly all right . casper wave good - bye . mom bye . casper and telly leave . telly slam the door behind he . the baby wake up and start to cry . mom shit . ext . paul' apartment build - day jennie walk up the stair to Paul 's apartment . she take she finger down the list of name . she ring he bell . Paul sound really mess up . paul ( from the speaker , laughter and noise ) hello . jennie hello Paul . be telly inside ? paul ( laugh ) be telly there ? paul this be Paul . who be this ? jennie it 's jennie . just tell I if telly be there . paul ( drunkenly , laughter ) oh hi jennie . do you want to come make out with I ? jennie I be fuck serious . where 's telly ? paul telly 's not here right now . I believe he go downtown . casper too . jennie walk down the stair . a little white girl be sit on the bottom stair , play with a black doll . the doll have no hair and it 's dress be rip . she look up at jennie . little girl my dolly be black ... Lucy . the girl stick she doll out so jennie can hold it . ext . WASHINGTON square park - day casper and telly be stand by the chess table . the park be very busy . every chess table be be use . people be riding bike and roller-blade . strong man be do pull - up on the monkey bar while guy walk by with ghetto blaster . a state of public frenzy . a rastafarian drug dealer with a big dread cap be stand a little bit away from telly and casper . he be approach everyone as they walk by he . drug dealer ( fast and slur ) ... sess ... smoke , hash , shroom , valium , coke ... sessamila . casper yo , be up ras ! ras ah caspa ! be up little blood clot ? casper and telly walk up and shake he hand . casper nuffin . you got ? ras shoot yeah boy . fuckin best herb . uptown shit boy . telly none of that twig and pebble shit . another guy try to sell drug walk up , but ras just push he away . telly pull the money out of he back pocket . ras pull out a dime bag and push it open . he look around and then put it in casper 's face . ras Fucking good skunk . casper smell delicious . casper start to laugh . telly go to hand the drug dealer the money . ras look around to make sure it 's safe . ras throw it down . he point to the floor ; then throw the weed on the ground . telly drop two five dollar bill . casper thanks ras . ras caspa !!! ras laugh . the two of they slap hand . ras slap telly 's hand and walk away . ext . under the arch - WASHINGTON square park - day the park be extremely crowded . the kid hang out in front of the arch by the fountain and around the side . there be about ten kid skateboard . the fountain be on and the mist be spraying the kid . Girls in hip -hop fashion be line up all around . a few kid be draw graffiti in little black book . there be maybe twenty kid hang out around the fountain , in front of the arch . casper and telly walk up to the center of the action . they greet they friend sit on the edge of the fountain . skateboarder ride up and slap they hand . as they greet they friend , they kiss the girl on the cheek and a few of they on the lip , they slap hand with the guy and embrace some with a hug . telly and casper go down the line , greeting everyone . this process take a while , as they interact with everyone down the line . harold be a skinny black skateboarder with a funny face . he ride up to casper and hug he . harold casper ! be up kid ? casper nothen B. harold where you at ? casper right here . harold where you goin tonight ? casper maybe nasa . I do not know . harold you goin ? casper yeah . harold I be goin . you on the list ? casper probably . fuck that , I will sneak in . I need some female vagina tonight . harold I have a female vagina last night . hamilton , a short black guy with a gilligan hat , walk up . hamilton yo Cass , you get any boom ? telly be sit on the cement bench talk to misha , a pretty young girl with a belly button pierce . casper yep . you get a phillie ? hamilton Presto . Hamilton pull out a long phillie cigar . then he squeeze in between casper and another guy . casper pull out he dime bag and sniff it . the he put it in front of Hamilton 's nose . hamilton you get that here in the park ? casper yep . hamilton break that shit up . casper be smush the pot up . Hamilton be take the plastic of the cigar . in this shot they go through the complete process of roll a blunt . the next sequence should be do with fast edit . hamilton cut it . Hamilton cut the cigar down the center with he long thumbnail . hamilton scrape it . he then scrape all the tobacco out of the center and onto the ground . hamilton lick it . he then lick the outer paper till it get very damp . hamilton dump it . casper start put the weed inside , Hamilton lick it , then pull out a lighter and dry it . hamilton and smoke it . Hamilton put it in he mouth . hamilton you wanna start off ? Hamilton look at casper and put the blunt in he face . casper naw , you get it Ham . Hamilton smile . hamilton all right . he put the blunt in he mouth and light it . a big flame shoot up as it catch the end of the phillie . Hamilton take a few big puff and then blow the smoke away . hamilton take two pull and pass . Hamilton pass the blunt to casper . a bunch of kid start huddle around casper as he puff . steven , a skinny Spanish kid with gold front tooth , walk up . steven yo can I fuck wit that ? casper smile and blow smoke in he face . casper yeah boy ! casper hit it again and then hand it to Steve , who take immense hit . two male homosexual in short short walk by hold hand . Steven turn he head and notice they . he exhales the smoke out of he nose . steven look at that . harold that shit be sick . fuckin faggot . casper ( scream at the top of he lung ) fuckin faggot !!! everyone start laugh . casper ( as loud as possible ) faggot !!! casper rub he throat . people continue to laugh . casper my throat . telly be sit away on the cement bench under the tree . he be talk to Misha . misha how can you hang out with casper ? he 's such a jerk . telly you think so ? misha yeah . I have always hate that kid . he use to eat glue in like seventh grade . telly he still do . misha I hate them . telly it 's not he fault . he have a hard life . misha yeah ? telly you have hear the storey right ? misha no. ext . new york sidewalk - day back in time . casper be a little boy , age 11 . he be walk down the sidewalk with a lunch box and a " casper the friendly ghost " T-shirt . he be wear he hat on backwards . Music accompany this entire episode . telly ( v.o. ) well , one day casper have a stomachache and he get permission from he teacher to leave school early and go home . casper walk up to a nice middle - class home , it could be in queen or Brooklyn , it do not matter . he pull out a key and open the door . he enter he home . int . casper' house - day the house be dark . plastic on all the furniture . a velvet picture of Christ be hang on the wall in the hallway . very simple and plain , a generic adobe . casper enter he house and flip on a lightswitch . telly ( v.o. ) so he walk into he house and hear some strange noise . the sound of he mother scream from upstairs . casper' mom ( scream from upstairs ) get away ! get away ! help ! you monster ! please help ! casper put he lunch box down and walk to the first stair to listen to he mother 's scream . telly ( v.o. ) the noise be come from upstairs . in he parent room . casper 's mom continue to scream from upstairs . telly ( v.o. ) so , this freak the hell out of casper . he be just a little kid and he be not sure what to do . casper move off the step and run into the kitchen . telly ( v.o. ) so he run and get a big knife . the same knife he pop use to cut the turkey on Thanksgiving with . he open a drawer full of silverware and pull out a humongous glisten knife . he pick it up , and it shine on he face . as he mother scream he look up at the ceiling with the knife in he hand . casper' mom ( scream from upstairs ) stop ! please stop ! oooh help ! casper run up the stair , he be hold the knife straight out . telly ( v.o. ) so he hear he mom 's scream , and know that she be in trouble . it sound like she be get ready to be kill . like someone be kick she in the head . casper run down the hall and open the door to he parent room . what he see be very shocking . his face become extremely animated . casper 's mom be on the bed . she be completely naked except for a pair of bright red high heel shoe . in between she leg be a man wear all black , include a black ski mask and motorcycle boot . he be have sex with casper 's mom . he have she arm pin down on the bed . he be grunt like a pig . casper watch for a moment in awe . man in black bitch . you fuckin bitch . fuckin bitch . slutty whore . the man in black slap casper 's mom hard on she naked ass . casper' mom ( scream ) no! stop ! get off I ! she be struggle to get loose . telly ( v.o. ) so casper open the door and he see some big guy with a ski mask fuck he mother . what a sight for a 11 year old kid . casper run up to the bed . he climb on top of the bed with the big knife in the air , all the while the man in black be have sex with he mother . and they do not even notice casper at first . telly ( v.o. ) and he go and jump on he parent 's bed . and for a second he just look and watch . casper take he knife and start stabbing the guy in black , over and over . his mother be kick and try to stop he . all the while , she be scream outrageously and blood be pour out . telly ( v.o. ) and you know . casper love he mom , he do not want anything to happen to she . so he start stabbing this guy , over and over . but it be a mistake . casper 's mom be kick casper as he stab the man . casper be bite he tongue as he stab the man . the man fall off the bed and onto the floor . casper 's mom be go totally nut . she be completely naked , with blood all over she body . there be blood all over the sheet . his mom be claw she face in complete hysterics . casper' mom you fuck !!! it 's you father !!! we be play a game you fuck !!! that 's you father !!! we be just play !!! casper look very confuse as he look at he naked mother . he have the knife in he hand , and a little blood on he T-shirt and cheek . casper 's mom continue to yell at he . casper' mom casper , you fucker !!! oh , my god !!! help I God !!! casper look at he mother , then he look at the dead guy on the floor . he bend down and take off the mask . it 's he father . casper ( calmly ) that 's my dad . casper' mom ( cry ) you fuck . you kill you father ! telly ( v.o. ) so casper kill he father . he come home with a stomachache and end up murdering he pop . it be a very embarrassing thing . ext . WASHINGTON square park - on a cement bench - day telly be in the same spot talk to Misha . telly so that 's why casper be how he be . misha oh god . that 's horrible . a quick shot of casper smoking a blunt and laugh with he friend . telly yep . misha Holy shi . that 's all true ? telly no . I be just kid . misha ( outrage ) what ?! telly I lie . his dad be still alive . he work for the post office . ext . WASHINGTON square park - on the fountain - day casper and all he friend be pass around the blunt , which by now be almost go . all that be leave be a roach and casper be suck on it really hard . casper breathes out the smoke and then pass the roach to Hamilton . casper yo , that weed be mad good . Hamilton get ready to puff . hamilton hell yeah . gimmie a taste of the mothafuckin chronic . casper rub he eye . Hamilton puff on the little roach . casper grab somebody 's skateboard and stand on it . he start roll around slowly and do some trick . the other kid continue to smoke . they watch casper and laugh . casper be slowly try to do trick , but he 's so stone that he just fall off . as he skate in front of be friend he do not pay any attention to where he 's go . a tall hoodlum with gold front tooth be walk by . he be wear all polo and a thick white fila headband . he be bite down on a chew stick . the hoodlum walk by . he have a certain ominous strut . he be look at the ground as he walk . he take the chew stick out of he mouth and look at some girl 's ass as she walk by . he make a little noise with he mouth . as the hoodlum walk by , casper be roll backward , not pay attention . he roll into the hoodlum 's heel . casper fall down and laugh . everyone watch laugh , include telly who be still sit with Misha . casper jump up and grab he skateboard . the hoodlum be turn around . casper walk up to he with a smile . casper yo , sorry money . the hoodlum be a good seven inch taller than casper . he put he arm out like he 's upset . hoodlum yeah watch the fuck where you skate . you know what I be say ? casper ( smile ) yeah , watch where you walk duke . hoodlum what ? casper nuffin G. just forget it . hoodlum what the fuck yo ? you wanna catch a beat down ? casper throw he skateboard down . he quickly turn around and pull he pants up . he run right up to the hoodlum and he look up at he . casper sup then ? sup ? hoodlum come on bitch . throw you fist up . ext . the cement benches - day telly and Misha be watch . telly stand up . telly uh oh. casper 's in the mix . he quickly walk up . ext . the fountain - day all the guy jump up and start scream . steven oh shit . throw down . Steven and all the guy run up and surround the hoodlum . they all start scream taunt . " fuck them up casper ! " casper be inch from the hoodlum . they be both in a fight stance . casper keep pull he pants up . casper have a huge smile on he face , like this be he favorite thing in the whole world . casper sup. sup. hoodlum come on nigga . sup , sup then ? stop fake move . casper I be gonna fuck you up bitch . they be both right about to swing . everyone in the whole park have turn they attention to the scuffle . all of a sudden , out of nowhere , harold run up behind the hoodlum and with the truck of he skateboard , smashes the guy in the back of the head . a huge thud be hear and the hoodlum just kinda fall forward on he knee . casper , with a big smile , step back and kick the guy in the face as hard as he can . everyone get in a big circle around the fall hoodlum . they be all scream . even the girl be scream . " fuck them up ! " harold continue hit the hoodlum with he skateboard . hitting he on the leg and stomach . casper be jump up and down on the hoodlum 's head . casper ( everytime he kick the guy he say this ) suck my dick ! suck my dick ! suck my dick ! all of a sudden , all the skateboarder in the park , include Hamilton and Steven , take they board and start smash this guy , over and over . the hoodlum be on the ground hold he head , as everyone frantically try to kill he . the focus should be on the face of the skateboarder . how much they be enjoy this . they continue to pound he , over and over , like animal in on the prey . this should look very scary , as twenty guy try to kill the fall hoodlum . even little kid be in the middle , beat the guy . telly look up to the sky . he make a loud noise as he clear he throat , like he 's gather mucus . then he put he arm down and stop some of the kid from hit the hoodlum . his face be completely crack and bloody . telly step over he and spit a huge phlegm wad onto he face . casper , still smile , kick the guy in the face . casper suck my dick , suck my dick . suck my dick . everyone stop kick the guy and they all get kinda silent and look at he . he look completely twisted , bloody , and dead . casper bend over , right in he face . casper ( smile ) now get in my way ! bitch . CUT to black int . / ext . taxicab - go downtown - evening jennie be in the back of a speed cab . she be look out the window . her face look sad . the taxi driver be a funny look old man . he 's wear a jockey hat and a Hawaiian shirt . he have air freshener hang from the mirror . he be chew on a big wet cigar . he have a half shave beard . he look like a dirty old man . jennie look daze . as the taxi driver drive , he look in he mirror at jennie . he pull he cigar out of he mouth and then put it back in . Jazz be play on the radio . taxi driver Excuse I . can I ask you a question ? jennie just shrug . taxi driver can I ask you a question ? I be sorry . I do not mean to be a pest . jennie what ? taxi driver well , I do not mean to be a pest . it be just that I be look at you . and you look upset . I like look at you , but you face look upset . and I be wonder if I could be of any assistance ? maybe I could cheer you up or something . help make you happy . who know ? somethin maybe . as the taxi driver talk , he look in the mirror , and then look at the road . he be drive fast and clumsy . he pull out he cigar and then put it back in he mouth . jennie no. I be ok . thanks . taxi driver you be ok ? jennie yeah . taxi driver because gee , you do not look ok . I mean you a very beautiful young lady . it 's just that you look troubled that 's all ... jennie yeah well , it 's be a bad day . taxi driver a bad day ! you wanna hear a bad day ? yesterday my son be smashed over by a car and when my wife find out she collapse on the floor . she have a minor heart attack . partial paralysis . but I do not let myself get sad . no way . not I . it 's not good for the soul . the taxi driver begin to laugh a really squeaky laugh . jennie sorry . taxi driver oh it 's ok . that 's life . maybe tomorrow I will win lotto . who know ? you do not . no one do . jennie continue to look glumly out the window . taxi driver you know . I could tell you be sad by the way you eye drooped . like a adopt kid . that 's the way a adopt kid 's eye look . all sad like that . all droopy and sweet . like the honey that I lick off my finger . he start to laugh . jennie continue to look sadly out the window . taxi driver would I be pry if I ask you what be wrong ? jennie be silent . taxi driver miss , would I be pry ? jennie everything be wrong . taxi driver no , not everything ? the sun be still shin . it 's a beautiful day out . some thing be ok . right ? jennie yeah , I guess so . taxi driver do you and you boyfriend just break up ? jennie no . taxi driver be you in trouble with the law ? jennie no . taxi driver be I get warm ? jennie smile . the taxi driver look in the mirror and see jennie smile . taxi driver now that 's it . a smile . you look like a prom queen when you smile . like a glamour girl . jennie yeah ? taxi driver oh yeah , sure . when I be a kid I have a crush on the prom queen . darlene Louis . she have a big black mole in the center of she face that use to get I so excited . darlene Louis . you know you look a little bit like she . jennie thanks . taxi driver yeah . right around the cheek and chin . Boy do I have a crush on she . she be the first girl I ever put my tongue in she mouth . he stop at a red light and turn around to look at she . taxi driver hey look . whatever it be . just forget about it . life 's too short . make yourself happy . I will give you a example . when my golden retriever pass away . God rest he soul . ( he punch the roof of the cab ) I be lonesome . I miss he . so I get a tattoo . he pull up he shirt and reveal a tattoo of a dog on he forearm . it say " bruno " in big letter . taxi driver now how do you like that ? now he 's with I forever . the light turn and he start drive . taxi driver I swear to God . sometimes he bark . I can hear he straight off my arm . ruff , ruff , he go . jennie yeah ? taxi driver yeah . I be not say you should get a tattoo . but you should make yourself happy . jennie what if you can not make yourself happy ? what if everything fall apart ? taxi driver well then , I do not know . you know what you do then ? you forget . block it out . I remember when I be a little boy . my grandmother tell I to be happy . she say . she say , " Leon , my darling little grandson . if you want to be happy do not think . do not bump into any wall . if you stutter . do not talk " and I take she advice . and look at I now . could not be happier . he start to laugh . a quick shot of he identification badge . he have a really goofy smile and he 's wear the same Hawaiian shirt . taxi driver that 's life . jennie be smile . jennie you a real philosopher . taxi driver yeah . I be gonna write a book but I can not spell . he pull up on Washington Square Park . he slam on the brake and turn around in he seat . taxi driver well here we be , miss . jennie pull some money out . taxi driver aw , do not worry ' bout it . the ride on I . jennie have the money up to the glass . taxi driver all right , all right , I will take it . but forget about the tip . he take she money . jennie thanks . bye . the taxi driver stick he head out the window . taxi driver oh yeah . oh miss. miss . when you smile , God notice . that 's why the sun be shine . he point up to the sky before pull away . ext . lower east side - apartment build - evening telly be stand in the road in front of darcy 's apartment building . casper , harold , Steven , and two other girl name kim and joy be all lean against and sit on a park car . casper and Steven both have a quart of malt liquor in they hand . telly be look straight up . he put he hand together and raise they to he mouth . telly ( scream ) darcy !!! ( pause ) darcy !!! bennie , a skinny 18 year old , stick he chest out the window . he 's chew on a apple and not wear a shirt . he look down at telly telly ( yell ) hey bennie . what 's up ? bennie be munch on he apple . bennie nuffin . what do you want ? telly be you sister home ? bennie you want darcy ? telly yeah . bennie hold on . let I see if she 's here . he stick he head inside and scream . bennie ( he voice from upstairs ) darcy !!! casper be sit on the car , he have he arm wrap around Kim . casper hurry up man . let 's be out . I wanna go swimmin . telly hold up man . darcy stick she head out the window . she be very pretty , very young , clean , and innocent . darcy hey . telly hey . what be you doin right now ? darcy I be just get ready to take a bath . telly do not take a bath . come swimmin with we ! kim hi darcy . darcy ( smile , wave ) hi Kim . hi Joy . telly come on . come swimmin with we . darcy right now ? telly yeah . come on . darcy ( look inside ) hold on . telly walk over to the other guy . joy so this be you new girl , huh ? telly I hope so . for now . joy you like them kinda young right . Babies ? telly I like them new . not like you . joy fuck you . everyone start laugh . telly pull the beer we of casper 's hand and start chugge it . casper damn bitch . do not kill it . telly hand the bottle back to casper . harold yo , you think we kill that guy ? casper na. harold you sure ? casper I do not know . but all I know be that I kick he so many time my fuckin ' toe feel break . harold yo , we might have kill he . you think ? steve I do not think we kill he . because after it be through , I see he twitch . casper yeah , he be crawl around and shit . harold man we fuck he up . casper Hell ya . we break that mothafucka . joy you guy be fuck sick . you know that ? casper that 's ok . Cause that 's how I be livin . harold yep . casper slap hand with harold . darcy walk out of she apartment building . she be wear a bikini top with baggy denim jean short . her hair be push back and she have a backpack on . as she walk out of the building , telly 's eye light up . darcy ready . telly walk up to darcy and kiss she on the cheek . telly you look nice . ext . WASHINGTON square park - evening jennie be stand under the arch . she be look for telly . Misha be sit on the fountain talk to some guy . jennie walk up to Misha . misha hey girl be up ? jennie kiss Misha on the cheek . jennie just a lot of crazy shit . misha yeah ? jennie yeah . have you see telly around ? misha yeah . speak of stupid shit . him and he ape ass of a friend casper , they all just almost kill some kid . jennie what happen ? misha I do not know . just some messy little scrap . you know that bullshit . jennie do you know where he go ? misha I be not sure . he say something about meeting darcy . I think he like she now . jennie who , benny 's little sister ? misha yeah . she should be at nasa tonight . why you lookin for he ? you like he now or sometin ? jennie just look at Misha . ext . public swimming pool - night the pool be close . large black gate surround the premise . all the kid be climb up the gate . casper be the first one to the top and just jump over . eventually everyone follow . they all walk up to the pool and start take they clothes off . casper pull he shirt and pants off . he look over at Kim , who be wear g-string underwear . casper geez Kim . you body look fuckin good . kim thanks . casper it 's funny how sometimes you can not tell if a girl have a nice body until you see she without she clothes . Kim smile . harold start imitate a strong man . he start flex he muscle . he 's wear a pair of baggy boxer short . then he turn to Joy . harold hey Joy . you ever see a black man 's lasso ? joy what ? harold pull out he penis and start twirling it around . joy harold !!! she start jump up and down . everyone be crack up . harold have he dick in he hand . harold hi ho Silver and away !!! harold jump in . Steven push casper in and casper take Steven with he . Joy and Kim jump in together . casper oh shit it 's fuckin cold . they start splash each other . darcy and telly walk over to the other side and sit down on the edge of the pool with they foot in the water . telly start smile at darcy . he cup a little bit of water in he hand and pour it on she thigh . everyone else be in the water make noise and splash around . darcy ooh . you be gonna give I goose bump . telly be it cold ? darcy put some water in she hand and do the same thing . telly you know I have be think about you lately . darcy ( surprised ) you have ? telly yeah . after I see you last week . darcy at the block party ? telly yeah . darcy smile . she look a little bit embarrassed . telly I be lookin for you all day today . darcy you be ? telly sure . I even think about you when I wake up . a quick three second flashback of he have sex earlier that day with the young virgin girl . it 's very loud as she scream . telly I be like . I gotta find darcy . where be she at ? I be lookin all over . darcy smile . Joy and Kim be sit next to each other on the step in the shallow end of the pool . Steven , harold , and casper be in the water in front of the girl . Joy and Kim be both wear bras . casper I will give you a dollar if you let I suck on you tit . Kim kick water in he face . casper no I be serious . can I suck you tit ? either of you guy . I do not care . harold yeah I too . kim casper , why do you think I would let you suck on my boob ? casper I do not know . you just sit there . and you tit look clean to I . it make I want to suck on them . telly be sit in the same spot , talk to darcy . darcy I think you have a girlfriend . telly naw . I be not see anybody . what about you ? darcy no. I can not . my mom will not let I have boyfriend . telly she will not ? why not ? darcy I do not know . I guess it 's cause my sister Nicki have a baby when she be like 15 . she be really young so my mom be like very protective over I . telly yeah . I can understand that . back to the shallow end with casper , Steven , harold , Kim , and Joy . harold I truth or dare you guy to kiss each other . joy sure . we kiss all the time . they both smile at each other and kiss softly on the lip . as they part , they smile . casper you guy be dyke right ? kim no . joy no . steven then how can you kiss each other like that ? harold make a strange face . harold yeah . how can you do that shit ? kim it do not matter . it just feel good . that 's all . joy yeah . it 's not like we be gay . it 's just kissing another person , a friend . Joy grab Kim 's hand . kim yeah . joy it 's no big deal . casper I do not know . I just never see girl that do that shit before . but I think it look nice . harold yeah . do it again . telly and darcy . telly you should come back with I to Steven 's house . darcy tonight ? telly yeah . his parent be away . it 's gonna be a bug out . darcy I do not know . I be suppose to go to nasa tonight . telly come on . you can rave on another night . she look at he . telly come on . it will be fun . we will just bug out . there should be a bunch of people . it will be fun I promise . darcy yeah ? telly yeah . it will be nice . it will be a change of pace . that club shit get boring . ext . outside NASA - rave - night this be the line to nasa . people be line up and down the block wait to get inside . all the kid be wear rave clothing which resemble clown suit with stack shoe and huge colorful hat . it look like a hip -hop circus . jennie be walk quickly past everyone on line . she come to the front . sid , a short gay chinese boy with orange hair , be carry a clipboard guest list under he arm and have a sesame Street purse in he other hand . when he see jennie , he walk up and unclip the rope . sid jennie ! be up girl ? sid bend over and give jennie a kiss . jennie hi sid . after jennie walk in , sid reclip the rope . jennie walk up the stair and past the security guard and metal detector . security guard hi jennie . jennie smile and walk by . nasa be like a giant warehouse . it have hallway and room . kid invade every inch of the club . as jennie walk in , the techno music grow very loud . the music should sound as if you be stick in a fast - pace video game . kid be run around everywhere . the camera follow jennie through the club as if it be see everything jennie see . the dance floor be pack with kid hold flashlight and suck on pacifier . as she walk through the darken hallway , people be against the wall make out . as she get to the end of the hallway , there be a big crowd of people . she jump to see what everyone be look at . fidget , a short white guy who be very hyper and speak very quickly , run up to jennie and grab she wrist . fidget jennie , jennie . how do you feel ? jennie Fine fidget . what 's all this ? fidget oh man . you gotta see this . it 's a spectacle . a real spectacle . fidget pull jennie through the crowd . fidget now look at that . amazing sexual exploration . there be three girl and one boy make out against the back wall . the boy be wear a afro wig . they all have they clothes on , but they be all go at it like crazy . two of the girl be make out with each other while they rub the boy . the other girl be kissing the boy while he be feel on she body . jennie look surprised . the other kid be laugh and yell at they . one of the girl make out look at the crowd and stick she tongue out . girl you do not have to look at we . it 's not a free show . she continue make out . everyone laugh . the music be loud and add to the intensity of the scene . jennie who be they ? fidget I do not know . I have never see any of they before . cornball from Jersey on x. feelin the effex . fidget look at jennie , she look depressed . fidget come on jennie . jen. he pull she by the wrist . he take she into the bathroom . in the bathroom there be kid in big circle smoking pot and buy pill . fidget I get a present for you . he dig in he pocket . jennie what be it ? fidget bang up stuff . he pull out a pill . fidget this make special k look weak . it 's a euphoric blockbuster . jennie no , fidget , I ... fidget come on jennie . you look sad . just take it . jennie no ... fidget here . swallow . he put the pill in she mouth , and she reluctantly take it . fidget now you will be floatin up in techno heaven . do not worry , trick be for kid . int . steven' house - night Steven 's house . it 's a big mess . almost no furniture except for a ratty couch and a television set . hip-hop music be play . there be about 15 kid in total , mainly boy . everyone be run around and drink . some kid be throw water balloon out the window . another kid be jump off the couch and try to put footprint on the ceiling . another boy be urinate into a plant in the corner of the kitchen . there be a bunch of boy and girl on the ground lie on top of each other laugh . everyone be smoking and drink . a chubby girl with brace be talk to casper . she be drunk . chubby girl hey casper . why do they call you casper ? casper ' Cause casper be my name . chubby girl but that 's not you real name . no one 's name be casper . casper damn bitch . that 's my name . why do you always ask I the same shit ? why do not you go lose some fuck weight ? harold be in the corner with one shoe off . he be sit next to a pretty oriental girl . he be hold a beer in he hand . harold come on . let I kiss you . she turn she head . harold just let I kiss you . lemme kiss you neck . you look pretty . he start pull she head , she be resisting . harold come on . just one kiss . Steven be lie in the middle of the floor with Kim . the two of they be make out . Steven be rub in between she leg , she be wear baggy jeans and she hip be move with he hand , from side to side . Joy be on the couch watch , look excited . Hamilton be in the bathroom throw up . int . NASA - night jennie be sit on a platform next to a huge speaker . the noise be extremely loud . she look very daze , her head be propped up against the speaker . she be watch all the kid dance . tamara , one of she friend , walk up and tug on she leg . tamara dance ! jennie what ? tamara come dance . jennie I do not feel so well . have you see telly anywhere ? tamara telly be at Steven 's . there 's a bunch of people over there . come on dance . she pull jennie 's leg . jennie jump down . jennie telly be at Steve n's ? tamara I guess so . jennie put she hand on she forehead . she look dizzy . jennie oh my God . what 's go on ? tamara hand jennie a drink . ext . in front of steven' house - night telly and darcy be kissing each other in front of the apartment building . telly do you like kissing I ? darcy yes . he kiss she again . telly do you like I ? darcy nod . darcy uh huh . telly I think you be like the best girl I have ever kiss . darcy kiss telly . she begin to suck he bottom lip . telly I do not even want to talk , but I gotta tell you that when I first see you last week , I , I could not stop think about you . you have be stick in my head . darcy come on . telly no . no , I be serious . I be not joke . I just like you . that 's all . darcy I like you too . he start kissing she neck and chin . int . / ext . taxi - night the car be very dark . jennie be in the backseat , scoot all the way in the corner . it be silent except for the sound of the bumpy ride . everything be silent for a while as jennie look more and more upset . she have a quart in she hand . jennie ( silently as she look out the window ) I be not gonna die . jennie shed a few tear and then wipe they off with the hand she be hold the beer with . int . steven' apartment - night the light be all almost out in Steven 's apartment . Music be still play . everyone be either make out or pass out . the chubby girl be watch television and eat potato chip . Steven have Kim propped up against the couch . hr shirt be off and the two of they be passionately kissing . she be make loud moan noise . telly walk up to he and tap he on the head . telly hey Steven . yo Steven . Steven continue to make out . telly come on man . Steven . Steve turn he head , he look sweaty and red . steven what man ? what be it ? telly yo , let I get in you parent 's room man . just fir a litte while . steven I can not man . telly come on Steven hook I up . do I this solid . ( he whisper ) come on man . I gotta get darcy alone . she 's gonna let I fuck she man . please . steven shit . all right . but do not fuck with anything ok ? telly ok . Steven put he tongue back in Kim 's mouth . int . / ext . taxi - night jennie be drink a beer in the backseat of the taxi . she look upset . int . steven' parent bedroom - night the bedroom be very neat and orderly . telly walk in and immediately turn off all the light . he turn on the small light by the bed . it cast a dim glow . he turn around and push she against the door . he start kissing she really hard . she be respond but a bit slow and shy . darcy I be nervous . telly trust I . do not be nervous . he start feel she up . int . steven' apartment stairwell - night jennie be slowly walk up a staircase . she look drunk and sick . Music be hear from Steven 's house . int . steven' house - night everybody be make out ; the house be really quiet except for the stereo . people be all over the floor , some of they be pass out . harold be asleep on top of the chinese girl , in the corner . int . bathroom - night casper be sit in the bathtub with the leg hang out . he be smoking a joint . Hamilton be sit with he head on the toilet . casper move to give Hamilton a hit off he joint . Hamilton put he hand up and nod . casper pussy . casper take another hit . int steven' apartment - night the door be open . jennie stumble in . she look for the lightswitch but can not find . she start walk around the room , look at everyone make out , try to distinguish if it 's telly or not . as she walk she trip on Steven 's leg . jennie look down . jennie sorry . Steven do not notice . int . steven' parent bedroom - night telly and darcy be in bed . darcy be mostly under the cover . telly be on top of the bed . he be naked except for he underwear . darcy be wear a bra . telly be brush she hair back with he finger . this scene should resemble the first scene . telly I like you so much . I think you be beautiful . I think if we fuck you would love it . you would not believe it . darcy how do you know ? telly I just know . I know you will love it . darcy but I be scared telly . telly I be tell you . there 's nothing in the world to worry about . darcy nothing ? telly scoot up and kiss she . telly nothing . I be tell you I just want to make you happy . that 's all . just trust I . darcy I do not want you to hurt I . telly I do not want you to hurt you . I will be gentle . darcy do you care about I ? telly of course I do . int . bathroom - night casper be in the bathroom kick he leg up and down against the tub . Hamilton be pass out . his head rest on the toilet seat . casper be sing loudly . casper ( sing to himself ) I be casper the friendly ghost . I be casper the friendly ghost . gee you know I be the most . the girl love I because I be casper . the dopest ghost in town . fuck yeah . yee haw . fuckin ... jennie walk into the bathroom . jennie casper . casper hey jennie . Long time no see . what be you do here ? jennie casper , where 's telly . casper what do ya want with telly ? that guy have enough bitch . jennie ( almost in tear ) casper , where be he ? casper do not look for he . he 's do fine . he 's gotta girl . he 's fuckin she right now in Steven 's parent ' room . so do ya know Joe . jennie run out of the bathroom . casper ( to himself ) what be you worried about for he ? int . steven' parent bedroom - night all the blanket be off the bed . the room be light only by the lamp next to the bed . darcy and telly be under the cover have sex . darcy look like she 's in a considerable amount of pain . the two of they be breathe loudly in unison . the door next to the bed creak open . jennie look through the crack . int . hallway in front of door - night jennie be look at telly have sex . int . bedroom - night the headboard be smack back and forth . darcy be moan . telly that 's it . you be doin fine . come on darcy . that 's it . he look up at the door and notice someone be watch . telly shut the fuck door !!! jennie slam the door shut . telly continue have sex with darcy . int . hallway in front of door - night jennie be weak and cry . she run to the empty couch and continue to cry . she put she foot against she chest like a little baby . she continue to cry . everyone else be asleep . the camera watch she cry on the couch . the sound of she cry mix with the scream of telly have a orgasm . fade to black when it fade back in , everybody be asleep . it be completely quiet . the television be on fuzz . people be sleep on top of each other . jennie be asleep on the couch . even Steven 's cat be asleep in front of a small fan on the kitchen table . the house be completely quiet . int . bathroom - night casper be awake . he climb out of the tub and step over Hamilton 's leg . he look at Hamilton asleep on the toilet . then casper bend over and flush it . it make a loud noise but Hamilton do not budge . int . live room - night casper stumble out of the bathroom . he walk into the live room and look around at everyone . casper walk into the kitchen . there be a bunch of empty quart bottle lie on the butcher block . he pick one up and twirl it around , but it 's empty . then he pick up another one and drink the remain fuzz . a little bit of fuzz run down he cheek . casper walk back into the live room . he walk over to where harold be asleep and just look at he for a second . then casper walk down the hallway to the door in front of Steven 's parent 's bedroom . he open the door wide and look at the two , both naked and asleep in each other 's arm . casper ( to himself ) lucky fuckin bastard . casper shut the door . he walk back through the hallway and into the live room . when he get in the live room , he look around , then he flop down beside jennie on the couch . he put he hand down he pants and start itching . casper look beside he foot and see Steven sleep with he head on top of Kim 's stomach . casper continue to scratch he ball . then he look over beside he at jennie scrunch up asleep . casper look around to see if anyone be awake in the room . everybody be asleep . he scoot up close to jennie and look at she . casper nudge she shoulder . casper ( whisper ) jennie . jennie . jennie do not respond . as casper take he hand off she shoulder , he gently rub she breast . he move he hand down she stomach and gently between she thigh . he caress she . she do not feel anything . casper bend over and put he face by she ear . casper ( whisper ) jennie . please wake up . it 's I casper . jennie . she do not respond . casper start kissing jennie 's ear . she swat she shoulder . casper get up and look at she . he stare at she stomach and crotch . he put he hand on she jeans and then he undoe she belt . he be very careful not to make any abrupt movement . as he unclip she jeans he watch she face to see if there be any kind of response . casper ( whisper ) jennie . do not worry . it 's I casper . he slowly pull she pants down . she be wear teddy bear underwear . casper throw she pants to the ground and then he look at she leg . with he fingertip he start caress she soft skin . then he get off the couch and onto he knee . he put one leg on he shoulder and the other on the couch . he look at she and then pull she panty off . casper quickly undoe he pants and get in betwen she leg . he put she hand around he shoulder . jennie be sort of come to but she have no energy . she make some noise but she be pass out and powerless . her eye be close the whole time . she be not aware of what be happen . jennie ( slur and unconscious ) do not . please do not . no. no . casper start situating himself . she be totally limp . casper shh . do not worry jennie . it 's I casper . casper have he knee on the floor as he take advantage of jennie . jennie move she arm a little bit . casper be breathe fast and heavy . CUT to black as the scene end in blackness , the sound of casper 's heavy breathe persist . then it slowly fade out and everything be silent . ext . outside manhattan - day the bird be chirp . people be go to work . store be open . homeless people be just waking up from doorway slumber . Morning in Manhattan . as telly do he v.o. , the camera will show everyone asleep in the apartment . it will go all around the room as daylight enter through the window . the camera also watch telly and darcy asleep in each other 's arm 's . telly ( v.o. ) when you be young . not much matter . when you find something that you care about , then that 's all you get . when you young . a lot of the time fuck be all you have , hen you go to sleep at night , you dream of pussy . when you wake up , it 's the same thing . it 's in you face , in you dream , you can not escape it . sometimes when you be young , the only place to go be inside . that 's just it . Fucking be what I love . take that away from I , and I really get nothin . the camera focus on casper . he be sit up awake on the couch . all he clothes be off . he look straight into the camera . casper Jesus Christ . what happen ? rapid CUT to black roll final credit the end