kill you darling written by John krokidas and Austin bunn Story by Austin bunn base on a true Story final shoot script ext . riverside park - night underwater . shaft of erode light slice into the depth of the Hudson River . the ghostly melody of " lili marlene , " the ache of the war-time lover , play as a strange shadow drift into view . we realize it be a body . allen ( v.o . ) some thing , once you have love they , become yours forever . the body break the surface and we see the face of its owner ---- david kammerer , 33 , bearded , handsome . he be clothed , open white shirt , khakis . Dead . allen ( v.o . ) and if you try to let they go ... suddenly , a breath : he come back to life . David float back to lucien carr , 20 , ( blonde , beautiful , shirtless and terrify ) , waist deep in the water . the scene be play in reverse motion . allen ( v.o . ) they only circle back and return to you . David 's body lift into the young man 's arm . we see David 's foot and hand be tied together with shoelace . Stones rise back into he pocket . allen ( v.o . ) they become part of who you be ... a stain of blood on David 's chest shrink , vanish . David 's eye OPEN . CUT to : int . the tomb - day lucien ... or they destroy you . from behind the bar of a jail cell , lucien carr ( the young man from the open ) finish read from a paper manuscript in he hand . 2 . lucien , furious , crumple it up . lucien you can not show this to anyone . we pull back to reveal the author of the manuscript : a eighteen - year-old allen ginsberg . unslept and exhaust . but determine . Allen stare defiantly at lucien from the other side of the bar . allen then tell the truth , lu. lucien you be not even there . it 's you truth . it 's fiction . Allen grab for he manuscript back , but lucien pull it out of reach . lucien you want he go too . you send he to I . Allen reach through the bar and snatch the paper . lucien will not let go -- it 's a tug of war between the two boy , two will . Allen yank the paper from lucien 's grip and win . lucien , panic . lucien ( cont 'd ) please . you will kill I with that . Allen turn and race towards the exit of the prison . desperate , lucien call out after he . lucien Allen ! no ! Allen do not turn . a alarm hammer through the prison . lucien Allen ! no! don 't ...! CUT to black . insert title : kill you darling CUT to : 3. ext . ginsberg home - night super : paterson , new jersey . 1943 . one year earlier . over a strip of work - class row home , we hear the sound of a radio announcer give a dispatch from the war front . radio announcer ( v.o . ) american daylight bomber be busy again , as we liberator with fighter escort continue the air offensive with another sock at german coastal installation in France . int . ginsberg home - night the radio continue play to a modest home . we see a young man clean house , sweeping in the background . radio announcer ( v.o . ) but the Germans report a big new red army push toward Romania . this be World War news . as the war report end , a stuffy musical piece begin . we hear a groan from the young man . from out of the background emerge Allen ginsberg ( now 17 , fresh -face , horn-rimmed glass , dutiful son ) . the kind of kid who take care of everything . he storm up to the radio , switch the station to a fast - pace boogie- woogie number . he smile and dance joyfully to the up - beat number with he broom . the door slam . Allen look up , catch in the act , to see he father louis ( 40' , school teacher , jewish work - class poet ) home from work . Allen accidentally drop the broom . louis how be she today ? Louis turn off the music . the playful mood die . Allen spot the mail in he father 's hand . allen Fine . anything for I ? louis why ? you expect something ? Allen look down , a bad liar . 4. allen no . suddenly , from upstairs , the sound of glass shatter . then a woman whimper in pain . Allen , worried , look off , dread in he face . his father just sigh . louis I tell you it would not work . Allen rush upstairs . int . master bedroom , ginsberg home - night Allen run into a dark room , flip on the light . allen Mom ? his mother naomi ( early 40' , jewish , deep personality disorder ) squat in the corner of the room , in a dirty bathrobe . her knuckle be bleed . naomi you have get to get I out of here . he nail the window shut while I be in the bath . she motion to the shattered window pane across the room . Allen see she blood on the sill , where she try to escape . he move towards she , to console she . what he 's good at . allen dad do not do that . I nail the window . because you be not right . naomi , in the midst of a paranoid attack , put she finger to she mouth . naomi shhh ... Allen . he can hear you ! Allen wrap he mother 's hand with a dish towel . allen you have to rest . clear you head . do you want to go back to greystone ? naomi he would not dare put I back there . 5 . allen then listen to I . naomi shhhh . he can hear you ! she 's lose it . Allen quickly think , turn to she bureau . he pull out a record , start the phonograph and turn up the volume . allen can he still hear I ? a brahm waltz play . naomi what do you say ? Allen turn the music up all the way . Allen mime deafness . finally , she understand : they sound be drown out by the music . Allen reach for she . she finally soften , take he hand . as mother and son waltz together with the music , naomi clutches Allen to she , like he 's the only thing keep she sane . because he be . naomi do not ever leave I . Allen , trap , over she shoulder . from the doorway , we see that Louis have be watch the whole time . ext . ginsberg front porch - night overwhelm , Allen shake on the front stair . she 's not well . the faint sound of jazz , fun from someone else 's home from down the block . Louis come out onto the porch , with a open letter in hand from the mail pile . he 's upset . louis be you even go to tell I you apply ?! Allen spy the " Columbia University " seal on the front . he 's be catch . he look down , ashamed . 6 . allen I do not want she to know . ( beat ) it be a dream anyway . Louis light he own cigarette . offer he son one . he decline . louis ( talk to himself , dream ) trill 's there . Van doren . English Professors . important fellow . and New York City , right in you goddamn lap . Louis sit beside he son . louis Love that be hoard , mold at last . Allen , surprised to hear he dad recite one of he poem . louis until we know , the only thing we have -- allen be what we give away . louis be what we hand away . have , hand . consonance . allen give , be . assonance . louis I write the goddamn poem . go write you own . Louis hand over the letter . the hardest thing he 's ever do . Allen take the envelope , rip it open . he 's look at the response in shock . Louis try to read he son 's face . allen I get in . louis you get in ?! 7. allen I get into Columbia University ! louis you get into Columbia University ?! Allen and he father embrace . CUT to : ext . columbia quad - day first day of college . Allen cross the grand ivy League campus in awe . before he , the staggering facade of the library like the parthenon . a troop of navy midshipmen pass by . wartime be on . int . allen' dorm room - day Allen set he bag on he bed . he notice on one wall be patriotic poster , exercise poster . he 's already get a roommate . he eye a map of the New York City subway system . he can not believe he 's really here in the big city . he walk over to it . Allen study the map , he finger glide down to greenwich Village . luke ( o.s. ) you do not wanna go down there . his roommate luke , 18 , buzz cut , in a sweaty Columbia sweatshirt , lean over he . luke land of the fairy . head there and you never come back . ( extend a firm hand ) luke detweiler , danville , Virginia . allen Allen ginsberg . luke ( bright smile ) you be jewish , right ? Allen nod . luke smack he on the shoulder . 8. luke I be get good at tell . int . library , MAIN hall - day the beautiful main hall of Columbia University 's butler Library . it 's ivy League tradition meet thousand of year of scholarship . a pompous tour guide show off museum - like glass vitrine to new and prospective student with they family . tour guide the South Hall library be a church , and this be the sacrament . Allen stumble along on the tour . the tour guide point to the content of the vitrine : the wonder of literary history . tour guide original folio of the most important text in history . beowolf . first folio hamlet . the gutenberg Bible . Allen look down , amaze . that 's Shakespeare 's handwrite . tour this be among the University 's most prize possession . suddenly , in a reflection in the glass , a flash of red catch Allen 's eye . lucien ( o.s. ) let 's hear a bit , shall we ? Allen turn to see lucien carr ( now 19 , devilish , stunningly handsome ) leap onto a library desk with a book in hand . he wear a distinctive red cravat that only the truly beautiful can pull off . the entire room hush . lucien ( recite ) on a Sunday afternoon , when the shutter be down and the proletariat possess the street ... the tour guide look around confuse . 9 . lucien ... there be certain thoroughfare which remind one of nothing less ... lucien get on he knee and thrust a lamp between he leg . lucien ... than a big cancerous cock . Parents look around in shock . a female student be instantly arouse . the prim permission librarian clomp over . permission librarian what be this nonsense ? lucien Henry Miller . permission librarian get down immediately . that book be restrict . lucien which be why I commit it to memory . permission librarian Security ! as two campus Security Guards rush in , lucien leap down in front of Allen . lucien alert the press ! tell they lucien carr be innocent ! lucien flee , rush out of the library . tour guide that be highly unusual . campus be actually quite quiet . move on . but Allen do not hear , he grin to himself . who the hell be that ? professor steeve ( v.o . ) the victorian sonnet have the balance of three tenet . int . lecture hall - day patrician , old - guard professor steeve lecture on the first day of class , Allen dutifully take note in he journal . 10 . professor steeve rhyme , meter , conceit . without this balance , a poem become slack , sloppy . a untucked shirt . Allen disagree and raise he hand . allen Professor steeve , then how do you explain Whitman ? no one interrupt Professor steeve . murmur from around the class . steeve lock down he gaze on Allen . professor steeve say more . two more sentence . allen he hate rhyme and meter . the whole point be untuck you shirt . Professor steeve smile to himself . there 's one of they every year . professor steeve what 's you name ? allen Allen ginsberg . professor steeve ginsberg ? you father perhaps be the poet Louis ginsberg ? Allen nod . professor steeve he write rhyme , metere verse . why do you think he choose that form ? all eye on Allen . allen because it 's easier . the class titter . Professor steeve hush they . professor steeve this university exist because of tradition and form . would you rather this building be build by engineer or Whitman and he boy at play ? 11 . Allen , realize he be trap , unable to answer . Professor steeve smile victoriously and write on the blackboard . professor steeve there can be no creation before imitation . the other student take note . Allen sigh , follow suit . from the back row , lucien watch Allen and unsheathes a grin . int . allen' dorm room - night luke , dress in a suit , put on cologne . he look back at Allen who be copying from a tome of sonnet . luke shut the book . we be take my brother with we to the social . he ship out tomorrow . allen I can not . you see how much I have get to do . luke he 's navy . it 's catnip for the skirt . luke pull out he own waistband and spray some cologne down the front . Allen shake he head . luke shrug . luke you hymy be really all about work , huh ? luke slam the door behind . Allen , alone stare out the window . a record start up down the hall . clarinet , string . Allen 's ear prick up . he know this tune . it 's the same brahm from he mother 's bedroom . int . dorm hallway - night Allen walk down a darken hallway , the music lead he forward . he reach a door with a light transom . he knock . the unlock door creak open . 12 . int . lucien carr dorm room - night a mattress lie on the floor , a phonograph on top . candle light the room . book for furniture . and lucien on the floor , read the Times and smoking . allen brahm ? Allen walk inside . lucien look up , surprised . lucien finally . a oasis in this wasteland . nervous , Allen try to make conversation . allen how come you be not at the social ? lucien only the most anti-social have to go to a event actually call one . libation ? lucien rise and grab a wine bottle cork with a sock . Allen look nervously towards the door . allen you drink in you room ?! lucien how do a horrible bottle of chianti sound ? lucien invert two small glass and pour . Allen stare . he do not break the rule . allen I do not drink . lucien freshman ? allen yes . lucien hand he he glass . lucien excellent . I love first time . I want my whole life to be compose of they . life be only interesting if life be wide . 13 . lucien toast Allen 's glass . lucien to Walt Whitman , you dirty bastard . Allen , mortify , not sure how to take that reference as lucien knock he wine back in one gulp . lucien how 's you yeat ? have you read a vision ? he toss Allen a book . dog-eare , underline and crumble . allen never hear of it . lucien it 's completely brilliant and impossible . he say life be round : we be stick on this wheel . live . and die . Allen open the book , look through the old page , see a strange symbol : a diagram of a celestial wheel . lucien a endless circle . until . someone break it . you come in here , you rupture the pattern . bang : the whole world ... allen lucien get wider . get wider . lucien look at Allen , amaze . lucien how do you ...? allen consonance . reiteration of theme . lucien , intrigue , circle in close . lucien be you a writer ? because I have get a job for a writer . Allen , mesmerize . allen no. I be not . 14 . lucien well , you be not anything yet . this boy so close , the rush of contact . from down the hall ... hall monitor ( o.s. ) ginsberg ?! Allen do not even register he name . lucien smirk . lucien be not that you ? hall monitor ( o.s. ) ginsberg ?! Allen groan , snap out of it . allen what ?! hall monitor ( o.s. ) phone call ! Allen reluctantly hand lucien back the book . allen I will be back . int . dorm hallway - continuous the Hall monitor hand Allen the phone . allen hello ? naomi ( o.s. ) I find the wire . int . hallway , ginsberg home - night naomi grip the phone desperately . we see she have stripped the wallpaper from the wall and pull the telephone wire out from underneath . naomi he 's try to get inside my head . allen ( o.s. ) dad be not try to get inside you head , okay ? put he on . 15 . naomi he 's not home . he leave . int . dorm hallway - night Allen , confuse . up the hallway , a door lock . allen where would he go ? int . ginsberg home - night naomi look out the window , do not want to answer . naomi honey , I need you come home now . allen ( o.s. ) Mom I can not come home . listen , you have to look after yourself . naomi I do not feel good . int . dorm hallway - continuous lucien pass Allen , put on he coat , head out to the city . allen ( whisper , to lucien ) you be go to the dance ? lucien no. downtown . naomi ( o.s. ) who be you talk to ? be he there with you ?! allen no , he 's not here with I . lucien quickly wave goodbye to Allen , head down the staircase . Allen , tear between he mother and this boy . allen ( into the phone ) listen , I will come as soon as I can . 16 . int . ginsberg home - night naomi , clutches the phone , deadly serious . naomi you need to promise . int . dorm hallway - night lucien slide down the stairway rail . Allen watch he disappear . allen yes. ipromiseloveyoubye . Allen hang up on he mother and race after lucien . int . stairwell - night Allen , breathless , storm down a flight of stair , catch up to lucien . lucien turn , loving this . the puppy follow he new master . lucien come ? ext . columbia entrance - night lucien throw he jacket over Allen 's shoulder and lead he into the wild city around the corner . lucien welcome to the edge of the world . the sound of the irt screeching take we to the subway map from Allen 's dorm room which come to life . a red line glide down the map from Columbia University all the way ...to greenwich Village . CUT to : int . stair / apartment , 48 morton STREET - night Allen , anxious , follow lucien up a crowded staircase to a West Village apartment . the sound of a party spill out onto the landing and beyond . it 's pure bohemia here . 17 . smoke , artist flirt , argue . Allen see ... a black man make out with a white woman . a older , elegant woman share a cigarette with a boy half she age . she stare seductively at Allen . lucien enjoy himself immensely . this be what a first time look like . lucien Allen in wonderland . lucien grab a drunk young girl from the crowd , kiss she passionately . then let she go , keep walk . allen do you know she ?! lucien no , and I do not plan on it . she taste like import sophistication and domestic cigarettes . int . bathroom , 48 morton apartment - night a makeshift bar in a sink full of ice . lucien scavenge through empty bottle in the sink , look for any remain alcohol . lucien ( call out ) Dave ! where 's the liquor ?! I will be right back . as lucien walk off , Allen try to make himself inconspicuous and sit down on the tub . bill ( o.s. ) hrffrff hrffrfffrfrfrrf . Allen look down to see william burroughs ( aka bill , 29 , tall , gaunt , wry ) , in a suit , sprawle out in the bathtub : a gas mask over he mouth . Bill motion to the side of the tub . bill ( through the mask ) you're ... pinching ... Allen stand up , realize he foot be on a snake black tube lead to a metal canister of gas . allen sorry . be you all right ? 18 . bill ( long exhale ) artifact in the visual field , some light - headedness . motor hyperactivity . allen what be that ? bill nitrous oxide , for narcoanalysis . know thyself . and beshit thyself . ever do that ? Allen shake he head no . Bill turn off the gas . offer a joint to Allen . allen oh no , thanks . I do not do ... the cannabis . Bill eye Allen , skeptically . bill show I the man both sober and happy , and I will show you the crinkle anus of a lie asshole . Allen raise a eyebrow . lucien return with a paper in hand . lucien Allen , willy . willy , Allen , lucien reefer . lucien take the joint . Bill put the tube of gas back in he mouth , back to business . lucien grab Allen 's hand , pull he to the party . allen ( whisper ) be he a criminal ? lucien he wish he be a criminal . the burrough family be richer than god. allen he look like a criminal . 19 . lucien he 's a Harvard man , and he 's go to be a amazing artist . his current medium be himself . Allen spot the term paper in lucien 's hand . allen what 's that ? lucien bunk for school . now , come on , I want you to meet we host . int . live room , 48 morton apartment - night david kammerer , the man we see dead at the film 's open , run he finger on the rim of a wine glass . he 's sharp , the mayor of this scene . a eerie hum from the glass . david what there be , darling and demoiselle , be a circle . life be round . pattern , routine , a wheel of self -abuse . Margaret , do not even deny it . Allen turn to lucien . allen ( whisper ) sound like you . lucien because it be I . first . David see the boy talk . he eye Allen , curiously . david until . the the disruption we long for , come along and the circle be break . lucien ( whisper , to Allen ) he say he be my guardian angel , but that I be too much work . David cross through crowd towards Allen . david take this unbloom stalwart . 20 . uh-oh . Allen 's single out . David pull he to the center of the room . david and you be ? allen Allen . Bill walk in , know what game he friend be play . bill play nice , David . david Allen , who come uninvite to my apartment . lucien actually I invite he . david none of we notice he . look at he . why would we bother ? in he tuck shirt and crease pants , Allen realize the entire party be scrutinize , judge he . david so the pattern of we evening , we life , hold . but under the right circumstance , even he might change the world . Jazz music spark , pre - lap from where this party 's go next . lucien eye Allen -- a idea form . CUT to : int . tavern - night the party continue at this underground speakeasy . straight , gay , young , old , a subterranean zoo . a jazz signer own the room . Bill , David , and Allen at a table . David 's moment alone with Allen . david so you just meet lucien in the lunch line and now he 's all that you can see . 21 . allen why do not you like I ? bill because David be in the same godforsake line . David and Bill share a know look . lucien return to the table and slam a glass down . lucien some earjob at the bar just call I " boy . " so I steal he drink . Allen scan , see the famous poet ogden nash look around for he glass . allen that 's Ogden nash ! lucien who 's Ogden nash ? allen the best sell poet in the country . bill " a girl who be bespectacle . she may not get she nectacle . but safety pin and bassinet -- " david " await the girl who fassinet . " lucien and that 's what he 's sell ?! I will kill he . Bill take out a switchblade . bill aim for the throat . a realization . lucien lean in , focus he charm . lucien no . we be not go to kill he . even better . we be go make sure nobody remember he . ( turn to Allen ) how many man start the Renaissance ? 22 . allen two . lucien and the romantics . david more than I suspect this theory accommodate . allen ( five ? ) lucien 's passion building . lucien we be send million to fight the fascist in Europe , but they be here ! meter and rhyme --- allen and Professor steeve --- lucien yes ! they be all guard in some prison . let 's make the prisoner come out and play . let 's come up with new word , new rhythm . Allen , sweep up in the energy . he could not be more captivate . lucien we need a name . allen how do they come up " dada " ? bill Tristan tzara jabbe a knife into a dictionary . lucien shit . so that 's be do . david a literary revolution without write a word . neat trick , lu. bill well , I be listen . 23 . allen what about yeat ? how about the " New vision ? " lucien ginsy , you be hire ! Allen smile a mile wide . he 's in . suddenly , the jazz singer stop . the band put down they instrument . policemen escort a businessman and another gentleman out of the bathroom , in handcuff . the mood in the bar chill . bar -goer ( o.s. ) Fucking pervert . Allen , terrify , look at David , who look back , know exactly now who Allen be . a door crash lead we to ... ext . bar - dawn drunk , Allen and lucien stumble to the ground . lucien " in the dawn , armed with a burn patience , we shall enter the splendid city ! " Allen sit up . allen shit . lucien it 's rimbaud . it 's overwritten , I know . he 's allow . allen no , my mother . this be bad . this be very bad . lucien what be ? Allen stand , gather himself urgently . he need to be somewhere about twelve hour ago . allen she 's go to be furious . 24 . lucien do not go then . allen you do not understand . I have to . lucien what ? allen it 's complicated . lucien see he friend scared . move , he link he arm with allen' . lucien perfect . I love complicated . int . ginsberg home - day Allen and lucien enter the house to find Louis stand nervously with a suitcase beside a doctor . doctor greystone will alert you if there 's a change in she condition . a doctor hold out a clipboard . Louis sheepishly sign the document on top . allen dad , what 's go on ? louis you mother need she rest . a male nurse lead naomi from the bedroom . she be still in she robe , shattered and fogge by sedative . Allen realize what 's happen . allen ( to he father ) you can not do this to she . naomi recognize she son . naomi where be you ? allen I be out . with a friend . 25 . naomi I call you ! male nurse it 's time to go , Mrs. ginsberg . the nurse take naomi to the door . Allen pull she back , into the house . allen no , you be not leave . naomi point a accuse finger at Louis . naomi he already sign the papers . allen dad ?! louis it 's for the best . allen you best . louis it 's for she best . it 's not for my best . look at she ! listen to she ! naomi babbling . Allen realize how far she 's go . Allen shove the nurse off naomi . allen get off ! from deep within , Allen can see she be still there , and we can see she know that it 's too late . naomi this be you fault . the nurse escort a docile naomi out of the room . Allen break down . lucien , mute witness to it all . music plays over ... int . ginsberg hallway - night Louis lecture Allen . we close in on Allen 's despondent face . the dutiful son' first failure . 26 . ext . ginsberg front porch - night Allen escape outside where lucien be sit , smoking . Allen sit beside he , notice : lucien have be cry . allen complicate enough ? lucien at least you have she . my father leave I when I be four . a beat of understanding between they . lucien lay down . Allen take he cigarette , lay next to he . allen I have be think about what yeat say . to be reborn , we have to die first . Allen hand he back the smoke . lucien perk up . lucien so what do you suggest ? int . lucien carr dorm room - night candlelight flicker on Allen 's face . allen I have spend my life make other people happy . we pull back to see a noose around Allen 's neck . a suicide be underway . allen it 's time I find happiness the only way I see possible . lucien ( o.s. ) oh please . die already . we pull back again to see lucien beside , also with a noose around he neck . both of they on chair . they noose be attach to the same pipe . lucien where 's the verve ? the brio ?! from atop the chair , lucien kick he record player with he foot . Grand classical music screech to a start . 27 . lucien if it be that I be indulge my self - consciousness in justify myself , or if it be -- allen that 's a run-on . lucien do not edit I ! lucien shove Allen . Allen trip off the chair , the noose snap tight ... and suddenly he 's hang in mid-air . he struggle . lucien try to help , but fall off he own chair . the pipe start to bend . Allen and lucien panic as they swing through the room , suspend in air . the pipe break . they crash to the ground . a beat of relief -- be we alive ? -- and the two break out into hysterics . dirty be - bop jazz plays over ... a red line travel up the subway map from columbia university to harlem bring US to ... int . harlem nightclub ( mintone playhouse ) - night the black crowd clap for the same jazz singer and band we see earlier , now on they home turf . Allen , lucien and Bill watch from a table . allen ( o.s. ) the New vision declare -- lucien ( o.s. ) " proclaim " be better -- int . david' apartment ( 48 morton ) - day lucien and Allen pace while Bill recline on the sofa . they riff on the the New vision manifesto . allen proclaim the death of morality . and ... 28 . lucien the expression of self . allen the true , uninhibit , uncensor expression of the self . bill word , boy . empty word . lucien then what do you suggest ? bill the derangement of the sense . CUT to : int . jazz club - night Allen bop he head to the new rhythm in this club - the place where be - bop jazz be be bear . CUT to : int . 48 morton apartment - day Bill crack open a benzedrine canister and remove the soaking strip from inside . he drop it into three coffee cup . the boy knock it back , lucien push Allen to finish the whole drink . CUT to : int . dorm - day Allen furiously type up the manifesto at he school desk . bill ( o.s. ) what do you hate from the pit of you gut ? int . 48 morton apartment - day Allen , lucien pace with increase excitement . lucien institution . 29 . allen paterson , New Jersey . lucien my father . Bill smile . they be play he game . bill bingo . the music suddenly stop as we ... CUT to : int . lecture hall - day Professor steeve lecture before the class . professor steeve and so while Shakespeare ... he notice Allen 's empty seat . unhappy . professor steeve all right . the music build again as ... CUT to : int . jazz club - night ... a drummer take a wild solo . enrapture , Allen tap he finger to this new rhythm . CUT to : int . allen' dorm room - day Allen 's finger type in this same rhythm . beside , the New Yorker advertising Ogden nash 's upcoming read . lucien ( o.s. ) extraordinary man propel society forward . it be we duty to break the law . 30 . int . 48 morton apartment - day Allen stop lucien in he track . allen really ? lucien it 's how we make the world wider . Allen consider , agree . allen you be a extraordinary man . lucien beam . lucien well , thank you . int . 48 morton apartment - a hour later Bill at David 's bookcase , remove classic art and literature book and throw they to Allen . bill ( o.s. ) " return of the Native . " " leviathan . " tear `em up boy . destroy the old and build the new ! Allen , with scissors , cut up page of the book . hand they to lucien who nail they to the wall . it 's a frantic assembly - line : Bill whip book to Allen , Allen tear out section , and lucien hammer they up . we pull back to see the entire wall be cover in word . int . harlem nightclub - night time suddenly slow . the music taper , the hand of the drummer taper down to a still . Allen look around , scared and confuse . what be happen ? a spotlight cut through the room , capture the singer 's sweaty ecstasy , the bassist 's finger mid-pluck . the room freeze . unlit cigarette dangle from he lip , Allen turn to Bill . 31 . Bill hold up he finger - it be on fire . he light Allen 's cigarette with the flame . we have enter into another universe . lucien stand -- the only thing move -- and Allen follow . he step into the freeze moment . and it 's beautiful . lucien watch this . lucien lean over a young woman , a statue at a table with a young man in military attire . lucien ( whisper in she ear ) go. the girl come to life and clamber over the young man to a second , more attractive soldier . and kiss he . the pair erupt into life , into desire . lucien and Allen sit on the stage beneath the freeze musician . lucien pull out a boy scout knife . wrap Allen 's hand in a fist around the blade . he pull the knife free . Allen wince in pain . lucien do the same to he own palm , then press they two bloody hand together . a ceremony . Allen 's eye roll back . David appear in a janitor uniform . the technicolor fade . david what the hell be this ? CUT to : int . 48 morton apartment - night Allen , the nitrous oxide mask over he face inhale from a tank of gas . he have be adrift in a hallucination . lucien press Allen 's hand back and forth , both unharme . bill time slow down as you drift deeper and deeper into you cave ... Bill notice David , turn off the gas . 32 . bill we be explore the avenue of Allen 's mind . David look around the mess of he live room , he pillage library of book , papers all over the floor . david dimly - light , I be sure . what have you do to my apartment ? Allen struggle to he foot , moan . lucien step between David and they wall of clipping . lucien David , do not touch anything . we have to write it all down . Bill stand up , woozy . call out to David . bill get this man a pair of scissors ! david this be not you revolution , this be my life . bill what kind of life be it ? david it 's mine . not everyone get a allowance . ( beat ) leave . get out ! Allen stumble out of the room , scared . David approach lucien . david I need to speak to you . alone . int . bathroom , 48 morton apartment - night Allen splashes water on he face . in the mirror , he see David and lucien in the bedroom . David hand lucien a term paper . lucien ( o.s. ) it only have to be five page . 33. he tilt the mirror to see they clearly . a glimpse into they private dynamic . int . bedroom , 48 morton apartment - night lucien flip through the term paper . lucien you make I too smart , they be gonna suspect something 's up . David throw lucien 's coat over he shoulder . david and get you send back to you mother again ? that would just be the end of you . lucien fuck you . David spot Allen watch from the bathroom . int . bathroom - 48 morton apartment - night Allen , catch , look down , pretend he hear nothing . but it 's too late . David walk over and slam the door in Allen 's face . professor steeve ( o.s. ) kill you darling . int . lecture hall - day Professor steeve , intent , in front of the class . professor steeve you crush , you juvenile metaphysic . none of they belong on the page . it be the first principle of good creative work . a work of fiction you will deliver as you final exam . he see Allen , badly hungover and brood , write in a journal . ignoring class . professor steeve oh look . Whitman Jr. grace we with he presence today . 34 . steeve walk to Allen 's desk , grab he journal . professor steeve " the New vision . extraordinary man propel we forward . it be we duty to break the law . " ( to Allen ) fantastic . allen there 's more life in that five page than in the dozen of bad sonnet we have read in class . steeve cock he eye , stare down Allen . the first time Allen have defy anyone . ever . professor steeve you want life ? you want the world on fire ? steeve motion to the door . then to Allen . professor steeve the war await . what will it be ? steeve toss the journal back down on Allen 's desk . Allen look down at the " New vision " , ashamed . int . lucien carr dorm room - night a rainstorm beat against the window . Allen pace as a drunk lucien knock off a bottle of wine and read from Allen 's journal . lucien " the rise that scent the summer air / grow from my beloved 's hair ...? " allen keep go . that 's my sonnet for steeve . lucien flip through the journal , close it , disappointed . lucien we have the map . we have the manifesto . we need the work . ( suddenly cold ) I be wrong . maybe you be not up for this after all . 35 . Allen stare at lucien in disbelief . shock , Allen rush to lucien 's desk . allen show I you fuck map . lucien stop ! Allen grab the page lucien have be work on : they be cover in doodle - there 's nothing there . allen oh right , you do not have anything because David 's not here to write it for you ! lucien stand up , drunk . furious . lucien it 's complicated . allen I love complicated . lucien steady himself . furious . lucien he 's a professor work as a janitor so he can be near he precious lu- lu . he be a goddamn fruit who will not let I go . allen a fruit ? lucien a queer . this detonate inside Allen . lucien crash to he bed . Allen sit beside . allen then let 's get rid of he . lucien soften , lean against Allen . pass out from the liquor . lucien right now , I just need you to write we something beautiful . ( beat ) first think , best think . 36 . lucien drift off . Allen shake , hold lucien 's body for the first time . we follow Allen 's p.o.v. as he run he finger through lucien 's hair . he can barely breathe , this close to what he find beautiful . Allen 's finger slide to lucien 's cheek . toward he lip . lucien 's eye open . Allen tense , afraid . but lucien suddenly take Allen 's finger in he mouth . suck it , eyeing Allen the whole time . CUT to : a thunder - clap . lucien pass out in Allen 's lap . we be just in Allen 's imagination . int . allen' dorm room - day Allen at he typewriter . a blank page . inspire to write something beautiful . we see flash of the past , snippet of lucien : they contact , lucien 's smile . Allen search through they past . all play in reverse . lucien Allen in wonderland . be it something ? he write the word down . flash of they past build in a crescendo as he keep search , digging through moment , lead to ... nothing . Allen 's block . he will need more help if he 's go to get to beautiful . bill ( o.s. ) pervitin . int . bill apartment - day Bill with norman ( 30 , shady , real criminal ) and Allen in he dim , bookshelf - line lair . Bill give the secret nod to norman . 37 . bill the Germans call it the " wonder drug . " prescribe for super- human feat . norman pop open a briefcase full of drug . Bill select a green pill bottle and give it to Allen . int . allen' dorm room - day Allen pop two . wait for it . int . allen' dorm room - later the pace of everything have doubled . Allen , sweat at he typewriter , jubilant , tapping he foot with the music , type furiously at the key . whatever this drug be , it 's work . bill ( o.s. ) but beware of the side -effect . int . bill apartment - day Bill rattles off the list . bill sudden blindness , bout of diarrhea , heart palpitation , and a severe decline in moral standard . CUT to : int . allen' dorm room - day Allen jerk - off at he desk . Allen racing around he room , burn off energy . the memory be now flooding in . David at he party ... david ( o.s. ) take this unbloom stalwart . lucien at the bar ... 38 . lucien ( o.s. ) let the prisoner come out and play . int . allen' dorm room - evening luke enter , turn on the light . his jaw - drop : Allen be on he bed , run in place like a mad-man . luke what the hell be you do ? Allen , furious at the interruption . allen write ! int . bill apartment - day Bill , a thoughtful eye on young Allen . bill but the word , oh the word ... int . allen' dorm room - day Allen 's get it . he rip the page from the typewriter . int . lucien carr dorm room - day lucien 's door slam open . a sleepless Allen , hair on end , storm into the room , fresh page in hand . allen lu ! it 's very rough but ... David sit at lucien 's desk , write . Allen stop short . David spy the page in Allen 's hand . david ah. the " vision " at last . can I see ? Allen hide they behind he back . allen where 's lu? 39 . david he 's out . with a senior , some football player . a writer and handsome too . ( beat ) James ? Jack . there it be . Jack . allen you be not allow to be here . david that 's odd since I be the only thing keep he here . allen not anymore . a stand -off . David collect he jacket , approach . david piece of advice . you do not know lu. as soon you think you do , he will find someone else . David smirk , walk off leave Allen alone with he page . david or maybe he already have . int . lucien carr dorm room - night 3:00 am . Allen snore . then the sound of the door creak open . Allen wake up to see lucien enter . lucien what be you , move in ? allen where have you be ?! lucien start get undress . lucien I find a real writer . already a million word under he belt before Columbia . allen you mean Jack ? lucien fumble . 40 . allen why do not you tell I ? lucien what be I suppose to do ? newsreels ? he spot the piece of paper in Allen 's hand . lucien what 's that ? defensive , Allen pocket he poem for lucien . allen nothing . lucien get into bed . lucien if you be go to stay , do not hog the blanket . lucien close he eye . Allen sit up , jealous , he mind spin . he stare at lucien . allen why be Jack a real writer ? lucien once you meet he , you will see what I mean . jack ( o.s. ) hey Al ! int . 118th STREET apartment - night handsome jack kerouac ( mid - 20' , athletic , infamous jaw ) palm a football , fake a pass to Allen . Allen , on the couch with a stack of page , shake he head . allen no . lucien drink wine beside . Jack ignore Allen , wing the pigskin right at he . Allen duck . the ball slam into a painting on the wall . it crash onto Allen 's head . edie ( o.s. ) Jack ? what be that ? 41 . jack ( with a wink ) the damn cat ! the bell around the neck of Jack 's cat kit kat jingle as it scurries away . Jack dart over , hang the painting upside down . jack ( whisper to Allen ) she paint it . say nothing . Jack notice a piece of mail address to he next to Allen . it 's a old vinyl record send by he friend sammy . he shout down the hall . jack hey when would this come ? edie ( o.s. ) today . where be sammy now ? jack I dunno . some battleship . lucien nod to the huge manuscript on Allen 's lap . we realize it be Jack 's novel the Sea be my brother . lucien what do you think ? brilliant , no ? allen it 's miss some period and commas . lucien it 's better than anything you have ever write . allen I use period and commas . jack both of you ! quiet ! Jack set up a old phonograph . the scratchy record start as Jack sidle up close to the speaker . voice of sammy ( o.s. ) Jack , how be you chum ? jack sammy , you bastard . 42 . lucien who 's sammy ? jack my best friend since I be twelve . off in the navy . voice of sammy ( o.s. ) we have just be through 20 day of german shelling , every three hour , night and day . this will be my last one for a while . we be head out to the front . some beach near Rome . anzio ? edie ( o.s. ) come to the table ! voice of sammy ( o.s. ) it 's suppose to be beautiful ... Jack pull the stylus off . edie parker , Jack 's wealthy , vivacious art student girlfriend ( early 20' ) walk in . messy , comfortable , adorable . she hold a pot , eye lucien and Allen . edie I do not know we be have guest . Jack come to the table . she smack something down on a plate : it 's brown glop . jack what 's this ? edie I be aim for stew . jack you miss . Jack grab he jacket . edie where be you go ? jack out . edie out ? I cook all day for you . 43. jack what do you want I to do ? eat shoe leather ? I be hungry and what you do in the kitchen be unholy . edie that 's funny . you talk like a Catholic . but you fuck I and will not marry I . how do that work ? Allen and lucien watch entrance . jack shut you mouth , edie . edie I think you like it wide OPEN ... Jack exit , slam the door shut . edie stare at Allen and lucien on the couch . edie scram . ext . riverside park - night lucien drink from a wine bottle as the three boy stroll . Allen trail behind . jack so Al . you think my novel be shit ? allen not exactly . it 's ... lucien it 's all true . Jack serve in the merchant Marines . jack I have leave school twice already . Columbia 's full of square . I be not even sure why I bother to come back . allen ( sarcastic ) then why do not you just ship out again ? 44 . jack trust I . sometimes when I fight with edie , I want to . lucien stop . he spot a dingy , float off a dock . he get a idea . lucien you two do just fight . jack carr , you be goddamn crazy . lucien run for it , then Jack . Allen , now the third wheel , reluctantly chase after . ext . hudson river - night the dingy drift into view in the middle of the busy river in the world - quiet at this late in the night . Jack row . jack a " new vision ? " allen yeah . jack sound phony . movement be cook up by people who can not write about the people who can . lucien lu , I do not think he get what we be try to do . jack listen to I , this whole town 's full of fink on the 30th floor , write pure chintz . writer , real writer , gotta be in the bed . in the trenches . in all the break place . what be you trenches , Al ? allen Allen . jack right . Allen look to lucien for help . 45 . lucien first think , best think . allen fuck you . what do that even mean ?! jack good . that 's one . what else ? allen fuck you one million word . jack even better . allen you do not know I . jack you be right . who be you ? lucien love this , raise a eyebrow . Allen pull out he poem from he pocket . allen be careful . you be not in wonderland I have hear the strange madness long grow in you soul . but you be fortunate . lucien listen anew , realize this poem be about he . allen in you ignorance in you isolation , you who have suffer find where love hide . give . share . lose . lest we die unbloom . just the sound of the water . completely vulnerable , Allen sit back down . jack Allen . beautiful , kid . Allen look up , move . lucien you write that ? 46 . allen you ask I to . remember ? lucien light up . he come forward , gather he friend close : gawky , emotional Allen . blustery , sensitive Jack . lucien forget Columbia . forget Ogden nash . here 's the plan , boy . we join the merchant Marines . sail the world until the war end . then jump ship and make it to Paris . for the liberation . allen you do not speak french . lucien Jack do . it will be we , together . at the beginning . it will be the perfect day . a flood - lamp and horn shatter the reverie . a coast guard patrol boat have catch they . a megaphone squawk to life . police officer do not move ! jack Jesus Christ ! police officer put you hand in the air ! the boy , trap , look at each other terrify . the blast of the horn send up to ... CUT to : int . hallway , outside columbia dean's office - day Allen , nervous wait outside . lucien already inside get reprimand by the Dean . Allen can hear the conversation through the door . he lean in closer . dean ( o.s. ) you have manage to matriculate and drop out of tulane , bowdoin , University of Chicago . 47 . int . columbia dean's office - day lucien in a leather - back chair . the dean ( 40' , sardonic ) overlook lucien 's record . lucien 's mother , marion carr , a fall matriarch , smoke with dispassion . dean you attendance record here be abominable . you have ignore curfew . you papers , when you bother to turn they in , exceed the assign page limit . can you explain why you be at Columbia ? lucien same reason you be here . dean what 's that ? lucien loose barnard girl . marion carr look at the Dean with a weary smile . dean I know about you difficulty . about what happen in Chicago . a pale come over lucien 's face . which become absolute fury . lucien ( to marion ) you tell he ?! marion carr he 's not the enemy . dean see , the University act in loco parentis . you be we responsibility . we be try to find someway to make this all work . lucien explode . lucien who say anybody could know anything about anything ?! marion carr lucien , you temper ! 48 . int . hallway , outside columbia dean's office - day Allen sit back as he hear someone approach . Louis ginsberg round the corner with a unfamiliar woman . louis ( o.s. ) Allen ? what the hell be go on ? allen who 's she ? the woman , edith ( early 30 , jewish , shy ) , wave nervously . edith hi. I be edith Cohen . allen what 's she do here ? edith I will go wait outside . edith exit down the stair . allen ( smirk ) so that 's why you lock mom up . Louis slap he son . lucien storm out of the Dean 's office , follow by marion , put on she fur coat . marion inspect she son' new accomplice then race after she son . Louis motion to lucien . louis do he put you up to this ? Allen stare down he father . gather courage to defy he . allen no . I steal the boat . and it be tremendous . ext . seminary garden - night in the quiet , lucien smoke and stare up -- he look ravage . a suitcase beside he . Allen approach , surprised . allen where be you go ? 49 . lucien you know I now . I be only good at beginning . allen you be drop out ? lucien best of luck . Allen grab lucien 's suitcase and sit beside lucien . this explode out of he . allen my father show up yesterday with some new woman . and in the middle of the allen' - a-screw - up monologue , all of a sudden , I realize : I do not care . I have never not care . so , I tell they it be my idea . to steal the boat . lucien why ? allen because I do not want to be the person they think I be . I be on academic probation . I could be kick out . you can not leave . you start something and I have no idea what I be suppose to do next . lucien , move . allen it 's we turn . let 's show they what we can do . at the think of payback , lucien awaken . Allen grin . allen you in ? int . library , MAIN hall - day a hard stamp on a library request : restricted . permission librarian you must not drink while you be handle it . and no write in it . 50 . Allen , lucien , Jack and Bill spy on the permission librarian and a female page at the main desk . the librarian place a key ring in a drawer . permission librarian it must come back exactly as you find it . the permission librarian head off . see the young page alone , Jack tuck in he shirt , slick he hair down . jab a piece of gum from he mouth into lucien 's palm . jack no tell edie , get it ? Jack stroll up to the desk . wink at the page . jack I see you check out all this book . and I be ask myself : do you ever get check out ? she radiate . Bill look at he watch . bill 25 second . masterful . but then , another page , gwendolyn ( 20 , sweet and saucy ) , join the first . lucien damn ! shift 's over . Jack look back , shrug as he walk off with the first page . lucien groan , plan 's 86'd . but Allen sit up . allen I will go . int . permission desk , library , MAIN hall - day Allen walk up to the desk . allen hi. gwendolyn look up . Allen be smile nervously . allen I wonder if you could help I . gwendolyn sure . 51 . allen I be look for a book . gwendolyn okay . do this book have a title ? allen it 's call the Day amanda come . gwendolyn ( know look ) well , you will have to wait . I can not leave the desk . Allen turn back to lucien who nod , egg he on . allen but ... I really need it . gwendolyn look around . gwendolyn ( flirt ) okay . only for you . she place a sign on the desk : " helping a reader . back in 5 minute . " they head off the stack , lucien bound up to the desk , glide over the top , and dig through the drawer . Old card . Broken pencil . no keys . lucien shit ! 60 int . stack - day 60 close up : the keys in gwendolyn 's hand as Allen and gwendoly n walk through the stack . allen work here must be a drag . gwendolyn I like it . it 's the only way I meet boy . they be very strict at barnard . allen how strict ? 52 . gwendolyn for example , they would never let I do this . gwendolyn lift she sweater . bare she brassiere . allen right . no. int . permission desk - continuous lucien peek up from behind the desk . see Bill stare at he . bill go ! lucien race into the stack after Allen . int . stack - continuous gwendolyn do you know I have never do it with someone who be jewish before ? I really want to know what it look like . gwendolyn paw the front of Allen 's pants , undoe he belt . uncomfortable , Allen stop she . she pull away , pull down she sweater . the key jangling in she hand . gwendolyn I be sorry , I think you be say something but not say it . should we find you book ? through a gap in the stack : Allen see lucien , point to the keys in she grip . realizing what he have to do . allen there be no book . take it off . gwendolyn really ? gwendolyn set down the key . undoe she cardigan . lucien nab the key and race up the stack . 53. int . row , library stack - continuous lucien hand the key to Bill . Bill place it into a clay molding and make a impression . gwendolyn ( o.s. ) no . why do not you take it off ? int . stack , library - continuous Allen take off she sweater . gwendolyn , just in a bra . this be as close as Allen have ever come to sex . he 's breathless . gwendolyn it 's not like I be a virgin . I have do it with three guy already . you be a virgin , huh ? she kiss he . cold lip . he 's terrify . gwendolyn you be kind of a virgin , though , huh ? allen no . gwendolyn liar . if you have do it before , you will last for thirty second . start count . she open he fly , then lower herself down . Allen try to stop she , but it 's too late . he sigh . allen 1 ...2 ... lucien return and see Allen reluctantly get he first blowjob . lucien lean against the book and watch . allen 3...4 ... lucien flash Allen a wick grin . allen 5 ...6 ... over gwendolyn 's head , Allen watch lucien stare at he . he start to get arouse . 54 . allen 7...8...9... Allen and lucien hold eye contact , Allen thrust into she mouth , come . gwendolyn rise back up , unimpress , drop she sweater . gwendolyn I know it . she grab the keys that be now back on the shelf . Allen look to find lucien . but he be go . gwendolyn I bet you do not even read . gwendolyn walk off . Allen lift he pants , tie he belt . allen I do . ext . columbia library - night Shots of the darken church - like building . desert . timeless . lucien ( o.s. ) this be it guy . we bastille . no chicken out . int . card catalogue area , library - night the light from the boy ' flashlight slice through the dark as they enter into the library through a heavy door . Bill reach into Jack 's mouth and take the chew gum from inside it . Jack shoot a glare at he - what the hell ? Bill press the sticky gum into the strike plate of the door -- block the door from be able to close shut . the boy look at each other , give each other the silent nod , then split -- lucien and Jack sneak off to the main hall , Bill and Allen up to the stack . behind they , the chew gum slip , fall from the strike plate . the door shut . and lock . 55 . int . stack - night outside a gated " restricted access " room , Bill grab the padded lock and fit in he mold key . Allen watch as he turn it ... the lock click open . int . library , MAIN hall - night Jack and lucien unscrew the glass from the vitrine encase the historic book and manuscript we see earlier . ext . library - night walk into the light of the street lamp outside the library be David . he approach two campus security guard on the night patrol . david Excuse I . I think I see some light or movement in the library . the security guard flash they light at the facade . int . restricted access room - night Bill throw open the metal gate between they and the restrict book inside . a alarm explode into the quiet . Bill and Allen look at each other : this be unexpected . int . library , MAIN hall - night Jack and lucien jolt as the alarm go off , look up from the vitrine to each other . what be go on up there ? ext . library - night the guard hear the alarm come from inside the library . they race to unlock the chain hold the door lock together . 56 . int . restricted access room - night Bill rush past the gate , shine he flashlight search the book until he find a box mark restricted content . he empty it , toss the book to Allen . we have see this move before . int . library , MAIN hall - night Allen , carry the restrict book , run up to Jack and lucien at the vitrine which be now wide open and empty . jack ( whisper ) what just happen ? Jack and lucien grab the book from Allen and start to set they in the case . the alarm suddenly stop . security guard ( o.s. ) we know you be here ! the footstep of the guard approach . game over . they work not do , the boy race back to the door they come through . all except lucien . he duck behind the vitrine , hide . he click off he flashlight . the guard enter the main hall , search for the culprit . int . card catalogue area - continuous Allen , Jack and Bill reach the close door . they can not open it . jack what the hell , Bill ? it 's lock ! no way out . Allen turn , notice lucien be miss . int . library , MAIN hall - continuous the guard step right past lucien and stop . lucien duck , round to the side of the case . guard do you hear that ? 57 . int . card catalogue area - continuous Bill , Jack and Allen slide along the wall of card catalog , back to the main hall look for another exit . through the arch lead inside , they can see the guard canvase the room with flashlight . security guard we know you be here ! security guard # 2 come on out ! across the room , Bill spot two glass door lead out to a balcony . he point at the door . Jack whip he flashlight in a tremendous arc to another room . it clatter noisily , a distraction . it work . the guard chase after the noise . Jack , Bill , Allen bolt to the glass door . they throw they wide open . Allen be about to leave , but stop Jack . allen wait . lucien . Allen turn and see lucien , still furiously work , book under he arm . Jack shake he head , follow Bill and race out the door . alone , Allen run back to lucien who be madly place the book in the vitrine . he be a man possess . allen lu that 's enough . come on ! what 's wrong with you ? lucien ( deadly serious ) no . not yet , we have to finish . a flashlight find they . Allen and lucien , catch . the guard pull out billy club . security guard do not move . it 's over . the guard grab lucien . drag he by the collar . but Allen flee , break free . lucien struggle , enraged . lucien get off of I ! Allen ! help ! 58 . int . card catalogue area - continuous Allen stop , terrify . he see : a console of switch on the wall . desperate , he reach for they . flip they all on . int . library , MAIN hall - continuous all the light in the whole library come on at once . a blinding flash . the guard squint and look for Allen . int . card catalogue area - continuous Allen throws down all the switch . int . library , MAIN hall - continuous the room plunge into complete darkness . lucien realize : this be he moment . he wriggle out of he coat and run . Allen join he and the two , reunite , run around the corner . the guard give chase . int . entrance foyer - continuous Allen and lucien race into the vestibule between the door lead out to the city -- and the door back into the library . lucien press against the exit door : they be lock . the guard turn the corner , see the boy stick between the two set of door . Allen block the library door with he shoulder . the guard pound on the door . a SOUND from outside : the padlock unlock . suddenly : the exit door open . it 's Jack and Bill , with lock -pick gear in hand . they yank Allen and lucien out . 59 . ext . library - night Jack slam the door , Bill run the chain back through the handle and lock it . the door bulge as the guard bang into it . security guard open the goddamn door ! open this up ! the boy turn and run down the grand step lead back to the campus . glee on they face . CUT to : ext . library - day the same grand step the next morning . student walk up and down it to class , socialize , as if nothing happen there the night before . int . library , MAIN hall - day Inside , the pompous tour guide from earlier show off the vitrine to a new crowd of parent and income student . tour guide the South Hall library be a church , and this be the sacrament . the crowd mumble , then laugh . the guide , confuse , look inside they to see the kama sutra open up to a particularly salacious page . the explicit image from a grecian urn . Lady chatterly 's lover , Ulysses , all the book ban , restrict , keep from public eye . and lastly : tropic of Cancer . by Henry Miller . the prisoner have come out to play . tour guide oh. my. god. and a note , leave on the glass : " the New vision . " 60 . int . west end bar - day four shot glass . four hand . lucien to literacy . Allen , Bill , Jack and lucien throw back they drink in celebration . the Mills Brothers " you always hurt the one you Love " on the jukebox play over this lazy , drunken afternoon . Allen 's eye scan the wall above they , Columbia 's " Hall of Fame " : newspaper headline , yearbook photo ... allen Jack , that 's you , be not it ? he see a frame photo of Jack in a football play , mid-catch . jack yep . last year . they still win . lucien look at they ! and we do : we see flash of the photo : ribbon - cutting , team - photo , graduation : life in a thousand fake smile and staging . lucien souvenir history . to make people think they leave some mark on the world . because otherwise nobody would ever know . ( beat ) I do not ever want to end up on this wall . jack have no fear . you never will . suddenly , David appear in the bar . the group look at each other , mystify . allen what 's he do here ? David walk briskly over to lucien . david since you do not show up earlier , I just hope to give you this . 61 . David drop a term paper on the table : " on the decline of the West . " Allen lean over the table , insert himself into the conversation . allen maybe he do not want to see you . david I think he can speak for himself . lucien yup . and he say we should all have another round ... lucien stand up to get a drink . David grab he arm . lucien try to push he off . david you have have plenty of time to celebrate . you library hijink make the morning paper . I be sure you be all very proud . Allen , Jack and Bill glance at each other suspiciously , then at David . allen how do you know it be we ? david do he use that " bastille " line ? Cause I give it to he . Allen , Jack and Bill look at lucien , shocked . lucien I have not see you for day . David throw down lucien 's cravat to the table . the one we remember he wear when we first meet he in the library . a private power move . david you leave this at my place . allen ( to David , a guess ) you tell the guard we be there . no one else know . David do not respond . Jack suddenly jolt up . shove David back . 62 . jack you little fink ! lucien explode at David . lucien you want I to get kick out ?! you ratted on I ! david stop , lu. you be lose control again . you know what come next . I know what come next . allen yeah . ( to lucien ) cut he off . lucien give David a fatal look . lucien best of luck , janitor . david Excuse I ? lucien we be over . leave . lucien spindle the paper and plunge it into a beer . David in shock , begin to shatter in front of they . david look at I , lu. tear well in David 's eye . lucien sit back down , ignore he . Bill stand up , try to lead David away . bill let 's go . david ( from he wound , break ) you say I be everything to you . you be everything to I . everything to I . do you hear I ? David fracture . utterly vulnerable . this be it : the real uninhibit , uncensor self . bill let 's go . time and place , David . 63. david shut up , traitor . he turn sharply to lucien say loud enough so everyone can hear . david you would be dead if it be not for I ! lucien totally dead cold . Allen , unsure what David be talk about . David turn and rush outside and Bill follow he . alone with Allen and Jack , lucien suddenly smile as if nothing just happen , put he arm around Allen . lucien you would be boring if it be not for I ! the two start to crack up together . ext . riverside park - night jack and ...go ! Jack crouch inside a empty barrel . trashed , lucien kick the barrel down a grassy slope . Allen and lucien cheer Jack on as the barrel bang down the slope . but then it swerve , slam into a bench . at the top of the slope , lucien and Allen look on in shock . lucien Jack ? Jack ? ( no response ) he break he fuck neck . the warrior poet have pass on . Jack stagger from out of the barrel . throw he hand in the air victoriously . Allen and lucien cheer he on . allen no , he life ! lucien excellent ! judge award a ... Allen hold up nine finger . allen nine ! 64 . Jack fall to he knee , puke . Allen and lucien crack up . lucien all right ginsy , you turn . drunk , Allen try to stand up . but then fall right back down . lucien laugh , tuck he body next to allen' . lucien this be just the beginning , you know . lucien lay he head against Allen 's shoulder . lucien you fault , ginsy . it 's all you fault . lucien 's thigh brushes against allen' . Allen stare at lucien , in the full glare of lucien 's warmth . Allen look around . the park be empty . Building up the courage . allen first think , best think . he graze he hand against lucien 's inner thigh . lucien look down at Allen 's hand curiously , then back at Allen . the decisive moment . Allen lean over . kiss he . it build in passion . lucien pull back , unsure . then return the kiss . it build in passion . everything Allen have hope for , lense into a moment . jack ( o.s. ) I think I just puke on the inside . lucien open he eye to notice Jack stumbling up the slope . he tense , pull away from Allen . the moment have be shattered . as if nothing just happen , lucien stand and look at Jack with he usual devilish smile . lucien let 's go , Jack . 65 . he throw he arm around Jack 's shoulder , turn he back to Allen . they start to walk off . Jack stop , turn back to Allen . jack wait , Al , you come ? lucien glare at Allen . lucien no. Allen 's get work to do . ten page on spengler 's decline of the West . due tomorrow . allen Excuse I ? lucien I would be lose without you , ginsy . ( to Jack ) come on , lion . the two of they leave . Allen , abandon and break , put he head in he hand . allen fuck. fuck ! int . 118th STREET apartment - night lucien and Jack stumble into Jack 's apartment . edie sit with grandma frankie ( 90 , stone - face ) around the live room table , listen to the news on the radio . we hear there 's be a attack in anzio . jack edie ! edie bird ! lucien look at edie 's stone - cold face . she 's piss . he turn right back around . lucien ( exite ) lu 's go to use the loo . edie say hi to Gram . grandma frankie glare at Jack . edie we invite she over for she birthday . we make she a cake . 66 . Jack see a lumpy , half - eat cake on the table . realizing he just mess up big-time . jack then we should have a drink ! how about a drink , grandma frankie ? you want some red wine ? Jack head to the cabinet . edie follow he . edie where the hell have you be ?! jack I be out . edie 's rage boil over . edie I pack all you stuff . it 's in you bag . I be go to be at Gram 's tonight . Jack reach for she . she shake he off . jack stay . I be sorry . edie you just say that , but it 's one of you million word and they do not mean anything ! ( beat ) just do not be here when I come back in the morning . int . 118th STREET bedroom - later edie 's go . the apartment be quiet . lucien and Jack , crash out on Jack 's bed . the sound of a strange knocking against a window outside . lucien wake up . see Jack still asleep . he rise to investigate . int . 118th STREET apartment - night lucien see David , desperate , alone , on the fire escape . lucien can not believe this . he open the window . 67 . david I know this be crazy . I do not know even know what I be do here . but I have to tell you I be sorry . let I make it up to you . from behind ... jack ( o.s. ) lu , where be you ? lucien stare down David . lucien I be go back to bed . another word and I call the police . lucien turn around and leave David alone at the sill . from inside the live room , David hear a meow . he spot Jack 's cat kit kat look up at he . int . 118th STREET bedroom - later the sound of gas and a violent struggling from the other room . Jack quickly wake up . jack what the hell ?! Jack jump out of bed and grab a baseball bat . int . 118th STREET apartment - night Jack walk up the hallway . the live room , eerily empty . then a howling from the kitchen . int . kitchen , 118th STREET apartment - night Jack rush in . turn on the light . the sound be come from the oven . he rush to the oven door and open it . kit kat struggle in the oven , gass and barely alive . Jack turn off the oven , clutches he cat . jack it 's okay . shhh . ( turn to lucien ) 68 . what kind of sick son of a bitch would do something like this ? lucien it be David . jack I will wring he fuck neck . lucien 's p.o.v. : Jack 's merchant Marine duffel bag that edie have fully pack for he . lucien I have another idea . int . library , MAIN hall - the next day Allen sit at a table at the library he just break into and rob . but now he 's just another student sit at a study desk . he put in a blank page in the typewriter before he and type : " on the decline of the west. by ... " he hesitates , break down in tear . then finish type : " lucien carr . " int . lucien carr dorm room - day lucien , in a merchant Marine uniform , pack he clothes into a sailor 's duffel bag . Allen enter , type-written page in hand . allen you paper and my apology . Allen hand lucien the paper he write for he . but lucien do not take it . Allen register that he 's pack . allen where be you go ? lucien sail out . to Paris . lucien grab he boy -scout knife . put it in he pocket . Allen be speechless . 69 . lucien we have get to make a ship , probably as merchant seamen . Jack know the trick . allen you be not go to tell I ? lucien we both know why you can not come . silence . lucien continue he pack . Allen break down . allen fuck you . you be a phony . you get I and Jack and Bill make you vision come true . all because you could not do it yourself . lucien no , you get what you want . you be ordinary , just like every other freshman , and I make you life extraordinary . go be you now , all by yourself . leave I alone . Allen , now in tear , realize the end be here . allen you do not really mean that . lucien ( cold , deaden ) Allen . leave . Allen gather himself , stumble out the door . leave the friendship behind . alone , lucien crack , break down as he close he suitcase . ext . seminary courtyard - day Allen cross through the courtyard , head to class . he come upon David , wait for lucien . pale. distraught . david Allen , have you see he ? he 's not in he room . they look almost the same . 70 . allen he leave . david I do something wrong . really wrong . and you have no reason to help I . but allen but ? david I know who you be . we be the one he need , but never want . it hurt , do not it ? Allen burn , do not respond . David be right . david all I be ask be tell I where he be . please . close on : Allen , on the blade of a choice . int . merchant marine , billeting office - evening Jack and lucien in a long line of young soldier wait to ship out . lucien nip at a flask . they reach the front of the line . a billeting officer call out to they . billeting officer lemme see you papers . lucien two seamen , report for duty . Jack try not to laugh , hand over he paperwork . the officer point to lucien . billeting officer what 's you name ? lucien Arthur rimbaud . Jack roll he eye . the officer hand the paperwork back . billeting officer go upstairs to get on the docket . lucien let 's go get on the docket . 71 . as they turn to leave , they see David be there , descend the stair . Jack be about to pounce . jack goddamn son of a bitch ! lucien let I handle this . lucien hold Jack back , rush up to David . lucien how do you know I would be here ?! david listen , I speak to a guy upstairs . I get two pass . I pack for both of we . we can leave . lucien the reason I be leave be you . it do not register . desperate , David hold out the pass . david then you and Jack take they . I will catch up . lucien consider this , then make a fateful decision . lucien come with I . we be take a walk . int . tavern - night Allen , wreck , walk into the bar where he first drank with lucien . he see a older man eyeing he and sit down , terrify . allen could I have a whiskey , please ? int . 118th STREET apartment - night Jack unlock he door . edie sit on the floor , she eye red from cry . Jack drop he duffel bag . sit with she . jack I be sorry . edie embrace he . 72 . int . tavern - night Allen see a young man in a merchant Marine outfit , blond , the bar lamp casting a golden halo around he head . could it be ? allen lu ? Allen race to he . the man turn and Allen 's heart sink . it be a sailor , a distant echo of lucien . the sailor eye Allen gently , seductively . Allen walk up to he . int . 118th STREET apartment - night edie break the embrace . edie this come for you today . she hand Jack a package from the mail . a new record . jack sammy ... Jack place it on the record player and listen , clutching edie . he know immediately there will not be another record . sammy ( v.o. ) Jack , old chum . I be on a hospital ship now . my gut all tore up . int . crappy HOTEL , 42nd STREET - night Allen undress , terrify , as the sailor do the same . sammy ( v.o. ) anzio 's go to be the last place I ever see with my eye . int . bill apartment - night Bill with norman , he dealer , in he apartment . norman inject himself with a morphine syrette . Bill watch , fascinate . 73. sammy ( v.o. ) a mortar round come and find I in my tent . norman offer the box of morphine to Bill . Bill handle it . consider . ext . riverside park - night lucien walk , guzzle from he flask . David follow . they be visibly argue . sammy ( v.o. ) I can feel metal under my skin some place . some go clean through . int . 118th STREET apartment - night Jack continue to listen to sammy , he heart sink . he know this be head to a dark place . sammy ( v.o. ) they be not even try to take it out no more . int . crappy HOTEL , 42nd STREET - night Allen 's heart in he throat as he step out of he pants . he be nearly naked . vulnerable . ext . riverside park - night lucien throw he flask into the wood , lash out at David . int . bill apartment - night Bill inject the syrette into he wrist . and press the oblivion in . sammy ( v.o. ) the nurse give I the same morphine I give to die boy ... int . crappy HOTEL , 42nd STREET - night Allen , naked , lay on the bed . he turn off the light . 74 . sammy ( v.o. ) ... when I do not know what else to do . the sailor climb on top of Allen , turn it back on . ext . riverside park - night David lunge for lucien and lucien throw he off , spin away . he pull out he Boy scout knife . David stare at lucien , stunne . int . crappy HOTEL , 42nd STREET - night Allen turn to face the sailor . look he in the eye . sammy ( v.o. ) wake , melancholy mother . wake and weep . Allen reach to kiss the sailor . ext . riverside park - night lucien stab David , plunge the blade into he chest . int . crappy HOTEL , 42nd STREET - night the sailor enter Allen . int . bill apartment - night Bill drift backwards , into the high . sammy ( v.o. ) quench within thy burn bed , thy fiery tear . ext . riverside park - night David look up from he chest . blood pump from the gash . David , clutching he shirt , he chest ... 75 . int . 118th STREET apartment - night sammy ( v.o. ) and let thy loud heart keep -- the record run out , the stylus scratch . Jack , tremble . edie what be that ? jack it 's shelley 's elegy for keat . edie what 's that mean ? jack it mean he 's dead . fade to black . int . group shower , seminary - the morning after fade up on : Allen , alone in the shower . he 's completely blank , eye on the tile . realizing what he do the night before and how it feel so natural -- now he know exactly who he be . int . dorm hallway - day Allen step out in a bathrobe , to see a policeman and a detective whisper outside lucien 's room . policeman he do not come back here afterwards . nobody on the floor see . they stare at Allen , study he . other student whisper . policeman we have two in custody . we be still get name . Allen make he way down the hall . custody ? what happen to lucien ? detective so what do we know about this carr kid ? do we have any friend ? we be gonna have to speak to all of they . 76 . Allen look down and race to the hallway phone . int . school hallway - day Allen dial a number . nervous . edie pick up . allen edie ? be Jack there ? edie ( o.s. ) you do not know ? allen know what ? int . 118th STREET apartment - day edie search for the word . edie the police take he down to the tomb . as a accessory . Bill too . allen ( o.s. ) what happen ? edie shocked , unable to speak . CUT to : int . the tomb - day the blare of a prison horn . a guard open a heavy gate and Allen walk onto the hall of cell . it 's a long , dank walk . Allen spot lucien in a small unremarkable cell , behind bar , read . Allen can not believe he 's here . lucien sit up from he cot and rush to the bar . lucien Allen , thank God . Allen 's skeptical face make lucien change tactic . allen how could you ? lucien he want to hurt I , I have no choice . 77 . allen you could have run . call the police . lucien look Allen fiercely in the eye . lucien listen . somehow he find I at the Marine Hall . Allen look away , realize he be potentially complicit . lucien he say no matter where I go , he would follow . when I confront he , he explode . I have to defend myself . he would not stop . allen but how do Jack and Bill get roped into this ? CUT to : ext . harlem sidewalk - dawn lucien drop the bloody Boy scout knife down a grate . Jack stand guard . lucien ( o.s. ) I go to Jack first . he tell I to get rid of the knife . to forget the whole thing . they hear footstep and turn . a black woman watch they suspiciously . int . bill apartment - day lucien ( o.s. ) but then I go to Bill . he tell I to get a lawyer . Bill finger David 's pack of lucky strike in he bathroom . David 's blood on he hand . lucien ( o.s. ) to say it be a act of self - defense . lucien watch Bill light one of the bloody cigarettes and inhale . the last flare of he friend . 78 . Bill flush the rest of the pack down the toilet . CUT back to : int . tomb - day lucien , desperate , at the bar of he cell . lucien the d.a. be ask for my deposition . in write . Allen shake he head , there 's no way he 's go to do this . lucien ( plead ) we both know I can not do it . I do not know what I be go to do . I be go to be stick in here for the rest of my life ! Allen , still unsure . lucien slide he hand down the bar until it touch allen' . plead seductively . lucien please do not leave I here . the buzzer go off . visit time be over . the prison guard head towards the cell . Allen make a fateful choice . allen I will do it . lucien , smile . leans in , whisper . lucien we be go to say it be a " honor slay " . off Allen 's confuse face ... int . library , MAIN hall - day a finger trace down a legal index to the definition of the phrase : " honor slay . " allen ( v.o. ) " relate to a lethal attack commit when the accuse be defend himself against a know homosexual . " 79 . other student around Allen gossip and steal glance at he as he read to himself from the index . the murderer 's " friend . " allen ( v.o. ) " if the accuse be heterosexual , he shall be pardon . but if the accuse be homosexual , the charge of murder in the first degree ... " Allen 's attention fall to the final word : " shall stand . " int . police office - day Jack , in handcuffs , on the phone . photographer , journalist outside , clamoring for Jack to look they way . a murder with Columbia University student , this be big news . jack dad . it 's five thousand dollar for bail . I know it 's a lot -- a flash bulb fire . journalist cat-call for Jack 's attention . jack father ( o.s. ) no kerouac be ever wrap up in a murder ! go to hell . the line go dead . Jack have run out of option . more flashbulb explode . more scream for he attention . Jack whip around . jack would you all just shut the hell up ?! int . lucien carr dorm room - day marion carr take down lucien 's dorm room , pack she son' belonging into the same suitcase he try to run away with before . marion carr you must understand David have be follow he for year . Allen , smoking nervously from lucien 's bed , watch all trace of lucien be tear down . 80 . marion carr when lucien go to bowdoin , David appear out of thin air . so I send lu to Chicago . Allen register the reference from lucien 's conversation with the Dean , a dim clue . marion go back to pack . marion carr surprise , David turn up there too . then , when lucien want to go to Mexico , guess who have a car idling in the driveway ? allen but he do not have to go with he . marion carr he spun a web to ensnare my son . that 's why I bring he here . a lot of good that do . marion find lucien 's cravat , quickly fold it , hide it in the suitcase . Allen notice . allen what happen in Chicago ? marion stop pack . thinks . she settles on the bed , charm Allen with a smile . marion carr thank God lu have you in he life . he talk about you all the time . she lean over and slip the cigarette from Allen 's hand into she own . inhale seductively . marion carr you know what Allen ? he call you he guardian angel . allen that 's what he call David . she exhales , she face fall . leans in threateningly . marion carr that man ruin my son . you be go to help I keep what 's leave of he . 81 . int . burroughs's apartment ( 69 bedford ) - night the zip of a suitcase . Bill , undoing he de , pack away clothes , book . he 's also leave town . Allen 's come for answer --- from the only person who know the real David . bill contrary to report , prison be not a tonic for the spirit . we be now realize it 's the end of a chapter for all of they . bill all the district attorney care about be if David be queer . Allen gulp . the heart of the issue , thrust into the light . allen and what do you tell they ? Bill see the box of morphine from he night with norman . he decide to take it with he , hide it under a pile of shirt . bill I say yes . allen do David do something lu in Chicago ? bill Christ Allen , please do not get involved . allen I have to be . I be help he write he defense . Bill pace , then turn to face Allen . bill David be my friend . but he 's dead . and do lucien tell you how he die ? Allen shake he head . he have no idea . CUT to : 82. ext . riverside park - night ( flashback ) the moment right after lucien stab David . what we have not see yet . the story continue . David tremble on the ground , bleed from the knife would . lucien stand above , realize what just happen . car headlamps swipe across lucien 's face . terrify , lucien scan the park for witness . bill ( o.s. ) he might not have want you to know , Allen . he tie David up . lucien drag David 's body from the park under a railing to the shoreline . he unty he shoe , lash David 's hand together with the shoelace . tye they tight . David groan and gurgle blood . still very much alive . lucien rustle through David 's pocket -- pull out anything side . he toss David 's pack of lucky Strike cigarettes , now speckle with blood - to the sand . lucien collect stone from the riverbank , stuff they into David 's pocket . bill ( o.s. ) he put stone in he pocket to weigh he down . lucien panic , look around . he take off he merchant Marine clothes . fully naked , he drag a bound David into the dark water of the Hudson River . David moan and struggle but be no match for lucien . bill ( o.s. ) and drag he into the Hudson River . allen ( o.s. ) what ?! bill ( o.s. ) David be alive , Allen , until lucien make he drow . the sound of a door slamm open bring we ... back to scene 83. int . bill apartment - night mr . burroughs ( 60 , patrician , wealthy ) , Bill 's father enter he son 's apartment , cause Bill to stop tell the story . Mr. burrough eye Allen suspiciously . mr. burroughs who be you ? be he part of this business . bill leave he alone , dad . mr. burroughs I pay you bail . do not talk to I like that . Bill look down , obedient . the rebel silence by he father . bill yes , sir . mr. burroughs the car leave in five minute . as Mr. burrough exit , Bill furiously slam he suitcase close . bill the libertine circle have come to a end . Allen look at Bill , lose at what to do next . Bill lean in close . bill go back to the beginning . the red line lead US , once more , down the subway map from columbia ... to the edge of the world . where it all start . int . bathroom , david' apartment ( 48 morton ) - day the window bang open . Allen climb into David 's apartment from the fire-escape . he open the door to the live room . sunlight filter into a dusty , silent apartment . 84 . int . david' apartment ( 48 morton ) - day it be eerie . the place of someone who just leave the world . Allen look around , unsure what he 's look for . his eye fall on the bookshelve . memories flood back , raveling and unravel . flashcut to : int . david' apartment ( 48 morton ) - day book leap into Bill 's hand and he place they back on the shelf . Allen unsuture the page of book , return back to they original condition . lucien tap nail out of the wall hand the page back to Allen . Allen scour he memory , just like when he write he poem earlier . time run in reverse . back to scene int . david' apartment ( 48 morton ) - day Allen search through the steamer trunk of the apartment . nothing . he ruffle through the console table . again nothing . he notice David 's suitcase . the one David pack before plan on leave by boat with lucien . Allen open it . he dig through it , search for some clue , any clue -- something to shed light on the past . he pull out a pile of clothes and underneath they ... a book . it 's a copy of yeat ' a vision , cover in note . it 's David 's . it 's the same edition of the copy that lucien show Allen in he room . flashcut to : 85 . int . david' apartment ( 48 morton ) - night time shift into reverse -- we realize this Allen 's mind at work : rummage for detail , clue , snatch of life . we see the first night Allen meet David -- David circle he finger around he wineglass , he speech about life as a circle , slip through time ... flashcut to : int . david' apartment ( 48 morton ) - day Allen open the book to find the legend that lucien once show he , the picture of yeat 's wheel . a stack of paper fall from the book . Allen rifle through they . and find a fade pink hospital " admit " form . cook County Hospital , Chicago . March 1943 . he scan down the page : " carr , lucien . suicide attempt . Gas inhalation . admit person : D. kammerer . " at the bottom , the form read " next of kin . " beside be the name : David kammerer . below , Allen see postcard , photo . photo of the beach , of lucien and David , recline together . it 's they trip to Mexico . in photo , the two of they , pose for the camera together . smiling . look very much like a couple in love . lucien 's signature red cravat hang around David 's neck . on the backside , write by hand be : lucien ( v.o. ) the perfect day . Allen , shocked . the puzzle piece have fall into place . CUT to : int . hallway , greystone - day insert : a photo of lucien in the New York Times . 86 . the headline : " student be silent on slaying friend . held without bail . awaiting deposition . " the sound of footstep . Allen look over the article . he 's on a bench in the hallway of a old sanitarium . his mother , naomi , approach , tentatively . the first time they have see each other since she be take from home . both of they scared to make the first move towards be - connection . naomi step towards she son , take he face in she hand . Allen melt in she arm . ext . garden , greystone - day Allen and naomi , in the courtyard of the hospital . patient be lead through the sanitarium 's garden by nurse behind . naomi , look remarkably more calm then the last time Allen see she . naomi he would leave I alone in the house . I be go to die there . allen no , Mom . that 's not true . naomi yeah , I know it . naomi sink inside herself , dark thought return . allen Mom , stop . naomi hey , I be okay now . I be you mother . and I be okay . she notice the bag under he eye . his weary face . naomi but you be not . Allen , a kid out of he league . 87 . allen I be in over my head . someone I know kill a man . and I do not know what to do . he want my help . and I do not know if I should give it to he . I do not know if it 's right . it 's just a mess . naomi let he go . do not help he . allen I can not , mom . he 's my best friend . naomi listen to I . naomi pull she son closer . with more strength than she have display in year . naomi the most important thing you father ever do be fail I . ( beat ) you understand ? Allen , realize what he have to do . int . dormroom - night late night . Allen , back at the typewriter where he write the poem for lucien . he insert a blank page . the task before he feel huge . the event of the night in question -- the night of David 's murder -- ravel and unravel in he mind 's eye . flashcut to : David , stab , gasp at lucien with horror . the knife be pull back , the wound close back up . flashcut to : David , reach for lucien , in reverse , lucien walk back to David , end in a embrace . allen ( v.o. ) he love you . and the truth be , once -- flashcut to : 88. Allen turn over the old photograph of David and lucien together from David 's apartment . the perfect Day . allen ( v.o. ) you love he back . flashcut to : ext . riverside park - night ( flashback ) time now run forward , to the inevitable . we watch lucien and David walk once more of the night of the murder . but this time we hear they argument . lucien , drunk , toss he flask into the bush . David follow he , desperate . david let 's get out of the city . anywhere you want . I have save up . allen ( v.o. ) but this secret eat away at you . lucien I be just a kid , you drag I into you pervert mess ! allen ( v.o. ) so in Chicago , you try to kill yourself . david how can you say that ? you know that 's not true . lucien stop short . stare hard at David . david I will never give up on we . allen ( v.o. ) he rescue you . he save you life . lucien you be pathetic . lucien walk on , but David lunge for he . they struggle . lucien throw David off , spin free from he grasp , pull out he Boy scout knife from he pocket . the two man face each other . 89 . allen ( v.o. ) you need he as much as he need you . the bare blade flash between they . David , look at the knife , shocked that they relationship have come to this . he look back up at lucien . david now I know how you feel . lucien when ? david when you want to die . David take a step , close the gap between he and the knife . daring lucien to strike . david do it . lucien move forward . the gap narrow . just inch away from each other . David step forward onto the blade . lucien do not back off . David gasp , notice the knife deep in he chest to the hilt . blood pump from the gash . lucien frees the knife . then pull back and stab David a second time . with malice . and again . plunge the blade into he chest . he grind the knife into David even further .. david oh my god ... David drop , clutching he shirt , he life pulsing from he chest . flashcut to : int . allen' dorm room - night Allen write madly . the word come in a rush . 90 . allen ( v.o. ) some thing once you love they become yours forever . CUT to : ext . riverside park out in the Hudson River , lucien cradle David 's die body in he arm . David look up at lucien , he last moment of life . the open shot of the film . allen ( v.o. ) and if you try to let they go ... David 's eye close . lucien release David out into the current . allen ( v.o. ) ... they only circle back and return to you . David sink into the depth of the Hudson , become just a shadow then disappear altogether . allen ( v.o. ) they become part of who you be . CUT to : int . the tomb - day from he cell , lucien carr finish read Allen 's deposition . lucien or they destroy you . we have return to the open scene of the movie . lucien crumple the paper in he hand . lucien you can not show this to anyone . Allen stare at lucien defiantly through the bar . allen then tell the truth , lu. lucien you be not even there . it 's you truth . it 's fiction . 91 . Allen grab for the manuscript . lucien pull it out of reach . lucien you want he go too . you send he to I . Allen snatch the manuscript -- it 's a tug of war through the bar . lucien ( cont 'd ) please . you will kill I with that . Allen yank the paper from lucien 's grip . he head towards the exit of the prison . desperate , lucien call out after he . lucien Allen ! no! don 't ! a alarm hammer through the prison , send we to ... int . district attorney' office - day the New York City 's District Attorney 's secretary at she reception desk . Allen enter the room , he deposition in hand . he be visibly nervous as he approach the desk . allen Allen ginsberg . secretary he will be with you in a minute . please , have a seat . Allen wait , glance at the deposition in he lap . the title read , " the night in question . " int . jail - day from he prison bed , lucien stare down the cellblock , hopeless . his eye alight on he sheet . int . district attorney' office - day the camera move in a arc , rotate past Allen , sweat , toward the door of the district attorney ... 92 . int . jail - day ... the same circle find lucien as he rip the bedsheet into strip . frantic ... int . district attorney' office - day the circle discover Allen , unable to sit still . the weight of he decision crush he ... int . jail - day ... lucien fashion a noose around he neck . he tie the sheet to one of the cell bar . we glide past he back to ... int . district attorney' office - day ... Allen spy the shadow of the District Attorney behind frost glass of he office ... int . jail - day ... the circle suddenly stop at lucien as the knot on the noose catch . he be hang , choke , desperate to die and yet fight for life . but the knot on the cell bar release . lucien fall to the ground . alive . int . district attorney' office - day the secretary hang up the phone . secretary Mr. ginsberg . he 's ready for you . she look at the chair . no one be there . secretary Mr. ginsberg ? the sound of the door close . Allen be go . male voice ( o.s. ) how do you expect we to react to this ? 93. int . columbia dean's office - day Allen 's manuscript hit the Dean 's desk . the deposition 's title page now read " the night in question by Allen ginsberg . " it 's be refashion into a novella . Allen sit in the same chair where lucien be reprimand . Professor steeve sit silently beside the Dean at he desk . dean no , please tell I . Professor steeve say you submit it as you final . Allen , nervous in the chair . dean well , then , let I tell you . it be smutty and absurd . allen but you finish it . the Dean lose he patience . dean you have take incomplete in two class . and you be already on academic probation . there be rule you agree to upon admittance into this university . and you have manage to break and keep break they . you do not seem to have much respect for this institution . so you may either retract this fiction as you final . or you may choose to be expell . what will it be ? Professor steeve eye Allen . allen Fine . Allen stand , make he decision . allen consider I expell . Allen reach for he manuscript . the Dean slide it out of reach . dean this remain with we . 94 . Professor steeve keep a close eye on Allen as he leave the office . int . ginsberg home - day back in the ginsberg residence , but the house be quiet now , peaceful . no naomi . the radio play softly in the live room . Louis jotting down verse on the back of the mail . Allen , shirt untucked , compose a poem on the back of a bill . they both reach for they cigarettes at the same time . Louis look at Allen write . a mirror between father and son . a moment of warm appreciation . Louis hand Allen a package from the mail pile . louis this come for you today . the package be from Columbia University . Allen open it , mystify as to what it might be . it 's he manuscript . on it , a note : " Walt Jr. : keep this , keep go . - Professor steeve . " the music on the radio suddenly stop for a news broadcast . radio announcer ( v.o. ) this be Bill O'Connell report from Paris and this be the sound of liberation . over the radio come the sound of a roaring celebration . radio announcer ( v.o. ) crowd have assemble in the street . Allen take in the historic news . he look at he father . the world , forever change . radio announcer ( v.o. ) this be the end of a long darkness . France and Europe be finally free . crowd erupt in whistle and cheer . Allen take it in . the moment lucien have dream of . 95 . the Mills Brothers ' " you always hurt the one you Love " start to play . ext . riverside park - day Sun stream on Allen , stand at the bank of the Hudson River , at the place where David die . allen ( v.o. ) another lover hit the universe . but the night here have pass , a new day begin . it 's now pastoral , shimmer . strol couple , family walk by . Allen close he eye . allen ( v.o. ) the circle be break . int . west end bar - day a raucous crowd now fill the boy ' old haunt . Soldiers , New yorker of all kind , pour champagne , toast the end of the second World War . allen ( v.o. ) but with death come rebirth . the camera search through the crowd to find Allen smoking in a banquette towards the rear of the bar , dress - down , scruffy - a hint of the man he will soon become . he be joyous , write in he journal . allen ( v.o. ) and like all lover and sad people the camera then pan past Allen , up and across the old college photo on the wall . we find a frame newspaper article on the Columbia 's football team 's latest victory . in the corner of the article , we see a familiar face . as we move closer , we can read the edge of the headline read : " honor slaying . " the face belong to lucien carr , stare down , freeze in time . lucien be now on the wall . 96 . allen ( v.o. ) I be a poet . CUT to black . the follow text card fade up on screen . first card : portray David kammerer as a homosexual predator , lucien carr ple guilty to first degree manslaughter . he serve 18 month in a reformatory . he work as a editor at United Press International , where he remain until he death in 2005 . he marry twice and have three child . second card : edie parker 's family bail out Jack kerouac , on the condition they marry and move to Michigan . craving friend in New York , he annull he marriage and begin a journey that would inspire he novel on the Road . third card : William burrough leave he family to pursue a criminal life in New York that he document in he novel junkie and nake lunch . he co -wrote he first novel with Jack , a novel base on David kammerer 's murder . it be keep from publication for over sixty year . FOURTH card : after he expulsion from Columbia University in 1945 , Allen ginsberg become one of the most award poet in american history . he dedicated he first publish collection howl and other poem to lucien carr . 97 . in response , lucien ask that he name be withdraw from all further edition . fade to black .