note to reader : with the number of character in this film , the name and affiliation of each one will be super-imposed on screen as they be introduce . also , transition to : denote a movement between past and present and vice-versa . fade in : title card : this be a true story montage fracture visual unfold . face , event , life , pass in split second ellipse . Chaos as prologue . carnage as backdrop . crawl : colombia , 1985 : the medellin drug cartel : a outlaw kingdom borne of bloodsh . a violent legacy writ large : Cocaine . at its core , the centrifugal figure of pablo escobar , " El Doctor " : a man who at the age of thirty - three , have reach a level of affluence and power stratospheric in scale ... a man whom many believe to be the father of modern terrorism . he lord over a billion dollar drug empire to brutal effect and wage open war against a entire country . he be ruthless , revere , vilify , fear and remain what many consider to be the last great gangster of the 20th century ... ... the world will never again see a criminal quite like he . end crawl we see : Pablo the family man . with he wife maria victoria . play with he daughter manuela and son juan pablo . we see : Pablo , the public figure , break ground on a housing project , visit child in the hospital , attend function for one of he dozen charitable organization . we see : Pablo , the social animal ; at a bullfight , at a nightclub , at a soccer match . always the center of attention . we see : a final image of Pablo dress as the famous mexican bandito and revolutionary pancho villa . as the camera push in on this image , we dissolve to : int . apartment - rural medellin - morning ( present ) Pablo escobar ... one day after he 44th birthday . a title fade up on - screen , lower - third : " endgame part I " he lie on a small bed in he aunt 's apartment , take deep drag off a joint , stare off , lose , long since remove from the precipice of power . his cellphone begin to chirp . super : " medellin , colombia . December 2 , 1993 . 11:40 be . " the ringing cellphone reverberate , as the camera drift out and away from pablo , tilting up toward the cloudless blue sky , revealing a small plane , high above . ext . beechcraft plane - ( present ) surveillance and radio-telemetry antennae attach to the fuselage of a beechcraft model 350 prop plane . int . beechcraft - same ( present ) recessed in the plane 's wall be a array of hi-tech eavesdropp device . technician on headsets listen in , hunch over laptop display signal and frequency readout . captain kyle robertson , 25 , sinew and smart with a diamond cutter 's attention to detail , command centra - spike ; the U.S. Army 's elite surveillance unit . we hear the voice of a small girl : it be Pablo 's daughter , manuela . robertson ( reacting , to other ) he 's talk ! get search - bloc up ! Pablo 's voice boom over the plane 's cabin . pablo ( o.s. spanish ) manuelita ! baby girl ! how be you ? manuela ( o.s. ) hello daddy , where be you now ? I want to see you ! robertson ... so do we . Robertson monitor he display as a green arc extend across the screen , undulate and sharpen as flash white line intersect the arc , gradually pinpoint Pablo 's cell signal . ext . parking lot - side STREET - medellin - same ( present ) a assortment of panel van and nondescript vehicle sit idle . they occupant , comprise of member of the colombian military 's search -bloc unit and american delta force operator listen to the beechcraft 's feed of Pablo 's phone call . int . mercede van - parking lot - same ( present ) lieutenant hugo martinez JR , 21 , a lean , boyish , intense man , occupy the passenger seat , adjust dial on a gray metal box , press he headset tight . the screen on the gray box be identical to the monitor in the beechcraft . Hugo Jr. study the same green arc with the intersect white line as the door to the van be open , revealing major steve jacoby ; 30 , Delta Force Commander : the complete package . his bear one of complete confidence and determination . jacoby yes or no ? hugo JR . few more minute . the green line on Hugo 's screen pulsate , lengthen . he remove he headset , take up a cellphone , dial . int . carlo holguin school - morning ( present ) a convert police academy turn ad hoc military base op . this facility house faction of the drug enforcement Agency ( dea ) Delta Force and the cnp ( colombian National Police ) we find colonel hugo martinez , late 40' . a man possess of a warrior 's gird and a survivor 's pedigree . the bane of he very be ... Pablo escobar . his phone ring , he grab it . hugo JR . ( o.s. ) ... dad ... Pablo 's back on the air . the Colonel close he eye , a deep sigh ... it 's now or never . colonel martinez ... go get he . transition to : ext . congressional build - bogota ( past ) commotion on the step of Congress as newly elect congressional alternate pablo escobar , 36 , step out of he car to a chorus of cheer . his wife Maria Victoria , infant daughter manuela and young son juan pablo accompany he . legend on - screen : " bogota , colombia . 1986 . " Pablo be mobbed as he make he way up the step , wave and smile for the camera , protect on all side by he man : JOHN " popeye " velasquez 28 . alvero " limon " do jesus , 25 and brance " tyson " munoz , also 25 : a trio of vicious thug who cleave through the crowd as Pablo ascend the step , greeting he mother hermilida , 60' and he lawyer , the diminutive , rodent - like guido parra , 51 . reporter senor escobar , what do you make of the rumor that drug money be use to purchase you seat in congress ? pablo show I the candidate who do not spend money and I will show you the same one who lose . the gather roar with laughter . guido parra senor escobar win this seat as a alternate by run a clean race . there be no drug money involved . a young female reporter , diana turbay , mid - 20' , push to within a few foot of El Doctor . his man block she advance . diana turbay what of report that call you the world 's large cocaine trafficker and colombia 's foremost mass murderer . escobar stare down at she , he expression betray nothing . pablo they be the product of that in the press rank desperate to make a name for themselves Ms. turbay . diana turbay you have be list in forbe magazine as one of the fifty wealthiest man in the world . do you expect we to believe that that fortune be the by-product of a bicycle rental business you start with you brother ? Pablo hoist he son up into he arm in a vague defensive gesture . Parra feel for he cue , but Pablo answer himself . pablo you father and we former President be implicate by the american television show " 60 Minutes " as a drug trafficker Ms. turbay . do you ask he this kind of question ? turbay ignore the slight and press she question . diana turbay be you worried about the U.S. and they effort to have you extradite ? pablo the blame for the cocaine problem in America must go somewhere , so it come to colombia , to I . we do not have the gringo 's drug problem here and the coca leaf , like the coffee bean , have be part of we culture for thousand of year . diana turbay and what of you edict " plata y plomo " that you accept Pablo 's silver , he " friendship " . or you accept he lead . pablo ( grin , to he mother ) you should have be more strict . ( turn to he wife ) and you ! why would you marry such a man ! shame on you ! Reporters laugh and titter , totally charme and enthralled . pablo if it 's a outlaw you require Ms. turbay and it seem as though you do , then you need look no further than justice Minister lara . a man under suspicion of accept bribe from colombia 's drug trade . it 's he you should be investigate . ( beat ) not a newly - elect member of congress . int . congressional chamber - anteroom - same ( past ) a black bulletproof vest slide the length of a conference table , come to rest in front of colombian justice Minister rodrigo lara , 38 , handsome , fierce , formidable . at the other end of the conference table , U.S. ambassador lewis tamb , 62 , a stout , stalwart Reagan conservative and he aide de camp , counter - terrorism specialist morris busby , 54 . tamb it 's a gift and a promise senor lara . it 's how seriously the United States be take the threat of Pablo escobar . lara grin , glance at he friend , senator luis galan , 36 , the man most likely to assume the mantle of President . galan ... and what be it you want ? busby we be ask that you deny he a seat in you congress and denounce he presence here today . tamb that vest be a symbol of we pledge to help you bring he to justice . lara and what justice would that be ? the United States ' or colombia 's ? tamb whichever one burn he to the ground or put he behind bar . let 's put that fine a point on it gentleman . at the window , watch all the activity on the step below , be House speaker cesar gaviria , 36 , a quiet , taciturn man . gaviria ... we be about to pick a fight we can not back away from . everyone 's attention shift to gaviria . gaviria if we humiliate he in front of he friend and family , on the day he believe he 's to be deliver into respectable colombian society -- busby ( interrupt ) -- escobar be think by many to be the de facto leader of colombia senor gaviria . if you continue to bow to the whim of this man -- gaviria turn from the window , he gaze find busby . gaviria -- I be not advocate any such action Mr. busby . please allow I to finish . ( to galan and lara ) the statement we make today will be hear by the rest of the world . ( beat , point ) what be it we want to say ? int . congressional floor - day ( past ) Pablo escobar enter the chamber to collective gasp . he quietly take he place on the floor , glance up and winking at he family and friend , seat in the balcony above . a assortment of delegate come over to congratulate the drug kingpin . Pablo accept the adulation , shaking hand , pose for picture . Cesar gaviria enter , gavell the session to order . everyone take they seat . finally : gaviria May I introduce , lady and gentlemen of the Congress , the esteem justice Minister , senor rodrigo lara . as lara step to the podium and be greet by jeer from the balcony . Representatives look up , annoyed , only to be glower back at by escobar 's goons . Pablo just pick at he nail . lara I want to welcome all of we representative and distinguished colleague back to session ... I would like to begin today on a personal note . there have be criminal accusation levele against I and my office . accusation of accept illegal campaign check and ill-gotten gain from the drug trade . in response , I offer to resign my post should any proof of this surface . ( beat , right at Pablo ) there be blackmail and extortion be perpetrate within colombia 's political class , but not by I ... ( ( beat , point ) we have here , Representative Pablo escobar . bear in a very poor area , himself very poor and yet through astute deal in the bicycle rental business he have amass a fortune that include dozen of mansion , learjet and expensive car . ( now , the killshot ) this man mount charitable organization to bribe a needy and unprotect people while systematically destroy the very fabric of colombian society . Pablo now understand that this be to be a ambush and not a inauguration . barely contain rage bristle as he rise , storming down the aisle toward the exit . lara his presence here be a disgrace to decent political aspiration and I be determine to see he expell from the New liberal Party ! ( beat , voice booming ) and I vow to work with that government seek the demise of you kind ! never again will I refuse the extradition of one of you dog ! lara 's word ring out like a rifle shot . Pablo stop at the chamber door , look back at the justice Minister , a small tight smile on he face as he nod , exite . a sudden eruption rise from the balcony . a outcry from Pablo 's man , who begin taunting lara until they be forcibly remove by Security . tambs and busby look on from the shadow . both man understand the gravity of this moment as we CUT to : int . restaurant - bogota - night ( past ) a group of high rank colombian military officer share a boisterous meal in the back of a upscale bogota restaurant . the camera track and find : Colonel martinez , bespectacle , soft , academic in appearance . he lug in technical manual and reference book to the delight of he fellow officer . colonel martinez my apology . train . general vargas , 60' , the Colonel 's barrel - chest commanding officer , rib he . general vargas we hear it go brilliantly out there today . you be on the range , yes ? the Colonel nod , pour himself a big glass of wine . general tapia , 60' , gruff , distinguished , chime in . general tapia do you remember what it do Hugo ? where the bullet go ? another man , general maza , blustery , drunk , blurt out : general maza I hear a recruit have to remind you where the safety be ! colonel martinez see this be how rumor get start . ( beat , grin , deadpan ) he actually have to be remind there be a safety . stemware tremble as the table roar with laughter . general vargas Hugo , yours be a superb military mind that have absolutely no business on or near the field of battle . colonel martinez ( raise he own glass . ) here , here . as the laughter slowly abate , a still irate Pablo escobar accompany by he family and entourage , enter the establishment to the collective shudder of everyone . the owner , maitre would and head chef hastily assemble to greet he . the Colonel 's table fall funeral still . colonel martinez ( after a beat ) so Don Pablo run into some trouble on the Senate floor this afternoon ... a rhetorical that no one respond to . as Pablo and he group be seat , General maza stand and drop he napkin on the table , abruptly exite the restaurant without another word . the celebratory air of only moment ago be now go , replace by a palpable chill . the Colonel 's colleague squirm , put off by they proximity to Pablo . martinez take note . he glance over at a visibly dismay General vargas . colonel martinez ( lean in , quietly ) I think he be denounce today . general vargas ( nodd , grim ) he be ... and there will be hell to pay tomorrow . CUT to : a television screen : jittery image of police and armed soldier exchange gunfire with unseen assailant in front of bogota 's Palace of justice . tank ram the building . helicopter hover over it as troops rope down . the camera slowly pull back off the screen news anchor ( v.o. ) this be image from the Palace of justice in bogota , colombia where a guerrilla rebel faction know as m - 19 have storm the building and take what be believe to be the whole of the colombian Supreme Court hostage . we have confirm that eleven of the court 's justice be kill in a fire - fight with authority ... this brazen act of terror have all but crippled the colombian judiciary . lake ( v.o. ) ... turn the volume down , please . a aide step in , adjust the volume , the camera revealing : super : " Washington D.C. November , 1986 " int . n.s.a . office - WASHINGTON D.C. - day ( past ) -- morning ANTHONY lake : the National Security advisor to the President , 56 , a slender , professorial , bald man with glass . he sit in he office with two other man : d.e.a . agent joe toft , 50' , a grizzle drug war vet and a young Major jacoby . toft there 's power ... and then there 's Pablo escobar . lake you be convinced he 's behind this ? toft assassinate half the supreme court ? it would be like one of we put a hit out on the White House -- -- another aide come rush in , hold a computer printout . aide -- sorry to interrupt . lake no. go. what ? aide ( read printout ) the guerrilla be demand , in exchange for the life of they remain captive , that the colombian government repeal its extradition treaty with the U.S. toft trade look with Lake . aide the cnp be estimate that in addition to the eleven slain justice , another forty rebel be kill along with fifty palace employee . lake good christ. ( back to toft ) what about barco , the President ? will he pit-bull this or be h-- -- jacoby rush over , restore sound to the television . on - screen ; pitch black smoke billow from the palace window . news anchor ( v.o. ) -- ablaze , with most of the north side of the palace engulf by flame . smoke be first spot in the window of the first floor record area ... jacoby Pablo 's burn the evidence against he . lake what evidence ? toft ( stare at the screen ) all of it . bogota house the criminal record and court proceedings for the entire country . ( beat , back to Lake ) you can not take this guy straight up . his crew murder anyone that so much as bad mouth he and what he do not kill or kidnap , he busy . we want he beat , we better be ready to bulldoze every basic human right he have ... CUT to : int . escobar mansion - night ( past ) Pablo lie in bed . both he daughter and wife be asleep next to he . he take toke off a joint , watch the tragedy in bogota unfold on television ... a dead , indifferent gaze . toft ( v.o. ) ... because he be the hyrdra of a million head ... and you will never be able to cut them all off . CUT back to scene : lake well , we will have plenty of sword to swing . the President just earmarke a quarter billion dollar to battle the cartel . ( beat , to jacoby ) Major , how quickly can we get Delta assemble down there ? jacoby ( with a nod to toft ) if the d.e.a. can provide pocket cover and backstop in - country , we could be up and run in a week . lake done . I will notify the ambassador 's office . lew tambs will be thrilled . ( beat ) Joe , if you could , get word to we friend in medellin . int . car - outside medellin - day ( past ) rodrigo lara ride along , speak on he cellphone . a aide sit in the backseat next to he , read colombia 's national newspaper El tiempo . in the rear window , we see a motorcycle trail some distance behind they . lara ( listen , nodd ) excellent . that 's excellent news ambassador and I thank you . ( listen , smile ) yes ... again , all my gratitude . lara disconnect , seem invigorate . lara the Americans be commit . aide good timing . ( read paper ) escobar just found a new political movement that call themselves -- intercut pablo ( v.o . ) -- the extradictable . int . escobar finca ( mansion ) - one day earlier ( past ) Pablo hold court with a young reporter . pablo and we vow to fight , to the death , until the unlawful , unconstitutional treaty with the gringos be -- int . car - outside medellin - continuous ( past ) the aide continue read . aide -- terminate . we promise swift , permanent reprisal for any who choose to oppose we , hold fast to a simple decree : better a tomb in colombia -- int . escobar finca - continuous ( past ) Pablo , lean toward the reporter for emphasis . pablo -- than a prison cell in the United States . we know who we enemy be ... and they should know this -- int . car - outside medellin - continuous ( past ) the aide finish read . aide -- you be not safe . lara smirk , not notice that the motorcycle have pull flush with he sedan . he look over . then he life end . the rider sling a uzi off he shoulder , firing . lara be hit in the head and throat , slumping forward . his aide and the Driver be strafe / strike . the car slam into a guard - rail as we CUT to : ext . political rally - suburb of bogota - day ( past ) a large , wreathe - adorn photograph of the slain rodrigo lara sit beneath a podium . Luis galan stand on a rostrum behind it . behind he , a banner read : " galan for president " super : " bogota , colombia . 1987 " Black arm band , hundred of they , be wear to honor the slain lara . gaviria stand on the rostrum with galan , grieve alongside tambs . a contingent of cnp officer , young recruit , be on hand for security purpose . they commanding officer : Colonel martinez . galan you can kill a man and drive the life from he , like my dear friend , rodrigo lara . what you can not kill . what will never die , be the spirit that drive the man . for it life on long after he 's leave this earth . it thrive in the eye of we child ... galan make eye contact with a young boy in the crowd . galan ... and in the dream they carry for we country 's future . a future which be now under siege . the narco- trafficker think that by silencing that like rodrigo lara , they will win . but he death , while bring we all great sadness , will do nothing to diminish we effort against they kind . and as President , I will not stop until this coward be eradicate , one and all ! the crowd erupt in applause . the young boy have make it to the front , right under the rostrum at the security rope , seek a autograph from the candidate . galan grin , gesture for the boy to be bring up . as two of the cnp officer hoist he up , he smile evaporate as he drop the pad and replace it with a 9 mm pistol , discharge it into galan at point blank range . the candidate go down behind a miasma of smoke and muzzle flash as the crowd explode , bedlam break and spread like a brush fire . instinct override common sense as the Colonel throw himself into flash panic of people trample one another , grapple with the boy , he small black eye beam up as he fire another shot , graze martinez , who wrest the gun away . gaviria and tambs rush over to galan , but he 's go ... ext . colombian street - medellin - night / later ( past ) fire rage , rioter roam , police siren wail ... all of colombia seem ready to implode follow the brutal slay of lara . int . tamb residence - same ( past ) official from the embassy be on hand to console tambs . tamb -- I have get a granddaughter that age for God 's sake . be this what escobar 's do ? hire child to kill for he ? embassy official ambassador we would like to move you to the embassy vault for the time be . tambs stand , nodd absently , walk out on a balcony overlook the street . embassy official it 's really the safest place for you ... tambs gaze out at the mayhem on the horizon . then , a flash hit below with white - hot concussion -- and tambs be suddenly weightless , intense heat rippling over like razor as a blast wave uncoil from the car bomb just detonate beneath he . the force unleash pinballs tambs off the far wall of he apartment . the room 's other occupant lie tangle in shock or staggering upright , try to stand , bloody , boggle . tambs lurch to he foot , stumbling through the pall of impenetrable smoke pour in . down below , he car burn , upend . passersbys lie dead on the street , kill mid-stride . tambs collapse , shaking , sobbing uncontrollably . int . busby home - chevy chase , maryland - night ( past ) a ringing phone intrude on busby 's sleep . he rouse himself , snatching the receiver up , mumble a " hello , " listen ... busby ...oh Jesus , be he alright ? his wife roll over , rub off sleep , listen ... busby ... yeah ... no , forget it , I be get up now . I will see you in a hour . he hang up , move across the bed , lie in he wife 's lap . wife what happen ? busby lew tambs just resign he post as ambassador to colombia . a car bomb go off under he building . wife be he hurt ? busby he get bang up , yeah . wife who be they get to replace he ? a beat . busby roll around to face she ... guess . ext . bario do pablo escobar - day ( past ) Pablo stand before a crowd of underprivileged family , hold a pair of scissors up to a large velvet ribbon strung across a street line with new home . smiling , he cut the ribbon and people rush past to claim they new dwelling . a priest be on hand to anoint the grounds as well as Pablo himself , who receive the bless with affect humility . a older woman , she face deeply crease and fraught with tear , clutches Pablo 's arm , thanking he profusely . he draw she in , smile , laugh . she kiss he face . the old woman be gently guide away by she equally grateful son . News camera capture the moment . Pablo turn he attention to the gather reporter . pablo a year ago this be a landfill , populate by squatter and beggar . I stand here , on this spot and ask God for he guidance and good grace . ( with nod to the Priest ) he show I this ... so I build it . ( turn back ) that child . this family . if you have never know joy , it have a face ... ( back over he shoulder ) and this be what it look like . reporter how much of this housing development be subsidize by we government ? pablo none of it ... and I do not consider the current government to be " ours " . it 's not something bear of , or build by colombian . this country belong to we , not to its fail leadership . reporter # 2 senor , be you attitude the result of be denounce in the Senate ? pablo ( beat , with regret ) I do not like admit how wrong I be , or how foolish I now feel . Politics , I have learn , be a parlor game for the corrupt ... Men like the late rodrigo lara and Luis galan . reporter # 3 there be that that believe you be behind they murder senor . this concern that you have align yourself with , " the extradictable -- Pablo , a smirk , shaking he head , wave off the question -- pablo -- be a political coalition , not a pack of wolf ... a small child wander up , Pablo lift she onto he lap . pablo ... we group be found to preserve we rights and battle the oligarchy run this country . both lara and galan be suspect of be in the pocket of the drug cartel . they be criminal who repeatedly betrayed they people -- ( gesture around ) -- this people , who be all thing blood and spirit and soil . ( beat , with emphasis ) I will never again pledge faith to bogota . my allegiance now and forever will be to my people and to my country ... always to colombia . ext . napole estate - day ( past ) the epicurean epicenter of all of colombia : hacidena napole , escobar 's most lavish finca . a veritable monument to colombia 's booming drug trade . a wild party be in progress . thong -clad woman lounge poolside as waiter deliver drink , joint and line of cocaine on silver trays ... semi-nude girl slide down a banister toward escobar 's man , who line up at the bottom , tongue uncoil . this be bacchanalia at its most debauch . Pablo and guido Parra stroll the grounds as Pablo read from the current " El tiempo " on the cover ; a full - length photo of the newly appoint ambassador to colombia , Morris busby , who stare right into the camera , a expression of cut stone . pablo ( read ) the U.S. have not send a diplomat to colombia ... they have send a warrior . ( hand paper to Parra ) our be a war of the just . guido parra and one that if we continue to wage , will only bring the gringos in great force and number ... rodrigo lara , Luis galan , this man be beloved -- pablo -- they be enemy of colombia . and deserve fate far worse than the one they receive . the remark be uttere with total calm and a complete absence of anger ... make it all the more chill . Pablo and Parra sit . they be join by the rogue 's gallery of Pablo flunky : popeye , limon , tyson , who , like the most loyal of lap dog , must always remain close to they master . guido parra Doctor , might I be the quiet voice of calm here and urge you to -- pablo -- guido , do you understand what we be set against ? what we be force to do battle with here ? heretical , hypocritical scum . killer . this bastard in bogota say " escobar be evil " because they can not bear to acknowledge everything I have build in they absence . house and hospital and school and soccer field . the poor in this country be shit on . who 's they protector ? when they seek salvation , when they search the heaven for hope , who do they see ? me. Pablo escobar . private citizen . I give selflessly and ask only in return to conduct my business as I choose and how do bogota respond ? do they seek I out to shake my hand ? no . they persecute and provoke ... and seek my end . ( beat , summoning piety ) this be a revolution . poncho villa , guevara , castro - - all wage similar war with the state . one that dedicated itself to they destruction -- transition back to : int . apartment - rural medellin - morning ( present ) Pablo , back in the present day , on he phone , resume he rant from the past . his tone more desperate now . super : " medellin , colombia . December 2 , 1993 . 11:53am . " pablo -- just as this government dedicate itself to mine , by give I over to the gringos , so I can be parade in front of they President and put on display like noriega . ( beat , compose himself ) my love , if I let that happen , then I have fail . not just my family , but my country ... what 's stand against they but I ? a title fade up on - screen , lower - third : " endgame part ii " maria victoria ( v.o. ) I worry about you . you have be go so long now . I miss you so much . pablo I know you do . come outside , on the balcony so I can see you face . super : December 2 , 1993 . 11:15 be Pablo walk to he balcony , a telescope be set up there . int . beechcraft - same ( present ) Robertson and the tech , collective finger cross . pablo ( v.o. ) there you be my love ... technician # 2 two minute in ! technician he should have disconnect by now . pablo ( v.o. ) my beautiful Maria Victoria ... robertson ... c'mon , tell she how much you love she shithead . take you time ... the green arc on-screen define . the tech sweat ... then , three intersect line lock ... Pablo have be locate . technician bravo - Charlie ! we have tango ! int . mercede van - parking lot - medellin - same ( present ) hugo jr. ( react , back to jacoby ) tango 's signal be lock ! jacoby , turn away from the van , mobilize he man . jacoby escobar 's light , let 's roll . he and he Operators pile into vehicle , join a caravan lead by Hugo Jr 's van as it pull out of the parking lot . int . panel van ( jacoby' transport ) - day ( present ) everyone amp up , listen to Pablo 's voice over the vehicle 's speaker and a small squawk - box hold by jacoby . maria victoria ( v.o. ) you son want to speak to you . he have some question from the reporter . pablo ( v.o. ) put he on . int . apartment - rural medellin - morning ( present ) Pablo pace . from the skylight above , the sun strafe through , break the cloud cover , a beam play over he form like a floodlight , illuminate he for the heaven to see ... not even God it seem , will let Pablo escobar hide now ... he stare up into the sunlight as he son 's voice come on the line . juan pablo ( v.o. ) ... hello poppa . pablo pablito , how be you boy ? juan pablo ( v.o. ) I wish you be here ... I be scared . pablo do not be scared son . not now , we be too close . you have some question ? int . jacoby' vehicle -- continuous ( present ) jacoby and the other listen intently . Delta Operator mike murphy , 20' , ex-college linebacker , man the radio-telemetry . murphy he 's fuck himself huge stay on the line like this . jacoby do not jinx it hoss . juan pablo ( v.o. ) uh , okay : " would you father surrender himself to the authority if you family be give exile elsewhere ? " int . apartment - rural medellin - continuous ( present ) Pablo sit back on the bed , pat himself down for a joint . pablo yes , if the term be favorable and my family be protect and grant safe passage out of colombia . write this down son , do you have a pen ? juan pablo ( o.s. ) yes. pablo good ... I would also demand , as part of that agreement that that individual , namely Colonel martinez and he murderous search -bloc ... ext . carlo holguin school - continuous ( present ) the Colonel listen to he mortal enemy 's lament as he pull on he coat and head out to a await helicopter . pablo ( v.o. ) ... be vigorously prosecute for they criminal action against this country . include the repeat torture and execution of innocent colombian ... int . jacoby' vehicle -- continuous weapon be lock and load , safeties flicked " off " extra magazine store ... expertly train soldier prepare to war . jacoby ( address all ) no contact until search - bloc fire the first shot . after that , run you mag dry , collect you brass and do not bring a single bullet back from this fight fella ... I mean it . over the speaker , Pablo and son continue they conversation . juan pablo ( v.o. ) okay . I get it ... next question ... pablo ( v.o. ) go ahead son . jacoby I get a gut on this one . today 's the day we bag he . juan pablo ( v.o. ) do the government of the United States represent you great fear ? the camera push in slowly on jacoby 's face . reflection from tree and building obscure it , play over it as we ... ... transition to : ext . EL dorado airport - bogota - runway - day ( past ) a young , less world weary jacoby , glimpse through the window portal of a small passenger jet as it taxi to a stop . super : " bogota , colombia . 1988 " int . private hangar -- day ( past ) jacoby move down the jetway along with Joe toft and a embassy representative . int . embassy car - day ( past ) jacoby and toft blow through the street of bogota . toft remove a .45 from its holster and lay it across he lap . toft if something pop , I do not want to worry about clear my holster . jacoby be prompt to pull he weapon as well . jacoby shit ... it 's that bad ? toft no . it 's worse . what 's leave of the Supreme Court , the one who survive the assault in bogota , declare a emergency session to review Columbia 's extradition treaty with the U.S. jacoby and they be gonna repeal it . toft that 's the vibe . Pablo 's get the government pissing down its leg pally . ( beat ) let 's do a little debrief . CUT to : scene : as toft speak , we see the wrath bring to bear on that who oppose Pablo and he all - powerful medellin cartel . toft ( v.o. ) Monday morning , guillermo cano , editor of El espectador write in he column : guillermo cano , at he desk in the mammoth office of El espectador . we hear he voice as he write : guillermo cano " it seem we have decide to live with crime and declare ourselves defeat ... man like Pablo escobar have take over colombia " ext . STREET - evening ( past ) cano walk up the street . a motorcycle approach from behind . toft ( v.o. ) Monday night ... he 's murder . the rider unload a AK - 47 into cano 's back as he pass . toft ( v.o. ) Tuesday , Jose antequera , leader of the Union patriotica Party and candidate for president ... ext . STREET - morning ( past ) antequera , at a stop light , when we see popeye , in the crosswalk , suddenly dart in - toft ( v.o. ) ... assassinate at a traffic light . - and casually shoot he in the head , stripping a gold wristwatch off the arm of antequera and run off . int . embassy car - continuous -- ( past ) toft continue he debrief . toft carlos Valencia , a judge that have issue arrest warrant for Pablo .. ext . residential STREET - day ( past ) a woman struggle against she captor , scream hysterically as she 's stuff into the trunk of a car . toft ( v.o. ) ...has he wife kidnap in broad daylight . she 's later kill and dumped on he doorstep . they slam the trunk on she . int . embassy car - continuous - ( past ) jacoby and toft rocket along . bogota hurtle by outside . toft Pablo 's clipped sixteen judge in just the last month , not count the Supreme Court justice ... and every one of they be pro-extradition . archival footage : thousands of robe judge and magistrate protest , carry picket sign bear escobar 's likeness . toft ( v.o. ) four-thousand appeal court judge go on a national strike last week protest they vulnerability . int . embassy car - continuous ( past ) jacoby , waylaid . toft after the last round of killing , President barco suspend habeus Corpus so the cnp could arrest and detain anyone they want , without charge they with a crime . montage cnp officer be murder en masse . toft ( v.o. ) Pablo respond by issue a stand bounty of five - million peso for the murder of any police officer . this image be hyper- fast , abbreviate : cop shot outside they home , while jogging , on the street with they family . toft ( v.o. ) not even the funeral be safe . a cop be actually kill leave the funeral of a slain friend toft ( v.o. ) barco counter by form a special police unit call search -bloc . a group of colombia 's best and brightest young officer be swear into the new unit , they right hand raise in pledge . ext . cnp headquarters - bogota - day ( past ) the colombian National Police building . officer cycle in and out . pedestrian move up the busy street . toft ( v.o. ) a day after they formation , three - hundred pound of explosive be detonate outside cnp headquarters . the face of the building be suddenly shear away in a bomb blast that swallow everything whole , blow out window six block away . ext . embassy car - continuous ( past ) they pull up to the embassy gate ; massive military presence be everywhere ... troops , sandbagge barricade , bomb-sniff dog . they vehicle be carefully inspect , then waive in . toft you know what Pablo 's big quote be ? " terrorism be the atomic bomb of the poor . it 's the only way they can fight back . " this sonofabitch be a multi-billionaire and he 's get the ball to plead poverty . jacoby plight of the poor . take up they struggle y'can get away with anything . toft this be not Robin Hood bub . Pablo be about money and power . and he will bomb and kill and kidnap to perpetuate both for as long as he can . ( beat ) but he make one big fuck mistake . not with all the people he 's murder . ... but with the one he leave alive . CUT back to : ext . cnp headquarters - bogota - day ( past ) moment after the explosion . fire blaze within the remain of the building , smoke be everywhere , out of this hellish maw emerge a man ; burnt , bloody , bent . we recognize he . toft ( v.o. ) Colonel Hugo martinez . Commander of the search -bloc ... int . embassy - day ( past ) toft and jacoby , move swiftly up the embassy 's corridor . toft nobody want that command you know . int . das ( department of administrative security ) - day ( past ) camera track along a row of colombia 's top officer : the finest fight stock in the country . we have glimpse they before ... in the restaurant with the Colonel at the beginning . toft ( v.o. ) this be front line guy , field general , back from battle marxist guerrilla . they would see serious combat and still , every one of them back away from run search - bloc . one after the other they decline the search - bloc command . toft ( v.o. ) ... no one want to fuck with Pablo . the camera settle on Colonel martinez , the bullet graze from the boy who murder lara have harden to a scar . he look less like a academic now ... and more like a warrior . int . embassy - continuous - day ( past ) toft and jacoby step into a elevator as the door shut . toft ... except for the man you be about to meet int . embassy - fifth floor vault - day ( past ) the elevator arrive at the Fort knox-like fifth floor vault . they be meet by the d.e.a . agent javier santos , 40' , a tattooe ex-marine . toft make intros . santos they flip it . the Supreme Court . toft scoff . the three man start down a corridor together . santos the treaty be sign by a delegate of the President and not the President himself , so they revoke it ... they will be party in medellin tonight man . int . embassy - fifth floor vault - meeting room - day ( past ) jacoby , toft and Santos enter . a subdued mood greet they . assemble be busby , presidential front-runner gaviria , he slight , bookish campaign manager eduardo mendoza , 31 , and a heavily bandage colonel hugo martinez , still recover . busby gentlemen I be sure we be all put off by the news out of bogota this morning . but know that as President barco prepare to step down - ( beat , gesture ) - senor gaviria have agree , at the urging of the son of the late Luis galan to resume he father 's presidential bid ... we all owe he a huge debt of gratitude for that ... a polite round of applause for a embarrassed gaviria . then ; gaviria my first action , will be to work with we court and reinstate the extradition treaty so that the cali and medellin cartel can be dismantle ... and narco like Pablo escobar can be permanently imprison . the Colonel speak , voice rag , rife with recent loss . colonel martinez I mean no disrespect to you senor . but if you attempt to reinstate the treaty , escobar will resume the kill ... and he will start with you . busby the Colonel 's right . once Pablo find out what you intend to do when you take office , you will be target . toft ( to gaviria ) you need to get someone close to you to run you security . someone that you know would never sell you out . without hesitate , gaviria turn to he old friend mendoza . gaviria ... eduardo ? mendoza , take by surprise , think it 's a joke at first . mendoza Cesar ... I be a lawyer . we sell people out for a live ... ( off gaviria 's look ) you be serious ? gaviria you be first , my friend ... and the only person I would trust right now to ensure the life of my family . mendoza weigh that responsibility ... then , with reluctance . mendoza very well . busby Major jacoby will provide surveillance on escobar so he movement can be closely monitor . Beyond that , we government have prohibit we from take military action or participate any further ... colonel martinez when escobar go back on the rampage ambassador . and he will . when do the U.S. take up arm with we ? busby do not respond . the Colonel read the implication . colonel martinez will the U.S. take up arm with we ? ( off busby 's silence ) we lose thirty officer in the first five day of search - bloc 's formation . Pablo 's murder another ninety - six since then . it 's incomprehensible the damage he 's do . I have to stop attend funeral , unless that kill be of rank . ( long beat , look up ) I only accept this assignment because no one else would . I too have a family and I do not want my wife to have to bury she husband or my child , they father . ( to gaviria ) but I will see this command through , no matter the cost , because I believe escobar , to be a monster ... and something that must be stop . the room have go utterly still . the Colonel turn he gaze to he bandage hand , he word hang like lead . ext . fifth floor vault ( meeting room ) - later jacoby exit , jogging up the hall to catch the Colonel . jacoby Colonel martinez . the Colonel stop , turn back . jacoby reach he . jacoby I just want you to know , anything you need , anything Delta can do for you , for search - bloc , we will do . colonel martinez that 's not what I hear in there . jacoby I have to abide by my order Colonel . it 's not my choice . colonel martinez ... then what choice would you make Major ? jacoby , step closer , sense a kinship with martinez . jacoby Sir . we end life for a live ... and I would like nothing more than to apply that to Pablo and put he down . colonel martinez unfortunately ... I be afraid that 's exactly what it 's go to take . jacoby killing he . colonel martinez yes. ( long beat ) my heart have be break Major ... the man I have lain to rest , will be with I , I be sure , the rest of my day . I do not know death as you do . or do not . now , I be ... not certain . the fear I have feel this month , the pit in my stomach ... be be replace ... ( beat , unsure , confuse ) ... I be be turn in a way that , trouble I ... the Colonel abruptly end they conversation and turn , limping off down the hall ... jacoby just watch he go . int . HOTEL room - bogota - day jacoby , a can of beer rest on he chest , have the hotel phone to he ear , hook into and route through a portable scrambler . his wife maureen be on the line . a copy of EL tiempo lie strewn over the bed . the camera pull back slowly . jacoby be baby girl asleep already ? maureen ( v.o. ) she burn it at both end that little nut . just like she daddy . jacoby grin at this , play with the phone cord . maureen you tired Love ? jacoby I be beat ... you miss I ? maureen ( v.o. ) I always miss you when you be go ... the camera continue back , revealing more of the room ; a rathole with zero charm . the bed look absolutely abuse . maureen ( v.o. ) can you at least tell I this time ? jacoby about all I can say be I be somewhere in the western hemisphere between Northern Canada and South America . ( laugh again ) do that help narrow it down ? maureen ( v.o. ) that 's not funny . you be not funny . jacoby I be hilarious . that 's why you marry I , ' cuz I make you laugh . maureen ( v.o. ) you use to . now you just make I worry . I hate not know where you be , or whether or not you be safe . the camera have pulled out to reveal : weapon , a arsenal 's worth , stack up on a night -stand ; assault - rifle , handgun , knife , all combat ready and within easy reach . jacoby ( glance at armament ) oh , I would not worry about that baby . jacoby look over the copy of " EL tiempo " : photo of slain cop : victim of Don Pablo . a reminder of just how temporary life be ... suddenly firework begin explode somewhere close . maureen what be that ? Steve ! what be that ! jacoby get up , move to the window . jacoby easy . it 's nothing , it 's firework . a bunch of asshole , celebrate . boom reverberate across the city as hundred of skyrocket soar into the sky above bogota . escobar flunky and follower rejoice the revocation of the treaty . cries of " Viva Pablo ! " rise up from the street . maureen ( v.o. ) why ? jacoby why ? because a very bad guy , just get a very big break ... ... transition to : int . panel van - ( present ) _ the convoy close on Pablo . jacoby pump he Operators up . super : " medellin , colombia . December 2 , 1993 . 12:08 pm . " jacoby ... and that be he last one . no more break . we deal in deathblow gent . we end he and this today . a title fade up on - screen , lower - third : " endgame part III " int . mercede van - continuous ( present ) _ Hugo Jr. , monitoring the gray box as Pablo 's location coordinate lock . hugo JR . I got he ! tango confirm ! three block up on the right ! int . apartment - rural medellin - day ( present ) Pablo , on the phone , unaware he pursuer be draw near . super : " December 2 , 1993 . 12:02 pm . " pablo ... no , they government do not represent my great fear . that fear be the fear of lose my family . juan pablo ( another pause , then ) okay . next one : " the Supreme Court of colombia revoke its extradition agreement with the U.S. once . be you hopeful this can happen again ? " Pablo glance up at a wall clock . pablo Son , I be go to call you back through the hotel 's switchboard . we have be on too long -- -- and Pablo disconnect , rip off the battery back and crush the phone under foot before fishing another one out of a box , brim with cellphone . int . beechcraft - same ( present ) the signal lock vanish . Robertson still smile . robertson too late asswipe ... we get you . int . mercede van - continuous ( present ) _ Hugo , eyeing the display , suddenly realize -- hugo JR . -- stop ! stop ! stop ! he's here ! the van squeal to a halt in front of a office complex . int . helicopter - continuous ( present ) the Colonel , key he short - wave , urgent , yell . colonel martinez Son ! seal off the entire block , post man on the far side --! ext . office complex - medellin - day ( present ) -- Hugo Jr. , out of the van , he father blaring in he ear . hugo JR . dad -- Colonel ! I get it . we be move ! the other vehicle in the convoy arrive ; delta & search -bloc troops deploy , hit the front door , weapon up , go room to room . Hugo Jr. direct jacoby through the hall . they come to a close door , jacoby take it down with a boot . ... but it 's empty . a beat before we hear laughter ... Pablo 's laughter , filter slowly up over the scene , everyone stand , stunne , as we ... ... transition to : ext . napole mansion - day ( past ) the camera drift over the sprawling , perfectly groom grounds , past gardener and landscaper labor away . super : " medellin , colombia , 1988 " the laughter continue over this scene as we find : ext . swimming pool - napole mansion - day ( past ) in the shallow end , blow on he infant daughter 's face , be Pablo , laugh himself hoarse as he dunk manuela , teach she to swim . pablo that 's it ! you be daddy 's fish ! you be daddy 's beautiful baby fish ! the baby sputter , giggle . a staff member rush out poolside with a portable phone . Pablo take it . pablo yes ... yes , hello silvio ! hey ! hey ! of course I will comment . I think this be a great victory . Columbia must be allow to police its own people . Pablo continue speak as the camera drift away , over the top of a table , settling on a copy of semana magazine . pablo ( o.s. ) what do a extradition treaty stand for if not a failure within this country to enforce its own law ? on the cover of semana , in two inch typeset : " triumph of the people - supreme court rule unanimous - extradition no more ! treaty with U.S. repealed . " pablo the gringos should be ashamed . the U.S. , that goddamn Bush , they do not belong in colombia . this be we home . int . american embassy - bogota - day ( past ) busby and high - level embassy official meet with income colombian President gaviria and key member of he staff . busby gentlemen , there be one topic on the table . extradition . a aide shut the large double door . as they close on this proceedings , the camera pull back down a hall , find eduardo mendoza , who enter a small embassy office . int . embassy office - continuous - day ( past ) assemble there be prospective recruit for gaviria 's personal security . mendoza look the man over , refer to a clipboard , flipping through they personnel record . mendoza we be put together a close protection detail for senor Cesar gaviria and he family . you have be choose for consideration because of you exemplary service record . mendoza tuck the clipboard away , scrutinize the group . mendoza how do you man feel about the drug trade ... and narco like Pablo escobar ? one young recruit need no further prompt . recruit I think he 's scum ... I think escobar represent the worst of what colombia be ... and be we great humiliation . mendoza nod , pleased . the stiff - back recruit beam . ext . private airstrip - bogota - day ( past ) jacoby stand by as he delta operator disembark a small learjet . they tote shoulder bag , have scrub beard and wear they hair long . embassy official , with they press suit , stand in stark contrast to the man they be lining up to greet . jacoby Jesus , will you look at this sorry ass assembly . bunch of bench player . smile and middle finger fly , everybody exchange arm hug and hard slap . they start toward a nearby hangar . Mike Murphy , tan and fresh from the state , slip on shade . murphy so why send down the dog with nothing to hunt maj ? jacoby ' cuz the goc 's current cease fire with Pablo be day away from fall apart . gaviria 's go to be elect and this fight 's gonna go hot again . another operator pipe up ; lance hasting , 20' . hasting and how involved do we get ? jacoby right now , we train up they people and provide surveillance support . Beyond that , it 's " watch and wait . " int . hangar - moment later ( past ) jacoby usher he man inside the hangar . Kyle Robertson and member of he centra-spike unit be assemble around the beechcraft . the mood be amiable but tense . the size up and assess of oppose unit begin almost immediately . robertson ( smile , to jacoby ) stosh . you get the gang all here ? jacoby just the good one . Captain Robertson - ( gesture to he man ) - meet the lady of phi Delta epsilon . icebreaker . the whole hangar laugh . jacoby everybody grab some coffee and a seat and we will get start . int . apartment - bogota - day ( past ) Colonel martinez stand at a full length mirror . his wife , adrianna , 40' , beautiful , fair-skinn , help he with he tie . she finish , take a step back to admire she husband . adrianna such a handsome man ... he turn back to she , wrapping he arm around she waist . she reach up , touch one of the bandage on he face . adrianna ... and so sad . colonel martinez ( as if amend ) no , no , happy ... for we son . adrianna kiss he nose . adrianna I do not believe you . he kiss she back . colonel martinez you never do . from the doorway , a voice . hugo JR . ... dad . the Colonel turn and see Hugo Jr. stand there , deck out in academy dress blue . he walk over , stand in front and assess he son 's appearance . Hugo straighten up . hugo JR . ... Colonel . colonel martinez cadet . another beat before the Colonel break into a wide grin , embrace he son . adrianna begin to cry . colonel martinez ( quietly , to Hugo Jr. ) ... very proud of you boy . then , sudden scream erupt close . a child 's . the Colonel move like a shot , sidearm pull from the holster sling across the door , gun grip tight as he rush out , he wife and son run right behind he , terror take hold . adrianna oh my God , Hugo ! Hugo ! colonel martinez no ! dammit ! hugo ! take you mother out the back ! get her out !-- -- as he burst into the front room , revealing , a boy , stand there , see he father , see the gun , he eye inflate -- boy -- no , no dad , dad , it 's dessie , she fall , she fall outside -- the boy , Hugo 's son gustavo stand in front of he little sister esmerelda , ( dessie ) sobbing , she knee badly skinned . the Colonel waistband he weapon , hoist he daughter up , walk she to the sink , breathe hard , adrenaline drain . martinez ( over dessie 's sob ) no , no , no , it 's okay , it 's okay , sweetie , let 's get you clean up . he hit the faucet , run it cold , ease the little girl 's leg under , she wrap she arm around she father 's neck , bury she head , keep cry . the Colonel glance back at he wife , jaw still clench . adrianna look troubled by he outburst . his gaze shift to he namesake , Hugo Jr. , it 's there in he eye . a unspoken message for he son . Mark this moment : panic and fear be fixture now ... a permanent part of we world . ext . swimming pool - napole mansion - day ( past ) two of Pablo 's most trust , most vicious sicarios sidle up poolside ; hernan henao , 27 , a twitchy , saw - off , bodybuilder type and gustavo mesa , 32 , tall , slow - eye , all menace . henao El Doctor ! Victory ! Viva escobar ! Pablo climb out of the pool with he daughter . Mesa toss he a towel . henao hand he a light joint . roberto escobar , 30' , Pablo 's piggish brother , rise from a deck chair . pablo have you meet my brother Roberto ? Roberto shake hand with the hernao and Mesa . mesa I think you be in prison ? roberto I be . pablo we find a sympathetic judge . ( beat , bigger grin ) imagine we luck . the man belly laugh a strange , cruel kind of laughter . then ; henao the gringos have lose they chance then , eh Doctor ? no more extradition ! manuela have become fascinate with the light joint in she father 's mouth . she reach for it , Pablo , try to keep it out of reach . he hand it back to henao . pablo for now , yes , but there be that that want the treaty reinstate . ( beat , exhales ) like Cesar gaviria . ( beat , all business ) you have put someone inside ? mesa we be get close . pablo Close enough to put a bullet in he head ? ( off they look ) then you be nowhere near close . henao Don Pablo , this man -- pablo -- be just that hernan . flesh and bone , something that bleed ... int . american embassy - day ( past ) mendoza introduce gaviria to the new member of he close protection detail ... the man now guard he life . pablo ( v.o. ) ... something we can kill . toft and Santos stand by , lend they assistance . gaviria move down the row of that select , shaking hand , express he appreciation . he arrive at the young recruit who speak so fervently against escobar . suddenly , flashbulb burst as a colombian embassy employee , begin snap photo . gaviria turn , annoyed . toft yank the camera away , pull the man aside . toft what be you do !? they be not to be photograph ! this man do not exist inside or outside this embassy . ( grab the man 's i.d. necklace ) Perez , Diego ... who do you work for ? diego PEREZ ambassador 's busby 's office . toft rip the back off the camera , remove the film . toft do he ask you to do this ? diego PEREZ no , I think it would be helpful . toft by make sure the face of the man protect the next president of this country be put on film ? and when the picture show up on the front page of semana and each of they be mark for death , how fuck helpful be you go to be then ? diego PEREZ hey , hold on , I be not go to stand here and be talk to like a fool -- toft -- then stop act like one . this be not some dogdick embassy posting in guam . this be colombia . think . Perez , piss at be upbraid , storm off . toft motion Santos over , whisper something , watch Perez walk away . int . hangar - day ( past ) jacoby begin the briefing . Robertson stand behind he . jacoby centra-spike be the U.S. Army 's new pride and joy and arguably the best mobile surveillance and tracking unit in the world . robertson there 's no argument . we be the best . jacoby and some modest motherfucker too . now , we all know this thing tend to get tribal . unit not share information , sandbagge each other . that 's not gonna happen here . forget whatever pissing match might have take place , we unit be gonna go forward in this fight with a undy devotion to the other . understand ? ( turn to Robertson ) rip ? Robertson step forward . robertson well , when the time come , what we be basically gonna do for Delta , without get too technical , be guide you guy right up escobar 's ass and show you where to plant you boot . more laughter . everyone become fast friend . robertson we can pinpoint he within five foot , from six mile up , anywhere he go . hasting how ? Robertson give one of he man a nod , who then key a laptop . a brief beat ensue before a series of beep sound throughout the hangar ... the din of cellphone be power up . the Delta guy exchange glance , confuse , pull out they bulky secure black cellphone , each one have be turn " on " . robertson by be able to activate any cellphone by remote , include yours . murphy ( hold up he phone ) you do not get mine . robertson we can also make the phone appear to be power down . ( to Murphy ) you will not see it , but yours be still emit a low level frequency that can be track and lock . the Delta Operators be impressed but refuse to let on . robertson any time Pablo pick up he phone . any time he have it on he or near he ... we will have he ass cold . ext . napole mansion - night - ( past ) Pablo , cellphone in hand , come stalking down a stone path in he robe with popeye at he heel . in a bedroom behind they , we see teenage girl , dishevel , half - dress , be escort out by Pablo 's man . int . napole mansion - den - continuous - ( past ) the door to Pablo 's private de be open , revealing henao and Mesa . sitting with they , the young recruit from gaviria 's protection team rub cocaine residue from under he nose . see escobar stand there , the man immediately leap to he foot and with great reverence , prostrate himself before Don Pablo as if he be greeting the pope. ext . EL dorado airport - bogota - day - ( past ) Cesar gaviria along with he staff and personal security arrive at El dorado airport on they way to a campaign stop . among that accompany gaviria , the young recruit . the camera track along with they as we find : popeye , glimpse in the departure area , sit with a nervous young thug . he present the man with a board pass . popeye we get you book on the seat across the aisle from he . the thug nod repeatedly , sweat through he shirt . popeye heft a black briefcase up . popeye when the plane take off , you flip this switch here , right here . popeye show the thug a small toggle switch on the underside . popeye keep it aim like this . ( lay it across lap ) with this side towards he . ( point with finger ) lookit , that 's the microphone there . you need to record everything gaviria say . everything . do not fuck up . thug no , no , man . I get it , I get it . what do gaviria look like ? popeye he 's sit right across from you . now go , you will get the rest of you money when you land . the thug nod , take the briefcase , head off . int . jetway - continuous - ( past ) gaviria and mendoza be intercept by Colonel martinez and a detachment of search - bloc troops . colonel martinez no more commercial flight . too dangerous . we have charter a private jet to get you to you campaign stop . the recruit look throw , eye darting , what - to -do . he glance back down the jet-way , do not see popeye or the thug. gaviria ( to mendoza ) eduardo , why be not I tell of this ? mendoza I do not know about this until now . I ask the Colonel to review we itinerary for the next week . colonel martinez and I have make this determination senor gaviria ... it 's not safe . ( beat , gesture ) now if you could follow we . gaviria follow the Colonel through the jet-way service door , allow they to descend directly to the tarmac . the door close behind they as the thug appear in the b.g. come up the jet-way ... unaware that gaviria 's group have just exite . int . avianca 727 jumbo jet - continuous - day - ( past ) the thug stow he bag , find he seat . he look across the aisle : a elderly man be seat there , in conversation with the man next to he . the thug set the briefcase across he lap , move he thumb near the toggle switch ... and wait . ext / int . airport phone booth - day ( past ) popeye stand inside the booth , dial . in the b.g. we see the avianca flight taxi for take - off . what popeye do not see be the smaller commuter jet take off just ahead of it . popeye ... sussio be on board . ext . hermilida escobar's home - day ( past ) Pablo , in the midst of a birthday party for he mother . pablo good . get back here . we be go to be sing to my mother soon . Pablo click off and return to the festivity , find he mother and dance with she much to everyone 's delight . pablo ( quietly , to he mother ) happy birthday mama . hermilida escobar you be my heart 's great gift ... she kiss she boy warmly . ext . airport phone booth - day ( past ) popeye walk away as the avianca flight rise into the cloudless bogota sky behind he ... CUT to black a thunderous explosion shudder across the void . a chorus of startle shout and scream ring out . the distant din and wail of emergency vehicle quickly fill the air . CUT up on : a television screen archival footage from CNN : show the horrible image from the avianca crash . Fire truck douse a bomb-slash section of fuselage . body , cover with sheet , be carte to await ambulance . personal belonging , book , clothing , toy ... burnt and strewn across a blacken field . newscaster ( v.o. ) ... from a bomb , smuggle on board by one of the passenger . official believe that colombian presidential hopeful ceasar gaviria be the intend target of this terrorist act . CNN will continue to update you on this tragedy as detail emerge . the image suddenly click off and we pan around to reveal : int . n.s.a . situation room - WASHINGTON D.C. - day ( past ) National Security advisor Anthony Lake preside over a emergency intelligence meeting with most of the government 's top agency in attendance : CIA , FBI , atf , treasury . etc. each of they be still stare at the blank television screen , shocked and dismay . a aide cross frame , whisper to Lake before punch up a speaker - phone . behind Lake , a gallery of photograph of escobar and member of the medellin drug cartel have be erect on stand . the aide , still over the speaker - phone , nod up at Lake . lake Morris ? we hear busby 's voice reverberate back through the phone . busby ( o.s. ) I be here tony . lake ( address room ) ambassador busby be on with we now . ( beat , toward speaker ) we have get agency and bureau rep sit at this table , most of whom I be sure you know , so I will not bother go around the room right now . ( beat , sit ) Morris , how confident be we at this moment that escobar be behind this ? intercut int . american embassy - bogota - day ( past ) busby pace a secure room off the fifth floor vault . busby we be absolutely certain he be behind it . Colonel martinez and he search - bloc unit have make some inquiry ... flash CUT to : the security recruit from gaviria 's protection team , head hang , hog-ty , in he underwear , be drag across a dirt floor by search - bloc officer . busby ( v.o. ) ... and discover a breach in gaviria 's internal security . he have a mole on he close protection team . the recruit look up and see Colonel martinez glower down at he . busby ( v.o. ) this man provide detail . flash CUT to : the recruit be brutally interrogate by the Colonel . busby ( v.o. ) he be tell they just want to tape record gaviria and profess no knowledge of a assassination plot . CUT back to : Lake , unable to conceal or contain he disgust . lake escobar have move into the realm of outright terrorist attack as far as the President be concerned . he 's go on record , as prefer , quote : ( read from brief ) " direct military action " in response to this incident . ( set aside brief ) the vagary of that be still be irone out , but if I have to guess I would say Delta be about to get a big green light . int . carlo holguin school - day ( past ) the recruit , beat , bleed . he 's haul up and drag outside . the Colonel exit the interrogation room a moment later . the search - bloc officer be assemble before he . colonel martinez ( gesture after recruit ) he 's get off easy . if any of you man consciously betray I or you fellow officer , I will personally shoot you in the head . the Colonel look each and every man in the eye . as the camera track around he , we reveal Major jacoby and Captain Robertson stand directly behind the Colonel . jacoby seem unfaze by martinez 's use of force . Robertson however , appear troubled . colonel martinez we be about to mount the large criminal manhunt in colombian history to capture the fugitive Pablo escobar . several of we may lose we life in this undertake , so I will not begrudge a single resignation of duty ... but I will punish the dereliction of one ... if you choose to leave then God be with you ... if you stay , you stay to fight . ( pause , with weight ) and God be with we all . montage note : this montage will be a mixture of exist archival footage as well as script material . raid and assault commence , blitzkrieg - style . Pablo 's hideout and fincas be strike by assault force , but it 's always too little , too late ... we see Pablo escape second before search - bloc hit . cutaway Television Reporters and newspaper editor decry the avianca bombing as a unforgivable act of cowardice , declare Pablo escobar public enemy # 1 . he have go from revolutionary figure to renegade pariah in the eye of many colombian . montage ( resume ) more suspect hideout be hit . but Pablo remain persona non grata . incriminate document have be burn or be burn . the Colonel find computer , ream of file and file cabinet , pile up and light like a bonfire . cutaway retaliatory kidnapping and killing come in response to the raid ; Pablo 's bloody counter - punch for the Colonel . more cop be kill . more of bogota 's ruling class abduct . montage ( resume ) in the beechcraft : Robertson and centra-spike , frustrated by search - bloc 's inability to close the gap on escobar . on the Ground : jacoby and Murphy watch in horror as one search - bloc commander lead he force up a mountain -side , with truck and armored transport try to " sneak up " on a hideout . murphy this be like hunt deer with a bulldozer . troops walk up the hill instead of low -crawling as the Delta Operators do . jacoby gesture for they to get down . the Commander look at the mud at he foot and refuse . cutaway Cesar gaviria be swear in as the new President of colombia . accompany he on stage be outgo President barco and past president julio turbay . cutaway more cop be kill . car bomb be detonate in front of precinct house . sicarios send rocket - propel grenade into crowded public venue contain cnp officer . montage ( resume ) Doors be blow down on dirt floor hut serve as safe house for Pablo ... the marble bathroom house a big screen television and a full satellite phone system install . paper poke out of a gold - plate toilet . one search - bloc officer lift the lid , see human waste inside , recoil from the stench , flush . hastings , the Delta Operator , knock the officer aside , pull the potentially incriminate papers out before they disappear down the bowl . he hustle over to the sink and begin wash the document off . Pablo 's handwrite and trademark thumbprint appear . hastings catch the officer 's look of disgust in the mirror . hasting yeah . we get we uniform dirty too . the officer walk out . robertson ( v.o. ) they can not close the last hundred yard ... end montage ext . barracks - carlo holguin school - day Robertson and jacoby , back from yet another fail raid . both be filthy , sweat - through , suck on bottled water . in the staging area behind they , we see search - bloc officer arrive back at base , climb down off the transport . super : " outside medellin , colombia . 1990 " robertson ... and they soldier be for shit . we have put they a quarter mile from Pablo 's position a half dozen time and that 's when they start trip over they dick . what happen to we " green light " ? jacoby c'mon , that could take month . we be on a stopwatch , D.C. 's on a sun-dial , which put we in the saddle with search - bloc , for better or worse . robertson then let 's hope we have see the worst ' cuz " fuck piss poor " pretty much define they performance to date . jacoby glance over as Colonel martinez arrive , fatigue , frustrated . he stalk off with two lieutenant in tow . they be drag a blindfolded suspect inside . jacoby I do dig the old man ... he 's get a heavy - hand but I like what he 's do . robertson stosh , he 's torture suspect . jacoby they be lose cop at the rate of six a day . if six D.C. cop die in a single day , it would be call a massacre and make news for month . it 's happen down here daily . robertson I hear martinez have two of Pablo 's sicarios throw out of the helicopter on the way back here yesterday . jacoby dump the remainder of the water bottle over he head . jacoby do anybody see they get throw out ? brobertson no ... jacoby ... good. int . hideout - night ( past ) Pablo , hole up , laid low , room illuminate by candle . with he be limon and popeye . Pablo speak , limon write . pablo ... we will unleash a level of violence against you that this country have never see ... limon finish , hand the paper to Pablo , who place he thumb on a ink pad , apply it to the bottom of the page . pablo ... we have informant , inside . that 's how they be find we . find they . contact the galleanos and the moncadas . let they know that I will take this fight to they if I feel they support stray . Pablo stew , shake a joint from he pocket , reflect . pablo colombia 's biggest crook live in bogota ... murderer masquerade as good government ... Pablo take up a flashlight ; several photograph of he new nemesis , Colonel Hugo martinez sit on the floor . pablo ... send they assassin . ( as he study photo ) find out everything about he . his family , where he life , eat , drink , fuck . everything . colonel martinez ( v.o. ) adrianna , nobody know where we be . int . apartment - bogota - day ( past ) the Colonel and he wife unpack they belonging . adrianna this be the third time we have move . colonel martinez ... it 's for we own safety . adrianna no , it 's for the safety of the people live in we old building ... why have not they rotate the command ? colonel martinez none of the other officer will accept it . they would rather resign they commission than lead search - bloc . adrianna cross over to he , she eye implore , plead . adrianna and what do that tell you ? please . go to General vargas . we can not continue to live this way ! colonel martinez I want to protect we son . adrianna how do stay in charge of search - bloc protect we son ? he 's be assign to the calda region ! he 's nowhere near -- the Colonel erupt with a fury that seem too familiar now . colonel martinez --goddamit ! he 's training in radio-telemetry adrianna ! in surveillance ! do you understand !? it 's a matter of time before he 's bring into this ! adrianna barely have time to register she shock at the Colonel 's outburst when a knock be hear . they react to it as you would a gunshot ... neither one of they move a muscle . adrianna ( whisper , scared ) you say no one know where we be ... another knock . the Colonel put a finger to he lip , edging he other hand over to retrieve a saw - off shotgun . a beat , another knock , follow by a voice . voice ( o.s. ) Hugo ?.. Hugo , it 's alberto tapia . the Colonel slowly unlock the deadbolt , use he foot to ease the door open . a face appear on the other side ; it 's General tapia . his expression gray , anguish , pain . general tapia I be so sorry to trouble you here . the Colonel take a step back , allow he to enter . colonel martinez you should not know I be here at all . general tapia yes , I ...i be ... ( awkward beat ) I come here old friend ... obligate . tapia carry a duffel bag , which he set down and start to unzip . the Colonel 's finger flex instinctively on the shotgun general tapia if I do not agree to come and talk to you , they say they would butcher my two young son . Said this to I . tapia step away from the bag ... stack of bill begin tumble from it , bundle by the thousand . adrianna audibly gasp . the Colonel take a step closer , staggered by what he see . general tapia Pablo do not care that search - bloc be hunt he . he just do not want you lead they . the Colonel regards he wife , awe -struck . here it be : a way out . million of dollar and the mean to live comfortably , without fear , for the rest of they life -- general tapia he also want to know who inside he organization be feed the cnp it 's information , a list of name that you could provide for hi -- -- but something internal snap and the Colonel rear back , slapping tapia , he superior officer , viciously . adrianna be startle by it . tapia seize he face , guilt consume whatever anger have arisen at this slight . he then begin to sob miserably , overcome ... the Colonel offer he no comfort . colonel martinez pick up the bag and leave here . tell Pablo you do not find I ... and forget this ever happen . general tapia Hugo , please , the money be yours t-- the Colonel grab tapia roughly and physically escort the General to the door , shove the duffel bag into he chest . colonel martinez you have be my friend for year . I refuse to remember you this way . general tapia ( reeling , scared ) why ? you be no soldier Hugo ! why would you fight this way , it make no sense ! we have all accept bribe -- colonel martinez -- no , we have not . ( tear of anger form ) ... the soul be priceless alberto ... to sell off something so magnificent , squander a gift as great ... will pit all of God against you . ( pause , recover ) pray forgiveness . hold you son close . remind they how much you love they ... and never come here again . tapia , humiliate , head hang as the Colonel slam the door . we remain on the Colonel as he lean against the door . adrianna approach , then without warning , the Colonel swing the shotgun like a baseball bat , shatter the stock against the wall , tear come too fast to contain . he roar , enraged . justice minister pardo ( v.o . ) " we be declare total and absolute war on the government ... " int . congressional auditorium - bogota - day ( past ) newly appoint justice Minister RAPHAEL pardo , 40' , stand at a lectern , read a recent missive from " the extradictable " the document appear via overhead projector on a screen behind he . the camera pull back ... pardo 's new vice -minister eduardo mendoza stand next to he . justice minister pardo " ... on the individual and political oligarchy who have persecute we ... " flash CUT to : a car , pilote by a sicario be steer toward a bogota government building bustling with people . two -hundre pound of wire tnt sit in the backseat . the sicario bail , roll , run . the car impact the building ... it go up like gomorrah . justice minister pardo ( v.o. ) " ... on the journalist who have attack we ... " flash CUT to : diana turbay , the reporter be kidnap at gunpoint along with she cameraman and throw into a van by Pablo 's sicarios . Francisco Santos , editor of El tiempo magazine , bound , plastic bag over he head , be drag into a warehouse . justice minister pardo ( v.o. ) " ... on the judge and magistrate who have sell themselves ... " flash CUT to : Enrique low , former justice Minister , he body dumped in a busy intersection from the back of a flatbe truck . int . congressional auditorium - bogota - day ( past ) the camera have finally pulled out to reveal : a pack auditorium . a massive press conference be hold . the security presence be colossal in both size and scale . justice minister pardo " we be capable of execute you anywhere on the planet . by continue you pursuit and persecution of we , we will unleash a level of violence against you that this country have never see ... " for the hundred assemble , you could hear a pin drop . then , everything be shattered at once by a barrage of flashbulb and camera shutter fire at once . salvos of shout follow . pardo quell the commotion , read from a prepare statement . justice minister pardo President gaviria be call for the dissolution of this group " the extradictable " and demand a cessation of hostility against the citizen of colombia ... now I , along with vice -minister eduardo mendoza will answer - ( glance at watch ) - whatever question we can in the time remain . voice erupt into a ceaseless clamor , a deafen overlap that discern only when pardo point out individual reporter . reporter be Pablo escobar behind this letter and the recent terrorist attack ? justice minister pardo we believe he to be the intellectual author of both . reporter # 4 why have not he be capture ? mendoza special unit of the cnp be pursue he and he associate night and day . reporter # 2 do Colonel Hugo martinez remain in charge of this unit ? mendoza we be not at liberty to say . reporter the Colonel have be accuse of abuse suspect take into custody . do the goc condone torture as a method of interrogation ? justice minister pardo that will not be dignify with a response . reporter what of report that search - bloc have repeatedly botch its attempt to apprehend escobar ... transition to : int . office complex - medellin - day ( present ) jacoby , Hugo Jr. and stunne member of search - bloc and Delta , as we leave they earlier : stand in a empty room . no Pablo . reporter ( v.o. ) .. and that the officer that make up its rank be inept and incompetent .. Hugo Jr. , perplex , piss . hugo jr. ( into headset ) Alpha ! last-locked position ! we be stand on it ! he 's not here . a title fade up on - screen , lower - third : " endgame part iv " int . beechcraft - continuous ( present ) Robertson check he display reading . super : " medellin , colombia . December 2 , 1993 . 12:20 pm . " robertson bravo - Charlie , unless you be read coordinate wrong , that 's he location - Robertson slam the control console with a close fist . int . office complex - continuous ( present ) jacoby quickly deploy Delta around the rest of the complex . jacoby ( headset , to he team ) on engagement , no advance to contact . cnp - search bloc have dib on tango . stand down , wait on " fire order " Delta operator sweep the building ... Pablo 's go . ext . office complex - day - minute later ( present ) Hugo Jr. sit on the van 's bumper , deject . jacoby approach jacoby let it go . it happen . hugo JR . too much and too many time . jacoby right now you be we best shot at bullseye - ing he . he 's back on the air in a second , so shake it off . hugo JR . I know , it 's just -- jacoby -- frustrate as hell . I get that , but it 's not forever . he do not have the leg anymore man . you can hear it in he voice . he 's tired . Hugo Jr 's . headset crackle , he hear he father 's voice ... int . helicopter - continuous ( present ) the Colonel 's chopper rotor over the jungle toward medellin . colonel martinez stay with this . he 's never be more vulnerable than at this very moment . int . beechcraft - continuous ( past ) Robertson and the other tech sit pin & needle , please - please - please ... slowly , digital signal cycle and coalesce , frequency gradually refine and Pablo return to the air . pablo ( v.o. ) pablito ? hello ? can you hear I ? juan pablo ( v.o. ) I can hear you poppa . robertson he 's up ! he 's up ! ( key headset ) tango be back on - AIR ! int . apartment - rural medellin - day ( present ) Pablo eyeball the street below , nervous , pace . pablo alright , let 's hurry this up son , you have more question for I ... juan pablo ( v.o. ) yes , yes ... alright , the next one : " why do you think several country have refuse to receive you family and they request for asylum " int . panel van - continuous ( present ) _ jacoby , climb into the van , slip on he headset . pablo ( v.o. ) because they have be feed lie and do not know the truth . that the gringos have put a price on my head . that they use a death squad call " Delta Force " to do they kill ... int . helicopter - continuous ( present ) the Colonel listen to Pablo 's break - record rhetoric ; railing against persecutor both real and imagine ... we push in . pablo ( v.o. ) ... that the government of colombia , use criminal like Colonel martinez , have commit massacre against innocent citizen ... that human rights violation and other atrocity be hide or ignore . that I be deny the mean of a peaceful surrender ... int . mercede van - continuous ( present ) _ Hugo Jr. , every bit of attention focus on the gray box . pablo ( v.o. ) ... that instead ... I be be hunt ... Hugo Jr. tune Pablo out , the sound slowly drain away as he concentrate on the undulate green arc , watch as it grow , sharpen , the flash white line intersect it . robertson ( v.o. ) it 's attempt to lock target ... transition to : int . warehouse - carlo holguin school - day ( past ) Hugo Jr. , young , clean shaven , fresh from the academy . he 's be show centra-spike surveillance gear and training on the fame " gray box " with Robertson for the first time . super : " outside medellin , colombia . 1991 " robertson ... it will take some time to master . isolate coordinate , get good location lock can be tricky . the ground unit serve as point of triangulation , so you will be look at the same display as we . Hugo Jr. , nod , ever the eager pupil . hugo JR . we run sit-drills on this gear , but we never take it out into the field . robertson who be training you up over there ? hugo JR . contractor from the state . I only know they by they first name -- jacoby -- be this the heir apparent ? Robertson and Hugo Jr. turn to see jacoby approach . jacoby Major Steve jacoby , I be a big fan of you father . the two man shake hand . hugo JR Lieutenant Hugo martinez Jr. jacoby you just transfer in ? hugo JR . yes sir . grateful to be here . jacoby well , we be grateful to have you . ( nod to Robertson ) be the Captain here hold court ? robertson yeah , I be just explain how much more important we be in this process and that Delta Force be basically a " fetch and retrieve " outfit . stuff you could teach a dog to do . jacoby ( to Hugo Jr. ) imagine spend most of you prime fight year shove up the ass of a single - engine prop about the size of a coffin , smell you own fart and listen for dial tone all day -- robertson -- stosh , that whole mullet - movement , among you man , the hockey -hair , that 's really a nice bit of " blend in " . y'think anyone will notice or will you " giant gringo " camouflage continue to confound the local -- -- they sparring session be interrupt by the appearance of the Colonel . Robertson and jacoby excuse themselves , leave the Colonel alone with he namesake . colonel martinez I think you be stick with the patrol posting in calda ? hugo JR . medellin be where it 's happen . colonel martinez medellin be where three - hundred and eighty officer have lose they life . I be revoking you transfer , you be go back . hugo JR . so I can set up speed trap and write traffic ticket ? I get ask every day , why I be not she -- -- the Colonel grab he son roughly , haul he outside . ext . warehouse - carlo holguin school - day ( past ) morgue attendant move out of the way as the Colonel drag Hugo Jr. past row of tarp - cover body . he yank one back , revealing a young officer , shot dead , post - mortem bloat . colonel martinez that's why you 're not here boy ! look at he ! he be nineteen goddamit ! Hugo pull himself free , troubled by he father 's outburst . colonel martinez ... we be at war here . escobar have make that declaration . you be a liability in that , like it or not . Hugo Jr. hold he ground . hugo JR . no more than dessie or ' tavo or mom . that you and I wear the same uniform mean nothing . that I happen to be you son do . it mean I be mark . ( beat ) you make a choice ... let I make mine . the burden of be a father , loving you son . the Colonel 's embattle expression bear every bit of that struggle . smash CUT to : ext . colombian jungle - night ( past ) helicopter gunship sweep over the treetop . ext . mountaintop finca - barn - dusk Pablo , in hide , meeting with the mocanda brother , gerardo , kiko and william : brutal . bloodless . Long stand ally . also present be rodrigo ospera , 30' , a angular , rail - thin drug runner and fernando gallenano , 30' , a prominent , short - tempere son of the medellin cartel . arrange behind they in the barn / processing facility be package cocaine ; several ton worth , sit on pallet , await shipment . pablo the problem be , what ? explain . gerardo moncada War tax . it 's go from two -hundre thousand , to over a million a week . william moncada Business can not be maintain with you in hide Doctor . rupolpho ospera we be lose huge shipment and route to the cali cartel ... and they be start to make inroad into -- -- Pablo raise a finger and ospera stop speak . pablo ( to moncadas & galleano ) let 's deal with one thing at a time . if I understand right , the moncada and galleano family have a issue with the war tax . but what do not seem to concern they be that one man be draw all the fire for all of we right now . it be of some concern to I however . because I be that man fernando galleano ... some think we suffer too much for this war Doctor ... pablo who be " some " Fernando ? if " some " think it , what be they name ? so I can speak to they . Pablo draw close to Fernando , show he a photograph of he family , edge burn crisp , emulsion blister by the heat . pablo that be pull from a bonfire search - bloc light on the front lawn at napole ... and that 's as much as I have see of my family in month . the day I have lose with they , that time , can never be recover . have you home be raid and burn to the ground ? how many million of dollar have you lose as a result ? ( nod to photo ) how much of you history have they destroy ?... we do suffer too much Fernando . some of we . ( beat , hard ) the war tax stay , as be . galleano be cow . the moncadas say nothing . Pablo 's cellphone ring . he go to answer , glance up into the night sky and catch the moonlit glint off a aircraft , high above , running with no light . suddenly Gustavo Mesa appear , racing toward they . he grab Pablo , knock the phone to the ground . mesa search - bloc ! Pablo , along with galleano , the moncadas and ospera , quickly hop into a jeep and head off into the jungle , just as two cnp gunship swoop in , encircle the property . Colonel martinez touch down with Delta . jacoby and he man fan out . popeye have vanish , but tyson be there , 9 mm blaze , engage the advance troops . a brief , dazzle gunfight ensue , culminate with a coup de grace headshot , deliver by jacoby , who quickly direct a search - bloc officer to shoot tyson again . keeping Delta 's involvement " dark . " jacoby bend down to retrieve he brass , tucking the spend shell in he chest pocket , leave no trace . within minute , Pablo 's hideout have be searched and clear and its occupant apprehend ... with the notable exception of El Doctor himself . the Colonel approach jacoby , furious . jacoby ... he get tip off again . ext . jungle - jeep - continuous ( past ) bounce along the uneven jungle , Pablo sit , rethink the second before search - bloc hit , glance back up at the sky . popeye this fuck putas keep find we ! ( beat , grab cell ) I will call limon , tell he to get the house in Los olivo ready . as popeye dial , Pablo take the phone from he . ext . mountaintop finca - barn - dusk ( past ) the Colonel and jacoby stand before the pallet of cocaine , inside the barn / plant . the remainder of Pablo 's man have be lay out face down on the ground and flex - cuffed . a transport jeep clamber up the hillside carry Hugo Jr. and search - bloc 's radio- telemetry unit . Father and son see one another and nod a acknowledgment . somewhere a cellphone start ringing . the gray box begin to buzz . everyone ramp back up . jacoby sprint over to the source , pluck Pablo 's fall cellphone up off the ground . int . beechcraft - continuous ( past ) Robertson and the other tech be monitoring the signal . robertson stosh , that 's he phone ringing . ( read display ) signal emanation be move away from you position -- they be in the jungle ! ext . mountaintop finca - dusk ( past ) jacoby punch the " send " button and lift the phone to he ear . he listen , expression go slack as he turn back to the Colonel . a beat . he hold the phone out , grave . the Colonel cross over , take the phone from he . intercut ext . jungle - jeep - continuous ( past ) Pablo speak to he nemesis for the first and last time . pablo I know how you be tracking I Colonel . I know you be use the signal from this phone ... and I want to tell you , that no matter what happen from here on out ... I be go to kill you . the Colonel , he shocked gaze move over the dead tyson . pablo I be gonna shoot you wife adrianna and each one of you child . the Colonel look over at Hugo Jr. pablo ( o.s. ) ... then I be gonna take a trip to you hometown and shoot you parent , dig up you grandparent and shoot they too . you will be without a past or a future ... and you will never be safe , for what remain of you life . and with that , Pablo disconnect , toss the phone into the pass jungle . the Colonel , mortify , stare at the cellphone in he hand . he turn to he man and with equal part rage and resolve -- colonel martinez -- burn it ... burn everything . the pallet of cocaine be douse with gasoline and set ablaze , flame climb into the night sky ... the Colonel set he gaze into the surround jungle , search . ext . mountaintop - continous ( day ) Pablo sit in the jeep , look back as the fire rage in the distance ... a scowl slowly form , ugly and vengeful . int . presidential palace - day ( past ) New President Cesar gaviria , sit in he office , exhaust , cadaver - color , besiege by it all . eduardo mendoza be on hand , as be a very pompous , effete-looking man in he 50' . this be colombian Attorney General gustavo do grief . sitting before gaviria be nydia quintero , 60' , powerful bogota socialite and mother of kidnap reporter diana turbay . with she be husband , julio turbay , 60' , the former president . on gaviria 's desk sit a blood-stain vhs tape . nydia quintero ( weep , nod to tape ) shall I tell you what 's on it ? my daughter diana be torture to death by escobar 's man . gaviria nydia , I could not possibly console you , so I will not attempt to ... there 's nothing I can say -- nydia quintero -- what I want can not be say senor President ... it must be do . ( beat , fresh tear ) diana be go ... and that be you do . it come from have a heart of stone . for let this violence become epidemic ! for refuse to call off Colonel martinez -- gaviria -- that be something I cannot and will not do . Law enforcement be a obligation , not a choice . gustavo do greif the man be a menace . if I could show you the letter my office have receive , detail the Colonel 's ghoulish routine of torture and abuse . gaviria , to De greif , cut . gaviria I will not be intimidate into quit or call off search - bloc . gustavo do greif ( pack pipe ) we may not need to . this morning , I receive a call from guido Parra , escobar 's lawyer . suffice it to say , he and he client seem keen on reach some sort of settlement . gaviria I have offer , in the press , the opportunity for a full and unconditional surrender . gustavo do greif if we want to see a end to this war senor President , I feel we will have to sweeten the pot a bit more th -- -- the door to the office open and a ashen justice Minister pardo enter with a piece of paper that he show to gaviria . justice minister pardo it 's a diagram of the route my child take to school every morning . ( beat , point ) that 's Pablo 's thumbprint . as everyone regards this most recent threat -- nydia quintero -- if you will not seek a end to this bloodsh Cesar , then we will . julio turbay nydia . nydia quintero there be that they have kidnap that remain alive , include Francisco Santos . we want to negotiate with " the extradictable " for they return . julio turbay and we wish you permission -- nydia quintero -- know that if we do not receive it , we will act in spite of it -- julio turbay -- nydia , please . ( back to gaviria ) we wish to grant this group , this " extradictable " the opportunity to become a bona fide political party . gaviria , though paralyze by this endless stream of moral conflict , have no trouble find he ethical foot here . gaviria you want escobar 's collection of killer and kidnapper to become a legitimate part of we government ? to give they that distinction ? mendoza be incredulous . De grief , smoking , smugly add : gustavo do greif to extend the olive branch of peace . gaviria , frustration gaviria no . to wave the white flag of surrender ... to let one man , a outlaw , bring we all to we knee ... ext . mountain top - envigado - dusk ( past ) the sun set behind the mountain west of medellin . atop a spectacular promontory to the east , in the fade light , Pablo , popeye , limon , Juan Pablo , now a chubby ten - year -old , unload box and crate down off of flatbe truck . several other man dig huge hole , lowering the crate down and bury they . Pablo 's brother roberto walk the area with he . the two of they seem to be pace it off . pablo the fog settles below the mountain . we will have fifty to sixty mile of visibility during the day and at night . they will not be able to use helicopter without we see they . ( point to other area ) I want a soccer field build here , strung with razor wire . if they be able to sneak a helicopter by , they will not have any place to land it . roberto but we will be safe here ? away from martinez and that fuck cop . pablo we enemy will know where we be ... and they can still come after we . ( beat , look around ) we will need escape route mapped Roberto . Ways down off this mountain that we can keep hide . Juan Pablo inspect the cargo with a flashlight . the metal box be unload be full of cash ; million in bank - bound bill . the crate be load with gun and ammunition . pablo ( o.s. ) pablito ! come here boy ! Juan Pablo trot over to he father who steer he to a spot overlook medellin . the city twinkle in the distance . pablo I will be move here for awhile son . juan pablo with we ? I and Mom and manuela ? Pablo push the boy 's hair back off he head , smile . pablo no. just I . just for awhile . Juan Pablo process this , grow concerned . juan pablo by yourself ? pablo no ... I will have my friend here . juan pablo but not we ... not you family . pablo ... no . not my family . Juan Pablo , solemn , sit down on the hillside . Pablo sit down next to he , put he arm around the boy as the tear appear ... Pablo gently kiss he son on the forehead . pablo do not cry ... you be not old enough to know what all of this mean ... juan pablo why do you have to go away ? pablo for I to be able to take care of you and you sister and you mother , I have to stop run so my business can be rebuilt . juan pablo but they will not ever catch you poppa . pablo I know they will not ... but I need to make they feel like they have . you mark this boy , what you father 's do ... stood up for people who could not stand up for themselves . fought against very powerful people who want to hurt this country . ( beat ) now I need you to take care of we family while I be away . juan pablo will you be go a long time ? pablo maybe a year . but after that , I will leave here and I will never have to run again . we will be together then . juan pablo all of we ? pablo all of we . Pablo pull he son closer as they sit and watch the last remnant of sunlight slip below the horizon . pablo ... " God kiss the ocean and the tree and the sun and the breeze ... and love colombia like no other ... " ext . restaurant - WASHINGTON D.C. - night ( past ) Morris busby , Anthony Lake and Joe toft share a meal in a small bistro-style restaurant . it 's close to close time and only a handful of diner remain . busby to we , the problem be drug , to they it 's violence . gaviria 's get the most powerful family in colombia breathe down he neck . they be put tremendous pressure on he to cut bait on Pablo . lake how can they in good conscience ? know the threat he represent ? toft escobar 's syntax be strictly slash and burn and bogota 's ruling class have get no taste for blood . ext . cemetery - day ( past ) bogota 's social elite , out in drove , dress in black , gather together to mourn the pass of one of they favorite daughter ; diana turbay . a frame photo of she rest atop the coffin . a light drizzle fall like a dirge . lake ( v.o. ) ... so if gaviria cave . .. gaviria listen to the eulogy be deliver by julio turbay . the camera close on he , black -ring frame forlorn eye ... busby ( v.o. ) not " if " tony ... " when . " he can not hold out much longer . we see busby , speak to gaviria post - funeral . CUT back to scene : busby , dress in he funeral attire , just back from colombia . lake and Delta can not get close enough to close this thing out ? busby Pablo 's stay a half - step ahead of they and search - bloc for month . toft he 's get colombia wire . he know about assault be launch against he before they even leave the ground . busby if gaviria do not consent to a deal , it will look like he want this war . lake what be escobar 's people propose ? int . attorney general' office - day ( past ) Attorney General Gustavo De grief sit with escobar lawyer guido pardo , hammer out a proposal for surrender . busby ( v.o. ) we do not know exact detail and nothing formal have emerge . but there be a rumor that they be go to allow he to build he own prison above envigado . CUT back to scene : lake Jesus God ... could that be true ? toft yeah . the Bureau of prison would control the facility , but Pablo would own the land . lake oh , c'mon . that can not be something they be seriously consider . toft there 's also a proposal out of the a.g. 's office , that have he plead guilty to marijuana possession back in 1974 ... and for this admission , he will be exonerate of everything . Lake slump back in he chair , incredulous . lake he 's the most want fugitive in the world . toft well , they be willing to forget the thousand of cop , journalist and judge he 's have kill and instead , crack down on a twenty - year old pot bust . misdemeanor trump mass murder . ( beat , shaking head ) it 's a fuck embarrassment and a farce and would never fly if gaviria have the support he need . int . attorney general' office - day ( past ) De grief and Parra , broad grin and handshake from both . lake ( v.o. ) the gift of prison . if he lawyer can put that off . total amnesty -- busby ( v.o. ) -- then they be smart and they client clean once he serve he time , which , base on that charge , would be no more than a year . then ... CUT back to scene : busby ... he walk out a legitimate citizen . toft pull match from he coat , fire up a cigar . toft ... and utterly unstoppable . int . remote finca - night ( past ) Pablo , the reluctant fugitive , sit with Parra , revise they proposal for surrender . he roll a joint , think . pablo ... no army or cnp within two-hundred meter of the prison . no martinez . no search - bloc . no matter what . parra ( write ) of course ... pablo assurance that I will not be forcibly remove , or we agreement revoke . parra ... I do not see a problem there . pablo do not ask . demand . get guarantee . they want this worse than they will ever let on . I will have Santos , the editor , release . then have he kidnapper turn over to the police . Parra pause , seem throw by this last statement . parra but , this be ... you man , I -- pablo ( lighting joint ) have they arrest and charge . push hard . the public will want it . Maria Victoria be ushere in by two of Pablo 's sicarios . Parra take he cue , stand to leave . Pablo look he lawyer in the eye . the message be crystal clear ... do not fuck up . Parra exit . Pablo go to he wife , take she in he arm . she begin to weep , he soothes she , she look up at he . pablo ... what ? she shake she head , just stare ... maria victoria I want to remember you face , as it be right now , so I do not forget ... pablo tata stop ... stop stare like that . maria victoria ... why ? when will I see it again ? pablo be you be serious with I !? what be it you want ? maria victoria my husband ... that 's what I want . pablo well so do every cop in colombia , so the competition be a little stiff . maria victoria this be funny for you ? we family ? the state we be in ? falling apart ? Pablo break they embrace , hold she at arm length , angry . pablo why do you give I this nonsense ? with the few minute we have alone !? maria victoria I be scared , my child be scared ! pablo " we child " ( beat , with piety ) I have deadlock they . they set the entire country against I and I stop they cold . I stand against the State , alone . do not forsake that now . do not forget what I have do . a beat . tear flow down Maria Victoria 's face . Pablo touch she , bring she close , kiss she gently . gustavo do greif ( v.o. ) ... senor escobar 's recent gesture be most magnificent ... int . presidential palace - day ( past ) De grief address a gather which include gaviria , mendoza justice Minister pardo and escobar lawyer guido Parra . gustavo do greif ... by negotiate with the kidnapper for the safe release of Francisco Santos ... ext . STREET - day ( past ) a batter , bruise Francisco Santos , editor of El tiempo , be hustle into a await ambulance by cnp officer . gustavo do greif ( v.o. ) ... he 's show all of colombia how commit he be to end the violence we country be embroil in . CUT back to scene : gustavo do greif he be to be commend for this . gaviria look nauseous . mendoza be equally put off . guido parra my client be willing to do whatever be ask of he . even if it mean submit to a prison term to bring about peace . ( beat , to gaviria ) but in the spirit of this , he require from you administration a guarantee that under no circumstance will he be place in the custody of the United States ... and that the current constitutional ban on extradition under colombian law be honore . pardo try to contain he contempt . disgust by the charade . gustavo do greif senor President , Pablo have also ask that we refer to this publicly as a " cease fire " rather than a " surrender " guido parra my client consider himself a son of colombia and a revolutionary , fight for he own personal belief . gaviria have hear enough . gaviria do he consider the slaughter of other , innocent " son of colombia " as part of some personal belief ? can plant bomb and kill hundred of innocent people be consider a act of revolution ? ( beat , he anger rise ) you " client " deal in drug and terror ... and if it be up to I , I would have he hunt to the end of the earth . Parra , hand up , a feeble meat culpa . guido parra I be merely the messenger . gaviria , boring in , eye brim with contempt . gaviria no . you be part of what he be and of what he 's wringht on this nation . ( beat , with malice ) it will not be forget . De greif , sense the grow animosity , subtly shift topic . gustavo do greif senor President , I know you have review the proposal I have submit to bring senor escobar into custody . gaviria nod , open a bound booklet , take up a pen . gaviria with no other choice . I must , with grave misgiving and great apprehension , give it my endorsement . ( to Parra ) but if escobar move so much as a inch outside that wall , I will renew we effort against he use every single soldier and every last piece of law enforcement in the country , and he will not hide behi -- -- the door be suddenly throw open , revealing the Colonel , face flushed , infuriate , be trail by gaviria 's secretary secretary please , please Colonel -- gaviria -- Colonel martinez . colonel martinez you have strike a deal !? you be go to let he get away with what he 's do !? make he some kind of martyr for peace ! have you lost you mind !? De greif , miff at this intrusion , move to reprimand . gustavo do greif colonel martinez ! remove yourself ! you have be reassign to a post in Madrid ! you be fortunate escobar be the only one go to prison . I would file charge against you today if -- -- the Colonel lunge for De greif , finger fix like claw . security step in to restrain he . De greif stumble back , big gulp . the Colonel glower at the room , eye mist . colonel martinez the blood of that man ! where doe it go !? four-hundr of they died fight you fight ! they risk they family , to protect yours ! how can you dishonor they this way ! gustavo do greif -- get he out of here ! only gaviria can meet the Colonel 's wither gaze . the two stare at one another ... martinez 's anger abate . a beat , then : colonel martinez ... I tell you I would see this through , no matter the cost ... how could you abandon I now ? gaviria Colonel , we must do this . not for you or I or any one man . but for all of we ... to put we country right . colonel martinez ... this country will never be put right as long as escobar be alive . and with that , he be lead away by Security . we hold on gaviria as Pablo 's voice slowly creep up under the scene . pablo ( v.o. ) I have never be convict of a crime in colombia ... dissolve to : int . courtroom - bogota ( past ) Pablo sit before a half dozen magistrate , many of whom have have they colleague kidnap or kill by El Doctor . super : " bogota , colombia . 1992 " pablo ... and I want to clarify that . because there be that who have perpetrate crime and commit horrible act under my name , in order to harm I . magistrate with regard to the charge of distribution of marijuana which you have plead no contest to , tell the court what additional disciplinary or penal precedent appear on you record . montage ( the following sequence will move in a non - linear manner ) int . carlo holguin school - day ( past ) the Colonel , solemnly make he way through the rank , shaking hand with all the remain search - bloc officer . shut down he command . terminate they unit . pablo ( v.o. ) there have be accusation . the majority be make by Colonel martinez . but the fact remain , I have never be convict of one criminal offense . int . hangar - day ( past ) Robertson and centra-spike operator pack it in , pull tarpaulin over the beechcraft , take down the bogus signage on the hangar door which read " falcon aviation . " magistrate # 2 ( v.o. ) how do you explain that you , Pablo escobar , be identify as the act head of the medellin cartel ? ext . tarmac - continuous ( past ) jacoby and he Delta team member , bid one another bon voyage , hoist a farewell bottle of beer in unison . pablo ( v.o . ) as another baseless accusation and one that 's dogge I for most of my adult life ... I be the third son of seven child , bear to my father , a farmer and my mother , a school teacher . I be raise in envigado and make my fortune from scratch as many fortune in colombia and the rest of the world have be make . int . gaviria home - day ( past ) the President sit with he wife and one of they young son . he look troubled ... the depth and degree of the faustian deal they have strike with Pablo remain immeasurable . magistrate # 3 ( v.o. ) do you deny derive that fortune from drug trafficking ? by profiting from colombia 's massive cocaine trade ? int . palace of justice - vice minister' office - day ( past ) eduardo mendoza , appear thoroughly crush , oversee the pack and crate of hundred of escobar- related criminal file . there be literally hundred of box . pablo ( v.o. ) I deny the rumor that have link I to that . I do not use cocaine and know only what I have read about it . int . courtroom - bogota ( past ) the frustrated magistrate , unable to pin anything on Pablo . magistrate so you profess as to have no involvement with the medellin cartel ? pablo not one . this accusation stem from one man : Colonel Hugo martinez . int / ext . airplane - day ( past ) the Colonel and he family board a flight bound for Spain . pablo ( v.o. ) ... and I think this be a result of he frustration at not capture I , or the guilt he feel over the innocent people he and he search - bloc troops have torture and kill . the Colonel fasten he seatbelt as the plane taxi down the runway for takeoff . adrianna grasp he hand . he look over at she , a great distance in he eye , he thought elsewhere . CUT back to scene : Pablo , the perpetual victim . pablo he need a target , someone he can blame for he own criminal misdeed . int . airplane - day ( past ) commotion suddenly erupt from the rear of the plane . a stewardess scream . the co- pilot go sprinting past . the Colonel stand , start back toward the galley . ext . courtroom - bogota ( past ) Pablo walk out to a swarm of media campe outside the courthouse . manuela , age three now , run to she father , who hoist she up and kiss she . the press swoon . Pablo milk a moment with Juan Pablo and Maria Victoria as well . after a few moment of photo op with he family , Pablo press on toward a helipad where justice Minister pardo await . pablo senor justice Minister , how be you ? justice minister pardo ( unsmile ) I be well Pablo . pablo and I be glad to hear that . with all that 's happen a rumor alone be enough to get someone kill . thank God you and you family be spare . justice minister pardo be it God I should be thanking ? or you ? Pablo grin wryly as they climb aboard the chopper together . int . airplane - day ( past ) the stewardess , visibly shake , be comfort by another member of the cabin crew . the CO - pilot be huddle over something in the plane 's rest-room as the Colonel arrive . colonel martinez what 's the problem ? the co- Pilot reveal a homemade bomb , hook to the toilet . ext . LA cathedral prison - envigado - day ( past ) the helicopter touch down outside prison grounds . a even great swell of press mobilize for Pablo 's arrival . Inside the gate ; popeye , limon and a dozen of Pablo 's confidant and top sicarios , include he brother Roberto , await he . prison guard , dozen of heavily - armed blue-suit , rush up , rifle at the ready as Pablo step down off the chopper . pablo ( to guard , incense ) lower you weapon dammit ! they do , some sheepishly , as if this be a half - heart show of force in the first place . justice Minister pardo disembark next , gaze around incredulously at the guard . a marching band from the local high school , fire up a rouse greeting for Don Pablo , who clap along , all smile , look nothing like a man about to enter prison . stand there at the main gate , smile obsequiously , be Attorney General Gustavo De greif , accompany by ever-faithful escobar attorney guido Parra . gustavo do greif senor ! welcome to La Cathedral ! Pablo , brandish he monogramm .45 automatic to the great consternation of De grief . then , with a deliberate flare for the dramatic , thumb each bullet from the clip , signify a end to he war with the State . the moment be play with masterful aplomb . Pablo enter the grounds a conquer hero to the rest of he man as the march band play on . int . airplane - day ( past ) the Colonel finish remove the bomb , stripping out the wire , hand the device to the co-pilot . CO - pilot they have ask we to turn around and taxi to a remote gate . ( beat , reluctantly ) I be afraid we will not be able to transport you and you family either . the Colonel look up , he anger flaring . CO - pilot I be sorry sir , it 's not my decision . int . airplane - moment later ( past ) the Colonel return to he seat . he say nothing , then ; colonel martinez it be he ... adrianna turn as the co-pilot move past , carry something conceal under a blanket ... a realization take hold of she . colonel martinez ... he will never leave this alone . ext . LA cathedral prison - envigado - day ( past ) Pablo , wave back at everyone as the prison gate close . colonel martinez ( v.o. ) ... it will not be over between we until one of we be dead ... Pablo start up toward the compound , accompany by he man full shot the Colonel 's face , stoic , statue- like ... mute rage the only emotion that remain . he close he eye . we settle on they ... ... transition to : int . helicopter - day ( present ) the Colonel , present day , open he eye , a old fire fill they as the helicopter roar over medellin . a title fade up on - screen , lower - third : " endgame part V " pablo ( v.o. ) ... and if you be listen Colonel , the threat I make against you and you bastard kin still stand ... I will see Hell before you will see you family live out they life in full . " medellin , colombia . December 2 , 1993 . 1:08 pm . " int . beechcraft - continuous ( past ) Robertson , pump up , anticipate the end ... robertson that 's it , keep it up , keep - talk - shit . bravo - Charlie , you should be get a good lock any second now ... int . mercede van - continuous ( present ) _ Hugo Jr. , watch that familiar line on the gray box intersect rapidly , second from establish target lock . int . panel van - continuous ( present ) _ jacoby and the rest of the Delta operator , say silent prayer , please - let- this- be-the-one ... int / ext . apartment - rural medellin - day ( present ) Pablo step onto the patio , nervously scan the street below . juan pablo ( v.o. ) poppa , do you want I ask the rest of this question ? there 's about another thirty or so ... a beat . Pablo 's true instinct seldom fail he . he glance up at the sky , then check both end of the block again . pablo no. I will contact you again . this bastard be listen in too much . I do not know when I will call , but I will be leave the air for awhile . juan pablo ... alright poppa . pablo Goodbye son . and Pablo click off , repeat the same ritual ; pull off the battery back and crush the phone underfoot . montage face : the Colonel 's . robertson' . jacoby 's . Hugo Jr 's . each grip by a sudden , startling sense of failure . of abject loss . word can not adequately describe this expression ; haunt , anguish , enraged ... and frighten that Pablo may have finally slip away forever . from this stark silence : robertson tango off -air , repeat , tango off - air transition to : int . LA cathedral prison - night ( past ) Pablo , the same shot as before , the prison gate close now as he disappear over the rise with he man . robertson ( v.o. ) ... he 's go . fade to black : title card : " November , 1992 ... ten month since imprisonment " fade up on : ext . jacoby home - virginia - day ( past ) classic rock boom over bad speaker , blast all the calm out of a otherwise lazy Sunday afternoon . jacoby sit at a picnic table with he wife maureen , late - 20' , pretty , petite . they backyard be fill with jacoby 's Delta Operators and they family , gather for a impromptu barbecue - pool party . Kyle Robertson run over from the trampoline , wind . robertson you guy be betting on who can be the first one to bite the power line . jacoby ( turn , yell ) moron , do not wager on who will bite the power - line first , we do not bite power - line with child present . in the background , hastings and Murphy , like big kid , completely ignore jacoby , try desperately to reach the power-line . the child laugh endlessly at this antic . jacoby see he infant daughter linger close to the grill . jacoby hey ... baby girl , what do I say ? she look over at she father , a big toothy grin beam back . maureen y'know little miss ... move it . she take another tentative step toward the grill . jacoby laugh . jacoby get away from there you little creep ! lookit she ! she 's she mother ! Maureen swat she husband for that comment , reach over and sweeping they daughter into she arm and kissing she . she giggle wildly as she mother walk she into the house . jacoby reach into the cooler and hand Robertson a beer . jacoby what be you hearing ? robertson Somalia . soon. jacoby they have be talk about go into Mogadishu for month . I have be and it be a shithole without peer ... what about down south ? robertson colombia ? they re-ramp that , it will turn into a track meet . everybody suit up . jacoby I talk to Joe toft a few week back , Pablo 's place , the prison , be supposedly a palace . Big screen , water bed , whole shebang . that 's a smart , smart , cat tee up that deal . now he 's free to reconsolidate he entire business from behind bar . Robertson , troubled , still struggle with it . robertson what he do to that country man , the pass he get give . it 's fuck . jacoby nod , a beat . jacoby I want it to flare again for the old man , martinez . I know you be not too fond of he , but think about it man , you and I will never have to deal with that kind of bullshit , lose guy like that , death threat -- robertson -- whatever pain he feel , he inflicted just as much , the guy be a thug . jacoby and Pablo 's not ? you gonna ask a guy to fight fire with firewood ? ( beat , lean in ) we wind up back in bogota bro , it 's gonna be a flat - out fuckin ' gunfight to the close of business . and if you think it get ugly before ... ext . LA cathedral prison - night ( past ) a five - ton transport truck thunder up a steep hill to a guard house checkpoint inside the prison gate . jacoby ( v.o. ) ... just wait . super : " envigado , colombia . January 1993 " int . truck - continuous ( past ) Inside the back of the truck , popeye and limon pass a open bottle of champagne around to a half dozen giggle teenage prostitute . gerardo moncada and Fernando galleano look on . the truck be load with goody : box of booze , stack of porn magazine , carton of cigarettes , three full - size pinball machine , a dozen box vcr 's , a ' 56 inch television and a bird cage , fill with flutter carrier- pigeon . galleano take a closer look at the bird . they all sport personalize leg band that read : pablo escobar carcel do maxima seguridad , envigado the tarp on the back of the five - ton be throw open , revealing a trio of blue-suite prison guard . after a perfunctory glance at the truck 's cargo manifest , the guard remove a case of champagne and wave they through the checkpoint . int . LA cathedral - night ( past ) more Club Med than maximum security . all the comfort and amenity of a five-star resort hotel . the camera pass through a disco - bar , fully stock , mirror -ball , the dj spin for a pack floor of prostitute and Pablo flunky . moncada and galleano be duly impressed as they be lead up a staircase to a balcony . there , seat in a chaise lounge , be El Doctor himself , some flab add to he already ample frame . he be in the midst of a interview with El tiempo reporter elizabeth mora , late - 20' , bright , tenacious . sitting watch be resident sociopath Gustavo Mesa and hernao hernan . pablo -- I have get a great sense of humor , ask my friend or family , anybody that know I well , when time be tough , or I be at odd with , whatever , I always try to stay cool , compose . elizabeth mora you consider this a difficult time ? pablo well , I be be in prison now , so -- elizabeth mora ( scoff , cut he off ) -- you will excuse I , but be not this a bit of a charade senor ? ( look around ) I mean can you really call this incarceration ? or construe you stay here as a " prison sentence ? " lately you have be spot at soccer match and at discotheque around medellin . do you believe other maximum - security prisoner be permit such freedom ? Pablo wear that familiar , quasi-pleasant smile . pablo they be not require to make the personal sacrifice that I make ... elizabeth mora ... to end the campaign of terror that have grip we country . pablo that 's right . elizabeth mora a campaign that many be convinced you mastermind . Pablo , deadpan . possess maybe the finest poker face ever . pablo if only that could have be prove true , maybe this conversation would be take place under different circumstance ... elizabeth mora ... or not at all . mora , fearless . the implication of she statement be obvious : Pablo should either be in a real prison or dead . a load moment ensue , break only by Pablo extend he hand ... pablo ... I have enjoy we visit senora . mora shake , say nothing , refuse to blink or break she gaze . a guard , sense the unease , quickly escort she out . after some internal deliberation , possibly decide whether or not to have she kill , Pablo greet he new guest . pablo ( to moncada , concerned ) where be you brother ? gerardo moncada kiko be not feel well . and William 's have some family problem . Pablo lead they over to the edge of the balcony . pablo we be all have family problem . that 's why I want everyone here . and you sister ? gerardo moncada I have be send on behalf of my entire family Doctor . fernando galleano as have i. Pablo , irritate by this . Mesa be gaze through a telescope , make small adjustment . he nod to Pablo . pablo ( to moncada & galleano ) I would like you two to take a look at something . Pablo gesture for both of they to look through the telescope . moncada be first . he seem confuse by what he 's see , step back to allow galleano a turn : what he see be small shed , ten mile away , in the interior of the city of medellin . moncada I do not understand ? what be we suppose to be see Doctor ? pablo ( beat , emotionless ) you great personal mistake . they blood go cold . a drunken popeye and limon appear , grin with glee , like wolf cornere cattle . fernando galleano ( terrify , reeling ) ... Doctor ... Pablo , arm fold , lean against the wall , calm , compose . pablo neither one of you family feel it be fair to pay the war tax before . even if it mean use money that you have already steal from I . ( to Mesa ) how much do you find in that shed ? mesa Close to twenty million dollar . fear consume both galleano and moncada . Pablo show no outward sign of anger , act more the disappointed parent . pablo you have to know what would happen if I find out about this . gerardo moncada Doctor , we -- pablo no , do not bother . really . my decision be make . I do not want to hear a lot of nonsense now . ( beat ) downstair there 's girl , cocaine , pot , drink , whatever you like . I will give you a hour ... get as drunk and as high as you possibly can . ( beat , grim ) make sure you can not feel a thing . int . prison - recreation room - later ( past ) plastic painter 's tarp cover a pool table . moncada and galleano , rip drunk , babbling , blubber , truss up over the table , foot bound with chain , thrashing like game - fish , laugh as popeye plug power tool into the wall . henao spread kindling beneath they head ... so they can slowly burn to death while hang upside down . Pablo brief limon , who be don a rubber butcher 's smock and glove . pablo make sure you can see the damage . I want everyone to know what be do to they . when you be finish , find the other moncada brother and deal with they . I also want ospera kill . limon nod , move toward the pool table , hefting a bore drill as Mesa and hernan take hold of galleano 's leg . Pablo 's cellphone ring , he answer , exite the rec room . maria victoria ( v.o. ) hello . pablo hello my precious girl . maria victoria ( v.o. ) be you well love ? I have a horrible dream . I want to call , I be sorry . pablo no , no , I be glad you call . it 's nice to hear you voice ... scream , shrill and guttural , resonate from the rec room , Pablo quickly cup he hand over the receiver , turn back . pablo cover there mouth ! ( beat , back into phone ) so ... you have a bad dream ? maria victoria what be that ? pablo no , it 's nothing ... be I go to see you for breakfast ? Pablo 's brother Roberto and a pair of giddy , slightly toast teenage hookers await he at the entrance to the disco - bar . maria victoria ( v.o. ) I will be there between nine and ten . one of the teenage prostitute fondle Pablo 's crotch . he seize she hand , throw it aside , raise he finger sharply . the young girl look ready to burst into tear . pablo I will talk to you tomorrow my sweet . he click off , the young prostitute smile weakly as Pablo reach down and slowly replace she hand on he crotch . Roberto laugh as the four of they proceed inside . ext . moncada finca - morning ( past ) dolly moncada , 30' , the medellin cartel 's big bad mamma . decked out in a tacky gold gucci pantsuit . she look like colombia 's version of the outre mafia princess . bodyguard flank she up the walkway , stop when they notice the foyer door ajar . they assume tactical crouch , weapon pull . the camera follows they through the entryway . the word " guerra " ( War ) have be scrawle in blood and viscera on dolly moncada 's wall ... and the butcher remain of she three brother scattered over she live room . a break chainsaw rattles across the floor like a wind - up toy . a video-loop of the torture play back over the hi- fi . grainy image , capture piece of the slaughter . dolly moncada drop to she knee . a wail sound rise up from she that seem inhuman . pain , emanate from the pit of she soul . int . home - outside medellin - day rodrigo ospera , a plastic bag cinched over he head , be choke out by one of Pablo 's sicarios . ospera lunge with he tooth , gnash down on the man 's hand through the bag . the sicario shriek , recoil , fall off . ospera pull the bag from he head and attack , grab the stunne sicario and slamm he head off the floor until he go still ... int . presidential palace - early morning ( past ) eduardo mendoza , stumbling / jogging toward gaviria 's quarter . a hive of activity greet he . justice Minister pardo confer with rep from the Bureau of prison , include the Guard that we recognize from the balcony at La Cathedral . pardo see mendoza , give he a wink ... something be afoot . the President stalk the room , face fix in a scowl . he toss mendoza the morning 's issue of " El tiempo . " Front page ; the interview with El Doctor , entitle : " still the king " we see a smile Pablo , pose in he prison 's nightclub and a photo- tour of he live accommodation at La Cathedral . gaviria he 's make fool of we for the last time . I be have he move to military barrack in bogota until he can be relocate . La Cathedral be be attack as we speak . mendoza glance over , see cnp military personnel on communication relay , coordinate the assault . it 's all happen right now . pardo walk over , flipping through note . justice minister pardo the guard will testify that moncada and galleano enter the prison two night ago . he say some other guard be summon to put out a fire in the rec room at around two in the morning . the billiard table be burn and something be hang above it . it look like a body . you can actually hear gaviria 's tooth grind . gaviria execute enemy inside the prison ? ( turn to mendoza ) we need a lawyer on hand to make sure this transfer be formal and bind . I do not want to give escobar any legal grounds to battle we with . ext . olaya herrera airport - medellin - day ( past ) mendoza be greet by a cnp Major on the tarmac as he board a jeep for the trip through medellin up to La Cathedral . gaviria ( v.o. ) I want you to fly to La Cathedral and make sure this be handle . Pablo should be in custody when you arrive . ext . LA cathedral - night ( past ) mendoza be concerned by what he 's see as they progress up the mountain . Soldiers , loitering along the roadside , sit on they helmet , smoking cigarettes . mendoza what the hell be go on ? the Major shrug . they pull to a stop just outside the main gate where more soldier mill about aimlessly . a huddle of high - rank cnp officer stand near the gate . mendoza ( loudly ) ... can I ask who 's in charge here ? a man turn back to he ... we recognize he instantly . it 's General tapia , the man who offer Colonel martinez the bribe . tapia ( smile , informal ) General alberto tapia . and you must be vice-justice Minister mendoza . tapia extend he hand . mendoza shake , tentative . mendoza where be the prisoner ? Pablo escobar ? tapia , he brow furrow , expression blank . tapia confine inside of course . mendoza blink tapia 's response back . what ? mendoza General , I be tell a assault be underway to remove escobar from this facility ! I have order to transfer he to a military base back in bogota ! tapia , grimace , shaking he head . tapia I be give different order senor . I be instruct to surround the prison and secure the area . mendoza my order come from the President . tapia remove a cigar from he shirt pocket , patting himself down for match , as if he have all the time in the world . tapia this be very confusing . ( beat , lighting cigar ) do you think we should do this tonight or wait until morning and have a negotiator send in ? mendoza can scarcely believe what he 's hearing . mendoza General , there 's no -- I be not here on behalf of the military , so I can not tell you how to conduct this . but by now escobar know we be out here and be no doubt aware of we intention ! tapia , nodd , take a draw off the cigar . tapia I can not make any sense of this ... let I notify my command . tapia call for a field - phone . a corporal rush one over to he . mendoza can hear he confer with he superior . tapia ... I be here with the vice justice Minister now ... he think we should wait until morning as well ... mendoza ( abrupt , angry ) no. no. General . escobar must be remove now . I will not defy the President 's order or wait any longer . tapia return the phone to the corporal , feign frustration . moment pass . mendoza 's exasperation harden into resentment . mendoza General be you refuse to attack ? tapia ( talk tough ) I would go in and grab escobar by the scruff of the neck and drag he out here if I be order to . I just do not have the authorization ... and I do not want to be blame for what he will do if we break he agreement . mendoza , feed up , yanking off he coat , roll up he sleeve . mendoza I be go in to inform the prisoner that he 's be transfer . be you go to accompany I ? tapia that be not my order ... I be sorry . mendoza glare with such disgust and derision , that tapia actually turn he back , return to the group of officer . mendoza ( to the gate guard ) open the gate ! int . LA cathedral - night ( past ) mendoza , flanke by two terrify guard ... stand under a suspend bulb near the main bunkhouse , be El Doctor himself , surround by he always present phalanx of flunky . pablo ( unsmile ) good evening senor mendoza . mendoza fight a softball - size lump in he throat . mendoza senor escobar , good evening . by the request of we President Cesar gavir -- pablo ( ice cold ) -- you have betrayed I ... and President gaviria have betrayed I . the people who will die because of this decision have be betrayed by you as well . escobar 's goons fan out , surround mendoza and the guard . the atmosphere become one of deep , impenetrable dread . mendoza senor -- pablo -- you want to deliver I to the Americans . be that what this be ? limon , circle he intend victim . popeye we should have kill this one during the campaign , it would have be easy ! mendoza ( to Pablo ) it would be unconstitutional for we to send you to the United States . pablo you want to take I out of here and have I kill because I embarrassed the government . because I have the power to do for we people what you bastard could never dream of do ... popeye leap at mendoza , spittle fly from he lip . popeye let I gut this sonofabitch Doctor ! mendoza , tremble , try hard to hold he ground . mendoza you have rights as a prisoner . all of you do . we be obligate to guarantee you safety -- -- gun appear now , pull in haste -- mendoza be leave look down a dozen barrel . he glance over at the two Guards ... and see that they too be point they weapon at he . popeye thrust a pump shotgun right into he face , rack it . popeye let I take this cocksucker off ! ( beat , to mendoza ) show I you tooth ! smile puta ! popeye shove the barrel in he mouth , flip off the safety -- popeye watch how far he fuck head go ! Pablo step forward , lay he hand on the barrel . pablo not yet ... int . presidential palace - day ( past ) a primal , enraged President gaviria react to the news . gaviria they 're what !? holding he hostage !? ( turn to cnp and military officer ) why did the vice - justice minister go into that prison alone ! ( beat , back into phone ) general tapia you will attack with everything you have ! do you hear I ! I will have tried and convicted you and any member of that assault force who refuse this order ! attack that prison and remove escobar right now ! silence come in response . then , to gaviria 's total outrage . tapia ( v.o. ) I be sorry senor President , but I must decline . gaviria y -- what !? what be you saying !? ( absolutely livid ) you be relieved of duty ! you will resign you commission immediat -- the phone click off ... tapia have actually hang up on the President of colombia . gaviria , in a fit of rabid fury , turn and hurl the phone against the wall , shatter it . int . LA cathedral - pablo' quarter - night ( past ) mendoza sit in a corner of a spacious , handsomely furnish suite . popeye lord over he , shotgun press to he head . Pablo sit on a waterbed , speak on the phone to he wife . pablo do not cry tata . we have a little problem here , that 's all . I will call you back soon . stay by the phone . Pablo hang up , hand the phone to mendoza . pablo get President gaviria on the line . mendoza he will not take the call . Pablo , clearly concerned , he settlement go up in smoke . pablo the thing that go on here be not he concern . the moncadas and Fernando galleano , they killing be a internal matter . within we group . why be you get involved ?... get gaviria on the line . I will explain . mendoza he will not take the call . there 's hundred of armed soldier out there . what can you possibly do against that ? Pablo smile patronizingly . pablo senor mendoza ... who do you believe be really in charge here ? and with that , Pablo exit the room , leave mendoza alone with popeye , who sit down on the bed , grin , revealing a briar patch of badly discolor , misshapen tooth . popeye we gonna piss on you soul puta . mendoza remain still . popeye stare . second become unbearable epoch . then , commotion flare . a outburst of shout and confusion , follow by staccato gunfire . suddenly , a explosion rip through the bedroom , blow its occupant end over end , the air combust , burn . mendoza find himself cling to consciousness , crawl blind , oxygen cut , constrict , eye quickly swell shut . he then feel strong hand take hold of he and heavy boot rush in . he 's haul to he foot . a voice pound inch away . voice run ! mendoza , propel by pure adrenaline and panic , leave nothing in he lung as he run , the voice behind he booming . voice run ! run ! run ! we stay with mendoza in p.o.v. : explosion rock , rubble rain down . the subsonic snap of pass bullet rip the air . through it all , mendoza keep run , reach the main gate and collapse to the ground . he look up at the source of the voice : a huge colombian special force commando , he face heavily camouflage . mendoza be escobar dead ? the commando do not respond . mendoza glance over and see General tapia , sit inside a cnp jeep , handcuff . mendoza have you get he !? tapia say nothing , just stare out of the jeep 's front window as it dawns on mendoza : once again , Pablo have escape . mendoza ... oh my God ... int . hacienda - madrid , spain - night ( past ) Colonel martinez , dress in civilian attire , sit in front of he television as news of escobar 's escape be report . his eye harden as he watch file footage of a smile Pablo wave to reporter as he enter La Cathedral . the Colonel glance over at he phone ... willing it to ring . int . presidential palace - anteroom - day ( past ) a emergency session have be call . colombia 's major law enforcement body be represent . infighting and internal bicker reign supreme . no one agency or individual be willing to accept responsibility for La Cathedral . gustavo do greif senor Parra reiterate that he client be " well dispose " to re-enter prison . it be not he choice to run . he feel he life be in danger . justice minister pardo escobar have openly violate every last tenet of a already generous agreement and commit further capitol offense while in prison ! flash CUT to : body slip through a fence - line , flashlight lead . justice minister pardo ( v.o. ) he be a fugitive and a escapee who take vice Minister eduardo mendoza hostage and threaten he life . the last man through pause ... it 's Pablo , look back as colombian special force raid La Cathedral . CUT back to scene : gustavo do greif I be sorry , but I remain dubious about mendoza 's story . int . colombian legislature - bogota - day ( past ) a pack courtroom for the Senate Committee 's inquiry - inquisition of vice-justice Minister mendoza and other in the wake of La Cathedral . the media be omnipresent . super : " bogota , colombia . February , 1993 . " gustavo do greif ( v.o. ) ... that one prisoner could simply slip past the colombian Army seem ridiculously unlikely . a bandage , bruise mendoza sit at the same table as General tapia , face a fire squad of senator eager to slander he name and lay the blame for La Cathedral at he foot . justice minister pardo ( v.o. ) be you suggest the vice Minister be collude with escobar ? CUT back to scene : De greif continue he denunciation of mendoza . gustavo do greif we know General tapia be receive money from the cartel . be it not possible that mendoza may have be profiting from a similar arrangement ? justice minister pardo you presume guilt , without any factual -- gustavo do greif ( interrupt , rude ) -- I hold a independently elect office senor justice Minister . ( with a eye to gaviria ) not a appoint one . I have the authority to act in what I deem to be this country 's best interest . so I will push for mendoza 's resignation -- int . colombian legislature - bogota - day ( past ) mendoza be scrutinize and grill by a battery of government lawyer . he be systematically take down and tear apart . gustavo do greif ( v.o. ) -- and he prosecution , should the conven senate inquiry prove he complicity in the escape . CUT back to scene : gustavo do greif ... I will also strongly advocate allow senor escobar to return to La Cathedral and serve out the remainder of he sentence . senor Parra have contact I with the follow statement from he client : ( beat , read ) " we will not carry out any violent retaliatory action against the goc or the citizen of colombia yet -- ext . colombian jungle - dawn ( past ) Pablo write a letter by flashlight , snap the pen when he 's finish and apply he famous thumbprint with spill ink . gustavo do greif ( v.o . ) -- as long as we resume the peace process and be allow to surrender ourselves to justice again with the term of we imprisonment unchange . " CUT back to : De greif stop read , look over at gaviria . gustavo do greif senor President , none of we be keen on rekindling the violence and bloodsh of before ... the scar of which this country still bear . De greif gesture to a handsome , well - groom military officer in he 40' , sit at the far end of the table . this be cnp colonel lino pinzon , and he look to be cut from the same cloth as De greif ; a purebred bureaucratic climber . gustavo do greif Colonel pinzon be commanding the new effort to remand escobar back into custody and return he to prison . finally , the seethe gaviria speak . gaviria escobar will not be return to prison . ext . colombian jungle - morning ( past ) Pablo and he fellow escapee move through the dense jungle and down the mountain . medellin loom in the distance . gaviria ( v.o. ) he will be hunt down and place in the possession of the United States ... CUT back to scene : gaviria ...or he will be kill ... that will be he only option . De greif see grand plan and personal promise fall apart . gustavo do greif senor President , forgive I , but extradition be outlaw under ou -- gaviria -- I be issue a mandate to we Supreme Court , order they to overturn the ban on extradition . we will no longer yield this country 's judicial process and policy to criminal and criminal interest . ( right at De grief ) I refuse to be oppose in this matter . int . colombian legislature - sub - level - day ( past ) gaviria , alone with he dear friend mendoza , talk quietly . gaviria ( v.o. ) as far as vice justice Minister mendoza be concerned . I have speak to he , both as he friend and as President . he have be place in a indefensible position and recognize as much ... so he have offer and I have accept , he resignation . CUT back to scene : gaviria ... and I have fully pardon he . ( back at De grief ) he will not face criminal charge for La Cathedral . I will not allow he to bear that burden alone ... we be all , each one of we . guilty . int . colombian legislature - sub - level - day ( past ) mendoza look weary , wear out . mendoza do not trust De grief . he will cut a deal with or without you consent . gaviria ... I let you down eduardo . you be my close friend and I let they run you off -- mendoza -- it be nothing you could have do anything about . some tide be too strong to turn . friendship be this way ... and you will always have mine . he and gaviria embrace goodbye . then , as mendoza draw back , he expression darken , he voice rise just above a whisper . mendoza I have see the worst of what man can be ... escobar do not deserve another chance . you have to empty you heart now Cesar ... and be merciless . CUT back to scene : gaviria , somber , without the slight bit of theatricality . gaviria ... we be in a fight for nothing less than the soul of this country ... CUT back to : int . colombian legislature - sub - level - day ( past ) gaviria , flanke by bodyguard , walk through a corridor and into a underground garage . a black armor-plate suburban pull in and ambassador Morris busby step out to greet he . gaviria ( v.o. ) ... and we be fated to fight it to the last . montage Delta force ' Black cellphone start ringing . we see hastings and Murphy and the rest of the Delta Operators in vary day to day activity , rush to retrieve they phone . we finally find jacoby , hold he small daughter , fresh from a bath , run into the bedroom and grab he phone . he answer , listen ... and a smile spread a mile wide . int . embassy - fifth floor vault - day ( past ) super : " March , 1993 ... six week after Pablo 's escape " everyone assemble : Delta , centra-spike , d.e.a . no rep from the goc or cnp be present . a man we do not recognize right away , sit behind busby . inauspicious and somewhat devilish in appearance . this be CIA Station Chief . bill wagner , 40' . busby I have inform President gaviria that this meeting would be a lockoff , involve only we people . that way , he can claim ignorance . bottom line folk , nobody inside the colombian government want to see Pablo retaken so he can stand trial . his lawyer could stall out that process indefinitely and there be not a prosecutor or jury that can not be buy off or kill outright . ( gesture to wagner ) the Agency have join we for this next go round and for that of you who have not meet he , this be bogota CIA station chief Bill wagner . Bill ? wagner nod to that gather . wagner well as the ambassador say , the mission , while not clearly state be nevertheless clear ... the goc want escobar , if possible , eliminate . int . CIA briefing room - langley , virginia - day ( past ) dolly moncada be greet by wagner and upper echelon agency member . await she be she old friend rodrigo ospera . wagner a week ago , dolly moncada and rodrigo ospera , two key member of the medellin cartel , fle hit squad deploy by escobar and fly to Washington to offer they assistance . CUT back to scene : one of wagner 's aide distribute confidential document around the room in the form of black binder . wagner they provide we with a detailed description of he personal and financial infrastructure . the name and face of escobar 's inner circle . int . CIA briefing room - langley , virginia - day ( past ) ospera speak with wagner and other CIA representative . ospera by give you this people , you have Pablo 's base of power ... so instead of try to pluck the man off the top of the mountain , you can take the mountain out from under the man . int . embassy - fifth floor vault - continuous ( past ) toft look troubled by what he 's hearing . toft have they be offer any kind of amnesty for they cooperation ? wagner would that be cause for concern ? toft it would if they be be give a pass . rodrigo ospera , while no Pablo , be a premier piece of shit in he own right and dolly moncada be no prom queen . they have both ally themselves with the cali cartel and be recruiting sicarios for battle . wagner only after Pablo plunge the cartel into a civil war ... the enemy of my enemy be my friend agent toft . toft and we start lie down with the like of they Mr. wagner , the fleas will be bigger than the fuck dog , pardon my language . we solicit assistance from the cartel , get cozy at that level ? then we be potentially help build something up that will never be bring down . busby what do you mean Joe ? toft we be legitimize relationship . once we grab Pablo with this " group effort " do we honestly think everybody 's gonna resume the ' cop and robber ' routine ? it will never happen . we will have permanently mobbed up the goc and the cartel and virtually bullet - proofed the cocaine business in this country . wagner ospera and moncada have be utilize as informant and nothing more . toft , nodd but not convinced . wagner and while I get you concern we have more urgent matter at the moment . ext . medellin outskirt - night ( past ) Gustavo De greif and guido Parra , spook , riding around under the cover of night , the headlight of the passenger van cut as they roll through a industrial area outside town . wagner ( v.o. ) Attorney General Gustavo De greif , in part to fuel he own political ambition and embarrass gaviria 's regime , have be secretly negotiate for Pablo 's return to prison ... the van pull to a stop and a tentative De greif step out with Parra . stand in the shadow await they , be Pablo . CUT back to : wagner ... and that absolutely cannot happen . busby turn to jacoby . busby Major , as far as operation , where do we stand ? jacoby centra-spike be be bring back in - country and Delta 's be attempt to liaison with Colonel pinzon , but we have not be have much luck . busby which mean what ? jacoby he be not as available to we as Colonel martinez be sir ... or as commit . be there any chance the Colonel could get involved with the manhunt agai -- busby -- no . they do not want martinez anywhere near this ... how long do you think it will take to locate Pablo once centra - spike be up ? jacoby well , he know we be tracking he call , so until he decide to come back on the air ... transition to : int . panel van ( jacoby' transport ) - day ( present ) jacoby , present day , piss . static and distortion emit from the speaker ... white noise , signify nothing ... jacoby ( v.o. ) ...he 's a ghost . super : " " medellin , colombia . December 2 , 1993 . 1:39 pm . " ... Pablo have leave the air . a title fade up on - screen , lower - third : " endgame part VI " int . mercede van - continuous ( present ) _ Hugo Jr. , stare at a empty display . int / ext . helicopter - continuous ( present ) the Colonel step off the chopper and into a armored suburban , speak directly to Hugo Jr. colonel martinez he 's angry . he want to talk . wait. hugo JR . that 's all we can do . ( beat , into headset ) Alpha , he 's do this before , tell he son he be leave the air and switch over to shortwave . int . beechcraft - continuous ( present ) Robertson and he centra-spike tech scan radio frequency . robertson we be scrubbing now . Range be 120 to 140 megahertz and we have to scan the whole range ... so stand by ... then , activity . blip . signal . random telemetry reading start to cycle slowly ... voice , garble , clipped . Robertson sit up in he chair ... please God let this be he . interviewer ( v.o. ) ... we have a special guest call in and give he circumstance , I want to thank he for join we . senor Pablo escobar . Robertson 's grimace go shit-eate grin . robertson tango be back on - AIR ! int . radio cadena nacional studio - night ( past ) emilio vega , 30' , colombian radio personality , sit inside a sound - proof booth , speak with the fugitive Pablo escobar . super : " July , 1993 . five month after Pablo 's escape . " pablo ( o.s. ) thank you for have I on emilio . emilio vega no one have hear from you since you escape . can you tell we listener about the event of that evening ? montage-intercut jacoby and Delta mobilize . support staff and peripheral command appear much larger than in the previous manhunt . pablo ( v.o. ) the colombian government violate its agreement with I and launch a unprovoke attack on the prison ... Hugo Jr. and search - bloc grab up they gear and race out to the van . once inside , radio be tune to Pablo 's interview . pablo ( v.o. ) ... I have no choice but to flee for my life ... and now I have no other desire than to return and serve out the remainder of my prison term . Robertson and centra-spike board the beechcraft . int . radio cadena nacional studio - continuous ( past ) emilio vega hold a printout in he hand . emilio vega I would like to read a statement that be receive over the wire today . ( beat , begin read ) we , the extradictable declare that if anything should happen to Pablo escobar between now and he return to prison , we will hold President gaviria personally responsible ... montage-intercut gaviria listen to the interview from inside the fifth - floor embassy vault with busby , toft , pardo and other . emilo vega ( v.o. ) ... and we will exact revenge . we will plant bomb at the U.S. embassy and at the presidential palace and create a death list of high -ranking official both colombian and american . the camera settles on Bill wagner , the faintest hint of a smile on he face ... this be exactly what he want to hear . int . radio cadena nacional studio - continuous ( past ) emilio vega ... senor , do you author this letter ? Pablo , in disguise , on one cellphone while dial another . pablo ( o.s. ) no . but I support that patriot who feel they must go to such extreme to ensure that justice be upheld . int . taxi - night ( past ) the taxi stop . Pablo disembark , drop the cellphone , still connect to the radio station onto the backseat . int . radio cadena nacional studio - continuous ( past ) a show producer signal vega , who punch another line and reconnect Pablo ... not let on that he have leave the air . emilio vega senor escobar , with a two and half billion dollar bounty on you head you have once again become the most seek after man in the world ... ext . medellin STREET - night ( past ) the original taxi Pablo occupy be box in by cnp cruiser and force to the curb . armed officer surround the vehicle , haul the stunne cabbie out and put he prone . emilio vega ( v.o. ) ... the colombian authority , U.S. special force , dea agent , the cali cartel , deserter of you organization , there seem no end to you list of enemy and pursuer . ... whom do you fear the most ? a cnp officer discover the cellphone in the backseat ... the camera tilt down , revealing : a bomb , sit under the seat itself . int . taxi - night ( past ) a explosion rock close . a huge telltale black plume mushroom through the rear window of the retreate taxi . Pablo glance back . pablo none of they ... it be they who should fear I . with that , he toss the cellphone out the window . ext . lino pinzone residence - night ( past ) Hugo Jr. beat on a door , jacoby stand behind he . a haughty , annoyed Colonel pinzon appear in a silk bathrobe and pajamas . lino pinzon Lieutenant , do you own a watch ? hugo JR . Colonel , sir , I apologize about the hour , but we believe we have locate escobar in tres equinas and we would like to move on he immediately . lino pinzon where do this information come from ? hugo JR . I be not at liberty to disclose that . lino pinzon dozen of lead be report daily . what make this one worth act on ? jacoby all you have to do be get you man move . that 's all we need . lino pinzon not at three a.m . Major and not when I have yet to be convinced anything will come of it . hugo JR . escobar detonate a car bomb earlier this evening and kill four officer . pinzon look ready to yawn , nodd . lino pinzon ( with condescension ) I understand this and I be sorry , but that be the risk we face . jacoby ( under he breath ) ... fuck ticket -puncher . lino pinzon I be sorry ? jacoby yeah , you be , actually . you and you little faggoty pj 's . what be it you be face exactly ? pinzon 's face twist up like he just bit into a lemon . jacoby I have never strike a officer before and I do not want to start now , but if you do not get you ass in gear and into this game , I be go to violate you person Colonel ... sir. pinzon smirk and slam he front door . jacoby respond by shoulder through it . pinzon , eye balloon as jacoby bear down on he . he backpeddle , hand up , do n't- hurt - I . lino pinzon get out of here ! there , on he coffee table , incriminate bindle of cocaine , and a cashbox load with bundle bill . jacoby see this and promptly slam pinzon 's face off the nearest wall , pin he there . Hugo Jr. , look on , aghast . jacoby ( to pinzon ) thanks for make this so easy . int . hacienda - madrid , spain - day ( past ) -- morning super : " Madrid , Spain . August , 1993 " a ringing phone , a hand descend to lift it from the cradle . the hand belong to Colonel Hugo martinez . colonel martinez hello ... someone begin speak to he ... he listen ... emotion collide ; fear , apprehension , conviction , resentment , rage . colonel martinez ... yes ...yes ... very well ... he hang up ... moment pass . he move like a man underwater . adrianna appear , smile , tan , fresh from they garden . adrianna ... who be that ? the Colonel say nothing , sit . adrianna ... be everything alright ? he look at she in a way that make she understand all at once . she go to he . he pull she close , hold she ... colonel martinez I have a hour ... a plane be come . adrianna we be here now Hugo , we child be happy , why would you ever return -- colonel martinez -- he force we from we we home and from we we family ... and as long as he roam free , none of that will ever be safe again . ( long pause , then ) what have to be do , I will do . but I will not expose you and the child to that again ... or to I . ( beat , understanding something deep within ) and both will be worse this time . adrianna hold she husband as you would the condemn . adrianna ... do not come back to we that way . the Colonel look at she , everything right there in he eye . colonel martinez ... if I do not succeed , and stop he ... I will not come back at all . ext . bogota bookstore - day ( past ) a news stand front a busy bookstore in downtown bogota . shopper mull the rack and venture inside the store with they child to pick up book for the upcoming school year . super : bogota , colombia . September , 1993 " on nearly every daily paper , headline trumpet : " extradition ban overturned " and " treaty with U.S. reinstated . " the camera settle on a newspaper dispenser : what happen in the span of the next few second will claim twenty - one innocent life and wound another seventy people as two -hundre pound of tnt be detonate within the store . the newspaper dispenser be violently blown out of frame , the camera whip pan to follow it . revealing : the shattered reflection of a department store window across the street ; people staggering from the blast bookstore , miss limb , scream , pitch black smoke pour forth into the street . Pablo have reintroduce he reign of terror with a act as brazen and bold as it be cowardly . Public sentiment will never again be sway ... there will be no return from this . ext . bookstore bomb site - day - later ( past ) enshroud body , the pavement be a acrid black , gouge up , rip apart , the force of the blast be evident everywhere . a embassy car slalom up and Colonel martinez step out . he greet familiar face with a grim nod , badging in and make he way past the security cordon . President gaviria be issue a impromptu address to reporter . gaviria ...by the cowardly act that claim the life of innocent child here today . ( beat , with conviction ) I have authorize the increase in bounty to five billion peso for the apprehension of the fugitive Pablo escobar and I will dedicate myself and all the might that be at my disposal , to that task . he be now we country 's great live enemy ... the Colonel continue on through this morass of madness : past emt 's tend to the mortally wounded . past devastate family member and fire fighter , openly weep , unable to contain they emotion . ambassador busby be on hand , surveying the carnage , as be justice Minister pardo . both look deject , dismal . the trio commiserate over the clamor of shout and siren . Bill wagner appear , approach the Colonel , introduce himself . the Colonel follow he to a nearby embassy vehicle . int . vehicle - same ( past ) they climb in , sit opposite one another . a beat , then : wagner I see a child 's arm in the gutter today ... and I think , I be gonna help kill that sonofabitch if it 's the last thing I do . colonel martinez there will be more of this Mr. wagner . the fight will not be clean . wagner I do not deal in clean Colonel . that 's why they send I down . you know Pablo be famous for say he would prefer " a tomb in colombia " over a jail cell in the United States . ( beat ) I be here to help make that happen . wagner hand the Colonel a familiar black binder . wagner now I want you to picture a mountain , with Pablo , stand at the top ... ext . national cemetery - bogota - day ( past ) the Colonel , head bow , before dozen of grave : search - bloc officer , slain in the line of duty . headstone be adorn with wreathes and personal affect , memento and reminder of life and love ... now symbol of loss . there be a deep , profound sadness in the Colonel . Hugo Jr. find he father there . the two greet one another with a huge embrace . colonel martinez I be glad to see you boy . hugo JR . everyone be hope you would be back . ( beat , break embrace ) we can get he dad -- colonel martinez -- we will get he . as much as we have forsaken . ( look around ) as far as this have go . Father and Son turn and start walk out of the cemetery . colonel martinez but how we fight before will not work . this time it will not just be escobar we be target , but everyone who work for he . everyone who shelter he , protect he , plant bomb for he . all should be consider target . ( cold as ice ) nothing he love will be safe . Hugo Jr. , take in by he father 's near fervent conviction . colonel martinez you feel good about you training ? hugo JR . I do . it 's still touch and go but I have get better with the equipment . colonel martinez good ... because you be go to help I find every last one of they . smash CUT to : int . medellin HOTEL - day ( past ) popeye , sweat - soak , feral , frantic , fumble the reload on a .44 Magnum . search - bloc officer storm in . popeye squeeze out a window , fall to a fire escape below . more cop await he . he 's pin . it 's pointless . he fire the gun dry -- popeye --fucking putas ! I fuck you all ! ext . alley - moment later ( past ) popeye lie in a contort heap , bone break in a fall that do not claim he life ... the bullet between he eye take care of that . jacoby stand over he . the Colonel be nearby . jacoby pretty amazing shoot for a gunfight ... right between the eye . colonel martinez this be how table be turn Major . montage search - bloc raid resume as Gustavo Mesa , stalwart escobar sicario , be cut down in another brutal , one - sided gun battle with search - bloc during a day raid in a small restaurant . Mesa , already horribly wounded , realize he 's trap , box in , as diner rush past he , evacuate the restaurant , leave he alone with the advance search - bloc officer . mesa stop ! stop ! please , I be wounded ... Mesa get down on he knee , put both hand on top of he head in anticipation of handcuffs as a unexpected volley of gunshot suddenly rip into he , kill the sicario in cold blood . he pitch forward , hit the floor , dead . flash CUT to : hernan henao , another escobar flunkie , run for he life , gun in hand , parting pedestrian traffic fast . henao move ! move ! move ! search - bloc be hot on he ass , a suv swerve in , hop the sidewalk and ram into he , the brunt impact careen he off a wall . he scream , he leg a mangle knot beneath he . the Colonel step from the car , a 'mm Glock in hand , walk slowly toward the writhe henao . int . guido parra' residence - night ( past ) Parra , on the phone to he panicked client , El Doctor . Pablo 's rant have grow more and more disconnect , scattershot , as if he be lash out at everything all at once . parra I know you be angry , but we must allow time for De greif to reintroduce you offer of surrender . intercut int . finca - same ( past ) Pablo , in a filthy one room dwelling , pot smoke wafting , the billionaire drug baron barefoot in old jeans and a bathrobe . pablo gaviria raise he bounty ? have martinez execute my man !? I will up the price on every cop kill to a billion peso ! I will escalate this until they beg for fuck mercy ! Parra , write , take dictation from a lunatic . he do not see the dark shape move across the room behind he . parra I will speak to De grief in the morning and demand that he go to the press with he allegation against Colonel martinez and file charge ag -- Parra be suddenly grab , arm pin , cinched with flex - cuff , he mouth stuff with a gag , he eye go wide with shock as he blink up at he assailant , issue muffle plea for mercy from beneath the rag in he mouth . pablo ( v.o. ) ( from the receiver ) guido ... guido ... the phone be lift , a ski-mask man whisper to Pablo . ski - mask ... soon. ext . guido parra' residence - night ( past ) Parra , kick and scream down the driveway . his assailant shackle he arm to the axle of a van , which roar off down the street , drag he down the street . it brake . the driver leap out and shoot a half - dead Parra in the head . the driver be hold something , which he lean down and slip over the head of Parra before leaping back into the van and speed off . the camera track in : hung around Parra 's neck be a sign that read : " for work for the narco - terrorist and the murderer of child , Pablo escobar . for all of colombia . los pepe " int . congressional auditorium - bogota - day ( past ) justice Minister pardo address the media . on a video projector , behind pardo , be a closer image of the ' pepe ' sign strung around Parra 's neck . super : " bogota , colombia . October , 1993 " justice minister pardo " Los pepe " be a acronym for " people persecute by Pablo escobar . " and they be from what we have be able to gather , a civilian militia of some kind . in a statement issue today , Los pepe have vow to quote " retaliate each time Pablo commit a terrorist act which injure or kill innocent people " ( beat , read on ) last night , in addition to claim credit for the death of attorney guido Parra , the pepe take responsibility for the burn of three escobar own business and the destruction of a hangar hold a collection of rare automobile ... we see project photo of the Pablo property torch by Los pepe . justice minister pardo ( set brief aside ) we cannot and will not condone this type of lawlessness and vigilantism and we demand that this group disband and cease any further violent action . pardo be besiege by reporter question . reporter # 2 do you have any idea who be behind Los pepe ? justice minister pardo potentially thousand . take you pick . cartel member he 's betrayed , or try to kill . the family of that he 's murder or kidnap . escobar have no shortage of enemy . reporter # 3 Attorney General De greif have be work out a deal that would return Pablo to prison . do Los pepe threaten that arrangement ? justice minister pardo they will if they keep kill he lawyer . someone yell " they might be onto something ! " and raucous laughter rip through the auditorium . pardo stifles a smile . justice minister pardo that 's all I have time for today , thank you everyone for attend . Reporters lunge and jostle , still shouting question . int . carlo holguin school - day ( past ) jacoby sit in the bunkhouse with Robertson and toft . robertson any call make to or from escobar 's people that we lock up , we then log if they be not action . the location coordinate be record and keep in a red binder - ( point to a table ) - right over there , for reference . ( beat for emphasis ) that binder go miss last week . toft show photo of a slain man , wear a " pepe " sign . toft this be Diego Perez , ex-embassy employee , get clipped two day back . Santos and I make this guy as a mole for the medellin cartel year ago ... flash CUT to : Diego Perez , the man who be try to take photo earlier in the film . he have he camera take by toft. argue . toft ( v.o. ) ... back when gaviria be still run for president . CUT back to scene : jacoby so he be snitching for Pablo and the pepe get to he . toft shake he head " no . " robertson in the back of that same red binder be a list of confidential informant . so if they be involved in a phone call , we know they be we c.i. 's and would not waste time chase them . jacoby I do not understand . toft ( point to photo ) after Santos and I oute Perez he " turn " to avoid a prison sentence . he be we snitch . ( let this settle ) he be work for we Steve . robertson if you be read that binder and do not know any better , he would just look like another know associate of escobar 's ... one of he people . jacoby look from Robertson to toft , big concern brewing . toft rodrigo ospera , the cartel member who go up to Washington and have he meet and greet at the CIA . this be a excerpt from a sit-down he have at dea headquarters a day later . ( read ) " the only realistic solution be a brigade of freedom fighter , control by certain individual interest and independent of colombian politician , police or army . there be a great number of colombian citizen from all walk of life who would be willing to assist , support and even finance such a endeavor . " flash CUT to : guido Parra , lash to the back of the van , dead . a ski-mask gunman pull he mask off , revealing rodrigo ospera . CUT back to scene : toft I find this on martinez 's desk . jacoby how ? robertson we break in . jacoby sigh , oh-shit , press he thumb to he temple . jacoby so martinez get a copy of the briefing . toft no ... this be my copy ... guess what else I find ? toft toss a red binder up onto the table in front of jacoby . toft that be in he desk . beat . jacoby look at the binder . jacoby so , call it ... the Colonel be work with Los pepe . be that the think ? robertson that 's what it look like . jacoby no , fuck what it look like rip , I want to know you opinion , because this be monstrous in what it mean -- robertson -- if I be provide intelligence , that 's then be leak to a vigilante group , so they can go out and murder Pablo 's lawyer and aunt and uncle and fuck parakeet and the commander of search - bloc be moonlight for them ? then I get a problem and yeah ... I think he be . and you know he be ! shit man , you have basically be cheer he on -- jacoby -- we be talk about cold - blooded murder now -- robertson -- you have no problem with what search bloc be do -- jacoby -- yeah , hunt and kill , killer . give I a fuck break , there 's a big distinction in my book , between that and they whack a bunch of lawyer and accountant ! toft this debate be pointless gent . if word reach D.C. that we be co-opt a death squad , it will not matter . the hit and run congress will do on this op , overnight will leave we all outta work . we stay on jacoby , deep consternation , what - to-do ... gaviria ( v.o. ) " this massacre by Los pepe continue unabate and without end ... dissolve to : int . presidential palace - day ( past ) gaviria read a personal letter from Pablo himself . gaviria why have you not denounce this group ? why have no reward be offer for they ? no one pursue they , burn they home , confiscate they asset or terrorize they relative ... int . finca - night ( past ) Pablo , smoking , scribbling he missive to gaviria . we replace gaviria 's voice with he ... pablo ( v.o. ) .. they have kidnap and kill sixteen member of my extend family , countless attorney , advisor and close friend . they list of target narrow while you sit idly by ... CUT back to scene : gaviria conclude the letter . pablo ( v.o. ) ... I remain dispose to turn myself in give write and public guarantee ... " Pablo . gaviria look over at pardo , who be sit across from he . gaviria what do you think ? pardo ... I think that maybe for the first time in he life ... he 's scared . gaviria ball up the letter , drop it in the trash . gaviria ... so do i. montage hermilida escobar , outside she home , argue with reporter when machine - gun pop from a pass car . molotov cocktail follow , lob in , explode , burn . flash CUT to : Roberto escobar , on the street , shuffle along in disguise . a van trail he . the door slide open as two ski-mask man rush Roberto , stick shiv into he and discharge a pistol into he back , lodging bullet in he spine . escobar flail , fall , scream . they toss a sign down on the ground next he : " what do you think of the game now Pablo ? pepe " intercut Pablo , increasingly desperate , despondent . his world crumble . limitless wealth and power a thing of the past . he 's on the phone to he wife , try to calm she . behind Pablo , a handful of loyalist wrap stick - dynamite with duct - tape and load the bundle into backpack . behind Maria Victoria , we see Juan Pablo and manuela pack they belonging into bag and the staff collect luggage . maria victoria you people be die ! you brother be a cripple ! the pepe almost kill you mother ! pablo I can not cede this fight Maria ! maria victoria and you can not win it either ! this be no longer a battle Pablo ! it 's borrow time . you enemy will find and kill you ... there be nothing leave ! the newsmen call you a terrorist , you blow up airplane and book store . they say you be a mass murderer ! pablo the poor do not fly on plane , the illiterate can not read ... this be the colombia I fight for . I be they only protector ... maria victoria ... if only you believe that as much as you say you do ... int . embassy - fifth floor vault - meeting room - day ( past ) Bill wagner , the picture of poise and calm as busby and NSA director anthoy Lake grill he about the sudden appearance of pepe . justice Minister pardo be present for this q&a . super : " bogota , colombia . November , 1993 " busby it 's not lose on anyone , you arrival here coincide so closely with the appearance of Los pepe . wagner Pablo be on the rope . the method implement to put he there seem of little consequence at the moment . lake the blowback we be about to experience as a result of unsanction covert action , be of great consequence at this very second . Washington be go to start ask for scalp Bill , so if something be go on that we need to be make aware of , make we aware . wagner it seem a coalition of citizen have rally to form this group . and that be as much as I want to or be willing to comment on Los pepe . busby be ' Los pepe ' a CIA - sponsor unit ? wagner I have nothing more to say on thi -- -- a aide knock abruptly , stick he head in , interrupt -- aide -- Pablo 's try to fly he family out of the country ! int . EL dorado airport - bogota - day ( past ) toft and Santos , at the airport , keep a low profile , shadow Pablo 's family as they move under heavy guard to avianca 's tickete counter . toft be on the phone to busby . intercut toft it 's a lufthansa flight to Frankfurt , Germany . if he get they safely out of the colombia , away from the pepe , he will be free to go ripshit riot on the whole country , all over again . busby who 's protect they ? the family ? Santos snap photo as a chubby Juan Pablo threaten the horde of reporter crowd in . Attorney General De greif be on hand to expedite the family 's flight from colombia . toft Security detachment from the Attorney General 's office ... De greif be here . busby gaviria 's go to be furious . ( cup phone , to pardo ) can you deny they travel visa ? pardo if they have valid passport , we can not prevent they from travel . busby , scramble for last second solution . busby wait ... how old be escobar 's kid ? do not they have to be over eighteen to travel without both parent ? pardo , a broad grin ... they might have them . pardo that 's true . busby good . I will contact the german consulate to have they entrance block . get a press release ready . if Pablo want to get he kid out of the country , he have to show up , with he wife , at the airport and put them on the plane himself . int . finca - day ( past ) Pablo , on the phone , in rare form ; perfectly furious . a seldom see froth rage as he attempt to get gaviria on the line . pablo tell gaviria , if he do not grant my family passage out of this country , then I will bomb the german embassy and have every german citizen in medellin and the rest of colombia kill !! get he on the line now !! int . presidential palace - day ( past ) gaviria , already on the phone to pardo , receive word of De greif 's deception as a presidential aide enter , panicked . aide Pablo escobar be on line one . gaviria ( matter of fact ) hang up on he . and have Colonel martinez and search - bloc dispatch to El dorado airport at once . int . EL dorado airport - bogota - later ( past ) Colonel martinez and search - bloc march in and descend on the escobar family , clash with De greif and he staff . toft ( into phone ) gaviria send martinez ... fantastic . Pablo 's family be herde in . De greif be livid . Juan Pablo shove a member of security as the family be lead through a restrict access exit out of the airport . toft they be leave ... intercut busby we be go to have they transfer to the Hotel tequendama in medellin and confine there ... transition to : ext . tequendama HOTEL - day ( present ) the Hotel , in the distance , shot through the windshield of a move vehicle . the camera whip around to reveal . Hugo Jr. , study the gray box , signal peak ... Pablo close . busby ( v.o. ) ... it 's close to Pablo 's last know location ... a title fade up on - screen , lower - third : " endgame part VII " CUT to : int . apartment - rural medellin - day ( present ) Pablo sit before a short - wave radio , speak to he son . super : " December 2 , 1993 . 1:24 pm . " pablo call the Attorney General 's office again . tell he I want to surrender in large part because I believe that martinez have a vendetta against I and be desperate to end my life as he have the life of so many colombian Pablo hear a key be insert into the apartment door , grab a .45 automatic off a nearby table , spin back , take aim as limon walk in , carry grocery . juan pablo ( o.s. ) why can not De grief stop search - bloc ? int . suburban - continuous ( present ) the Colonel , listen in as they vehicle rocket across medellin in a effort to meet up with the assault force . pablo ( v.o. ) because that unit be lawless and corrupt and lead by that sonofabitch martinez ... int . panel van - continuous ( present ) jacoby and the Delta Operators peer out the van 's small slit-style window . jacoby recognize the pass neighborhood . jacoby Los olivo . we have track he here more than once . Pablo 's conversation with he son crackle over the speaker . juan pablo ( v.o. ) ... poppa , will we see you soon ? pablo ( v.o. ) I hope so son ... we be work on it . int . beechcraft - continuous ( present ) Robertson and the centra-spike tech sweat bucket , precious second fleeting fast as they try to fix Pablo 's coordinate . pablo ( v.o. ) I have to get off the line now boy . you and manuela go out on the patio and use the telescope . I will wave to you . int . apartment - rural medellin - continuous ( present ) Pablo power down the short - wave , cut the transmission . int . mercede van - continuous ( present ) Hugo Jr. , look on in anger as Pablo once again disappear . hugo jr. goddamit ! Alpha , we lose he ! int . beechcraft - continuous ( past ) Robertson , confirm the last lock coordinate . robertson bravo - Charlie , he 's gotta be close , you be less than a hundred yard from target ! he 's there somewhere ! int . panel van - continuous ( present ) jacoby scramble to the front of the van , look out . jacoby ( to other Operators ) eye on ! eye on ! everyone gaze out the side window , look , look ... int / ext . apartment - rural medellin - continuous ( present ) Pablo step out onto the balcony , retrieve he flip -flops . he look off in the direction of the tequendama hotel . ext . HOTEL tequendama - continuous ( present ) manuela and Juan Pablo take turn at the telescope , wave down to they father , mile away in the city below . int . mercede van - continuous ( same ) Hugo Jr. , frustrated , dump the gray box and turn he attention to the two-story row house they be pass . he find focus , scan , assess movement and detail , split- second determination be be make ... it 's now or never . then , a shape , tuck into the shadow of a small second story balcony : a heavy man , beard , long black hair , he hand in the air . Hugo see he face for less than a second ... it assemble in he head , feature distinguish , sharpen . a sudden chill seize he , the hair on the back of he neck bristle ... that be him . hugo jr. stop. ( softly , to Driver ) that be Pablo . this simple word land with seismic-like resound as each of we character react to what they have just hear . mutual , momentary bewilderment ... my God , we have finally find he . hugo JR . I have visual on tango ! Los olivo ! he 's in a two -story yellow house on the south side of the street ! intercutting the Colonel . colonel martinez ( hard into he headset ) cordon the block ! all available force , respond ! jacoby . jacoby ( to he operator ) no contact unless engage ! I be eagle 's nest & will direct fire down ! Robertson . robertson ( to tech , pilot ) get we on the deck right now ! find a airstrip close ! have the embassy clear we for a emergency landing ! ext . balcony - continuous ( present ) Pablo be oblivious to the white van pass below . he 's stoop over he own telescope , wave up at he kid . int / ext . mercede van - continuous ( present ) Hugo Jr. direct the convoy , all of it happen at lightspeed hugo JR . turn right at the next street ! the Driver veer around the corner and stop . Hugo Jr. hop out , weapon up , sprinting down the alley behind Pablo 's home . other van pull into the alley from the opposite end : a dozen search - bloc officer deploy from they , mad dash . meanwhile , Murphy , hastings and the rest of the Delta Operators coordinate tactically around the front of the home , establish clean line - of - sight and field - of - fire . int . apartment - rural medellin - continuous ( present ) Pablo step back inside , unaware of what 's transpire below . limon be at the stove , cooking . he offer Pablo a light joint . Pablo wave he off and lie down on the couch , exhaust . int . stairwell - continuous ( present ) jackboot ascend , troops lung up step , blood lust and bad intent . search - bloc hit Pablo 's hideout door at full stride , shearing it clean , spilling inside , shouting command . Pablo bolt up , he and limon break for the upper floor . gunfire explode , officer squeezing off full - auto , strafing plaster , punch fist-size hole in the ceiling . int / ext . apartment - continuous ( present ) limon open the window lead onto the roof , he and Pablo blast back at search - bloc troops behind they . limon climb out , limp in a kind of sloppy sprint . the officer array on the ground loose torrent of gunfire up at he . he try to leap across a expanse of roof when a headshot take he off , mid-flight , a vaporize ribbon of blood suspend beautifully , hang there in the midday sun as limon plummet to the alley below , crash down dead . Pablo be next out , fire he gun dry , scream back inside . pablo cop ! motherfuckers ! he can not see limon , opt for another route , run across the terra-cotta tile barefoot , drop down onto a lower roof , roll - up jeans unfurl with the effort , impede he progress , he pull at they , fumble for a reload on the ground Hugo Jr. , racing along adjacent to the roof , can not see Pablo . hugo JR . no visual on tango ! hastings leap onto park vehicle , try to see the roof . hasting he's on the back side of the building ! Murphy hustle around the building to pick up a visual . hasting no eye on tango ! who have !? who have ! on the roof Pablo , deplete physical form run on a razor - sharp instinct , put distance on he pursuer . on the roof ( apartment ) search - bloc officer clamber out ... no sign of El Doctor . the HOTEL tequendama Juan Pablo have hear the gunfire and lean into the telescope to investigate . his sister manuela play contentedly with she doll on the patio floor behind he , blissfully unaware . on the ground failure on the fringe , everybody feel it -- where be he !?? search-bloc-delta-cnp , shouts-confusion-frantic-frenzied-fucked ... Pablo go ghost every second he stay unseen . on the roof Pablo , move like he mean it : a fat man fresh out of tomorrow . he land on another roof , keep run , look as though he might lose the pursuit altogether ... and then he knee literally explode from under he , like a blow tire . Pablo plow into the tile , a exit wound issue hydrant of blood below the kneecap . shock cancel pain , a temporary reprieve when much larger hurt loom . footfall come fast across the tile ... pursuer close on he position . he try to stand - can not - he leg refuse to cooperate . on adjacent roof jacoby , binocular up , watch as Pablo struggle to stand . jacoby ( into headset ) tango down . repeat . tango be down . he lower the binocular , shrug he weapon shoulder - strap upward , then slowly bend down ... and retrieve a spend shell case from the ground , tucking it firmly into pocket . we never see he use he rifle , or take the shot .. and we will never really know ... on the roof Pablo 's pursuit have arrive , fan out around he . a huge number of troops , they weapon train , tentatively surround the most notorious criminal in colombian history . Pablo stop struggle ... doom bring a odd , inevitable calm . the HOTEL tequendama Juan Pablo watch in abject horror as he father , wounded and cornere , quietly await he fate . he turn back from the telescope and see he mother stand there . she see it she son 's face and know she husband be never come home . on the roof Hugo Jr. , appear , a expression of both euphoria and fear . his gun be draw as he approach the down drug baron . Pablo see the pistol in Hugo Jr 's hand ... he make no last second plea for forgiveness , nor do he beg for he life . he simply lie he head back on the tile and gaze up at the sky , catch sight of a flock of gull hang on the thermal , high above . then , everything go gray , the sunlight fall away under cloud cover and take the warmth with it ... Heaven hold no greeting for Pablo . on the ground the Colonel rush to a ladder lead up to the roof . on the roof Hugo Jr. stand overtop of Pablo , aim the gun down . Pablo turn himself toward the Hotel tequendama in the distance . the HOTEL tequendama Juan Pablo stare at he father ... the two lock eye through the telescope ... and Pablo blow he son a kiss goodbye . Maria Victoria draw she boy away from the telescope and hold he as a single gunshot echoe across the horizon ... shot of the CITY ... all of medellin go still with it . time suspend , fugue state ... as if every live thing be hold its breath . we find a lone face ... the Colonel 's , stand on that roof . his eye close slowly ... then , a voice cry out from the void , word that seem to carry out across the entire city ... voice viva colombia ! escobar be dead ! gunfire as fanfare , burst of automatic weapon from search - bloc signal a end to the year long manhunt . a eruption of shout and car horn commence as citizen hear the news . all the day and month and life spend , pursue Pablo . all of the innocent life lose , the family tear apart , the endless bloodsh , culminate now in the most rouse public celebration of death anyone be likely to see in they lifetime . montage phone start ringing from bogota to Washington D.C. we see toft , in the fifth - floor embassy , drop the receiver and rush out into the main hallway : toft they got he ! escobar be dead ! a wave of cheer and celebratory whoops sound . we see busby , in D.C. receive the news in the midst of a staff meeting . he react aloud to the news . busby ( to the room ) pablo' dead ! we see gaviria and pardo be brace by dozen of aide . everyone embrace as they receive word of Pablo 's demise . the battle be over ... the burden lift . gaviria find a quiet corner , sit down ... and let the moment overwhelm he . in the street Word move across the country like a shot . celebration spill into the street . jubilation take the form of dance and tear of joy . Pablo 's reign of terror be finally over . on a television media outlet break into regular programming to announce the death of El Doctor . image of celebration abound as colombian society rejoice the toppling of a true tyrant : a force once think unstoppable , now lay dead on a rooftop in medellin . the television be turn off . in the reflection of the empty screen sit Maria Victoria and the kid , she be now a widow , and she two child fatherless . the camera pan around ... ... she sit with manuela in she lap . Juan Pablo lean against she , look utterly lose . alone with they sorrow , they grief inconsequential to the rest of the world , they be alone ... no one weep for they now ... and no one ever will . on the roof a shake Hugo Jr. , be embrace by he father , try to fight tear , but unable to . the Colonel whisper to he boy , word we cannot discern from this distance . jacoby witness the moment between the two . in the background search - bloc officer and cnp troops pose over Pablo 's corpse like big-game hunter show off a trophy kill . Delta stand by , regard jacoby . he nod he consent and the man pull camera from they gear bag to take snapshot . Hugo Jr. approach , he and jacoby hug . jacoby what do I tell you ...? Hugo Jr. , nod ... no more word , just a job well do . he be sweep up by he comrade . the Colonel motion jacoby over . colonel martinez ... will you be go home now Major ? jacoby I will . to my family ... and you ? the Colonel consider a future fill with doubt ... colonel martinez who can say ... deal be strike here . the faustian sort . I will not seek forgiveness or offer apology . jacoby I would not either . it 's do . how it get so be a matter for historian . not for that who fight it . the Colonel look squarely at jacoby , who extend he hand . jacoby it 's be a honor sir . thank you . the Colonel shake , pull he into a embrace , brush the barrel of jacoby 's ar - 15 . find it warm to the touch ... he look at jacoby , then place he hand over the pocket contain the spend shell on jacoby 's chest ... a wink , a know nod . a soldier 's share secret . the Colonel depart . jacoby look after he , grin . he sit on he helmet , take a load off . Robertson appear on the roof . jacoby where the hell 's the plane ? robertson ( squat next to jacoby ) put it down on a freeway about a mile from here . think I would miss this ? jacoby laugh . the two sit quietly , until ; robertson ... so ? how you feel ? jacoby good. great ... it all work out . robertson yeah , we get he . I do not know what it 's ultimately worth , but ... jacoby ... do not piss this down . robertson I be not . jacoby sound like it . robertson I do not know , in the end , maybe this get that asshole Bush re-elect . some politician get to preen . jacoby rip , we stop a really bad guy from do really bad shit . we do we thing and do it beautifully . Robertson , he gaze move to Pablo 's dead body . robertson ... a lot of people love he y'know ... jacoby not the one he kill ... and not I . what we do and we reason for do them be righteous ... I will go out on that . ( beat ) now I just want to go home . robertson brother , you and I both . jacoby and Robertson look on as they man pose around Pablo . flashbulb fire , everyone arm-over - shoulder , big smile and thumb - up to commemorate the moment . freeze frame ... the camera push in . the man , the photo : triumphant . exultant . ageless ... fade to black fade up on : documentary footage of escobar 's funeral play under the prologue and end credit . thousands of mourner trail the casket through the street . the outpour of grief be astonish consider what he put the country through : Pablo , love or revile , remain a legend unlike any other . character prologue cesar gaviria - stepped down as President of colombia after he term conclude and become General Secretary of the Organization of american States . morris busby - now retire from the State Department . he still work as a consultant for several government agency . he currently reside in Virginia . eduardo mendoza - after leave colombia in shame , mendoza move to New York and be offer a scholarship at Yale , where he earn he master 's Degree . he now work as a lawyer for he old friend Cesar gaviria at the Organization of american States . joe toft - he predict what ultimately come to pass : the colombian government 's rampant corruption as a result of be tie to the drug cartel . before resign from the dea , toft go on bogota television to accuse ernesto samper , gaviria 's successor of be in the pocket of the cali cartel . tape surface that authenticate toft 's claim , tie a 3.5 million dollar campaign donation to samper , back to the cali cartel . toft now life in reno , nevada . hugo martinez JR . - after serve as a Captain and Station Commander in the city of manizale , colombia , Hugo Jr. return to bogota to rejoin he old electronic-surveillance unit . he currently reside there . colonel martinez - after Pablo 's death , the Colonel bring some of escobar 's personal item home as souvenir . his young son Gustavo be root through one of the bag contain this item when a small handgun , belong to Pablo , discharge and nearly kill the boy , graze , but not seriously injure he . to the Colonel , it be as if Pablo have take one last shot at he and he family from the grave . the Colonel be subsequently promote to General and spend time in Washington as military attach to the colombian embassy before finally retire . to this day , he deny ever be involved with Los pepe , call they a " distraction " and a " nuisance . " he be never formally charge for conspire with this group ... he now life on a small farm in mosquera , colombia . the escobar family - after repeat attempt to flee colombia , the family finally find refuge in Buenos Aires , where they live quietly until they arrest in 2000 . Maria Victoria and Juan Pablo be face charge of conspiracy and money - launder . they also face possible deportation back to colombia . Pablo 's brother Roberto survive a stint in prison and now life in Canada . he have write a book about he brother entitle " mi hermano Pablo " they mother hermilida still life in colombia and hold a weekly mass for she son . to this day , it draw thousand of mourner a week , more than fifteen year after Pablo 's death . all other character information tbd the end