ww / eZ tran world entertainment killer klowns from outer space killer klowns by Charles chiodo and Stephen chiodo revise April 7 , 1987 all rights reserve tran world entertainment fade in : ext . romdside overlook ~ night a couple be sit in the front seat of a car , they appear to be make out , passionately . we move closer and see catry , fight off she drunken boyfriend joe lombardo . she try to slap he , but he stop she and kick she out of the car . joe tf wou do not like it , get out and walk , Joe close the door and start the car . cathy go ahead , get out of here . I do not want to drive with a drunken bum like you anyway . Joe peel out , kick dirt and dust on Cathy . she curse under she breath as he leave she in the darkness . in the distance behind she ; a pair of headlight appear and move forward . Cathy turn and see the light approach . ext . mountain road ~ night Joe be drive sow a wind mountainous raad , negotiate the precarious curve recklessly . he 1s slightly intoxicate . Joe light up a cigarette and continue he sioppy drive . feom the darkness behind hima pair of headlight appear . they loom up very quickly and begin to flash . Joe get annoyed and speed up . the headlight speed up ana tailgate threateningly clase . Joe wave the mysterious driver to pass . instead the driver speed up and ram Joe in the rear . joe hey , what the hell you doin’ man ? crash !! the musterious driver rem into he again . Joe be furious and continue to wave the driver to pass . the bursuing car speed up and begin to pass . the mysterious driver be pull up along side . Joe pick up a beer bottle . he be ready , wait to see who the griver be . joe pass I now . the mysterious driver pull up along side . Joe turn and see the maniacal smiling face ef a horrible klown drive next to he . joe ohy shit ! the klown be racing alongside Joe 's car in mid - AIR with two float headlight lead the way . the klown let out a eerie laugh and begin to swerve he non-existent vehicle into Joe 's car . Joe be jarred by the impact ; narrowiy avoid drive off the road . joe hey man , what be you daing ? the klown be try to push Joe 's car off the road . panick , Joe accelerate . a high speed chase ensue , with the klown slamm he body into Joe 's car . they approach a hairpin turn above a thausand foot drop . the klown and the car be racing side by side . with a evil smile , the klown smashes into Joe , send he car careen over the edge , burst into flame as it hit the bottom . from above , the klown leak down at the fiery wreck . crange flame light up he evil face . his freeze maniacal smile open revealing a set of nasty , sharp tooth as he laugh . Main title appear ! killer klowns from outer space ext . big top burger ~ night 3 we move down from the night sky to a colorful neon sign with a happy clown face } big top burger . we move down the sign to a crowded hamburger joint with a tacky circus motif . the inside be crowded with college student talk and eat ; it 's a popular hangout . int . big top burger ~ night & Inside , officer clifford mconey a member of the local eolice force , 15 carry a cup of coffee ; slowly work he way throught the crowd of kid . + ext . big top burger — night 5 Mooney exit through the side door . he 's a forty - five wear Old Vietnam veteran with a persecution complex . abusive of he authority , he have a self - righteous attitude that make he difficult to deal with . now free from tne commation inside , he pause to sip he hot coffee . a group of student wildly run past he , cause Mooney to almost spill the hot liquid all over himself . he look back at they distainfully . Mooney set into he police car . a group of four biker rev up they bike and peel out of the parking lot . Mooney pull out , * int . police car — night é Mooney pick up the mike and calis in to the station . mooney this be Mooney call in . radic read you , what 's do cliff . mooney nothing yet Dave , but Friday night 's just start . I be head across town to the park . i’1 ] check in later . over . ext . downtown Crescent cove ~ night 7 * Mooney pull out of Big top 's parking lst and cruise through the town of cresent ( have . it 's a small seaside community with not too much happen untill the local state school , Crescent cove College , be in session . * as Mooney patrol downtown we see the street alive with cullege student , ext . intersection ~— night 8 Mooney stop at a red light . he turn and watch bob mc . devit ts a cesont gee strint with stylisn white designer glass , * cross in front of he . he be carry a brown paper bag with a couple of six pack of beer in it . as Bob pass Mooney he suspiously try to hice he parcel . bl 10 revise 4/7/87 - 4 - ext . intersection - night 9 Mooney watch he closely . the light turn green and Mooney drive off . . ext . downtown myer drug store - night 10 we follow Bob as he walk to he Ford bronco park in front of myer drug store . at the bronco he meet another male student with two co -ed . bob do you see that ? Mooney the jerk stare I down . from he bag , Bob toss a beer to he pal . bob that 's all I need to start the fall semester . let 'o get go the party 's wait . Bob hop in the front seat and drive off toward the hill outside of town . dissolve to : ext . top of the world - night il a huge harvest moon be rise over top of the World , the ' college student favorite '' lover 's lane " . the bronco drive up , honk . we follow it as it pull into a secluded overlook where a group of college kid have park to party and makeout . the music crank up . kid pile out and toss beer to they pal in other car . bob ; hey , anybody see Mike ? voice from car { 0.s.} ' yeah , I think he 's around here somewhere . we move across car after car of couple in various stage of love make . two lover be sit arm in arm on the wall . another couple be make out in they car . we move to a more secluded section of the overlook and see a red pinto station wagon . ~ wee tee i2 int . red pinto - night 12 in the front seat be mike tabacco and debbie haywood : pierce student on they first date . Mike be twenty and majore in graphic art . he a charming kind of guy , always flirt with the girl on campus . Debbie be twenty and a transfer student to Crescent cove in art a education . she 's a attractive young lady , smart , snarp and eager to experience anything new and exciting . Mike be in the micdle of kissing depbie . she be not fight he off , but she 1s the one whe break the kiss . — debbie hummmmmmm -- you have get I 4 make out like some high a school girl . ( smile ) you be really something . Mike sneak a glance at he watch . mike ( pleased with himself ) what can I say , '' we be talk for . so long , get closer and closer . } ( Mike move closer ) until gur lie be so close , they just have to meet . Mike move toward depbie , he lip pucker . they kiss . from tne radio '' I be in the mod for loe " begin to play . the DS begin to * speak over the intro} ou ( from radia ) we be go to have a change of pace here with a dedication for someone special unger the starry might sky up at top of the World . - * here 's a old time classic from Mike to Debbie . Debbie break the kiss and smile at Mike . debbie I be wonder why you keep look at you watch . pretty impressive . ) Debbie imitate Mike turn away see a shoot Debbie turn to Mike sit back mike ( innocen*®1y > — 5 - I do not know what you be talk about . Mike . debbie oh yeah I do not know what you be talk about . ( normal ) T can not wait to see what happen next . and then do a double taxe . star . mike ( excited ) oh look ! a shoot star . look but miss it . mike ccont ) Mike pretend he do you see it ? let 's make a wish . debbie {suspiciousiy ) nor I dian not . you see it . ( coax Mike on ) you make a wish . think and smile . mike humm , you know what I have wisn for ? something to top off this evening . something to make it special , a night we bath would rememper for a long time . Debbie be smile . Mike lean towards Debbie , open the glove compartment and pull out two crustal glass . he act surprise . Debbie do not know what to think . then Mike magically produce a cnill bottle of champagne and a iit candle . mike a perfect way to spend a romantic evening under tne star with you . Mike pop the champagne , and pour into Debbie 's glass . the atmosohere be complete . Debbie aware of Mike 's intention , be charme to death sy he romantic flair . debbie charm . I pet you do this with all the new co-ed . mike no , that 's not true . Mike pour the champagne into he glass . mike ( cont ) not all the new co -ed would think this be charming . they laugh and awkwardly move around in the front of the car . Debbie shift around uncomfortably ; she 's cramped . mike ( cont ) you okay ? debbie sure , just wisn I could stretch my leg . Mike 's eye widen ; smirk ; he nas another idea . mike I can fix that . he reach back , pull a cordy a curtain open and reveal a inflate rubber raft lie in the back of he car . there be heart shapeo satin pillow in raft . Debbie spit out a mouthful of champagne and crack up laugh . debbie ( amused ) you have get to be kicd I ? this be not a car , this be a sleazy adult motel on wheel . Mike start climb into the back . Debbie follow . 13 ° int . rear of red pinto - night 13 @ debbie I can not believe all this . you be crazy . ike ( defend himself ) hey» I and this raft have be through a lot tagether . they settle down into the raft . debbie I bet . mike no , I mean out in the ocean . this past summer I and my friend , the terenzi bros . go sailing on this stupid raft we buy at k - Mart . we load up with cold cut and beer and paddle a couple of mile cut to sea . suddenly , a dense fog roll in and we lest sight of ( 3 shore . the wave start toss @ , the raft around . Debbie listen intently . Mike start to toss the raft around . Debbie giggle . Mike move around more violantliy knock over the :ce bucket . mike ( seriously ) we be take on water , sc we start bail out the raft with we plastic cup . he begin to bail out the raft with a cup . mike ( cont ) well somebody , I will not say wha ... puncture the raft . tssssssss3s ' ! we be sink . we be all go to drow , if the shark do not get we first . . debbie cn ( amaze ) e what do you guy de ? bl 14 a3 revise 4/7/87 =9 — mike besides scream . not much , except I gratbe a slice of baionay and slap it on the puncture . debbie ° why baloney ? mike coz we eat all the salam : . anyway , it keep we afloat until the Coast Guard come and save we from 4 watery grave . Debbie look closer at the raft , it be cover with make — shift patch . she laugh realize the story be erobably true . debbie that sound pretty incredible , do you always have such death defy exploit , Mr. adventure ? mike they do not always start out to be death defy , but sarehow ... more chamacne ? Mike throw he hand up in the air . Mike continue , Debbie hear some faint music . she eye widen as she see ... cut to? ext . top of the World ~ night 14 come from the darkness a huge shape rise over the hill towards the Pinto . it 13 a huge clown . it 's head bob back and forth , menacingly approach the couple . the music get louder as the clown continue it 's approach . the clown be now closer . int . red pinto - night i5 Debbie grab Mike . Mike turn and see : bl i? i8 revise 4/7/87 - i0 - ext . top of the World '- night 16 below the clown head be two blaring headlight . ‘he head bob forward and fron the mouth : clown I be bobo the ice cream clown , with the bestest ice cream in town . we will give you the stick , you give it a lick and it will tickle you all the way down . int . red pinto ~ night 17 Debbie be puzzle '' she do not know what tao make of it . Mike start to laugh . mike this guy ! what the heli be they do up here ? debbie what 's go on ? who be that idiot ? mike that be not idiot . that 's the terenzi bros . ext . top of the World - night 19 the clown be a the roof af the bobo happytime Ice cream truck . Inside be rich and paul terenzi ; pierce student and all around mischief maker . they be dress in they white ice cream uniform . Paul hang out the side with the microphone in he hand . Rich drive the truck toward the atner car in the lover lane . clown ? paul ( w.a.? Ice cream , ice cream . we bring . qur goody here to you . a tasty treat for while you screw . ( from the back of the truck we hear female giggle . ) headlights sweep across the park car . one by one , the disrupt lover raise they head annoyed at tne interruption . the truck stop and Paul get out . - li - clown / paul {v.0 .? let 's take a break , cool off that hot lip with cur tasty freeze fruity bar , icy wicey , fudgey wudgey bar , and everyone 's favorite freeze delight , the Big stick . ( more giggle from the truck . ) the lover start scream obscenity at the ice cream vendor . some head pop up from the car . voice from car get outta here you moron ! clown / paul ( weGe . ) oh yeah . Paul turn to Rich , pleased with himself . rich that ' 's teliing he Paul . more obscenity from the crowd . voice from car get lose you asshole ! Paul get bombard with beer can . pau ( v.02 ) se you do not want any ice cream ... ( spiteful ) well ywou be not get any ! voice from car we be get it before you show up . Paul dodge a beer can . he step inside the truck ; he lean out . paul ( v.a. ) this be you last chance , dor anybody want any ice cream ? the response be a storm of beer can and obscenity . bi 13 | revise 4/7/87 ~ 12 - int , ice cream truck - night 19 rich great idea Paul , everybody love ice cream . paul what do you mean , it be you idea . ( whisper ) 3 why do not we park here for a while ? ? two fat but cute girl emerge from the rear of the truck hold popsicle . tracy and stacy the pork chop twin . tracy hey , what be you guy try to pull here ? rich i oh , 's well , we think we would park 1 here for a while ? ' stacy you say we could have all the ice cream we want but you do not say anything about parking . 7 tracy yeah , hey , what kind of girl do you think we be ? Rich and Paul look at each other and wiggle they eye brow . with wide grin ; rich I tell you they be not that stupid . tracy we want you boy to take we home right now . stacy yeah ! paul take it easy , keep you shirt on . tracy do not worry , we intend to . the brother look at each other and give in to the girl demand . ext . top of the world ~ night 20 7 the truck begin to pull away . through the loudspeaker we hear ; rich ( ¥.0 . ) this work cut just great . paul ( v.a. } well do not blame I , I do not want to come here . rich ( v.02 ) anh , we drive all the way up here , we do not sell any ice cream . how we gonna pay for gas ? paul ( v.02 ) uh , it do not know . do you want to try the drive - in ? they love ice cream at drive -in . rich ( v.0 . ) New , that 's dumb ... maybe we could sell some ice cream ... what 's play ? the ice cream truck drive away and head back towards town . 21 int . pinto ~ night 21 Mike and Debbie have be watch the entire scene from the back of the Pinto . Mike be laugh , deboie be strangely amused . mike ( laugh ) that guy . debbie you hang out with they ? mike theg be my best friend at school . whenever I wanna go out and have a good time , I call Rich and Paul . a night out with they be a total adventure . Mike stop . he look at Debbie , deeply , and move closer . mike tcont ? } but why aw I talk about the terenzi bros . when I would much rather be kissing you . '' bl revise 4/7/87 14 Mike lean over and kiss Debbie . they break , embrace and @ase down into the raft . they kiss deeply . they stop for a se breather and look you at the star . debbie this be excellent . a light streak across Mike 's and Debbie 's face . ZZ ext . night sky ~ night 22 @& huge shoot STAR streak across the sky above they and land with a tremendous crash over a hill nearby . 23 ext . top of the world — night 22 Inside the back of the bronco truck Bob mcdevitt pop he head up and put on he white rimmed designer glass . bob wow 's check this out ! a pair of female hand come up and pull Bob 's head back down . 24 j|. int . red pinto ~ night 24 mike {really surprised ) do you see that ? debbie fexcite > yeah I see that one , I could not miss it , it be tremendous . I can not helieve how close it be . let 's check it out . mike no way , it 's a waste of time . it 's thousand of mile away . we all be blow the entire night . debbie ( challenging ? do not give I that . you see it , it land over the hill near the water tower . that 's not " thousand of mile away " . 25 26 ~ 1§= Mike realize the romantic moment 1s lose and he might nat have a choice . Debbie challenge Mike . debbie ( dare ) come on , let 's find its ... Mr. adventure . Mike make one final attempt . mike you do not want toa finish the champagne ? Debbie chug the champagne . debbie finish . let 's go . mike ( unwillingly game ) we be off . Mike downs he drink . he and Debbie hap into the front seat of the car and go racing off in the direction of tne crash site . ext . back wood farm house — night 25 Farmer gene GREEN be stand on he front sorch with he dog , pooh - bear . he have just see the shoot star streak by over head . he 's get a National geographic magazine with halley 's comet on the cover in he hand . GREEN well I x11 be goddamn ! do you see that ol ‘sky jockey zip down over there , pooh ? look at magazine ) halley 's comet have land in we - hackyard . we be gonna be rich . Green run in the house for a moment and come out with a shovel , a couple of bucket and a lantern . Farmer Green and pooh - bear walk off into the darkness . ext . wood — night 26 Green and he dog be work they way through the under brush . a mechanical whirring sound be hear up ahead . pooh - bear start bark . bl 27 28 revise 4/7/87 - 18 - GREEN what 's that ? you hear that too girl ? sound like something 's go on up there . Green and pooh continue . ext . field - night 27 they come upon a clear in the wood . Green look out into the field , shocked , he can not believe what he see . stand before he , light by the full moon be a multicolor big top tent about twenty foot high and three hundred foot around . GREEN well I will be grease up and fry ! what in blue blaze be the circus do up in this part . ( he look down at pooh ) I love the circus . come on , maybe we can get some free pass . Green happily walk towards the tent . Green get closer and come upon a cable of purple light that streches from the ground to the tent . GREEN {cont} where be everybody ? there 's nobody around . I do not know pooh , something be a bit peculiar around here . Green approach the tent . ext . circus tent 28 he walk around t6éhe perimeter of the tent . pooh follow behind . GREEN there 's get to be some kind of entrance here somewhere . where 's the god damned ticket booth ? how 's a person suppose to see the show ? as Green walk around , a shadow appear inside the tent and follow he . pooh look back , curious . a yellow streak of light appear on the tent 's surface and a slit mysteriously appear . bl revise 4/7/87 =l7 - funny klown hand hold @ huge dog catcher net slowly emerge . pooh - bear look up , whimper and be sweep up in one quick swipe . the slit close . Farmer Green continue he search , notice poch - bear be miss . GREEN pooh ! pooh ~ bear ! where be that dog ? he backtrack to look for pooh and nctice she kercheif by the tent . he look for some kind of open in the tent . no luck . he begin to bang on it , it clang like a hollow stael drum . GREEN samething mighty funny 's go on here . he bend over and try to go under the tent flap . he can not seem to find the battom of the flap . Green dig down into the soft dirt and discover the tent continue below the surface . GREEN what in tarnation be go on here ? Green kick the tent with he foot . the tent echoe with a empty tone and Green hop around in pain . GREEN well goddamn , this thing be like no tent I have evar see . where 's my dog ? where 's my pooh ~ bear ? well I will rip this dang thing apart with my bare hand ! Green be angry now . he grab one of the support cable ana pull it . it emit large purple SPARKS on contact . Farmer Green be toss about until he can break free . GREEN shoot ! this thing be wire ! his hand be smoking and he blow on they . suddenly , a large klown appear in tne foreground . Green , a little surprised , see the kiown and approach he . as he come closer Green 's eye fill with fear . something be horribly strange . the klown snarl . Green crpen he mouth to scream as a eerie pink light shine on he with haunt caliope music . 29 35 ~ 1a - ext . wood backroad - night 29 Mike and debsie be drive through the wood on back airt road . they be look for familiar landmark . deebie try down there . be not this near Farmer Green 's field ? mike yeah , how diag you know that ? debbie during summer orientation , ( proudly ) I have some adventure of my own . the water tower be down there . I think . ext . roadside wood 30 the Pinto drive up to gate stretch across the road and stop . Mike and Debbie get out of the car , they passage be block , they must continue on foot . mike we all have to walk from here . Mike scan the area , sniff the air like a indian tracker . Debbie be amused by Mike 's antic . mike finjjun talk ) humh , if my instinct be correct ; ( beat ) we path lie that way . ( Mike point ) we must travel many moon . manus many , manus debbie ( interrupt ) enough already with the moon . lead the way , Chief running - at — the— mouth . Mike and Debbie begin to walk into the wood . Mike stop and turn back . mike oh , wait a minute I forget something .» '' 3a ~ l9 ~ Mike open the trunk and reach in . debbie more champagne ? rike I think this will come in handy . Mike pull cut a high tech flashlight . debbie you certainly be prepare for anything , Mr. adventure . mike T use to be a cub scout ... ( sadly ) till I get kick out . debbie reallys why ? mike I get catch eat brownie . Mike grab Debbie and give she a sexy bite on the neck . Debbie take a swing at he . Mike run and they disappear into the wood laugh . ext . wood - night sl they be walk in the wood , Mike be lead the way . debbie it 's a good thing we have this flashlight , otherwise it would be real scary . they walk a few more step and the light go out . they be leave stancing in the dark . debbie what be you do ? stop fool around . mike ( teasing ) do not tell I you be afraid of the dark . debbie okay I will not . I be allergic to it . - 20 - the light pop on and begin ts flash , on and off . Debbie plead . debbie bike , cut it out ! mike damn ! it 's this stupid flashlight , it 's stick in the emergency flasher eode . debbie oh great ! why now ? the couple stumble through the darkness , only make progress when the light be on . they laugh a bit but Debbie soon get annoyed . debbie cont ) great flashlight ! do you buy that at k - Mart too ? mike well at least we have a light . can you imagine how dark it would be without any light at all . debbie oh na.ee the light go out and do not come back on . they stop walk . silence . mike uh oh . debbie Mike , do not be a idiot ! stop . jerk arounc with the flashlight . mike tt 's really dead now ! do not worry , I be over here . take my hand . Debbie reach for he . we hear a slap in the carkness . debbie you little jerk ! that 's not you hand . [ 's 11 kill yous when I can see you . Mike do not answer , Debbie be alone . debbie «cont ) mike , do not do this to I . ( try to maintain composure ? get back here . it 's pitch bleck , suddenly Mike appear behind Debbie , underlit by he flashlight . mike ( deep spooky voice ? good evening ! have ha , ha . Debbie turn , startle . debbie tannoy ) you just lose major point , mister . ( she turn she back on he ) mike aw come on Deb . it be a dumb joke . Debbie do not respond . Mike throw he arm up in surrender and walk toward Debbie . mike ( cont ) look I '' sorry , it be not funny . Mike 90e to embrace she . debdie whirl around with a hulk hogan maneuver and put Mike in @ head lock , forearm smashes to the jaw and neogy to the head . debbie ( Mr. T style ) do rot be mess with my head sucka . she throw Mike down and pin he with she knee on he chest . debbie ( Mr. T style ) you be not gonna get off so easy next time . fooool ! mike gkay okay , I give up . Mike laugh , Debbie kiss he deeply . once , twice . Mike be 4 ready . Debbie be distract by a sound beyond the tree . 4 e pulsate humm . she stop . mike do not stcp now . I '' hat . debbie do you hear that ? mike it 's only the beat of ay heart . debbie no really , there 's something over there . Mike rise quickly ; look toward the sound . debbie ( cont ) could be we shoot star . they look at each other , get up and go towards the sound . the couple work they way through the wood . — 32 ext . clearing — night 32 @ Mike and Debbie emerse from the underbrush to a clear and stop , amaze . they mouth drop open . eye widen and they stand motionless . before they loom the Big top tent . mike that 's no shoot star . it look like a.se debbie ( she finish he think ? Circus tent ! mike what be a circus do ail the way aut here ? this be a bad location for a show . debbie ( visibly upset ) let 's get out of here . something be wrong , this do not feel signt . be not we look for the shoot star . wl ike forget the ghoot star , this look n@at . let 's check this out . come a . Debbie coe not move . debbie no , let 's go back . I have see enough . mike there 's nobody around . I be gonna take a closer look . you can stay here . debbie élone ? mike well , would you be more scared if you come with I or I leave you here ? debbie ( pause ) if you leave I here . let 's go . they walk towards the tent . ext . tent - night Mike and Debbie for a entrance . arrive at the tent . they walk around , mike this remind I of the night , I and the terenzi bros. try to sneak into the dingle bros . Circus last fall . Rich crawle under the tent flap and all of a sudden we hear this dog growl and Rich scream for help . we lift the flap and see fifi and the dance dog do the dirty beagie on he . everytime Rich try to get away the dog growle and snap at he . it be hysterical . Debbie start to smile . look _23 — debbie what happen ? mike they have they way with hia . ( beat ) Rich have very fand memory of the circus . walk around the tent , they laugh together quietly sa they will not be discover . on another side of the tent , a yellow streak of light trace a doorway in the canvas , revealing a open . & klown carry a fishing pole exit from the tent . Mike and Debbie come around just in time to see the kiown walk away . mike ( excited ) wow , do you se@ that clown ? this be great . debbie ( reluctantiy ) yeah right . Debbie feel uneasy . Mike jump to open . mike no one be around , you want to check it out . Mike enter . Debbie hesitates . debbie no ! we better not , he might come back . Mike pop he head out . mike fexcite ) Debbie , you be gonna love this . ( taunt ) come on . De not be a baby . clown be funny . what be they gonna do ? tickle we to death ? e. eo . Debbie moan , not wank to be a kill joy . she reluctantiy follow . debbie funder she breath ) gh shite Mike take Debbie by the hand and they disappear into the darkness . int . big top corridor — night 34 the couple be walk cauticusly through a darken corridor , in and out of pool of color light . the corrider gradually brighten as they proceed . debbie what kind of circus be this ? as they continue the light get brighter and we see the wall have a multi-color candy stripe pattern on they . debbie look like liberaci ' 's playroom ... mike | no , noy this be that new wave european circus fantastique . Mike be into it , he play a sideshow barker in this bizarre circus . he dance around . mike hurry , hurry step right up , see the Circus bizzaro . Debbie begin to relax , she nervously giggle at Mike 's antic . she follow . as the circus barker , Mike continue . mike ( cont ) come one , come ali ; step eight up . little lady do not be shy ; do not be stupid , come see the Tina the talk turnip . see the live mickey mouse . see the incredible Ms. 50 / 50 ; half man half woman , the perfect double date . Debbie can not help but laugh at Mike 's insanity . mike ( cont ? that 's it my little lady , step right up and see gumbo , the toothless elephant ; and folk , right over here , see belinda , *he bulimic wonder . watch she binge and purge before you very eye . Debbie try to stifle she laugh . debbie Mike , keer it down somebody will cateh we . Mike quiet down . mike okay» ckay . be not this place great ! it must have be decorate by bazo the clown . debbie I do not know , that clown , it give I the creek . mike do not you want to run away and join the circus when you be little . debbie not I , I want to run away from the circus . Mike listen intently . mike ( curiously ? really , how come ? Debbie take a deep breath and reflect seriously . debbie I be five year old . my mom and dad take I to the circus for the first time . ( nervousiy ) the lion tamer , the acrobat , the tight rope walker . I guess it be okay . ( more ) e , - 27 ~ debbie ( pause ) but then , this little car drive up and stop right in front of I . out come this huge clown ! he jump ever to I and lift I cut of my seat . everybody be laugh . fiixe listen intently . debbie ( cant ) he throw I on fis shoulder and yan aut into the center ring . I be petrify . then other clown begin to dance around , honk harnsy squaaking they nose at I . they caky white face with yellow eye and dingy tooth , torment I . ( pause ) it be terrifying . §’11 never forget that horrible smile face as long as I live . Mike be watch Debbie 's face . she be genuinely disturb about clown . mike De not worry , notn in here be go to hurt wou . debbie how much further do you want to go ? Mike turn and look down the corridor . mike let 's just gc to the end of this hall , to that door . they walk a little further and come to three door ; one in front and one door on either side af the corridor . Mike go into another routine . mike ( ala '' let 's make a deal " ) okay Debbie which door co you cheese ? door # 1 or door # 2 or door a3 ? o> mik@ 's tooling around ease Debbie 's fear , she play alang . debbie oh gee monty , I think I ' 1ll take door number Z noi ... no 4 no 2 . oh monty , monty , monty . they both laugh , Mike fumble , look for a way to cpen the door . mike perhaps you shouid have go for what be in the box . Mike hit a button . whooosh . a rush of air surge as the door suddenly open . they expression change from laughter to awe . they step through . cut tas int . spaceship power chamber — night 33 Mike and Debbie be stand in the doorway overlook a cavernous power facility that spiral hundred of foot below they . from the depth , spin turbine power by what seem to be a huge gumball machine generate a enormous . amount of energy . the couple be dwarf by the vastness of the interior . they be dumfounded . Debbie grab Mike 's arm as they peer out over the eoge . mike ( seriously ) this be no funhouse . debbie yeah and it 's no circus either . mike I can not believe it , sco what be it a fmuclear power plant ? debbie no ! mike military base ? debbie no ! mike missile sila ? '' 3é debbie ne ! mike recycling plant ? Debbie pull Mike oack through the door . int . big top corridor ~ night 36 Debbie throw Mike against the wall . debbie no , Mike , the shoot star ! mike what be you talk about ? Debbie grab Mike shoulder and hold he close . debbie the shaoting star we be look for ... we be in it ! the sound of footstep . Mike and Debbie freeze , someone be come . debeie what 's that ? they look down the corridor . mike I do not know but it 's come we way . shadows stretch across the corridor floor approac they . in a panic , they search for a way out . mike Debbie , door number 1 . Mike open the door and push Debbie into the next room . the door slam shut behind they . int . cocoon room — night 37 Mike and Debbie enter a long meat lacker type room . everywhere be Doctor suess type contraption . a weird storage facility . suspend from the c@iling be a number of four foot fink cocoon . they seem tc be make of a pink fibrous material reminiscent of cotton candy . the couple relax safe fram immediate danger . they move through the room . debbie how we gonna get out of here ? Mike survey the situation . he notice a sweet syrupy scent permeate the air . mime what kind of place be this ? Mike sniff . mike neont ) it smell like candy in here . I do not know what we see out there but this look like a cotton candy factory . Debbie look at he . she can not believe he would think of anuthing so stupid . debbie ( serious ) no it 's not . do not you realize where the hell we be ? I nve never see anything like this before , wou have never see anything like this before . no one have ! { do not believe in ufo 's , but if they be real , we be trap in one now ! Mike that 's too weird . that 's National Enquirer stuff . just calm down , there 's get to be a logical explanation for this . debbie this be not what you think it be . Debbie walk over tc the cocoon and take a closer look . debrie this be not cotton candy . nobody store cotton candy like this . Mike , in a effort to calm Debbie ' 's fear , reach over and tear a chunk from the cocoon . '' Sin mike look , Debbie ya see. ( hold it to he lip ) I 'il show ya . Mike ig about to put the pink substance into he mouth when Debbie look at where he tore the piece from . Inside the cocoon , freeze in a death grimace , be a candy coated farmer GREEN . Debbie scream . Mike see Green and spit the stuff from he mouth . they huddle together . scare . saund of samething at the door . the couple run and hide behing some weird machinery . the door open and a EIGHT foot klown lumoer in . Debbie be about to scream when Mike hush she with he hand over she mouth . the klown be carry a cococn suspend from a futuristic fishing pole . he hoist the cocoon up with the ather . Mike and Debbie be trap . the klown move to the opposite side of the room and begin to orerate one of the odd machine . Mike and Debbie watch in horror as the klown pick up a Dr. suess space age popcorn gun and begin to fill it with a papcorn like substance . Mike and Debbie take this oprortunity to work they way out the door , keep the cocoon between themselves and the klown . @s they get closer to the entrance they pass the freshly hang cocoon . Mike glance at it and recognize the contort body within . Mike be shocked . mike ( whisper ) that 's Joe lombardo . the klown perk nis ear up and turn to they . they have be discover . Debbie jume up and race for the door . Mike be right behind she . 39 3a the klown let cut a horrifying screech , pick up he weapon anc move toward they . int . big top corridor ~ night je Mike and Debbie clear the doorway and bolt doen the corridor . they run for they life . behind they , the klown leap into the corridor , rambo - style aim he wacky weapon and fire . 4 barrage of popcorn spore blast down the corridor . Mike turn around and see the cloud overtake they . he pushes Debbie faster . the popcorn spore be gain on they . Mike and Debbie be get closer tothe entrance . spore closer . ext . big top entrance — night 39 as Mike and Debbie burst from the tent / spaceshis they be hit with a deluge of popcorn spore and knock to the ground . mike be you alright ? debbie I think so . what be this stuff ? popcorn ? mike popcorn ? what the hell be they do to we with popcorn ! debbie I do not want to know . the couple quickly get back on they foot and race for the wood with popcorn all over they . two klown emerge from the entrancey look around for they prey . they look leave , right , then down and notice a trail of popcorn lead to the wood . one klown pull out a long thin balloon , twist it around in he hand and create a balloon dog . they lumber after they with the balloon dog lead , sniff the way . 41 a2 ext . wood ~ night 40 Mike and Debbie be stumbling they way through the wood . they nre scrapping and scratch the popcorn off theaselves as they go . the balloon dog raise he head , sniff , howl then follow . ext . roadside wood - night 41 the couple reach Mike 's car and pause for a moment . they hear the strange howling of the balloon dog in pursuit . they look at @ach other . debbie Mike ; get I out of here ! they get into the car , brush off as much popcorn as they can . : int . car - night 42 Mike quickly start the car . klown be see approach through the back window . Mike pop the car in gear and accelerate in reverse . the car slam into the klown . Mike and Debbie scream . Mike slam the car into drive and peel out . . & klawn leap out in front of the car . Mike bowl he over , smash the klown inte the windshield . Debbie scream as Mike take off , leave klown scattered a the ground behind they . ext . roadside ~— night 43 Mike 's Pinto race down the road . the klown on the ground , suddenly spring up and watch the car disappear into the night . int . red pinto ~ night 44 Mike and Debbie be frantic , Mike be hunch aver the steering wheel drive wildly ; he glance oehind they to see if they be be follow . Debbie scrape the remain popcorn spore from she body . '' Te mike get this stuff off I . debbie this be insane . popcorn , why popcorn ? what do they think they be gonna do with popcorn ? mike clown ! they be clown , that 's whi» debbie they be not clown . mike sure they be clown . debbie no ! not real clown . that be not a circus ! you see the inside . remember the shoot star . this thing be from outer space and they have kill people . mike yeah Joe lombardo , [ see he he be ese gdead , ... go . he be go . what be we gonna do ? we gotta tell somebody ' debbie ~ that 's it Mike , we have get to tell the police . mike oh wean right , we run into the Police station and tell they there be clown run around in the wood kill people with cotton candy . you know what they be gonna do ? they 's 11l throw I in the slammer , just for the hell of it . T be not too popular with the police department . oebbie no. in 1i be with you . I have a friend at the police station . he all believe we ! bl 45 4&7 revise 4/7/87 sr we mike 1 ge not know . I would n’te believe itt debbie fike , we have to . trust I . mike okay , I dunno , I guess so . I hope wou be right . ext . roadside ~- night 45 a& klown enter and stand on the hiil that overlook town . in the distance , Mike 's car race down the hill , towards town . he pause , turn and begin walk towards town . other klown enter and march into town . ext . police station — night 46 & small town 's police station . there be a crescent cove police station sign out front . a police car pull up and stop . int . police station ~ night 47 Inside , we move through the station house . we see the disorganize mess of Officer Mooney 's desk . it 's cluttere with form and report . ur on he wall , a ' ronbo® poster . american flag and a givly gun calendar . we move further to another desk which 1s tidy and organize . above hang a police scademy diploma and several citation of valor . Officer dave hansen enter and sit at the second desk . Dave be a twenty six year old police academy graduate . he 's a conscientious young man who work hard and believe in he profession . he pour a cup of coffee and settles down to a quiet evening of police paper work . wham , the front door be kick open . in come two punker with Officer Mooney right behind they . bave 's work be interrupt by mocney 's entrance . dave what 's go on clift ? mooney same old shit , I catch they booz it up in the park . rew ese ey sur punk # 1 we do not do nothing , we be walk through the park on cur way to the dorm and we ah , have a bottle of wine . punk # 2 yeah , it 's a beautiful night , we be gust walk around . we do not de nothing . mooney walk through the park . what be you two homo on drug , booze or both ? dave whoa cliff , cool down . mooney do not tell I to cool down . who do you think you be ? the cnief . dave do not start that , he leave we both in charge . - mooney I '' tired of this shit ! what do we have to dos wait till this home go on a alcohol - drug induce sex murder rampage . Dave try to calm cown the situation . dave it do not sound like they 's have do anything serious . he turn to the punker '' dave ( cont ) you gp to Crescent cove right ? why do not you just stay on campus and do you drink there ? why do you have come into town ? punk # 1 we do not have to just stay on cameus , we live in this town toc . Mooney get furicus , grab sink # 1 by the collar and smashes he head onto the desk . mooney yeah and it 's scum like you that be kill this town . Dave rush sver and break Mooney 's hold on the kid . plooney lwer at Dave mation he to back off . Dave stand firm between the punk and Mooney . dave cliff , take it easy . they be just coilege kid . mooney what 's the matter Dave ; you gotta thing for this little boy . punk # 2 we just have a little win . what 's the problem ? mooney you be the problem , you little shit . dave just lighten up . mooney ( righteous ) back off Dave . Mooney count off a he finger . mooney ( cant ) open container , public intoxication , disturbing the peace , littering and resisting arrest . they be histary . uniess you wanna rewrite the law , Mr. Police Academy . dave ( threateningly ) loak , ; you have get this problem about my training . I do not care . but when you bring samebody into this station I do not want to see you beat they up . bl '' 48 . revise 4/7/87 -38 - mccney ease up and look scornfully at Dave . the two punk be quaking in they boot . dave {cont ) } if you go to book they , do it accord to procedure . or I swear cliff , you and you badge will be history . there be a stand - ff between the two officer . mooney I will tell you what 's history , this kid . Mooney shove the punker into the backroom . Dave be upset by Mooney 's behavior and sit at he desk . screech ! car break , and scream from outside . Dave bolt for the door . ext . police station - night 48 Dave run to the outside stop and see : screeeech ! Mike 's car smashes into a newspaper machine before it stop in front of the police station . Debbie burt from the car and run to Dave . Mike follow . debbie Dave , Dave something horrible 's happen on the crest . somebody 's be kill . Dave be surprised . he grab Debbie . dave wait , wait , slow down , be you okay ? calm down , tell I what happen . Debbie begin to gain control of herself . Mike stay behind she . debbie ( settling down ) you have to help we , something horrible be happen . two people be dead , maybe more , I do not know . dave who Debbie ? who 's dead ? Mike step forward . mike Joe lombardo , he 's dead ! debbie and some old guy too ! dave wait a second here , hold on . what aake you think they be dead ? mike they be hang there , wrap up in this cotton candy thing ... Mike fumble ; hesitates to speak the truth . mike ( cont ) ee2ah cocoon . dave €ecoon ? mike yeah cocoon . debbie you know cocoon . Dave turn +o Debbie . dave Debbie , come inside and explain this to I . I want to help you but first I have to understand what 's qoing on . Dave lead Debbie then Mike into the station . 49 int . police station = night Dave seat Debbie by he desk , Mike stand quietly behind she . Dave sit at he desk -39 - 49 =~ 40 ~ cave now slowly , from the beginning . @ debbie okay , let 's see , we be at top of the world . we see a shoot * star and we go to find it . instead we find this circus tent and go inside . that 's where we see that people wrap up in cotton candy cocoon . Dave ; it 's not a circus tent it 's something else . Debbie slow down , afraid the reveal the unbelievable aetail . debbie < cont > it be like a giant factory , or power plant ; something strange ... mike ( interrupt , excited ) it be a spaceship and this thing , this killer klown come after we and shot popcorn at we . we barely get away . '' Mooney step into the room . he have hear most of the conversation . mooney killer klawn from outer space ?? sound pretty incredible . pretty unbelievable . id . Mike be aghast . Mooney approach . he be the one person Mike want to avcid . Mike step behind Debbie . debbie Dave please believe we . we be tell the truth . rooney Weil let I tell you something boney . I be just up there and there 's nothing go on ... Debbie interrupt politely . debbie Excuse I ; we be talk to Dave . e ee Mooney be about to say something but shut uf . Mooney sternly . dave hold on , they say some people be dead , let 's hear they out . mooney right Dave , clown ; cotton candy ; fly popcorn . that 's it , make a fool of the police department . I tald yous I be up there . wha you gonna believe I or this little tramp ? Dave lose it when Mooney insult depbie . dave cangry ) you nre out of line . I be handle this . he turn to Debbie . Debbie hesitates for a moment , debdie feel awkward , as though Dave be pry . Mooney dave ( cont ) okay , Debbie who 's you friend . debbie oh , this be Mike . he ...ah go to Crescent cove too , dave you two be up there at top of the World . together . be eyeing Mike . suddenly it dawns on Mooney . mooney tt know you , you lattle shit . he point to Mike . mooney ( cont ) you hang aut with that terenzi Brothers . ( more ? g L Dave look at she 's a little embarrassed . have bl 50 Si revise 4/7/87 mooney {cont} clown , I get it . this be another one of they stupid stunt to sell ice cream from that truck that hoodlum be run around in . oh now I really believe this . ( confident & sarcastic ) you better go now Dave , go before the clown take over . ( threaten ) and when you get back from save the world ; I want a full write report , so I can show it to the chief when he get back here Monday . Dave be furious . Mike look at Dave . mike it all happen just like we say . debbie it 's true . Dave hesitates , think for a moment , then burst into action . dave okay , you two come with I . Mike and Debbie be relieved . Dave gather he gear and escort they out . Mooney watch . as Dave exit , Mooney poke he head over the counter . mooney go-ahead Dave , make a dummy of yourself but you be not gonna make a dummy outta I . omitted int . police car - night Dave get in the front with Debbie , and Mike get in back . the car pull away . Dave be behind the wheel , fume . dave okay , we be go up there to check this out . oturn to Debbie ) but first I be take you home . ~42 - 50 Si Mike be speechless . Debbie be sut off by Dave 's order . desbie ( spoiled child ) no way , I be go with you . you can not tell I what to do . Mike perk up and nervousiy lean forward . Dave take control . : dave Debbie listen to I . debbie canery ) do not tell I wnat to do . I be go back ue there with you ? dave no you be not ! lf there 's any trouble I want you to be safe . Mike be confuse by they argument . why be Debbie act this way to a police man ? debbie stop baby I . I can take care of myself . look ; I do not want to get into this again . I do not have to lister to you . you be not my boyfrienc anymore ! alright ? so stop try control my life . Mike fall back into he seat and feel like crawl under a rock . mike {to himself ) boufriend ? Dave be embarrassed . he continue quietly . dave ( sadly ) you be right . I be mot you boyfriend anymore , but that do not Change the way I feel about you . 44 cesbie ( annoyed ) Dave . not again . we have be over this betore . you know how I feel about ... ( grit she tooth ) eceharriage right now . please ! ( steaming ) do not do this to I . dave you go home or I x11 ] take you back to the station and lock you up for safe keep . debbie ( frustrated ) I hate you ! Dave turn to Debbie and smile . Debbie hate be tell what to do but be force to give in . Mike be feel extremely uncomfortable . ext . debbie 's apartment - night s2 the police car pull up in front of Debbie 's house . a two bedroom townhouse just aff campus . Dave lean over and begin to speak to Debbie . Debbie cut he off . debbie can I speak to Mike , outside ... dave cobligingly ) okay . Mike feel awkward , get out and walk debnie to she door . mike you old boyfriend ? now I be in for it . he ’1ll kill I up there ! ext . debbie 's front step — night s3 they reach the front step . debbie no Mike , I x11 follow you up there . dl 54 55 revise 4/4/64 -45 - Mike frighten but stern . mike you do not want to go up there . I do not want to go up there . look , do what he say . stay here and lock the door . i'11 come over later ... if I be still alive . Dave see the two huddle talk . Debbie notice . she grab Mike and give he a very " theatrical " kiss good - bye . Mike glance over to the car . mike ( hopeless ) great timing , Debbie . Mike walk down path and stop halfway and look back to Debbie , then continue towards the police car . he move to get in the front seat , but change he mind and get in the back seat . the police car pull away and head up the hill . ext . downtown district ~ night 54 klown foot hit the pavement . distorted reflection in window and on surface as the klown move through town . the klown stop at myer' drug store . he act like a robot display klown . two pretty girl walk by and giggle as they enter the store . the klown do a funny little turn and follow they in . ext . park - night 55 downtown Crescent cove Memorial Park , with a bandstand in the center . a college student be finish a big~ top Burger as he walk around the bandstand . he carelessly toss the remain up into the bandstand . he continue , and get the mess toss back at he . he stop , look up at the bandstand - no one . he walk up the stair and see a klown stand in the bandstand . e> ' 36 a amuse , the kid walk into the handstand and watch . the klown place he hand behind he back . he fumble around , pull out one hand and surprise ! on its be a cute little girl hand puppet . he reveal he ether hand and it have a cute little boy puppet on it . the puppet kiss . she push he away and say no . he saus yes . she say no ! he say yes and advance . she scream and run . a puppet chase ensue . the kid be entertained . the girl hide behind the klawn head and when she come out she be armed with a toy ray — -gun . the boy puppet stop with he arm up . the girl puppet pull the trigger and blow he away . zap . all that remain 13 the smoking sleeve . the klown hand pop back up . the kid be relieved . the girl puppet point the ray- gun at the klown . he shake he head , " oh no " . the puppet turn the gun teward the kid and fire . zaap ' & pink ray shoot out and the kid be envelop by a pink fibrous material . the kid be now encase in a pink cotton candy cocoon . the klawn blow away the pink smoke from the barrel of the little ray-gun . int . myer drugstore — night 54 the klown work he way through the store toss item about and gather various other item in he arm . he turn the corner and knock over a huge rotate dispiay case . crash ! mr. myer , the elderly sharmacist peer out from behind the counter . a7 ext big top burger - night ss ? & Big Tor Burger sign be flash in the background as a klown enter frame . Big top Burger be a fast food hamburger joint with a distinctive circus decor . a clown motif be evident throughout the restaurant and the adjoin playground . int . big top burger - night 38 Inside ; family be enjow the food ; three ring burger , high wire fries and flwing burrito . at one table , two family be catch a bite after a evening of miniature golf . a mother enter and put down a handful of ketchup . mom # 1 here 's some more ketchup . now sit sit still and eat . you hamburger . @ little girkt be fidget around , not too interested in eat . she grap a few ketchup pack , tear they open ang put way too much ketchup on she burger . she scrape aff some with a french fry , sop it int she mouth and begin to munch feebly on she burger . she 's not very hungry , have already finish the best part of she meal , a chocolate shake . the mother be preoccupy with they conversation about they miniature golf game . om # 1 this be not as much fun as it use to be . mom # 2 it be if you be the winner . well wou know the rule , the loser pay for the meal . she take a big bite of she burger . mom # 2 ( food in she mouth ) let 's see we have beat you at ping pong , bowl and now golf . how would you like to beat next ? shuffleboard , monopoly ? we certainly do enjoy cur victory feast . 39 fom @ 1 isok at she overweight friend , notice she roll af flegnm under she sweat . mom # 1 yeah , and it 's beginning to show . maybe you should think about lose @ little , lorraine . you know what I wean ? mom # 2 ( good nature or stupid ) Ho , hoy come on now . let 's not be sore loser . you ’1ll have you day sometime , maybe . but I doubt it . the little girl continue to play with she food . she look up and see ; ext . playground - night 39 in the playground of the restaurant be a killer klown , he 's sit on a hoboy horse ; slowly rock back and forth . he wave at the little girl . she gently wave back . the klown begin to play peek -a - boo with the girl . she Plays along , amused . the klown then motion she to come aut . int . big top burger - night : 60 the girl turn to she mom , who be engross in conversation . girl oh mommy , can I go aut to the playground . I want to see the clown . mom # 1 no honey not now , I want you to finish you hamburger first . the little girl be disappointed . she take a bite of she burger but can not finish . the klown be coax she out . she turn and look at she mom , then back to the klown . she take she burger , slide it under she napkin , look to she mom . él B the klown get up from the horse , a big . broad smile stretch across he face . the mom 's be still gab away , we see the little girl 's empty seat . the little girl be walk toward the doorway to the playground . the klown be lean forward , gesture the girl toward he . behind he back , the klown be hold a formidable candy stripe mallet . the klawn be drool at the mouth with anticipation . the little girl be move toward the door , get closer and closer . the klown be wait . the little girl be at the door . she pull on it but be neat quite strong enough to open it . a man nearby reach over and let 's she sut . the klown smile . the door be close behind she , when a hand come in and pull the girl back . . the mother have the little girl oy the shoulder , drag she back inta the restaurant . mom # 1 I tell you to finish you hamburger , not hide it . what ' 's get into you young lady . when I tell you scmething I expect you to obey I . ext . playground - night 41 the klown be furious at this near miss . his smile break inta a toothy grin . his eve burn witn anger . @ SOUND divert the klown 's attention . he turn and walk to the back of the building . ext . back of restaurant - night 62 & Big top employee be dump trash into a huge dumster , bang and clanging the trash can . he go back into the restaurant . the klown approach the dumster . he look into it and sniff . weeeeeeoqooooowwmh . the klown screech out and step back . what a stink . the klown open he magic bag . it be full of pop corn spore . he reach in and pull out a hand full . he sprinkle the spore inside the dumster . his task complete , the klown turn and sneak away into the darkness . int . mrs . franco 's front door ~ night 63 there be a knock at the door . mrs . franco @ middle age housewife open the door and come face to face with a killer klown hold a large heart shape BOX of candy . she turn she back to the klown and say ; prs . franco oh Jim . be this from you ? how sweet . int . police station - night a4 back at the police station , read he soldier of fortune magazine , Officer maoney be fix himself a strong drink from he hide stash . the phone ring , Mooney answer . mooney greenlawn police station , Mooney speak . yeah what ..... 2++- calm down I can not understand you . hume ccseseoneo what ? ( pause ) Mooney be listen to a frantic phone call . his expression change from concerned to annoyed . mooney clown huh .......- yeah , yeahy and now they be at you door . alright , who be this ? ( click ) there 15 a abrupt hang up on the other end . Mooney lock at the receiver . mooney stupid kid with they prank . I ' 11 shoot ’em all . Mooney return to he seat , take a long swig of he drink . mooney Rich little bastard . daddy send they to fancy school so the police department can babysit the brat . ae a ~ bi- rooney take another drink . the ehone ring . he break , mid-drink and fumble fer the shine . as he reach for the receiver h@ spill he ceink all over the magazine and papers on ais qesk . he 's agitate . mooney Police station , hold a second . Mooney try to clean the mess ; shake off he magazine . then continue . mooney that 's the problem ? ( pause ) bait a minute . who be this ? oh , Mr. myer . int . myer drugstore - night 65 the klown have a huge stack of candy on the counter . Mr. myer peek he head aver the tcp . he be talk on the phone , myer on cliff , I think I have a bit problem here . int . police station =~ night . 4s Mooney be on the pnone . another phone ring . mooney wait a minute . nat you too Mr. myer ? hold on ! Mooney grab the other phone . answer . mooney yeah , police station . Mooney here ... what you too ?...0 n they take you wife away in a balicen . you do not need the police pal , you need a psychiatrist , mocney siam the phone dawn and gee back to be . myer line . there 's no voice just weird calliope music over the phone . he slam the receiver down . mooney do the terenzi brother have the whole town in on this ? the hell wath ’em all . if they want to play game they nre mess with the wrong guy . I will make they sorry they ever think af this stunt . e. 67 ext . OPEN field - night a7 Dave anc Mike be walk to the edge of the wood where the Big top spaceship be . : mike tt 's right here through this tree . Mike be lead the way and point to the clear . mike wait a minute . where be it ? Mike be shocked when he see a empty field with a huge hole where the tent have be . dave that 's what I want to know . where be ait ? mike I do not know ! it be there . where that hole be . I swear it . I and Debbie see it . dave ( patiently ) se you be say that hole be where the tent be . the tent make that hole . be that wnat you be tell I ? mike ( hesitate ) yeah ; yeah it be here , its go and leave a hole . we see it , that 's a fact . . Dave be angry , take for a fool . dave t’11 tell you what the fact be , you say peaple be be kily . wnere be the body ? @.. '' 5 . Mike be mortify . mike 2 do not know . I see Joe lombardo dead . I can only tell you what I think I see . dave oh , so now wou just '' think® you see . mike na , I know what I see , I just can not prove it . my proof be go . dave yeah . turn around . Dave put handcuffs on Mike . Mike begin to resist . mike heu , what be you daing ? dave : shut up I do not want to hear anything more - out of you . Mike shut up . dave ( cont ) you kid ! Mooney be right , get nothing better to do but cause trouble . well , you be not gonna get away with it this time . mike get away with what ? Debbie see the same thing . dave ( upset ) yeah she do , do not she . Dave push Mike back toward the car . int . debbie livingroom - night 66 scantily furnish , coliege type decor , cinder block end table , milk crate bookshelve ; overall neat with a feminine touch . Debbie enter from the kitchen hold a glass and a bottle of wine . she stand nervously , reflect on the evening event and Mike whereabouts . helpless . Debbie impatient , pick up the phone and dial . bl 69 revise 4/7/87 '' 54 phone ( veg ) greenlawn Police dept. Officer Mooney here . Debbie do not say anything . she have second thought . phone ( v.20. cant ) who be this ? ... come on whe be this ?... Debbie give up , talk to Mooney be useless , she hang up . she take a drink of wine directly from the bottle . she stand and ponder . she slowly look up and see she reflectian in the mirror . she 's a mess , dirty and drain from she experience . debbie what a night ! she go upstairs . int . police car drive - night &f silence , Dave be steaming , he be reflect on the event ; face mocney and debby betrayal . they drive past top of the World . Dave glance aver and notice '' something be not quite right . he drive by then stop . Dave look back , pause then back into top of the world . ext . top of the world - night 7o the police car pull up and stop . mike what 's wrong ? dave dust stay here . Dave get out with he flashlight and walk towards the car . everything seem normal except no kid . silence . he look into a car , the doar be lock and the key be in the ignition . Dave be puzzle . no radio ; no lover . he shine the flashlight around , a glint cff of a bronco truck catch bis eve . he walk over and notice pink strand hang from the aerial . he touch they , they be stick» like a spider 's web . he follow the strand around the truck to the other side . he look in but the window be fogge . he reach for the handle and slewly open the driver 's door . the interior be a tangle web of pink cotton candy . Dave be shocked , he lean in and notice something on the seat . he pull it from the pink mass . he hold they in the light to inspect they , a pair of eyeglasses ( Bob mcdevitt 's ) . suddenly , a naise behind Dave , he whirl around and shine he light . it 's a raccoean rummage through the garbage . Dave be relieved . urgently , he return to the police car . he open the back door . Mike be worried about police brutality . dave get out , turn around . mike hey , what 's go on ? you be not gonna hit I , be you ? dave turn around . I say . Mike turn he back to Dave . mike look , I be sorry abcut Debbie . I do not know she be you girlfriend ! dave ( angry ) dust drop it , okay ? Dave uncuff Mike and show he the glass . dave take a look at this . b L @ ) 71 q revise 4/7/87 Mike recognize the pink cotton candy fiber . mike ( excited ) that 's the stuff ! that 's the stuff that be wrap arcund Joe lombardo . where do you find this ? dave over a that bronco . mike that 's mcdevitt 's truck . dave who ? mike Bob mcdevitt ! he be up here with we and that be he glass . they nve get he , he 's dead . dave ( urgent ) come on . they hop inta the front seat of the car . int . police car - night mike so do you believe I now ? it 's like i say . everything I tell you be true , you see ... dave held on Mike , I find some pink fiber , that do not verify you story . ( pause ) I believe something 's happen . now tell I exactly what go on here tonight . ext . top of the world - night Dave peel out ana they head back for town quickly . int . bathroom — night Debbie enter the bathroom , reach inta tne tub and the shower on . turn ~54 - 71 Fe 5 y= she segins to undress . as she sulle off she sweater we notice & few spore fall the the ground . she toss the sweater inte the hamper , with several spore still cling to it . she shake she hair out , scatter spore around the bathroos . she take off she shirt and pants , as they hit the floor we see a popcorn spore start creep under the sink . Debbie hop into the shower , the camera move across the floor to the hamper where we hear the strange springy sound of popcorn spore . dissolve to : ext . behind big top burger ~ night 74 the dumster be emit the same kind of springy sound . at the restaurant , a door open and the night manager shout out order as a eaployee drag two giant plastic bag of trash toward the dumster . the kid hate this job . the boy lift up the lid and toss ane bag -in . the springy sound start pop louder and attract he attention . he pause look around then toward the dumster . he heave the second bag in , close the lid and walk away . boing , the spring sound be louder and great in number . he hear it , pause then continue to walk away . a louder boingg :! he stop , turn and walk back to the dum ter . slowly , he open the lid . he cautiously lean he head int the dumster and peer in . spprooong !!! swish , in a flash springy thing zip out of the darkness attach themselves to the boy . he struggle , kick for a instant then be pull into the dumster with amazing speed . the lid snap shut . we hear the muffle scream of the boy mingle with tne curious springy sounas . ext . roadside - night 3 Dave be racing Mike back to town . b L 7& revise 4/7/87 int . police car - night Mike have just complete a calm , detailed account of he * klown adventure 's . mike look we think the police be the only ane that could help . dave it 's okay ; you do the right thing . we all head back to pierce and see if we can track down you friend mcdevitt . mike nexcite ) why ? he 's dead ! his girlfriend 's dead ! the klown get they all ! dave we do not know that for sure ... i’1l cail the State Police in mariboraugh , they have a lab . maybe someone up there can tell we what this stuff be , because it 's not cotton cancy . Mike be relive , he settles bacx into he seat . mike yeah , finaily . that 's what ii nve be tell you . Mike and Dave be quiet for a while . Dave glance at mike. have something to say . dave leck [ be sorry I be a little rough a you back there . it 's be ane hell of a nignt for I . Mike feel very awkward . mike gee , what can [ say ? I do not know . about Debbie . -§6 - 7& he eeeee bl revise 4/7/87 -59 - dave look , it 's get nothing to do with wou , really . it 's I , ( pause ) it 's obvious she go for laugh , not stability . Mike smirk , then wonder if he 's be insulted . Dave look blankly at Mike . mike forget it . just take I home . dave Homes no way . we have to follow this up . mike it just tell you everything I know . it 's dangerous . this be you job . you get the gun . I be no hero . dave T be no hero either . I have a job to do . ext . town bus stop ~ night . tt ? 4 group of five people be wait for a bus . there 's a pair af college student , @ black nurse , a fast food employee and a oid man . some be sit on the bencn , other be stand nearby . a bus zoom by without stop . magically , a klown 's stand at the bus stop . the klown come over and stand by the nurse . she look at he , he tip he hat and squeak like a squeaky tou . she glance at the other people . some be amused , other be uninterested . the klown pick up he bag and step away from the crowd . he spread he hand out wide with large theatrical movement . the crowd watch curiously , wait with anticipation . what 's he go to do ? t: the klown bring he hand together and magically create muge animal shadow on the wall in front of he . 4 twelve foot bunny shadow hop across the brick facade . the klown peer over to the crowd of spectator . the old couple turn and look from they bench and the pierce student huddle closer for a better look . the klown maniepulate he hand int a different position create a little horse wnich gallop along the wall . some of the spectator clap . one boo . the group slowly gather together ; comment on the per formance . the klown flexe he arm , throw they around wildly and finally clasp he hand tegether to create a phenomenal interpretation of Washington crossing the delaware . crowd coohh , aahhhhe the crowd react enthusiastically . int . police car — night . 73 Mike be still try to get out of help Dave . plead to have Dave take he home . Mike be look around outside . mike just drop I off here , I 'il take the bus home . dave you nre the only lead I have . remember you be the one who have see this thing . Mike look across the road . his eve widen , he mouth drop open . he stammer . . mike look over there ! a clown !! Dave turn to look and slow down . ye e bl ext . bus stop - night 79 Dave 's police car ful 's up and stop across the street fron the klown , who be do a marvelous statue of Liberty shadow . int . folice car ~ night 80 Mike be frantic . mike there he be , a clown . I tell you . go out there and shoot he . get he Dave . kill he ! dave calm down , will wou ? let I check this out . ext . bus stop = night Si the klown continue perform bis shadow miracle . he turn with a evil sneer toward the spectator . they be look up engross in the visual . the klown slowly change the shadow from a hula girl in motion to a hideous serpent with fang . it hiss and rear back toss it 's head side to side . the crowd shudder . the klown emit a evil laugh . the sereent shadow leap off the brick wall and devour the group of spectator in ene fatal swoop . they scream and kick as they be swallow by the huge shadow monster . it retreat to the wall , where it turn back into the klown hand . int . police car ~ night 62 Dave and Mike be in complete shock at what they have just see . mike holw shit :!! dave oh mis goa . I can not believe it ! @. ext . bus stop — night 63 the kiown turn . from he clem :hed klown claw we hear the muffle cry of the devoure spectator . they be trap by some derange alien magic . he open he bag and aepty the content of he hand into it . int . police car - night 84 Mike lose it . . mike . shoot ’em . shoct ’em . kill the klown . Mike panic . he grab the wheel . put he foot on the gas and race toward the klown . mike run he over . kill ‘em . Dave try to stop Mike , but he be overpower by Mike 's panic . they struggle at the wheel . dave what be you crazy ? let go of the wheel ! the police car come screeching from across the street , zig - zag towards the klown . mike hit ' ’em , kill ’em ! ext . bus stop ~ night 85 the klown straighten up and stand motionless , watch the approach car . Inside , Mike and Dave be fight at tne wheel careen toward the klown . the klawn face smile with tooth glaring . hisssss ! Mike and Dave scream . the police car race for the klown . the split second before the impact , the klown jump straight up and out of sight . the police car slam into the bus stop , knock over garbage can and the bench before stop . int . police c&r = night a6 Mike and Dave be a little daze , but recover quickly . Dave what be you do ? you could have get both of we kill . bo not aver ... mike I be sorry I freak out . whe he ? do we get ’eam ? be . they look forward at the front of the car . nothing . they look at each other . they slowly move to the side window . 67 ext . bus stop —- night a7 look down on the police car ; Dave and Mike pop they head sut the window and look up . dave I de not know . I do not see he anywhere . mike he 's go . he go straight up . he 's go . 68 int . police car — night 8a they pull they head in . dave I have see enough . Dave grab the microphone and call in . dave one baker 5 call . this be Dave . cliff do you reac I . over . radio ( static ) one baker 5 . Mooney speak . I be @ little worried , think the big bad clown get ya . over . dave Mooney , I want wou to listen . do not say anything . I want you to call the State Police and get help , there be clown and they be kill people . over. revise 4/7/87 ey int . police station - night es booney be at the radio desk talk to Dave . pooney let I get this straight . there be clown and you 've see they . that 's it Dave ! screw you and you college flunky . I nve have enough of this from you and everyone else . I know what you guy be try to do . break I down , drive I cut of the force . well , it ali take more than this lame prank to get clifford Mooney tc throw in he badge . fuck wou , over , Mooney slam the mike down and turn the radio off . 90 int . police car - night . 90 Dave be furious . cut off . dave Mooney , this be a emergency . meoney . he cut I off . oturn to Mike ? ) that son of a bitch , cut I off ! Dave try to start it up again . dave I nve gotta get to the station . I do not know what I be gonna say , but I have get to get through to the State Police . 4 scream rip through the night . Mike and Dave turn to the sound . 91 ext . alley ~- night FL from a alley , twe young girl run scream . behind they , burst from the darkness , a huge klown shape pursue they . they split to the side as the thing tear out of the alley . Mike and Dave be shocked at this new klown horror . the klown demon race across the intersection . it be the bobo happy time ice cream truck , sith no one drive . Close behind race two figure clad in white uniform . it 's Rich & Paul terenzi . int . police car ~ night 92 Dave reach for he gun . Mike restrain hia . mike no wait . that 's no killer klown , that 's the terenzi Brothers . dave the terenzi Brothers ? : mike loak , get to the police station and radia for help . i’11 catch up with m friend and try to warn people . Dave agree dave okay , but tell everyone to stay indoors . do not da anything stupid ? ext . alley / intersection ~ night , 93 Dave start the car , Mike jump out . Dave peel out and race away . Mike run down the street . he round a corner . he hear a crash . pause then continue . ext . intersection ~ night 94 the rufiaway ice cream truck have be stop by a pile of trash bag and garbage can . the two brother be stand by the truck yell at each other . rich you idiot , you leave the truck in gear . paul do not yell at I . you be drive . rich what , it gotta dco everything . paul can no* you do just one thing right . le see bike enter . Mike grad they the brother be aich and Paul ~6& rich this whole ice cream thing be you idea . paul yy idea ? you the one that say se could get girl this way . rich no I do not . you do ! Paul ne , wou do ! mike ( out of breatn ) hew Rich , Paul . be I glad to see wou gus . paul hew Mike , how you do ? want some . ice cream ? we get lot of dip cicle leave . by the shoulder . mike no , no . something horrible have happen . I need you help . @ surprised at Mike 's urgency . aick what be you talk adout ? pal something wrong ? mike there 's no time to explain . there be kiown go around kill people . look at each other , dumfounded . rich & paul huh ? ce Rich Rich Paul Mike Rich Mike ~~ bike look , I and Debbie be up at make out point tonight and we follow this spaceship and see this klown carry cotton candy cocoon and shoot popcorn . there 's this circus tent spaceship that be not there anysore but we be there and we see the whole thing . and Paul look at each other . rich ( to Paul ) and they say we be crazy . look at Mike . rich Sea ? smile then think . paul ( seriously ) who say we be crazy ? 1s piss and grab the two of then . mike I be not fool around guy this be serious . you gotta believe I . you ‘’re my friend . pauul what do you want we to do ? we have ice cream to sell . mike Paul this be more important than ice cream . there be klown kill people . we nre all in canger . and Paul look at each other . paul well we have not solid that much ice cream tonight . rich we have not sald any . release he hold a the two . i¢ seem hopeless . ~e8 - rike look guy , hele I . just take I to Debbie 's house . I think she 's in danger . rich do she have any roommate ? Mike think cf a lie to fool they . mike yeah , two beautiful roocamate . ( pause ) with big tit . paul do they like ice cream ? Mike be lose he patience . mike they love it !!! the brother look at each other , smile . rich & paul what be we wait for ? the brother hop into the truck , Mike follow . in the cab of the truck Rich and Paul start argue about who will drive . Rich take the wheel and Paul argue as they drive away . int . debbie 's bathroom - night bo ) Debbie be in the shower . she soap herself and reach up and take the shower massager and move the pulsate stream of water across she body . int . police station - night 9 Mooney be sit back in he chair , sip he booze and smoking a stoggie . phone be ringing all around he . he pay no attention to they . mooney fuck ga an all . you be not gonna get the best of I . I it make through mei ping in nam and [ 'il make it through this bullshit ! 69 & loud door bell ring . Mooney turn and see a EIGHT foot klown walk into the police station . it walk right up to Mooney and stop at he desk . motionless . Mooney be surprised but please . mooney . so well , whoop -de — god-daan - de —de ! | what do we have here ? Mooney look closely at the klown . he stand up and lean forward , inspect the klown from head to toe . mooney well boy , I think you make a big mistake . you be in my territory now . the klown magically produce a colorful bouquet of flower and thrust it into Mooney 's face . he look at the flower suspiciously . Mooney look back at the klown with contempt . 4 stream of black liquid come squirting from the flower ; hit Mooney in the face . Mooney lurch back . he be piss . mooney ( flustered ) why wou..ah ... I oughta shoot you right now . Mooney wipe he face , walk around the desk , pull out he cuff . he turn the klown around . mooney I be suppose to inform you of you rights . well , vou be not get no rights in Mooney ' 's jail . Mooney slap the cuff on the klown 's wrist and spin he around to face hia . Mooney needle the klown . mooney T want to introduce you to my friend , billy the club . Mooney push the klown forward hold onto the cuff around it 's wrist . the klown move forward . Mooney be leave hold the klown 's hand . Mooney curse , throw the cuff down . he grab for he gun and stalk after the klown . '' - 70 - int . police station , jail cell ~ wight 9 ? the klown shuffles in , Mooney follow , gun draw . the klown turn to face hia . mooney alright , get you hand up . the klown raise he arm . sleeve empty . Mooney be steaming . klown hand pop out . Mooney be furious now . the klown be make fun of he . Mooney open the cell door and shove the klown in . before Mooney , close the cell he whacks the klown on the back of it 's head . the klown do not react . Mooney be scared . the klown 's head spin around on it 's shoulder , 1980 degree face fooney . it smile . Mooney be shocked . he slam the cell door on the klown and step back . the klown rotate it 's body to right it 's head . mooney I do not know who you be , but before this night be over you will be begging for merc . the klown pull aut a party favor . put it to he lip ana blow . it unfold and shoot through the cell bar towards Mooney . the tip turn into two candy stripe hand that grab Mooney by he shirt collar . Mooney be shocked . the hand tear Mooney forward slamm he into the cell bar : knock nim out . the punker in the next cell watch horrify . ext . bar back entrance — night oe a group of four biker and they biker chick be park behind a sleazy bar . they be just hang cut , drink beer and revving they bike . suddenly a bright light blare on the group . they shield they eve to see what 's come . there 's the sound of a powerful motorcycle approach . a single headlight mave toward they . inta the group ride a small klown atop a child 's tricycle . he sweep by and stop . the klown slowly climb off the bike . the biker be laugh they head off , make comment . be aoe sp ry you Black biker hey look at what we have here . ocooohh , it 's Big bad bozo come to town . one especially large biker , slug , be watch with he ald lady , sheila . slug get off he bike and make he way toward the klown push through the other biker . sheila get ’em slug . slug watch this . slug step up to the klown . slug hew clowny : mean bike you get there . the klown reach out and hank the little horn on he handlebar . beep beep . slug look back at he gang with a mock sneer . he turn back to the klawn and run he hand gently on the tricycle . slug you know bud , you sure be one ugly clown , but this be one fine machine you get here . Bet vou tear up the road with this beauty . can I take a ride pal ? the klown shake he head no . it rattles . slug oh please , pretty please . [ ' 1l taxe real good care of it . the klawn shake , no . slug turn tc he gang , sad . then back to the klown . slug ( disappointed ) if [£ can not ride it can [ beep the horn ? the kiown nod , yes . slug rear up , hand clasped . bl revise 4/7/87 slug ohe thank you . slug reach down slowly ; grab the handlebar and wildly smashes the tricycle on the savement . the gang hoct anc cheer madly . the klown stand by , passively watch slug bash he bike into a tangle heap . slug drop the mess down in front of the klown . @ black biker from the crowd whisper to a associate . black biker shoulda let the man ride he bike . slug ob I be sorry . I seem to have break you bike . the klown loak down at the mess . the biker laugh . from the back of the crowd Sheila yell . sheila tweek he nose , why do not cha . slug smile , loving the center ring attention . slug why I think for will tweek that big ol 'red nose of yours . slug reach down for the nose . the klown quickly grab he wrist , hoid it still , right in front of he nose . slug grimace in pain , surprised by the little klown 's strength . slug can not back down with he gang watch . he muster all he strength and break free . slug pull aut he switchblade . slug ok clowny face . I be gonna cut that nose off and give it to my girl . 2100 101 Sheila seile . slug toss the knife back and forth between he hand . the klown jump out of frase . the klown land back in frame wear cartoon boxing glove . he bop around in a zany sparring routine , poke , jabbing and sometimes hit himself in the head . the gang be amused . slug become bold again , edge on by the crowd . slug what be you go to de ? ( turn to he gang } knock my block off ? slug turn back to the klown . sprooocngg !! the klown 's glave shoot from he sleeve and smashes slug in the face . the gang scream and be splatter with blood . slug 's head bounce , hit the wall and come to rest by a trash can . the klown be stand quietly while slug 's decapitate body quiver and flop to the ground . the gang panic . they hop on they bike and race away . | Sheila can not get the big bike start , it fall . she scream and run auay with she fat ass bounce in she stretch pants . the littlw® klown sneer a evil , tootny smile . int . debbie 's bathroom ~ night o9 Debbie be just finish she shower . turn off the water and reach out through the curtain for she towel . she grab ity wrap it around she tody and step out . she grab another towel and begin to dry she hair . we move around the bathroom , focus on the hamper . it be bulg in and out . we hear the eerie springy sound . something in it be alive . ext . police station = night 100 Dave pull up in he police car and screech to a stop . int . police station ~ night 1a1 Dave burst into the station . the light be all out . Dave turn on he flashlight . the phone be ringing off the hock . he pick one up . ) , ia revisea 4 /if / bs — fho dave . hello , Crescent cove police department , .. Dave be interrupt by scream on the line . Glass be break , thing get smashed all with calliope music in the background . the line go dead . Dave slam the phone down . he look around . no one . dave Mooney . Mooney , where the hell be wou ? Dave notice something on the floor . giant orange footprint lead a wind path to the jail cell in the back . he draus nis gun and cautiously appreach the door . grab the knob ane slowly turn it . Dave be sweat . he throw the door open and jump to the side . he peer in . nothing . he relax for a moment , he head down . Dave raise he gun and walk slowly toward the back . int . jail room - night 102 Dave carefully open the door and walk into the jail reom . his eye follow the print up and around , he face distort with fear and amazement . the floor and wall be cover in multi - colored footprint . dave Mooney . be you back here ? Dave walk to the second call , it 's open . the flashlight beam fall on a large pink mass stuff into the corner . it be a cocoon like the one Mike describe . he move toward it . he reea to knaw if ther2 's a body inside and who 's body . Dave touch the fibrous material and tear some from the cocoon . it 's the same stuff he remove from the car at top of the ' World . we hear ( not Dave ) a soft squishy SOUND . Dave look , more closely at the cocoon . he can faintly see a figure inside . he reach for it . a squishy tear sound . Dave hear it , turn and loak behind he . i103 I lock up and squarsh , the cancy coat corpse of a sunker come slide dawn . it be hang hal * sut of a cecoon stick the the ceiling . Dave startle fall back and scurries out of the cell . he back up against the wall , repulse . he take a breath , - stand and stagger into the front office . int . police station = night 103 Dave stagger through the office , we see the EIGHT foot klown sit at the desk behind he . the klown slowly spin he chair around to face dave. squeak . the chair squeak . Dave freeze , he 's afraid to turn around . he turn siowly and see the klown sitting , smile at hia . Mooney sit up in he lap . his eye be glaze he expression one of sheer terror . Mooney speak ; mooney hey Dave , who be that lady I see wou with last night ? Mooney be dead ; be manipulate like soae derange ventriloquist dgunmy . Dave be in total grossed out SHOCK . he stand there dumfounded . mooney do not be afraid , Dave . we only want to kill you : the klown pull he hand out of Mooney 's back , shaking entrail from he hand . it lift Mooney off he lap and drop he to the floor . Mooney 's dead face hit the linocleun . the klown rise , Dave stand helpless . the klown move toward Dave , it pull out a puppet ray gun and point it at Dave . Dave puil out he gun and fire at the klown . the klown squeak with each bullet impact and continue to advance . it shove the desk out of it 's ay like a toy . Dave shoot again and again at the klown 's body . Dave see it 's useless , raise he sight to the klown 's bulbous red nose . he pause then fire . bang ! the nose shatter in a red bloody Mass , confetti shaoting out of it 's nose . it go into convulsion as it emit ear split shriek . the klown spin like a top . '' 4 ~ fe- Dave stand back amaze . faster and faster it sping until it burst in a firework like explosion . Dave collapse , sit down try to regain he composure . he can hardly believe what he have just witness . static from the radio snap Dave from he trance , radio ( static ) this be marlborough State Police Station hq call , come in greenlawn . Dave , Mooney please check in be anyone there ? do you read I ? over . Dave perk up , race to the mike and answer . dave marloocrough State p.d. this be greenlawn p.d. call . emergency ! do you copy ? over . radio Jesus Christ : Dave be that you ? we have be try to get through to wou for the last hour . what 's go on down there ? over . dave Jack ! thank God , we need you assistance . the town go crazy , people be be kill . do you copy ? over . radio yes ; we copy . what be the nature of the emergency ? over . Dave hesitates . what can he tell they ? dave Jack there be maniac dress up as clown cn a kill spree . over . radio maniac , clown , who be this people ? over . 104 dave Jack you have know I for three wear , you gotta listen to what I be go to tell you . they be not people , this clown be some kind of creatur thing ... thing from another planet . you have get to believe it . there be people be will , Officer Mooney be dead . kill ty one of this thing . I know , I see it . send all available unit with riot gear immediately . over . silence , no response . Dave call back . serious . dave Jack , believe I . please believe I . over . static . . radio Dave , we copy . you sit tight buddy , calm down , assistance be on the way . over . Dave sit down relieved hele be on the way . he try to collect he thought what to do next , who to contact ... dave Debbie 's ! Dave jump up , race over to the gun rack . he pull cut a couple of rify . he dash to ammo cabinet . pile stack of cartridge in he pocket . Dave race out of the police station . int . ice cream truck - night 104 Mike be sit in the front cab with the terenzi brother , a they way to deboie 's house . Rich be drive . Mike be still try to convince the guy that there be killer klown . paul klown from another planet ? sound pretty weird to I . tell I sore about Debbie 's roomaate . mike aww come on you guy . you ‘’re beginning to sound like mocney . id ~7e - rich oh now I be insulted , ! never be go insulted in all ay life . paul sure you have . rich look , cocoon , popcorn gun , monster shadow . what do you think we be ? paul we be not as stupid as we look . Mike give up . rich this be not the first wild thing you have try to put over on we . paul . remesber Hidden Lake . mike forget Hidden Lake . this be different . rich we would have to be total acron to believe this klawn invasion crap . pauul yeah , if there be killer klown run around , then I be porky pig . the ice cream truck turn the corner . screech to a halt . all three look and see : ext . STREET - night : 1o5 in the street before they , a large vacuum type machine be mave down the center of the street . it be a wanky , bulbous machine with a klown perch a top operate a swinging arm with a huge vacuum hose . klown emerge from the building , carry cocoon and balloon . the cocoon be elace in the street to be suck up while the balloon be place in rack on the back of the vacuum machine . the kiown continue with they ghastly task in a methodical manner . 106 107 ~79 ~ & middie age man bolt cut of hide and make a mad dash down the street away from the machine . & klown turn , see the flee victim , sull out it 's puppet raw gun anc blast the man . Mike , Rich and Paul see the man hit with a pink ray and @nvelop in a cotton candy cocoon . it fall to the ground in front of they truck . int . ice cream truck ~ night 104 Mike , Rich and Paul look at each other with blank stare . paul ( stutter ala porky pig ? thee thee. that 's all folk ! mike let 's get the hell sut of here . the guy scream , as Rich whip the truck into reverse , rip the gear into first and peel out down the dark street . int . debbie 's bathroom - night 107 Debbie walk into the bathroom , dress . she brushes she . hair . Debbie sip some wine . she be worried about Mike . her @ye begin to tear . she can not grasp what be happen . she do not want to be alone . the fear be creep up on she again . she hear noise through out the house . she hear a springy sound come from the cabinet behing she . she turn to it . in a flash something burst toward she out of the hamper ; two spall abhorrent klown jack in the box with drip snap jaw . Debbie jump backwards , barely evade the slashing fang . she slam into the sink , immediately the medicine cabinet burst open and another jack in the BOX creature lunge . this one dig it 's tooth into Debbie 's shoulder . she scream but the thing be amazingly strong and she can not free herself . she struggle in agony to reach the aerosol can on the counter . just as she be about to grab it ; a second kiown lease from the cabinet and bite into she shoulder . she falter for a moment . bi eo : ice 109 revise 4/7/87 - 80 - in desperation , she grab the can and spray it in the aye of the klown . they release she and emit a unearthiy shriek and spring wildly about in agony . Debbie slam the cabinet door close on they . the hamper klown hop toward she . she kick the hamper and it fall in front of the door . her escape be block by the hamper klowns . she look far another escape . slowly behind she ; the toilet lid begin to open . rising menacingly behind she be a larger ; even more gruesome jack in the BOX demon . it snarl ; revealing its corrode drip fang . it recoil on its spring like some huge copra prepare to strike . Debbie whirl around and come face to face with the thing . it lunge . she fall backwards into the tub . the thing snap at she . she cower back , look up and see the shower massager . it snap at she again . she cower back . with lightning speed , Debbie grab the massager and shove it down the thing throat . she reach for the faucet and turn the shower on . the force of the water whip the creature around wildly . she grab the shower curtain , run at the creature block she exit , throw the curtain over they and leap out the door . int . debbie' apartment — night 108 Debbie run , and fall at the door . she ' 's daze for a moment , then hear a knack - int . live room ~ night 309 Debbie hear mike voice . mike voice Debbie , Debbie , Debbie it 's I ... debbie Mike , thank gat ... the voice continue to repeat she name . 110 lat relieved , Debbie thraw cpen the door . she be confront by a leer @ foot klown say ; klobin . ( Mike 's voice ) . desbie , Debbie , Debbie it 's ae , it 's I . Debbie slam the door in terror . she be about to lose she mind . she throw she back tc the door . bang ! bang ! slafi ! the klown be try to sreak down the door . Debbie back away from the door . sound of drill and jack hammer be hear . the door be start to give way . Debbie be freaking out . she back into the livingroom , look for a escape . she dash to a window and climb up ante the ledge . ext . debbie 's house - night '' 11d outside be 4 klowns dress in firemen garb . they be hold a net yell ; firemen jump . jump , jump ... int . debbie 's apartment ~ night light Debbie scream and fall back inside . 4 crash be hear as the door break open in a CUT out shape of a klown . Debbie turn and back right smack into a EIGHT foot klown . it pick she up by the shoulder and hold she face to face . Debbie scream . the klown smile . the klown throw she down on the couch . she turn the the klown . teo more klown have enter the rooa . Debbie huddle back into the couch scream . the largest klown throw a color fireball at Debbie . there be a blind flash . Debbie scream and be now encase in a yellow balloon . rig 413 114 -~82 - int . ice cream truck - night Liz the guy be racing to detbie 's house , Mike bark cut direction . mike take a leave . they screech around the corner . mike 4nd now make the first right . the truck race through the neighborhood , Mike see debhie 's house . mike look !! they look forward and see , ext . debbie 's house ~ night 113 Debbie 's front door have be cut through and she house be cover with colorful , shiny streamer . a big kloen be get into a midget car carry a giant yellow balloon . the klown car pull away with the balloon dangle outside . Debbie be inside the balloon scream . the ice cream truck stop in front of the house . rich wow , iook at that . mike do not stop , they have get Debbie . paul what about she roommate ? mike they be get away Rich . we can not lose they they have get Debbie . the truck peel out in pursuit . ext . STREET ~ night 114 in another part of town , Dave be racing to Debbie 's house . as he approach a intersection , he hear a strange siren and come screech to a stop . the klown car race past with the debbie balloon whipping behind . . - g3 - 115 int . police car - night 115 Dave be momentarily startle . he snap out of it when the bobo ice cream truck speed by in pursuit . Dave recognize the vehicle . dave Mike !! Dave jam he car in gear ; peel out and chase after the grour . 116 ext . STREET ~ night 116 the klown car race by follow by the ice cream truck . 117 int . ice cream truck — night 117 the bow be racing . mike Rich , we nre lose they . can not you go any faster . rich what do you want ? this be a ice cream truck not a formula one racer . but here go . 118 ext . STREET ~ night 11a the truck surge forward . Dave 's police car close the gap . 119 int . ice cream truck ~- night 119 they be racing along . Paul lock in the side mirror and see the police car with siren blaring . Paul ( frantic ) . hey Rich , the cop . stop the truck ! Mike react . mike Dave ! Rich slam on the brake , hard . ee ' 120 a2a ext . STREET - night 120 the Ice cream truck stop in the middle of the raaa . the police car come screeching and smashes into the rear end of the truck . int . ice cream truck — night 121 the boy recover fram the impact . Paul oh shit ! Rich , now you do it ! rich T do it ? what do you mean ? you tell I to stop ! paul T tell you to pull over . rich no you do not , you tell I stop ; so : I stop . paul . I mean pull over . rich tf you mean pull over , you shoulda say pull over ! Mike ignore the brother and hop out of the truck . ext . STREET - night 122 Mike run to the police car , it be smashed inta the back of the ice cream truck . the front end be crumpled and stean rise fram the engine . Dave be behind the wheel , daze . bike Dave , Dave , you alright . Dave straighten up recognize Mike 's voice and get out of the car . he look at the damage then at Mike . dave what the hell be you guy do ? from the back of the ice cream truck Rich and Paul 's ewe peer cut fram the window . they look around , then disappear . mike they have get Debbie ! e- : 224 be Dave grab he shotgun . bave get in the truck ! they rush to the cab of the ice cream truck . Dave hop in the driver seat . int . ice cream truck - night i223 Rich and Paul emerge from the rear . Rich have he license and registration in hand . rich gee I be really sorry officer , I be feel a little queasy . I have a. Dave abruptly interrust . dave which way be they head ? mike ( frustrated ) down this way . we have lose they now ! i do not know where they go . Dave look down , think . look back up . start the truck . dave it do . the truck peel out . ext . road side - night 124 a wind cliff — side road lead to a abandon amusement pier way off in the distance . the ice cream truck zip over the hill and race into the distance . ext . amusement pier boardwalk ~ night be a&a elderly security guard be at the entrance of the fun house make he round . he stcop , ease down on cne of the bench to have a midnight snack . he pull out a bag and begin to @at a sandwich . he be distract by a putt putt sound . he be in mid bite when the kiown car pull up beside he . the guard swallow hard ang stare at the car . 4 & circus fanfare begin . the door of the car swing open and before he disbely eye , one , two , three , four , five , six klown appear . four from tne interior , one from the trunk and one from under the hood , they all stand face the guard . guard the park be close bow . I be go ts have to ask you to leave . miraculousls , fluffy cream pie pop into each klown 's hand . guard ( cont ) hey , whatcha gonna do with that pies , bow ? in the blink of a eve , the guard be smack against the wall and hit with a barrage of pie . ( more pie than anyone have ever be hit with ) they stom . the guard , cover with cream slide down the wall into a mass resembling a disgusting banana split . one klown grab the Debbie balloon as the group parade into the funhouse . the last klown plop a big maraschino cherry on top of the dissolve guard and scurries after the group . headlights streak across the funhouse entrance and cream outline of the guard . the ice cream truck pull up . the guy jump out , Dave grab the shotgun and turn the the group . dave now , stay together . the terenzis wander over to the mass of goo . Rich yell : rich hey , '' look at this stuff ! Mike and Dave join they . paul look like a wad of melt ice crean . Dave notice a fiashiight with a gnarled skeieton hand attach . dave it 's not . '' 126 Dave isoke tc Mike . they be both worried . dave lat 's ga ! int . funhouse - night : : 126 they enter the funhouse , it 's pitch black with shaft of color light cut through the eerie darkness . Dave turn to Mike and give he a flashlight . dave take this , I ’11l go first . ( to terenzis ) you guy , no fool around . stay together . he do not know what the hell be in here . they proceed down the narrow , wind passage . grotesque , baint funhouse face loca out of the darkness . paul ( fool around ) ooownw , scary !! mike Dave , do you get through for help ? dave yeah , help be a the way . mike do you tell thee it 's a invasion ? dave ( puzzle ) I tell thea ... ( beat ) eoetut I do not really believe it myself . where do they come from ? why be they here ? why clown ? mike thew be not clown . they be some ~ kind of animal from another world that just to look like clown . maybe they race be the ancient astronaut that visit we planet century ago and we idea of clown come from this creature . paul . then how come they be nat funny ? ize rich ( think aloud ) maybe they be from a die planet . maybe they sun socped out and they need a new place to live . mike maybe they be use we for experiment , to dissect and study . dave then they be intelligent . why do not they communicate with we ? talk to we instead of slaughtering we . paul maybe they be just cruise through the galaa and stop here for a bite to eat . the group stop in they track and look at Paul . maybe Paul be right . Dave break the spell . dave okay , quiet down . let 's not give ourselves away . we have get to find Debbie . they continue , quietly and cautiously . int . mirrore corridor - night 127 the group walk through a corridor fill with wanky mirror . they reflection bend and contort with every step . Mike and Dave do not react to they reflection . Rich and Paul be amused , watch they distort reflection meet amor phose . behind one mirror a killer klown can be see watch they every move . it sneer a evil grin . int . smoke room - night 126 the group enter another room , this one have a stream of smoke float above tneir head with shaft of light beam through . they feel they way along the wall , slowly . Paul see a large red button on the wall . he look at it inquisitively , then press it . @ blast of colored smoke shoot up from the floor under Mike , lift he in the air . he scream , drop the light . 129 ~89 - they all scream . fike hit the ground , they all gather around hia . Dave ask Mike . dave what happen ? what do you do ? Paul I do not do anything . they all look at Paul , suspiciously . Paul cringe , innocently . dave ( order ) do not touch anwthing , okay . this place be probably booby - trap . they move ahead cautiously . at the end of the corridor there be a door . Dave reach for the knob . he turn back to the group . dave I want everyone to stay close , stick together . I go not want to have to run around and save you @uy too . rich no problem , we can handle it . Dave throw the brother a dubious glance . he turn to the door , pause then throw the door open . swishhh , the terenzi brother drap from sight through the floor . Dave and Mike turn to see the brother go . dave where the hell do they go ? ! think I tell they to stay close . now we gotta find they . mike do not worry about they , they do this all the time . the terenzi Brothers be like cat . they always land on they foot . int . funhouse somewhere - night 129 Rich and Paul land hard in a sea of multi-color foam ball . they shake themselves off . look up , then arcund to get they bearing . they look at what they have land on then at each other . 130 131 in frant of the guy , two pair of klown taet slowly descend . the boy lock up . stand before they be twa ugly female klowns with big tit , they smile at the boy . Rich and Paul sit there helpless . Paul smile . pall . be wou Debbie 's rocasate ? int . big top corridor - night 130 Dave and Mike continue down a corridor , follow a low hum sound . thing begin to look familiar to Mike , like the interior of the big top tent he be in eariier . . mike hey , this look like the tent Debbie and I be in . and that sound . Mike see a door . mike over there , that door . go inside . the two slip into the roca . int . cocoon room — night 1st the door shut behind they . Inside be cocoon and balloon arrange neatly in row . there be hundred cf they . Mike and Dave be stunneo at the nusber of victim . mike this be where we be before . where we see Joe lambardo 's body . look like they have get the whole town . dave this be incredible . we have get to find Debbie . what color balloon be she in ? Mike think . mike ahtipcs it be yellow . dave well let an get to it . you , they race around the reoe , look through the row of cocoon for deobie 's balloon . suddenly , the door open and a klown enter . Mike and Dave freeze : then sneak behind the cocoon . the klown close the door behind he and stand block the exit . it search the room , darting it 's head around . listen , sniff . the klown walk toward the guy . it stop at a cocoon , sniff it and squeeze it . he sove to another one and repeat the routine . Mike and Dave be scare , confuse . the klown be inspect the cocoon and come claser to they . Dave siowly reach for he gun . the klown stop . he seem to have find one to he like . the klown look around to check if the coast be clear , then pull out a large twirly straw . Mike and Dave watch curiously as the kiown pokas the stras into the cocoon . he place it to he lip and begin to suck . a bright red liquid come spiraling up the twist straw into the kloun 's mouth . Mike and Dave be totally disgust . the klown be suck the juice of the victim encase in the cocceon . uhhgg '! the klown suck until there be no more . he smack he lip and burp . Mike and Dave uncerstand the klown motive . they be speechless . the klown exit through a door on the far side of the raca . open . Mike and Dave follow and look through a port hole on the door . dave on God ! they both look and be shocked . iv be 92 int . food processing plant ~ night 132 through the porthole be a huge Dr. suess -like machine . klown be load cocoon onto a conveyor belt that take they int the spin and churn contraption . at the cpposite end , neat pink wafer emerge sith kloun sifting power sugar on they . other klown be stack and carting they away . there be thousand of wafer . int . cocoon room —- night 1x3 Mike and Dave pull back from the porthole , shock and drain . mike Paul be right . they be hungry . thew be go to eat everyone . Dave grab Mike , try to calm he down . dave calm down , we have to find Debbie before it 's too late . they jump into action , search wildly through the cocoon and balloon . row after row of cocoon . Blue , red , orange , green balloon . then whammno , there it be . the big yellow . balloon . dave hey here it be . be she in here ? Mike run to he . look into the balloon . Inside we can faintly see depbie scream to they . mike that 's she . she 's alive . he turn to Dave . mike how do we get she out ? Mike pound on the balloon . his fist bounce off , no effect . they try to rip at it , but nothing seem to break it . Dave step back and draw he pistal . Dave stand back . mike what be you do ? ~ 1 % dave I be go to shoot it . mike you can not ; wou might kill she . dave she will be dead anyway . Mike step back . Dave point the gun to one corner of the balloon . dave get ready to run ! Debbie get over to the side . Dave jam the pistol into the balloon , puil the trigger and blaammmo !! the balloon shatter and Debbie fall to the floor . Debbie gasp for air as Mike and Dave reach for she . Debbie embrace Mike , Dave stand by coafort she . mike Debbie be wou okay ? debbie oh ged , I be suffocating . I think I be go to die . a screeching alarm be sound . int . processing plant = night 1s & klown 's head be rotate around and around on it 's shoulder , emit the ear split sound . klown be be alert . they rush about . int . cocoon room - night i135 a red light be blink on and off as the screech alarm blare . Mike , Dave and Debbie get up and start for the door . Dave stop , look at all the other balloon . dave wait , I can not leave . there might be other pecele still alive in this balloon . Mike and Debbie be at the entrance when a hatch open at the far end of the room and klown see they . they have be discover . Dave race to the docr . 236 be ? — 9q - bave we be too late for the other . get go ! int . corridor ~- night 136 Dave , Mike and deboie pause for a brief soment at the door . they lock down the corridor to the direction they come in , two klown be racing toward they , they escape route be block . mike look !! what do we do ? Dave toss Mike a revolver , point he shotgun toward the oncoming klown . dave Mike , shoot the nose , kill the klown . Dave open tire , Mike follow . the klown explode in a whirlwind of confetti . we group dash in the another door and head deeper into unknown territory . int . firepole corridor - night 137 they run to the end of the corridor , dead end . no door , no hallway , just a fireman ‘s pole extend through the ceiling and floor . Mike and Debbie stand there , dumfounded . mike what now ? dave down , @veryone , ga down . Mike look down , hesitates . mike hey , we do not know what 's down there . Debbie push he out of the way . she leap onto the pole . debbie nobody be go to put I in @ balloon again . = , 138 1399 Debbie slide down the sole int the darkness below . Mike be about to follow . Dave see a klown raund the corner . dave ga Mike ga !! Dave shove Mike down , turn fire at the klown then slide after the other . int . tilt~a-room — night 138 Dave slide down , he be grab suddenly by four hand and yank abruptly off the pole . Mike and Debbie stand at the pole hold ontc Dave . dave hey why have you stcp here ? Debbie point down the pole hole and see ; a toothy horrible creature , wait in the depth below . dave good reason . be everyone ok ? they look around , they be in the middle of a long dark corridor . mike which way ? Dave do it matter ? that way ! with they first step . the corridor become alive . tilting and sway back and forth knock they around . debeie what the hell !! the hallway 's alive !! dave keep go , quickly . we can not stay here ! the group run as quickly as possible stumbling and fall through the churn corridor . they slowly make they way down to the end . int . tight rope room — night axe the tilting room end . Mike , Debbie then Dave stcp at the entrance of another room . stretched cut before they be a vellow tight rope suspend across a dark room . they run across it with no difficulty . ( the rope be a visual gag for the film audience ) ol 246 141i 142 kevisea 4///8/ — fe — int . tilt -a- room - night 140 meanwhile , klown be run through the wacky corridor in pursuit . int . tight rope room — night 141 the wope begin to angle upwards like a staircase . they walk with no effort . at the top of the step there be a door . Mike be about to open it . dave careful , open it slowly and stay to the side . Mike open the door and proceed cautiously . the dcor be verticle on this side int . room of door 142 but open up from the floor on the other side . this disorient the group as they enter one by one . they be now in a small room with four door surround they . dave this be impossible . there 's get to be a way out of this . mike this be not get we anywhere . debbie where do we go from here . which door do we pick . dave well let I figure this out . mike figure what out . you do not where the bell we be . we could be run around in circle . debbie we can not be sure of anything in this place . dave hey loak everybody , just shut up . I be in charge here . I do not want anymore people get kill . we have to be careful which door we pick. 143 mike what be you talk about . one decor be as good as another . Mike grab a doorknob and swing a door open . stand in the door frame be three large klowns listen at the door . they straighten up and start to move toward they . Mike jump to the side , yell to Dave who blast at they with he shotgun . Mike slam the door , sound of klown disintegrate . they be safe . 4 fist break through and grab Debbie 's foot . she fall to the ground , kick and scream . Mike and Dave run to she . Dave can not shoot for fear of hit deobie . Mike tug a Debbie , try to free she . Debbie be kick wildly . debbie get you god damn glove off I you red nose freak ! Debbie kick the kiown in the nase and blam , it shatter and the klown fall back . Debbie get up and grab Mike . debbie I hate clown ! Dave paint to the door where he just kill the klown . dave open the door . mike what ? dave just open the door . Mike obey and open it . nothing on the other side but some confetti float down . . the group run out as another klouwn enter and look around the now empty room . int . fish room — night 143 the group run inte a giant fish head thing , right down it 's gullet . 144 345 146 ~9g - int . fish belly - night 144 they run through a narrow room of hundred of ballocn . they pop they wag through . int . fish room — night 145 the graup run cut of another giant fish head . balloon rise from the mouth like bubbles , as they exit . int . candy stripped corridor ~ night 144 we group be walk down a candy stripped corridor when they reach the another door at the end . debbie damn , I can not take this anymore , mike not another door ! what more can happen ? behind they they hear horn honk . they turn to see a hoard of klown on the hunt , run down the candy stripped hall toward they . mike holy shit ! Mike tear open the door . mike holy shit ! there 's another door behind the first door . he fling the second door open . klown be racing toward they . mike ~ debbie~dave holy shit !!! Mike tear open a third then a fourth door . Dave fire he shotgun , click . out of bullet . klown come . Mike rip open the fourth doar and it open up into a dark room . we group run through and close the door behind they , dust in time . klown bang on the door . 247 int . funhouse playground ~ night 147 Dave be hold the door close . he take he shotgun ang wedge it against the door , block it shut . Mike and Debbie turn around , shocked . we pull back and revea '' they be . stand in a immense playground arena . . debbie where do we go now ? dave run to the other side . the group run across the playground floor . from behind sone crazy abstract shape , klown appear and cut they off . Mike , Dave and Debbie stop and run to the right . more klown pop up ; hold strange weapon . they run to the leave , cut off by wear klown . they be trapped . the klown be slowly corral they toward the center . Mike , Debbie and Dave have back up into a light area on a giant tierred platform in the center of the roca . the klown move in on they , closer and closer . they come to the edge of the platform and ston . dave what be they go to de now ? mike shoot ’em Dave ! shoot ‘em ! dave ( sarcastically ) yeah okay , I 'o ] take the two on the right . you take the rest of they . Mike , Debbie and Dave look at @ach other with despair . debbie this certainly have be a night to remember . all around they be klown . twenty of they with gun and club ; bat with nail in they , catcher mitt ; all in all a rather formidable klown army . the klown climb up after they . crash '! & loud rumble be hear from the playground wall . the kiown turn to the sound . something be burst through the wall . Mike , Debbie and Dave look to the wall . through the wall burst the bobo ice cream truck . Inside , clothes rip to shred , lip stick all over they , the terenzi bros . to the rescue . the truck stop mid way through the wall with the giant bobo head rock back and forth . the klown have be momentarily cistract . Mike , Debbie and Dave can not believe what they be see . mike the terenzi bros . boto speak . bobo ( v.c. ) stop ! leave they alone . the klown be confuse . we hear the terenzis argue over the loudspeaker . . bobo ( v.o0 . } Paul : um , um , I ah ... Rich : give I the mike . I be the great and powerful bobo . I command you to stop . do not hurt they , let they go ! you will obey se . let they ga ! Paul ? hey , give I back the mike . Rich : no way , it be my idea . Paul : what do you mean , it be my idea . the klown back off . seize the opportunnity Mike , Debbie and Dave race down the platform , through the klown to the truck . they greet the terenzi bros . mike be I glad to see you . how do you know we be here ? @> ~ig1 - the srother lock at @ach other . rich we do not . paul we think we be break out . Dave interrupt . dave we nre not out of here yet . spotlight shine down on the huge center plaftorm . the klown mysteriously disappear behind the abstract playground piece . we group be confuse . mike what the hell be go a ? Debbie point upward . debbie look ! the group look up . descend from the ceiling , come a ' huge dark shape . . dave everbody in the truck ! let 's get out of here ! Mike and Debbie get into the truck and Dave gc to the rear to remove debris . Rich pop the truck into reverse , slam on the gas . the tire burn rubber , but the truck will not move . it 's wedge solidly in the hole in the wall . the huge shape continue its descent from the ceiling . Mike yell from the truck . mike it 's no use . we be stick ! dave try again . the truck rock back and forth . then stall . Mike and Debbie hor out . debbie we be stick . ue 148 149 ~is2 dave keep try ! Rich attempt to restart the engine but the truck will not turn over . Debbie and Mike look at the platform as the huge shape touch down . Dave join they . dave what the hell be that ? slowly the huge mass straighten up . Mike grab Debbie . the thing rise to it 's terrifying full height . they shudder as the fifteen foot marionette monster mklown stand on the platform . Debbie embrace Mike . it be the end . int . ice cream truck - night 146 Inside the truck the terenzi brother have see the giant , paul I do not want to play here anymore , let 's go home . Rich try the start the stall truck again . int . funhouse playground - night 149 the monster klown see they , emit a ghastly screech and lumber towards the truck . dave ( to terenzis ) forget it . it 's hopeless . get out of the truck . Mike , Debbie and Dave run away from the truck . Rich be still try to start the engine , Paul be honk the horn at the beast as it reach the truck . the giant kiown look at the clown head perch a the truck 's roof and draw back it 's fist . Rich and Paul see the on come danger and fall into the pack of the truck . the kiown smashes the figure down into the cab and proceed to pummel the vehicle to bit . - 103 - hike , Debbie and Dave turn tea they friend . the giant rip the truck free from the wall and toss it like @ tow across the room . the truck slam into the opposite wall and burst into flame . Mike , Debbie and Dave scream , horrify by the death of they friend . the klown set he sight and start for they . Dave check he pistol . reloads . he look to the wall , the hole be no longer block ty the truck , leave a escape route . he grab Mike . dave run for it . I ‘’1l keep it busy . Debbie be shocked . she protest . debbie no Dave , do not ! we can all make it . Dave grab Debbie . for one brief second , they look deeply into each other eye . Debbie do not want to lose Dave . dave I have gotta do scmething . debbie there 's nothing you can do ... Dave kiss Debbie and throw she into Mike . dave ( order ) Mike , get she out of here ! now !!! Dave run across the path of the giant , fire he gun to divert it 's attention . the giant lumsber after Dave . Mike pull Debbie back and run toward the hole . Dave be fire at the giant . try to hit it in the nose . dave you damn klown . I x11 blast you fuck nose off ! Dave fire and shcot the line operate the giant leave arm . tt screech in pain and hold it 's useless arn . 150 isi ~ 14 Dave fire , he 's out of bullet . he look down the reload . the giant lunge for he . Dave be smashed to the ground and bick up . Mike and Debbie reach the hole in the wali turn and see Dave be hold in the giant 's claw . debbie ( scream ) dave fi! she try to run back , Mike hold she tight . they watch as Dave be bring closer to the giant 's gape mouth . Dave wrestle in the clutches of the beast , try to free he wedge arm . teeth glaring , closer . Dave struggle . Mike and Debbie scream . Dave look to he badge . pop one ara out . he be at the giant 's nose . Dave rip the badge from he chest soint the pin outward and plunge it into the giant 's huge red nose . blammmm ! Mike and Debbie be throw back by a tremendous red flasn and rush of wind . the room be swirl with a fifteen foot whirlwind of confetti . the whirlwind grow larger and larger . debris ang confetti be sweep all around . the entire roos be a catastrophe . Mike and Debbie run out in despair , Dave be go . ext . funhouse - night 150 Mike and Debbie run away as electrical flash and spark grow behind they . ext . amusement pier parking lot — night t51 Mike be pull Debbie along side of he as they run . mike come on . we get to get out of nere . Debbie stumble and they both fall to the ground . they scramble behind a bench . debbie look ! bl 152 133 i54 455 revise 4/7/87 ~d a ext . amusement park ~ night 152 SNAP , SNAP . the support cable and light hang from the tent be release fram the ground and drasn in towards the center of the tent / ship . it begin to rotate slowly . from inside , light be flash as the whirlwind be continue . ext . parking lot - night i353 head light sweep across the bench where Mike and deobie be hide . it be the State Police . Mike and Debbie run over to they . Mike and Debbie look back , astonished . the ship rotate and slowly rise cut of the ground . the ship be shape like a huge diamond . like a iceberg , nine tenth of it 's mass be hide beneath the surface . ext . amusement park — night 154 there 's a loud whirring sound as the glow diamond ship rise over the pier and move into the night sky . the alien ship take off in full view of everyone and disappear into the night sky . ext . police car ~- night ' i55 Mike and Debbie be stand by one af the police car . Debbie be lean on the car sobbing . the state trooper walk over to they . officer # 1 what tne hell 's be go on here ? mike I do not want to go through it all again . Mike console Debbie as they lean on the car . the trooper lock on , unable to help . everyone be quiet . the silence be braken by unearthly sound , weird yell and scream . two police man turn toward the amusement pier . officer # 2 over there ! what the hell be that thing ? the state police burst into action . the officer draw they tshapon and head for caver behind the car door . two ghastly figure run towards the group , scream like banshee . officer # 1 get ready man . on command ... shoot to kill ... ready ... the thing be almost in range . Mike raise he head , and hear familiar voice . Debbie look up . the polic@ be about to fire . Mike scream . mike stop ! do not shoot . Mike run to the front line . he focus on the two wail figure approach . his face brighten . the formidable figure come into the light of the headlight . mike they be nat clown . that 's the terenzi brother . it 's Rich and Paul , cover from head to toe with pelt ice cream . they have color streamer and sparkles plaster all over thea . officer # 1 hold you fire man ! Mike break through the fire line and rush to they . Debbie follow after he . Mike , Debbie and the terenzis all huddle together . mike you crazy bastard , you make it ! you be alive ! debbie we see the truck burst into flame . rich oh that . we hide in the freezer . with 200 lb of dry ice ... paul . froze we ass off . rich if it be not for the fire , we would be twa dead popsicle . sh oa ~ lo7 - Mike gras the terenzis and hold they close . mike the terenzi bros . you guy be like cat . the terenzi bros . soak up the attention . they look at e@ach proudly . debbie I have hear a lot about you two . Nice to meet you . they shake hand . Debbie get ice cream all over she hand . she smile , look to Mike . Mike look at Debbie . he feel inadequate , less of a hero than he have like to be . he 's afraid Debbie feel that way too . she look lovingly at Mike . she reach for he , they embrace . she saysj debbie come here Mr. adventure . Mike and Debbie embrace as the police move toward the group , the camera pull back , Mike cast a glance up at the skye fade out . the enc 7