killing zoe written by Roger avary fade in : int . taxi cab - moving - day rain fall on the rear window of a taxi park in the taxi zone of the Charles de gualle Airport . aside from the incessant tapping of rain on the roof of the cab we hear the sound of the airport : the almost monotonic loudspeaker declare in french that loitering be not permissible and that should any bag be leave unattend that they will be destroy ; the honk of the horn from other automobile ; the unintelligible chatter of people as they get they bearing . Inside the cab , play on the radio , be angelique kidjo 's funky song " batonga " . then , the rear door to the cab open and in a extreme close up we see zed , a young man with wild , almost mesmerize eye shield by small round glass , and with a head of nappy red hair . his face have drop on it from the flurry outside . he settles himself , then look to the cab driver , a easy go senegalese / frenchman , in the front seat . zed Hotel mondial . cab driver Le mondial . tres bien . he start drive . cab driver avec cette pluie can risque de prendre un moment . l'autoroute est ferme . a cause du 14 juillet . he drive for a while . cab driver [ do you mind the radio ? ] Zed look at the meter , francs be click away . he also look at the cab driver 's license , he name be moise du bois . cab driver [ do you want I to turn the radio off ? ] zed ( realize he 's be ask a question ) I do not speak french . the driver turn around . cab driver ( in break English ) ah. american ? zed that 's right . cab driver that 's good because I speak a little English . Zed nod . cab driver I ask if you mind the radio . Music . you know . Zed shake he head " no " . cab driver ( with a smile ) Super cool . Zed adjust he watch . zed what time be it ? cab driver time , time , time . I do not know . daytime . Zed forget the adjustment for now . cab driver be you in town for business ? zed yes . cab driver it 's a nice hotel . you hotel . very big room . he look at Zed in the rear view mirror . cab driver do you know Paris ? zed I have be here once before . when I be young . the cab driver smile . cab driver that be the day . they drive for a while . cab driver married ? zed I beg you pardon ? cab driver do you have a wife ? zed no. ( then after think about it for a while ) why ? cab driver well , if you need a wife for the night ... ( search for the right word in french ) Une escorte . pour vous faire visiter . ( then back to he break English ) for business . I give you my number . very nice girl . french . like when you be young . he lift he hand and show he index and middle finger tightly extend together , then he cross they . cab driver know what I mean ? Zed smile at this and nod . cab driver speak the language of love . take you to heaven and back . you just tell I and I set it up . Zed shake he head and laugh . cab driver what you laugh at ? you let moise set it up . she treat you right . she treat you fine . Zed can do nothing but smile at the think of it . dissolve to : int . HOTEL - hall - day a long , empty hallway of a moderately priced hotel . from around a corner come a bellboy carry Zed 's one bag . Zed be right behind he . they come up to room 6a and the bellboy unlock the door . int . HOTEL room - day the door to the room open and the bellboy , follow by Zed , walk into the room . he put Zed 's bag onto one of that luggage holder and proceed to show he the room . sitting on the bed be a large air freight package . bellboy ( in break English ) you package ... it arrive in the last night of before last night . he point to the telephone . bellboy ah ... telephone , for the room service . he motion toward the bathroom . bellboy the toilet . he open the closet door . bellboy to hang the clothes . he point to a control console next to the bed . bellboy from here you can operate the television . then he pause at the door before he go out . Zed reach into he pocket and take out some french money , he start finger through it . then , the bellboy take the liberty of show Zed which bill to give he . bellboy ( after get what he want ) merci . he start to leave . zed oh , wait . the bellboy turn around . zed what time be it ? bellboy ( confuse ) what time be it ? zed ( point at he watch ) time . bellboy ah. yes . Il est presque huit heure moin dix . the bellboy click he heel and walk out the door . Zed look around the room , still wonder what time it be , and take a seat on the bed . obviously tired from the flight Zed unbutton he shirt a bit and lay back on the bed next to the package . before he doze off to sleep he take he watch off and place it on the bedside table . he be asleep . fade to black : int . HOTEL room - later - day Zed 's bed , while still make , look like it 's be sleep in . sitting on it be the rip open air freight package . Inside of it be a black steel briefcase . the shower be on and from the look of thing Zed be in it . on the bedside table we see Zed 's watch . it read 12:10 p.m. next to it be the phone . next to the phone be a piece of fold paper with moise ' name and a phone number that read : 45.63.53.37 . int . HOTEL room - bathroom - shower - day Zed be in the shower let the water run directly into he face and cascade down he body . he open he mouth and freely drink the water , then he spit some out with a spurt . then he stop , attentive , listen for something . he turn the shower off . then he hear it again , the knock on the door . int . HOTEL room - bathroom - day Zed grab a towel and climb out of the shower . he make he way toward the knock . int . HOTEL room - day Zed walk to the door to he room with the towel wrap around he waist . he open it . in the hall be zoey , a cute french girl of not more than twenty . she 's chew on gum the way a schoolgirl might , but she look like no girl Zed ever go to school with . zoey bonjour . zed ( a little awkwardly ) bonjour . Zed open up the door and let she in . she check out the room and place she bag on the bed . then she make she way to the window for a view of the city . zoey wow . vous avez une belle chambre . je not suis jamais venue dan cet hotel . she turn to he , but in the process take the time to examine every detail of the room . zoey can sera 150 francs de l'heure . toute la nuit pour 700 . d'avance . et faudra porter un -- zed I ...do not speak french . she blow a bubble . zoey it 's okay . she take a seat on the bed . zoey it will be one thousand francs for all night . in advance . Zed take the money out of he wallet and give it to she . zoey we can do it now if you want . zed well , let I just dry up . zoey okay , but it 's not necessary . he go into the bathroom and start drying himself . she put the money in she bag and then turn on the television from the remote console . a french talk show come on . she change the channel until she come to a station play f.w. murnau 's silent classic , " nosferatu " . she smile and sit back to watch . zed ( o.s. ) ( from the bathroom ) what 's you name ? zoey Zoe or Zoey . which ever you like . zed ( o.s. ) my name 's Zed . zoey ( smile at this ) that 's funny . we both have Z name . Zed come walk out of the bathroom drying he hair . his pants be on . zed what be that ? she notice he pants . zoey you can take that off . the pants . zed I would rather watch you get undress first . zoey ( matter -of - factly ) alright . she stand up and start to lift she top off . he stop she . zed slower . he lay down on the bed . she stand there look at he and then smile . zoey alright mister America . Zed . then , with Zed lay on the bed and watch she , she slowly , seductively strip in front of he , never take she eye from he eye , until she be totally naked . zoey slow enough for you ? then , like a cat prowling for it 's prey , she crawl over the bed to he and begin to unbuckle he pants . she remove the pants and climb on top of he . they begin to make love . on the television , " nosferatu " silently play . Zoey and Zed quicken they pace with a urgency one can not resist during a moment of passion . she cry out and lower herself to he grasp . a image overcome she mind . they quicken to a almost violent speed and then expire , both satisfied . she begin to kiss he multiple time over the face . zoey c'etait formidable . she roll over , still hugging he , purring like a kitten . they rest there for a while ... hold each other . zoey I be cold . she take the cover and crawl under they , so do Zed . zoey Zed ? zed yes ? zoey moise tell I you be in town for business . zed yes . zoey what kind of business ? zed why ? zoey I do not know . I be just curious . zed do you ask all you client question ? zoey no . just the one I like . zed so you like I ? zoey yes . zed why ? zoey because you be ... a good person . I run into some real creep . you know . zed how do you know I be a good person ? zoey body language . we fit together . zed all man and woman fit together . Hell , even some man fit together . zoey no , but you know , we click . you make I orgasm . do you know how often I orgasm with a man moise set I up with ? zed no I do not . zoey usually never . they be almost always fat like pig . Zed laugh at this . zoey and you make I feel safe . that 's something more important than the orgasm . a integral part maybe of the orgasm . zed I never really think of it like that . zoey well , it 's true . Zed nod at this . zoey turn off the television . Zed reach over and turn it off from the console . zoey so I mean it when I tell you Zed , I like you very much . zed well , I like you too Zoe . zoey honest ? he nod . zoey why ? for the same reason ? any man can orgasm . even with he own hand . Zed stare ahead as he think of a answer . zed well , I like you honesty . you be open . unlike most prostitute I have be with . she do not like the sound of this . she slap he . zoey I be not a prostitute ! Zed be a little surprised at this . zed really ? can I have my francs back then ? zoey I be a student . and to pay for the class I become a escort . it 's my choice to sleep with you . zed I see . zoey what ? you do not understand . zed no , I do . zoey hey , it 's not easy . zed I do not say it be . zoey I be here because I want to . zed okay , okay relax . what school do you go to ? zoey the Centre du Art , Paris . zed that 's really interesting . what kind of art do you study ? zoey not any of the old shit . zed oh. zoey I have a day job too . Three time a week . she roll onto she back and stare into a imaginary world as she talk to Zed . zoey but someday there will be only my art . zed what kind of thing do you paint ? zoey I do not paint . I make thing . object . not like sculpture . like life ... but with no narrative . I want when someone look at one of my object for there to be no reference to the world . void of feel , emotion ... void of destiny . that be leave for I . they belong only to I . if someone else can see into it ... then it be no longer mine . I have fail . and I would destroy it . I do not care how much cash they would offer I . it would be shit . I can not tell you how many object of mine have be destroy . they tell too much about I . and if someone want to know something about I ... I will tell they myself . the way I be tell you . she look back at he . zoey what I do I do only for the object . zed I would like to see one of this . zoey what ? so you could see the work of a whore ? he decide to put a stop to this once and for all . zed Zoey . I be sorry for call you a prostitute . I do not understand the difference . zoey the difference be a prostitute would have lie to you about she orgasm . he give she a kiss . zed if this thing you make be as true as you be ... I be sure they be as indescribable . perhaps , someday , you will make one ... about I . zoey if I do ... you will never know which one it be . because I will be the only one who understand . I will be the only one who can look into it and see where in my life it come from . Zed be unable to speak . they look into each other eye for a long moment , hearing the sound of the city drift in through the window . then she lean forward and give he a soft understanding kiss . dissolve to : int . zed be room - night Zed be asleep . Zoey be asleep in he arm . there be a knock at the door . Zed open he eye . the knock become a pound . Zed get up and put on he pants . Zoey get up and look around . zoey ( groggily ) what time be it ? zed I have no idea . night time . there be more pound on the door . zoey I be go to take a shower . she trot off naked to the bathroom and start the shower . Zed walk over to the door and open it up . stand in the hall be Eric , a frenchman of Zed 's age wear baggy french -style clothes . eric ( with a thick accent ) hey you madman ! Zed 's happy to see he . zed Eric . come in . they hug . eric what happen to you ? I think you be go to call . Eric walk in and start to notice the trace of wild love make around the room . eric ( smile ) oh I see . you have be busy . zed sorry , I ask the hotel to give I a wake up call . eric that 's good , but now I be here . so let 's go . we have a lot to talk about . zed what about the girl ? eric be she you girlfriend ? zed no . eric fuck she . he peek into the bathroom . eric she 's a dishrag whore . kick she out . zed I will let she stay here tonight . eric do not be silly . it 's dangerous . Eric walk into the bathroom . int . HOTEL room - bathroom - night Eric walk up to the shower and knock on the door . Zoey be obviously surprised to see he . eric ( in french with English subtitles ) [ okay . get out of the shower . it 's time for you to leave . ] zoey [ fuck you . ] Eric open up the door and yank she out of the shower . eric [ no . come on you fuck slut ! ] she shriek . zoey [ let go of I you shit !!] he drag she out into the room , she be drip wet . int . HOTEL room - night Zed can not believe this . zed Eric . eric ( to Zed ) do not worry about she . ( to Zoey in french ) [ why do not you just go back to you pimp and suck he black dick ! ] she bite he hand . he yell in pain . eric God damn it ! he kick she in the butt and send she toward the door . eric [ get the fuck out of here you fuck whore ! ] he open the door and throw she into the hall . int . HOTEL - hall - night nake , Zoey fall into the hall . Eric slam the door shut . she be instantly back on she foot and scream as she pound on the door . zoey [ give I my clothes you asshole ! ] int . HOTEL room - night she be pound on the door . eric ( look at he hand wound ) God damn it . look at my hand . zed ( shocked at the whole incident ) Jesus Eric . zoey ( o.s. ) ouvre ! je veux me habit ! Eric listen . eric oh shit . her clothes . he pick up she clothes and she bag , open the door , and throw it into the hall just long enough for she to yell at he . zoey ( almost too quick to understand ) tu the prend pour qui espece de connard !? eric La ferme ! he slam the door shut . then he turn to Zed . eric so tell I , what have you be up to ? Zed sit down on the bed . zoey ( o.s. ) allez vous faire enculer tous le deux ! zed Eric , I like that girl . eric oh. well , then why do not you stop I . zed because you be on a rampage . eric look , you whole life you have do nothing but fuck whore . a girl like that will give you aids . why do not you find a nice girl in the suburb ? zed because when you need to get off you do not want to have to date for month to do it . eric just use you hand like I . zed sometimes you just need honesty ... and security . eric I do not understand . anyway , it 's too late . get dress , let 's go out and meet the boy . zed okay , let I take a shower . eric no , in Paris it 's good to smell like you have be fuck . it will make they respect you . zed oh. eric just put on a shirt and a sport coat . Zed start to get dress ext . boulevard saint michel - night the McDonalds on the corner of boulevard Saint Michel and rue soufflot be bustling . Eric 's citroen screech around the corner on it 's way past the pantheon and into the heart of the fifth arrondissment . int . eric be car - moving - night Eric and Zed be drive through the street of Paris in Eric 's car . the groove ryuichi sakamoto song " triste " be play on the radio . eric I be glad you come . how long have it be ? zed year . eric it 's amazing , you know ? here you be . one day in America . now here . zed well , to be honest there really be not much happen for I in the state . eric but in Paris you old friend Eric have a job for you , so you come . that 's good . zed how could I resist you invitation ? eric you would have be stupid to . zed so what have you be do here ? eric after school I spend some time in Algeria study African philosophy . and then I bum around . you know . for fun . for a while I work at Le figaro . the newspaper . zed really ? eric yes. with a assume Masters degree . and lately we have just be bombing fascist here in Paris . you know , like terrorist . Zed look over at he . eric it 's fun . CUT to : int . eric be flat - outer stairwell - night Eric and Zed walk up the stair to the fifth floor where Eric 's flat be . on the top landing there be a dead cat lay . Zed and Eric notice the cat as Eric be open the door . there be also a telephone come out of the neighbor door . eric the people next door be on holiday . we take they phone . if you want to make a long distance call , go ahead . zed be that cat dead ? eric I do not know . I think it 's asleep but it 's be there for day . Eric give it a kick . no response . eric I guess it be dead . they walk into the flat . int . eric be flat - live room - night Eric 's flat consist of a good size live room area with a connect kitchen and a small bedroom in the back . in the front of the live room there be a small balcony where the sound of the city pour in . the room itself be a general mess . a bunch of gun be pile in one corner of the floor . hung up on the wall be a huge , french " dress to kill " poster . some brazilian gilberto / getz music be play . sitting at the table play card be three man : francois , ricardo , and jean . sitting on the couch roll a cigarette with hash be claude and oliver . they all turn as Zed and Eric walk in . eric hello . they all return the greeting . eric ( to Zed ) okay . this be francois , ricardo , Jean , Oliver , and Claude . get it ? zed I will . eric they all know who you be . ( to the rest of they ) ne soyez pa salaud . offrez une biere au plus grand perceur de coffres . Oliver stand up and walk to the kitchen . oliver ( with a English accent ) Zed , would you like a beer ? zed thanks . oliver do not think of it . claude ( to Zed ) come . sit down . int . eric be flat - kitchen - night the kitchen be a absolute pig stye . dish be pile up in the sink and on the counter . Oliver grab a glass that have some old beer in it and empty it . he scratch some filth off of it and pour some beer into the glass . int . eric be flat - live room - night Zed take a seat on the couch next to Claude . suddenly , a spider monkey dress in a little uncle Sam costume come screeching up onto Zed 's lap and then up onto he head , the whole time claw at he eye . Eric , amused , turn from the man play card and smile . claude ( to Zed ) easy . do not scare he . he just want to claim you . Zed be freeze as the monkey climb around he and then onto Claude 's shoulder . claude let I introduce you properly . this be Enrique . the monkey screech . claude he like to be call chim chim , but we do not always get what we like ... do we ? again , the hideous creature screech . claude ( to Enrique ) tais -toi ! ( then to Zed ) do you like hash ? then Eric interrupt . eric ( jokingly ) do not sit next to that junkie . claude ahhhhhh ! Claude throw a light cigarette at he which explode into a mass of spark . they laugh . eric ( to Claude ) that little shit monkey of yours piss on my billy holiday album . next time he 's out the door . ( to Zed ) Zed , come here . Zed get up and go with Eric to the bedroom . on the way Oliver hand he the glass of beer . oliver here you go mate . zed thanks . Oliver sit down next to Claude . int . eric be flat - bedroom - night Eric 's bed have probably never be make . in fact , this room look a lot like quentin tarantino 's old apartment . but , there be a certain order to all this chaos . Eric pull out a blueprint and spread it out over the bed . eric do not ask I where we get this . zed okay . eric on bastille Day , all the bank be close . he place he hand on the blueprint . eric but this one . bip . the banque internationale de Paris . and for be greedy capitalist perhaps they will remain close next bastille day . yes ? Zed smile . eric we will go in and shut the bank down . now , look at this . Eric pull out a complex electronic schematic . eric as you can see , only one person can start the alarm . ( he hand it to Zed ) the concierge , at this desk . ( he point it out on the blueprint ) we will take care of he . then we can close the bank . no one will know the difference since every other bank will be close . zed ( turn the schematic around ) be you sure he will not push the alarm ? eric ahhh ! he 's right next to the door . we would have to be totally incompetent not to stop he . do not worry about that . he point to the main floor vault . eric here . this be where they keep the day reserve cash . okay fuck that . he flip the page to the lower level blueprint . eric there be many vault downstairs , but this be the vault we must get into . this be where the real prize be . zed what kind of vault be that ? he check the blueprint . eric ah ... swiss make . a caliber . zed caliber ? ( he think about it ) it will take three hour . eric no , that 's too long . zed that 's how long it will take . eric well shit . it 's too long . we have to be in and out . ( he snap he finger ) like that . or there will be suspicion . a little time be okay ... but too long and ... he shrug he shoulder in a " I do not know gesture . " zed well hold on a second . ( point to the blueprint ) what 's this ? Eric look down at the blueprint . there be a small passage connect the main vault to a adjacent vault . eric another vault . zed no this . Eric look closely at the blueprint . eric I do not know ... it connect the two vault . zed well , what kind of vault be this other one ? eric ( read the blueprint ) also swiss , but this one be a Poseidon . zed why would that two vault be connect ? eric I do not know . zed because I can get into this vault in half a hour . maybe less . eric but this entry way be too small to get the platen out . we have a lot of merchandise in there . zed no , do not you see ? we get in through this secondary vault and take this passage to the other main vault . from the inside I could open the caliber vault in five minute . eric you could open it in five minute ? zed from the inside it 's easy . eric ( excited ) hot damn . that be we answer . zed okay . when be bastille day ? eric tomorrow . zed tomorrow !? we be do this tomorrow ? eric but of course . zed it 's impossible . eric it 's not impossible . everyone know what to do . zed I do not know what to do . eric you do not need to know shit . just get into the vault and we will do the rest . zed I have not even see the bank . eric fuck the bank . before we do a job we live life . it 's better that way . okay ? zed ( unsure ) okay . eric good . now we do heroin ! CUT to : int . eric be flat - bathroom - night extreme close on : Eric make heroin . the heroin powder be put into a spoon with some lemon squeeze into it , then a little bit of tap water . huddle around Eric be francois , ricardo , and Oliver . oliver ( so high he 's wobble ) you have to look at the starship Enterprise as a metaphor for the human brain . no one be really listen to Oliver . Eric take out a lighter and cook it to a boil . oliver ( continue ) spock be the right hemisphere of the brain , all logic and intellect . Mc coy be the leave hemisphere , stricktly emotional . and kirk be the unseen observer . he drift between the two . back and forth , as it might be , catch between the two think process . eric [ cotton . ] ricardo hand he a cotton ball . oliver ( continue ) it 's really quite brilliant you know . that 's why Star Trek be and always will be a hit show . Eric place the cotton ball in the spoon with the mixture . eric ( to Oliver ) [ here , shut up and hold this . ] he hand Oliver the spoon and take out a needle . use the cotton as a filter he draw the heroin into the syringe . then , he hold the syringe up and start tapping it . eric [ do not want to get air bubbles in my vein . ] they all laugh at this . int . eric be flat - live room - night in the meantime , Zed be sit on the couch with Claude and Jean . Claude be roll a hash and tobacco cigarette . Jean be chopping up some powder heroin on the glass of a small picture . jean do you want heroin ? zed no , I want to be sharp for tomorrow . Jean and Claude laugh at this . jean no . a little bit of heroin , some hash , a beer ... and you be just right . Jean snort a line . Claude offer Zed the spliff . Zed shake he head " no " . claude okay . jean ( recover from the snort ) that 's good . Eric , francois , ricardo , and Oliver come out of the kitchen laugh . Eric , ricardo , and Oliver take a seat on the couch opposite Zed . francois sit on the floor . Eric roll up he sleeve . eric ( to ricardo in french ) [ hold my arm . ] ( then to Zed ) my vein be like a rock . ricardo take hold of he arm and squeeze . Eric insert the needle into he vein and draw out a little blood . it mix with the heroin , then he pump it in ... then back into the syringe , then all the way back in . he withdraw the needle . ricardo let go of he arm . Eric be in bliss . his eye roll back into he head . he look like he 's on the verge of fall asleep . then Jean take another snort . pretty soon everyone be smoking and get high , shoot up , and drink more beer . then Jean hold out a piece of fold aluminum foil with some heroin in it . jean ( to Zed ) try some . it 's call chase the dragon . the chinese have be do it for century . zed I do not think so . jean oh , but you must . it will make you feel as though the rest of the world be in a bubble of glass and that you be rub up against it like a bad windshield wiper . they stick the aluminum foil with the heroin in it up next to he face . they then light the bottom of the foil with a lighter . before Zed know it , he 's inhale a silky ribbon of smoke . suddenly we plane of focus wildly shift and we ... focus dissolve to : int . eric be car - moving - night ricardo be racing Eric 's car through the street of Paris weaving in and out of traffic . next to he be Oliver , and in the back seat be Zed and Eric . they be give the very stone Zed a whirlwind tour of the sight . a car speed up next to they . in it be francois , and Claude , with Jean drive . they be racing with ricardo through the street . the Patrick hernandez song " bear to be alive " be blast away on the radio . eric there . that 's Notre Dame . but before Zed can even look it have past by . ricardo do you like french car ? all Zed can notice be that the speedometer be at 160 kilometer per hour . he try to calculate what that be in mile per hour . zed ( answer Enrique 's question ) yes . ricardo I like the cadillac . fifty - two to seventy - five . very nice . eric up here you can see the eiffel tower . Zed be in too much of a blur . he lean over to Eric . zed be tomorrow really bastille day ? eric yes , tomorrow we pull the biggest job in french history . and spend the rest of we life in monte Carlo . the drunken englishman , Oliver , belch and then cheer . ext . paris STREET - night the two car be franticly racing through traffic . int . jean be car - moving - night Jean be very intent on beat they to whatever location it be they be go to . Claude , in the seat next to he , give he some advice . claude [ faster , faster ... go faster . let 's beat they ! ] francois laugh and cough out a cloud of smoke . ext . paris STREET - night Jean 's car make a dangerous lane change across traffic and cut off ricardo . int . eric be car - moving - night ricardo swerve as he pass a joint to Eric . ricardo [ shit ! that bastard . ] eric ( to ricardo ) watch it ! do not crash my car . Eric take a big hit . eric over here be where the male prostitute sell themselves . do you see ? no , Zed do not see . suddenly , everyone in the car be shouting out the window . oliver ( out the window ) Fucking fag ! eric ( also out the window ) suce mar bite ?! ricardo pervert d'homosexuel ! Eric laugh . eric ( into Zed 's ear ) this be good to have you here . we could not do this without you . Zed nod . eric everyone have agree to give you double share . that 's good . Zed nod , delirious . eric you know I have aids . from the needle . Zed can not believe this . he 's not sure if what he hear be what he think he hear . zed really ? then Eric see something . eric okay , up here be the Arc de triomphe . they take a sharp turn . CUT to : int . cellar - night Eric , Zed , francois , ricardo , Jean , Claude , and Oliver be all walk down some dank stone step into a cellar . somewhere crazy Raymond Scott toy Jazz music be play . a old wine cellar have be convert into a toy Jazz club . nothing fancy ... dirt floor , chair and small table scattered about ... but the arched brick ceiling make for great acoustic . on stage a band be play away . in the audience sit about twelve french people , all enjoy the music . at the buffet in the back of the club near the door some table have be set up with a buffet of local cuisine on it . behind the table be two rotund but happy french woman mirelle and josephine . Eric , Zed , francois , ricardo , Jean , Claude , and Oliver walk in and immediately start blabbing away in french to mirelle and josephine . Eric hand they some money . zed' table everyone enter and take seat at various part of the club . Oliver sit next to Zed . oliver so , how long have you know Eric ? zed well , Eric 's mother be american . oliver yeah , and he dad 's french . zed they be divorced . and she and he father have some kind of six month split plan set up . so every six month he would come back to the state . we be best friend . eventually he and he mother have a fall out and he stay here . it 's be ... year . oliver well , it 's good to have you here . Eric speak fairly highly of you . say , he say you be a big fan of Viking film . zed well ... I suppose . I use to be , when I be young . oliver oh they be the best . helmet with horn on they . shit . that 's fuck genius . he start laugh . oliver how ' bout toy Jazz ? you like it ? Zed watch the player on stage and then nod . zed yeah ... I guess . oliver I love it . it 's really good , you know ? like real music . it have a heart and culture all it 's own . it 's , like , jazz for dwarve ... or guy in leiderhosen . total purity of essence . zed yeah . oliver hungry cannibal would like it . then Claude come up to they with some glass and a bottle of red wine . claude here , you must drink some of this wine , it 's good . he pour Zed a glass . Oliver pass on the wine . oliver ( to Claude ) non merci , c'est de la merde . claude ( to Oliver ) La ferme . c'est du bon vin . ( to Zed ) the fuck English . Zed sip some . he 's in no real shape to tell if the wine 's good or not . on stage suddenly , it seem as though the band music get louder . the horn really start to scream and the room become a delirium of music . the band stand up . in the audience the people watch start to dance , if not in they seat then right in front of everything . zed' table suddenly , Zed notice something ... on stage Eric be up on stage play a trombone right alongside the band . zed' table Zed blink but it 's true . Oliver and Claude start laugh . oliver look at he . he 's crazy . on stage and surely he must be , yet , in a strange way , he 's keep up with the other musician and sounding pretty good . Eric be all smile as he play with they . sweat be run down he face but he 's catch up in the moment . elise , a woman from the audience have jump up onto the stage , catch up in Eric 's frenzy , and be dance about like James Brown . then , the music crescendos and Eric hand the trombone back to a musician . the set be over . Eric skip off the stage and walk over to where Oliver , Claude , and Zed be sit . ext . boulevard saint michel - night the McDonalds on the corner of boulevard Saint Michel and rue soufflot be bustling . Eric 's citroen screech around the corner on it 's way past the pantheon and into the heart of the fifth arrondissment . int . eric be car - moving - night Eric and Zed be drive through the street of Paris in Eric 's car . the groove ryuichi sakamoto song " triste " be play on the radio . eric I be glad you come . how long have it be ? zed year . eric it 's amazing , you know ? here you be . one day in America . now here . zed well , to be honest there really be not much happen for I in the state . eric but in Paris you old friend Eric have a job for you , so you come . that 's good . zed how could I resist you invitation ? eric you would have be stupid to . zed so what have you be do here ? eric after school I spend some time in Algeria study African philosophy . and then I bum around . you know . for fun . for a while I work at Le figaro . the newspaper . zed really ? eric yes. with a assume Masters degree . and lately we have just be bombing fascist here in Paris . you know , like terrorist . Zed look over at he . eric it 's fun . CUT to : int . eric be flat - outer stairwell - night Eric and Zed walk up the stair to the fifth floor where Eric 's flat be . on the top landing there be a dead cat lay . Zed and Eric notice the cat as Eric be open the door . there be also a telephone come out of the neighbor door . eric the people next door be on holiday . we take they phone . if you want to make a long distance call , go ahead . zed be that cat dead ? eric I do not know . I think it 's asleep but it 's be there for day . Eric give it a kick . no response . eric I guess it be dead . they walk into the flat . int . eric be flat - live room - night Eric 's flat consist of a good size live room area with a connect kitchen and a small bedroom in the back . in the front of the live room there be a small balcony where the sound of the city pour in . the room itself be a general mess . a bunch of gun be pile in one corner of the floor . hung up on the wall be a huge , french " dress to kill " poster . some brazilian gilberto / getz music be play . sitting at the table play card be three man : francois , ricardo , and jean . sitting on the couch roll a cigarette with hash be claude and oliver . they all turn as Zed and Eric walk in . eric hello . they all return the greeting . eric ( to Zed ) okay . this be francois , ricardo , Jean , Oliver , and Claude . get it ? zed I will . eric they all know who you be . ( to the rest of they ) ne soyez pa salaud . offrez une biere au plus grand perceur de coffres . Oliver stand up and walk to the kitchen . oliver ( with a English accent ) Zed , would you like a beer ? zed thanks . oliver do not think of it . claude ( to Zed ) come . sit down . int . eric be flat - kitchen - night the kitchen be a absolute pig stye . dish be pile up in the sink and on the counter . Oliver grab a glass that have some old beer in it and empty it . he scratch some filth off of it and pour some beer into the glass . int . eric be flat - live room - night Zed take a seat on the couch next to Claude . suddenly , a spider monkey dress in a little uncle Sam costume come screeching up onto Zed 's lap and then up onto he head , the whole time claw at he eye . Eric , amused , turn from the man play card and smile . claude ( to Zed ) easy . do not scare he . he just want to claim you . Zed be freeze as the monkey climb around he and then onto Claude 's shoulder . claude let I introduce you properly . this be Enrique . the monkey screech . claude he like to be call chim chim , but we do not always get what we like ... do we ? again , the hideous creature screech . claude ( to Enrique ) tais -toi ! ( then to Zed ) do you like hash ? then Eric interrupt . eric ( jokingly ) do not sit next to that junkie . claude ahhhhhh ! Claude throw a light cigarette at he which explode into a mass of spark . they laugh . eric ( to Claude ) that little shit monkey of yours piss on my billy holiday album . next time he 's out the door . ( to Zed ) Zed , come here . Zed get up and go with Eric to the bedroom . on the way Oliver hand he the glass of beer . oliver here you go mate . zed thanks . Oliver sit down next to Claude . int . eric be flat - bedroom - night Eric 's bed have probably never be make . in fact , this room look a lot like quentin tarantino 's old apartment . but , there be a certain order to all this chaos . Eric pull out a blueprint and spread it out over the bed . eric do not ask I where we get this . zed okay . eric on bastille Day , all the bank be close . he place he hand on the blueprint . eric but this one . bip . the banque internationale de Paris . and for be greedy capitalist perhaps they will remain close next bastille day . yes ? Zed smile . eric we will go in and shut the bank down . now , look at this . Eric pull out a complex electronic schematic . eric as you can see , only one person can start the alarm . ( he hand it to Zed ) the concierge , at this desk . ( he point it out on the blueprint ) we will take care of he . then we can close the bank . no one will know the difference since every other bank will be close . zed ( turn the schematic around ) be you sure he will not push the alarm ? eric ahhh ! he 's right next to the door . we would have to be totally incompetent not to stop he . do not worry about that . he point to the main floor vault . eric here . this be where they keep the day reserve cash . okay fuck that . he flip the page to the lower level blueprint . eric there be many vault downstairs , but this be the vault we must get into . this be where the real prize be . zed what kind of vault be that ? he check the blueprint . eric ah ... swiss make . a caliber . zed caliber ? ( he think about it ) it will take three hour . eric no , that 's too long . zed that 's how long it will take . eric well shit . it 's too long . we have to be in and out . ( he snap he finger ) like that . or there will be suspicion . a little time be okay ... but too long and ... he shrug he shoulder in a " I do not know gesture . " zed well hold on a second . ( point to the blueprint ) what 's this ? Eric look down at the blueprint . there be a small passage connect the main vault to a adjacent vault . eric another vault . zed no this . Eric look closely at the blueprint . eric I do not know ... it connect the two vault . zed well , what kind of vault be this other one ? eric ( read the blueprint ) also swiss , but this one be a Poseidon . zed why would that two vault be connect ? eric I do not know . zed because I can get into this vault in half a hour . maybe less . eric but this entry way be too small to get the platen out . we have a lot of merchandise in there . zed no , do not you see ? we get in through this secondary vault and take this passage to the other main vault . from the inside I could open the caliber vault in five minute . eric you could open it in five minute ? zed from the inside it 's easy . eric ( excited ) hot damn . that be we answer . zed okay . when be bastille day ? eric tomorrow . zed tomorrow !? we be do this tomorrow ? eric but of course . zed it 's impossible . eric it 's not impossible . everyone know what to do . zed I do not know what to do . eric you do not need to know shit . just get into the vault and we will do the rest . zed I have not even see the bank . eric fuck the bank . before we do a job we live life . it 's better that way . okay ? zed ( unsure ) okay . eric good . now we do heroin ! CUT to : int . eric be flat - bathroom - night extreme close on : Eric make heroin . the heroin powder be put into a spoon with some lemon squeeze into it , then a little bit of tap water . huddle around Eric be francois , ricardo , and Oliver . oliver ( so high he 's wobble ) you have to look at the starship Enterprise as a metaphor for the human brain . no one be really listen to Oliver . Eric take out a lighter and cook it to a boil . oliver ( continue ) spock be the right hemisphere of the brain , all logic and intellect . Mc coy be the leave hemisphere , stricktly emotional . and kirk be the unseen observer . he drift between the two . back and forth , as it might be , catch between the two think process . eric [ cotton . ] ricardo hand he a cotton ball . oliver ( continue ) it 's really quite brilliant you know . that 's why Star Trek be and always will be a hit show . Eric place the cotton ball in the spoon with the mixture . eric ( to Oliver ) [ here , shut up and hold this . ] he hand Oliver the spoon and take out a needle . use the cotton as a filter he draw the heroin into the syringe . then , he hold the syringe up and start tapping it . eric [ do not want to get air bubbles in my vein . ] they all laugh at this . int . eric be flat - live room - night in the meantime , Zed be sit on the couch with Claude and Jean . Claude be roll a hash and tobacco cigarette . Jean be chopping up some powder heroin on the glass of a small picture . jean do you want heroin ? zed no , I want to be sharp for tomorrow . Jean and Claude laugh at this . jean no . a little bit of heroin , some hash , a beer ... and you be just right . Jean snort a line . Claude offer Zed the spliff . Zed shake he head " no " . claude okay . jean ( recover from the snort ) that 's good . Eric , francois , ricardo , and Oliver come out of the kitchen laugh . Eric , ricardo , and Oliver take a seat on the couch opposite Zed . francois sit on the floor . Eric roll up he sleeve . eric ( to ricardo in french ) [ hold my arm . ] ( then to Zed ) my vein be like a rock . ricardo take hold of he arm and squeeze . Eric insert the needle into he vein and draw out a little blood . it mix with the heroin , then he pump it in ... then back into the syringe , then all the way back in . he withdraw the needle . ricardo let go of he arm . Eric be in bliss . his eye roll back into he head . he look like he 's on the verge of fall asleep . then Jean take another snort . pretty soon everyone be smoking and get high , shoot up , and drink more beer . then Jean hold out a piece of fold aluminum foil with some heroin in it . jean ( to Zed ) try some . it 's call chase the dragon . the chinese have be do it for century . zed I do not think so . jean oh , but you must . it will make you feel as though the rest of the world be in a bubble of glass and that you be rub up against it like a bad windshield wiper . they stick the aluminum foil with the heroin in it up next to he face . they then light the bottom of the foil with a lighter . before Zed know it , he 's inhale a silky ribbon of smoke . suddenly we plane of focus wildly shift and we ... focus dissolve to : int . eric be car - moving - night ricardo be racing Eric 's car through the street of Paris weaving in and out of traffic . next to he be Oliver , and in the back seat be Zed and Eric . they be give the very stone Zed a whirlwind tour of the sight . a car speed up next to they . in it be francois , and Claude , with Jean drive . they be racing with ricardo through the street . the Patrick hernandez song " bear to be alive " be blast away on the radio . eric there . that 's Notre Dame . but before Zed can even look it have past by . ricardo do you like french car ? all Zed can notice be that the speedometer be at 160 kilometer per hour . he try to calculate what that be in mile per hour . zed ( answer Enrique 's question ) yes . ricardo I like the cadillac . fifty - two to seventy - five . very nice . eric up here you can see the eiffel tower . Zed be in too much of a blur . he lean over to Eric . zed be tomorrow really bastille day ? eric yes , tomorrow we pull the biggest job in french history . and spend the rest of we life in monte Carlo . the drunken englishman , Oliver , belch and then cheer . ext . paris STREET - night the two car be franticly racing through traffic . int . jean be car - moving - night Jean be very intent on beat they to whatever location it be they be go to . Claude , in the seat next to he , give he some advice . claude [ faster , faster ... go faster . let 's beat they ! ] francois laugh and cough out a cloud of smoke . ext . paris STREET - night Jean 's car make a dangerous lane change across traffic and cut off ricardo . int . eric be car - moving - night ricardo swerve as he pass a joint to Eric . ricardo [ shit ! that bastard . ] eric ( to ricardo ) watch it ! do not crash my car . Eric take a big hit . eric over here be where the male prostitute sell themselves . do you see ? no , Zed do not see . suddenly , everyone in the car be shouting out the window . oliver ( out the window ) Fucking fag ! eric ( also out the window ) suce mar bite ?! ricardo pervert d'homosexuel ! Eric laugh . eric ( into Zed 's ear ) this be good to have you here . we could not do this without you . Zed nod . eric everyone have agree to give you double share . that 's good . Zed nod , delirious . eric you know I have aids . from the needle . Zed can not believe this . he 's not sure if what he hear be what he think he hear . zed really ? then Eric see something . eric okay , up here be the Arc de triomphe . they take a sharp turn . CUT to : int . cellar - night Eric , Zed , francois , ricardo , Jean , Claude , and Oliver be all walk down some dank stone step into a cellar . somewhere crazy Raymond Scott toy Jazz music be play . a old wine cellar have be convert into a toy Jazz club . nothing fancy ... dirt floor , chair and small table scattered about ... but the arched brick ceiling make for great acoustic . on stage a band be play away . in the audience sit about twelve french people , all enjoy the music . at the buffet in the back of the club near the door some table have be set up with a buffet of local cuisine on it . behind the table be two rotund but happy french woman mirelle and josephine . Eric , Zed , francois , ricardo , Jean , Claude , and Oliver walk in and immediately start blabbing away in french to mirelle and josephine . Eric hand they some money . zed' table everyone enter and take seat at various part of the club . Oliver sit next to Zed . oliver so , how long have you know Eric ? zed well , Eric 's mother be american . oliver yeah , and he dad 's french . zed they be divorced . and she and he father have some kind of six month split plan set up . so every six month he would come back to the state . we be best friend . eventually he and he mother have a fall out and he stay here . it 's be ... year . oliver well , it 's good to have you here . Eric speak fairly highly of you . say , he say you be a big fan of Viking film . zed well ... I suppose . I use to be , when I be young . oliver oh they be the best . helmet with horn on they . shit . that 's fuck genius . he start laugh . oliver how ' bout toy Jazz ? you like it ? Zed watch the player on stage and then nod . zed yeah ... I guess . oliver I love it . it 's really good , you know ? like real music . it have a heart and culture all it 's own . it 's , like , jazz for dwarve ... or guy in leiderhosen . total purity of essence . zed yeah . oliver hungry cannibal would like it . then Claude come up to they with some glass and a bottle of red wine . claude here , you must drink some of this wine , it 's good . he pour Zed a glass . Oliver pass on the wine . oliver ( to Claude ) non merci , c'est de la merde . claude ( to Oliver ) La ferme . c'est du bon vin . ( to Zed ) the fuck English . Zed sip some . he 's in no real shape to tell if the wine 's good or not . on stage suddenly , it seem as though the band music get louder . the horn really start to scream and the room become a delirium of music . the band stand up . in the audience the people watch start to dance , if not in they seat then right in front of everything . zed' table suddenly , Zed notice something ... on stage Eric be up on stage play a trombone right alongside the band . zed' table Zed blink but it 's true . Oliver and Claude start laugh . oliver look at he . he 's crazy . on stage and surely he must be , yet , in a strange way , he 's keep up with the other musician and sounding pretty good . Eric be all smile as he play with they . sweat be run down he face but he 's catch up in the moment . elise , a woman from the audience have jump up onto the stage , catch up in Eric 's frenzy , and be dance about like James Brown . then , the music crescendos and Eric hand the trombone back to a musician . the set be over . Eric skip off the stage and walk over to where Oliver , Claude , and Zed be sit . ext . bank - day extreme close on : the door to the bank . francois put a sign on the door that read : [ close for bastille Day ] . CUT to : int . bank - sub lobby hall - day the sub lobby teller and the sub lobby guard # 2 rendezvous with the sub lobby assistant . sub lobby teller ( to assistant ) [ do the phone work ? ] sub lobby assistant [ they go dead . ] sub lobby teller merde ! they walk out into the sub lobby . int . bank - sub lobby - day the sub level teller and the sub lobby assistant walk into the sub lobby just as Eric , Zed , Oliver , and the bank manager start come down the stair . at the sight of Eric and he man the sub lobby guard # 2 aim he weapon but do not fire because of the bank manager . Eric press he uzi against the bank manager 's neck . eric ( to the guard ) [ Drop the gun ! ] he do not . eric [ Drop you gun now and nobody die ! ] after a moment think about this , and the fact that Oliver have a saw - off aim at he , he slowly put he gun on the floor . eric [ good boy . ] they descend down the stair into the sub lobby . Oliver take he gun . CUT to : int . bank - lobby - day francois , ricardo , and Jean have finish herding everyone behind the teller window . Claude be on he way downstairs . claude [ I be go to check thing out downstairs . ] ricardo ( to the people ) [ now ! on the ground ! face down ! ] then , for effect , he kick a man . CUT to : int . bank - sub lobby - day Claude come downstairs with he gun raise . claude [ all clear down here ? ] everyone turn . eric [ take this two upstairs . and chain the gate to the sub lobby shut . ] Oliver push the sub lobby guard # 2 and the sub lobby assistant toward Claude . then he hand he a chain . Claude can barely maintain he enthusiasm . claude [ the phone and video be down ! we be lock up tight !] ( then in English ) we fuck do it ! he take the two upstairs . Eric smile through he tooth at the bank manager . eric [ any other I should worry about ? ] bank manager [ no . ] eric ( to Oliver ) [ well , just to be sure -- ] then , from one of the safety deposit booth a sound be hear . all eye turn to it . Oliver walk up to it and kick the door in . the stodgy customer be kneel in it . he instantly hold he hand high . oliver [ freeze motherfucker ! ] Eric walk up , gun in hand . eric [ who the fuck be you ? ] stodgy customer [ please do not shoot I ! ] oliver [ on the ground ! ] he do . eric ( to the bank manager ) [ make a deposit I hope . ] ( he smile to Oliver ) [ bring he with we . ] they all make they way down through the sub lobby hall . int . bank - reserve vault area - day they be herding the man through the hall . bank manager ( to the sub lobby teller ) [ vault lock ? ] sub lobby teller [ yes . ] eric [ shut you fuck mouth ! ] bank manager ( to Eric ) [ the vault door be shut and time lock . you will not be able to open they . ] they walk through a doorway into the storage / elevator area . int . bank - storage / elevator area - day Eric push the manager and the other through the doorway . eric ( to the bank manager ) [ you think we be fuck amateur ? you think we be stupid ? I have get news for you ... we plan ahead my friend ! ] Eric push they infront of the calibre vault door . eric [ now save we a lot of time and just open the vault . ] bank manager [ no . ] eric [ okay . ] he release the bank manager and stuff the barrel of he handgun into the sub level teller mouth . eric [ open the vault . ] the teller 's eye widen . bank manager [ I cannot . ] eric [ oh . ] ( to the teller ) [ can you ? ] bank manager [ no . once close only I can open it .] eric [ then open it . ] bank manager [ I cannot . ] the sub lobby teller 's eye plead with the bank manager . Zed be watch the whole affair nervously . eric [ do you understand that I will kill she if you do not open this fuck vault ? ] bank manager [ do you understand that this be a international reserve bank ? robbing it be punishable by life imprisonment . ] Eric fire . the back of the sub lobby teller 's head paint the wall red . zed Jesus fuck Christ ! the bank manager , shocked as he be , look at Zed . he know he 's a american . the sub lobby teller 's body slump to the ground . Eric grab the stodgy customer and put the gun to he temple . eric [ open the vault door or I will kill this man next . ] the bank manager be freaking out , but after what be probably the most horribly agonizing internal debate , he hold he ground . bank manager [ I still can not open the vault . ] eric [ come on . it 's only thing in there . this man be flesh and blood . ] bank manager [ I will not open the vault . ] zed Eric no ! I can open the vault ! eric shut the fuck up ! ( then to the stodgy customer ) [ you be a customer in this bank and this be how they treat you . do you have a family ? ] he nod he head " yes " . eric [ would you like to see they again ? ] he nod he head again . eric ( to the manager ) [ this man have a family he would like to have bastille day dinner with tonight . so save we some time and open the vault . ] after lose about a pound of sweat ... bank manager [ no . ] Eric quickly remove the gun from the customer temple and fire two shot into the bank manager 's face . the bank manager fall against the vault door and onto the floor . eric Fucking idiot . ( then to the stodgy customer ) [ you seem like a nice man . tonight at dinner think about how lucky you be and how much you love you family . ] he start nodd he head . stodgy customer oui. eric ( to Oliver ) [ take he upstairs . ] Oliver take the customer upstairs to the rest of the people . Eric rip off he mask . eric do not you ever conflict with I during work again ! do you hear !? Zed off he clown mask . zed you do not have to shoot any of they ! eric ( patronize ) oh , I be sorry . I do not realize you be in charge now . nobody tell I . ( he temper flare ) if he have open the vault it would have save we a fuck hour . he charge into the reserve vault area . int . bank - reserve vault area - day they enter and Eric walk up to a bathroom door . zed Eric . it 's just that we have go from be thief to murderer . eric oh fuck it do not matter ! here you get the death penalty just for robbing a federal bank . zed I think the death penalty be abolish in 1980 ? eric ohhhh ! that 's what they tell you ! but who care ? I need to take a piss . Eric enter the bathroom . eric ( on he way into the bathroom ) why do not you open the vault ? Zed look at the bathroom door close . after a fume pause he turn and walk back toward the Poseidon vault door . CUT to : int . bank - lobby - day francois peek through the venetian blind of the window to the outside . francois [ look clear . ] in the meantime , behind the teller window guard the people who be lay on the floor , Jean and ricardo be in the middle of a conversation . Oliver be sit on the counter , have just bring the stodgy customer upstairs . also here now be the sub lobby assistant and the sub lobby guard # 2 . jean [ what do you mean you be not sure if the alarm go off or not ? ] ricardo [ I mean I be not sure . ] jean [ well , either it do or it do not . ] ricardo [ and I be not sure . ] jean [ well , do you think it do ? ] ricardo [ I just fuck tell you , I do not know . ] jean [ take a guess . ] ricardo [ it do not . ] jean [ you be sure ? ] ricardo [ no . it 's just a guess . ] jean [ well what kind of a fuck guess be that ? you be say it could have . ] ricardo [ yes . ] jean [ well that 's fuck great . why do not you just kill that asshole to begin with . I know I should have be the one to kill he . you be always so damn slow . ] ricardo [ shit this mask be really hot . ] claude [ I know , I have get fuck sweat sting my eye . ] in the meantime Zoey be on the floor , unsure of what be go on . CUT to : int . bank - vault antechamber - day Zed open up he steel briefcase . Inside of it be all sort of electronic gear and tool . he take out a tape measure and some calliper and measure out a point on the vault door . he mark the point with a piece of chalk . CUT to : int . bank - men' bathroom - day in one of the stall Eric be prepare a syringe . he have just cook the heroin and be now tapping on it to get the bubbles out . CUT to : int . bank - vault antechamber - day Zed take a power drill out from the briefcase and attaches a special diamond tip bit . he measure the depth he want to drill to and then mark the bit with a yellow pencil . he place he ear to the vault and tap the spot . CUT to : int . bank - men' bathroom - day Eric ready the needle and slap he vein . he be shaking but try to remain as still as possible . he place the needle at the end of a track on he arm and insert it . CUT to : int . bank - vault antechamber - day Zed start drilling into the point he mark with the chalk on the vault door . CUT to : int . bank - men' bathroom - day Eric 's eye roll back into he head as the heroin fill he vein . he drop the needle to the floor and sit back to enjoy the rush . dissolve to : int . bank - lobby - day Zoey be sit on the floor next to the other bank hostage . CUT to : int . bank - vault antechamber - day extreme close on : Zed 's drill bit . it burrow into the steel wall of the safe spew out spiral shaving . CUT to : int . bank - lobby - day Zoey look at all the people sit around she . they be all scared . Jean , ricardo , and francois be talk amongst themselves . jean ( in french to ricardo ) [ do you know one ? ] ricardo [ let 's see . okay . a unfortunate fellow be lock up in prison do five to ten for armed robbery . all he could think of the whole time be eat pussy . ] Zoey look up at they tell the joke . ricardo [ the day finally come for he release . he walk out of the prison with a new suit and fifty francs the official have give he , and make a bee-line for the whorehouse in the nearest town . slam he fifty francs on the front desk , he say , " I wanna eat some pussy . " ] Jean be already laugh . ricardo [ I be not do . listen . " where have you be , " say the greasy fellow behind the desk , " fifty francs will not get you a close look this day . " ] Zoey glance at all of the people . then she eye lock with the concierge security guard . ricardo [ " listen buddy , " say the ex-convict , pull he out of he chair by the shirt collar , " I wanna eat some pussy , and I want it now ! " ] the concierge security guard lift he pant leg slowly . ricardo [ " okay , okay , " gasped the proprietor , " I will see what I can do . " so the ex-con follow he through to the very back of the warehouse through some stain , tatter red curtain , and into a grimy little room where a bedraggle look whore lay spreadeagled on a filthy bed . " she 's yours for fifty francs , " say the proprietor , and the fellow go at it .] Zoey notice that on the concierge security guard 's leg be a ankle holster with a small .38 pistol on it . his finger begin to unsnap the safety harness on it . her eye widen . ricardo [ after a little while , he come across a piece of egg . " that 's funny , " he think to himself , " I do not think I have egg for breakfast . " but he spat it out and keep eat away . next he find a piece of chip beef wedge between he front tooth . " I be sure I have not eat chip beef this week , " he think , but keep on . then he come across the corn . " what be this ? " he say , " I think I be go to be sick . " ] the concierge security guard unsnap the safety . Zoey know he 's go to make he move . ricardo [ " ya know , " say the whore , " that 's what the last guy say . " ] before they can even laugh the concierge security guard whip out the .38 and fire three shot . two of they hit ricardo in the chest . he fall to the ground . the other hit francois in the arm . in a instant Jean be fire he machine gun into the group of people huddle on the floor . everyone be scream and try to get away . Machine gun fire cut through the concierge security guard kill he dead . unfortunately , the wild spray of bullet also rip into three of the teller , four of the customer , and the loan officer , kill they all . people be try to flee but Claude fire he gun into the ceiling . claude [ no one fuck move ! ] Jean have jump up on the table and be aim at the people . jean [ shit ! what happen !?] CUT to : int . bank - vault antechamber - day Zed look up hearing the commotion . Eric come run out of the bathroom and into the storage / elevator area . eric what be it ? what 's go on ? Zed get up to go upstairs . zed I do not know . eric no ! you stay here . Eric run upstairs . CUT to : int . bank - lobby - day francois be on the ground hold he arm . he keep roll back and forth in pain . ricardo be dead . Jean , Claude , and Oliver be wave they gun around ready to kill someone any second . jean [ nobody fuck move ! nobody fuck move ! ] Claude motion to the dead security guard . claude [ the gun ! somebody get it !] Oliver go over to the dead security guard , the whole time wave he gun at people . oliver [ do not fuck with I ! do not fuck with I !] he grab the gun from the dead security guard limp grip . Eric storm in . he be not wear he mask . eric [ what the fuck be go on !?] Zoey notice Eric , she remember he . oliver ( point at the dead man ) [ this crazy fuck shot ricardo ! ] Eric look over at ricardo and then at the carnage . then everybody notice he be not wear a mask . jean ( quietly ) [ Eric , you mask . ] eric oh shit . then Oliver yank he off . oliver who give a damn if they see we or not anyway ! I can not see a fuck think in this ! everyone take they mask off . eric [ be this what happen ? be this what happen when I walk away for five minute ? ] claude [ he have a hide gun . ] eric ( mimick a little child ) [ he have a hide gun . ] ( then back to normal ) [ I do not care ! ] then , one of the bank customer , a male tourist , speak up . male tourist ( hold up he passport ) this be insane ! I be a U.S. citizen ! you must let I go ! Eric look at he . male tourist I be a american ! american ! I be just here exchange dollar . if it be not for my country you would all be speak german ! Eric be tired of this outburst , he shoot he . everyone scream . eric ( to the people ) [ I have have enough of this nonsense ! the next person that speak will die ! ] everyone be quiet . francois be sit on the floor bleed from he arm . jean [ Eric , I be sorry . thing get out of hand . but we be in control now . ] eric [ good . let 's try to keep it that way . God what a mess . ] claude Eric eric [ what the fuck be it now !? you want I to hold you hand as you take a piss ? ] claude [ I have a question . ] eric [ what ? ] claude [ do we know if the alarm go off or not ? ] eric [ yes . ] claude [ we do ? ] eric [ yes . it do not go off . if it have the police would be here and we whole plan would be fuck . but they be not here , and we plan be not fuck . so if there be not any more fuck stupid question I will go downstairs and see if we be in yet . be that okay with you ? ] Claude nod . then , the phone ring . everyone look at it . eric [ I think the phone be dead . ] it ring again . oliver the phone be dead . Eric grab a woman teller who be cry hysterically and lift she to she foot . he drag she to the ringing phone . eric [ answer it ! ] she be cry too hard . Eric put he gun to she head . eric [ answer it or you will die . ] she slowly pick up the phone . woman teller ( answer phone through tear ) banque internationale de Paris . she pause , then hand the phone to Eric . woman teller [ it 's for you . ] Eric take the phone and push she to the floor . he put the receiver to he ear . eric ( into phone ) [ hello . ] ( pause ) [ who be this ? ] Eric motion to Oliver to check the window . Oliver run over and peek out the blind . oliver oh my God ! the police ! eric ( into phone ) [ what do you want ? ] Eric look around at the dead body . eric ( into phone ) [ we be all fine in here . ] Oliver be pace back and forth wildly . he start load extra ammo into he weapon . eric ( into phone ) [ no . I will tell you what , you go fuck yourself you fuck pig . you send anyone near this building and I will kill the first person I lay my hand on . I have get plenty hostage here to kill so do not even think of come in .] ( pause ) [ just stay put . we will call you when we be ready . in the mean time , have a nice day . ] Eric hang up the phone , and then leave it off the hook . claude [ the silent alarm must have go off after all ! ] eric [ shut the fuck up ! the alarm do not do shit . for all we know you idiot shoot bring they here . anyhow it do not matter . nothing have change . ] jean [ my God ! the police ! what be we go to do ? ] eric [ nothing . we do not have to do anything . the plan stay the same , just slightly different . ] then Eric catch sight of Zoey , they eye lock . Eric smile and wink . then he turn to Jean with a whisper . eric [ if the police decide to come in ... kill they . and if you do not mind , stack that body somewhere else . this place be a fuck mess and it 's bad for morale . ] then he take off downstairs , smile . Jean be a little stump . int . bank - reserve vault area - day as Eric walk down the stair and through the reserve vault area a look of intense concentration wash over he face . you can see that a trillion calculation be be make in he brain ... the question be : be there any answer ? CUT to : int . bank - vault antechamber - day Zed be drilling now with a hand drill . he remove it and blow into the hole . shaving come out . Eric come trot into the antechamber whistling . zed ( turn to Eric ) what 's go on ? eric nothing . they be just scare they . zed well , do you tell they to stay quiet ? eric yes . they be asshole . just have fun . Zed look into the hole . he have drill into the vault door , revealing some wiring . zed fucked up my drill bit . eric it 's okay . you can buy another one . Zed take out a volt meter from he briefcase and insert the two prong into the hole . zed Cross you finger . Eric do . the volt meter 's needle jump . zed perfect . eric excellent . what next ? zed we find the fuse box . it will probably be upstairs . Zed get up . eric it 's okay . I will find it for you . zed no . I need to see it myself . Zed jump up and into the storage / elevator area with Eric close behind he . eric I think it would be better if I look for you . I could -- int . bank - storage / elevator area - day instead of walk upstairs , Zed find the fuse box right in the next room . zed hold on . here she be . Eric be a bit relieved . Zed open it up . zed let 's see . he look through the fuse and then find the one he want . zed okay , you throw this fuse switch off and then back on when I call to you . any other switch may set off the alarm . Eric smirk . eric oh , I would not want to do that . zed ( serious ) get it ? eric ( nodd ) get it . Zed go back to the vault . int . bank - vault antechamber - day Zed trot back to the Poseidon vault door and quickly grab a little gizmo from out of he briefcase . it be a little home - make black box with a series of LED 's on it and two wire come out of one side with alligator clip on the end . Three other wire be also come out of it . he slip the alligator clip into the hole and latch they . he then tape one of the wire to the vault itself . the two remain wire he hook up to a large twelve volt battery . zed come on sweetie do not fail I now . he look toward the door lead to the reserve vault area . zed ( call to Eric ) ready ?! eric ( o.s. ) ( call back ) ready ! Zed turn on he little box , the LED 's start flicker . zed now ! the light go out and then back on . there be a whirring sound from the vault door . the LED 's quickly go from red to green . there be a loud , heavy click as the vault door unlock . zed open seasame . Zed smile and swing the door open revealing the interior of the Poseidon vault . Eric come run in like a kid on Christmas morning . eric it work ! he and Zed hug . eric oh my God it work ! Zed look into the Poseidon vault at the passage connect it to the main vault . it be cover by a small lock cage . zed I can get through that lock in a minute . eric then do it . we do not have all day . Zed enter the Poseidon vault . int . bank - poseidon vault - day Zed go to the gated passage which be not much more than a window in one upper side of the vault , but it 's enough to get he into the main vault . Eric be right behind he . Zed take a twirl at the combination lock . zed dime store brand . Three minute max . eric good . then , there 's a gunshot . the bullet come from the calibre vault through the window and almost hit Zed . Zed fall backwards onto the floor . zed fuck ! eric merde ! then there 's another gunshot . the bullet ricochet through the vault . zed Jesus Christ ! scramble on they hand and knee Zed and Eric crawl out of the Poseidon vault . int . bank - vault antechamber - day they take cover . another shot be fire into the vault . Zed and Eric look into the vault . zed another security guard ? eric must be . zed I think I stain my pants . eric I too . Oliver come run in with he gun ready for action . oliver what be it ?! I come down to see how thing be go and hear shot ! eric some asshole in the vault . Oliver take cover and cock he gun . oliver we have get gun . why do not we just storm in and blast he fuck ass ! it 's three against one ! let 's give it the old -- eric quiet ! oliver I be just try to be helpful . eric just let I think . oliver you do not have to snap at I . Eric peek into the vault . eric ( call into the vault ) [ hey you . Nice shoot . play time 's over . why do not you throw out you gun ? ] vault guard # 1 ( o.s. ) ( call from main vault ) no ! Oliver and Eric look at each other and smile . eric [ come on . we do not want to kill you . ] vault guard # 1 ( o.s . ) [ you will have to ! ] eric ( quietly to Zed ) what be this guy problem ? ( then to the guard ) [ come on ! you be make I impatient . I do not have all day . ] vault guard # 1 ( o.s. ) [ look , do not take it personally . this be my job . ] Oliver and Eric look at each other and shrug . then Eric see something in Zed 's briefcase . it look like grey clay . eric [ then take a pay vacation . we will not tell if you will not . ] there be a pause . during this time Eric take the clay and push a detonator into it . zed ( quietly ) what the Hell be you do ? have you go mad ? vault guard # 1 ( o.s. ) [ sorry . I can not . ] eric [ well , look , we be go to give you fifteen minute to change you mind . okay ? ] vault guard # 1 ( o.s. ) [ okay . ] Zed start to grab the plastique away from Eric . Eric resist . zed ( hold he voice down ) that 's too much . it 's dangerous . eric I like danger . ( then to the guard ) [ change you mind yet ? ] Eric creep into the room and activate the detonator . Zed and Oliver run for cover . vault guard # 1 ( o.s. ) [ no . and I be not go to . why do not you just take the money from the other vault ?--] Eric toss the bar of plastique through the cage window and make a break for it . there be a huge explosion in the adjoin main vault . the wall quake and a fireball bellow out of the cage window , blow it open . the vault guard # 1 scream and then go silent . CUT to : int . bank - lobby - day francois , Claude , and Jean be force customer to drag dead body into a cube . the room shake and everyone look toward the hall that lead to the stair . the hostage , whose nerve be already shot , start cry . francois [ should we see if they be okay ? ] jean [ no . they be just blast the vault open . ] claude [ what do it matter now ? we be fuck surround by police . ] CUT to : int . bank - vault antechamber - day Dust have blow out of the vault and be settling on Oliver , Zed , and Eric , who be laugh like a madman . Zed be look at he like he 's crazy . zed you asshole ! you could have kill we all . eric but I do not ! let 's go check out the damage . Eric get up and walk into the Poseidon vault . before Zed follow he he look at Oliver who do not know what to think . int . bank - poseidon vault - day Eric laugh . eric Zed look ! he point to the cage window . it 's be blow off it 's hinge . eric I beat you ! I open it in under three minute . he start laugh and then crawl through the connect passage into the caliber vault . Zed , with he briefcase , follow . zed ( to Oliver ) go around and wait at the main vault door . when I tell you , open it up . oliver right . when you tell I , I will open it up . zed right . oliver right . Zed crawl through the open . oliver I will be at the other vault wait for you to call to I . int . caliber vault - day the main vault look like what a vault would look like if it be blow up from the inside . on the floor be the still smolder body of the security guard . the room be incredibly smokey . Zed squeeze through the open . then , Eric , grin like a schoolboy , emerge from the smoke with a brick size bar of pure gold . eric look at it ! we be all rich ! the smoke clear and we see that on the far side of the vault there be a huge platen on wheel with brick of gold stack onto it . Eric start laugh . eric we be rich ! Zed look at he like he 's crazy . eric we be rich ! zed we be not out of here yet . eric yes but we be rich ! Zed take a seat at the vault door . the backside of a vault door look like a incredibly intricate clock . Zed remove the plexiglass shield . eric I be go to show the other . he squirm out of the entry with the brick of gold . Zed shake he head and go to work set dial and use he voltmeter to test electrical point . CUT to : int . bank - lobby - day Claude be talk to Jean . claude [ what ? you think we may actually get out of this ? you be fool yourself . ] jean [ why be you such a pessimist ? ] claude [ be you kid I ? look at this mess . ] Jean survey the mess , the cry people . claude [ this be nothing . imagine the police outside . we be dead man . ] Eric walk in from the rear stair . in he hand be a brick of gold . eric [ Jean , francois , Claude ... look at this . ] they see the gold . jean [ you do it ! you get in !] eric [ Zed be open the vault now . this be a taste . ] Eric hold the bar of gold up for all the people to see . eric [ look at this and tell I I be not brilliant . ] woman customer ( cry ) [ you be a monster ! and you will never leave this place alive ! ] Eric shoot she with he uzi. eric ( to the hostage ) [ none of you be worth half of this single bar . remember that . ] francois , Jean , and Claude look at each other . claude [ eric...can I speak with you ? ] eric [ of course . ] claude [ in private . ] eric [ there 's no need . I have nothing to hide . what be it Claude ? ] claude [ well ... we be surround by the police and we have no way out . what be we go to do ? ] Eric slap he across the face . eric [ what be you do Claude ? talk of all this false doubt . what do you think we be go to do ? ] Claude be hurt , not physically but emotionally . claude [ I do not know ... not the original plan . ] eric [ obviously , since ricardo fuck we up and do not kill the concierge fast enough . and kill all this asshole -- ] ( motion to all the customer ) [ -- be not go to do we a damn bit of good now , be it ? ] claude no . eric [ no . because we will need they as hostage when we get on the plane . ] claude [ we be go on a plane ? ] Eric pat he shoulder . eric [ Claude , you be a mental giant . leave the plan up to I and just kill people if they get out of line , okay ? ] claude [ okay . ] Eric turn and start to walk toward the downstairs . eric [ I be go to see how thing be go . ] int . bank - rear stair to lobby - day Eric be whistling while he walk , he pause to perform a quick magic trick , then he continue . int . reserve vault area - day Eric walk into the reserve vault area . he stop . he hear something . a scratch sound . he look at it 's source , two policemen , deck out in black flak jacket and gas mask be start to come out of a sewer manhole . Eric 's eye widen . he take he silencer out of he coat and fix it to he handgun . then , like a man with intent to kill , he rapidly approach they . the one who come out of the manhole turn just in time to see Eric fire into he chest . then , Eric aim the gun into the tight crawlspace and fire into the other man . for safe measure he empty he gun into the tiny causeway . he drop the gun into the hole and then shove the other policeman into it . he then push a large utility wagon over the manhole cover to stop anyone else from come in . int . bank - rear stair to lobby - day Eric come run out from the reserve vault area and up the stair to the lobby . int . bank - lobby - day Eric rush into the lobby . eric [ they want to fuck with I !? they want to fuck with I !?] he put the phone on the hook . it instantly ring . he answer the phone . eric [ you want to fuck with I !? I will show you what happen to people who fuck with I !] he throw the phone to the ground and look at Zoey . eric [ the moment of truth my love . you know it would come . ] he grab Zoey and lift she to she foot . zoey ( screeching ) no ! then , the assistant manager stop he . assistant manager [ no ! what ever it be you be go to do have mercy ! ] Eric suddenly calm down . eric [ have mercy ? ] assistant manager [ yes . ] eric [ with she . ] assistant manager [ yes . ] eric [ that 's sweet . ] ( to Zoey ) [ you have quite a reach my lovely . be he one of you client ? ] he push Zoey to the ground . eric [ it 's a deal . ] assistant manager [ thank you . ] eric [ do not mention it . ] he grab the assistant manager and at gunpoint force he to the main entrance . claude [ Eric ! what be you do ? ] eric [ clear up the " how full of shit be I " question the cop be ask themselves right now . ] the assistant manager be put up a bit of a struggle but Eric simply force he along . everyone wait until suddenly they hear a burst of gunfire from outside . they all scream . Eric walk back into the bank , he pick up the phone . eric ( into phone ) [ hello . ] ( pause ) [ yes . I will hold .] ( then to Claude ) [ I be hold . ] after a little bit of a wait someone come on the other end of the line . eric ( into phone ) [ hello . ] ( pause ) [ you do not know the fuck half of it . so just shut the fuck up and listen . try any more stunt and I will fuck really go crazy . ] ( pause ) [ well that 's good because if you faggot cop even think of it I will kill some more people . hear ? ] ( pause ) [ no . none of that . we will not trade . that never work . not in the movie , not in real life . understand ? we be go to get into we van , with a couple of people , go to the airport , and fly out of this shit hole city . and you be not go to follow we .] ( pause ) [ who do you fuck think be go to supply the plane ? we ? no , you fuck imbecile , the french taxpayer would be a good second guess for you . you be really pissing I off . you think I be a fuck amature ? ] he cover the mouth piece . eric ( to Claude ) [ I fuck hate cop . ] CUT to : int . bank - caliber vault - day Zed be sweat as he work away at the back of the door . he glance over what he 's do and make a calculation on a calculator . then , there be a groan sound . Zed , terrify , spin around . another groan sound . the vault security guard be not dead . his body be char and he 's not move but he 's very much alive . vault guard # 1 [ I be go to die ...] Zed can not believe what he 's see . he move over to the body , leave he work behind . vault guard # 1 [ I be go to die ... please hold my ... hand . I do not ... want to die ... alone . ] Zed hover over the body , afraid to touch it . he give it a nudge with he foot . the body groan and then exhales the longest exhale ever . Zed kneel down next to the body . zed be you still there ? nothing . Zed put he hand to the neck of the vault guard # 1 and check for a pulse . nothing . Zed sit there for a moment look at the corpse , then , like he want to get out of there as soon as possible , he scramble to the door and start adjust several switch . he have wire a battery to two lead . he take out a wire cutter and snip a wire . there be a sudden barrage of whirring and click sound as the vault unlock . Zed call to Oliver from the passage . int . bank - storage / elevator area - day Oliver be stare at the dead body of the manager and sub lobby teller . zed ( o.s. ) ( distant , call from the vault ) Oliver , now ! open the vault ! Oliver turn the large wheel and open the caliber vault door . with some amount of energy the door open . stand inside be Zed . zed open seasame . he step out of the vault . zed do you want to give I a hand ? oliver sure . Oliver put he gun down and they go into the calibre vault . int . bank - caliber vault - day Oliver see the huge platen of gold brick . Zed put he steel briefcase on top of it . oliver Holy mother . zed here , help I with this . CUT to : int . bank - lobby - day Eric slam the phone down and then in a fit of rage tear the phone from the wall . eric merde ! he grab he machine gun and aim it at the sub lobby guard # 2 . the sub lobby guard # 2 brace himself for gunfire . Eric fire into he . he be dead instantly . everybody scream . Eric fire into he dead corpse until he gun run out of bullet . eric [ that 's what you get ! ] Claude put he hand on Eric 's shoulder . claude Eric . Eric look at he . eric [ the fuck police will not budge . I kill a man and they do not care . they say they do not make deal with terrorist . it really fuck up my plan . ] claude [ and what if we give up ? ] Eric can not believe this . eric ( laugh ) [ Claude , look around you . we be not talk prison here . you know . the cop will give in . you start kill woman ... they give in . they be all so fuck much in love with woman ! ] then he look at Zoey . eric [ what be you look at you fuck whore ? ] she do not want to say a thing that will upset he . eric [ be you afraid I will tell this people that this be only a day job for you ? ] she shake she head " no " . eric [ what ? so they know that you be a - - ] the sub lobby assistant speak up . sub lobby assistant [ leave she alone . ] Eric crack the butt of he gun into the man 's face . eric [ shut up ! ] he click another clip into the uzi and grab Zoey by the collar and lift she to she foot . eric [ my only mistake be not to make a example of a woman to begin with . ] CUT to : int . bank - caliber vault - day Zed take the dolly and start wheeling the platen of gold out . Oliver help he . oliver this be unbelievable . look at all of this . it 's wonderful to touch . zed just help I steer this out . they maneuver out of the calibre vault . int . bank - storage / elevator area - day they come out of the calibre vault with the huge platen . oliver do you think we should get some cash also ? zed what for ? oliver well , you never know . they start maneuver the platen toward a elevator . zed money be too easily traceable . you would never be able to spend it . and forget about exchange it . oliver that 's true . zed no sir . you best bet be to get this bar melt down in tunisia or Korea . oliver Eric know someone in Portugal . zed or Portugal . they get into the bank private freight elevator . int . bank - freight elevator - day Zed close the door and push the button to go up to the ground floor . CUT to : int . bank - lobby - day Eric be drag Zoey by the hair toward the door when she grab he groin and start squeezing . Eric let out a shrill scream and whacks the butt of the uzi into she face . but she will not let go . her year as a prostitute have teach she to ignore pain . she grab hold of the gun hand . eric ( groan ) [ you fuck bitch ! ] a few burst of the uzi go off and one shell stitches Eric 's foot red . Eric let go and fall to the ground . Claude , Jean , and francois suddenly become attentive to what 's go on . Zoey start fire the uzi but can not control it . she shower the room with bullet . she start to run toward the back office blindly fire the gun in the direction of Claude , Eric , francois , Jean , and the other hostage . then , a tear gas cannister break through the top window and start clouding the place up . Eric whip out he switch blade and hop on he bloody red foot . eric [ bitch ! ] CUT to : int . bank - freight elevator - day Zed be wait for the elevator to arrive . zed do we have a cover of some kind ? oliver a what ? zed you know . something to cover this with . it will look kind of conspicuous leave the bank with a platten of gold . oliver oh , it will not matter . the police know what we be up too . zed Police ?! what do you mean they know what we be up too ? oliver you do not know ? we have be discover . but Eric have they under control . Zed be frantic . zed no I do not know ! how many police ? oliver the building be surround . the elevator door open onto the ground floor to the sound of automatic gunfire . Zed walk out into the back office . int . bank - back office - day suddenly , from the back office , Zed see Zoey blast away a uzi and run toward the rear stairwell . Eric be in the lobby limping around . the other gang member be ducking from she fire . then , she clip run out . she see Zed , they eye lock . a image overcome Zed . she run down the stair to the back . eric kill she ! kill she ! Oliver aim he gun to fire and Zed push it up . Oliver 's gun discharge into the ceiling . Oliver and Zed begin to struggle . int . bank - lobby - day Zed and Oliver collapse out of the back office and into the lobby . they tumble onto the floor . Eric hobble over to they , he gun aim at Zed . eric what the fuck be you do !? CUT to : int . bank - reserve vault area - day Zoe be near tear . she drop the empty machine gun to the floor and start walk toward the sub lobby . CUT to : int . bank - lobby - day Eric lean down to talk to Zed. Oliver and Jean be watch . francois and Claude be more worried about the tear gas . claude [ they be try to smoke we out Eric ! ] francois [ what do we do !?] Eric wave they off with a brush of he hand . he 's concentrate on Zed . eric do you really love you bitch whore girlfriend that much ? she 's really fuck with you mind . zed Eric ... what be you talk about ? Eric lift he to he foot and hold he up against the knife . he turn he toward the smoke and whisper into he ear . eric look at it . it 's all for we . the smoke . the attention . they have no idea of who they be deal with . they have no idea what kind of man we be . zed ( think Eric be a madman ) what kind of man be we ? Eric look at he and give he a soft kiss on the cheek . eric you can no longer be in we club . you forfeit you cut of the pie . Zed laugh , there 's not gonna be much of a pie to eat . zed what about we friendship ? eric shit Zed . I have not see you in year . you hardly know I . he slashes Zed across the face with the switchblade . Zed fall backwards and tumble down the stair like a rag doll . eric never let a girl come between two man . he walk down the hall toward the gold . eric now let 's try to get out of here . Eric walk into the back office . the other look at each other . suddenly a black figure run across the bank behind the shadow , francois see it and nervously fire . in the background the distinctive sound of european police siren wail as more car pull up to the outside of the bank . also , a unintelligible voice be blaring order over a bullhorn . francois [ the police ! they be enter the building ! ] suddenly all of they start fire like blindly into the smoke . francois run back to Eric who have walk up to the elevator via the back office . int . bank - freight elevator - day Eric caress he hand across the bar of gold . eric ( to himself ) [ smoother and more give than the most selfless human be . you be beautiful . ] francois run in . francois [ Eric ! ] eric [ Jesus , what now ? ] francois [ the police be come in ! we be doom ! ] eric [ get a hostage . ] francois ( frantic ) [ they do not give a fuck about the hostage ! ] CUT to : int . bank - lobby - day Jean become a berzerker and run out into a cloud of smoke and throw the tear gas container into the thick cloud . then he turn to the police and hold he own gun to he head . jean [ do not make I !] a single bullet pass through he torso . as Jean fall to the ground he let loose a round of gunfire into the ceiling . Oliver be still fire , he face be red like a craze man . from behind the counter the sub lobby assistant grab a hold of Claude and wrestle he to the ground . the other customer start to flee for cover . Oliver see the fraca between the sub lobby assistant and Claude . it look like the sub lobby assistant be get the upper hand . Oliver swing he gun around and spray machine gun fire at they ... kill they both . CUT to : int . bank - sub lobby - day Zoe walk up the stair out , not only be they lock but a cloud of tear gas be pour into the downstairs sub lobby . suddenly , Zed stumble in . Zed be like a zombie . then he notice Zoe in the stairwell . they lock eye . zed ( almost delerious ) Zoe ... she step down into the sub lobby , machine gun crackle in the background . she run up to he just as he slump to the ground . zoe ( hold he ) my Zed . they have hurt you . she dab a cloth to he cut face . he hold it on . zoe ( try to comfort he ) you be go to be okay . in many country scar on the face be a symbol of heroism . to proudly display a flaw like a badge ... be to wear a badge of truth . he take she hand . zed be serious Zoe ... I can stick my tongue through my cheek . CUT to : int . bank - lobby - day the police be now lay it on heavy . francois come out of the office . francois Oliver ! let 's get a hostage ! oliver this be the end ! francois be rip into by machine gun fire . Oliver race past he . CUT to : int . bank - sub lobby - day tear gas be start to fill the room . Zoe stand Zed up . zoe listen to I . we be go to lock ourselves into one of the air tight vault ... if any of they be still open . they start walk toward the reserve vault area . CUT to : int . bank - freight elevator - day Eric hop into the elevator and close the door , just as Oliver run up , fire toward the police . Eric be laugh manically as he leave they behind . oliver bastard ! Oliver turn to where the police will surely be come in . CUT to : int . bank - reserve vault area - day Zoey and Zed rush into the reserve vault area . Zoey notice that the downstairs reserve vault be close . zoe merde ! the vault have be close . zed what about the other ? the gunfire upstairs have subside and have be replace by unintelligible police voice . zoe listen ... there 's no gunfire . Zoey quietly open the door opposite the vault that lead to the rear stair to the lobby level . int . bank - rear stair to lobby - day Zoey peek up the stair just in time to see Oliver bolt for the stair . oliver ( to police ) motherfucker ! a volly of gunfire rip into Oliver but he stand he ground and fire into the police . oliver you wanna fuck with I ? you wanna fuck with I ? I will show you who you be fuck with ! he start blast away . terrify , Zoey lead Zed to the storage / elevator area . zoey c'mon , we will be safer in here . CUT to : int . bank - storage / elevator area - day the elevator door open , Eric step out and look around like a cage animal . eric [ think ! ] then , Zed and Zoey appear from the hall to the reserve vault area . Eric turn to they with he gun raise , when he see they he lower it . eric Zed . they all stand there for a moment , the gunfire crack away upstairs . Eric be more casual than he should be . eric ( matter -of -factly ) what 's you girlfriend name ? zed Zoe . eric Zoe. ( to Zoey in french ) [ Zoe , come here to I . ] Zoey spit at he . Eric laugh and aim the gun at she . eric [ killing you would just be gravy , so do not fuck with I . ] zoey [ go ahead you slob . shave my ass !] Eric smashes the side of she face with the gun and then grab a hold of she arm . Zed try to stop Eric but Eric aim the gun at he . eric Zed no . I will kill you . it mean nothing to I , we friendship . zed ( start out calm and then building to a scream ) Eric ... there 's no fuck way out of here ! eric oh but you be wrong . this be my way out . this dime store couge with she motor drive ass . you find you own . Zed rush Eric and Zoey start scratch . Eric drop the gun but quickly whip out he knife . she try to get away from Eric but he have a hold on she shirt . Eric swipe at she with the knife and graze he back . then Eric slashes toward Zed who jump back . Zoey fall to the floor . eric come Zed ... I be go to cut you like a sausage . Zed be stand between Zoey and Eric . zed Zoey , get out of here ! she scramble away . he swipe at Zed . Zed jump back down the hall toward the reserve vault area . int . bank - reserve vault area - day they rush out toward the stair . eric do you see how she run ? do you see how she run ? she do not care about you . Fucking pussy only care about pussy . look out for number one . what do you say Zed ? he swipe again . eric I will kill you . and once I kill you Zed , I will get out of here . I will fuck you bitch up the ass and give she aids ... if she do not already have it . what do you say to that Zed ? he swipe and Zed grab a hold of the knife by the blade . Eric pull it free and the knife fall to the floor . Zed take this opportunity and kick Eric in the face . Eric reach for the knife . Zed , he hand bloody , dive onto Eric . Zoey also jump onto they and start yanking on Eric 's hair . she plunge she nail into he face . eric Fucking bitch ! Zed be rabbit punch Eric from underneath . then , Eric grab a hold of Zed 's ball and squeeze . Zed let out a shrill scream . Eric start elbow Zoey in the face . the three of they lay there on the floor wriggle like worm , unable to move because each be put the other through such agony . then , Oliver , shot up and bloody haplessly stumble into the room . his body be a mass of bullet wound . oliver ox ! where be thy yoke !? he clumsily fall dead to the ground , he shotgun slide near Zoey , Zed , and Eric . the sight of the gun give Eric the strength only a madman could poss . he roll over and throw Zoey off he . then , he smashes he forehead into Zed 's nose , burst it . Eric , deftly , roll over and grab the gun . he get to he foot and cock the pump action . eric fuck both of you . then he notice the lack of gunfire upstairs . Eric turn back to they . eric au revoir . he aim to kill Zed . zoey no ! then , all of the french policeman , deck out in they assault gear and wear gas mask , storm down the stair . at the sight of Eric about to execute Zed they raise they gun . french policeman # 1 [ stop ! ] Eric stop . it become quiet . then , Eric look back down at Zed and brace for the shotgun kick . eric I give you little kiss . ciao . he squeeze the trigger and ... click the police open fire with they french make assault machine gun and fill Eric with bullet . instead of fall he do a scarecrow dance as he body be paint red . the wall behind they explode as plaster spray all over Zed . a image overcome Eric . Eric 's dead body slump to it 's knee and flop on top of Zed . Zed push the body off and try to drag himself to Zoey . Zoey run up to he and hold he . the police all charge into the secondary vault area and secure the downstairs . Zoey be cry as she hold Zed . the police have they gun aim at the two of they . Zoey look up . zoey ( to the policeman ) [ I work here . this man be a customer ... he need medical help . ] they take they gun away and kneel next to he , see if he 's okay . french policeman # 2 [ how bad do you think he wound be ? ] the other policeman , unable to tell because of Eric 's blood , simply shake he head . french policeman # 1 ( to Zoey ) [ be you alright ? ] Zoey start to cry . dissolve to : int . bank - lobby - day Zoey and Zed , bandage up , be be aid by all of the french policeman as they walk through the bank . smoke be still clear , but the body of customer and bank robber alike litter the area . paramedic 's , wear all white , try to help the injure , they assist Zed and Zoey . french policeman # 1 ( to Zoey and Zed ) [ there 's a ambulance outside . ] ( he look around ) [ my God . what a bastille Day . ] Zed 's attention be catch by two other policemen carry a body bag . french policeman # 3 ( to french policeman # 1 ) [ this one 's the ringmaster . we need a i.d . ] no longer interested in Zoey or Zed , he go to check out the body . zoey the hospital ? zed no. zoey come on . I have a car . Zoey put she arm around Zed and help he out of the bank ... never to return . dissolve to : int . zoey' car - moving - day Zoey be drive . Zed look like he 's be in a burn building . zed I be so tired . zoey we will go to my flat . you can rest there . do you feel pain ? zed no ... it be mostly he blood . zoey I have a shower . you can clean up there . zed thank you Zoe . he look at she . zoey my name be not Zoe . not any more . he look forward at the street of Paris . zoey you will get well . then I will show you the real Paris . they drive away . the end