kill Bill courtesy of : for Educational purpose only the unofficial kill Bill homepage present ( retype and edit for html ) the 222 page early draft of kill bill write & direct by quentin tarantino table of content prologue 1 . " 2 " goto 2 . the comatose bride goto 3 . the man from Okinawa goto 4 . showdown at House of Blue leave goto 5 . yuki 's revenge goto 6 . " can she bake a cherry pie ... " goto 7 . the Lonely grave of Paula schultz goto 8 . the cruel tutelage of pai mei goto 9 . elle and I goto 10 . the blood - splatter bride goto over black we hear labor breathe . black frame quote appear : " revenge be a dish best serve cold " - Old klingon proverb - quote fade out we stay on black .. breathe continue ... then a man' voice talk over the breathe ; http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 1 of 185 kill Bill man' voice ( 0.s. ) do you find I sadistic ? CUT to : black and white cu of a woman lie on the floor , look up . the woman on the floor have just take a severe spaghetti-western - style gang beat . her face be bloody , beat up , and tear . the high contrast b/w turn the red blood into black blood . a hand belong to the off -screen man 's Voice enter frame hold a white handkerchief with the name " bill " sewn in the corner , and begin tenderly wiping away the blood from the young woman 's face . Little by little as the male Voice speak , the beautiful face underneath be reveal to the audience . but what can not be wipe away , be the white hot hate that shine in both eye at the man who stand over she , the " bill " of the title . in another age man who shook the world for they own purpose be call conqueror . in we age , the man who shake the planet for they own power and greed be call corrupter and of the world 's corrupter Bill stand alone . for while he corrupt the world , inside himself he be pure . bill voice ( 0.s. ) I bet I could fry a egg on you head about now , if I want to . he continue wiping away the blood . bill voice ( 0.s. ) no kiddo , I would like to believe , even now , you be aware enough to know there be not a trace of sadism in my action ... okay - maybe towards this other joker - bot not you . overhead shot we see for a moment , a wide shot look down at the woman on the floor . Bill ( from behind ) bent down over she . four other in black suit , stand over she ( three be female , one be male ) . and about four dead body lie in they own blood . we also see we be in a wedding chapel that 's be redecorate by blood death and gunfire . and firstly or lastly , depend on the viewer , that the woman on the floor be dress in a white bridal gown . this woman be we heroine , and from this moment forth she will only be refer to as the bride . back to cu of the bride . the bride on the floor . her pretty face be wipe clean . bill voice ( 0.s. ) no kiddo at this moment , this be I at my most masochistic . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 2 of 185 kill Bill while still in she cu the bride speak for the first time in the picture . she look up at the man stand over she and say ; the bride Bill , I be pregnant . it 's you baby . after say the " y " in " baby " , we hear a bang and the bride receive a bullet in the side of she head . CUT to : black screen : presentation credit " the 4th Film by quentin tarantino " CUT to : b/w cu of a Young man in a tuxedo . shot to death . the bride speak to we in a vo ; the bride ( v.o. ) that 's Tim , Arthur 's best friend . cu a pretty young woman in a frilly pink dress with two bullet hole in she . the bride ( v.o. ) that 's he girlfriend janeen . cu a plump young woman , shot to death , wedding bouquet still clutch in she dead fist . the bride ( v.o. ) that 's my best friend from work erica . a older man in a black suit shot fulla hole . the bride ( v.o. ) that 's the minister . I think he name be reverend hillhouse . a dead older woman by he side in a old - fashioned flower print dress . the bride ( v.o. ) that 's he wife . a dead older woman slump over a organ . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 3 of 185 kill Bill the bride ( v.o. ) organ player , do not know she name . a young man in a tuxedo with he face blown off . the bride ( v.o. that 's Arthur . Arthur plympton . the name on he driver 's license be Charles Arthur plympton , but for some reason he prefer Arthur . maybe if he go by carle people would have call he Charlie . if that be he reason for go by Arthur I can understand it . nothing wrong with the name Charlie , except he do not look like a Charlie , he look like a Arthur . obviously you will have to take my word on this . speak of name , I be about two second away from become Mrs. Charles Arthur plympton . and then finally , the bride . the bride ( v.o. ) and that , that 's I . I be the bride . we do a dissolve from the bride look dead in the bridal gown to the bride , still in b/w , still in a bridal gown , but the asswippin she take in the scene before must have be in the past , because she look like a million dollar now . see eee three million even . int . car ( moving ) - night the bride behind the wheel of a volkswagen karman ghia convertible . her long blodne hair whipping in the wind . a process shot plays behind she . the bride ( v.o. look dead , do not I ? well I be not , but it be n ' T for lack of try , I can tell you that . actually Bill 's last bullet put I in a coma . a coma I be to lie in for five year . when I wake up , ... I go on what the movie advertisement refer to as a Roaring rampage of revenge . I roarde and I rampage and I get http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 4 of 185 kill Bill bloody satisfaction . in all , I have kill 33 people to get to this piont right now . I have only one more . the last one . the one I 'm drive to right now . the only one leave . and when I arrive at my destination ..... +... I be gonna kill Bill . title sequence as a female - sung ballad of heartbreaking lament play on the soundtrack , we see the credit of " kill Bill " play over the bride in she bridal gown , drive to the film 's climax . the sequence end with the bride arrive at Bill 's home . we fade to black black frame title appear : chapter one nom CUT to : ex cu the bride 's eyeball in glorious color we CUT out one ... two ... three ... to a cu of the bride in glorious color she 's sit in a park pickup truck . her eye focus on something . the bride's Pov : a very homey three - bedroom house in the affluent suburb of pasadena , California . a purple dodge neon sit park in the driveway . a tricylce , a big wheel , and a few toy sprinkle the grass on the front yard . a mailbox with the name " the bell " on it sit out in front of the lawn . we hear but do not see ice cream truck bell subtitle appear at screen bottom : " the city of pasadena , california " we hear a car door open and Close .... then .... the bride walk into the shot , head for the front door . ex cu : a long , white female finger push a doorbell . ext . residential pasadena STREET - day the front door open and a attractive black housewife the same age as the bride stand in the doorway . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 5 of 185 kill Bill the housewife 's face show immediate recognition of the blonde on she doorstep . the bride on the porch ; we do a quick Shaw - Brothers - style Zoom into she eye . flashback - spaghetti western style ( that mean we heroine be remember something , and we see it with a orange filter . ) we be back inside the wedding chapel . the bride be take the beat of she life by four people in black suit . a black woman punch her in the face ... we see it 's the black housewife , five year earlier . the bride on the porch we Zoom quick out of she eye to cu , a vengeance theme plays loud on the soundtrack . ( whenever we hear this theme throughout the picture , we will quickly learn what accompany it be the bride goin krakatoa all over whoever 's ass happen to be in front of she at that moment . ) as the Vengeance theme play , a vein in the bride 's forehead begin to pulsate . when the Vengeance theme stop , the bride attack the housewife . int . housewife's nice home - day the white woman and the black woman fly into the center of the live room , crashing onto she coffe table in front of the sofa . this two wildcat go at each other savagely , tumbling over the couch , claw and scratch all the way , landing together on the plush carpet . the housewife kick the bride , send she crashing backwards into the small table where the phone , a note pad ( for message ) , and the mail be keep . the housewife scramble up on she foot , but be catch by a flying tackle from behind by the bride that send they both into ..... eee a ornamental iron and tempere - glass bookcase that have frame family photo , display toy , some African art , and a collection of paint commemorative plate depict the negro experience in the american military . start with a plate feature cripis Atkins in the revolutionary war , negro troops in union blue during the civil war , buffalo soldier fight Indians , the Jim crow troops of the first world war the color troops of world war two , Korea , Vietnam , and finally Colin Powell .... the bride and the housewife crash through all this reduce everything to rubble . they land hard on the floor cover in break glass , lock in grapple , each try to get the best of the other one , ... when the housewife headbutt the bride in the nose . the housewife hop off the bride , run into the kitchen , open a drawer and come out with a huge motherfuckin butcher knife . the bride rise from the floor , and whip out a knife in a sheath http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 6 of 185 kill Bill hang from she belt know as a sog . ( a sog be a long , double - edge knife that 's as sharp as a razor , and be what navy seal use to kill human with . ) the bride back up into the mess of the now totally demolish live room . the two woman stalk each other , each hold she blade , each look like they know how to use it , each wait for the other to make a mistake so they can plunge they blade deep into the other one . blood and sweat dript off of the face of the two woman lock in life and death combat ...... .... when the back kitchen door open , and a four - year -old little girl , carry a lunch box step inside . four -year-old girl mommy , I be home ! the two warrior woman whose eye reflect only combat concentration , suddenly switch upon hearing the four- year old 's voice . the housewife 's eye flash a look of plead to the eye of the bride . the bride seem to answer back ; " okay . " the Black woman and the white woman hide they edge weapon behind they back , as the four - Year - Old Little girl walk into the newly destroy live room . the housewife switch to she mommy voice . the housewife hey baby , how be school ? the Little girl be flabbergasted at the mess , and the condition of she mother , who look like she 's just be in a bar room brawl . little girl mommy , what happen to you and the t.v. room ? the housewife oh , that good for nothin dog of yours , get he little ass in the live room and act a damn fool that 's what happen . little girl barney do this ? she say it with the slight hint of skepticism , then try to enter the live room . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 7 of 185 kill Bill the housewife now baby , you can not come in here , there 's break glass all over the floor , and you gonna cut yourself . the little girl 's eye go to the blonde lady in the live room who she be not never see before , who also look like she 's be fight . the bride smile at the confuse Little girl . the housewife this be a old friend of mommy 's I be not see in a long time . the bride hello sweety , I be *( bleep ) * , what 's you name ? * whenever during the picture somebody say the bride 's real it will be bleeped out on the soundtrack , ... that be , * name , till I want you to know . the shy , suspicious little girl do not say anything , she just stare at the blond lady . the housewife her name be nikki . the bride nikki . what a pretty name for such a pretty little girl . how old be you nikki ? nikki still say nothing , only stare . the housewife nikki , *( bleep ) * ake you a question . nikki ( to the bride ) I be four . the bride four year old , aye . you know I once have a little girl . she would be five right now . maybe you two could of play with each other . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 8 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm the housewife now baby , I a *( bleep ) * have some grow - up talk to talk about , so you go in you room now and leave we alone till I tell you to come out . the child do not move , so the mother repeat herself . the housewife ( snap she finger nikkia - in you room - now . the little girl slowly walk away and disappear behind the door of she bedroom . the two woman turn to face each other , masquerade and combat both finish . the housewife want some coffee ? the bride yeah , sure . the two woman move into the kitchen . the bride re-sheath she sog , and the housewife put the butcher knife back in the drawer . the bride sit down at the kitchen table , while the housewife pour both of they coffee . the housewife cream and sugar ? the bride both , please . as the housewife fix the coffee , we hear the bride 's voiceover on the soundtrack : the bride ( v.o . this pasadena homemaker 's name be Jeanne Bell . her husband be Dr. lawrence Bell . but back when we be acquainted , five year ago she name be vernita GREEN . her code name , be " cobra " ..... mine be black mamba . the two combat artist sit at the kitchen table , drink coffee out of vernita 's coffee mug . the bride page 9 of 185 kill Bill be you expect I ? vernita yes and no . Bill get in touch with I right after you wake up , and then again a little later after you episode in Japan . ( pause ) so I suppose it 's a little late for a apology , huh ? the bride you suppose correctly . vernita even if I be sincere ? the bride oh . I be quite positive you be sorry , now . vernita say to the bride across the table furiously but with low volume ; vernita look bitch , I need to know if you be gonna start anymore shit around my baby girl ! the bride you can relax for now . I be not go to murder you in front of you daughter . vernita that 's be more rational than Bill lead I to believe you be capable of . the bride well that 's a demonstration of Bill 's complete ignorance when it come to the subject of I , and what I be think , and what I might do . it 's mercy , compassion , and forgiveness I lack , not rationality . she pause for effect -- the ham . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 10 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm the bride I will wait for now , but I will not wait for long . I will allow you to choose a time and place for we to meet again , preferably as far away from nikki as possible . I could have just hit you , I do not , I demand respect for that . since this be not a hit , consider it a duel . and as two former deadly viper , we will observe viper rule of honor . one on one - no help - no bushwhackin - no treacherous weapon - on weapon of choice - we skill and we body . vernita say she name ; vernita * ( bleep ) * the bride - I be not through tell you . failure to keep we date , or duplicity of any kind , will result in I put a xoxo hollow point bullet into the back of you skull from a window of a building across the street from nikki 's elementary school . now , feel free to respond . vernita look ... I know I fuck you over . I fuck you over bad . I wish to God I have not , but I do . the blonde listen to the black woman with a poker face . vernita if I could go back in a machine I would , but I can not . all I can tell you be I be a different person now . the bride I do not care . vernita be that as it may , I know I do not deserve mercy or forgiveness . however , I beseech you for both on behalf of my daughter . the bride page 11 of 185 kill Bill -- bitch , you can stop right there . the b-word stop vernita short , almost like a cold - hand slap in the face ( it should affect the audience that way as well ) . the bride ( lean in close ) just because I have no wish to murder you before the eye of you daughter , do not mean parade she around in front of I be go to inspire sympathy . you and I have unfinish business . and not a goddamn fuckin thing you have do in the subsequent five year - include get knock up - be go to change that . vernita you have every right to wanna get even -- the bride -- but that 's where you be wrong , vernita . I do not want to get even . to get even , even Steven . I would have to kill you , go into nikki 's room , kill she , then wait for you old man , Dr. Bell , to come home and kill he . that would make we even . no , my unborn daughter will just hafta be satisfied with you death at she mother 's hand . vernita know no matter what else be say , blood will spill . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm vernita when do we do this ? the bride it all depend ... when do you want to die ? tomorrow ? the day after tomorrow ? that 's about as long as I will wait . vernita how bout tonight , bitch ? the bride spendid . where ? page 12 of 185 kill Bill vernita there 's a baseball diamond where we little league have its game about a mile from here . we meet there around two - thirty in the morning , dress all in black , you hair in a black stock , and we have we a knife fight , we will not be bother . I have to fix nikki 's cereal . as they continue to talk , vernita pull down a cereal bowl for she daughter and lay it on the kitchen counter . the bride Bill say you be one of the best lady he would ever see with a edge weapon . vernita move to another kitchen cabinet , and pull down a box of the sugar cereal , " kaboom . " vernita fuck you , bitch , I know he do not qualify it , so you can just kiss my motherfuckin ass , Black mamba . ( snort to herself ) Black mamba , I shoulda be motherfuckin Black mamba . as the two female continue to talk , vernita reach she hand inside the cereal box . the bride weapon of choice ? and if you want to stick with you butcher knife , I be cool with that . vernita very funny . vernita fire a gun from inside the cereal box at the bride .... ++... the bullet explode out of the cardboard box , and hit the coffee mugh directly in front of the bride , blowing it to smithereen . the bride throws herself on the floor .... vernita pull the gun out of the cereal box and firee again ... ... the bullet hit the floor of the tiny kitchen ... ... the bride move under the kitchen table , then use she back , lift the table off the ground , ramming it straight into vernita , pin she flat up against the table top , and http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 13 of 185 kill Bill the kitchen counter . while she leave hand hold the table , she right hand go to the sog on she belt , she finger wrap around the blade 's grip , lift it up out of the sheath and plunging it through the table top up to the handle , with all the sog 's steel enter vernita 's abdomen . the table fall back to the floor with the die homemaker pin to it . the two former colleague meet eye . vernita sorry , bout the bushwhack . please do not ... the bride do to you daughter , what you do to mine ... ( she take she hand .».- I will not . vernita die . the bride remove she sog , look up and see little nikki stand in the doorway of she room . the little girl see she mother dead on the floor , lie in she own blood . and she see the blonde lady stand over she mother , bloody knife still in she hand . but oddly enough , nikki do not cry . the little girl lock eye with the big girl , and hold she stare . as she talk to the little girl , she remove a already stain with blood white handkerchief with the name " bill " sewn on it . and the blonde wipe the girl 's mother 's blood off she blade . the bride it be not my intention to do this in front of you . for that I be sorry . but you can take my word for it , you mother have it come . when you grow up , if you still feel raw about it , I will be wait . and with that apology , statement , and invitation , the bride walk out the kitchen side door , leave the little girl to she mourn . ext . vernita's home - day the bride walk down the dead woman 's driveway to she vehicle . she glance at the lawn toy one more time as she make here getaway . she climb into she big , yellow pickup truck , with the word " pussy wagon " write across the flatbe 's hatch door in a pimpy font . she take out a ringed notebook and turn to a page that 's headline read ; http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 14 of 185 kill Bill death list five on the pager be five name numbered go down the page write in red ink . the first name have a line draw through it with black ink . the second name on the list be ; vernita GREEN cobra the bride take a black feel pen and draw a line through vernita 's name . turn on the truck 's engine and drive out of the residential district . fade to black . over black title card : chapter two the comatose bride fade up on cu the comatose bride lie in she hospital bed , wide open unblink sightless eye , that constantly stare yet see nothing . the bride be at the beginning of she comatose journey . a subtitle appear : under she face . " five year and four month earlier in the city of El paso , Texas " although we be only in a tight cu , we can tell a few thing : one , she 's in she hospital room ; two , she 's alone ; three , it 's night ; and four , one hellva rainstorm be pound outside . ext . EL paso general hospital - night the rain piss down in bucket in front of the hospital ... when ... the wheel to a Alfa Romeo roll into frame and stop . the car door open and two yellow galoshes step out into the wet night . overhead shot a red umbrella open as rain fall down . cu the back of a head wear a yellow rainslicker hood , frame by the red umbrella above it , which water cascade down and beat a rhythm against . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 15 of 185 kill Bill the figure in the yellow rainslicker with the red umbrella ( who we can guess be female ) start walk towards the hospital . we go to split screen Left side right side cu the bride 's unblink the back of the yellow comatose sleep . slicker - walk in the rain towards the hospital 's entrance . cU she yellow galoshes slapping against the wet asphalt , and splash through puddle . cu the bride in she coma cu the hospital 's electrical door - woosh - OPEN . we follow behind the woman in the raincoat as she walk from outside into the hospital down the hall , and into the lady room door . cu the bride ex cu of a white in she coma woman' shapely barefoot ankle and leg step into a sheer white stock . insert : of that long , white legs stepping into a white nurse's uniform . insert : of the zipper in the back zipping upward . insert : of white , sheer stocking feet stepping into white nurse's orthopedic shoe . - insert : of a syringe needle stuck in a vial the liquid be draw up into the syringe . some written text appear below image that read : " a lethal cocktail of Bill 's own concoction . he call it , ' Goodbye forever ' . " insert : the deadly syringe be place on a nurse's tray http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 16 of 185 kill Bill insert : a little white nurse's cap be place on top of the woman 's blonde head . int . hospital corridor - night the door mark " lady " be open , and a beautiful 6 - foot blonde in a white nurse 's uniform , with a match white eye patch over she leave eye , step out , carry the nurse 's tray with the " Goodbye forever " - fill syringe on it . she walk down the corridor towards the sleep bride 's room . subtitle underneath blonde nurse : " elle driver member of the deadly viper assassination squad codename : california mountain snake " end of split screen stay with elle's side int . the bride's hospital room - night the bride , alone in she bed , alone in she coma , alone in she room . elle Driver open the door to she room and step inside . the female assassin approach the comatose woman . ex cu elle driver be eye and white eye patch look down at she sleep target , victim , rival , and opposite number . ex cu the bride's eye wide open - blank stare . elle stand over the bride 's hospital bed , say to she ; elle I might never of like you . Point in fact I despise you . but that do not suggest I do not respect you . you be a master of a profession that 's most difficult to master . dying in we sleep be a luxury we kind be rarely afforded . my gift to you . as she lift the syringe off the tray ... her cell phone ring .... she curse to herself ... there can be only one person on the other end .... she answer it . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 17 of 185 kill Bill elle hello , bill. ( pause ) affirmative . ( pause ) comatose . ( pause ) I be stand over she right now . ( pause ) what ! the female assassin turn away from the wide - eye stare of the bride , and pace the hospital room talk in the cell phone . elle do not fuckin ssshhh I ! if you think I come all the way down to Texas - in a dog and cat rainstorm no less - just to tuck sleep beauty in bed - you get another fuckin thing comin - ( pause , then real loud you do not owe she shit !! ( then again , but quieter you do not owe she shit . ( pause ) man , fuck that bitch ! ( pause ) oh you be not be you ? well Bill you never leave a job half do . a great teacher teach I that once , he look a whole lot like you . elle pause as Bill on the other line have he say . we do not hear he side , we stay with elle as he talk . we can tell by she face , he 's make some sense . after awhile she answer back ; elle I guess . ( pause ) no , I do not need to guess , I know . ( pause ) affirmative . ( pause ) I love you too , bye bye . the female assassin put the phone away and look down at the comatose bride with the open eye . even though she face be expressionless , she almost seem to be smile . elle think that be pretty funny do not ya ? Word of advice shithead , do not you ever wake up . elle lean closer to the bride 's face . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 18 of 185 kill Bill elle ya know now I get a better look at you , you be not so damn pretty . yeah , you go that venus thing go for you but ... ya know , now I get a closer look at you you be kinda weird look . you get this big nose that do not fit with the rest of you face , you eye be two different size . and look at you skin ... my complexion be way better than yours -- the bride do one of she motor reflex function ... she spit in elle 's face . elle spring up , wipe the spit off she cheek and look down at the comatose bride in she bed . elle oh , no you do not . she grab the bride by the front of she hospital gown ... .... yank her up to a sit position ... ... and punch she hard in the face three time . elle if you ever take you ass out of this goddamn bed for as long as you fuckin live , I will beat you into the ground , bitch ! int . hospital corridor - night elle Driver in she nurse 's uniform , angrily walk down the hallway . she pass by a doctor , struggling with a patient bleeding profusely on a gurney . doctor ( yell ) nurse come here quick , we be lose this man ! elle do not even look back . elle tough titty , I quit . she walk out of the shot . fade to black . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 19 of 185 kill Bill black frame title card : five year later . CUT to : int . the comatose bride's hospital room - night the camera be in a corner of the ceiling , look down on the comatose bride , who lie motionless in she bed . we hear the sound of a buz mosquito , do loop de loop and figure eight in the air , look for some warm blood . the buz stop .... macro cu of mosquito on the bride 's forearm , its stinger dig in she flesh , visibly draw blood from its host . cu mosquito's face drink she blood . macroshot of mosquito on forearm drink blood ... when the bride 's hand come into frame and squashes the bug flat . her finger flick the dead bug away . cu the bride she wide - open eye , that have stare in a constant gaze for the last five year , finally ...slowly ... softly ... shut . beat they suddenly pop OPEN . the bride sit bold upright in bed . she have no idea where the fuck she be . we do a shaw brother style quick zoom into a cu of her face . quick CUT to a flashback spaghetti - western style back at the wedding chapel , gun point down at we face . the barrel explode leat at US - bang ! quick CUT back to the bride in her hospital bed , bank still echoing in she ear . she let out a scream of pain and she hand go to the side of she head , as if she be just shot . her hand feel the metal plate embed in the side of she skull where the hole be . she knock against it with she knuckle ... it go ... tink ... tink . suddenly she say out loud ; the bride my baby . her hand go down to she belly , unly to find it not swollen http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 20 of 185 kill Bill but flat . she do not understand , lift up she hospital gown and see a jagged scar which run down she abdomen . her fingertip trace it . she quickly look at the palm of she and and count the line . macro cu the line in her palm look like a road map . she stop count , shocked ; the bride ( to herself ) five year . she count again . the bride ( a statement ) five year . the bride 's two eye fill with tear as she realize she baby be long go . when suddenly ... she hear the step ... step ... step ... of bill boot walking toward her room .. we see the cinematic equivalent of a comic book thought balloon by she head . inside of it we see bill black boot walk across the wood floor of the wedding chapel . int . hospital corridor ( the bride's floor ) - night we see a hospital orderly bright red and white reebok softly slapping against the smooth surface of the institution 's floor . they make a sound nothing like Bill 's shoe . screen goe to split screen left side right side the bride listen to they orderly 's reebok walk get closer . we hear the down the hospital step ... step ... step ... in time corridor . with orderly 's sneaker . camera move up to orderly 's face , lead two truckdrivers . the bride hear bill be voice speak for the orderly ; bill voice orderly ( in time ) ( in time ) she 's right in here . she 's right in here . split screen finishes http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 21 of 185 kill Bill stay with the bride's screen the bride decide the best course of action , till she get she bearing , be to play possum . she throw herself back down on the bed , just as the three man enter she room . they see just what they expect to see , the bride lie in she bed in she coma . she duplicate she comatose eye - wide-open-fixed stare . except know she 's awake , and see everything in front of she , create a slightly different effect . the bride , however , while she see the two truckdriver for what they be , when she see the orderly she see Bill , when the orderly talk she hear Bill . we however will never see bill face completely . the orderly take she shee cover off , and hitches up she hospital gown till she blonde pussy be expose . he do kind of a " of - da " presentation of she vagina . the orderly now be that the cutest little blonde pussy you ever see , or be that the cutest little blonde pussy , you-evea -saw ? trucker # 2 ( Gerald ) would tend to agree , trucker # 1 ( Warren front . warren I see better . cu the bride eye wide OPEN playing possum . she can not believe she 's be exhibit in this manner . a look of chagrin cross she try - to - be expressionless face , " I have see a fuck load better than you , fatass . '' the orderly yeah , in a movie - maybe . but I know damn well this be the best pussy you ever see you have touchin rights to . the price be seventy five dollar a fuck gentleman , you gittin you freak on or what ? the trucker pay the bill of fare . as the orderly count the trucker ' money , he lay out the rule ; the orderly here 's the rule ; rule number one ; no punchin ‘er . nurse come in tomorrow a she get ‘er a shiner - or less some tooth , jig 's up . so no knuckle sandwich http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 22 of 185 kill Bill under no circumstance . and by the way , this little cunt 's a spitter - it 's a motor reflex thing but spit or no , no punchin . now be we absolutely positively clear about rule number one ? two trucker yeah . the orderly rule number two ; no monkey bite , no hickey - in fact no leavin no mark of no kind . but after that , it 's allll goooood . her plummin down there do not work no more , so feel free to cum in ‘er all ya wont . keep the noise down - try not to make a mess , and I will be back in twenty . the orderly turn to leave , then remember something , and turn back . he take out the most disgusting jar of vaseline in the history of cinema , and hand it to Warren . the orderly oh by the way , not all the time , but sometimes this cunt 's cunt can get drier than a bucket of sand . if she dry , lube up with this and you will be goo to go . bon -appetit gentleman . and with that , the orderly 's go . the bride's Pov : as soon as he leave the two trucker start giggle . Warren begin to unbuckle the belt that lie beneath he belly while he look down to accomplish this , the bride's Pov blink . gerald hey Warren , she just blink . warren he say she can not blink . gerald I know what he say , I be tellin ya she just do . Warren drop he Levi 's to he ankle . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 23 of 185 kill Bill warren just wait , when I get through with this little dumbbell , she gonna stand up and recite the gettysburg ad-dress . Warren begin to climb up on the bed and mount the bride . before he do he stop , and look back to Gerald . warren hey , Gerald . gerald yeah ? warren this shit be not no peep show . go out in the hall and I will let ya know when it 's you turn . gerald awww c'mon , I gotta leave the room ? warren I can not get no errection wit you lookin at I , so go on . gerald well , just hurry up then . Gerald leave the room ; we go out with he in the hallway . int . hallway ( hospital ) - night Gerald pace , wait for he turn behind the door . then ... he hear behind the door a commotion , then Warren scream like a bitch . he bang on the close door and say ; gerald he man , keep it down in there , I can hear you ass out here . more falsetto scream behind the door ... then ... the heavy thud of a body fall . not what the expect . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 24 of 185 kill Bill int . the bride's room - night Gerald push open the door to see one hellva sight . his buddy , bloody and lie motionless on the floor , and the bride lie haphazardly on the bed , in she coma . he move to he buddy , who 's dead . then move to the comatose bride ... who suddenly spring to life , grabbing he by the front of he shirt , yanking he down to her , and plunging the i.v. needle in she arm deep into he temple , then twisting it around and around , turn the right side of he brain into scramble egg a la the bride . she toss the now brain - dead Gerald to the floor . the bride upon waking , without leave the bed where she lay the last five year , have just kill two man . she throw off the bloody blanket , whip she leg off the side of the bed , and try to stand - then quickly fall out of frame . we hear the crash below frame . the bride be flat on the floor . her leg and foot do not work . which mean she 's stick on the floor with only a function top half , and a completely useless bottom half . what 's a girl to do ? int . hospital corridor - night the elevator door open , and the orderly step out . back to the bride she hear the sound of Bill 's boot approach the room ... step ... step ... step ... she see Gerald have a trucker 's knife in a holster attach to he belt . her hand remove it . the orderly swagger down the hall to the bride 's room , red reebok slapping against the smooth floor . cu the bride she snap the knife 's blade OPEN in she cu . the orderly push open the bride 's door , stop in shock . the orderly Pov : he see a empty bed with bloodstain on it , two dead trucker on the floor , and no bride . orderly oh shit ! we go to slow motion as he freak , then pan down he ... past shirt - pants - to he reebok ... once on the floor we see the bride , curl up low next to the doorway , behind he ankle , knife ready . we go back to 24 frame a second . he step into the room ; when he do the bride reach out and slashes both of he Achilles tendon . the stand orderly let out a " yelp , " and fall out of frame . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 25 of 185 kill Bill impact CUT the orderly hitting the floor face first . the boy be stunne . the bride ( confine to the floor ) crawl over and drag the stunne fucker across the floor place he melon head between the door and the door frame . then take the door in she right hand . slam ! slam ! slam ! slamming he head three time between the door and the door frame . the orderly lie on the floor in a stange state of consciousness . he 's in both excruciate pain , and quite sure he 's lose he mind since at this moment he 's lie on the floor , look up at the comatose bride ask he question . the bride where 's Bill ? the orderly ( hurt and confuse who ? slam ! he scream . the bride Bill ! where be Bill ! the orderly I dunno no Bill . slam ! the bride I see he here myself ..... slam ! .... now do you tell I where he be or do I beat you fuckin brain in ? slam ! the orderly please please stop , do not hit I again ! http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 26 of 185 , kill Bill the bride where be Bill ? slam ! suddenly the bride see the gold coke straw around he neck , that she think she would see earlier on Bill . she snatch it from around he neck . the bride where do you get this from ? the orderly that 's mine . slam ! the bride bullshit ! I see Bill wear it in this room ten minute ago . slam ! then the bride look down and see two tatoos on the orderly 's hand - one spelling " b.u.c.k. " on each finger of he leave hand . and another spelling " f.u.c.k. " on the finger of he right . the bride seem to look inside she own mind - whenever she do this a special theme music will play ( we will call it she remembering theme ) . we do a quick shaw brother zoom into her eye - we see Buck enter she room that first night , five year ago .... he 's hold in he hand one of that big flashlight you use in a tent when camp . -- it give off a soft blue light . Buck examine the bride through the blue . buck well , be not you the slice of cutie pie they all say you wuz . well ma'am , I be from longview Texas , my name 's Buck , and I be here to fuck he start to unbuckle he belt . we zoom out of her eye into a cu . the remembering theme cut off . she look down at Buck and say ; the bride you name 's Buck , right ? and you come to fuck , right ? a " how the fuck do she know look , " cross he face . the bride look down at he .... the vengeance theme begins playing loudly on the soundtrack , and the vein in her http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 27 of 185 , kill Bill forehead become pronounced and begin to pulsate in time with the music . every time the bride come face to face with a tormenter , this theme will play on the soundtrack . by mid movie this music should drive the audience wild with orgasmic anticipation of the carnage to come ... ..and with the door in she hand and one mighty slam , this longview Texas boy be send to the Promised land . she search the dead man 's pocket , come up with a brown wallet that say on it , " big EL paso pimpin , " load with lettuce . she also pull out a set of car key on a pickup truck key chain that have the word , " pussy wagon " on it write in a pimpy font . she gather up all this item , and Gerald 's knife , then begin to strip Buck of he orderly uniform . int . underground parking lot - night the elevator door to the hospital 's underground parking lot open , revealing the bride in Buck 's orderly scrub in a wheelchair . she wheel out of the elevator fast into the parking lot . her arm spin the wheel as she go down the line of car look for a pickup truck that Buck would own ... she stop . what make the bride stop . the ass end of a big , yellow 4 x4 hard - body pickup truck , with flame paint along the side , and the word , " pussy wagon , " write along the flat - bed hatch door . pimpy font . the bride look at Buck 's key chain in she hand . ex cu car key in truck door lock , it turn . ex cu truck door lock pop up OPEN . int . backseat of buck' truck - night the bride pull herself up into the backseat of Buck 's pickup truck . once in the backseat , she shove the wheelchair away . it roll out of control down the parking ramp , and crash . now the bride 's lie vertically in Buck 's truck 's backseat . seemingly out of danger - at least out of sight - but she 's still stick hide in the hospital . and until she regains full use of she leg and foot , this little bride be not goin anywhere or doin anything . lying flat , with the back of she head propped up against the door , she long , lifeless leg stretch out in front of she she two bare foot at the end of they , point to the sky the bride focuss she eye , she stare , she thought , she strength , and all she concentration .... on she big toe . slow zoom into big toe .... slow zoom into her face .... slow zoom into big toe .... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 28 of 185 kill Bill slow zoom into face . the bride ( monotone ) wiggle you big toe . toe do not move a inch . the bride wiggle you big toe . it do not move . the bride wiggle you big toe . ( voice over ) as I lay in the back of Buck 's pickup truck , try to will my limb out of entropy , I could see the face of the cunt who do this to I , and the dick responsible . member all of Bill 's brainchild ; " the deadly viper assassination squad . " title sequence for what look like a 60' television show about a all - girl hit squad , complete with its own lalo shiffrin theme music . against a bright orange background , a snake with six head ( all different breed ) , do in a cool but low - budget speed racer -style of animation , rear its head to strike . the image freeze ... and the show's title ( in a especially cool font ) and logo ( the black silhouette of five sexy gal each with a samurai sword hang from they hip , and one guy in a black suit ) appear beneath it . " the deadly viper assassinatino squad the d.iv.a.s . " the show cast credit start : we see the bride do something cool ... freeze screen goe orange except for a scope - sight rifle graphic with crosshair over the bride 's face . off to the side be her identifying credit ; " star ( the bride 's real name be cover by a stamp that read ) classified as black mamba " a beautiful japanese woman wield a samurai sword - freeze orange b.g. scope - sight graphic http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 29 of 185 , kill Bill " star o-ren ishii as cottonmouth " vernita GREEN do something cool - freeze same graphic " star vernita GREEN as cobra " the older , male do something cool - freeze same graphic " star budd as sidewinder " elle driver do something cool - freeze orange b.g. scope - sight graphic ; " star elle driver as california mountain snake " as the deadly viper assassination squad open theme plays we see various shot of the viper ( all dress alike in the same black , skintight cat suit , except for Budd , the male who wear a black suit ) all do exciting shit . it end with the reappearance of the six-heade snake logo , and the six black silhouettes . the final credit appear ; " created and produce by bill " we move into a head and shoulder cu of the bride's black silhouette . the bride ( v.o. ) now after five year of beauty sleep I know absolutely nothing about my enemy ! strength weakness or whereabouts . but as fated by God vengeance would have it , I who know nothing - know one thing . as sure as God make little green apple ... we move fast to o-ren ishii be silhouette , the silhouette become a posed picture of o-ren in all she deadly viper glory . the bride ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ..if o- ren ishii , the first name http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 30 of 185 kill Bill on my death list , be still alive ... she would live in Japan . o- ren ishii , make she first acquaintance with death at the age of eleven . flash on cu o-ren ( will - year old ) , hide under a bed , watch ... ...her father ( dress in the uniform of a sergeant for the american Army ) fight three yakuza gangster . he kill one with he bare hand . the other two slice he to death with samurai sword ... .. and she mother be rape by the same man . when they finish , they shoot she . Little o- ren watch , hide from sight , withi the eye and face of a stone . the bride ( v.o. it be at that age , a half - chinese , half - japanese american Army brat witness the murder of she master sergeant father . and the rape , then murder of she mother at the hand of Japan 's most ruthless yakuza boss , boss matsumoto . she swore revenge ... luckily for she , boss matsumoto be a pedophile . SHOCK CUT o-ren on top of boss matsumoto plunging a huge knife into he chest . a stream of red blood shoot up out of he like a geyser . boss be naked , o - ren wear a japanese schoolgirl uniform . the bride ( v.o. ) at thirteen , she get she revenge . the boss 's scream cause two of boss's men to run into the room , only to be shot down by o - ren , as she remove a gun from a holster strapped to she thigh . the 20 - year old o-ren ishii on a rooftop with a high - power , scope-sight rifle up to she eye . her eye be hugely magnified in the scope . the bride by twenty , she be one of the tip top of female assassin in the world . she fire . int . car - day a Central american General riding backseat of he government vehicle . two beautiful latin women in one - piece bathing suit http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 31 of 185 kill Bill sit on either side of he . they both wear sashes down they front ; one read , " miss Panama , " the other read , " miss Venezuela . " as we cut to this shot , he have both hand on each of they bare knee . he 's laugh as the top of he head be blown off . the 23-year old o-ren ishii stand before Bill and the bride . ( Bill be not clearly view . ) the bride ( v.o. ) at twenty - three she join Bill 's deadly viper ... the 25 -year-old o-ren ishii beat up the pregnant bride with the other viper ... the bride ( v.o. ) at twenty five she do she part in the kill of eight innocent people , include my unborn daughter , in a small wedding chapel in El paso Texas . but on that day , five year ago , she make one big mistake ... posed figure of the bride in all she pre-beat bridal gown glory . the bride ( v.o. ) .. she should of kill nine . however , before statisfaction would be mine , first thing first ... cu the bride in buck' truck a hour and a half later from the last time we see she . the bride wiggel you big toe . cu the bride's big toe wiggle - slightly . the bride hart part 's over . now let 's get this other piggy wiggling . fade to black . black frame subtitle appear : " thirteen hour later " http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 32 of 185 , kill Bill begin music montage fade up on int . underground parking lot - day pavement of the parking lot . we hear a car door OPEN offscreen , then the bride 's bare foot come from above frame , step down into the shot . she walk around to the driver 's side and climb in . she stick Buck 's ignition key in its slot and turn . the truck 's engine rumble to life . she spy a pair of elvis t.c.b. sunglass lie on the dash . she put they on . ext . TEXAS street / int . TEXAS store - day the bride drive Buck 's big , yellow pussy wagon all over El paso buy supplies . we follow her bare foot into a clothing store . her foot , leg , and ass slip into a new pair of levi be . her hand grab a pair of cherry brown cowboy boot . then slip on the cowboy boot . choose another top . and find a warm jacket . she open Buck 's " big EL paso pimpin " wallet , and pay for the item . she emerge from the store wear she new outfit , and climb back in the truck . she drive , stop at a department store , and walk inside . she pick up a shovel , a hand pickaxe , a big camping flashlight , a map of TEXAS , a write notebook , and a bunch of red and black felt pens . while the bride be buy item in the department store we will crosscut .... .. with she drive the pussy wagon up to a low - rent motel call , " the texican " .... ... her registering with the old bastard of a desk clerk , get the key , and pay he out of the " big EL paso pimpin " wallet .... ... she draw a bath in the bathroom of the motel room ... shampoo be take off the shelf of the department store ... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 33 of 185 , kill Bill ...conditioner ... .a bar of soap ... «hot water run out of the bathtub faucet ... ... steam rise off the hot bathwater ... ... she pull down a bunch of bath product , like bubble bath , salt , apricot this - kiwi that , we see she pour all the item in the bathwater ... ... then we see she bare foot enter the bathwater ... ... then lower she whole body into the bathwater ... ... now submerge in the warm bathwater , by herself , perfect music cue on soundtrack , she begin to cry ... she poor heart have be shattered and five year of tear come flooding out of she . she cry for she baby ... she cry for the motherhood rob from she ... she cry for all the innocent people at the wedding chapel who die simply because they be unlucky enough to cross she path ... she cry for the betrayal at the hand of she lover ... she cry for the treachery at the hand of she comrade ... she cry for the five year of life snatch from she ... she cry for the countless violation she endure while incapacitate ... and finally , she cry for all the misery she will cause the undeserve ...... enroute to Bill 's retribution . retribution that begin the minute she step out of this bathtub . she curl up into a fetal position inside the tub of warm water ... weep . we dolly back ... to give we heroine some privacy ... we dissolve through the bathroom door ... till we be on the other side , filming a close door with cry on the other side . when she 's finish shed tear , be when she will begin shed blood . when the bathroom door open , the woman that emerge , have close out all of she emotion ... save from one ... revenge . it 's that woman , in she new outfit , that climb into the yellow pussy wagon , put the t.c.b. sunglass over she eye , and start the engine that set into motion the gory story to follow . end of music montage ext . / int . buck' truck drive in desert ( moving ) - night Pov through windshield : http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 34 of 185 kill Bill the truck shine its headlight beam on a open patch of prairie wasteland . we see dirt , rock , plant , and a oil derrick pump up and down . the bride stop the truck . take she flashlight with she , the bride walk into the headlight beam towards one rock on the ground in particular . she lift it off the ground , there 's a X on it 's underside . she smile . if the X have not be there , she would have take it as a sign that she vengeance quest be never mean to be . but as it be there , it would appear that fortune have smile on the bride and she bloody intention . she walk back to the truck , take the shovel and the hand pickaxe out from the flatbe , reach into the truck cab and change the music to a pounding heavy metal anthem . cu the bride's cowboy boot next to the X rock in time with the metal , the bride 's cowboy boot count out ten pace from the rock . when the boot stop , the flashlight enter the shot illuminate the spot , then ... the shovel enter , strike deep in the unmark earth . ext . TEXAS desert - night deep in the middle of fuck -know Texas , light by the headlight of Buck 's 4 x4 , the bride dig a hole in the ground ...... till ... she hit something hard . she get down on she knee , hack away at the dirt with the hand pickaxe , till a large box cover in plastic be reveal . she hoist it up out of the earth . she rip off the plastic , revealing a large , green Army footlocker , untouched by the condensation of be bury in the ground for over five year . flip the two lock open she lift the lid , place the big camp flashlight on the rim . unfold a sleep bag long - way , she buy at the department store . the bride begin collect the content of she bury treasure , and lay they on the sleep bag . we see she remove they from the footlocker , one by one . the heavy metal continue on the soundtrack . 2 9 mm automatics , with ammo and holsters . 1 small hand gun , with ammo and holster ( which fit around the thigh ) . 1 snub nose .38 with ankle holster . 1 double - edge sog knife http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 35 of 185 , kill Bill with holster 1 mossberg pump action shot gun with ammo 1 silver steel boomerang , with a double -side razor 's edge with holster . 1 old fashioned straight razor 1 black vertical attache case . she flip it open , and inside break down into four separate piece be a high - powered , scope - sight rifle . 1 manila envelope . she reach in and pull out a photocopy of her sonogram . there on the page be a photocopy of she unborn baby girl . a fierce grimness cross she face as she place the sonogram back in the envelope . 1 clear zip - lock bag contain a phony i.d. and bank book both with the name " candy ralston " on they . reaching back in the locker she pull out the final item , 1 SMALL key attach to a " dealy viper " key chain . she roll up the weapon in the sleep bag , and drive off . the heavy metal continue ... cu sign read , commonwealth bank of TEXAS int . commonwealth bank of TEXAS - day cu the bride stand at a teller window , she hold up she key . insert : 1 bank book and 1 driver' license with the bride 's photo on it and the name " candy ralston " on each . int . safety deposit vault - day the bride , with a big athletic bag sling over she shoulder , watch a teller remove four safety deposit box . int . private area - day where you look isnide you safety deposit box by yourself . the bride open up the first box ... ... it 's fill with cash . she open up the second box .... ... it 's fill with cash . she open up the third box .... .... it 's fill with cash . she open up the fourth box .... .... she take out a bag . Inside the bag be 14 forged http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 36 of 185 , kill Bill passport and driver' license in 14 different name . also in the box , be one compact refrigerator case . she open it , inside be 2 beautiful handmade gold syringe and 1 vial of fluid . a subtitle appear underneath : truth serum of Bill 's own concoction . he call it , " the undispute Truth . " as the heavy metal continue ... we see the bride leave the bank , all the weapon she need , all the money she need take the first step on she bloody trail ... a rinky dink graphic of a map of japan the tiny figure of a black airplane fly over the map , leave a dot - line trail behind it . we move into the black airplane and dissolve to int . airplane ( flying ) overhead shot of the bride in she passenger seat , fly to Japan . we see she 's hold a clean white handkerchief . she 's sewing the name " Bill " in the corner . end of music montage . black frame title card : chapter Three the man from okinawa fade up on int . sushi bar ( okinawa , japan ) - day the entrance to a tiny sushi bar , cover by a japanese curtain .... subtitle appear : " the City of okinawa , japan " ..+. the fabric be move aside , and the bride enter the shot , and the tiny establishment . the little fish and sake bar be the definition of the word cozy . besides the bride , the only other person inside be the sushi chef , who smile at she behind the midget bar . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 37 of 185 kill Bill this japanese man in he mid-fifty greet the tall , blonde western girl with a turn - on- for-the-tourist affability . sushi chef ( english ) English ? the bride ( english ) almost american . sushi chef ( english ) ahhhh , ... America , welcome ... welcome ... my English -- very good . the bride smile at this and walk further inside . she do not come across as one of the world 's deadly assassin , but instead as a sweet , slightly airhead , american tourist . the bride ( japanese ) domo . the Sushi chef give a exaggerated look of surprise , and say ; sushi chef ( english ) oh , '' domo " , very good -- very good , you speak japanese ? the bride ( english nooo , just a few word I learn since yesterday . - May I sit at the bar ? sushi chef ( english ) sure sure sure - sit . what other word do you learn - excuse I -- the Sushi chef yell in japanese , to someone offscreen . the bride think the restaurant so small it 's almost hard to imagine there could be a back room to it . before get a response from whoever it be he be yell to a moment ago , the Sushi chef turn back to the bride . sushi chef ( english -- what other japanese you learn ? the bride put on a think face . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 38 of 185 , kill Bill the bride ( english ) oh ...let 's see ... " arigato . " sushi chef ( english ) " arigato " ... very good . the bride ( japanese ) .».. " ah - so " ... sushi chef ( japanese ) " ah - so ! " you know what " ah - so " mean B the bride " I see . " sushi chef I see - very good . the bride I already say " domo " , right ? sushi chef ( english ) yes . the bride ( japanese ) " kon-netie - wa . " the Sushi chef go " oooh " answer to a mystery . like he 's just discover the sushi chef ( english ) ... " kon-nichi - wa " ... repeat please . the bride ( japanese ) " Kon-nichi-wa ? " say with surprise and admiration ; sushi chef ( english ) most impressive ... you say japanese word , like you japanese . the bride smile and let loose with a girlish giggle . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 39 of 185 , kill Bill the bride now you be make fun of I . sushi chef ( english ) no no no - serious business pronunciation - very good . you say '' arigato " ... like we say " arigato . " the bride ( english ) well , thank you - I mean ... arigato . sushi chef ( english ) you should learn japanese - very easy . the bride ( english ) no kid , I hear it 's kinda hard . whenever the Sushi chef do not either hear you or understand you , he yell the word ; sushi chef ( english ) what ! and everybody always speak louder and clearer immediately afterwards . the bride ( english ) I always hear it be difficult . sushi chef ( english yes yes yes - most difficult . but you have japanese tongue . the bride ( english maybe I be japanese in another life . the Sushi chef proclaim as if he should know ; sushi chef ( english ) most definitely , most definitely japanese in another life . he set a order of colorful , raw fish in front of the young blonde woman , that not only look good , it look beautiful . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 40 of 185 kill Bill the bride ( english ) how do you know tuna 's my favorite ? sushi chef ( english ) what ! the bride ( english tuna 's my favorite . sushi chef ( english ) ah , thank you very much . he yell offscreen in japanese agai . a little bald japanese man with a shitty attitude , come out from the back room . he head for the tall blonde ask in a grumbly voice in japanese , " what she want to drink ? " the bride ( english ) ( to the bald man ) I beg you pardon ? the Sushi chef pantomime drink . sushi chef ( english ) - drink - the bride ( english ) oh yes , a bottle of warm sake . sushi chef ( english ) ahhh sake , ( he hold up he thumb ) very good . in japanese he yell / order the warm sake , the little bald man disappear . the bride take a bite out of she fish . sushi chef ( english ) first time in Japan ? the bride ( english ) a-huh . sushi chef ( english ) what ! http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 41 of 185 kill Bill the bride ( english ) yes , this be my first time . as the chef slice the next portion with a large knife , he ask ; sushi chef ( english ) what bring you to Okinawa ? the bride ( english ) I come to see a man . sushi chef ( english ) aaahh , you have friend live in Okinawa ? the bride ( english ) not quite . sushi chef ( english ) not friend ? the bride ( english ) I have never meet he . the Sushi chef continue slice ..... sushi chef ( english ) who be he , may I ask ? the bride hattori hanzo . there 's a break in the Sushi chef 's slice . after a beat , he bring a bloody finger into frame and stick it in he mouth . the little bald man appear with a bottle of warm sake , he pour one for the bride , then disappear again . as the bride sip the sake , she look at the chef . as the Sushi chef suck he finger , he look at the bride . the Sushi chef drop the voice he have be use up to that point ... and in japanese subtitled in english ask ; sushi chef ( japanese ) what do you want with hattori hanzo ? http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 42 of 185 , kill Bill the bride answer in japanese ; the bride ( japanese ) I need japanese steel . sushi chef ( japanese ) why do you need japanese steel ? the bride ( japanese ) I have vermin to kill . sushi chef ( english ) you must have big rat you need hattori hanzo steel . the bride ( english huge . int . hattori hanzo' attic - day the trap door in the floor open up , and hattori hanzo ( Sushi chef ) , climb inside the room , follow by the bride . the room have many handcraft samurai sword in hand - carve wooden sheath rest on wooden rack run the length of the second half of the attic . the bride walk down the row of japanese steel , look and touch the shiny wood . she look behind she to hanzo who be still by the trap door , and say ; the bride ( japanese ) May I ? the Sushi chef answer in english ; hanzo ( english ) yes you may ..... she start reach for one ... hanzo ( english ) .. try the second one down in the sixth row on you leave . she find it lie sleep in its shiny , black sheath . her hand lift it from the rack . she unsheath the steel , partially .... then with great http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 43 of 185 kill Bill flourish .... completely . hanzo 's mouth from a smile . hanzo ( english ) funny , you like samurai sword ... he pull a baseball out of he pocket . hanzo ( english ) ... I like baseball . then suddenly - he throws the baseball hard , right at the bride 's head .... quick as a whip , she slice the ball in half , in mid AIR . the two perfectly cut baseball piece , hit the floor . he give she a slight nod , then cross the attic towards she . hanzo ( japanese ) I want to show you this .... however someone as you , who know so much must surely know , I no longer make instrument of death . I keep this here for they ascetic and sentimental value . ( he take both sword and sheath from she ... ) yet proud though I be of my life 's work . ( ...he close they together ) I be retire . the bride ( english ) then give I one of this . hanzo ( english ) this be not for sale . the bride ( english ) I do not say , sell I . I say , give I . hanzo ( english ) and why should I be oblige to assist you in the extermination of you vermin ? http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 44 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm the bride ( english ) because my vermin , be a former student of yours . and consider the student , I would say you have a rather large obligation . hattori hanzo go to a dusty window , and write the name , " bill " on it with he finger . the blonde girl nod she head yes . the proud warrior move over to the door in the floor , throw it open . he point into a corner ... hanzo ( japanese ) you can sleep there ... ..... start to descend . hanzo ( japanese ) ... it will take I a week to make the sword ... eee before he head disappear , he say ; hanzo ( japanese ) ... I suggest you spend it practice . ... he close the door behind he . she smile slightly ... then move over to the window , take out a handkerchief , and wipe Bill 's name off . fade to black . over black title appear : " one week later " under black we hear hattori hanzo 's voice in japanese and read the subtitles ; hanzo ( v.o. ; japanese ) I be do do what I swore a oath to God 28 year ago to never do again . I have create , " something that kill people . " and in that purpose I be a success . fade up on page 45 of 185 kill Bill cu hattori hanzo ex cu the hanzo ( japanese ) I have do this , because philosophically I be sympathetic to you aim . hanzo sword tracking ex cu of the hanzo sword in its shiny , black wood sheath . at the base of the sheath , by the handle , he 's carve the face of a lioness ... cu hanzo . hanzo ( v.o. ; japanese ) I can tell you with no ego , this be my finest sword . if on you journey , you should encounter God , God will be cut . hanzo ( japanese ) revenge be never a straight line . it 's a forest . and like a forest it 's easy to lose you way ... to get lose ... to forget where you come in . to serve as a compass , a combat philosophy must be adopt that can be find in the secret doctrine of the yagu ninja . and now my yellow haire warrior , repeat after I ; we go back and forth between cu of hanzo recite the doctrine like a samurai drill instructor and the bride repeat the bride the bride the bride http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm it . hanzo ( japanese ) " when engage in combat , the vanquish of thine enemy can be the warrior 's only concern ... repeat this ... hanzo ( japanese ) ... this be the first and cardinal rule of combat ... repeat this ... hanzo ( japanese ) suppress all human emotion and compassion ... repeat this ... page 46 of 185 kill Bill hanzo ( japanese ) ... kill whoever stand in thy way even if that be Lord God , or buddha himself ... the bride repeat this ... hanzo ( japanese ) this truth lie at the heart of the art of combat . once it be master ... thou shall fear no one ... though the devil himself may bar thy way ... the bride repeat this ... her eye look at the great maker of sword on this earth and say ; the bride domo . ex cu the hanzo sword , she white hand with she long finger come into frame and remove the beautiful , artful instrument of vengeance . fade to black . over black title card : chapter four showdown at house of blue leave CUT to : a blank piece of drawing paper a hand come in and , as the bride talk over this image , draw with a piece of charcoal , a portrait of the geisha regaled o-ren ishii . the bride ( v.o. ) when fortune smile on something as violent and ugly as revenge , at the time it seem proof like no other that not only do God exist , you be do he will . at a time when I know the last about my enemy , the first name on my death list , be the easiest to find . but of course , when one manage the difficult task of become queen of the Tokyo underworld , one do not keep it a secret , do one ? http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 47 of 185 kill Bill the charcoal draw get color and become animated , turn into a japamation o-ren ... japanese animation sequence we see japamation - style image of the bride 's verbiage . the bride ( v.o. ) at the age of twenty , Bill back he nippon progeny financially and philosophically in she shakespearian - in - magnitude power struggle with the other yakuza clan , over who would rule vice in the city of Tokyo . japamation image of o- ren and she Army , take on another yakuza army , among fall cherry blossom . we CUT back and forth between cartoon image of this and the real life real mccoy samurai sword battle . o - ren 's ability be simply amazing . the bride ( v.o. ) when it be all over , it be the geisha-regaled o - ren ishii that prove the victor . int . japanese night club o- ren have just become the official leader of crime in the city of Tokyo . the six yakuza clan boss , each with two bodyguard stand behind they , toast they new leader , with much laughter and drink ... all except one ... boss tanaka . the bride ( v.o. ) and just in case you be wonder how could a half breed japanese chinese american become the boss of all criminal activity in Tokyo , Japan , ... I will tell you . the subject of o - ren 's blood and nationality come up before the council only once . the night o - ren assume power over the crime council . boss tanaka be the picture of angere ambiance among the alcohol - fuel frivolity . the bride ( v.o. ) the man who seem bound and determine to break the mood be boss tanaka . and what boss tanaka think be ... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 48 of 185 , kill Bill boss tanaka bring he fist down on the table , smash the plate in front of he into itty bitty piece . the party come to a halt as all eye go to the leader of the tanaka crime family . crime family leader # 2 ( japanese ) tanaka ? what 's the meaning of this outburst ? this be a time for celebration . boss tanaka ( japanese ) and what exactly should I be celebrate ? the perversion of we illustrious council ? the boss all react with shock and outrage ... o- ren remain cool . she raise she voice for the first word , but lower it for the rest of the sentence . o-ren ( japanese ) gentlemen ... boss tanaka obviously have something on he mind . allow he to express it . boss tanaka ( japanese ) my father ... ( look at a clan head ) ... along with yours and ... ( look at another ) ... along with yours , start this council . and while you drink like fish and laugh like donkey , they weep in the afterlife over the perversion commit today . the boss react again ... o- ren ; o-ren ( japanese ) silence ! ( then compose ) of what perversion do you speak , tanaka ? boss tanaka look at the female half - breed american and say ; boss tanaka ( japanese ) I speak , mistress ishii , ....of the perversion do to this council , which I love more than my own child , ... by make a half chinese american its leader . then ... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 49 of 185 kill Bill faster than you can say jimminy cricket , ... o- ren 's samurai sword be unsheathed ... boss tanaka 's head be liberated from its body ... the head hit the floor ... and from the spot between its shoulder blade , a geyser of blood shoot up in the air . the boss who be shocked at tanaka 's word be even more flabbergasted at o - ren 's resonse . the two bodyguard 's , stand behind boss tanaka , hand go to they sword and draw they . o- ren turn she blade in they direction . the boss and they bodyguard say nothing , ... only watch . the lady look across at the two man and say in and authoritative voice ; o-ren ( japanese ) fight I or work for I . they look at she for a moment , then they lower they sword . o-ren ( japanese ) Drop they on the ground . they do . o-ren ( japanese ) get behind I . they do . o-ren ( japanese ) get on you knee . they do . o-ren ( japanese ) put you forehead on the floor . they do . o-ren ( japanese ) keep you mouth shut . you better believe they do . the mistress ' eye get to the other boss look at she . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 50 of 185 kill Bill as she speak English , bodyguard translator translate for they boss . o-ren I be go to say this in English so you know how serious I be . as you leader , I encourage you to -- from time to time and always in a respectful manner , and with the complete knowledge that my decision be final -- to question my logic . if you be unconvince a particular plan of action I have decide be the wisest , tell I so . but allow I to convince you . and I will promise you , right here and now , no subject will be taboo ... except the subject that be just under discussion . o-ren ( japanese ) ( to a bodyguard ) Hand I that head . he pick it off the floor and meekly offer it to the Queen . she take it by the hair and hold it up as she speak o-ren ( english ) the price you pay for bring up either my chinese or my american heritage as a negative be , I collect you fuckin head . ( now completely american ) just like this fucker here . now if any of you sonsabitch get anything else to say , now 's the fuckin time . nobody say anything . o-ren ( english ) I do not think so . ( pause ) meeting adjourned . ext . the house of blue leave - japanese restaurant the entire o - ren ishii crew move through the restaurant . the customer all look up now as the crew pass . the restaurant staff act as if the shogun himself have just show up on they doorstep demand a meal . no doubt if the meal be not satisfactory the staff will gladly slice off a finger . the door to a private dining room be sly open , the crew step inside , the door be sly shut . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 51 of 185 kill Bill int . private dine area ( restaurant ) - night the private dining area of the japanese restaurant . the patron be surround by white paper wall . the camera circle around o-ren ishii . sit in between she , two personal bodyguard , the yubari sister , yuki and go go . the yubari sister be young than o - ren ; yuki be sixteen and go go be seventeen . both girl be dress in japanese schoolgirl uniform complete with plaid skirt and match blazer flash on ex cu of a eyeball ( the bride 's on she right be she french and japanese lawyer , sofie fatale . flash on ex cu of a eyeball the bunch of mop-topped young man , who all wear black suit white shirt , thin black tie and kato mask over they eye be she soldier , " the crazy 88 . " flash on ex cu of a ear , the bride 's finger come into frame and move blonde hair out of the sensory appendage 's way . and finally there 's a tall dark american in a black suit san kato mask -- that 's o - ren 's head of security , mr. barrel . they're all drink and have a good time as sofie tell a joke in japanese . the bride ( v.o . the mop top in black suit and kato mask be o - ren 's soldier " the crazy 88 . " the two young girl in the schoolgirl uniform be she personal bodyguard , the yubari sister . yuki , age sixteen , and go go , age seventeen . the pretty lady who 's dress like she 's a villain on Star Trek be o - ren 's best friend and she lawyer , sofie fatale . and finally , the american in the black suit but san kato mask , o - ren 's head of security , Mr. barrel suddenly o- ren hear something . like a deer in the forest , she head spring up on alert . it 's almost as if she 's listen to the bride 's narration . the bride 's narration suddenly stop in midsentence -- o - ren remove a SMALL dagger -dart from the fold of she robe and throws it in the direction of the sound . cu the bride dress in a kimono on the other side of the private dining room 's paper wall the dart fly through the paper , streak by her face , almost take off the tip of she nose in the process . insert : dart embed itself in a wood post . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 52 of 185 kill Bill o - ren 's action instantly bring the room 's frivolity to a halt . mistress ishii silently order go go and yuki to retrieve the eavesdropper . int . japanese restaurant - night the white paper door to o - ren 's dining room slam OPEN . yuki and go go step into the corridor . all trace of the bride have vanish . they look out over the restaurant , patron look normal . whoever be there be go now . go go remove the small dagger from the wood post and the yubari sister go back into the private dining room , slamming the door behind they . one shot cu the bride at the bar , in she kimono , drink a colorful cocktail . she observe all the activity by o - ren 's private dining room . when the yubari sister go back inside , the bride climb off she barstool and go through the restaurant ... into the parking area ... and up to she rental car . she open the door . take off she japanese kimono , underneath be a one - piece yellow track suit with a black stripe go down both side like the one Bruce Lee wear in " game of death . " she toss the kimono in the trunk , then remove the sheathed hanzo sword , with the sword of vengeance in she hand , we follow she back inside the restaurant . she look upstairs to the o - ren dining room . we see yuki yubari and sofie fatale , slide open the door , and walk down the stair together . when they get to the bottom , they give each other a kiss goodbye , and yuki leave the restaurant , while sofie make she way to the bathroom ... only to have the bride , now dress in she Bruce Lee yellow outfit and samurai sword in she hand , bar she way . end of shot back and forth between cu 's of the two woman , face to face . sofie ( japanese ) ( to bride ) can I help you ? the bride ( japanese ) yes , I be look for the attorney of o - ren ishii , sofie fatale . would that be you ? sofie ( japanese ) I be mistress ishii 's attorney . how can I help you ? http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 53 of 185 , kill Bill the bride punch she in the face . int . o-ren' private room aside from drink like fish , what be the queen of the Tokyo underworld - mistress o - ren ishii - and she private army do when we cut back ? sing karaoke , of course . it 's crazy 88 miki 's turn at the mike and he 's have a whale of a good time sing dionne Warwick 's " walk on by , " in japanese .... when ... a commotion be hear be make by the restaurant staff and the other patron , from the other side of the white paper wall ... just as they all start to notice it , they hear ; the bride ( 0.s. , japanese ) o- ren ishii ! you and I have unfinish business ! the crazy 88 spring to they foot . one slide open the door . they see o - ren 's lawyer , sofie fatale , stand in the middle of the restaurant , she leave arm completely outstretch , hand grip around a post . she have a terrify look on she face . before anybody on o - ren 's side of the room can say anything ... the bride step out from behind sofie . o-ren be reaction show how effective the element of surprise turn out to be . she say the bride 's name softly to herself ; it 's bleeped out . the bride the vengeance theme burst on the soundtrack ... the vein on she forehead begin to pulsate . we do a quick shaw brother zoom into her eye . a spaghetti - western flashback of o - ren beat the shit outta she at the wedding chapel be superimposed over her eye . the flashback dissolves , we zoom back into a cu , the vein stop pulsate , and the theme stop playing over the soundtrack , leaving a clean , colorful cu of the bride load for bear . she raise she hanzo sword , and slice off sofie 's Arm at the shoulder with one stroke . sofie spew and gush blood from she stump , twist she body in agony , painting the floor and the wall with giant splashes of Red , as she body hit the floor , twitching in both surprise and shock . the crazy 88 run out into the dining area and create a human wall between themselves and they mistress . mr . barrel and go go take position on either side of o - ren . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 54 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm o-ren seat in a shogun 's seat , rise furiously to she foot . o-ren ( japanese ) you bastard ! the bride do a swipe in the air with she sword ; sofie 's blood fly off the blade . the entire floor of the dining room lie between the two warring party . the bride versus . the crazy 88 the restaurant 's staff and patron sit or stand rigidly in fear . o - ren say loudly to the room ; o-ren ( japanese ) sorry everybody , but I be afraid we be go to have to close the place . there 's some private business that we must attend to now . the staff and the customer stampede the exit . the bride , the crazy 88 , and o - ren hold they ground without move a muscle , till the dining room , as well as the entire restaurant know as " the House of Blue leave , " be desert of every human not engage in the face - off that precede combat . o- ren give a simple order ; o-ren miki . miki , one of the crazy 88 ( the little one ) , step forward unsheath he sword , and yell at the yellow clad blonde . miki ( japanese ) you have it come bastard ! raising he samurai sword high , he charge , scream a banzai scream ... the bride turn to face he . miki charge and scream ... the bride slowly raise the hanzo sword into strike position . miki charge and scream , almost on top of she . page 55 of 185 kill Bill the bride , sword in position , wait for she opponent to arrive . miki arrive at he destination , he swing ... the bride swing ... the hanzo sword slice miki 's inferior blade in half . miki look down at the impotent weapon in he hand . the bride thrusts she sword through miki 's abdomen , then lift the little guy off the ground straight up in the air . miki scream , impale on she blade like a fish at the end of a spear . held up in the air , restaurant light fixture in the b.g . o - ren and she crew watch stunne . the bride drop the shishkabobbed miki into the koi pond that start outside the restaurant and end inside , with a huge blue splash . koi pond - Blue water - Orange and yellow fish - Red blood - Dead man . the bride look up from the pond , across the length of the floor , into the eye of o - ren ishii . she take one step forward , hear the slight noise , twirl the samurai sword in the air once , drop to one knee , and thrust the sword into the beige - color carpet - cover floor . the sword stick in the floor half way ... the sound of human death rise from underneath the floor ... overhead shot look down on the bride at one end and o - ren and she crew at the other . a Red Circle appear where the blade be bury in the floor ... the red circle grow larger ... and larger ... and larger ... and larger still ... leave the sword stick in the floor , handle stick straight up in the air , the bride rise up from she one knee and straight and tall , stare down the queen of the Tokyo underworld . o - ren she eye narrow with rage . she scream out another order o-ren ( japanese ) tear the bitch apart ! the six remain crazy 88 unsheath they sword at the same time with a great SOUND effect . they circle the bride . the bride Inside the circle of combatant who surround she . she whip the sword out of the floor and raise she blade diagonally in front of she . her eye be reflect in the shiny steel . holding she sword in the diagonal position , the bride can see reflect in the shiny blade , whoever stand behind she http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 56 of 185 kill Bill the six crazy 88 attack ... the bride do a Zatoichi-like swish -slash -swish with she steel blade . four boy die a immediate samurai blade- inflicted death , scream grunt , twitching body , frozen in the stance it be slashed in , red blood squirting from wound , then a crashing collapse to the floor . the last two put up more of a fight ... but then one of they be slashed and fall and the last one be slashed and crash through the restaurant 's big picture window . ex cu the eye of the bride , point down at the body by she foot , ... beat ... they look back up at o - ren . o-ren stand in between go go and Mr. barrel . her eye narrow . the bride swipe the air with she sword , the blood of the dead attacker fly off . go go and mr . barrel unsheath they sword . when ... we hear a loud SOUND of many engine behind the bride . then behind she , through the break picture window we see seventeen motorcycle pull up to the parking lot . all the rider wear black suit with kato mask , and all carry samurai sword . the bride look from the reinforcement to o - ren . o-ren smile . o-ren ( english ) ( to the bride ) you do not think it be go to be that easy , do you ? the bride ( english ) ( to o - ren ) you know , for a second there , yeah I do . o - ren smile ... o-ren ( english ) silly rabbit ... both o- ren and the bride finish the phrase together , ... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 57 of 185 kill Bill o-ren / the bride ... trix be for kid . this be something they use to say back when they fight alongside of each other as " viper . " the seventeen crazy 88 reinforcement come run into the restaurant and with draw sword surround the bride . as a heavy metal combat beat begin to pulsate on the soundtrack , the boy and the bride have a spaghetti western stand-off . we do a 360 inside the circle of the crazy 88 , who surround the yellow - haire warrior . not all have samurai sword ; one juggle two hatchet , another twirl a three - staff triple iron over he head . as the heavy Metal music build ... we cut to various Shots of the two oppose force prepare to Strike .... hand on sword handles ... foot find combat stance ...etc ... .... until heavy Metal reach its break Point ... .».. at that point , the Metal explode over the soundtrack ... in time with the bride exploding into a violent killing machine on screen . as she match skill with the army of black - suite boy , arm flail , silver blade clash and slash , long blonde hair whipping like a whirling dervish .... ... she 's a goddess of War venus . not only be the fight CUT to the heavy metal music , but the bride seem to be somewhat dance to it as she fight . this explosion of furious violence be punctuate cinematically by the color in the film popping off , and the fight be film in high contrast black and white , turn the squirting , spew geyser of blood from crimson red to oil black . many member of the crazy 88 be slice , slashed , and liberated from the limb they be bear with at the bride 's blade . some specific moment while clash sword , the bride whip the silver boomerang out of its holster , and throw it ... .... it twirl through the Air ... ... embedd itself longway in one of the boy 's face the bride do a mid - Air somersault over the head of a attacker , landing solid on she foot behind he ... slash , he 's out . the bride be knock to the floor , she attacker stand over she to spear the young blonde , her leg spring up in the Air ankle lock around the Boy 's neck she throw he down to the ground . with he neck still in the http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 58 of 185 , kill Bill vise - like grip of she ankle , she remove the sog knife from its sheath and plunge it deep into the Boy 's chest . while still on the ground , a attacker charge at she . yanking the boomerang out of the Dead Boy 's face , she send it Flying in the charge man 's path ... ... boomerang twirl through the Air Close to the Ground ... .. chop off the charge attacker 's Foot in mid step , he fall flat . the bride jump up onto a attacker 's shoulder . she lock she leg around he so he 's helpless at shaking she off . .. she swing down with she sword , and cut the man 's hand off . so while the helpless man with no hand scream , the now nine foot tall bride fight with the other . when she 's through she bring the blade across the man she 's perch on 's throat . he fall to he knee , bring the bride back to the floor like a alevator . as soon as she sole touch ground , she 's off he shoulder somersault on the floor , bring she blade up between a attacker 's leg into he groin . he let out a scream , as she yank she blade free . one attacker step out from the rest , " the best one . " he twirl he sword expertly , challenging the young woman to " come get a piece . " the bride do a scream charge towards he .... ... sword raise , the attacker stand he ground , calm - steady , wait for the blonde-haire locomotive to collide ..... they meet .. swing - clash - dance - separate - swing - clash - spin - clash - lock - twirl - separate - they match each other blow for blow , till one make a mistake . it 's the male . the bride 's swing , that 's neither clashed or block , slice off he right arm . ... the arm , still grip the samurai sword , drop to the floor . the bride push the hanzo sword right through the middle of he chest . only half of the crazy 88s that start the fight remain alive , or intact ... they start to approach ... the bride , still hold the sword that 's still impale the skilled attacker back up , keep he body between she and the remain killer . like a boxer , the bride use the momentary break in the action , to rest on she foot ..... then ... yank the blade from he chest cavity .... the body twitches - spasm - grunt and crashes to the floor . the attacker start to close in ... the bride ready herself for they attack .... then ( in perfect time with the heavy http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 59 of 185 kill Bill Metal ) ... drop to the floor on she back , spin like a top . she swing and slashes and cut down below at they leg and foot , like some hellish samurai sword - weild turtle flip over on its shell .... many black -suite , mask - wear boy drop to the ground . ... still spin like a break dancer , she spin up on top of she head , and pop back up on she foot . and then there be seven . the seven remain sword - weild , black -suite boy move out of range of the bride 's blade when she drop to the floor . now spread out , they make a large half - circle . the bride , slowly point the tip of she blade to the floor lower herself to one knee and slightly bow she head . in repose . ex cu the bride 's eye point up , watch they move closer , color come back into the film . we see she face be splash with blood . o-ren whip OPEN a red fan . go go stand by the restaurant 's junction box , she flip the switch . the room go dark . the crazy 7 make a wide circle around the blonde who 's still on the floor .... ... look down on she breathe hard in the shadow . as she breathes in and out , the face of a lioness be superimposed over her face . breathe in ( bride ) - breathe out ( lioness ) - breathe in ( bride ) - breathe out ( lioness ) ..... the bride rise to she foot ... the crazy 7 move in a circle around the bride , she move in a circle inside of they circle , all eight of they move in rhythm with the Metal ... the heavy Metal Music build ....to a big finish ... then both Music and the bride explode ! wide shot - framed like a kabuki stage with the light off , the White paper wall the eight killer fight in front of turn a psychedelic Bright Blue . the snow fall outside be reflect against the paper wall like black snow fall on a blue shadow puppet stage . the eight samurais be Black silhouettes against the blue backdrop . they begin to combat in a dance of blood , steel and death . the bride do a sword - weild dosey - doe with all sword - weild partner . she clish-clash-clish-clashes with all of they - they seperate - stalk each other for a moment to the beat - then clish - clash -clish -clash again , with the bride kill or hack the limb of one unlucky dance partner at each http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 60 of 185 kill Bill encounter - sometimes during the separation , the bride crouch down low in repose while the other continue to circle stalk ... then ... she strike again . we cut in closer whenever we need to . finally the last of o - ren 's soldier fall to the bride 's sword . go go stand by the junction box , flip a switch turn the light back on . the electricity shine light on ... the bride splash all over with blood . blood painting the floor , wall and ceiling . Dead body , several limb , and horribly wounded man who have yet to die , litter the ground . with a big " whoosh " in the air , the blood of o - ren 's subordinate fly off the blonde avenger 's blade . then say to the foe who litter the ground . the bride ( japanese ) that of you lucky enough to still have you life . take they with you . but leave the limb you have lose . they belong to I now . the wounded man , crawl out of the restaurant . the yellow - haire crimson - cover woman , look to the last remain combatant ... Mr. barrel , go go yubari , and o - ren ishii . go go step forward and remove she weapon , it 's not a samurai sword . it 's a heavy metal ball at the end of a long chain . she begin twirling it above she head . each rotation make a whoosh sound in the air . ball and chain in a 3 - d- like effect , the metal ball come right at we . the bride duck out of the way , the heavy ball destroy a large chunk of wood post behind she . go go eye focus on she enemy ... whoosh .... whoosh .... whoosh ... she let fly ... the ball and chain wrap around the blade of the hanzo sword ... ... go go yank ... .. the hanzo sword fly out of she grip . go go smile ... then ... whoosh ... whoosh ... the bride remove she boomerang and throws it at go go. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 61 of 185 kill Bill the boomerang twirl through the air head right for go go . bam the young bodyguard swat it out of the air with she ball and chain . she lift up she chain and the boomerang lie bent , on the floor . she look across at she opponent ... whoosh ... whoosh ... whoosh.. she lets fly . it strike the bride in the chest , knock she on she back ... .. go go twirl it over she head and send it towards the bride on the floor . the bride roll out of the way , the metal ball punch a hole in a overturn table instead . the weaponless bride wrestle a table leg loose from its purpose . she hop up on a table , table leg in hand , ready to fight . go go hop up on a table ... as they fight they hop from table to table ... go go throw she ball and chain ... ... the bride - quick as a whip ... bat it away with the table leg . go go let loose with the ball and chain ... it wrap around the bride 's ankle ... go go yank ... ... the bride 's leg be yank out from under she , she fall crashing through another table . go go jump on top of the bride , attack she with a samurai short sword . the bride use the table leg to block it . the woman fight fiercely , lock in grapple , each face ugly with struggle . go go let she leave earlobe get too close to the bride 's mouth ... the bride bite down on it . go go scream as the lower part of the appendage be bitten off , and she roll off the bride . the bride come at she , bring the table leg -- whoops upside her head -- whoop - whoop -side -her head . the girl in the schoolgirl uniform fall on she back , and deliver a powerful " c.k. " to the bride from below , drop she to she knee . o- ren be up , and wrap the chain around the bride 's neck and begin to strangle . the chain dig into the bride 's throat . the bride bring the table leg , which have a couple of nasty look nail in it , hard against the japanese girl 's thigh . the nail cut through the plaid school uniform skirt into she flesh ... the bride rip out the nail , take some leg meat with they . go go let out a horrific scream . the bride bring the table leg down on the toe of the young girl 's white tennis shoe . the nail stick in , the white shoe http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 62 of 185 kill Bill become stain with red . go go scream let loose of the chain ... fall on the floor . the bride unwrap the chain around she neck , and begin breathe air into she lung . go go try to escape , drag she fuck - up leg with she ... the bride rise from the floor and begin , twirling go go 's weapon above she head . go go , fast as she can , climb up the stair to the second floor ... the bride stand at the bottom of the stair , twirling the ball and chain over she head . go go frantically , and in great pain , climb the stair ... she get to the top . the bride let loose with the ball and chain ... it hit the female bodyguard and one half of the yubari sister , smack DAB in the back of the head . cu go go we see she face as she 's deliver a death blow right behind it . we see behind she eye and feature , she life and spirit shatter like a teapot . like a discard rag doll , go go yubari tumble down the staircase landing in a pile at the bride 's foot . Dead before the tumble begin . the bride throw the ball and chain to the floor . her eye go to the last two remain combatant ... ... Mr. barrel and o- ren ishii . the bride ( japanese ) any more subordinate for I to kill , o - ren ? Mr. barrel say ; mr . barrel one last one . the bride you be Mr. barrel , right ? mr . barrel and you be Black mamba . the bride http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 63 of 185 kill Bill we reputation precede we . mr . barrel apparently . the bride tell I Mr. barrel , why do not you wear you kato mask ? be you and iconoclast ? Mr. barrel take out a kato mask on a stick , like from a 17th century costume ball , and hold it over he eye . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm mr . barrel I do not like that rubber band . it fuck up my hair . the bride you should not work for she . mr . barrel too late . the bride it 's not too late to quit . mr . barrel do you have choice ? the bride mr . barrel I know exactly how you feel . the bride this have nothing to do with you and I , and everything to do with I take satisfaction from that bitch behind you . and there 's absolutely positively no way I 'm go to leave here without take that satisfaction . so Mr. barrel , you have to stand aside . and that mean you must quit , right now . page 64 of 185 kill Bill mr . barrel I can not . the bride yes you can . mr . barrel no I can not . the bride do not say " can not " , there be no " cant 's . " yes - you - can ..... o- ren ishii scream at she " ... last line of defense ; " o-ren ( english ) what be you wait for ? be you on a date ? attack she you fool ! the bride oh my God ... ( pause ) ... she just call you a fool . she just call you a fool in front of I . not only be I you opponent . I be a female fellow countryman . and you be go to risk you life - to say nothing of harm I - for a woman who refer to you as a £ 001 ? o-ren be furious , and slap Mr. barrel on the shoulder . o-ren ( japanese ) attack , goddamn you ! the bride act like she 's embarrassed to witness what she just see . Mr. barrel spin in o - ren 's direction shoot she a look she 's never see from he before . he then look back to the bride . her eye be wait for he . she say with just the slight hint of plea in she voice ; the bride I will owe ya one . he look at she a beat longer ... then say as he resheath he http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 65 of 185 kill Bill sword ; mr . barrel the thing I do for a pretty face . insert : the blade slide back down into the sheath , the handle lock into place with a click . he look back over he shoulder at he former mistress , and say ; mr . barrel ( japanese ) I quit . o- ren fries and egg on she head . then with he sheathed sword in he right hand , and he leave hand in he pants pocket , he walk across the carnage - strewn room and out the front door . as he walk , when he 's parallel with the bride , he stop and say ; mr . barrel about that one you owe I . the bride yes ? mr . barrel I be gonna collect someday , you know ? the bride I will be disappointed if you do not . he continue walk without a look back . before he exit the restaurant , he throw a look in sofie 's direction , who 's lie minus she arm in a pool of she own blood , and say ; mr . barrel tough luck bout that arm sofe . he exit the Movie . o-ren and the bride match eye . the japanese gal say ; o-ren ( english ) very funny . ( pause ) you instrument be quite impressive . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 66 of 185 , kill Bill the bride ( japanese ) domo . o-ren ( japanese ) where be it make ? the bride Okinawa . o-ren ( japanese ) whom in Okinawa make you this steel ? the bride this be hattori hanzo steel . o-ren ( japanese ) you lie !! the bride just smile at she rival 's response . o - ren 's composure return . o-ren ( japanese ) sword however never get tired . I hope you have save you energy . if you have not , you might not last five minute . ( pause ) have you see the garden in this establishment ? the bride ( japanese ) no. o-ren ( japanese ) oh , you really should . it 's quite beautiful . allow I . o- ren move out of the position she 's stand in for the entire battle . she step on the doormat of a corpse , that serve the same purpose of a bottom step , and move over to the white paper wall and slide it open .... revealing .... see a white winter wonderland , set against a jet Black sky . a snow - cover japanese Garden await right outside . snow fall from the sky ( slightly artificial , not phony - but operatic / theatrical ) . o- ren stand next to the bride in the doorway look out into the white night . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 67 of 185 kill Bill o-ren ( japanese ) as last look go , you could do worse . the Queen of the Tokyo underworld step outside ... the bride follow she ... int . snow - cover japanese garden - night as snow fall around they , they stand the correct distance from one another . combat music begins playing , but not japanese drum - Spanish flamenco guitar ....... the bride unsheath she sword quickly ... holding it out in front of she ... tip of blade point at o - ren ... sword 's handle and she finger wrap around that handle , up by she cheek ... her eye be reflected on the blade ... snow fall around she . o- ren begin walk forward towards the bride ... she raise up she sword , still in its sheath , in front of she face vertically ... then begin slowly unsheathe it ... snow fall around she . o-ren' feet White sock in wooden clog , walk forward , crunch snow underneath they .. the bride holding sword ... eye reflect in blade ...her yellow sneaker crunch snow underneath they ... o-ren when she sword be fully unsheathed , the japanese combat artist hold both arm straight out at she side , sword in one hand - Wood sheath in the other , like a bird .... .... the two woman circle each other .... they swing - clash - dance - separate ... circle ... swing - clash - dance - separate ... o-ren leap in the air do a somersault over the bride 's head , landing behind she opponent . she bring she sword down in a slash swing ... slashing the bride across she back - spin she around ... o - ren go in for the kill ... the bride meet she blade ... the blade clash and lock ... the two woman 's face come together as the blade become entangle ... o- ren move she arm in a counter - clockwise motion that loosen the grip enough to bring she sword handle hard into the bride 's mouth ... knock she backwards over a small , stone bench - flat on she ass in a koi pond . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 68 of 185 - the combat guitar stop - o - ren do not charge the fall blonde , she laugh ; o-ren ( english ) silly caucasian girl like to play with samurai sword . Bill might of humor you , but you will find neither humor nor mercy at my blade . now unless you intend to commit sepeku among the koi , stand up and fight . you may not be able to fight like a samurai , but you can at least die like a samurai . the combat guitar start again ... as the bride slowly rise out of the koi pond . she bring up she sword and say calmly to o - ren in japanese ; the bride ( japanese ) attack I . with everything you have . the two woman clash sword furiously , they attack end with the bride 's strike o - ren - not fatally - but deep . they separate ... ... breathe hard ... cold Air come out of they mouth like two locomotive ... o- ren look down to she wound , then back up to the bride . the respect for the bride 's ability be transparent . the two woman Circle stalk each other again ... Red blood run down yellow leg onto yellow sneaker ... wooden clog crunching the snow , blood trail drip down leg stain White sock with Red ... they attack , the geisha figurine and the tall western girl with the mane of whipping blonde Hair . turn - clash , both woman be out of breath and have as they both drink the harsh cold air leave red blood stain in the white have the same think . the next clash o-ren ( japanese ) they swing - twist - match blow for blow till they both back off . to stop to recuperate . into they lung snow , the two female will be they last . I apologize for ridicule you earlier . the bride accept . they continue breathe ... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm ( japanese ) page 69 of 185 kill Bill the bride ( japanese ) ready ? o-ren ( japanese ) yes . the flamenco guitar begin again , as the two woman Circle each other for they final attack . with all the quickness and skill at they command , they clash in a superb display of samurai swordplay ... till ... they find themselves on opposite side of a garden wall ... ... the bride and o - ren both begin running diagonally through the snow , sword hold up high , facing each other , continue to run even after they pass the wall , scream they samurai heart out ... until ... they both swing ... .. can not tell who get who ... a scalp of long , black hair fly through the AIR , landing in the white snow . cu o-ren ishii face away from the bride . sword still in she hand . we see she do not have the top of her head on . a touch of she brain be expose . blood droplet streak she face like raindrop . the Queen of the Tokyo underworld , who 's regime have just end with one swing , stare off into space . o-ren ( english ) that really be a hattori hanzo sword ... her sword fall from she grip ... in the snow by she foot . o-ren ( english ) I always dream of own one ... o - ren fall to she knee , toppling forward . Left cheek in the snow , just barely alive , she say ; o-ren ( english ) do he make it for you ? the bride ( english ) yes . the last thing she say before she die ; http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 70 of 185 kill Bill o-ren ( english ) .. he must of like you . with she cheek rest against the snow , she eye close and she 's go . the bride remove a white handkerchief ( the one we see she sewing earlier with " Bill " in the corner ) , and use it to wipe the blood , once belong to the first name on she death list , off she hanzo steel . ex cu the hanzo sword be return back to its sheath . the lion' head that hanzo carve into the wood seem pleased . CUT to : the bride now wear a yellow , faceless motorcycle crash helmet on she head , stand framed in a trunk shot . sofie fatale minus a arm , lie curl up in the trunk of she mazda xoxo . the bride slam the trunk , screen boe black ... the mazda drive down the road at supersonic speed . the bride behind the wheel wear she crash helmet . it look like a insert from " grand prix . " Pov through windshield car speed ... then stop . black screen the bride lift up trunk lid , we look up at she framed in the trunk shot . helmet on head make she faceless , gold deadly viper syringe in she hand . when she speak it come out of a voice BOX at the bottom of the helmet . turn she voice deeper and electronically spooky . the two woman speak japanese to each other . the bride ( japanese ) I have keep you alive for one reason . information . be o- ren 's lawyer I take it you be familiar with Bill ? sofie ( japanese ) yes . the bride ( japanese ) in fact , I would guesstimate , you work for Bill before o - ren , and that 's how it be you come to work for o - ren . be I correct ? page 71 of 185 kill Bill sofie ( japanese ) yes . the bride ( japanese ) I think so . give I the arm you have leave . sofie ( japanese ) why ? the bride ( japanese ) I want information . now gimme you arm . sofie offer up she remain arm . she inject sofie with the gold syringe . the bride ( japanese ) the cocktail racing through you bloodstream at this moment be Bill 's own recipe . he call it " the undispute Truth . " sofie be injected . the bride ( japanese ) okay , first thing first . where be the other yubari sister ? yuki ? sofie ( japanese ) yuki 's sick . she go home early . the bride ( japanese ) do tell ? what 's wrong with she ? sofie ( japanese ) she have a cold . the bride ( japanese ) awwww poor baby . what do you think she will do when she find out what happen ? sofie ( japanese ) she will wail with grief . page 72 of 185 kill Bill SHOCK CUT to yuki yubari upon hearing the news of she sister 's death ... she scream ! back to sofie sofie she will drink excessively . back to yuki Big bottle of sake in she mouth point bottom up . back to sofie sofie she will start trouble . back to yuki sit at a bar in drunken stupor . a older japanese man in a business suit sit next to she at the bar ... he put the make on she . business suit ( japanese ) do you like ferraris ? yuki stare out into space , say with a drunken voice ; yuki ( japanese ) Ferrari italian trash . she slowly turn to face the older japanese man in the business suit . yuki ( japanese ) do you find I hot ? the man in the business suit giggle at she boldness ; she get annoyed ; yuki ( japanese ) do not laugh ! do you want to fuck I , yes or no ? business suit ( japanese ) yes . then ... he let out a grunt come from below . we see she have stab he in the belly with a samurai short sword , and be slowly drag the blade across he abdomen , page 73 of 185 kill Bill create a big red grin across he mid-section . two shot yuki and business suit yuki focus , Business suit penetrate ... she open he up more ... he feel every inch of the blade 's progress . yuki ( japanese ) how bout now , big boy , do you still wish to penetrate I ... blade cut deeper ... yuki ( japanese ) or be it I who have penetrate you . and with she last line , do the final disembowel slice that send he inside spilling out onto the barroom floor . back to sofie sofie ( japanese ) when she stop shed tear , she will start shed blood . the bride ( japanese ) best guess , what will she do ? sofie ( japanese ) I do not hafta guess , she will come after you . the bride ( japanese ) will she ever give up ? sofie ( japanese ) she will not have to . when she find you , I do not know who will win . but what I do know be , she will find you . the bride ( japanese ) be she more skilled than I ? sofie ( japanese ) Skilled will not be the word . the bride ( japanese ) do not be coy with I , bitch . what page 74 of 185 kill Bill would be the word ? sofie crazy . the bride take this in ... then move on . the bride ( japanese ) okay , now I want all the information on the deadly viper , ... what they have be do and where I can find they . ext . tokyo general hospital - night the big hospital of tokyo be locate by a hill by the highway . sofie 's mazda pull off the highway to the side . the bride hop out of the car , run to the back , open the trunk , take out sofie 's body , and roll it down the hill .... sofie stop roll in front of the entrance of the huge hospital . CUT to : cu sofie in a hospital environment . Bill 's voice speak to she off screen ; bill ( 0.s. ; english ) sofie , sofie , my sofie , I be so sorry . sofie ( english ) please forgive my betrayal -- he shhhh 's she off screen ; bill ( 0.s. ; english -- no more of that . I invent that truth serum . once it enter you bloodstream , you no longer have a choice . sofie ( english ) but , still -- bill ( 0.s. ; english ) -- but still -- nothing , except my aching heart over what she 's do to my beautiful and brilliant sofie . page 75 of 185 kill Bill ( pause ) if you have to guess why she leave you alive , what would be you guess ? sofie ( english ) guess will not be necessary . she inform I . back to the bride at the trunk the bride ( english I be allow you to keep you wick life for one reason and one reason only . so you can tell he , in person , everything that happen here tonight . I want he to witness the extent of my mercy ... , by witness you deform body . I want you to tell he , all the information you just tell I . I want he to know what I know . I want he to know I want he to know . then with superman x-ray vision we see through the helmet to the bride 's face inside as she say the last line . the bride ( english ) and I want they all to know , they will all soon be as dead as 0 ren . we CUT to a cu of sofie we pan to a cu of yuki Bill say off screen ; bill ( 0.s. ; japanese ) if o- ren be number one , unless she 's be tricky , vernita Green will be number two . yuki ( japanese ) where be vernita Green ? bill ( 0.s. , japanese ) Los Angeles . vernita 's in pasadena . but the woman you want will hold up in a low budget motel , fifteen of twenty minute away from step on board a plane depart lax . if I have to bet ... I would say hawthorne . page 76 of 185 , kill Bill yuki blow a pink bubble gum bubble , it pop and she say in English ; yuki ( english ) California , here I come . CUT to : cu hattori hanzo he 's sewing something that require a lot of concentration . cu the bride's bare back what he 's sewing be , the nasty slash o - ren give the bride on she back , close with a simple needle and thread . cu the bride lie naked on she stomach , head up , chin rest on she fold hand , feel no pain at the needle pierce she flesh . the sleep giant be awake , and in she eye we see she 's fill with a terrible resolve . as hanzo sew , he recite in japanese the yagu mantra , the bride recite in japanese after he . ex cu : o-ren ishii be name write in the bride 's notebook with the number one next to it . a black feel pen come into frame and draw a line through the name . fade to black , black frame title card : chapter five yuki' revenge we hear music under this card ... montage of yuki come to Los Angeles cut to music . we see yuki dress in she japanese private schoolgirl outfit with white blouse , plaid skirt , bobby sock , blazer , and barrettes in she hair , fly on a jet enroute to Los Angeles . she paint she fingernails with bubble gum - color nail polish . yuki walk through lax . yuki stand next to a car salesman on a California car lot . she point at a car in front of she . we see she cool convertible sport car and she finger point at it . we see yuki behind the wheel of the sport car , drive as fast as she can through the twist and turn of the Hollywood Hills , laugh all the way . we see yuki run around all over LA , Hollywood and disneyland take picture with she disposable barbie camera . page 77 of 185 kill Bill split screen yuki be side photo : yuki with the Hollywood signin the b.g. , she point to it . photo : yuki in front of the chinese theatre . photo : yuki at grauman 's chinese theatre , wear a cowboy hat , in front of Roy Rogers 's and trigger 's hand foot and hoof print . she hold she finger like a six - shooter . photo : yuki pose with a celebrityshe 's bump into . yuki behind the velvet rope of a Hollywood premiere with the other fan . she watch the star walk the red carpet with she autograph book in she hand . yuki scream on a roller - coaster . photo : at disneyland . do a bonnie and clyde-style pose with a Captain hook . and another photo in between chip not Dale . cu yuki walk , stalking , and eat huge ice cream waffle cone . the bride's side the bride on a airplaine fly to Los Angeles . the plane land in L.A. the bride walk off the plane with the other passenger . the bride walk through lax . cu the bride walk through lax . split screen ( cont 'd yuki' side we see yuki be tailing the bride through lax . yuki drive she sport car . stalk . medium cu of yuki wear a whiteuniform , and take money . her eye watch something off screen . we see yuki be dress like a ice cream man , and be sell ice cream to kid from a ice cream truck on the bride's side we see the bride be be follow by yuki . we heroine be unaware . the bride rent a motel . we see yuki 's car drive by in the b.g. through the motel 's picture window . yuki be Pov : the bride enter she yellow pickup truck park in front of vernita 's house . ex cu : vernita GREEN be name in the bride 's notebook . she draw a black feel pen through page 78 of 185 kill Bill vernita 's block . cu yuki 's face as she watch the bride drive away . cu yuki , smile . now 's the time . yuki , at night , sit in the surveillance seat of she sport car . her hand be busy below frame . the name . the bride ( to herself ) two down , and three to go . the bride drive away from the scene of she latest victory . yuki be Pov : the yellow pussy wagon drive away . yuki be Pov : the exterior of the motel , the bride be stay in . the motel be locate on a hawthorne residential street . her yellow pickup truck be park on the street . split screen ( cont 'd yuki be side yuki load a Israel compact sub -machine gun that lay on she plaid skirt lap . cu yuki watch . weapon lock , load , and ready . she make a line of baby blue powder on the dashboard , then snort it up she nose . a subtitle appear underneath : drug of Bill 's own concoction . he call it , " the blue . " the drug affect she . now 's the time . yuki get out of the car and head for the oblivious bride . cu yuki walk towards the bride . the bride's side the bride , on the phone book she flight out of LA to Texas , as she pack she crap inside she motel room . the bride carry she stuff , the hanzo sword she money in a backpack , and she other stuff in a canvas duffle bag . she carry the stuff from indoors to outdoors to the yellow pickup . yuki be Pov : we see the bride from a distance by she truck . yuki be Pov : approach the bride from behind . a camera behind yuki as she walk , hold the sub-machine gun behind she back . page 79 of 185 kill Bill full screen we stay with yuki 's side as she stop across the street from the bride . during they face - off we only see the bride at a distance . just the bride be in the b.g. , back to we pack she trunk , about ready to make a clean getaway ... when ... yuki yell to the figure across the street . yuki ( japanese ) conigute wa ! we see the back - turn figure of the bride slightly freeze upon hearing the japanese greeting . without turn around she say ; the bride ( japanese ) conigute wa. ( pause ) yuki ? yuki ( english ) bingo ! thriller music begin on the soundtrack . the bride turn around to face the young avenger . the bride ( japanese ) can I help you ? yuki ( japanese ) you can kill yourself . yuki giggle . yuki ( japanese ) take a trip ? the bride ( japanese ) I be . yuki ( japanese ) you still be . one way . page 80 of 185 kill Bill the bride ( japanese ) I know you feel you must avenge you sister . but I beg you ... walk away . yuki giggle . yuki ( japanese ) you call that begging ? you can beg better than that . yuki giggle . then she take out a flashlight , and switch on the beam . yuki ( japanese ) can I see you face ? I have hear you beauty be exquisite . I would like to see for myself . the bride ( english ) sure . yuki shine the flashlight beam in the bride 's face . yuki ( japanese ) ohhhh , ... look how pretty you face be . oooohhh , ... I want to touch it . the bride domo . yuki ( japanese ) you face be so pretty , I just want to put both of my palm against you cheek and give you little tiny kiss . yuki then shine the flashlight up into she own face . yuki ( japanese ) how do I look ? the bride ( japanese ) very pretty . yuki ( japanese ) you be just say that ' cause I tell you how pretty you be . page 81 of 185 kill Bill the bride ( japanese ) yuki , you be gorgeous . yuki ( japanese ) really ? be that how you would describe I to somebody if I be not here ? yuki 's gorgeous ? the bride ( english ) you bet . yuki giggle . the bride ( japanese ) do not make I kill you . yuki ( english ) okay . yuki remove the Israel sub-machine gun from behind she back and fire a loud intense volume of firepower at the bride . the bride dive out of she way , just as she yellow pussy wagon be demolish by the ammo . the bride , with she samurai sword in she hand , and she backpack full of money , take off run across a couple of front lawn ... yuki chase she with machine gun fire ... the bride leap over a long hedge ... disappear behind it . yuki run after she , fire all the way , destroy the hedge ... the bride dart across the street , she hit the ground and roll under a volkswagen van . bullet FIRE explode all around the bride as she roll out on the other side . she remove she 9 mm automatic and return fire from behind the van . yuki yell to she in English ; yuki ( english ) you think you be safe ! I say ; ha ! she take out a hand grenade , remove the pin with she tooth , and slide it towards the bride . the bride see the live hand grenade skid and slide on the asphalt towards she ... she take off run ... as the volkswagen van explode behind her . page 82 of 185 kill Bill she cut through the backyard of a house -- the camera taking off with her -- over they fence , in the backyard over the fence into another yard . she trip , fall into the other house 's swim pool . instead of splash around , the bride swim like she be in the Olympic , till she 's in the shallow end . without break she stride , she run out of the pool . now with she gun out , the sopping wet bride get to the front of the house . it 's locate on a cul de sac . when ... yuki 's sport car pull up at the end of the street . both woman see the other . yuki hit the gas , fire she machine gun out the window of she car as she speed down the dead - end street . the bride , run across lawn and hide behind park car on the street , as the bullet rip up home , lawn , and automobile . when yuki 's car reach the end of the dead end , ... she jerk the wheel ... spinning the car around , point it in the opposite direction . she hit the gas again ... she pull the machine gun trigger again ... bullet tear up the car lining the street . in the hail of bullet , the bride try to fire back . yuki reach the end of the street and spin the car around . she get ready to make a third pass . some people in the house behind the bride , look out of they front door . the bride yell at they ; the bride stay in you house and stay down on the floor ! yuki speed after she , but this time she pop the curb and drive across the front lawn on the street head right for she . the bride run into the house she 's in front of . she run through the live room , to the kitchen and the back door , but the kitchen 's where the family that life here be hide and they block the door . yuki 's sport car pull up in front of the house . she stand up in the convertible . take out a grenade , pull the pin and say ; http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 83 of 185 , kill Bill yuki ( japanese ) time for the rabbit to come out of she hole ! she lob the grenade up on the porch , then throw herself face down on the lawn . the porch and the front of the house explode into splinter . everybody in the kitchen be blow back realizing there 's no get out of the back door , the bride run back into the live room that 's now miss a wall , and run up the home 's staircase lead to the bedroom . yuki step into the house , sub-machine gun in hand ... the bride make it to the top of the stair , and be just about to disappear behind the upstairs hallway wall ... when ... yuki fire up at she , hit she twice in the leg . the upstairs hallway , two bedroom doorway line both side of the hallway . the bride crash to the floor -- scream -- blood pour out of she gunshot . yuki charge up the stair ... machine gun blaze , tear up the house . the bride aim she 9 mm where she expect yuki to emerge . yuki get to the top of the stair , and step into the hallway . the bride fire ... the bride 's bullet wing yuki in the leave breast , knock she through a bedroom doorway . the bride ( to herself gotcha ! yuki scream like a little girl at the pain . she yell from the doorway into the hallway ; yuki ( japanese ) you fuck bitch ! you shot I in my breast ! they be not fully develop yet , you fuck asshole ! now I be always gonna have a dimple ! the bride answer yuki back with a imitation of yuki 's giggle , which make the youngin blow she top . yuki ( japanese ) piss I off ! she fire she machine gun around the corner , tear up http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 84 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be everything around the bride . when the young girl stop fire , the bride yell ; the bride ( japanese ) yuki , in about two minute there 's go to be a army of police here . so if you be gonna kill I , now 's the time . from she hide place , yuki snort a line of baby blue powder . it give she energy . the bride ( 0.s. , english ) so what 's it gonna be bitch ? slap a new clip in she machine gun . yuki ( japanese ) that fuck do it ! yuki come around the corner firing she machine gun in the bride 's direction , rip up everything around she . the bride lie flat on the floor fire she 'mm . the explosion of ammo create the hysteria of warfare combat . yuki charge the bride , kamakazi style . Three more bullet rip into the bride , the bride fire up at yuki , hit she three time in the body , knock she off she foot , and send she tumble down the stair . the bride shot up , pull herself to the top of the stair . she see yuki lie at the bottom , dead . yuki 's face , dead , eye close ... then they pop up open ... guess what ... she 's not dead . though she 's bloody and she schoolgirl uniform be fill with bullet hole she rise . her head turn in the direction of the bride ... the bride see this and can not believe it ... they lock eye ... .. yuki , who no longer have the machine gun , take out a deadly look knife and snap it open with a smile that build to a scream ... she charge up the step at the bride . the startle bride fire at she ... the 'mm 's empty ... yuki charge up the step , yell , knife raise high ... the bride , hurriedly remove the pistol she keep in she ankle holster . yuki chargin ... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 85 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be the bride cock back the hammer ... .. yuki charge , get closer ... the bride fire bullet hit yuki , stop she for a quarter of a second , but she keep charge ... the bride fire again ... yuki jerk but keep on charge ... bride fire ... yuki jerk , but keep charge ... bride fire ... yuki jerk , keep chargin , almost at she , knife raise high ... the bride fire yuki jerk , but keep charge , knife ready to do its duty ... the bride fire , but she gun jam ... yuki leap on she with the knife ... they struggle for a moment ... .. till ... ... the bride realize yuki 's dead . she toss she to the side . the bride goddamn , what a wildcat . int . nurse owen be home - night the phone ring and a black woman in a nurse 's uniform with a name tag on it that read , " B. owen , " answer the phone . nurse owen hello . cu the bride on she cell phone , a business card in she hand , with a number write on the back that say , " B. owen , " and she phone number . she 's bleed from she five bullet hole . sitting in a pool of she own blood . she 's start to tremble . we can not see where she 's at , but it 's somewhere surround by wood plank . the moon shine into the structure . the bride hello , I be call nurse owen -- http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 86 of 185 , kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be nurse owen who be this . the bride you do not know I , but -- nurse owen -- and I do not want to neither . now I do not know how you get my number but you can just rip that shit up , because -- the bride -- I have be shot five time -- nurse owen -- stop , I do not wanna hear no more . I get problem of my own . the bride I be die . nurse owen then bitch , you better call yourself a ambulance , cause I do not do this shit no more . the bride I can not call a ambulance . nurse owen - no , you can call a ambulance you just do not want to . but if you ass be really die , you be not get no motherfuckin choice . the bride I do have a choice , and I be choose to call you . if you refuse to help I , I will die . and that will be you choice . nurse owen bitch , I do not even know you ! page 87 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be the bride what do you need to know ? I be from Earth , I be a woman , I be die , and only you can help I . her last line have a effect on the hard - heart nurse . nurse owen okay , where you at ? the bride I be in hawthorne . I be hide in a kid treehouse . it 's a street call , " dimmick " . 1-7-3 -6 dimmick Avenue . there 's a bunch of police car and firetruck , about two block away . nurse owen whatcha do , crawl two block ? the bride if you can not walk , you better crawl . nurse owen like that last line . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm nurse owen you get you some money dontcha , or be I doin this out of the goodness of my heart ? the bride you come and get I , today 's pay day . nurse owen you be not too far away . you gonna bleed to death I get there ina half a hour ? the bride probably . nurse owen okay , I will be there in fifteen minute . page 88 of 185 , kill Bill the bride be that Pacific Standard time , or c.p.t .? nurse owen just you better be there when I get there , and you better be shot five time , and you bony ass better be on you last motherfuckin leg . the bride how do you know I have a bony ass ? nurse owen you sound like you have a bony ass . the nurse hang up the phone . int . treehouse - night the bride sit in she own blood wait for nurse owen . nurse owen ' head pop up from the door in the floor . the bride glad you make it . nurse owen there 's cop all over here , I have to be cool . they tend to notice thing like negroes sneaking around people 's backyard . the nurse hand the bride a big bottle of Wild Turkey . the bride what 's that ? nurse owen this shit 's gonna hurt , and I be not get no anesthetic . ( refer to the bottle ) so git busy . int . nurse owen' kitchen - night overhead shot the bride laid out on nurse owen ' kitchen table , while the nurse extract the bullet . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be page 89 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be the bride scream . the tv be turn up loud to hide the scream . the fifth slug be place in a ashtray next to three cigarette butt and other ball of lead . the bride , drunk as a skunk , say to she savior ; the bride that fuckin smart . smoke she menthol Kool , nurse owen say ; nurse owen yeah , bullet be bad news . in the future , you should avoid they if you can . the bride I will keep that in mind . so , do I have a future ? nurse owen you will live to kill again . the bride splendid . she pass out . fade to black , black frame title card : chapter six " can she bake a cherry pie . " ex cu slot in door be sly open revealing two male eye on the other side . doorman ( o.s. ) yes ? two eye ( 0.s. ) I hear you have a game ? doorman ( o.s. ) http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 90 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be who be you ? two eye ( 0.8 . they call I Bill . doorman ( o.s. ) Bill what ? bill ( 0.s. ) that , no one ever call I . a female voice from off screen say to the doorman ; female voice ( 0.s. ) open the door alburt , let 's see what this Bill look like . the door open revealing bill to the other side of the door and for the first time , to the audience . he look cool . int . HOTEL room - night Bill look inside and see a fancy hotel room convert into a crap game . a crap table have be erect in the middle of the suite . seven men stand around the table try they luck . all play have stop at the open of the door . one woman in a beautiful black dress , stand at the head of the table ... it 's she game she name be l.f. o'boyle . Bill stand in the doorway . alburt the doorman , who wear a tux , wait for l.f. 's word . l.f. o'boyle be you a policeman , Bill ? bill not anymore ? l.f. laugh . l.f. let he play , alburt . Bill step inside and the game continue in earnest . l.f . ( to the player ) we now return to the game already in progress . the point be nine http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 91 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be gentleman , nine be the point ... as alburt frisk he , Bill take in the room . there be five other man all wear black tuxedo , all carry samurai sword ( as be alburt ) , all work for miss o'boyle . in he hand Bill hold he sheathed hanzo sword . refer to the sword ; alburt I will take that . bill you will have to . the two man stare ... l.f. now now boy ... Mr. Bill , do you intend to start any shit with that sword ? bill I give you my word of honor , I will start nothing . l.f. good enough for I . ( back to game ) alburt miss o' boyle require a two-hundred dollar membership fee . bill that 's rather pricey . alburt you wanna play for free , go to Vegas . you start now you will be there by sundown . Bill take out a roll of bill that would choke a rodeo bull to death . he peel off two hundred . bill I think I will stay here . I be thirsty . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 92 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be alburt that way . Bill walk over to the suite 's bar , a young woman tend it . bill beer . bartender twenty dollar . bill twenty dollar for a beer ? bartender High cost of live shooter . you do not like it , go to Vegas . you can get a prime rib dinner there for 3.95 . bill what be I go to do , I be thirsty . ( throw a 20 on the bar pour the beer . the bartender produce a dixie cup , and a can of budweiser . she pop the top and fill the cup , leave half of the beer inside the can . she then offer only the cup to Bill . bill ( point to the can I do not get that ? the bartender slowly shake she head , no . he lift the dixie cup to he lip , and say ; bill cheer . Bill approach the table with he dixie cup of beer . l.f. gentlemen , let 's see if the new kid in school want to play right away ( to Bill ) how bout it new kid , you wanna handle my bone , or do you just like to watch ? drop he money roll on the table ... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 93 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be bill I come to play . Color l.f. impressed . l.f . boy take a look at this man , he 's what webster 's call , a gambler . the dice belong to you , sir . with she table stick , she push the dice to Bill . he take they and inspect they . l.f . I hope you be not imply anything , friend ? bill ( as he inspect dice I be not imply anything . alburt start to move from he position by the door . alburt that do it fuckhead , you be out the door -- l.f. motion he back to he position . the player watch l.f. and Bill , a opposite end of the table , trade quip . Bill look from the dice to l.f. bill you look I over when I stand in you doorway . I be look you over as I step up to you table . if I do not know , I do not throw . l.f . be you satisfied ? bill more or less . lf . I think we be get into a antagonistic relationship . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 94 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be bill oh , I be sorry , I think you be try to take my money , and I be try to take yours . l.f . it 's just a game . Bill throw ten thousand dollar on the table , the room react . bill if you be game , take my bet sportsman . cover . Bill smile as he roll the dice in he hand , then throw ...7 ... the room react ... l.f. smile and push the money and the dice back to Bill with she stick . he pick up he winning , toss they back on the table , and say bill shoot it all . the room react . cover . he hold the dice in he fist ... and throw ... l.f . the point be five , gentleman , five be the point . Bill throw ... ... more reaction ... more money ... bill shoot it all . cover . he shoot again , he win again ... l.f. move the money in front of he . Bill pick up the stack of moola ... l.f. stands behind she table , stick in she hand , eye on she opponent . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 95 of 185 , kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be in the midst of this silence , he beeper go off . his eye go to it . it read ; elle driver . he raise he eye from the beeper to l.f. , casually toss the green on the feel and say ; http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm bill shoot it all . l.f . pretty lucky tonight , huh ? bill play a game of luck long enough you be bound to meet some lucky people . lf . you know we have never be properly introduce , I be l.f. o'boyle . bill and I be not interested . l.f . no , you be rude . why so rude rude boy , I be only try to be friendly . bill I do not come here to make friend I come here to shoot a little crap . but then you boy over there hit I up for a two hundred dollar privilege to play fee -- l.f . -- that 's a membership fee , good for -- bill -- you and nobody else . you sell at the bar a half can of warm piss , at twenty buck a shot . how much do the six - pack cost you ? 5.60 , 5.65 ? you be greedy o'boyle . you be just too goddamn greedy . you know what I like to do when I meet greedy people ? take every fuckin thing page 96 of 185 , kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be they get . leave they with nothing . l.f . so that 's you game , you want to teach I a lesson ? bill I wanna burn you down . when I be through with you , you will not have a pot to piss , or a window to throw it out of . you will thumb a ride out of L.A. wear a barrel . l.f . I could always save myself this horrible fate by not take you bet . bill to be replace by a different fate . the embarrassing truth that you run a gutless game . I will not forget it . I be sure this gentleman will not forget it . I be sure they will tell people who will not forget it . and we will not come back . if we do not come back , you will not get we money . couple of week , you will not have a game . l.f . you get a big mouth , lucky boy . and the idea of take everything you have win away , and send you out the door with nothing but a red face , be so appeal to I , that I will take you bet . but ..... not with that dice . bill oooohhh , that 's .... l.f . the house 's perogative and you know it . she hold out she palm and two new pair of dice ( black ) be place in she hand by one of she bodyguard . she set the dice on the table , and move they in front of Bill with she stick . Bill look down at they . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 97 of 185 kill Bill l.f . maybe you would like to change you bet ? bill yes I would ..... shoot it all ..... against myself . his hand scoops the dice off the table . he catch the young lady by surprise . what ? bill do I stutter , I be change my bet I be betting I do not make it . from the door alburt say ; alburt you can not do that . bill oh yes I can . it 's the shooter 's perogative , and she know it . cover . he throw .... eee e eect eee eee boxcar . the spectator go apeshit . Bill scoops up he money and look to the lady who 's game he just bust . bill can I use you phone ? l.f . sure it 's next to the bed . int . bed area of HOTEL room Bill sit on the bed talk with elle Driver on the phone . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be page 98 of 185 kill Bill in the b.g. l.f. be throw everybody out . l.f. game 's over , get out ! get the fuck out ! no more tonight , go home .... bill ( into phone ) vernita 's dead ? when ? ( pause ) what about she family ? ( pause ) Nice to see kiddo have not go completely apeshit . no idea where she be ? ( pause ) okay that do it , we be go to Texas and talk sense into Budd before ( bleep ) make he number three . he look over and l.f. be sit on the floor of all the player have leave , only l.f. and she five tuxedo boy remain . bill we be go to have a talk about this later . ( pause ) well , I be not exactly among friend at the moment . ( pause ... he laugh I will keep that in mind , bye bye . he hang up . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm bill get a nose problem ? l.f . I say you could use my phone . I do not say I would not listen . bill this be true . l.f . you do not burn I down you know ? bill the bed . 08/10/03 11:20 be page 99 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be course not . first rule of any house , ya gotta have lucky guy come in and wipe the place out insurance . l.f . if there be not loser it would not be a game . stand up , fold he winning into he inside jacket pocket , look at l.f. and she boy , he say bill I sincerely hope you mean that . without another word he exit the hotel room . nobody make a move to stop he . l.f . o' boyle and she henchmen stand still as they wait for the sound of the elevator in the hall the bride 's Voice come on the soundtrack ; the bride ( v.o. ) what l.f. o' boyle do not know be , the real game be just beginning . Bill be on the job , and she be the target . now Bill be the great assassin of the 20th century . in fact the term hitman be coin for he . and he rarely perform actual assassination anymore . however every once in awhile - to keep he hand in - he do . only he play a game . he do not start big trouble ... he let they start it . if they do , they be dead . if they do not , not only will not he perform , he will take the hit off the market . it 's kind of fun watch people gamble when they do not know they be gambling , be not it ? they hear the elevator in the hall . l.f . o' boyle tell she man ; l.f . get my money back . do not kill he . chop off all he finger . alburt smile . the five man go out the door . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 100 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be int . hallway HOTEL the five tuxedo - clad bodyguard hit the hallway , only to see .... bill , with he hanzo sword unsheathed , stand at the end . this be not expect , they unsheath they sword . he charge at they . in the hotel 's hallway , Bill cut through the five man . his mastery of the hanzo sword in he hand be peerless . he cut through the first four rather quickly . the fifth one , alburt be the most skilled , but he too fall under the master 's blade . int . HOTEL room l.f . o' boyle hide in she room , hold a gun , point at the front door . she sit in bushwhack mode , wait for Bill , or anybody for that matter , to step through the doorway . when ... the window she back be up against shatter , and a black glove hand reach inside and grab she by she hair , and yank she out the window . ext . HOTEL window ledge - night Bill on the ledge of the hotel window ( the 26th floor ) outside l.f. o' boyle 's room . he 's yank she outside and he 's dangle she over the side by she hair . bill do you know a jessica ? l.f . be too hysterical to answer . bill well , she know you . he drop she ...... eee eee eee she fall .... eee ee ee ee ee eee eee eee she splat . Bill watch she all the way down . when he 's confident she fall be fatal , he leave the ledge . fade to black . black frame title card : hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 101 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be chapter seven " the lonely grave of Paula schultz " ext . budd be trailer - day a small camper trailer sit all by its lonesome in the middle of a barren Texas wasteland . a subtitle appear under this image ; " the city of Austin Texas . " a fist knock on the trailer door . it open , revealing Bill 's brother , budd . not the slick Willie Budd with the black suit and the silver - tip black cowboy boot we see earlier at the wedding chapel massacre . no , the Budd we see now be the Budd who climb into a bottle five year ago , get himself comfortable , and decide to live there . Bill , look like a cool million , stand out in the dirt and dust of Budd 's lot of land , look up at he brother in he natural habitat . in the b.g. we can see elle Driver loung in the passenger 's seat . Budd , surprised by the visitor , say ; budd great day in the morning . brother Bill livin up to he familia obligation . bill how ya doin 's Budd ? budd oh , you know my life , Bill , just a mad rush of wild party and wealthy woman . Budd squint into the sun at the woman in Bill 's ear . budd be that that tall blonde one - eye Viking bitch in the passenger seat ? bill it 's elle . want to say hello ? hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 102 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be budd never say " bye , think of a reason to say , " hi . " " can not seem to insert : int . - bill car elle inside , blast both the stereo and the air conditioner . she watch the brotherly scene play out through the car windshield . obviously there 's no love lose between elle and Budd . budd what would ya wanna talk about ? bill be you not go to invite I in ? budd bill May I ask why not ? budd it stink in there , that 's why . now what 's so important it require a reunion ? time CUT the estrange brother continue they conversation . Budd sit in the doorway of he trailer , bottle of jack in he hand . Bill stand . budd you tryin to tell I she cut she way through eighty - eight bodyguard " fore she get to o - ren ? bill no . there be not really eighty eight of they , they just call themselves the crazy 88 . budd why bill I dunno , I guess they think it sound cool . anyhow , she have about hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 103 of 185 kill Bill 26 or 27 around she when ( bleep attack . they all fall under she hanzo sword . the mention of a hattori hanzo sword get B budd she get 'er a hattori hanzo sword Bill nod he head , " yes . bill she have a hanzo jingi sword . budd he make she one ? do not he swear blood oath never to make another sword ? bill it would appear he 's break it . Budd do not say anything at first ... then ; budd they jap know how to carry a grudge do not they ? or be it just you tend to bring that out in people ? bill ( pause ) I know this be a ridiculous question before I ask , but you by any chance have not keep up with you swordplay ? budd Hell , I pawn that year ago . bill you pawn a hattori hanzo sword ? budd yep . the disrespect be pain . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be udd 's attention . 2 a page 104 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be bill it be priceless . budd not in El paso it be not . in El pso I get I 250 dollar for it . bill since it be a gift from I , why do not you offer I the chance to buy it back ? budd because that would have require I to acknowledge you existence . drunken bum though I may be , I do not need booze that bad . but who the hell give a crap anyway . that bitch be not gittin no bushido point for killin a white trash piece of shit like I with a samurai sword . I be a bouncer in a titty bar , Bill . if she want to fight I , all she gotta do be come down to the Club , start some shit , and we will be in a a fight . bill - Budd , you need to listen to I . I know we have not speak for quite some time , and the last time we speak be not the most pleasant . but you need to get over be mad at I , and start become afraid of Bea . because she be come , and she 's come to kill you . and unless you accept my assistance , I have no doubt she will succeed . Budd see Bill 's true concern for he welfare . Bill try to charm he brother . bill can not we forget the past , and look at the happy side of all this ? Budd chuckle . budd and what would that happy side be ? bill page 105 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be she 's bring " the boy " back together . Budd be touch by Bill 's concern and chuckle to himself . budd I appreciate the concern on you face , but there 's a difference " tween " the boy " , time can not erase . I do not dodge guilt . and I do not Jew outta payin my comeuppance . that woman deserve she revenge . and we deserve to die . but then again , so do she . so I guess we will just see now , will not we . ext . the my-oh-my-club - day the my-oh -my Club , be the sleazy titty bar that Budd work at . his job be tossin out the riff-raff that 's worse than he , out on they ear - minus a few of the tooth they have when they come in . his beat - to- shit pickup truck pull up to the front , and he climb out of the automobile . int . the my-oh-my-club - day Budd walk into the wood - panele titty bar . no strippin goin on yet , just a few barflies drinkin . the owner , ted , yell at he as he walk by . ted you be late , Budd , this shit be not school , ya know . Budd do not say anything , he just move towards the back pass by a stripper serve drink stripper hey , Budd . budd hey , lucky . another stripper walk out of the lady ' room and say to he ; stripper hey , Budd , honey , the toilet 's at it again . there 's shitty water all over the floor . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 106 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be budd I will take care of it , suzie pie . ext . the my-oh-my-club - night a brand new , enormous red pickup truck pull into the parking lot and stop . the bride sit behind the wheel , look at the bar and the bar 's front door . use the rearview as a mirror , she grab she long blonde hair and pull it back to a ponytail with a rubberband . then place a baseball cap on the top of she noggin that read , " stubb be bar b- q . " she step out of the truck 's cab . she 's dress like a little Texas two -stepper Levi 's , cowboy boot , and a " harley davidson : loud and proud " tee-shirt . int . the my-oh-my-club - night the bride walk into the club just as the band on stage explode into honky tonk guitar . she walk up to the bar and oder a ; the bride shiner . the bartender give she a beer bottle of shiner bock . as she drink the Texas brew ... she .... .. watch the band .... ... the crowd ... ... look for Budd among the crowd ... .. she see he .. .. he 's the bouncer ... .. she observe he .. . she 's sit on a stool , observe the crowd , move he head to the music ... shaw brother zoom into she eye ; vengeance theme play on the soundtrack . her hand remove she sog from its sheath . she move through the crowd of Texas two -stepper , sog in hand , towards Budd sit oblivious on he stool . when ... suddenly a big cowboy stand up from he table -- spilling every bottle and glass on it -- and barf all over . Budd curse to himself , and head over to the disaster area . the bride ... observe him ... clean up the puke . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 107 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be ext . TEXAS highway - night as the music from above continue , we see Budd drive he pickup on a empty highway home from work . he pass by the bride 's new red pussy wagon park on the side of the road . after he whizze by , she start up the motor , but do not turn the light on . she follow he , hang way back in the dark . Budd drive , not see the automobile cloak in darkness trail he . ext . budd trailer home - night Budd pull he pickup truck in front of he small camper home . he walk inside , shutting the door behind he . the bride roll to a stop ... o0 bserving the lonely trailer out of she windshield ... Texas tear - ass music begin come out of the camper .... we see he figure pass the camper window , once or twice . the bride choose she weapon -- hattori hanzo 's samurai sword . she do not say anything , nor will a actress of uma thurman 's caliber indicate she feeling , but the astute member of the audience will read the significance of she choice . his current status be damned , the Budd who owe the bride satisfaction be a warrior . and it 's that Budd she intend to send to he maker . she take a black stock cap , and slip it on top of she skull , tucking she blonde hair underneath ... then ... ... rub black make - up under both eye , on top of both eyelid , and down the bridge of she nose ... then ... disconnect the cab light above she , open the truck door and slip out unseen into the Austin Texas night air . then ... on she belly , hattori hanzo sword in sheath in hand , she crawl across the desert floor towards Budd 's trailer . then ... somewhere in the vast outdoors a cat jump on a rat . they fight make a loud racket . the bride stop and bury she face in the dirt . from inside the trailer , we hear the needle be lift off the phonograph . from a distance we see : the shadowy figure of Budd look out the window of the camper . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 108 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be the bride keep she face in the dirt . the figure of Budd at the window , seem to dismiss the sound he hear for what it be -- a rat meeting its end at the claw of a cat . the curtain close again . the needle be place back on the phonograph . cu the bride face in the dirt ... one Mississippi ... two Mississippi ... she eye look up towards the trailer ... all 's clear ... she begin crawl towards the trailer again . ... she 's now right outside the trailer home ... we can hear the sound of Budd sit in a chair rock back and forth . she hear the sound of a screw top unscrewe ... the sound of pour in a glass ... the sound of a glass be laid heavy on a table . crouched low on the ball of she foot , she , with great care slowly and silently unsheathes she hanzo sword . through the bottom slit in the door , she see the distort image of Budd 's foot on the floor . she slowly rise ... remove she black stock cap ... blonde hair fall around she shoulder ... sword in right hand ... leave hand grab the front doorknob ... quick as a Texas lizard on glass -- she bring the sword 's handle down hard on the door lock -- ex cu cheap lock bust . she fling the front door open ... the bride's Pov : brother Budd sit calmly in a rock chair , move back and forth to the Texas twang on he turntable , cradling a double - barrel shotgun aim right at the bride . sergio leone cu : the bride blink . both barrel blast in we face . the bride stand in the doorway be hit smack DAB in the chest , and propelled through the AIR backward . landing hard on she back in the dirt . Budd casually rise from he rock chair and lift the needle off the phonograph , cut off the music . then with shotgun in hand , stand in the doorway of the trailer look down at the bride . budd be Pov : the bride laid out in the dirt below he -- sword separate from she grasp -- bloody mess down she front -- groan from she throat . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 109 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be Budd step down from the trailer onto the dirt , stand over the bride . budd Bet you sweet ass that do not sting like a bitch . more groan come out of the blood splatter bride . budd you do get a double dose of rock salt , right in the ole tit . now not havin tit as fine or as big as yours , I can not even imagine how bad that shit sting ... he lower down on he hauncher , over she . budd .».- but I do not wont to neather . the bride , hurt and incapacitate from the shotgun blast still nevertheless defiant , spit a gob of bloody saliva , right in ole Budd 's face . Budd , gob of spit run down on he cheek and nose . the cowboy remove a red bandana from he back pocket , and wipe away the goo . then he eyeball go down to the spitter budd now I know when it come to a rock salt burn , you be feelin pretty much like a expert bout now . but truth be tell , you be not feel all rock salt 's get to offer till you take a double dose in you backside . with the help of he cowboy boot he roll the bride over onto she stomach , expose she butt . snapping the barrel close , he take aim and fire both barrel -- execution style -- right into she keister . the bride do the one thing she have yet to do with any opponent during the movie up till now . her head rear back and she let out a scream ! budd that gentle ya down , do not it ? yep ... be not nobody a badass with two barrel of rock salt dig deep in they backyard . then ... almost mercifully , the man once know as " sidewinder , " stick http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 110 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be a syringe in she arm , drop she unconscious then ... knock down a swig of Jack Daniels , he remove a small silver cell phone from he pants pocket , raise the antenna and press one button on the panel int . elle driver be gym - night the six - foot tall , long -haire blonde with the codename " California Mountain snake , " be do a savage box workout with she coach . this be one white bitch who can kick some serious fuckin ass . with one mighty blow from she huge right arm ( synched to the sound of a car crash ) , she box coach busy the farm . elle on cell phone . we cut back and forth . elle Bill ? budd wrong brother , you hateful bitch . elle . + '' Budd ? budd bingo . elle and what do I owe this dubious pleasure ? budd I just catch I the cowgirl , be not never be catch . this get elle 's attention . elle do you mean what I think you mean ? budd if you think I mean I get ‘er , you think right . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 111 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be elle do you kill she ? budd not yet I be not . but I can sure do it easy enough . she 's so gentle right now , I could preform she coup de grace with a rock . elle what be you wait for , run outta liquid courage . budd no . it 's just ... I be not kill nobody in a long goddamn time . and just ' tween you , I , and Jesus Christ , kinda make I a promise I be not gonna . be that however it be . back when I do kill people ... I get pay for it . just do not seem right ... turn amateur this time of life . we stay on elle 's side for the follow exchange . budd ( 0.s. ) anywho , guess what I be holdin in my hand right now . we cut back to Budd 's side . and what he 's hold be the bride 's hattori hanzo sword . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm budd a brand spankin new hattori hanzo sword . and I be here to tell ya elle , that 's what I call sharp . elle how much ? budd oh , that 's hard to say . seein it 's priceless and all . elle I will give you a hundred thousand dollar for it . page 112 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be budd I be sure you would . but I will take , one million . elle jeez Budd , who would ever guess you be such a capitalist . I think drunk like yourself be beyond such monetary concern ? budd well elle , a million dollar busy a whole lotta Jack . elle why then be you sell it to a hateful bitch like I , when you know Bill would pay more ? budd if I be gonna drink myself to death , ... it will not be on Bill 's dollar . it 's gonna be on yours . elle what 's the term ? budd you buy a ticket to Texas , and I will see you here tomorrow mornin . you give I a million in foldin cash , I will give you the great sword ever make by a man . how 's that sound ? elle sound like we get a deal . one condition . budd what ? elle you kill she tonight . ( pause ) and one more thing . budd page 113 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be you say one condition . elle it 's a caveat to the same condition . budd what ? elle she must suffer to she last breath . budd that elle darlin , I can pretty damwell guarantee . elle then I will see you in the morning millionaire . CUT to : overhead shot - ext . cemetery - night we look down on a spooky Texas graveyard ... tombstone ... grave ... dirt ... low - hang fog . this could be the open shot of a Texas zombie movie . we also see two men with shovel ( one which be Budd , the other which be ernie ) digging up a grave . Budd 's beat- to- shit pickup be in the shot too . its headlight beam shine on the two man . and last but not least , the bride , bound and gag , lie in the flatbe of Budd 's pickup . the bride she begin to come to from the shot in she arm . some dry blood lie cake around she wound . rope bind she wrist tightly together in front of she . a big leather cowboy belt be wrap tight around she cherry brown cowboy boot . her eyelid flutter open ... and she see star . a giant , black Texas night sky full of they . she have no idea where she be . she turn she head to the leave and see back window and cab of truck . she turn she head to the right and see hatch Gate to flatbe . she listen ... she hear cricket ... the sound of two Men digging ... one of the Men say http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 114 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be something to the other in Spanish ... then ... she hear one of the shovel hit something bury ... the two Men speak to each other in unsubtitle Spanish ... then ... we hear they lift something heavy , we might assume be a coffin . the bride however know not what to think . boom ... they set it down . she hear boot approach the flatbe , the crunching of leave lead in she direction ... till ... with a clang and a scrape the latch on the Gate of the flatbe be yanked out , and it lower open with a crash . revealing Budd , look down on she . budd wakey wakey , egg and bakey . the grab she by she collar , and yank she out of the truck . she fall to the dirt hard . once in the dirt , the bride see a Old coffin that 's be dup up . next to it be a brand new pine box coffin , straight out of '' fistful of dollar . " and a freshly dig grave , with a pile of dirt next to it , in front of a old tombstone that read ; " paula schultz . " Budd and Ernie stand over she . the bride just glare up at the two tormentor , with the only weapon she have leave , the contempt in she stare . Budd turn to Ernie and say in spanish , subtitle in English ; budd ( spanish ) look at that eye . this bitch be furious . you grab she foot , I will get she head . ( english ) get anything to say ? the bride know how this fiend derive satisfaction , and she will not give it to they . budd ( spanish ) in America white woman call this the silent treatment . ( laugh ) and we let them think , we do not like http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 115 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be it . the two fiend laugh , then bend down to lift the bride and carry she over to the pine box . she struggle with she bound leg and arm ... both man drop she to the ground . Budd whip out a can of mace from he pocket . budd hey hey hey , wiggle worm , look at this . he hold the can of mace spray by she eye . she stop . her eye go to the nozzle of the spray can , then to Budd . budd looky here bitch , this be a can of mace . now you be goin underground tonight , and that 's all there be to it . but , when I bury ya , I be gonna bury you with this . he remove a flashlight from behind he back and turn on the beam . budd but if you be gonna act like a horse 's ass , I will spray this whole goddamn can in you eyeball . then you will be blind , burnin , and bury alive . so what 's it gonna be sister ? her eye move to the right , indicate the flashlight . budd you may be stupid , but at least you be not bloody stupid . the two man lift up the bride , and carry she over to the pine box and place she in . Budd put the flashlight inside . he pick up the pine lid , and be just about to place it over the coffin ... when ... ... he lock eyeball with the bride ... ... she eye hold he for as long as she can , then ... ..- he place the lid over she face , close the coffin . then ... ... with a hammer and nail the two man seal the coffin shut . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 116 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be int . pine BOX Dark , excerpt for the crack of light seeping through between the lid and the box . however with each nail pound in , more light be cut off ... till ... ... the only light leave , be the crack by the bride 's head . the last hammer nail obliterate that light source . the bride lie in total darkness . ext . cemetery - night the two man lift the pine box , and set it in the grave . Budd scoops up a shovel full of dirt ... int . pine BOX ex cu her finger turn on the flashlight . cu the bride lit by the flashlight beam .. bam ... ..a shovel of dirt have just land hard on the lid , make the bride jump ... bam ... ... more dirt . she react again . bam ... the dirt just keep fall , the bam become softer with each new shovelful . the bride be start to perspire ... she breathe become more rapid and panicked ... she heartbeat begin to echo inside the pine box . we have never see she like this before . she 's start to lose it ... she let out a scream ... she scream again ... her bound - at- the-wrist hand move to the lid ... she pound on it ... her bound foot kick up at it ... she start to cry ... she 's get hysterical ... her finger begin claw at the wood lid ... till ... they be rip open and bleed ... leave blood trails on the wood . till ... she exhaust herself . all this while , she 's be scream http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 117 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be the word we can not even imagine come out of she mouth ; the bride help I . the bride halt she hysteria . she wipe she eye , and run she hand down she face , mentally send the little girl she become , back to wherever she come from . the woman we know as the bride be back . she talk to herself . the bride well , now that you have have a nice , good cry , let 's figure out how to get out of here ? you be breathe like you just be fuckin . calm down ... close you mouth , and start breathe short breath , through you nose . she do . the bride continue in vo ; the bride ( v.o. ) that 's a lot better . but you be still too agitate . can you hear you heart ? it 's like I be bury alive with buddy Rich . turn off that flashlight . fear come into she voice as she combat herself . the bride ( v.o. ) no ! I can not turn off the light . yes you can . the darkness will have a calming effect . now turn off that fuck light . she do . the screen go jet Black ext . cemetery - night Budd and Ernie be finish fill the grave . the old coffin , with the body of Paula schultz , in the back of the flatbe . before they climb into the truck and drive away Budd lay a dozen red rose on the bride 's grave . int . budd trailer ( moving ) - night Budd behind the wheel . Ernie in the passenger 's seat . car radio play mexican music . Budd 's silver cell phone ring . budd http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 118 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be ( into phone ) yellow ? int . airplane ( flying ) - night elle Driver sit in a seat on a passenger jet enroute to the great state of Texas . she call Budd on the airplane phone . elle didja do it ? budd elle darlin , she 's sufferin as we speak . a smile spread across elle 's face . she rest she head back against the seat 's headrest . her eyelid close . she slightly part she lip ... and let out a ; '' ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh " this be the face of satisfaction . fade to black . black frame title appear : chapter eight " the cruel tutelage of pai mei " fade up on ext . mountain range - china - day we see a beautiful mountain range in the middle of China . a subtitle appear underneath : '' smack DAB in the middle of china " a voice over spoken by bill , tell we a story over this landscape ; bill ( v.0 . ) once upon a time in China , some believe around the year , one - double knot - three . as Bill tell this story , it will be illustrate on screen by footage from Old Shaw Brothers martial art flick of the 70' . especially film that feature chinese actor lo lieh as the old , white -haire , white - eyebrow villian " pai mei . " http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 119 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be bill ( v.0 . ; cont 'd ) ...head priest of the White Lotus clan , pai mei , be walk down the road , contemplate whatever a man with pai mei 's infinite power would contemplate -- which be another way of say , who know . when , a shaolin monk appear on the road travel in the opposite direction . as the monk and the priest cross path ... pai mei -- in a practically unfathomable display of generosity , give the monk the slight of nod . the nod , be not return . be it the intention of the shaolin monk to insult pai mei ? or , do he just fail to see the generous social gesture ? the motive of the monk , remain , unknown . what be know , be the consequence . the next morning pai mei appear at the shaolin Temple , and demand that the temple 's head abbot offer pai mei he neck , to repay the insult . the abbot , at first , try to console pai mei , only to find , pai mei be inconsolable . so begin , the massacre of the shaolin Temple , and all sixty of the monk inside , at the fist of the White Lotus . and so begin , the legend of pai mei 's ten-point Palm - explode heart technique . the bride ( v.o. ) what praytell , be a ten-point palm - explode heart technique ? bill ( v.0o . ) quite simply , the deadly blow in all of the martial art . he hit you with he fingertip , at ten different pressure point on you body . and then , he let you walk away . but once you have take five step , you heart explode inside you body , and you fall to the floor dead . we see on screen pai mei demonstrate this technique on five shaolin monk . who after be hit ... take five step ... then fall to the floor dead . ( moving ) - day Bill and the bride , year earlier , drive in a jeep through page 120 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be the mountain of China , enroute to pai mei 's the bride do he teach you that ? bill no . he teach no one the ten-point palm - explode heart technique . but he be nietzsche 's psalm personify . if pai mei do not kill you , he will make you stronger . now one of the thing I always like about you , kiddo , be you appear wise beyond you year . then allow I to impart , a word to the wise . whatever - what - ever - pai mei say , obey . if you flash he - even for a instant - a defiant eye , he will pluck it out . and if you throw any american sass he way , he will snap you back and you neck like they be twig , and that will be the story of you . ext . the white lotus temple - day the bride sit in the jeep , by herself , park in front of the Priest pai mei 's home locate high up on top of White Lotus Mountain . for over 100 year , he home use to be the temple of the White Lotus clan , and he be the temple 's head priest . the temple serve as a home to over 60 priest and disciple . but now - the year 1990 - the White Lotus clan be no more . all the priest have die . all that remain , be a very old man who once upon a time , some worshipped as a god and some fear as a devil ... neither be wrong . a huge stone staircase of one hundred step climb up a hill lead to pei mei 's home . Bill climb down to the jeep . bill he will accept you as he student . the bride caught he in a good mood , aye ? bill more like a sadistic one . she climb out , and get she bag out of the back Bill cast a glance at the stone step he just decend . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 121 of 185 kill Bill zoom ... bill just see that step again make I ache . you be gonna have plenty of fun carry bucket of water up and down that fucker . the bride why do he accept I ? bill because he 's a very very very old man . and like all rotten bastard , when they get old , they become lonely . not that that have any effect on they disposition . but they do learn the value of company . the bride when will I see you again ? bill that 's the title of my favorite soul song of the seventy . the bride what ? bill nothing . when he tell I you be do . the bride when do you think that might be ? bill that my dearest , all depend on you . now remember , no backtalk , no sarcasm . least not for the first year you be go to have to let he warm up for you . he hate Caucasians , despise Americans , and have nothing but contempt for woman , so in you case , that may take a little while . adios . the jeep speed off down the road ... leave the alone , http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm somewhere in the middle of China . bride all 08/10/03 11:20 be page 122 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be she begin the journey before she by ascend the 100 step to pai mei . int . the white lotus temple the huge temple be exactly like it must have be a hundred year ago , except now it 's empty and dusty . the bride enter , she 's wind from climb up that fuckin step . the bride ( yell ) hello ! her Voice echoes in the cavernous temple . pai mei 's voice echoes back ; pai mei' voice ( 0.s. ) up the stair , yankee woman ! a beautiful ( but dusty ) mahagony staircase lead to pai mei 's private chamber . the bride ( to herself ) more stair , Jesus Christ . the still unseen man 's voice boom back ; pai mei' voice ( 0.s. ) if it be Christ you seek , turn back now . she climb the wooden staircase . int . pai mei' private chamber pai mei' Pov : we see through pei mei 's pupil , through a sheer scarlet scrim that hang down in front of he sit area . the bride enter the room . she approach the old man , reach the edge of he sit area in front of the scrim , lower to one knee and bow she head . * from here on end , whenever english be speak by the bride , or every once in awhile by pai mei , it will be speak in english in live synch SOUND . however , whenever mandarin be supposedly speak , it come out of they mouth as dubbed english like in a 70 's Shaw Brothers chop socky flick . the bride * hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 123 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be teacher , I be unworthy to be you student -- pai mei be still unseen . pai mei be voice * you mandarin be lousy . I can not understand a single word you say . it cause my ear discomfort . you be not to speak unless speak to . do you understand mandarin any better than you speak it ? the bride * I speak japanese very well -- pai mei' voice * I do not ask if you speak japanese , or mongolian , for that matter . I ask if you understand mandarin ? the bride * a little , I be still learn . pai mei' voice * you be here to learn the mystery of kung fu , not linguistics . if you can not understand I , I will communicate with you like I would a dog . when I yell , when I point when I beat you with my stick ! her head remain bow , eye to the floor . we CUT to pai met he 's just like he be in the film earlier . Long White Hair Long White beard , Long White eyebrow , same long flow White robe . everything 's the same , except he 's older , by about a hundred year . he sit stone still in he sit area on the other side of the sheer scarlet scrim . pai mei * Bill be you master , be he not ? the bride * yes , he be . pai mei * you master tell I you be not entirely unschool . what training do you possess ? hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 124 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be the bride * I be proficient in a combination of Tiger and crane style . and I be more than proficient in the exquisite art of the samurai sword . pai mei * ( he make a snorting SOUND ) the exquisite art of the samurai sword , do not make I laugh . you so call exquisite art , be only fit for japanese fat head . you really be a silly ass . this bring up the bride 's eye ... she glare at the old man . pai mei * impudent dog ! you dare glare at I ! she lower she eye . pause ... then ... the bride * I be sorry master -- pai mei * -- silence ! I do not wish to hear you unintelligible excuse . pai mei softly laugh to himself , and stroke he long white beard ... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm pai mei * you anger amuse I . do you believe you be my match ? the bride * no. pai mei * be you aware I kill at will ? the bride * yes . page 125 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be pai mei * be it you wish to die ? the bride * pai mei * then you must be stupid . rise stupid , and let I get a better look at you ridiculous face . she rise . cu the bride through the scrim , eye down . pai mei laugh to himself again ; pai mei * you breathe hard . the one hundred step rob you of you wind . so you stupidity be match only by you weakness . be there anything you do well ? -- oh yes , you speak japanese . I despise the goddamn jap . I would of think a american would be immune to they pompous posture . apparently I be wrong . go to that drawer . the blonde woman go to a large wooden drawer . she open the drawer ; it 's fill with just about every type of edge weapon . pai mei * remove the sword . the bride remove a large heavy steel chinese sword . pai mei rise from he sit position , for the first time , part the scrim , and approach the bride . pai mei * let 's see how good you really be . try and land a blow . if you land a single blow , I will bow down and call you master . the bride do not need a second invitation , she attack with the sword . he deftly move out of the way . the fight style be now like a old Shaw Brothers film , with pai mei dodging at will all of she rapid sword slashes . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 126 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be Quick and skillful as she move be , they be also full of effort and frustration . while pai mei effortlessly move out of the sword 's path . he 's amused , and speak while they fight ; pai mei * come now woman , can not you even hit a old man ? she try more ... pai mei * you ability really be quite poor . he strike she with a blow to she chest , deliver with a open palm , that send she fly back hard against the wall . she clutches she chest , and cough up some blood . pai mei laugh as he stroke he long white beard . pai mei * ha ha ha ha ha ! I have fight cripple who pose more of a challenge . now fight , goddamn you ! she attack with a wild cat 's fury . he hop and duck and dodge she sword easily . he leap high up in the AIR , and land stand on the blade of she sword . the bride look down the blade of she sword and can not believe it . pai mei smile at she and say ; pai mei * from here you can get a excellent view of my foot . he do a backflip off the sword , kick the bride in the face in mid-somersault send she crashing through a wood wall . the bride emerge from the hole in the wall . pai mei stand wait for she , twirling the sword in he hand like a cheerleader twirling a baton , till the twirling stop . the sword 's handle be point towards the bride . pai mei * give up ? or care to try again ? the bride's face show determination . not to win , not even to land a blow , page 127 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be that she know be impossible . this man 's ability be truly amazing . however be that as it may , she 's determine not to quit , and through not quit , she 's determine to distinguish herself in he eye ... in some way . she take the sword from he and try again . but this time , pai mei keep grab she arm that hold the sword , manipulate it into position that would do the young girl harm ... like bring the blade up against she other arm ... poise to cut it off . pai mei * that blade 's sharp . careful not to cut off you own arm . ... then he twist she arm , till the blade 's against she own throat .... ... then twist again till it 's against she hip ... .». then twist again while kicking she leg , till the blade 's edge be against she thigh ... pai mei * if you can not fight any better than that , what use do you have for a leg ? he let go of she arm , she swing furiously at he ... ... he calmly spin out of the way . then , he kick she in the stomach , double she over , then he bring the sword between she leg , blade Edge against she crotch . pai mei * now that really would be a shame . he take the sword from she grasp ... swing once ... the blade 's against she jugular . he swing twice ... the blade 's against the pocket of she throat . he swing a third time ... the blade 's against the nipple of she right breast . pai mei * you swordsmanship be amateur at best . he toss the sword in the air , catch it by the tip of the blade . then like a mallet , bring the handle end down hard on the top of the bride 's head . she let out a howl , and fall hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 128 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be to the floor , hold the lump on she noggin . pai mei * I be a hundred and fifty year old , and you can not even make I break a sweat . he chop the sword in half with he hand . pai mei * let 's see you Tiger and crane style match my eagle 's claw . again she attack ... again he elude . like a Gordon Liu and lo lieh film , they do they animal style martial art dance . as she strike and he block ... he yell out ; pai mei * ..pathetic ..... terrible ... you idiot , you should have land that blow ... you call that crane ?... enough , I grow bored . with little effort on he part , he reach out and grab she wrist , twist ... she 's on the floor , with she arm stick out in the air behind she , she wrist still between he finger . he could literally break she arm in half pai mei * I ask you to show I what you know , and you do . not a goddamn thing . he twist she wrist ... ... the pain be excruciate ..... pai mei * like all yankee woman , the only thing you know how to do be order in restaurant and spend a man 's money . he twist more ... she cry out . pai mei * excruciate be not it ? I ask you a question ! through gritt tooth , she answer hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 129 of 185 kill Bill he raise the bride http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be the bride * yes ! pai mei * I could chop off you arm at will . I think I shall . he other hand to chop off she arm . scream in english ; the bride no please do not ! pai mei * if you wish to speak romantic language , you have come to the wrong place . the bride * please do not cut my arm off ! pai mei * it 's my arm now . I can do with it what I please . if you can stop I , I suggest you try . the bride * I can not ! pai mei * because you be helpless ? the bride * yes ! pai mei * have you ever feel this before ? the bride * pai mei * compare to I you be as helpless page 130 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be as a worm fight a eagle , be not you ? the bride * yes !!! pai mei * that's the begging ! he let go of she wrist . she cradle she still - throbbing arm . pai mei * be it you wish to learn how to make other as helpless as you be ? the bride * pai mei * can you cook ? the bride * yes . pai mei * I will be the judge of that . ( pause ) draw I a bath ... you training will begin tomorrow . that arm be still mine . you may lose it yet . time CUT ext . white lotus temple - day pai mei stand in front of a wood wall three inch in front of he , his right fist be cocked back by he breastplate , he 's concentrate on a certain spot on the wall . the bride stand behind he , watch . he let out a scream , and put he fist through the wall . he turn to the new student ; pai mei * since you arm now belong to I , I want it strong . can you do that ? hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 131 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be the bride * I can , but not that close . pai mei * then you can not do it . the bride * I can put my hand through that at six inch . pai mei * and you could shoot a man froma rooftop with a scope-sight rifle , if you so desire , but this be not what I ask . what if you enemy be three inch in front of you , what do you do then ? curl into a ball ? or do you put you fist through he . he hit the wall again leave another hole . pai mei * now begin . the bride take she place in front of the wall . she hit it . only manage to stain the wall with the blood from she scrape knuckle . then again . and again .... int . dinner table - night both pai mei and the bride sit at the dinner table . pai mei concentrate on eat . the bride 's hand be scrape bloody . she try to eat a bowl of rice with chopstick , but she finger will not work . she put down the stick and take a scoop of rice with she finger . pai mei whack she on top of she head with he stick . pai mei * if you want to eat like a dog , I will make you live and sleep like a dog . outside . if you want to live and sleep like a human be , pick up that stick . she do . the wood wall the bride hitting it . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 132 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be she look at she fuck - up hand , then to the wall , hesitate .... then pai mei 's behind she . pai mei * it 's the wood that should fear you hand , not the other way around . no wonder you can not do it , you acquiesce to defeat before you even begin . he walk off in a huff . ext . pit - day pai mei and the bride stand at the edge of a large , round deep pit , dig in the earth ( by the bride ) . pai mei * in that pit , be a rat . we see one lone rat in the huge pit . pai mei * in the sky , be a bird . pai mei bring a golden bow and arrow into Frame , and shoot up in the sky . a bird fall to the earth with a golden arrow stick through it . pai mei * you be to go into that pit , and catch that rat , with you bare hand . if you catch the rat , I will deem you the victor , and tonight you will dine on bird . but , if you can not catch the rat by sundown , I will deem the victor the rat . and because of the disgrace to my student , I will be force to kill it . and then I will force you , to consume he body . because to be my student , you must develop a taste for victory . she hop into the pit , get down on the ground , lock eye with she rodent opponent , and go after it . the bride practice she Tiger / crane combo kung fu. more wall .... at night punch the wall in front of she in she sleep . try to catch the rat to no avail . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 133 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be when ... a golden arrow kill the rat . she look up and see pai mei , golden bow in he hand , look down on she . it 's sundown . she stand , dusting herself off ( she 's dirty from the chase and look at she teacher . she pick she dead foe up from the earth , and remove the golden arrow . then with the rat in she hand , she look up to she teacher . the bride * I acknowledge defeat at the paw of this rat . however , I will not eat this filthy vermin . what I will do . ( she rip the rat open like a pomegranate ... be consume he victorious heart ( she snatch the tiny heart from the rodent 's carcass . holding it between she finger . ) but tomorrow , you kill a big bird . she pop the tiny rat heart in she mouth , and begin to chew . pai mei look down on she , say ; pai mei * how do victory taste ? the bride * bitter . we do a Shaw Brothers zoom into a cu on pai mei , he give a affirmative nod and grunt . the bride's fist go through the wall . the bride ( to herself ) wow ! int . pai mei' private bathroom - day pai mei splash by himself in he huge bathtub , when he hear a noise . pai mei * woman , be that you who disturb my http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 134 of 185 kill Bill meditation ? she answer from outside the door ; the bride's voice ( 0.s. ) yes , teacher . pai mei * enter . she do , bow to one knee . pai mei * what news do you find so worthy , as to disrupt my bath ? the bride * I do it teacher . I put my fist through the wall . pai mei and the bride look at the hole in the wall . pai mei * very good . would you care to demonstrate ? she move in front of the wall ..... take she position ... her right hand in a fist -- lock and load into position .... with her leave hand she reach out and touch the wall where she will strike .... like she 's transfer she energy into the wood she remove she leave hand and she hit it hard , but she fist do not go through . her eye sneak a look at the old man , who wear no expression . the bride * I think you watch be make I nervous . pai mei * not only that , it have you speak before you be speak to . try again . she do . and when she do , she doe it . cu pai met http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm strike ! 08/10/03 11:20 be page 135 of 185 08/10/03 11:20 be he say in english ; pai meti impressive . she immediately go down to she knee ; the bride * thank you teacher -- he just as immediately , lift she back up . pai mei * you still fight better than you speak . finally , a woman who understand what 's important . then ... he move the wall one inch in front of she . pai mei * begin again . then the old man leave to finish he bath . the blonde gal begin again .... fist against wood ... no effect .... start all over . CUT to : back to coffin , six feet under pitch black -- the flashlight beam turn on . cu the bride in profile . her breathe be normal . we can hear the soft beat of she heart inside the pine box . her composure be back take the flashlight , she shine the beam on the lid above she .... along the line of the coffin 's rim and the lid where many nail meet .... then down to she Red cowboy boot , bound by a leather belt around she . raising she knee , as much as the coffin will allow , and wiggling she foot , she slip she bare foot we of the boot and the belt 's bind ... then , use she bare foot , then she bound - at- the-wrist hand , to pass one of the boot up to she ... when the red boot be in she grasp , she turn it upside down .... the straight razor fall out . open the razor , she slice through the rope that tie she wrist , till both hand be free . she position the flashlight so its beam shine on the coffin lid . the lid 's about a inch and a half from the tip of she nose , about three inch from she hand . then ... hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 136 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be as combat drum begin to beat on the soundtrack , she begin to concentrate . her eye focus on the wood above she , she leave hand reach out , touch the pine , pass she energy to it ... ... her long , white finger , ball up into a fist .... .».. and that fist begin striking the coffin lid above she . with each Strike she let out a karate scream ... again ... and again ... her fist smashes into the wood , leave blood on the lid ... again ... and again ... a crack in the lid ... again ... dirt begin to sift through the crack onto the bride . again ... more dirt again ... even more dirt . again ... the lid smashes and dirt pour into the coffin like water . then ... through six foot of dirt , we watch , the bride - dig - climb - swim - sprout - burrow - trough the earth like a sprout plant and a burrow mole combine , claw for surface air . ext . paula schultz's grave - night a shot straight out of a italian horror film . we see the tombstone of " paula schultz , " and the mound of dirt over she grave . when ... the bride 's hand break the surface ... then like one of fulci 's Zomby , claw , dig , and pull herself from mother earth 's womb . once extract from she ( almost ) final rest place , she roll over on she back , exhaust . she drink in the night 's air as if it be gulp of water . dirt be in , on , and under every crack , crevice , and wrinkle on she body . she look like a beautiful sculpture , make out of dirt . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 137 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be int . diner - night a Texas diner across the street from the graveyard . a young soda jerk stand behind the counter , wait for a customer when he see something approach through the restaurant 's big picture window that make he look twice . soda jerk Pov : through the picture window , we see the bride , emerge from the Texas night , and walk towards the diner look for all the world like a six - foot tall female version of the peanut character " pig pen . " with each of she footfalls , a smaller mushroom cloud of dust come off she . the dirty blonde , walk into the diner , sit on a stool at the counter directly across from the soda jerk , and say ; the bride I would like a glass of water . fade to black . black frame title card : chapter nine " elle and I " CUT to : cu elle driver behind the wheel of a hot black and gold tran be , drive full out on top of the desert 's surface . Spanish rock come out of she powerful speaker . ext . desert budd be camper - day the car stop in front of Budd 's camper . she shut off the car and the radio . the camper door open , Budd squint outside through the bright gold , hot desert morning , at the tall blonde girl with one good Eye . budd want some breakfast ? int . budd camper' kitchen - day Budd and elle in the tiny kitchen of Budd 's tiny camper . elle sit a the kitchen table , a black suitcase by she foot . Budd stand at a blender make they both breakfast margaritas , as hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 138 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be he finish tell the tale of last night . elle ... so that 's call a Texas funeral ? budd yep . elle I get to give it to ya Budd , a pretty fuck up way what 's the name on the bury under ? budd Paula schultz . Budd turn on the noisy blender , that 's to die . grave she 's as elle write down the name Paula schultz on a small notepad , place it back inside she pocket . t.v . in the front room . elle as the blender mash ice , the bride 's hanzo sword in its sheath , Budd shut the blender off . elle look around and see lean up against the can I look at the sword ? budd that 's my money in that black case , be not it ? elle sure be . budd well then , the tall blonde girl step into hanzo sword , and sit back down she slowly remove the japanese elle so this , be a hattori Budd answer as he fill up two with breakfast margaritas http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm it 's you sword now . the live room , take the on the kitchen chair . steel from its wood sheath . hanzo sword . former peanut butter jar page 139 of 185 kill Bill pause . 08/10/03 11:20 be budd that 's a hanzo sword alright . elle Bill tell I you once have one of you own . budd once . elle how do this one compare to that one ? budd if you be gonna compare a hanzo sword , you compare it to every sword ever make -- be not make by hattori hanzo . here , wrap you lip around this . he hand she she margarita , she take a sip . he take a gulp . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm budd so , which " R " you fill with ? elle what ? budd they say the number one killer of old people be retirement . people get them a job to do , they tend to live a little longer so they can do it . I have always figure warrior and they enemy share the same relationship . so now you be not gonna hafta face you enemy on the battlefield no more , which " R " be you fill with , relief or regret ? elle a little bit of both . budd bullshit . I be sure you do feel a little bit of both . but I know damn page 140 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be well you feel one more than you feel the other . the question be which one ? elle look right at he with she eye , and say ; elle regret . budd yeah you gotta hand it to the ol girl . I never see nobody buffalo Bill the way she buffalo Bill . Bill useta think she be so damn smart . I try to tell he ... Bill she 's just smart for a blonde . he look over at elle and grin . elle look at he . elle want you money ? she gesture to the black suitcase by she foot . he smile and lift it up on the table , unzipping it open . lying inside be a cool million , the thousand dollar bill be inside stack of a hundred thousand each . at the sight of all this lettuce , Budd let out a whistle . budd great day in the morning . he lift a stack out of the bag , then another , then another ... and when he lift the third stack out , he look down and see a black mamba snake coiled underneath . the Black mamba open its wide jaw ... and leap right at budd ... ... striking Budd in the face repeatedly in blurred succession ( three time in the face , and once in the forearm ) . Budd topple out of the kitchen chair onto the floor , bundle of money fall with he . elle take a sip of she margarita . the Black mamba leave Budd and go under the refridgerator . elle look down , Budd lie on he back on the kitchen floor at she foot . his face be already grotesquely swollen and white as a sheet . the serpent 's extraordinarily potent venom make a full - frontal assault on the cowboy 's nervous system . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 141 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be elle oh , I be sorry Budd , that be rude of I be not it ? Budd -- I would like to introduce my friend , the Black mamba . ( gesture towards the refridgerator ) Black mamba -- this be Budd . you know before I pick up that little fella , I look he up on the internet . ( she remove she notepad from she pocket ) fascinating creature the Black mamba . listen to this , ( read from the notepad ) " ... in Africa , the say go , in the bush , a elephant can kill you . a leopard can kill you . and a Black mamba can kill you . but only with the mamba , and this have be true in Africa since the dawn of time , be death sure . hence its handle ; death incarnate . " ( look up from the paper ) pretty cool , huh ? ( back to paper ) " ... its neurotoxic venom be one of nature 's most effective poison , act on the nervous system cause paralysis . the venom of a Black mamba can kill a human in four hour , if say bitten on the ankle or the thumb . however , a bite to the face or torso can bring death from paralysis within twenty minute . ( up from paper to Budd ) now you should listen to this cause this concern you . ( read from the paper ) the amount of venom that can be deliver from a single bit can be gargantuan . ( look up from paper ) -- you know I have always like that word gargantuan , and I so rarely have a opportunity to use it ina sentence . ( back to paper ) " if not treat quickly with anti venom , 10 to 15 milligram can be fatal to human being . however , the Black mamba can deliver as much as 100 to 400 milligram of venom from a single bite . " elle finish read and put the paper away . she look down at Budd at she foot , go through all the symptom she just describe . page 142 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be elle now in this last agonizing minute of life you have leave , let I answer the question you ask earlier , more thoroughly . when it come to that bitch , I gotta lotta " R 's " in I . revenge be one . retribution be another . rivalry be definitely one . but I get another " R " for that bitch you might be surprised to find out . respect . but right at this moment , the biggest " R " I feel , be regret . regret that maybe the great warrior I have ever meet , meet she end at the hand of a bushwhackin , scrub , alacky piece of shit like you . the woman deserve better . Budd , die , watch from the floor as elle take out she cell phone and press one button . the other party come on the line , but we never hear they side . elle ( into phone ) Bill ... elle . I have some tragic news . ( pause ) you brother 's dead . ( pause ) I be sorry baby . Budd try to make a sound from the floor , elle calmly place she foot over he mouth . elle ( cont 'd ) she put a Black mamba in he camper . ( pause ) I get she , sweety . ( pause ) she 's dead . ( pause ) let I put it this way . if you ever start feel sentimental , go to Austin , Texas . when you get here , walk into a florist and buy a bunch of flower . then you take that flower to huntington cemetery on fuller and guadalupe , look for the headstone mark " Paula schultz " , then lay they on the grave . because you will be stand at the final rest place of beatrix kiddo . we flash on the bride's driver' license ( the real one ) , with both she picture and the name , beatrix kiddo . yes , that 's she real name . flash on hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 143 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be classroom of lst grader on the first day of class . a 1st grade teacher read roll call ; 1st grade teacher Melanie harrhouse . we whip pan across a bunch of kid to a ex cu of 1st grader melanie harrhouse . melanie here . 1st grade teacher beatrix kiddo . whip pan to a ex cu of the grow - up bride , the bride here . back to elle on phone elle I be so sorry baby . -- look , I can get there in about four hour should I come over ? ( pause ) no no no no no , you need I baby . I be there . ( pause ) okay , I be leave now , go smoke some pot or something . I will be there soon . she hang up the cell phone , and look down at the dead man under she shoe . pick up the hanzo sword , she climb down on the floor on she hand and knee to pick up the fall money . cu the black mamba out from under the refrigerator , behind elle ... elle sense it . and slowly turn she head to look back .. both Black mamba and elle Driver lock eye ... zoom into both cu 's tighter and tighter , till elle say ; elle bring it on , bitch . the viper know as death incarnate , leap at elle . elle flick she wrist slightly . she do not even swing the http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 144 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be blade . she just hold it . the snake 's head touch it , and be immediately separate from its body . elle's eye look down at the japanese steel in she hand . hanzo blade a smidgen of crimson blood be on the silver steel . elle now that 's what I call sharp . ext . budd be camper - day elle exit the camper with both the sword and the black suitcase in she hand . she climb into she gold and black tran be , start up the engine , turn on the radio .... when ... .». she think she hear something ... she look out she driver 's side car door window ... elle's Pov : the dirty blonde bride behind the wheel of she new , enormous red pickup truck , heading right for her ... cu the bride behind the wheel , heading right for her ... vegeance theme plays on soundtrack . cu elle she jaw drop open . she 's gobsmack . not only do she see the dead walk , she see the dead behind two ton of metal come at she at 100 mph ... crash the Red pickup t- bone the tran be , the gold and black car fly through the air , then roll over and over about five time in the desert sand and dirt ... end upside down . the dirty blonde look out she windshield at the wreckage of the black and gold sport car . a smile with the slight hint of satisfaction , spread across she face . she hop out of the truck and into Budd 's camper . int . budd be camper - day as she walk through the door , Budd 's dead , swollen body greet she . as do she serpent namesake , dead on the floor from decapitation . she begin search the camper , quickly , for something in particular . we do not have the slight clue what it could be . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 145 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be flash on ex cu the bride be eye - watch . the bride's Pov : Budd 's camper , see from up high look down . the bride search the camper . flash on ex cu her eye . the bride's Pov : Budd 's camper , Budd exit by himself the bride search the camper . flash on ex cu the bride's eye . the bride's Pov : she watch from a high perch , Budd practice witha ... samurai sword . the bride search under he bed , she see a sword on the floor rest in a shiny , black wood mahagony sheath . she remove it from its hide place . wood sheath its one of hanzo 's sheath . she open it . it be a hanzo sword . near the handle , etched in the steel , be the English word ; " to my brother Budd , the only man I ever love , from Bill . " she close the sheath , this will do . she see a pair of cowboy boot . pick one up and place the sole of the boot against the sole of she foot . her foot and this man 's boot be around the same size . she slip she dirty foot in they . she 's good to go . ext . desert elle crawl from the wreckage of the tran be , hold the hanzo sword , look like she 's just be in a car wreck a cut on she head make blood run down the side of she face . luckily for she , not the side with the good eye . the camper door swing open . the bride emerge from Budd 's home , look like a barbie doll that 's be dig up after ten year bury in the backyard , carry a hanzo sword . every footfall create a cloud of dust . the two woman , each carry a samurai sword , face each other in showdown position . a shark smile spread across elle 's face . elle bravo , Bea . I actually think that hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 146 of 185 kill Bill alacky have get the best of you . the bride you think wrong . the bride unsheath she sword with great flourish . elle do the same . elle ( refer to the sword ) what 's that ? the bride Budd 's hanzo sword . elle he say he pawn it . the bride guess that make he a liar , do not it ? without raise they sword into position , the two blonde warrior circle each other . the bride ( question ) elle ? elle ( answer ) Bea . the bride I be wonder , just ' tween we girl , what do you say to pai mei for he to snatch out you eye ? flashback - spaghetti western style of pai mei snatching out elle 's eye with he Eagle 's claw . elle I call he a bastard . the bride oooh , not so good . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be page 147 of 185 kill Bill elle nod 08/10/03 11:20 be elle be I to do it over again bite my tongue . I would the bride one more question ? elle shoot . the bride where 's Bill ? elle villa quatro . the bride Gulf of Mexico ? she head ' yes . ' the bride you would not lie to I now ? elle why lie ? elle raise up the bride 's hanzo sword into position . the bride the bride bear . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm raise up she sword . the bride I see what you do to that little mamba in there . want to try that on somebody you own size ? elle I intend to . completely drop she sword stance and she samurai the bride oh elle , I should warn you before we get start . hattori hanzo sword be extremely sharp . they can take a little get use to . page 148 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be careful not to cut you own arm off . elle I do not rattle , bitch ! the bride bring she sword back into combat position . the bride you be gonna bleed though , you be gonna bleed a lot . then ... spaghetti western music explode on the soundtrack . the two blonde warrior .... sword in position circle each other .... but instead move forward closer to each other .... one baby step at a time ... no longer closer and cu of girl . ex cu' of : they separate grip on the sword handle . they feet move closer . the bride 's eye . elle 's eye . the tip of each other 's blade . they blonde Hair . as the operatic spaghetti western Music build to a crescendo ...we CUT back and forth between cu 's of the two woman that get tighter and tighter as we zoom in closer and closer .... until ... we reach the theme's climax .... both woman let loose with a samurai grunt and swing . ex cu : two silver blade clash . ex cu : blonde hair whipping . ex cu : two silver blade clash again . two shot : the two women warrior stand they ground , striking and defending ... when they stop , no one 's be touch . the two women - sword in attack position - stare across to the other one , as they prepare for they next attack ... now they begin to circle again . cu there feet make a circular walk they attack ... ex cu blade meet -- however this time we do not know who 's on the leave or the right . one blade maneuver around the other . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 149 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be ex ex cu : of tip of blade slicing OPEN skin , about a quarter of a inch . it look like a scalpel cut . no blood . just skin separate . we do not know who 's cut the two women stand and face each other . neither know if it 's they who have be strike . neither woman bleed . we feel a count of ... one Mississippi ... ex cu : one silver blade , clean as a whistle . ex cu : one silver blade with a smudge of crimson blood on its tip . we feel a count of two Mississippi ... elle , blood begin to projectile spray out of a slice in elle 's neck only a quarter of a inch long . the blood do not exit the neck as liquid but as a fine red mist , like that of a aerosol can , we even hear the slight spray whistle . elle feel nothing . she turn she eye towards the sound of the spray , and see the blood escape she like air from a balloon . she lift she hand and place it in the path of the spray , it 's immediately bathed in red . elle drop the bride 's sword . as she blood continue to escape , both woman look across each other . the effect be that elle Driver be a balloon and she life be escape before both they very eye . and now look across at each other , the two woman see the other for the first time , not as adversary , or opponent , or as rival , or as bitch ... but as sister . elle no longer have enough life in she to stand up ... she fall to she knee in front of the bride .... ... then as she die , she lean the side of she head against the bride 's stand body . her blood run down the bride 's leg . as she pass on , elle gently wrap she arm around the bride 's leg . the bride 's hand go down to elle 's long blonde hair , and begin gently stroking it , ease she pain as she expire only in death do they find the sisterhood that could have be theirs . wide shot the bride stand , elle on she knee , the desert surround they . the bride put a shovel down . wide shot the bride have finish bury elle . she stick a jerry rig wood cross in the ground as a marker . then use she sog ; wooden cross carve the name " L. driver " on the cross . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 150 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be then drive away in the big red pickup . spaghetti western music end fade to black . black frame title appear : final chapter " the blood-splatter bride " int . bill hacienda - day Bill on the patio of he beautiful hacienda home ( name villa quatro ) locate on the beach in Mexico . at the moment Bill partake of he current hobby ...... flower arranging . with he hand among various flower of bright color , he sort and prune a very pretty arrangement . ex cu the bride's eye ...- watch .... Bill 's mexican housekeeper , josephina , appear on the patio . josephina Mr. Bill , you want I to tell you to leave now . bill ( finish up ) yes , I get to go and meet the duchess . ( refer to the flower ) do you like it ? josephina oh yes Mr. Bill , it 's very pretty bill why do not you put it on the dinner table , so we can enjoy it tonight . josephina ( she take it ) good idea , she will love it . as he head out the patio , he tell she ; bill oh and josephina , take the hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 151 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be remain flower and spread they around the house , if you would . josephina yes , Mr. Bill . he exit the patio , then turn around and pop he head back in . bill you know I just have a great idea . take the rose , and spread the petal on the bed I just get for she . that would be a nice thing to come home to , would not it , a bed of rose . josephina oh , she will love that Mr. Bill . bill you would not mind do that for I , would you josephina ? josephina no , not at all . flash on ex cu the bride's eye .... watch .... we follow behind Bill as he move through he house ... he slip on he jacket ... grab he key ... two energetic german shepherd follow he out the front door onto he driveway . on he way to he silver porsche , he roughhouse play with the dog , speak to they in Spanish . when he get to the sport -car , the dog will not leave he alone , and one jump on the porsche . he yell at it in Spanish ; bill ( spanish ) get the fuck off the car , Lucy , Lucy , down ! flash on ex cu the bride's eye ..watching ... the gate in front of Bill 's Hacienda home open , and he silver porsche hit the street run . flash on ex cu the bride . watch ... a suspense theme plays over the shot of the bride 's Eye hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 152 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be every time we cut to it . over the shot of bill drive we hear a spanish tragic love ballad , come from the car radio . bill drive he convertible as the beach whizhes by in the background . the bride 's eye . dirt Road , line by greener than green tree , the porsche kick up dirt zooming down it . cu bill drive as the Spanish love song play . the bride 's eye . a strike but antiseptic-look institution of some sort surround by the beautiful foliage of Mexico . Bill 's silver porsche drive up its driveway . the bride 's eye . int . institution the institution be not Spanish in style , but on the contrary it 's a clinical new - age box - like structure make up of clear glass door and wall and the color beige . Bill walk through the glass door , to a lone asian female receptionist , she desk be the only furniture in the lobby . in japanese he explain to she he reason for be there . ex cu the bride's eye ..watching ...we now leave any shot of Bill not from the bride 's perspective . the suspense theme be stretched tighter and tighter as we look through the bride 's Pov and listen to she vo ; the bride ( v.o. ) the attentive audience member among you will have probably notice , that all my kill have be straight up fight . the bride 's Pov : the Glass -enclose institution , and Bill stand by himself in the empty lobby . the bride ( v.o. y'all figure I would face he with my hanzo sword , aye ? well , I figure Bill figure the same thing . I be the product of three godfather . Bill , pai mei , and hattori hanzo . different teacher teach you different thing . but one thing I learn from all three , be " in combat , the opponent that do the unexpected , can usually expect to be the victor . " Bill would never hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 153 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be see this come . not from I . and least any of you judge I a bushwhacker , remember ... it be Bill who teach I how to shoot . as the bride have say this thing , we've see insert of she put together she high - power scope rifle . snap on the scope sight . setting the focus through the crosshair . load the heavy - duty ammo . curling she long white finger around the rifle 's trigger . scope sight Pov : Bill 's head in between the crosshair suspense theme be stretched tighter still ... it will soon break . wide shot look through the institution 's glass wall . the elevator in the lobby open ... and a little girl step out , and run into Bill 's arm . a little girl about five year old . a five - year old little girl with blonde hair . Bill pick up the Little girl and lift she head into the crosshair of the scope sight . suspense theme snap into a operatic wail ... ex cu : the bride 's finger , pop off the trigger ex cu : the bride 's eye , a huge tear fall out ... we move out of the eyeball , into a medium cu of the bride , tear fall down she face ... she can not believe what she 's look at ... that 's she daughter ... she 's alive ... her remembering theme plays ... flash on the bride remember , while she be in she wide - eye coma state , lie on a operate table , as doctor and nurse perform a cesarean childbirth on she . the newborn infant be pass to other hand above she wide - eye unblink expressionless face . cu of the bride in one moment , Bill have manage to suddenly change the game . ext . long long long empty road in mexico - day silence , except for a few bird . then ... we hear the Roaring of a engine , and the Silver porsche whizhes into frame . int . porsche ( moving ) - day Bill behind the wheel , he little girl asleep in the passenger seat . he see something ahead . a convertible volkswagen karman ghia enter the road head in the opposite direction . it 's a long long long way off , but it will get closer every second . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 154 of 185 Bill sense something about this automobile , and throw glance at he sleep child . his cell phone ring , he answer it . bill hola . int . the bride's car ( moving ) - day the bride behind the wheel of the convertible , blonde hair whipping in the wind , talk to Bill for the time in five year and six month . the bride hello Bill . bill kiddo , be that really you ? the bride oh , it 's I all right . bill I hear you be drive a truck ? the bride my pussy wagon die on I . who 's you little friend ? he glance down at the sleep child . bill oh , you mean the little tow head next to I , who look extraordinarily like you ? the bride yeah , that one . bill her name be b.b. first the bride get choke up again , emotion betray she voice . the bride http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be page 155 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be bill yes . do you approve ? she wipe she eye . her hand move under she shirt fingertip rest on scar . the bride yes . can she hear we ? bill not now , she 's in dream land . the bride how old be she ? bill what do you mean by that ? the bride how many year have she be alive ? bill do not ask how old she be , ask , if she 's five . the bride be she five ? bill be not mother like God , be not you suppose to automatically know ? the bride I do and I do . ( pause ) I want to meet she . bill have dinner with we at my hacienda tonight . she 's expect you . the bride what do you mean ? hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 156 of 185 kill Bill the exact dissolves http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be bill I know you be on you way , so I tell b.b . her mommy be come to see she . the bride ( confuse ) what have you tell she about I ? bill that you be sick , that you be asleep , but one day you would wake up and come back to she . and she ask I , " if mommy 's be asleep since I be bear , how will she know what I look like ? " to which I reply , " because mommy 's be dream of you . " and she say , " then I be gonna start dream of she . " so I give she a picture of you -- the bride which one ? bill the one I take of you in Paris sit on the step with the baguette in you hand . since she be one and a half year old , she 's sleep with that picture of you next to she bed . photo dissolves over the bride 's face , then away . the bride you know , prettier photo of I do exist . bill and she 's see they . but the one she want look after she while she sleep be the one of you hold bread . ( pause ) we normally have dinner around seven , be that convenient ? the bride yes . page 157 of 185 kill Bill pause ... 08/10/03 11:20 be - the car get closer ... the bride when do we cross sword ? bill well , it just so happen , my hacienda come with its very own private beach . and my private beach , just so happen to look particularly beautiful bath in moonlight . and there just so happen to be a full moon out tonight . so , swordfighter , if you want to sword fight , that 's where I suggest . but if you wanna be old school about it - then we can wait till dawn , and slice each other up at sunrise , like a couple real life honest to goodness samurais . as per usual kiddo , I will leave the big decision up to you . the car will soon pass ... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm the bride do I a courtesy ? bill anything . the bride slow down as we pass another look at she . bill wear something nice tonight ? the bride I have a dress all pick out . bill will I like it ? the bride you say I look beautiful last time you see I in it . page 158 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be bill I will dress up too . his foot move off the gas , slow the car ; she foot do the same . the car in slow motion start to pass . the bride look into the other car . we zoom past Bill to the little girl in the passenger seat . we go one frame at a time till the car move past we , to Bill hold a pistol with a large silencer point right at we face . he fire . it emit only a tiny phoof . the bride throw herself across the passenger seat as the driver 's side window explode over she head . the two car pass each other . the bride straighten herself in the driver 's seat . she look in the rearview as Bill and she daughter drive away . grabbing the cell phone she scream in it ; the bride you fuck maricone ! Bill on he cell , eye on rearview . bill now you just wait one second there little missy . unless I be confuse , we be try to kill each other be not we ? now I be not plan on take a shot at you in front of the squirt , but , she be asleep . and if you be gonna forget everything I ever teach you , and gawk like you be not get good sense , I be gonna take a shot , be I not ? the bride do she wake up ? bill of course not . she 's like you that way I look forward to this evening . it be great speak with you , Bea . he hang up . int . where hattori hanzo sleep - japan - night hattori hanzo lie sleep on he mat ... when ... hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 159 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be his phone wake he up in the middle of the night ... he hurriedly answer it . hanzo ( japanese ) ( in phone ; groggy ) hello .... int . mexico HOTEL - day the bride 's on the phone , call Japan , in tear . the bride ( english ) hattori ! hanzo ( english ) beatrix , what 's wrong ? the bride ( english ) she 's alive ! my baby girl 's alive ! CUT to : int . the bride drive to bill villa the same shot we see during the open credit . she 's dress in a white bridal gown , the exact replica of the one she be bushwhack in . over she cu we dissolve to a cu of hanzo talk to she earlier on the phone . hanzo ( japanese ) half of Bill 's strength , lie in he talent for the unexpected . if you intend to vanquish this man , and claim you daughter , you must not only expect the unexpected . you must do the unexpected . we dissolve back to the bride . we see the same shot as before of the bride drive up to Bill 's villa , through he iron gate , and parking by he front door . we see two black - suite male satellite approach she . now come the new stuff . she climb out of she vehicle , go to the back , open the boot , and remove she mossberg pump action shotgun . the two satellite freeze ... hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 160 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be she slide the pump once , and fire . one be blown apart by the blast . she slide the pump a second time ... blast . two busy the farm . she slide the pump again ... ... and blast the front door , kick it open and step inside . int . bill be villa - night another black -suited satellite hurry down the stair , reach for he weapon she fire the shotgun into he kneecap . he tumble down the stair landing at she foot . she point the shotgun straight down at he face . the bride hello manny . she fire ... then move further into the house . apparently , this be the do - the-unexpect part of she plan . fuck the charade , storm the camp , kill everyone she come across , send Bill to hell , scoop up she daughter , and head for part unknown . so far , so good . she enter the butcher block kitchen , and find Bill 's cook and housekeeper , josephina . josephina stare at the shotgun barrel point at she . the bride hello josephina . josephina hello miss beatrix . she grab the housekeeper , and shove she into the kitchen pantry . the bride stay in here and do not come out . if you leave this room I will shoot you , comprende ? josephina hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 161 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be yes . she close the pantry door , and move into the hallway lead to the live room . with she back against the wall , hold she weapon tight , she move down the hall . as she creep , a unseen Bill yell to she from around the corner . bill voice ( 0.s. ) kiddo ! if you be through shoot the servant , I be in the live room . you remember how to get to the live room , do n'tcha ? go down to the end of the hall , and make a leave . back against the wall she creep down the hall to the end . she pump the slide , and turn the corner - shotgun raised - ready to FIRE ... when ... ex cu the bride's eye - blink once . ex cu her finger come off the trigger . what the bride see in front of she be , Bill in a tuxedo , hold a small , orange squirt gun point at she . stand next to he be five - year- old little b.b. , dress up in a very pretty party dress , arm outstretch hold a orange squirt gun , aim at the bride . the three look at each other for a moment , then Bill say ; bill ( loudly ) bang bang ! then he suddenly clutches he abdomen like he 's just be shot . bill oh b.b. , mommy get we . b.b. lower she gun and play out a big die scene alongside she dad ... Bill fall to the floor . bill oh , I be die ... I be die ... b.b. parrot this . b.b . oh , I be die ... I be die ... Bill on the floor , say up to he little girl ; hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 162 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be bill fall down sweetheart , mommy shot you . the little girl fall down pretend dead . the bride , still absentmindedly point she weapon at they , be truly throw . Bill deliver he line from the floor , speak like a die breath ; bill you do it Quick draw kiddo . you be - the fastest . and with this last word , pretend to die . but then while pretend to be dead , he speak in a dramatic narrator 's voice . bill but ... little do Quick draw kiddo know , ... that five - year- old b.b. gunn be only play possum , due to the fact she be impervious to bullet . b.b. raise she head off the floor and say ; b.b. ( to mommy ) I be impervious to bullet , mommy . bill ( to b.b. ) hey , get back down there , you be play possum . the little girl 's head drop back down . Bill continue he dramatic narration ; bill so , as the smirk killer approach , what she think , be a bullet - ride corpse , ... that 's when the little b.b. gunn fire . b.b. spring up hold she tiny orange squirt gun and say ; b.b. bang bang ! hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 163 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be the bride continue watch in gobsmackery . Bill raise he head off the floor , and say to she in he normal voice ; bill mommy , you be dead - so die . the bride shake off she confusion , and act out a big death scene of she little girl . the bride oh , b.b. , you get I . I should have know , you be the best . she fall to the floor and pretend to die . the little girl in she party dress , run over to the big girl in she wedding dress , and kneel over she mommy . mommy open she eye . b.b . do not die mommy , I be just play . from the floor , look up at she daughter , she speak to she for the first time . mommy I know baby . they embrace each other . b.b. I wait a long time for you to wake up , mommy . do you dream of I - I dream of you ? the female killer say to she daughter as mommieness begin to creep into she voice ; the bride every single night , baby . she hold she daughter out at arm 's length to get a better look at she . the bride now let I look at you . my my my ... what a pretty girl you be . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 164 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be b.b. you be pretty too , mommy . b.b , start stroking she mother 's long blonde hair . the bride thank you . all of a sudden , Bill have join they on the floor . bill when I show you mommy 's picture , tell mommy what you say . the little girl get shy . bill c'mon shy girl , you know what you say , tell mommy , it will make she fall good . as she stroke she long blonde hair , little b.b. say ; b.b. I say - I say - you be the most beautiful woman I ever see in the whole white world . bill that 's the truth . that 's what she say . b.b. point to manny 's blood , which splash a little on the bride 's wedding gown . b.b. what 's that ? mommy oh , mommy spill something on she dress . b.b blood ? mommy no. Kool - Aid . do you like Kool - Aid ? hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 165 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be bill do you not like it , or do you not know what it be ? parrot Bill ; b.b. I do not know what it be . mommy well , it 's a very tasty beverage that I use to drink , when I be a little girl . it come in a lot of different flavor and color , and it 's really good . maybe we should fix some sometime . want to do that ? the little girl give a big nod , yes . bill speak of fix and drink and eat , I think it 's dinner time do not you ? b.b. do a exaggerated nod , yes . bill ( to mommy ) when you be doin all that fancy shootin , you do not happen to shoot a nice mexican woman about forty five year old , do ya ? mommy bill ( wiping imaginary sweat off he brow ) whew , then dinner should be do . ( shouting to the other room ) josephina ! you can come out now , we be ready for dinner . josephina ( 0.s. ) yes , Mr. Bill . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 166 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be he offer he hand to mommy , and help she to she foot . then say to b.b . ; bill want to go on top of the world ? she say excitedly ; yeah ! he scoops the little girl up , put she on he shoulder , and as the mommy and the daddy and they little girl walk through the house towards the dinner table , Bill and b.b. sing the carpenter 's song , '' top of the World . " it 's obviously one of they song . int . dinner room - night the dining room of Bill 's house . the family , mother father and daughter , sit at the dinner table eat . bill b.b. , do not you think mommy have the prettiest hair in the whole wide world ? yes I do . bill in fact it 's better than pretty . what 's better than pretty ? b.b. gorgeous . bill very good , gorgeous . mommy be gorgeous . the bride show no sign of thawing around Bill bill you know baby , mommy 's kinda mad at daddy . b.b. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 167 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be why ? where you a bad daddy ? bill I be afraid I be . I be a real bad daddy . ( to mommy ) we little girl learn about life and death the other day . ( to b.b . ) you want to tell mommy about what happen to emilio ? b.b. I kill he . I do not mean to , but I step on he and he stop move . bill emilio be she goldfish . she come run into my room hold the fish in she hand , cry , " daddy daddy , emilio 's dead . " and I say , '' really , that 's so sad . how do he die ? " and what do you say ? b.b. I step on he . bill actually young lady , the word you so strategically use be , " I accidentally step on he . " right ? yeah . bill to which I query , " and just how do you foot accidentally find its way into emilio 's fishbowl ? " and she tell I no no no , emilio be on the carpet when she step on he . ( beat ) hummmmmm , the plot thicken . and just how do emilio get on the carpet ? and mommy , you would have be real proud of she , because she do not lie . she say she take emilio out of he bowl , and put he on the carpet . and what be emilio do on the carpet , baby ? page 168 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm b.b. he be -- flap . bill and then you stomp on he ? uh-huh . bill and when you lift you foot up , what be emilio do then ? nothing . bill he stop flap , do not he ? uh-huh . bill and you know what that mean do not you ? uh-huh . bill what do that mean ? b.b. he be dead . bill ( to mommy ) she tell I later , that the second she lift up she foot and see he not flap , she know he be dead . be that not the perfect visual image of life and death ? a fish flap on the carpet , and a fish not flap on the carpet . so 08/10/03 11:20 be page 169 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be powerful even a five - year old child with no concept of life and death know what it mean . not only do she know emilio be dead , she know she have kill he . so she come run into my room , hold emilio in both of she little hand - it be so cute - and she want I to make emilio better . and I ask she , why do she step on emilio ? and she say , she do not know . but I know why . you do not mean to hurt emilio , you just want to see what would happen if you step on he , right ? uh-huh . bill and what happen when you stomp on emilio , be you kill he . and you discover that , do not you ? uh-huh . bill so we drive down to the beach , have a little funeral , and give emilio a burial at sea . and right now I be sure he 's happy as can be , swimmin around in fish heaven . but the point be , we child learn two very important lesson one , about life and death . the other , somethings once you do , they can not be undone . I know just how she feel ( to b.b. ) you love emilio , do not you ? uh-huh . bill well sweety , I love mommy , but I do to mommy what you do to emilio . b.b. you stomp on mommy ? page 170 of 185 kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be bill worse . ( make he finger a gun I shot mommy . not pretend shoot like we be just do . I shot she for real . why ? bill I do not know . b.b. do you want to see what would happen ? bill no , I know what would happen to mommy if I shot she . what I do not know , be when I shot mommy , what would happen to I . b.b. what happen ? bill I be very sad . and that be when I learn , somethings once you do , they can never be undone . b.b. what happen to mommy ? bill why do not you ask mommy b.b. be you okay mommy . do it hurt ? bill no sweety , it do not hurt anymore . page 171 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be do it make you sick ? mommy it put I to sleep . that 's why I have not be with you b.b. , I have be asleep . b.b . but you be awake now , right ? mommy I be wide awake , pretty girl ext . porch - dawn Bill sit on the step of he porch in the back of the house drink a glass of red wine . the step lead to the beach and the sea . beatrix step out onto the porch , and sit down on the step across from he . between they the dawn sky break . bill do she go to sleep easy ? the bride it take she a little bit . she be excited . she 's quite the little chatterbox . bill well , if she do not like you , you get to kill she to say hello . but if she like you , you can not shut she up . she 's a chip off the ole blonde in that regards . he hold up the bottle of vino . bill Red wine ? she shake she blonde head , no . bill c'mon , Bea , you be a whole lot more fun with a couple glass of wine in ya . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 172 of 185 kill Bill she give he a look . bill ( point towards the beach ) we be go to go out there and have at it , be not we ? she shake she blonde head , yes . she hold she give http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm bill well , I have already have a glass . so unless you want to win by a unfair advantage , you should have a glass of wine . so we be both on the same foot wine wise . out the empty glass , and he fill it bill you know , there 's a old man down here , he name be esteban viharo . he be a pimp . I know he when I be a child . he be a friend of my mother 's . I tell he about you . when I show he you picture he smile and say ; ( imitate he accent ) " yess , I see the attraction . " he tell I a story about take I to the movie when I be five . it be a movie which have lana Turner in it . and whenever she would appear on screen , he say I would stick my thumb in my mouth and suck it , to a obscure amount . and he know right then , this boy will be a fool for blond . the bride who would of ever think you would be such a good father ? bill well not you , that 's for damn sure . he another look . the bride must we have to endure you little zinger ? 08/10/03 11:20 be with red . page 173 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be bill no we must not . but if you be go to say sentence like that , in the future , I will resist the temptation . the bride baby , you do not have a future . Bill drink some wine . bill I send you to L.A. and you never come back . I think you would be kill . do you know how cruel it be to make someone think someone they love be dead ? I mourn you . then in the third month of my mourn , I track you down . I be not try to track you down , I be try to track down - the fuck asshole - who I think kill you . and when I find you , what to I find ? not only be you not dead , you be get marry - to some fuckin jerk - and you be pregnant ? how do you expect I to react ? the bride why do you think I hide ? bill why do you leave in the first place ? you have cold eye towards I now . I understand they temperature , but they be warm the second to the last time I see they , or be that just my imagination ? the bride no . the bride decide to tell all . as she tell this story , part will be show on the screen . to give herself a run start with the story she start it off in japanese ; the bride ( japanese ) you send I to L.A. to kill that lady scoundrel , Lisa Wong . Bill interrupt she . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 174 of 185 kill Bill the bride http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 be bill ( english ) you be you talk in japanese ? explode ; the bride ( english what the hell do you care what I talk in ? do not you know when to keep you mouth shut ? I be try to tell you what you want to know , if you will just shut up and listen and stop talk ! now may I continue ? bill you be right , I be wrong , continue . the bride the morning I leave , I throw up . I do not feel like speak in japanese anymore - on the plane , I throw up . when I get to my hotel , I throw up . so naturally I start think , maybe I might be pregnant . so I buy one of that home pregnancy kit . go back to my room and take the test . the little strip say blue . I be go to have a baby . I try to call you , but you be not there , so I just think I would call back later . bill but you never do . the bride - would you shut up , I be try to tell you how I feel . bill my apology , please continue . the bride so I just figure I would call you back later . I be just so happy , I put on music and dance by myself in the hotel suite , hold my little blue strip . what I do not know , be at some leg of my journey , I be spot . with I in Los Angeles it do not take Lisa Wong long to figure out someone put a hit out on she . so page 175 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be she send a assassin of she own to kill I in my hotel room . as I be dance in euphoria , the killer come down the hall . there 's a knock on the hotel room door . the bride stop dance and go to the door 's peephole . peephole Pov : a pretty korean woman in the blazer and skirt outfit of a hotel manager . she 's hold a basket of flower . the bride say through the door ; the bride hello , can I help you ? HOTEL woman hello , I be Karen Kim , I be the hospitality manager of the hotel . I have a welcome gift from the management . see it through the peephole . the bride oh , it 's beautiful . but I be kinda busy at this second , could you possibly come back later ? as she talk , she accidentally drop the blue strip , she bend down to pick it up ... when ... a shotgun blast blows a hole in the door , right where the bent over woman be previously stand . Karen kick open the door , Pump action shotgun in hand . the bride 's on she back , on the floor below she . Karen aim the shotgun down at she . with she foot , the bride kick the front door . it slam back hitting Karen in the face . the bride scramble to she foot , run for cover . Karen push the door aside , step into the room , and fire the shotgun the bride 's way . the bride dive out of the way . the blast destroy the side of the room it hit . the bride come up from the floor with she sog in she hand , and throws it across the room at Karen ... Karen block the throw knife with she shotgun . the blade hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 176 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be stick in the weapon 's wooden stock . she remove the knife , and drop it to the floor . the bride be a sit duck . there 's nothing she can do except wait to get shot . karen so you come here to kill Lisa Wong , huh ? well that 's my sister , bitch . I be Karen Wong , and I have come here to kill you . she raise the shotgun , and take aim at the bride ... the bride wait a second ! Karen stop . the bride yes , I be a assassin . yes I do come here to kill you sister . but I be not gonna do that now . karen oh , I know you be not -- the bride - listen to I ! I just find out right now - not two minute before you blow a hole in the door , I be pregnant . Karen look at she , " what ? " . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm the bride on that table be the home pregnancy kit . on the floor by the door be the strip that say I be pregnant . I be tell you the truth , I do not want to and I will not kill you sister . I just want to go home . karen what be this , bullshit story number twelve in the female assassin 's handbook ? the bride any other time you would be a hundred percent right . but this time you be page 177 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be a hundred percent wrong . I be the deadly woman in the world , but right now I be scared shitless for my baby . please , you hafta believe I . look at the strip , it 's on the floor . Karen look over to the door , and see the tiny strip on the floor . karen sit down on that bed and put you hand behind you head . the bride comply . Karen bend down and pick the strip off the floor . then take the package it come in and read the direction on the box . the bride Blue mean pregnant . karen I will read it myself , thank you . it be blue , Karen 's start to believe she . karen okay , say I be to believe you , what then ? the bride just go home . I will do the same . Karen do ... she start back out of the room ... before she leave , she say ; karen you fuck with the Wong sister . back on the porch http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm the bride facing Karen Wong , be the most frightening moment I have ever experience . and that include three year with that evil bastard pai mei . before that strip turn blue , I be a woman , I be you woman . I be a killer , who kill for you . before that strip turn blue , I would have jump a page 178 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be motorcycle on to a speed train .. for you . but once that strip turn blue , I could no longer do any of that thing . not anymore . because now I be a mother . a mother who only have one think on she mind . please do not harm my baby . can you understand that ? bill yes . but why tell I now , and not then ? the bride you would not have let I go . specially once you find out I be pregnant . you would have try to talk I out of it . it would have be a big scene . I just say fuck it . start to get mad . she take turn . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm bill fuck who ? the bride Bill , you could not know I be pregnant , once you know , you would claim it , and I do not want that . bill that 's not you decision to make . the bride yes , but it 's the right decision . and I make it for my daughter . everybody on this earth deserve to start with a clean slate . but with we - my daughter would be bear into a world she should not be . robbing she of the one thing everybody deserve . she would be bear with blood stain . I have to choose . I choose she . a sip of wine . it 's morning now . and now it 's she the bride you know five year ago , if I have to make a list of impossible thing that could never happen . page 179 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be you perform a coup de grace on I by bustin a cap in my crown would be right at the top of the list . ( beat ) I would have be wrong , would not I ? Bill listen stoney , then ; the bride bill I be sorry be that a question ? of impossible thing that could never happen - yes in this instance you would have be wrong . listen stoney , then ; the bride well ? bill well what ? the bride explain yourself . bill I already have . when I tell you the story of when I think you be dead . do not you get how badly I feel ? the bride you call that a explanation ? bill well if that 's too cryptic let 's get literal . ( beat ) there be consequence to break the heart of a murdering bastard . you experience some of they . that 's he explanation . she hear it . they both understand one another . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm the bride you and I have unfinish business . page 180 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be bill baby , you be not kid . they both laugh . bill you know how proud I be of you , do not you ? the bride yes . bill you know I be root for you , do not you ? the bride I figure . bill you know on that beach out there I want you to be the victor ? she nod she head , yes . bill you also know you be go to have to defeat I . I can not just give it to you , even though I want to . the bride it will not be necessary for you to give I anything . I have surpass you . I will take it . bill well , as they say in Missouri , show I . ext . the beach - morning as the blue wave of the Gulf of Mexico crash on the beach , the bride in she bridal gown , and Bill , he tuxedo jacket off , face each other in a combat stance . the bride Breeze blow she blonde hair , hold she hanzo sword in its sheath . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 181 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be bill stare across the sand to the figure of the bride , he student , face he at sunrise with a weapon he teach she to use . this be where all who teach combat artistry may end up . facing a frankenstein monster of they own creation . he remove he hanzo sword from its sheath with great flourish . wide shot the two combatant ... quite far from each other ... they intend to charge / attack ... stand in showdown stance . the bride the vengeance theme explode on the soundtrack . she take she combat stance . but what she do not do be remove she sword from its wood sheath . the fist of she leave hand be wrap around the wood sheath 's center . her right empty hand , raise and make a beckone gesture to Bill then with a face completely devoid of emotion , say in japanese ; the bride ( japanese ) attack I . she 's face he , sword in sheath , hand far from handle , in a stand still position , not move a muscle of blink a eye , stare she laser beam in Bill 's direction wait for he attack . he stand in a combat position , sword raise in a combat grip , to charge she . bill ( to himself that 's my girl . he scream a samurai scream ... and charge she she stand motionless ... unblink ... watch he come ... no fear . no expression ... we go back and forth , close , wide , low . till ... they meet use only she leave arm , with the sheathed hanzo sword in its grip , she block all of he blow , right arm unmove down at she side ... sort of like pai mei do to she earlier ... he sword and she sheath lock together ... they be close to each other , she bring up she right arm , stick out two finger and hit Bill on ten different pressure point on he body . then hit he straight on in the heart with she palm . his body jolt , like he 's just have a heart attack ... he cough up a little blood ... he look at she . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 182 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be they face be very close ... the face of the cold ice woman ninja , melt away before we eye , and the face of beatrix kiddo be fill once again with compassion . bill he teach you the ten point palm explode heart technique ? the bride of course he do . bill why do not you tell I ? she do not have a answer . she look at he apologetically ; the bride I do not know ... because ... I be a... bad person . he smile at she duplicitly , and say with blood on he lip ; bill no . you be not a bad person . you be a terrific person . you be my favorite person . but every once in awhile ... you can be a real cunt . they smile at each other . then ... Bill turn he back to she ... and walk five step in the opposite direction ... with each step he heart swell , on the fifth ... it burst ... we hear a SOUND , like of a tire blowout ... he fall to the beach ... dead . the bride walk over to he body . she unsheath she hanzo sword . blood lie in a pool , by Bill 's mouth . she dip the tip of the blade in the blood , leave the tiniest of crimson smudge she then remove the Bill handkerchief , and wipe Bill 's blood from off the blade onto the white cloth . hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 183 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be she let the Bill handkerchief drop onto he body . the jingi sword hattori hanzo create , just for she , for this purpose , have come to the end of its journey . beatrix , in a moment of enormous generosity , allow herself one final tear , shed for she corrupter , she enemy , the father of she child , ...her man . the tear be for she as well . for she 's very aware she will never ever be completely any other man 's woman . ex cu the hanzo blade slowly slide into the wood sheath . ex cu the single teardrop , slide down she cheek the blade disappear inside the sheath . the teardrop fall of she chin . her journey , she revenge , she victory , she unfinish business , be complete . the bride exit the beach . Bill do not . series of shot end film as a female voice sing a song on the soundtrack . we see the bride , get b.b. the bride and b.b. be drive away . the bride and b.b. eat in a coffee shop . the bride and b.b. in a motel room . they both wear bath towel and both of they blonde head be wet . the bride sit behind she on the bed , comb the little one 's head . the bride spoon b.b. from behind , both of they be asleep . it 's the morning ... b.b. sit on the motel room bed , watch Saturday morning cartoon on t.v. int . motel room bathroom - morning the bride be on the floor of the motel room bathroom , cry she eye out . she shove a towel in she mouth so b.b. will not hear she . we wonder for a moment what 's wrong ... till we see she face in cu ... her tear be tear of joy . she can not believe this be even happen . her daughter be alive . they be together . they get to begin again . she cover she mouth so b.b. will not hear she cry and get worried or confuse . http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm page 184 of 185 kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 be but as the deadly woman on the planet , lie on the motel room bathroom floor , smile on she face , twinkle in she eye happier than she 's ever be , she think one think . over and over again .... thank you god ... thank you god ... thank you god ... thank you god . she wash she face in the sink , when she 's presentable , she walk out of the bathroom , jump on the bed with she baby hug she from behind as the two watch Saturday morning cartoon . two shot cu both blonde head , the big one and the little one , next to each other , watch t.v. the lioness have be reunite with she cub , and all be right in the jungle . CUT to : black frame title appear : written & direct by quentin tarantino hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum page 185 of 185