kin bagman by Daniel casey base on the short film by Jonathan & josh Baker over black : young voice ( v.o . ) you do not get to choose family . ( beat ) you do not . and just cause someone 's family , it do not mean they can not hurt you . do not mean they will not . ext . detroit cityscape - day angle : straight down and move . a infinite patchwork of blast cityscape in cube and rectangle . young voice ( v.o . ) all you can do when it come to the people you love be brace yourself . ( beat ) that 's just how it be . the top of building from way far up . Rolling out before we like a gargantuan concrete blanket spatter in greenery . int . counselor' office - unspec - day angle : we come in on a set of youthful shoulder . a kid , seat , face away from we . Beyond , behind a desk , be a aging woman , dress in conservative attire . this boy be eli ( 12 ) , black , handsome . quiet . guidance counselor how would you say the year have be , overall ? still face away from we , eli shrug . guidance counselor good ? bad ? eli normal . I think . guidance counselor normal for you , or for a regular school year ? eli for a school year . guidance counselor how be you year ? eli be quiet for a moment . do not answer that question . and as he hold this silence -- we begin to track around he -- eli Fine . the guidance counselor do not push any harder on this . guidance counselor and thing at home ? how 's you dad ? how 's he do ? another shrug . guidance counselor what about plan for the summer , any vacation in the work ? eli shake he head . and now we have get we first good look at he . handsome for sure . wise-beyond-his-years ... ... the guidance counselor take in he face and smile , pleasant . but there 's something preoccupy linger . guidance counselor it 's okay to talk to I , elijah . ( beat ) it be . sitting across from I I see a young man who 's creative , and smart -- ( then ) -- but who do not want to be see . the guidance counselor wait another beat for eli to take this in . when he stay quiet , she let he go -- guidance counselor be good out there . we will see you in September . eli okay . and over this -- we hear the SOUND of a school bell -- the fervor of excite student voice transition we into -- ext . ST . florian 's - parking lot - day on eli as he move . apart from he classmate , celebrate and whooping as the school year end -- some race for basketball court , girl eli 's age flutter in and out of gossipy circle , other kide opt for trick on skateboard -- cutting past eli -- who move on he own . wading through all this . we see it clear as day . eli do not gel with he peer . he 's not one of they . setting out instead for the neighborhood beyond . determined . int . garage - day a rusty garage door be yanked open . eli , with a backpack over he shoulder , enter and cross for -- -- a weathered bmx bike . ext . hamtramck - CITY street - day pedaling . Sunshine . wanderlust . spoke whip past , as do a -- -- hodge - podge of low - rent signage in this heart of detroit 's former industrial corridor . Polish , bangladeshi , Arabic and more . eli weave westward up caniff -- skid to a stop at -- ext . prella metalwork - scrapyard - continuous hasan , a tattooe Arabic teen with a cigarette light , see eli come , sweeping out front -- hasan you get another haul for we or what ? eli almost there . what 's copper at ? hasan copper and aluminum radiator . seventy cent a pound this week . eli ( be : up the street ) L & J say they 's 1l do 80 . hasan look at eli. beat . then drag and smile . hasan that 's what they say ? ( eli nod ) I will talk to my uncle . bring what you get here first , okay ? ( in Arabic ) Little thief . ext . highland park - detroit - day eli make he way across the 1-75 overpass now . into wide swath of derelict CITY which follow . open expanse of vacant lot , abandoned home and factories . remnant of a different era . epic. dystopic . eli a speck in this wild . ext . derelict shipping site - day interconnected shell of building tower past barb - wire gate . abandon . busted glass , scorched pavement and litter . eli swoops past into view , stashes he bike near a overpass , peel back a section of perimeter fencing -- int . derelict shipping site - MAIN build - day almost cathedral - like . eli enter . ahead , a wide section of the roof have collapse under decade of heavy snow . vine and greenery swallow fossilize machinery gut now in the hot and humid month . Dancing across ruin . int . derelict shipping site - second build - day echoes . eli use a crowbar from he bag to chip away at wall . he slow -- peer into the hole he 's just burrow . he know it . begins tugging out dirty copper wire . begins excavate aluminum piping next . piece by piece . a expert . angle : stuff he backpack . search . hack . repeating the process . again . again . again . his haul grow ... int . derelict shipping site - third build - day shimmy beneath a half - collapse door . further inside now . eli set he nearly - full backpack down for a beat -- -- and reach into he pocket to grab a inhaler . a puffer we recognize as the type carry for asthma . eli use it . take a deep breath reach for he crowbar -- then stop . beat . his breath be visible . it 's cold in here . eli turn . spot a darkened corridor ahead . a small freeze wind brushes past . eli remove a maglight from he backpack . int . darkened corridor - moment later moving through total blackness . eli click on the flashlight as -- kkaa - rruung . a noise faraway -- dust shake loose above . -- eli look . listen a beat . nothing follow . his breath fogging the air thicker . it 's summer outside . it should be a oven in here . eli shine he light -- crystalline formation of ice be visible along the floor at he foot and along wall . he move around a final bend , frost crunching underfoot , into -- int . massive frozen chamber - moment later a massive derelict chamber . enter . cautious -- eli see something that take he -- and we -- a moment to process . this cavernous space like all the other except : whisper of light snow levitate past -- add a ethereal aura to what look like damage do by some kind of weapon FIRE . slit of natural light cut through blast hole everywhere . not do by bullet . something else . eli , heart beginning to thunder -- step forward . and see -- body . a half - odd dozen of they or more -- all in advanced , menacing , otherworldly armor -- lie strewn about the space in vary configuration of carnage . eli have somehow wander into the aftermath of a o.k. corral scenario . only we can not be sure the player be from Earth . holy . fucking . shit . this be a ugly fight too . eli turn . half expect siren or some adult to burst into the room and take charge ... only silence and freeze wind call back . eli hesitates . wade even closer ... ..-- from the look of this armore body , there be two distinct side . one have sleeker - look armor , the second be rough-etch . utilitarian beneath bit of batter garb . both side wear mechanized helmet . conceal they feature . eli sloooowly approach the close motionless body , splay out across a pile of rubble -- he stare at the helmet and carefully wipe away a thin layer of frost from the visor -- -- and slow . at eli 's foot : be some kind of metallic device . one of theirs . its contour sleek and other - worldly . eli lean down ... grip it . cautious . lift it to inspect -- -- and the gesture activate something . the device chime . some kind of prompt , as though it 's powering up . as it do -- -- the device open . or rather , the outer layer doe . a self - retract shield . revealing the contour of what 's clearly a shotgun - size alien weapon beneath -- -- then the motionless body he be just examine move . its helmet turn , look right at eli -- -- and the armore figure thrust a dying hand toward eli . eli recoil . slip on ice . fall . drop everything -- maglight go . the weapon -shaped device too . it go sliding away from eli and -- down into a open elevator shaft -- int . derelict shipping site - third build - moment later eli scramble . slip-slide . fumble for he backpack . ext . derelict shipping site - darkened corridor - day piece of piping clang and roll down the street as eli pedal away . backpack not zipped up . racing like fucking hell -- panting . hyperventilating . panic . eye wide -- only once he 's clear a good few block do eli skid to a stop -- gasping . sheer. utter. absolute . disbelief . he reach once more for he inhaler , and as he do , use it -- breathes -- stare back at the abandoned complex -- we CUT to : B AG m a N ext . hamtramck - CITY street - late day eli pedal , ghostly pale , scan every pass face . folk concerned with daily commute , delivery -- the mundane ... ext . hrobsky home - day eli usher he bmx up the drive of a tiny , sturdy home . built originally for auto-worker in the 1920 . stashes he bike . ext . back of the garage - moment later and move for the back of the garage to a overturn wheel - barrow . lift it to reveal a BOX filled with scrap metal . eli deposit what 's leave in he backpack and -- int . hrobsky home - live room - dusk eli. quiet . motionless . mind still churn . replaying event in he head atop a sofa in this work man 's live room . headlight of a early ninety pickup truck pull into the driveway outside . boot footstep approach -- harold hrobsky , or hal ( late 5as ) , white , enter . a batter old polack . face and hand like granite . hard line . wearing a well - use Red wing jacket . hal finish you homework ? eli summer break start . hal ( recollect , look around ) and now you have , what ? forgotten how to read ? hal point to a note . Hand -scrawl in bossy all - cap : do you chore ! hal get you shoe on , I need help with something . ext . hrobsky home - driveway / garage - dusk eli strain , help hal move a shitload of cut lumber from he truck to the garage in the dark . this suck . hal -- that rush gig in corktown . they change they mind every day last minute , have to -- pick all this up for tomorrow -- they set down the last piece . eli realize -- eli we gotta load all this back in ? hal at six thirty a.m . that be correct . ( off eli 's look ) somebody '' 11 steal it . hal pass en route for the garage . eli silently protest -- eli who 's gonna steal a buncha wood ? hal ( send he a look ) you see my maglight ? that would be the flashlight eli abandon earlier . oops . eli not lately ... hal curse in Polish , scan the place one more time in vein and cross back to the truck for invoice slip . sit on the lift-gate . squint and scribbles . eli quiet . clearly annoyed and look to slip back inside -- hal what 's with you today ? huh ? you forget you chore , I can see you give I lip -- hal look at eli. regards he . motion he over . hal you know if I be hard on you , it 's cause the world 's hard . I have see that . ( beat ) and a good man ? account for himself . he shoulder responsibility , even when he do not want to . eli nod , but it 's to get hal off he back . hal hold on that a moment . shift . preoccupy with something unsaid ... hal we need a third place for dinner . ( beat ) you brother 's on he way . hal hold on eli . say this next part with significance . hal be careful around he . int . hrobsky home - various - night sizzle fry pan and simmer pot fog the air as hal cook . eli remove a new plate and utensil from a cupboard -- the doorbell ring . eli turn to hal , who nod . get it . eli go . open the front door to get we first look at -- jimmy hrobsky ( 20 ) , white , handsome with a dash of scumbag . stands on the stoop , lean , tattooe and cool with a bag sling over he shoulder . Jimmy bear a familial resemblance to hal -- genetic only . jimmy eli. eli hey . jimmy man . six year do not seem like such a long time until just now -- Jimmy brushes past . rustles eli 's hair as he go -- eli wince . Jimmy enter the live room , look around as though size it up , and slow . then . Jimmy see , cross toward hal in the kitchen . jimmy pop . hal look up , eye he son stand in the doorway . wary -- jimmy this be just for a week or two . hal I know . a unspoken sentiment hang thick between this two . hal cautiously nod . hal eli can set you up in the office . 10 . jimmy Office ? hal upstair . int . hrobsky home - upstair hallway - night angle : a completely empty bedroom with a desk in it . barren . Jimmy shake he head . toss he bag onto a dusty futon and turn to eli . look he over . jimmy so . what 's you deal this day ? eli shrug . beat . Jimmy do the gesture right back . jimmy that ? that 's you deal ? you remember I at all ? eli a little . jimmy how old be you when I leave ? eli which time ? Jimmy snicker . look eli over and grin . a mischievous glint flash . Jimmy then push past eli into -- jimmy let 's see what you do , huh ? to my dig . eli' room . enter without permission . Jimmy scan wall of space chart , original artwork and drawing , sketches of other planet and map ... huh ... jimmy wow , okay ... .-». he turn to eli 's closet . eli watch , cautious , as Jimmy spot a set of notches . height mark with corresponding date scribble to measure the growth of a child . written atop be : eli . Jimmy turn to a second set of notches on the opposite frame . 11 . jimmy . he regards they a moment , look down -- then -- jimmy what the hell be that ? he 's point at eli 's sneaker on the floor . eli my shoe . jimmy you wear that in public ? eli I be save up for new one . jimmy with what ? dad 's five - dollar - a- week - allowance ? Jimmy slow . Notes the way eli stay quiet -- jimmy oh . you get a side thing go . Little lemonade stand ? ( then ) good for you . I can respect that . Jimmy throw a honor-among - thief smile at eli . eli nod . jimmy tell you what . I get some chuck somewhere around here in a trunk . you can have they . they be almost new . wo not stink as much as that do . ( then ) sound good ? there 's a outlaw charm to Jimmy . int . hrobsky home - live room - night Jimmy , clean up -- take in the space of the live room . Catholic and Polish decor . say in the latter . Jimmy turn , eye a full roster of red wing bobble head on a dusty shelf . narrow in on a yzerman and bob probert . hal cross out of the kitchen nearby . bring serving dish to the table . corn , baked potato and Golabki -- hal look hal turn the shelf a younger 12 . jimmy ( point ) still get the bobble -head , huh ? up , regards the shelf a moment ... hal you mother like they . so. back into the kitchen . leave Jimmy to consider a moment longer . just past they -- be a picture of hal with he arm around jimmy mother . int . hrobsky home - kitchen - night eat in silence . routine for hal and eli , but -- Jimmy sip from he bowl -- slow -- revel in the moment . jimmy Golabki . you guy get no idea , man . none . do not even get I start . ( to eli ) think you could ever miss the taste of a baked potato ? and I mean . not special . just make right , like this , with a little butter . ( then ) you get lock away you get no idea the kinda shit you 's 1ll miss . if somebody give I a blue light right now and some ice cream , there would be a high probability of I break into tear like a little bit - Jimmy see hal 's expression and stop just shy . eli grin . hal nod , hal glad you like . jimmy I do . so , uh . how 's business ? hal Fine . sip . Jimmy wait for he to elaborate . do not happen . so Jimmy nod . chews . look to eli . who 's watch both of they , eat . beat . jimmy you talk too much . anyone ever tell you that ? huh ? eli grin again . hal watch the way eli spark to that -- hal -- that be new . on you hand . hal motion . stern . to a pair of Jimmy 's small prison tat . jimmy yeah ? like they ? ( tap each ) this one ward off evil spirit , and this one ward off mexican . eli abruptly snort into he stew . hal you think that 's funny ? jimmy eli do . hal he 's twelve . hal turn he gaze on eli . face bury in he meal . jimmy sorry . it 's not . look -- ( exhales ) I be happy to be home , okay ? I just wanna talk and laugh and catch up like a family . I do not mean anyt - hal this be not a reunion . jimmy I know -- hal you be just release . you be here cause you gotta sort you life out . jimmy and I be gonna -- hal so you wanna talk , let 's talk about that . what be you next step ? 14 . jimmy I will get a job . hal where ? what kinda job ? Jimmy waver . on the spot . eli look from hal to Jimmy , then back to hal ... jimmy to be honest ? I be think that , with come back , put in some time for -- ( here go ) we to bond , show you I be straight -- maybe you could put in a good word at whatever site you be work . hal I can not do that . jimmy why not ? hal Cause I can not clear a ex-con . it do not work like that . jimmy but I be you son -- I mean , you just tell they -- hal send a look at Jimmy . this be not gonna be discuss . Jimmy waver . hal stare right back . beat . so Jimmy grab he fork . fishing through he meal . stabbing carrot -- jimmy great . so . six year go , no word , no visit -- hal I visit . jimmy once . to let I know mar pass . six year ! I come home , no complaint , ask for one favor and it turn out you would rather see I flipping burger -- hal it 's a start . 15 . jimmy flip burger ?! hal anything 's better than be a thief . a low life . Jimmy halt . that stung . look at hal , stare back . jimmy I think I be gonna step out . get a few people to see . Jimmy slide he chair back loud , bring he plate to the sink . grab he coat , a spare key , and he 's go . eli , head still low , wait a moment ... look to hal ... hal ( growl ) chore . then bed . ext . tatter house - westland - night westland . just shy of canton . call wasteland by local for a reason . a downriver sprawl transformed by River rouge plant runoff into a hick meth paradise . a cab pull past we -- Jimmy get out -- cross the street . a group of teenager across the street be go at it -- a brawl on a lawn -- two dead - eye con lean off a stoop ahead . tattoos depict valknot and the number 14 and 88 . the scarier one eye Jimmy 's approach -- scary what you look for , man ? jimmy just finish a bid out in Jackson . uh. Taylor 's expect I to come through ... he here ? int . tatter house - westland - night a shit hole top off with a brand new PS4 and flat -screen . cigarette- burn furniture everywhere . junkies loiter like zomby . filthy . swim in drug paraphernalia . cheery music play loudly . Jimmy 's lead by a young grubby woman . either sleep - deprive or high -- through a gross kitchen , pass young teens count cash out on a fold table . to a stairwell -- 16 . int . tatter house - basement - moment later Jimmy , do he best calm walk , descend into a unfinish cement dungeon . oddly pack with shipping crate and -- -- pry each one open with a crowbar be taylor bolek ( 30 ) . a grimy Aryan con with a lean gate and cleft lip . taylor ( smile ) hrobsky ! welcome home , man -- you remember my brother dutch ? Jimmy nod to dutch ( 30 ) , seat atop a crate nearby -- the bigger , cro-magnon version of Taylor . stare murder . jimmy yeah . how 's it goin , I uh -- Jimmy 's spot this basement 's third occupant . a shirtless guy , beat to shit -- facing the corner , bleed from he ear . taylor oh that 's renny . do not worry about he , he 's in time - out . the guy wobble . the recipient of a very recent beat -- renny tay man , come on -- taylor hey ! what would I tell you ?? renny -- my ear 's bleed , man ... taylor put you nose back in that corner right fuckin now , you hear I ?? contemplate you shitty attitude . Jimmy watch this exchange -- look again to dutch -- who 's glaring at Jimmy . Taylor turn back to the shipping crate -- taylor so Jimmy . you wanna toast a spliff or get right to it ? Taylor rip the top of the crate off -- pull a machine gun out into open view . this crate be full of they . isreali-made . Jimmy choke out a tense smile -- 17 . jimmy not quite time to toast yet for I - - I know , I uh . I owe you guy money , which -- I be take real serious ... the temperature of the room seem to drop a few degree . taylor so you do not get the sixty ? jimmy no , but -- I want you to see , I be not dodging you guy -- taylor man . that 's a real bummer . Taylor begin load machine gun into smaller box label salsa -- where dutch look ready to take Jimmy 's head off . taylor see , Jimmy -- I and my brother -- ( lot and lot of gun ) we do not , ah . Project illusion about who we be and what we do , you know ? we make it clear from day one , post charge or what have you , how we operate on loan , cause there be guy who do business like you , and guy who do business like we -- ( turn ) jail can be a nasty place . you need protection out in Jackson and we be there for you . Taylor slow . take a mag . fish for a box of round , start load it . smiling away . taylor there some funny language about that you do not understand ? some kinda fine print problem ? click-clack . the machine gun in Taylor 's hand be load now . he take a step in toward Jimmy -- jimmy n. no man -- that , that 's -- taylor we know you get that father , a color little brother ... 18 . taylor ( cont 'd ) ( posture ) we could go collect from they ? Jimmy 's scramble . fast for a lifeboat here and -- jimmy -- Taylor . man. ( -- fold ) I say I do not have it here -- not that I do not have it . Taylor hold . stays put . right in Jimmy 's face . smiling ... int . bottom of elevator shaft - dream - unspec we be in what we can best make out at first as a dark space . light , unearthly , glow in abstract -- humming . brighter . this glow gather , pulsing upward along concrete wall -- int . eli be room - night angle : eli wake up . lying in bed . the humming still ringing lightly in he ear ... after a moment -- he sit up , unable to shake the dream ... ext . detroit - CITY street - night eli pedal . a duffle bag sling over he shoulder . adrenaline spike . a kid who should not be out in a neighborhood this tough this late . scary -- a trio of hood call out from a gas station as he pass , face light only by the cherries of drag cigarettes -- hood , etc yo -- 1il man ! hey ! come here real quick -- yo ! ext . derelict shipping site - night eli skid to a stop . no one 's visible in sight . Street light do not work out here . vacant structure linger now like creaky monster doze in hunkere down silence . haunting . the massive abandoned complex be right where we leave it . 19 . int . derelict shipping site - minute later eli enter . move through the massive space . every step a echo in the black . eli wade further -- int . derelict shipping site - o.k. corral - night angle : hal' maglight . right where it be drop . eli pick it up . click it on and turn , scan the open air and -- the aftermath of what we witness earlier be 100 % gone . no ice formation . no strange , fallen armore alien soldier . like no one be ever here . eli whirl . aim he flashlight at the wall , the ceiling , the floor -- scorch mark and hole leave by the weapon 's FIRE remain , but if we be be honest -- a naysayer could call that anything . eli turn to the OPEN elevator shaft . where the weapon go sliding ... he cross -- lean over the edge -- Three storey straight down into shadow . eli waver ... grip he duffle . climb down and in . scaling . int . elevator shaft - moment later eli drop to a safe landing , into decade of dust and debris . pitch black . eli fumble . click on the maglight . lighting up the bottom of this space around he -- sees the weapon device . still down here . lying in the dirt . eli reach for it -- but before he can touch it , light illuminate across the device . eli recoil , startle for a second , then -- slowly -- he reach ... pick it up . once again , it chime . as though this thing have recognize he -- the weapon come to life . lighting up the darkness down here with a otherworldly glow . the outer shield open . reconfiguring . piece of its exterior retract and fold back on they own to reveal a trigger , barrel -- a 3d targetting system flicker into view , glow , summon out of thin air . impossibly cool . the weapon humming . talk to he . eli take in the sight of what 's now hold in he hand ... 20 . ext . CITY street - moving - night angle : that duffle bag now full . slung over eli 's shoulder as he pedal . the weapon inside . ext . hrobsky home - up the block - night eli come racing up the street . swerve for cover behind bush as -- a cab pull up to hal 's house ahead -- Jimmy . eli watch Jimmy get out , he footstep a tipsy march . climb the front stair of the house ... int . hrobsky home - night Jimmy enter . see hal . still up watch Red wing highlight . beat . hal where would you go ? jimmy ended up at the Polish Sea League , um . knew the bartender from ham high , she -- ( drunk , smile ) buy I some celebratory shot . another beat . Jimmy 's fumble a little with the sleeve of he coat . hal , watch this -- and -- hal you need anything ? Jimmy slow . hal 's look up from the tv at he . Jimmy 's unprepare for the civility . cautious . jimmy erm. Water ? tylenol ? ext . hrobsky home - continuous the following be all one shot : eli silently walk he bike up the driveway , duck as hal cross past in the window above -- -- hold . eli stashes the bike and cross , climb a nearby garden stoop . up along the back of the house . up. up. up. eli reach , grip the gutter above -- and freeze . as hal re-emerges in view . slow to a stop in the window above the sink . go . once he 's go , eli look -- 21 . scale the rest of the way up to he bedroom window -- int . hrobsky home - live room - continuous hal return to Jimmy with the glass of water , offer it along with two tablet of store brand ibuprofen . Jimmy accept ... jimmy gonna need , uh -- he fumble . smile again . stuff the pill into he pocket . jimmy -- this bad boy in the morning . and hal watch he own son . drunk . make hangover joke ... something stir deep down . just try to put it right . hal Jimmy . I wanna help you , okay ? I do . but you get a decade 's worth of bad decision under you belt , and you gotta make up for that first . you gotta be ready to work job you do not like , earn experience , earn trust -- Jimmy nod . bleary . pound the glass of water . hal eye this -- maybe now 's not the time . hal but , uh . let 's talk in the morning . hal nod , move for the stair . and as he go -- jimmy no . we should talk now . hal slow . something be different in Jimmy 's voice right there -- he turn back ... int . eli be room - continuous eli slide the duffle bag with the weapon under he bed -- rise . hear voice in the live room below ... int . hrobsky home - live room - continuous Jimmy thumb that empty water glass a moment -- shaky ... and he look back at hal . for the first time in a while . Jimmy 's eye be glassy . with more than booze . 22 . jimmy sixty k . I need to borrow sixty K. sorry but it 's gotta be you . Jimmy 's eye be glassy with fear . hal 's unsure how to react . hal from I ? be you kid ? Jimmy I do not have that kind of -- jimmy it 's a whole thing . it 's the reason I be alive right now . you gotta hear I out —- hal -- no . I do not . hal 's interrupt Jimmy . he hold on he son . hal not in my own home . whatever this be , I be not interested . not anymore . hal turn again . move determine up the stair now -- jimmy what about the safe ? ( beat ) the one you keep at work site . -- and hal stop . jimmy one time , cash go miss . I will never ask you for a thing again , I can even pay it back over time -- hal move decisively back down the stair -- hal what exactly be you say to I ? you want I to do what , exactly ? ( approach ) steal for you ? let you steal ? jimmy it 's not for I , that 's what I be - hal who 's it for then ? huh ? let 's hear . go ahead -- 23 . jimmy dangerous people . okay ? for when I be inside . ( implore ) the kind you do not not pay back . people who will not just stop with I , you -- you -- ( dire ) understand what I be say to you ? I be try to protect you guy here ! upstair - continuous : eli , now back in he pajamas , quietly approach the top of the staircase -- there 's silence , then : hal ( 0.s. ) get the hell out . now . downstair - continuous : hal 's anger now barely control -- jab he finger at the door . Jimmy , plea still ringing in he eye , examine this -- and turn . set down the water glass -- jimmy it 's funny . Cause I come in here -- marvel at this place like the house time forget , but you make change , do not you ? he grab he jacket , move for the door and slow . motion . jimmy ( fumble with he coat ) I do not see myself in any a this picture -- not a one . my room ? it 's go . you have get you replacement son up there in my bed . upstair - continuous : eli , hearing Jimmy refer to he like this , blink -- and pause . that word hurt . jimmy ( 0.s. ) you erase every trace 'a I . do not you ? that how proud I make you ? would Mom have want that ? hal ( 0.s. ) you mother have be disgust right now . get the fuck outta my house . I be not tell you again . downstair - continuous : Jimmy nod . some father . slam the door as he goe . leave hal to watch he trail away alone ... we hold on hal here . his face . all of this familiar . 24 . ext . hrobsky home - pre-dawn eli strain again . load lumber back into hal 's truck . hal slam a piece into place . visibly grumpier than usual . hal hand eli a piece of paper en route to close up the garage . slamming it shut . hal here . thing I need do today . before I get home . eli look . it 's a list of chore like a million mile long . eli today ? ever since Jimmy -- hal -- Jimmy 's get nothing to do with it . I be keep you out of trouble . hal climb into he truck without another word , start up and pull away . eli watch he go a moment . what the hell ? int . hrobsky home - upstair hallway - bedroom - morning in the hallway : we hear the weapon power to life behind eli 's close bedroom door . pulsating . angle : eli in he room . holding it up now . its sighting system flicker into view . he grin , inspect its contour up close ... and move to a stand mirror ahead . mug at he reflection with the weapon . massive in he hand . eli pose with it a few time -- and grin . begins quick-drawing with the space weapon on he own reflection . shwip ! swhip ! shwip ! he stop . beat . listen for the sound of hal 's truck , and -- eli what have you say ? ( draw real fast ) want summa this , huh ? int . HOTEL room - day one of that dump along 8 mile near woodward . Jimmy , hungover at the edge of a shoddy bed -- eye the ibuprofin hal give he . look like death . search the air for option . 25 . int . hrobsky home - live room - dusk the place be spotless . eli 's watch tv when hal enter -- cross and drop a arm-load of scrap metal onto the carpet . eli jolt -- hal my maglight mysteriously reappear right where it 's suppose to be -- and I be not gonna get curious ? take I all of five second to find that stash behind the garage . explain . eli 's trap . lock up -- debate deny it until he see the look on hal 's face -- think better of it . eli ... there 's a couple scrap yard that pay money for -- hal -- scrapping ? you be scrapping ? where do all this come from ? eli a place off Grand River . hal do this place , like my lot , have a fence around it that say stay out ? ext . hrobsky home - dusk eli stomp down the stair of the front stoop behind hal . both of they head for hal 's truck -- hal I have get a directory of property developer at the site . you be gonna call every single one you have break into , tell they what you do and pray to God they accept you apology -- and eli stop . in disbelief of how bad hal be freaking out -- eli why ? it 's just a bunch of old metal -- hal -- that be not yours , elijah ! none of it . 26 . hal ( cont 'd ) now get in the truck , or do I call the police instead ? you decision . ext / int . hal be truck - woodward ave - night hal and eli ride . eli not speak . angry , humiliate . after a moment , he grumble something as we jostle with pothole ... hal what would you say ? eli do not respond . hal I catch you steal but I be the bad guy ? that 's it ? eli I do not hurt anybody -- it 's stuff that 's be sit there for year -- hal everything that 's ever be steal ever be something that be just sit there . eli I do not even know why I listen to you . hal you do not have a choice , I be you father -- eli no you be not . only reason I be here be cause you guy want some kinda replacement kid -- hal look at eli. hold . driving . throw on he blinker . ext . construction site - corktown - night the epicenter of Detroit 's more recent gentrification . hal pull up to a construction site . a condo high - rise for rich kid move in from the burb . his truck rumble to a stop -- hal where have you hear that ? someone tell you that ? eli do not answer . 27 . hal put it in park . collect himself . hal I be gonna say this to you once , and I want you to hear I . you be nobody 's replacement . hal go quiet a moment . choose he word carefully , but with conviction . hal you be not somebody 's guilt trip . you be not some booby - prize . ( then ) you be we son . but you mother 's go now , so it 's my job to pull you as far back from the ledge 'a bad decision as possible -- and I be do the best I can without she . this may not always make we best buddy , but hopefully it 'il mean the difference between you turn out okay -- and you not . that 's why we be here . that 's why I be hard on you . beat . eli soften -- but only a little . hal hold on he . silence pass . eli 's unmove . hal shake he head . exhales . ext . construction site - corktown - continuous hal and eli get out , crossing up the street towards a sign label south entrance . hal pull out he keys -- -- and see the chain around the gate have be CUT . the padlock dangle imperceptibly off to the side . hal slow . grave . intercept eli , direct he back to the truck . hand he the key . hal wait in the truck a minute . eli why ? hal go . I ‘’1l be back . eli tsk , comply . hal close the door behind he , reach for a crowbar in the truck 's bed , head for the gate . 28 . int . hal be truck - construction site - night eli , alone now , lock the door and begin flipping through hip hop station -- the street beyond quiet -- ext . construction site - continuous hal move cautiously . tower steel column lift up and away into darkness . he round a bend to see he work trailer . the light be on inside . Music can be hear . a ancient radio scratch out joni Mitchell 's copacetic hymnal : help I . hal move for this , fast and -- int . construction site - manager' trailer - continuous -- open the trailer door . it swing open and hal lay eye on jimmy and the six - odd shady criminals in here with he . a safe behind hal 's desk have be broken OPEN . the last of the cash that be in he safe be be stuff into a black garbage bag -- jimmy dad -- what the fuck -- beat . hal grip the crowbar tight at he side -- Taylor , who 's take hal 's seat behind he desk , rise -- taylor this be dad ? hey dad . hal ( to Jimmy only ) what be you do in here ? taylor take money from this safe . hal ( point the crowbar ) that 's not yours . jimmy dad I be serious -- turn around and walk the fuck outta here now -- we will talk about this later . hal 's not gonna do that . he zeroe in on Taylor . nod to the black garbage bag -- 29 . hal I do not know what my kid promise you , but that 's not he to give or yours to take . taylor it be not ? jimmy please -- dad -- taylor shh. Jimmy . you father 's talk . and Taylor 's no longer smile . sizing hal up . a distant glaze settling over he expression . taylor you be say ? hal I do not have a gripe with you . taylor but we gotta put this money back . hal swallow a lump in he throat -- squeeze the crowbar -- hal -- yeah . taylor huh . blam . Taylor draw he weapon and fire on hal . blood spatter . the round catch hal in the chest -- jimmy no -- Taylor 's aiming again . all instinct , jimmy rush . desperate . grab for taylor 's gun as it fire . send a round through a window -- and -- blam . Taylor squeezy the trigger again as he and Jimmy struggle . blam . a shot explode right through dutch neck . dutch go gurgle wide eyed backward . scream of shock . everyone draw there weapon . so Jimmy begins squeezing the trigger of Taylor 's gun . blam . renny shriek . shot through the wrist -- blam . renny shoot the guy next to he through the foot who blast the ceiling -- all of this a whirling berzerko nightmare -- 30 . Jimmy try to drain the clip -- firing -- wrestle -- int . hal 's truck - continuous as eli sit in hal 's truck , nodd along to blasting hip hop -- we can see what he do not : faint , distant muzzle flash in the faraway darkness behind he -- int . construction site - manager' trailer - CITY street Taylor manage to wrench Jimmy 's hand downward , try to grab the gun and blam . a round go through Taylor 's leg . Taylor scream -- joni Mitchell 's ballad crescendo -- crack ! head - butt Jimmy . send he backward . Taylor collapse as well , grab he thigh and scream -- and he sees -- dutch . gurgling in the corner ahead with blood bubbling out of the dime -size hole in he neck -- taylor ( scramble for he ) n-nn -no -- nnn-no-no-no -- pant , fumble , Jimmy look -- see hal . on the ground . eye open , motionless for good . and the world quiet . jimmy dad ? dad -- panic surge in Jimmy . the room drop into a spin . he jolt , scramble over to shake hal -- water rise up -- denial -- jimmy dad -- nothing . Jimmy whirl . look for help . nearby , dutch be bleed out . Taylor 's ripped a piece of he shirt away to jam it against he brother 's neck . pleading as dutch drown in he own blood -- Taylor look . see Jimmy . beat . Taylor fumble for he gun . hand slick -- Jimmy blanch , spot the black plastic bag -- grab it and leap -- ext . construction site - manager' trailer - continuous Jimmy bite it into gravel outside as bullet shatter the door frame behind he . clamoring . all sloppy foot - fall and hand scramble -- racing away through the construction site -- 31 . int . hal be truck - continuous music plays , drown out the outside -- eli distract -- int . construction site - manager' trailer - continuous dutch 's eye do not close , but the last of he gurgle dwindle into silence . still , Taylor try to stem the bleed -- hold -- mumble -- taylor dutch ? dutch ? nothing . Taylor let out a weird sob -- bring he forehead forward into dutch 's ... taylor dutch , dutch , dutch , dutchy ... ext . construction site - corktown - continuous Jimmy skid through the entrance gate -- move to tear across the street and hop a fence -- when he -- see hal' truck . park up the block . eli. Inside . fuck . this can not be fucking happening -- Jimmy turn back to the construction yard . the sound of frantic voice can be hear . Taylor and he guy . they be come this way . they be gonna spot eli and they will -- unspeakable scenario spin through Jimmy 's head . he look once more to he path of escape -- he could go , but he -- turn back . head for the truck . frantic . try to force back the overwhelming emotion drown he -- int . hal be truck - night eli jolt as Jimmy appear at the driver 's side door . pale . but he send eli a big shakey smile . eli unlock the door . Jimmy clamor in fast -- jimmy whattup kid , ahh ... Jimmy start up the truck without explanation , frantically shift into drive and peel out -- speed away -- 32 . eli W -- wait , what be you do ? Jimmy look at eli. Racing . everything spin . stammer . no clue what to say to this kid -- jimmy ah. do not -- I mean -- Jimmy look at eli. flounder . White as a sheet . stutter . jimmy dad do not call you , ah. too ? to -- ( search ) to let you know about -- what happen ? eli dad will not let I have a phone . Jimmy proffer a oh yeah smile but he just look weird . gunning it away . look to the rear view -- ext . construction site - corktown - continuous Taylor stagger through the gate just in time to see hal' truck speed away in the distance . his leg stream blood , bleary with rage . renny , he arm gush blood as well , be struggling to keep up , full blow panic -- renny tay , tay man we gotta go ! cop 'il be come -- tay -- we gotta get outta here we gotta -- blam . Taylor shoot renny in the face . reaches for he cell . dial . turn back into the site . move . into the phone : taylor get the boy . get the boy and get the gun . jimmy ( pre - lap ) there be a , ah -- a break in ... int . hal be truck - speed - CITY street - night his attempt to appear normal be get a little better -- but still , eli 's not vibing with it -- 33 . jimmy at the site , the south gate , right there ... ( think ) you do not see the chain cut ? eli no -- Jimmy 's form all of this in real time . jimmy somebody break in -- steal a ton of gear , two truck . and . just trash the place -- get this , they -- ah -- ( get it ! ) dumped something like -- twenty thousand cubic yard of concrete at the base . twenty thousand -- can you believe that ? Jimmy take a hard turn , still gun it -- eli and he call you to pick I up ? Jimmy eye eli 's skepticism . feign indignance . jimmy of course he do , why would not he ? eli I hear you two argue last night -- Jimmy keep it up . dodge . jimmy yeah . we get into it -- ( look at eli ) -- how much do you hear ? eli I see you leave . jimmy we can argue , but -- do that mean he can not call I when a emergency come up ? we be family , we can set little stuff aside when there 's a emergency . I mean -- right ? eli shrug . look Jimmy over ... 34 . eli why be you all sweaty ? Jimmy stall a second -- jimmy -- cause I race down there to get you , smart ass . you know none 'a this neighborhood be particularly great for leave kid around unsupervise and shit . ( beat ) be I right ? eli hold a moment . true . but wary . Jimmy return attention to the road ahead . put the pedal to the floor -- int . hrobsky home - bathroom - night silence . Jimmy 's tend to he injury . try to . the facade be drop in here . and Jimmy 's reeling -- he look to he expression in the mirror . stem the tide . his heart will not stop pounding . Jimmy choke back on emotion . tries to straighten . next move . next move . next move ... int . hrobsky home - hallway - moment later Jimmy step out . can see up the hallway into the kitchen . eli 's there , drink orange juice from the carton . int . hrobsky home - kitchen - moment later Jimmy enter , hold he phone to he ear . play talk . jimmy no kid . yeah . yeah . I mean -- I guess so . okay . ( nod to eli ) yeah , he 's here . wanna talk to he ? oh. yeah . okay . sound good . Jimmy fake hang up . click he tongue as though digest . he 's have some time to work on he aura of calm now , but the crack be still slightly visible . he pace to the fridge -- jimmy this be gonna blow you mind . 35 . eli what ? jimmy it 's fuck up down there . like -- all hand on deck bad . this spill ? it 's gonna take like four to six day to clean up . that 's pull round the clock shift -- eli do they catch the guy ? jimmy who ? eli the guy who break in . jimmy oh. uh. no. I dunno . but listen . dad 's gonna be down there all night tonight and non-stop -- the next couple day work on this . eli take this in . huh. consider what this mean ... jimmy and he say . this be what he say to I -- he do not want you around here unsupervise cause a bunch of trouble . wo not have it . eli yeah , that sound like dad -- jimmy he be talk about do some , ah . ask I to look into some after-school type thing for you -- like a daycare thing -- eli daycare ?? I be twelve , I be not -- Jimmy hold up a finger -- jimmy I talk to he . it be not easy , as you know -- cause he 's not exactly super happy with I either . ( then ) I tie it into we whole thing . I , he and you . we be in a state . 36 . jimmy ( cont 'd ) and in term of family now , it 's just we . like . I have be away , you have be work hard at school and -- ( guess ) -- it 's be a minute since we do anything like -- you know . bond . eli 's listen . not disagreeing but wait for the point -- jimmy so. ( then ) I say maybe it have be good for we to all take a little ... vacation . eli slow . take in this development . Jimmy 's into he pitch now . it take he a second -- but he 's pretty convincing ... eli like . all of we ? jimmy yeah , man ! I you and dad . well . just you and I at first -- since he 's get he thing to deal with , but yeah -- a little road trip , you know ? and then , dad '' 1ll -- Jimmy strain . holding together the lie become hard with this next part -- jimmy -- he 'il meet we there . eli meet we where ? jimmy you remember that cottage we all use to go to near Lake tahoe ? the one we use to rent out on summer ? it be a while ago . eli a little . jimmy you be pretty young . perfect hideaway , I be think . 37 . ext . i- 75 - continuous a scary ass delta 88 and a cutlass ciera cut past we . Flying . en route for the caniff exit ramp . inside the latter , pack in along a new group of peer , Taylor and he entire crew be load bullet into clip . int . hrobsky home - kitchen - continuous eli dad 's cool with this ? -- and so Jimmy make he final gambit ... jimmy yeah , man . you wanna call he -- ask he yourself ? go ahead . +. Jimmy offer eli he cell phone . eli take it ... jimmy head up , though -- I think I might just go either way . I have be lock inside too many small room for too damn long . ( then ) so you want adventure or chore ? you call . moment of truth . eli eye the phone in he hand ... «+. and do not call . hand it back to Jimmy . who clap . jimmy get you shit . five minute . go. eli now ? jimmy let 's go ! eli move . Jimmy watch he go ... the veil recede . int . eli be room - night eli set to it . he stuff a couple shirt , sock , tooth - brush into he backpack -- 38 . int . hrobsky home - basement - night Jimmy tug a old trunk free from storage . pull it open to find -- clothing . a little date but whatever . boot . shade . int . eli 's room - night eli drop down to peer beneath the bed . at the duffle bag . he consider . bring it or no ... eli do . begins to pack over the weapon . int . hrobsky home - basement - night Jimmy search out a satchel . stuff the pistol in first . then the black garbage bag . then clothing . whatever fit -- ext . hrobsky home - night angle : eli 's backpack and the duffle bag with the weapon be toss in the truck next to Jimmy 's satchel -- he strain -- jimmy damn , eli . bring you whole room -- moment later : Jimmy 's gun it away . hal' truck a set of tail - light just as -- the camera loiter -- pan -- to the other side of the block . the opposite direction ... two sets of headlight come tearing around the far corner . the delta and cutlass come thundering up . int . hrobsky home - night the front door be kicked OPEN . Taylor enter , still blood spatter , drag he leg along now , with EIGHT more cronies at he side . it 's quiet . taylor toss this shit . snick ( 20 ) , a biker prospect look type , step forward -- ext . hrobsky home - continuous angle : pulling slowly off the porch as the sound of destruction begin . as everything in this well - love home be smashed . louder and -- 39 . ext . derelict shipping site - night silence . and we return to this monstrosity of a structure . the massive chamber where eli first stumble across the weapon . and we be not alone . two figure move into frame . Silent . eerie . hard to make out in the darkness -- one of they toss a fistfull of what look like marble into the air -- where they stay . mechanical . hovering . then . they fan out . illuminating the darkness . and we reveal : the two figure be wear the same type of other -worldly armor we see on the alien body eli discover here earlier . we will call this figure the cleaners . and we can take a guess as to what they be look for . they move through the space , each use scanning device as they go . one slow -- key a command in and -- footstep in gravel and dust illuminate . eli 's footstep . several of the marble - like device swoop in overhead , slow -- tracing eli 's footpath forward . to the elevator shaft -- int . derelict shipping site - elevator shaft - night one of the cleaner drop straight down to the bottom . a whirrr sound from he mechanized boot . SHOCK support -- the cleaner turn . no sign of the weapon -- int . derelict shipping site - exit - night the other cleaner approach a window . look out through break glass . over distant city light and the rest of our world ... int / ext . hal be truck - freeway - iowa - pre-dawn hal' truck sail past we into wide horizon of midwest farm - — land . the distance beginning to glow . a new day on approach . Jimmy 's at the wheel , look like straight up death . a face that 's clearly just drive through the night . his expression a void . his eye lose . alone with proverbial blood on he hand . eli sleep peacefully , riding shotgun . 40 . int / ext . hal be truck - freeway - iowa - later the truck jostle a moment and eli stir . groggy . lift he head up off the hoodie he be use as a pillow -- jimmy rise and shine . welcome to Iowa ... eli look up . see infinite expanse of farmland . that 's it . jimmy .-- home of , ah -- field ? lot of field ... the amish , maybe ? I dunno . ( see , up ahead ) and ... oh shit ... int . super truck stop - day Jimmy enter , smile -- eli follow close behind -- jimmy all - in - one trucker paradise cove . this place be really weird but awesome . need a shower ? nap ? fifty different type of jerky ? they get you . Jimmy point as he go . eli take the strangeness of this place in ... like a sprawling compound for crazy ... jimmy most importantly though -- Jimmy halt at the sight of this place' ancient arcade . jimmy fully functional old school arcade . int . super truck stop - arcade - day Jimmy and eli be play the terminator 2 arcade game . you remember it . do not even lie . Jimmy 's enthralled ... jimmy you gotta picture come up to this thing in 94 at like a roller rink or something -- a game that have Machine gun you could use to shoot evil cyborg -- eli do not really get it . and maybe he 's get a point . in truth , it really have not age well ... 41 . jimmy -- this thing give I sooooo many nightmare , I be tell you . eli really ? Jimmy shove a fist full of quarter into eli 's hand . jimmy here . take over . I have gotta grab something from the truck -- ext . super truck stop - day Jimmy 's hoisted a clunky toolbox out of hal 's extend cab . reaching for a screwdriver , he cross the lot -- cautious . he move for a car park in silence around the side -- -- lean down fast and begin unscrew its plate . int . super truck stop - check - out - a short time later Jimmy now grip a carton of smoke , energy drink and a bag of chip on the counter . he turn as eli walk up -- jimmy what would you get ? -- eli toss in a bag of combos and a 20 oz coke . Jimmy pay hurriedly with a new hundred dollar bill -- eli idle , meanwhile , look into a nearby dining area -- where a family of four , a mother , father and two son right around eli 's age , be eat together . gabbing . very likely also on vacation . but in a way that tell we : this be a happy , functional family . the moment 's interrupted as Jimmy slap eli 's combos and soda into he hand -- jimmy C ’mon -- the open road be call . int . tatter house - kitchen - day angle : we be move up the short hallway en route toward 's Taylor 's gross and disgusting kitchen . taylor -- with he leg crudely bandage , be seat atop he batter , cigarette burn table , face away from we . 42 . the curtain be close . Light from outside fight its way in via jagged sliver here and there -- what sound at first like loud breaths come from Taylor become sob . weird whimper gasping out between -- we move around he now until we can see he face . tear and hurt and loss swilling outward past bloodshot eye and a tweaker 's stare . Taylor stand , pace -- movement erratic . grow moreso . cage . until he turn , explode -- flip he table -- as it cartwheel we CUT to -- int / ext . hal be truck - iowa freeways - day Jimmy and eli drive . traversing the featureless endlessness that be this section of the country . music plays . eli wear a pair of what look like hal 's sunglass . eat combos . the silence gnaw a little at Jimmy , check the rear view again , and then -- jimmy so . you get a girlfriend ? eli look at he . shrug . jimmy that 's either the best or worst response that 's ever be give to that question . ( beat ) do you really not know ? eli look at Jimmy . eli it 's none of you business . jimmy but I be family . you can share that shit with I -- ( eli stay quiet ) do not get I wrong -- I would be up for tell you about my love life , but I just get out of prison . all my shit range from uncomfortable to downright terrifying . no ? ( still nothing ) suit yourself -- so there be this Spanish guy , right ? spanish-ish . 43 . jimmy ( cont 'd ) name rafi -- who keep sneaking I smoke all the time and I be like , why 's this guy be so nice to I ? one day I be in the shower , mind my own business and he come up to I all like -- ( sleezy ) yo man , ay . gimme a back rub , son . and I be like -- eli ( interrupt ) ahh -- stop . please . just stop -- Jimmy look at eli. beat . shit-eate grin flash forward again . eli , annoyed , go back to he combos -- jimmy you do not wanna hear the rest a ’my story ? it 's get a happy end -- ( beat , grin ) -- get it ? be you old enough to get that ? eli look at Jimmy . beat . after a moment , eli shake he head and grin . outside , they pass a sign : welcome to nebraska ! ext . HOTEL - rural nebraska - dusk angle : we be park . carefully around the side out of view from the road . Jimmy reach into he satchel for the black plastic bag fill with money -- he make sure eli 's not watch , remove a couple hundred . jimmy ( pre -lap ) go to town . Sky 's the limit . int . vending machine - HOTEL - rural nebraska - dusk Jimmy and eli be stand in front of a vend machine . eli I have combos for lunch -- jimmy Heaven right ? c’mon . candy bar for dinner . go nut . eli yeah ... uh . I be not six . ( nod to the machine ) 44 , eli ( cont 'd ) you know all this stuff be bad for you , right ? like . there 's zero nutritional value here -- -- Jimmy 's distract . listen to the sound of police siren in approach . holding until they pass . Jimmy watch a highway patrol car race by the hotel -- and it 's gone . Jimmy see that eli notice the whole thing . offer a smile . jimmy Old habit . ( then , turn ) alright . Fine . kid want a kale salad apparently . let 's go , Jenny Craig . Jimmy motion eli along . out into the lot . jimmy ( pre - lap ) how many can you do ? I be serious -- int . HOTEL room - night Jimmy and eli in the hotel room . dinner aftermath be everywhere . Jimmy 's pull from a fifth of whiskey . drunk . eli I dunno , as many as I want . jimmy no , like -- I be talk about in a row . all in a row . eli shrug . Jimmy swig , motion to the room in front of they . jimmy now 's you chance , man . go , go , go ! eli smile , beat . eli twenty buck if I make it to six . jimmy pssh . fifty . eli accept . cross -- and begins do cartwheel across the room . spectacularly drop kick a lamp in pass . Jimmy spit take as it hit a wall , smashes -- eli look -- relieved to find that Jimmy think this be hilarious , then pause -- sense it . eli cross -- 45 . jimmy ( reach ) the hotel 's gonna want they cut 'a this fifty -- be warn ... Jimmy watch eli as he reach for he coat pocket and the inhaler inside -- eli use it . laugh . take a breath -- int . HOTEL room - bathroom - night with the shower run , eli 's bring the duffle bag into the bathroom . the weapon be out and turned on . eli 's use the targeting system to take aim at different object -- -- eli 's hand graze the trigger a moment . do not pull . curiosity grow . eli eyeball the weapon in he hand . what be you ? on the leave side of the gun , along the lower barrel , eli spot a blink GREEN node . not a trigger , something else -- -- cautiously , he run he finger across it -- kr-shrrr-vrrrp . the weapon jolt in he hand as he do . two sleek appendage extend sideways like recoil dampener -- -- the barrel shorten . like a sawed off shotgun -- eli hold a moment in awe of this thing 's self - adjust design . tries it again -- and the weapon take on yet another configuration . different mode . insane . int . HOTEL room - later eli exit the bathroom , the weapon inside the duffle again . washed up , ready for bed . he look -- Jimmy 's pass out on he bed . the empty fifth now dangle from he fingertip . but -- leave out on the table stand : be a pair of chuck taylors maybe one size too big . beat . eli look this gift over -- a note on hotel stationary read : hooked you up as promised . big brother . eli grin . look to Jimmy -- and spot he pack satchel at the base of nightstand . poke into view be the corner of a frame picture . eli move closer and pull it into view ... 46 . ... it 's a familiar framed photo . the image of a younger hal with he arm around Jimmy 's mother . Jimmy must have swipe it from the live room before they leave . eli look to Jimmy , pass out -- why would he have this ? ext . HOTEL room - dawn angle : eli 's foot , clad in that chuck . stepping out of the room , close the door behind . they be a pretty good fit -- ext . HOTEL room - wandering - moment later eli move through the space in early morning light . weaving through modest corridor of close door -- eli slow -- -- find himself on the second floor . look down into a courtyard where a batter elderly groundskeeper be skim the hotel 's tiny pool . the groundskeeper look up , see eli . groundskeeper Morning . up with the sunrise , huh ? eli shrug . the groundskeeper eye he a moment . smile . groundskeeper there 's never enough time in the day , be I right ? the groundskeeper go back to he work -- eli watch he go , then sit , he leg dangle through the railing -- int . HOTEL room - late morning pierce white light stab through window even with the curtain draw . eli 's shaking Jimmy to wake up . eli Jimmy . Jimmy . Jimmy stir . eye puffy and red and hungover -- groggy -- jimmy hmmmm ? wha ? eli we be suppose to check out twenty minute ago . dammit . Jimmy mumble , incoherent . fumble for the truck key . 47 . jimmy uh. Kay . pull the truck around and I will be right out . eli I can not drive . jimmy sure you can . eli no. like -- I do not know how . Jimmy open one eye at eli , wiping away a eyelash booger . ext . dirt lot behind the HOTEL - morning Jimmy , look like death behind he sunglass -- smoke and grip a black coffee like a lifeline . satchel be at he foot -- jimmy now the trick to perfect the neutral slam -- eli 's behind the wheel of hal 's truck just ahead . revving it . jimmy be not panic when you drop it into gear ! crank the wheel to you leave , and keep you foot on the gas no matter what ! do not be scared ! ( be : engine revving ) no matter what happen ! more ! eli do . he 's in neutral . revs the engine into the red -- eli like this ?? be you serious ? jimmy just trust I , okay ?! hold it and -- eli look to the dash . hal' truck engine like a snarling monster at the brink -- eli jimmy now ? now ! eli throw it into drive . hold the wheel left as the truck lunge forward and sprays gravel -- fishtailing away -- Jimmy , behind he , dodging the cloud of dust that 's kick up in eli 's wake as he tear away behind the wheel . 48 . do 40 mph doughnut . a cloud of dust kicking up around the truck . angle : eli at the wheel of hal 's truck . the world a whirling blur . slow motion . eli hang on , have the time of he life while grip the wheel . ext . wyoming - rural freeway - day hal 's truck , cover in dust now , sail past a sign : welcome to wyoming ! we be on smaller roadway now . discreet travel . eli , with he window roll down , take the sting of whipping air against he finger in and see -- out the window : a crop duster match pace with eli and Jimmy in the air above -- spraying farmland dot by wind turbine which pass like loom giant -- a aerial dance -- -- and eli watch , enthralled . ext . busted up trailer - trailer park - rockies - day we be most definitely not in Wyoming . overgrown reed threaten to devour a half - collapse and rusted out number tethere to the underbelly of a colorado rocky mountain . who know which one -- -- knock -knock -knock -knock -knock -knock -knock -— int . busted up trailer - continuous bonnie ( 20 ) a rough and rural - look glam rock enthusiast with a big black eye be banging away on this unit 's close back bedroom door -- bonnie you still owe I rent , bitch ! the door jostle and open to reveal the face of milly ( young 30 ) , beautiful . even have just - crawle - out -of -bed . beat . bonnie really ? who the hell sleep in this late ? milly vampire . ( then ) what do you want ? 49 . bonnie Lee 's on the phone and he say you be not pick up . milly anti-respond . bonnie he say he need you to come in and tell I to remind you about what happen the last time you avoid he -- ( off milly 's look ) please do not put I between you and that psychopath again . he do not want to hear it -- in bonnie 's eye now we see fear flash . milly take this in -- specifically bonnie 's eye -- and hold ... ext . busted up trailer - trailer park - rockies - day milly , sport massive sunglass , a short skirt and cowboy boot , exit the trailer with a gym bag over she shoulder -- -- head for the access road beyond as a farmer' truck pass , then slow and reverse -- farmer head to work ? milly hey Memphis , yeah ... memphis well jump on in . something mean 's blow in from the east we do not wanna get catch in it -- milly climb in and they be off . ext . colorado - denver - dusk denver in approach from the east be not unlike approach a outpost at the edge of the world . hal 's truck blows past US with Jimmy and eli inside . out ahead , the rockies loom tall . ext . rocky mountain - side of freeway - night eli and Jimmy have pull over . both brother stand off to the side of the road , take a leak . 50 . jimmy I be sack . what do you think ? should we call it in the rocky ? eli nod , zipping up . move for hal 's truck . a think come to Jimmy . he call over he shoulder -- jimmy what do you think of performance art ? you like that kinda thing ? ext . mineshaft - side lot - night pulse music echoe . eli stand alone in a parking lot light by neon sign . Jimmy , stand across the lot at the side door of what 's obviously a strip club , be discretely counting out a few hundred and hand it all over to a bouncer type . after a moment the guy nod . open the door wider for Jimmy , who whistle to eli and wave he over ... int . the mineshaft - strip club - night this place be everything you would expect a place name the mineshaft to be . local dig and local dregs . Mountain girl with curvy , freckle edge and smile pass a wide - eye eli . none be wear clothes . eli be you sure this be okay ? Jimmy , with the satchel at he side , take a shot with a beer . jimmy definitely a million percent . eli look around , there be maybe five customer in here max . that and a booth of cowboy - type in the faraway corner . jimmy here . Jimmy 's pull out a large wad of singles . wink . hand they to eli . jimmy for the girl ! eli accept , confuse , not sure what exactly he 's suppose to do with this money but play as though he do . 51 . jimmy ( grin ) you do know that 's the whole point of this place , right ? you give the money to the girl . or you favorite girl -- a scantily clad redhead stroll up -- girl you want a dance , honey ? jimmy just get settle , maybe ina minute ? she nod , depart , eli sheepish as she pass , take out he inhaler and puff as he watch she to go -- Jimmy grin -- jimmy you okay there ? eli it 's my asthma . jimmy you heart rate 's up . it happen . Jimmy maintain he grin , eli defensively hide the inhaler . aware of the fact that it do not help he street cre . he look , pocket the cash Jimmy just give he -- eli dad would not be happy about this . ( be : around ) you talk to he today ? jimmy ( watch the dancer ) we texted . he be crash out , have -- two back - to- back all - nighter . he say hi and that we would better be behave . I tell he we be ... ( smile to a pass girl ) +. drink you coke , man . watch the show , it 's what we be here for . above , the light dim for the next act . music start . ahead : the batter contour of this building give way to a antiquated stage . perfect for what happen next -- as a young woman step into view -- the kind that shut you up . 52 . it 's milly . from the earlier scene . a pistol in go - go short now , in costume , she eye electric under stage- light . move under the sway of the music -- she clothing depart one article at a time . and so it go . and she see -- eli and Jimmy . watch she , stupefy . Jimmy -- finish he beer , signal for another , watch -- he look at eli -- jimmy ( over the music ) I like she ! she seem nice ! int . private booth - in back - later cuT to : a private dance . milly and Jimmy up close . Jimmy 's buzzing , milly 's green cat eye work they charm -- milly so who 's that with you ? jimmy my little brother . ( she eye this ) adopted . obviously . but -- brother . milly he 's be out there himself a while -- jimmy he 's a twelve - year - old surround by a endless supply of pop and half naked woman , he 's just fine -- ( grin ) -- what 's you name ? she smile back . not even about to tell he that . jimmy no wait . I can guess . sparkle . milly maintain that grin . jimmy sparkle ? I be Jimmy . milly hi Jimmy . jimmy I be gonna be direct with you , sprinkle , I have a lot of money on I . 53 . jimmy ( cont 'd ) tonight I be gonna get really drunk and my brother 's gonna get really caffeinate and it would be awesome if you would join we . milly maintain she smile . do not say anything back , but ... int . the mineshaft - night shot . shot . shot . coca -cola for eli . milly 's join Jimmy and eli in they booth . Jimmy 's fly , toast -- jimmy cheer ! to the hrobsky brother . on the road and make new friend !! the commotion Jimmy 's cause start to draw attention . that group of cowboy - type in the faraway booth be get a good look at he ... we hone in : on one particular guy in they midst . built . this be lee ( 5as ) , rugge with deep - sink eye . cuT to : Jimmy do another round . this time with nearly every dancer in here . a whole lineup of scantily clad woman -- jimmy to the lady of the mineshaft ! int . the mineshaft - jimmy & eli' table - later while Jimmy drink and flirt with another dancer , milly chat up eli . she 's throw a shall across she shoulder . both be now sip coke . eli seventh grade . next year . milly that 's a big year -- eli where would you go to school ? milly look eli over . like this kid , the old - soul quality about eli . emerging now that he 's get use to this place . milly where I be from . eli Colorado ? 54 . milly 's accent be more Carolina -bent . milly maybe . maybe not . maybe I be pass through like you . ( beat ) where you guy go ? eli a cottage . near tahoe . we use to go there before my mom die . milly regards that , nod . look . at Jimmy -- milly and you dad let you get in a car with this crazy guy ? eli I guess -- jimmy ( overhear that ) I will let you know this be only he first gentleman 's club -- he 's here to become a man . we be do life lesson . Jimmy throw that imperceptible wink at eli again . grin . the other dancer reel Jimmy back in -- milly look at eli ... milly be it work ? you feel manly now ? eli smile , but no . milly nod . approve of this kid now -- milly I will let you in on something . ( lean in close ) walk into a strip club never make anybody a man , ever . you brother 's fun but he 's just as much a boy as you be . do not tell he I say that . eli look to Jimmy . laugh at some joke . do yet another shot -- a voice call out to milly . she 's up again next song . milly ( smile at eli ) be good . eli blushes . milly turn to go -- 55 . eli oh. hey ! milly slow , look back -- to see eli 's pull the cash Jimmy give he out of he pocket . all in a big tangle wad . eli this be for you . eli give milly the clump of money -- in she hand -- and the transaction be exactly as awkward as you can expect . milly ... thanks . other dancer ( leave as well ) I 'il be back . Jimmy nod . he and eli alone again for a moment . jimmy have fun ? eli nod . watch milly go . Jimmy light up a cigarette and let the music take hold of the scene a beat . a comfortable silence in the tradition of Vincent and Mia . then . eli look at Jimmy , curious about something . eli how come you go to jail ? Jimmy look at eli mid-drag , consider . exhales and ash . jimmy Grand theft auto . it 's get a ring to it , huh ? ( eli nod ) that and a few other thing . eli like what ? jimmy stuff you be too young to hear . eli accord to you , I be old enough to be in here -- Jimmy grin . touche . but still -- he 's not say . so. eli -- after a moment ... look to Jimmy and ... 56 . eli I do not get a girlfriend . beat . Jimmy perk up . smile . break down barrier . ash . eli the girl at my school be . they be nice . but. um. ( beat ) I do not know . I just do not talk to many kid in my grade . jimmy Lone wolf , huh ? eli shrug . eli I do not know . I just -- never feel like I fit in ... anywhere . Jimmy slow . stew on the implication of that . toast small in he rapidly accelerate drunk state . jimmy cheer to that . beat . he let the topic go -- eli what 's with you and dad ? jimmy with we ? eli he never talk about you much . when he do he 's always grumpy . and he never take I to visit you . jimmy would you have want to ? Jimmy look at eli who shrug . Jimmy adjust in he seat . pick at he coat as though search for lint a moment ... jimmy the trouble between I and he , you know , it go back to before you be even in the picture ... Jimmy look at eli. slow . smile a little more and shrug ... 57 . jimmy I do not think he ever see himself in I . he be on one level , I be on another -- ( beat ) -- I have a thing for get into trouble only make it worse . Jimmy send eli a look . the liquor now shine in he eye . jimmy by the time I be in my teens we have we whole thing -- I mean the entirety of we relationship -- down to a sad science . it be argument and scream and throw shit with mom cry -- ( Jimmy slow ) telling he to go easy on I , then he throw I out of the house , call I a lose cause and whatnot . his eye suddenly search inward now . he slow . toast . jimmy «+. until one day I wake up a long way from home and I be one . we just could not have be -- ( bump fist ) -- more different . Jimmy stop . emotion rattles up in he gaze . beat . he look away . silence . force a smile but -- he 's angry . jimmy what be we even talk about this shit for ? we be on vacation -- why be we digging up a buncha depress shit from back home ? I be -- music start ... Jimmy 's search for distraction . sees. milly . back on stage . jimmy ( pound he drink ) perfect . sprinkler be up . I be gonna go cut a fuckin rug with she . Jimmy jolt up out of he chair -- eli 's perplexion over this response turn to worry as -- eli Jimmy -- 58 . up on stage : milly look , see Jimmy staggering this way . eye dead set on join she -- Jimmy move to climb up the low seat to the stage when -- he 's grabbed . by two of the cowboy type from the booth . pull Jimmy down and whirling he right into the face of -- lee . who 's give Jimmy a perplex but unnerve smile -- beat . Jimmy look at he . sloppy now . smile right back -- jimmy fuck I , it 's lyle lovett -- lee Lee , actually . I own this club . jimmy Nice place , lyle . do you mind ? I be try to join the lady on stage -- lee we do not allow johns on the stage . beat . Jimmy eye he a moment . grin . wink at Lee -- jimmy ah . I get you -- ( reach ) well how about -- Jimmy proffer a crumpled , gnarled hundre . drunk . wand it around in Lee 's face like a asshole -- jimmy you and you friend just look the other way . go on . buy yourselves a nice round of sarsaparillas -- eli -- across the room , can not hear what 's be say but can sense the energy turn bad -- cautiously get up -- milly , on stage , have approach to assert calm -- milly Lee , I get it -- he will siddown -- lee shut you fuckin mouth , milly . and that 's a scary order that 's just come from Lee . he 's dead - stare Jimmy now . all the cordiality go . danger visible ... 59 . lee look at you . make joke like that in my bar . how big be you ball , son ? pretty large ? jimmy let I on stage and I 'il show you . lee what if I just kick you tooth in ? okay . this be real . this be about to happen -- and Jimmy -- it 's scary to say , but in a way , he want this fight . jimmy you could . you really could ... ( think on it ... ) «+. will not help you with that sting above you nose , though . Jimmy lurch forward and head - butt Lee between the eye . Lee scream and go toppling backward and immediately -- -- the beat commence . five cowboy type swarm Jimmy and -- begin pummelling he . eli 's jaw dropping . already cautiously approach , eli come rushing up . milly try to intervene , get knocked down as a result -- Jimmy 's gang stomped -- a total shitshow break out -- eli stop ! stop ! let he g -- eli 's grab . hoisted into the air and carry . kicking and scream for Jimmy -- eli 's able to watch as he brother vanish behind a flurry of boot and pummelling -- eli let I go ! get off I -- lemme -— - eli 's jettison from the bar . the door shut . and we remain in here with Jimmy as he 's brutalize -- customer whoop -- dancer recoil -- Jimmy 's hoist up onto he knee -- Lee , blood stream down he face from the headbutt , step in and start working Jimmy over -- a ugly scene get worse and worse until -- the sound of the weapon powering up be hear over the music . head turn . Jimmy barely conscious -- look up to see -- 60 . eli . have re-enter . the weapon be in he hand . power up and humming and menacing . silence . every face in the bar now take in the sight of what look like a kid with some kind of video game toy -- eli let he go . right now . eli 's shaking to piece . terrify . but hold he ground ... Lee spit , smile . turn -- a couple snicker follow . eli take this in , look to Jimmy -- swivel the weapon toward a pool table and --- blaaaaaaamm ! literally explode the fucking thing . blasting its fiery gut straight through a nearby wall -- a ENERGY blast . scream erupt -- everyone thrown -- even eli recoil -- -- backward in flabbergasted shock . flaming debris spew -- music stop -- eli 's get they attention now -- grip a weapon the like of which this people have never see -- and -- Jimmy be dropped . collapse to the floor -- heaving , a mess -- milly spring forward . helping Jimmy up in shocked silence -- Lee watch angrily as the trio hobble for the exit -- lee ( to milly ) bitch , where the hell do you think you be go ? ext . mineshaft - minute later hal' truck start up , pull out fast -- milly 's at the wheel and eli , still grip the gun , watch as -- -- the other dancer who be sit with they earlier race out into the lot . gripping milly 's gym bag . she hurl it into the back of hal 's truck as it roar past out of the lot -- other dancer hope you know what you be do , mill ! 61 . ext . rockies - back road - night and hal' truck race past -- jimmy ( pre - lap ) stop -- stop the truck -- now -- ext . back country - grazing field - colorado - night headlights break the surreal silence of high - mountain cattle country -- milly pull over ... the extend cab door jolt open and Jimmy , look like half - mashed shit , tumble out . White as a sheet -- stumble off a few step . stop . milly follow Jimmy out , eli too -- milly hey ! get back in , we gotta -- jimmy no -- milly you need to get to a hospital -- Jimmy 's stare at eli -- point -- to the weapon -- jimmy what the fuck be that ?!? eli it 's a gun . jimmy that be not a gun . gun shoot bullet -- that thing just explode a goddam pool table -- ( freaking out ) what be it ?? where do you get it ?? eli I find it . in this old warehouse where I would be go for scrap ... jimmy you find that in a vacant ? ( nevermind , cross ) let I see . Jimmy grab the weapon and yank it away before eli can protest . still wobble . he begin fiddling with it -- 62 . milly Jimmy . you be drunk and you might have a concussion -- I do not think -- jimmy I be f-fine . just wanna look -- Jimmy hoist the weapon up . aim sloppily at a nearby hay roll use for cattle graze -- pull the trigger -- instantly , the weapon seize -- make a alert SOUND -- -- glow a burning red and -- Jimmy scream . yelp . drop the weapon . throw it down -- hand singe -- wave they off fast , cursing -- jimmy the hell -- Jimmy look at eli . not understanding . then to milly -- milly maybe it do not like you . jimmy you try then . milly I be not touch that thing . beat . Jimmy 's rub he hand . eli cross , slow and -- pick it up again . sotto. look at Jimmy . unburn . jimmy so it like you just fine , huh ? eli I tell you , I just find it . I do not even know what it could do until back there . jimmy have a pretty good idea though , do not you ? beat . Jimmy hold there in stunne disbelief . turn . eye large hay-roll ... jimmy do not just stand there , let 's see it again -- in action . go on . he the 63. eli blink . look to milly then back to Jimmy . activate the weapon , aim -- and blows the hayroll into a sky - bear tuft of ember , some of the hay on FIRE -- fuck awesome -- Jimmy recoil , and despite he injury and state -- whoops . jimmy ( point to another ) well do not stop there , man -- eli take in he older brother 's floor but wow expression and grin as well . okay . take aim and blast the hell out of another one -- Jimmy cackle -- look at eli , impressed -- jimmy I can not believe you just leave that in the back of the truck -- eli what ? you want I walk around with it ? beat . and Jimmy halt mid-thought . remember -- whirl , look back down the road -- begin stumbling -- jimmy oh no . please , no , no , no , no , no -- milly what ? Jimmy ! what ? jimmy my bag . the satchel I be carry . all my money 's in it -- I leave it at the table -- everyone exchange look . milly how much be we talk ? jimmy I dunno -- 60 ? 70 ? thousand ... eli look to Jimmy -- surprised -- milly thousand ?? in a satchel ? ext . the mineshaft - night smolder smoke still waft out of this place now . a crime scene . firemen linger but appear to be wrapping state troopers loiter , try to look badass . morgan hunter ( 40s ) , poise , dress up as though for a out on the town -- pull up in a unmark crown vic . she get out . High heel click . badge a officer to past police tape . her badge be FBI . a man approach -- ( 30 ) , she partner . morgan I be on a date , you know that ? first one since New York . jake be it go well ? Morgan eye he . scan the set -- morgan we cooking meth on the dance floor ? jake statement recount a argument with a disgruntled customer that lead to a fight -- and end with gunfire . morgan okay ? jake of some kind . ( point ) the most consistent description of what be fire have be a bazooka . perhaps a rocket launcher . which be why we be here . Morgan look at he . perplex . rocket launcher ? morgan any casualty ? jake just a pool table . 64 . up . night get jake Jake nod to a ambulance nearby . lee , flanke by peer , he nose break , be get patch up by a paramedic . jake see he ? that 's Lee Jacobs . owner of this place . guy get a rep . prostitution , gambling , suspect of worse . 65 . jake ( cont 'd ) this can be a scary place for a girl to work -- which be why I be not surprised that none of they security camera be hook up . ( beat ) you be look good in that dress by the way ... Morgan snicker . asshole . and the two step forward into -- int . the mineshaft - continuous -- the aftermath of eli 's damage . the remain of the pool table be everywhere -- mostly visible through the scorched wall behind the spot where it use to be . Morgan take in the scope of this . step up to the damage . morgan be not a rocket launcher . maybe something home-made , but -- ( beat ) that 's a scary think . see this burn ... the way they -- ( point ) -- ebb like that , consistent stop and start pattern -- no clear projectile entry point , just -- ( then ) almost look like a chemical burn , but -- no residue , noxious fume -- okay . this have its hook in she . Morgan look to Jake . morgan this be the part where I pray that a room full of people in a strip club with no work camera -- be at least able to provide description of the shooter . jake the shooter be a boy . 12 - ish . if you can believe that . African american -- with -- ( check he note ) a older male , late 20 , caucasian . and apparently a dancer on staff , also 20 , leave with they . morgan hostage ? 66 . jake seem she go willingly . morgan that will make they distinct as far as travel companion go . she turn . eye the damage one more time -- morgan see what you can dig up on the pair . the two male . both of they move to leave -- morgan we will need this area seal off . no one . not a soul allow inside . ext . faraway incline - rockies - continuous angle : we be look out over the crime scene that 's cropped up outside the mineshaft . on a adjacent incline . look out over this via some kind of tactical eye - piece -- -- Morgan and Jake exit the structure . walk -and-talk . they face , bio-signature and vital stat be logged -- reveal : we be watch this through the Pov of the cleaners . through they helmet . surveying and scan the scene ... int . HOTEL - colorado - middle of nowhere - night a creepy hotel in the middle of nowhere . eli sit nearby , uneasy in the shadowy lobby , while Jimmy and milly stand at the front desk -- Jimmy 's count out all the cash he 's get . cashier it will be 46.82 . Jimmy smile through crusting cut and swollen bruise as he dig through pocket . the cashier regards he . unimpress . jimmy forty ... six ... hang in there ... int . HOTEL room - night a dump of a room . Jimmy 's in the nearby bathroom . eli and milly share the small table . milly 's eyeing the weapon -- 67 . -- sit out and open on the bed nearby , silent , until -- -- shrk-clack ! it jolt into standby mode . she jump . the hardened shield exterior snap into place over it -- eli it do that . here . milly look up . eli 's offer she some more of the sprite they be split . she nod -- he pour . as he do -- she spot -- the ugly scar on eli 's forearm . beat . then she motion . milly where would you get that ? on you arm . eli look . down to he forearm . cover it , awkward . eli from my parent . original one . milly 's smile drift a minute -- but maintain . polite . milly Mom or dad ? eli I do not know . I be a baby -- milly ( be : Jimmy ) and that 's how you wound up with -- eli ( nod ) -- from a shelter . they get I when I be a couple month old . milly nod . can sense the residual heartache in that . shift , tug at the sleeve of the hoodie she 's borrow from Jimmy -- milly ( pull it back ) my parent give I this for cry ... I be about three . she 's reveal a small set of dime - size scar on the back of she hand . cigarette burn . beat . milly sometimes people who be not ready to have kid have they anyway . 68 . eli you be adopt too ? milly just a regular old runaway . I leave home when I be about ... three year older than you ? be on the move ever since . ( hold up two finger ) my whole life , I have have to say peace to pretty much everyone I meet . sad , but . the way it go . eli 's quiet . do not know what to say to the think of that . milly ( shrug , be : Jimmy ) be this step - dad of yours like he ? eli no . no way . he 's like -- always serious , but . he 's okay . milly lean in closer , move eli 's hand from block it -- milly never hide a scar . it 's proof you have be place . done thing . eli smile . small . Jimmy exit the bathroom . shower and have make shoddy attempt to bandage he face -- jimmy how do I look ? milly ( grin , shake she head ) bad . should have let we take you to the hospital . jimmy no . no hospital . milly well -- you look hideous . ( rise ) let I have a go . int . HOTEL bathroom - moment later milly 's clean and re-dress Jimmy 's wound . one above he eye-brow , another on the side of he face , a few more atop he head -- Jimmy sit still , let she work -- 69 . jimmy so it 's milly , huh ? be that what you boss call you ? milly stay quiet . look at he . Jimmy smile . nod . a think come to he -- look milly over ... jimmy ( pre - lap ) so what 's you angle ? ext . HOTEL room - night Jimmy and milly smoke outside on they room 's shoddy stoop . Jimmy 's blotting he face with a plastic bag of hotel ice . milly look at he -- jimmy do not get I wrong . you seem nice , you be nice to my brother ... but you can not tell I you join we little party here out of the kindness of you heart . milly grin . still eyeing he . shake she head . milly you get I . the plan be to rip you off and bail in the middle of the night . oh wait . you be break . ( obvious beat ) all my evil plan be for nothing . jimmy I be just say you would not be the first girl to -- milly that happen to you a lot ? jimmy no , just -- ( change subject , motion ) -- we get wheel . you could be after that . milly ah . that 's right . you Michigan truck with nebraska plate on it . Jimmy slow . milly 's point he tone right back at he . 70 . milly remind I . which of we should be worried about the other have a angle ? jimmy I be just look , okay -- for a honest answer as to what you be after so we can both be on the same page . ( then ) that 's all . beat . milly look Jimmy over . a long moment . consider ... ++. and she nod . something in milly quiet a moment . milly I be stick there , alright ? no car , no way out . Lee have way of get girl he like to stay as long as he see fit . understand ? ( point ) the two - a ya . walk in and hand it to they be the first time I would see that happen and I figure I better not waste the opportunity . jimmy do he hurt you ? I mean , ever -- milly look at he . non-pluss . this be exactly what she do not want to get into . milly you want a honest answer , and I give you one . but I have get zero interest in be either save or pity by you . hear I ? ( then ) plus I jump in cause you be not scary . as in . if you do try anything funny I be pretty sure even I could take you in a fist fight . Jimmy take in the sight of she . can not help but admire it . raise he hand in mock surrender -- reach for the small cup of sprite he 's bring out with he . toast . jimmy to we bad apple . milly eye he , but oblige . 71 . milly that thing in there , you brother have ? you should be call someone about it . jimmy ( shake he head ) look . we can not go call people about it for the same reason I can not go to the hospital , which be the same reason there be nebraska plate on we truck . follow ? she look Jimmy over a long moment -- milly ( be : eli ) he 's a smart kid . whatever it be you have get he into -- he 's gonna figure it out . hope you be ready for that . silence . he know she 's right . shift in he foot . and for a moment , the weight he 's hold be visible -- she spot it . acquiesce . scan the lot -- a think hang in she eye . a angle . quiet . debate whether to say . milly what if I know a way to get you money back ? she waver a moment . look back to Jimmy ... milly and maybe more . ( hold ) if I tell you though , and this be if you even want to do it , because it will not be easy -- I want a cut of everything you get over the money you need return -- and you guy give I a ride west . milly hold . she 's serious . jimmy how far west ? milly until I tell you to stop and let I out . no question ask . whatever it be you be up to or run from ? 72 . milly ( cont 'd ) I do not want to know , and I expect the same courtesy . ( he nod ) you ever rob anybody ? jimmy a couple gas-station and a three series -- the latter 'a which I just finish a six year bid on . milly comfort . what about card game ? Lee run one outside leadville every other week . next one 's tomorrow and if he 's get you money , it 'il be there . and now , Jimmy 's digest that . very seriously so . milly oh . and there 's one other thing I would need . off Jimmy listen , we -- ext . HOTEL - colorado - parking lot - night eli and Jimmy be unload bag from the truck -- milly be visible through window ahead . pace , brush she tooth . jimmy I do not get the weirdness here -- I be ask you to do the same thing you do earlier back at that club -- eli that 's different -- eli 's very , very unsure . Jimmy see this -- jimmy no it 's not . this be get back what they steal from we -- what they steal from we by beat I up which be what force you to think fast , which force we to run . how be we suppose to be okay with that ? beat . Jimmy spun that good -- but eli 's still wary -- eli be silent , debate . 73 . eli I just do not wanna hurt anyone . jimmy we will not . that 's what I be say . scout 's honor . we scare they , but we do not hurt they . promise . promise . -- and eli hold . now weigh this . consider . nervous . jimmy hey . we have get a giant ray gun . they will be pissing in they pants . int . HOTEL - colorado - middle of nowhere - dawn eli wake . he 's on a roll - away cot . able to see through slat in the blind . the sun 's not yet up . eli sit , mind churn , look -- milly 's on one bed , Jimmy 's on the other . eli see -- Jimmy 's cell and key on the bed-stand . he quietly reach for they . ext . HOTEL - colorado - middle of nowhere - dawn eli 's in the driver 's seat . cell phone in hand . through the windshield , mountain roll away into forever . eli dial Jimmy 's cell . wait -- hope for a answer . hal' voicemail this be hal . try the office or leave a message . eli 's feature droop a little , but he listen for the beep . eli uh. hey dad . Jimmy say you be still busy . hope everything 's okay . ( turn ) we be in Colorado , so . there 's mountain everywhere . crazy . I guess , see you in tahoe . eli pause . a think come to he . eli I be sorry . about I steal , if . you know , you be still mad , and you still want I to make that phone call I will . okay . miss you . 74 . eli consider a bit longer . hang up . he look down to the key in he hand , up the road beyond . then back to the hotel room . wheel turn ... taylor ( pre - lap ) my brother -- pride himself on be a imperfect man ... int . the ripwire - dive bar - morning taylor and he crew , drink in silence -- pass various form of smokable and snortable contraband -- be gather around dutch 's body . laid out on a pool table like some kind of Viking funeral . Taylor 's up front , give a eulogy . taylor he have demon , bad habit ... but he spend every day of he life do exactly what he want to do . he put fear in he enemy , live and work alongside he family , and he never compromise . he step on the throat of that he feel deserve it . ( emotion ringing ) my brother dutch live he life -- pure . which be more than I can say for anyone else in this room . pure vitriol and rage be brim up Taylor 's gaze . so much so that even as he speak -- the effect become disquieting . int . tatter house - day taylor cook a skillet 's worth of burnt lunch . smoke over a filthy stove . strung out -- and stare hate at a neighbor 's mangy barking dog ... young grubby woman ( 0.c. ) tay -- Taylor look to he pistol nearby . back to the bark dog -- young grubby woman tay ! the young grubby woman be behind he , hold a mobile phone . young grubby woman the cell you take off the dead guy . it ring while you be out . 75 . Taylor dismiss the pistol . kill the oven heat and cross . walk now and from here forward with a visible limp -- -- Taylor take hal 's cell phone , look at it , see jimmy in recent call ... see that a new voicemail alert have come in . taylor tell snick we need he phone guy . int . department store - day a countrify walmart . Jimmy enter . move for the sport section -- five - finger discount glove , balaclavas ... int . cubicle - fed regional office - denver - day Morgan sip coffee , sorting through ballistic brief . her desk a raging jungle of hard copy -- flick through image on she desktop as well . a folder be slap down -- jake James hrobsky out of Michigan . 26 . suspect in the robbery and murder of harold hrobsky , he own father , site manager for a construction company . morgan alright ? jake suspect be miss , along with he adopt twelve year old brother -- ( eye she desk , sidebar ) you workspace be in a state -- Morgan flip through the file , find a xerox image of eli -- jake -- description of the father 's truck also match the make and model of the one drive by we shooter suspect -- morgan any mention of heavy weaponry ? Jake shake he head . motion to she desk , a little worried . jake and uh -- what be ... all this ? 76 . morgan ( be : the hardcopy ) Zero comp . at all . so . they leave Michigan shoot off -- ( check the file ) -- pistol , and somewhere between Chicago and Denver they get they hand on -- something you can fire in close quarter that have the destructive capacity of a tank but behave like -- ( search ) -- a concentrate energy discharge . Morgan look at Jake , who nod . Morgan 's clearly exhaust . jake so look . you be go home at a regular hour today , yeah ? we be do really well the other night . you be out on a date -- Morgan 's rise , search for she coat -- morgan we do not do anything . you be the reason it end early -- jake where be you go ? morgan back out to the strip club . jake you get cash on you ? I mean ? I have get change for a twenty -- listen . ( Morgan 's grin ) if you want to meet a good dude -- morgan -- that 's not what it 's about . she find she key -- jake companionship ? morgan honest truth ? ( she hold ) I just want a kid . ( you hear I ) 77 . morgan ( cont 'd ) fella 's welcome to hang out as long as he keep himself useful . jake really ? wow . that be cold ... morgan ( hand he the file ) circulate this , would you ? get it on tvs with a tipline . we need any and every bit of information we can get . int / ext . hal be truck - leadville - moving - night angle : on eli , watch the darken edifice of leadville pass outside the window . a mining town try and true . milly the back entrance will take you through the main corridor -- hallway to the mess hall 's on you leave . Jimmy and milly ride upfront . milly 's at the wheel . Jimmy grip he pistol -- eli eye this . jimmy so I can look scary like you . reassuring . Jimmy offer eli a balaclava and glove . put a set on himself -- look at eli ... jimmy boo. int / ext . hal be truck - livestock CENTER - night a massive auction complex . scuzzy . huge . hal 's truck kill its run light in faraway approach . slow then idle to a stop at the shipping gate . ahead : light across the place 's exterior shimmer . Silent . jimmy okay . we stay cool -- ( to milly , eli ) -- and in fifteen minute , we be gonna be back on the road with money in we pocket . ready ? you get this . Jimmy smile . nod to eli , pulse rise -- look to milly -- 78 . jimmy do not go nowhere -- she nod , and eli and Jimmy race off into the night . ext . livestock CENTER - continuous approach . balaclavas on . eli grip the weapon . slow at the gate . Jimmy scale first , eli slide the weapon underneath and climb next -- through the shipping lot . truck with a company emblem loiter . Silent . skirt to a stop at the shipping door , a back entrance . Jimmy move for a nearby window -- break it . glass pane fall inward to the floor . Jimmy and eli hold -- wait to see if there 's a response -- nothing . so Jimmy motion eli to stay put , shimmy inside , vanish . eli alone , heartbeat climb -- shk-click . the hardbolt unlatches on the nearby door . Jimmy appear , motion eli in , prop the door OPEN with a rock . int . loading garage - livestock CENTER - night it 's dark . the targeting system on eli 's weapon the only thing illuminate -- we hear moo ahead ... int . processing - livestock CENTER - night rows and rows of bovine . cow huddle in pen in the dead of night . chew , moo and shitting . Jimmy lead eli forward ... pulse climb even higher ... moving through this massive corridor of fence - off section toward -- a source of light ahead ... a doorway ... Jimmy , pistol out , inch the door OPEN . voice up the hallway be audible . gruff. older ... cigar and cigarette smoke waft toward we . just up ahead now . this be it . Jimmy hold up finger for a three count ... 3--2-- Jimmy charge forward . eli right after . gripping the weapon . trembling but moving -- faster -- 79 . int . auction room - livestock CENTER - continuous Jimmy and eli breach the doorway into a large room -- jimmy alright -- hand up -- hand up -- ( gun out ) up-up-up-up-up-up !! nobody move -- you know what this be -- -- a room filled with four table of hulking , intimidating rural men . each grip hand of card , drink and tobacco . jimmy everybody reach for it ! reach for the tit 'a god and hold they there or get fuckin blast by my little friend -- lee , he nose visibly break , be seat at the head of the farthest table . glaring . Jimmy eye he -- -- terrify , but hold ground and feign calm -- jimmy hey lyle -- tell all you buddy about what happen at the club ? you let we know if you need another demonstration -- do ya ? Lee look to eli . stare death . eli , scared shitless but manage he gameface , stare right back ... hold ... ... Lee shake he head no . jimmy clever . here 's how this go -- I and this guy be gonna walk to the pot ... Jimmy look to eli . both be breathe heavy . Jimmy send eli a shaky nod . this be you part now . be cool . jimmy and the rest of you be gonna play the fucking statue game . clear ? ( then ) lyle . I have like my money back . on you foot . Jimmy move . motion Lee up and forward . keeps he distance . Lee begrudgingly lead the way into a small kitchen beyond ... leave eli alone with twenty odd scary looking men -- 80 . int . kitchen - livestock CENTER - continuous Lee lead the way . hand out and visible at he side . jimmy where we go ? tell I first before you do shit . lee there 's a safe . under the sink . move for a industrial sink against a nearby wall . slow . Lee have to crouch to get at the cabinet door below , to reveal -- sure enough -- there 's a safe . Lee move -- -- and Jimmy inch the barrel up to the back of Lee 's head . take a deep breath . lee I be just gonna open it . jimmy two thing first . one . I tell you tell I before you make any move . do that again I will blow you head clean off . two . my barrel 's stay right here until I see my money come outta that thing only . if . if -- from one thief to another -- you have do what I have do if I be you -- and there 's a pistol stashed in there for just this occasion ? I want you to know : you life be right now , at very serious risk . ( beat ) now . I can give you a way out of that scenario -- but you gotta let I know before you open it so we can work out a plan . so . think real hard about you buddy in there , about any family you get -- and tell I : ( another beat , be : safe ) be there a pistol wait for you ? Lee 's quiet for a long moment . we can see a world of think churn in he expression ... with eli : the pock -mark face of the room 's scariest player be glaring at eli now . clearly debate a move for something at he waistline -- the silence build -- with jimmy & lee : hover over the safe ... 81. lee there 's a 38 . jimmy ( nod , beat ) okay . dial the combo -- unlock it , but do not pull back the door . with eli : the scariest player be hand flinch . eli see it . look at the player . who glare right back . without a word -- a mutiny be beginning to swell in this room ... other see that gambit -- now contemplate move of they own ... «+. without a word , we know it . eli 's lose control . with jimmy : the safe pop open . Lee do not open it . he slowly stand and step aside . able to see the pistol . Lee 's eye wait for Jimmy to make a false move so he can lunge -- but Jimmy do not take he eye or aim off Lee . he maneuver and reach backward with he free hand for the safe until he 's able to grip the pistol . Jimmy jam it into he coat pocket -- jimmy take the bag behind you . step back over here and fill it . -- Lee 's expression now glaring . with eli : someone 's gonna reach for a weapon . with jimmy : watch Lee fill the bag with -- there 's a lot of money come out of that safe . more than what be take from Jimmy . a lot more . Jimmy holding on -- -- the sheer amount of money about to be he . Lee finishes . offer the take out bag to Jimmy . murderous . jimmy ( motion ) I will take that hat on you head too . with eli : unspoken message be now be convey everywhere around he . look , then -- a nod from the scariest player -- eli nervously adjust he aim -- from one heavy to another -- -- the scariest player slowly and quietly ease a pistol out from he waistline -- 82 . click . Jimmy reach down . take the pistol out of the scariest player 's hand , turn to the room -- jimmy nothing 's change , folk ! keep they up ! up ! up ! -- Jimmy shakily nod to eli . send eli the all - good wink and nod . go first . eli begin backing away . toward the exit -- and haul it . a fast walk down the exit hallway as Jimmy ditch the scariest player 's gun and push Lee forward toward eli 's former position at the door ... with jimmy : holding a pistol in each hand now . jesse James inspire . stare down the room of scary card player . jimmy now , sorry for the interruption , fella ... Jimmy keep he gun aim . have give eli enough of a head start . every second more and more terrifying . Jimmy look to lee. brace to dart off after eli -- jimmy one last thing , lyle . milly send she love . whack . Jimmy send a sharp kick to Lee 's nut before he can think fast enough to flinch -- he shriek -- drop -- Jimmy quickly turn -- racing away -- int . processing - livestock CENTER - continuous -- running . faster . dizzying . through the endless face of cow in pens . a few moo as the distressed human race past -- eli slip come around a turn -- go sprawling across the dusty floor . Jimmy , racing up , help eli to he foot . the two of they -- int . loading garage - livestock CENTER - continuous tearing forward . toward the exit door propped open ahead . almost there as -- — jimmy go-go-go-go ! 83. ext . livestock CENTER - night bolting into the shipping lot . milly come swerving up just past the fencing ahead -- no time to climb -- the sound of angry voice call out behind they . jimmy the gate -- shoot the gate ! eli , run , take sloppy AIM with the weapon and -- booooom ! incinerate the gate in they path . chunks go sliding away across asphalt in SPARKS -- eli and Jimmy race up to hal' pickup and -- eli stop . he turn . look back toward the sound of they pursuer -- eli hold -- jimmy eli -- come on ! ( clamoring in ) let 's go man we gotta go !! -- Lee and the man with he , giving chase , emerge into view on the other side of the parking lot . see hal 's truck -- jimmy eli get in the car -- here they come . several man take aim -- and this be exactly what eli be wait for . weapon ready , he take aim at a parked farm truck just adjacent to Lee 's approach and -- booooooom ! eli light the truck up . literally send it airborne before crashing back down to Earth roof - side down . send a crystalline message to Lee and the goons with he -- do not follow we . and no one do . eli make a quick turn . jump into hal 's truck alongside a whooping jimmy -- jimmy eli ! you big -ball motherfucker ! -- milly goe tearing away into pitch black rural road . int / ext . hal be truck - pave road - rockies - night milly turn on the headlight as hal 's truck swerve back onto a paved roadway now . a glow exchange between we heroes as milly breach the silence -- 84 . milly be I right ? how much do you get ?? Jimmy and eli sweat bullet . pant . Jimmy look back , without a word , open the bag -- slap Lee 's hat onto he head -- and begin grab at bill , holding they up -- smile wide -- jimmy I dunno -- ah -- you tell I ? Jimmy look at eli , beat , break into a laugh , endorphin rush -- and throws a fistful of bill at eli . eli smile , panting -- until -- he sense it . go fishing into he pocket for the inhaler -- milly do you do it ? give he the message ? no inhaler . eli 's now check he other pocket . his breath beginning to rasp -- re-check he pocket again -- eli Jimmy -- jimmy ( still talk to milly ) I fuckin do . get he real good too , it be -- eli ( wheeze ) Jimmy -- that last rasp have get he attention . Jimmy turn around in he seat to see eli . his eye wide -- jimmy what , what 's wrong ? eli my -- my -- haler -- eli 's gesture at he chest . have trouble talk now . what transpire next happen fast -- jimmy inhaler ? what 's wrong with it ? where have you put it -- ( off eli ) -- where would you put it ? you lose it ? 85 . eli do not know . and now he 's scared . Fighting to breathe . Jimmy jump . up . scramble . over the seat and bail into the back next to eli , search for it -- milly what 's happen ? what 's wrong ? jimmy he 's get asthma , he 's get -- this inhaler , but I can not -- he must have drop it -- milly well -- be he okay ?? Jimmy jolt . a massive wave of panic be jolting through he . jimmy no he’s not okay now just -- just -- drive cause we can not stop -- eli ? eli ? help I out , man . where do you keep it ? do you lose it ? eli 's breath have now become very scary rattle . he gesture frantic to he pocket -- Jimmy freaking at the sight of eli . he 's start to lose color . Jimmy tremble . eli panicking -- Jimmy slow -- -- eli could die . milly what be you gonna do ?? what do we do ? jimmy -- jimmy ( exhales , focus ) calm down , we be all gonna calm down -- that 's what we be gonna do . ( search ) okay . I know this , I have see this , we be gonna -- ( get in eli 's face ) -- we be gonna be calm . right ? we be gonna calm down and we be gonna let this blow right over . eli can not . his eye plead . very real fear . Jimmy nod , rally , reach . roll down the window -- -- and he pull eli in . hang on tight and take eli 's hand . grip they hard -- 86 . jimmy look -- look . I know it 's scary , but stay right here and breathe like I -- ( inhale , long ) in through the nose -- just -- like I be do right here -- now you -- eli can not . his eye water up . force himself to try . jimmy good -- out through the mouth . that 's it . keep go ... ( repeat it ) again -- again -- we be do it like that . with rhythm . right ? ( continue ) breathe slow , breathe in that outside air .... eli 's try . afraid , but copying the gesture -- jimmy Cause we be all good . we be off and away , all that guy ? ( breathes ) they be behind we , they be go now . we be gonna get you a new puffer , brand new , soon as we can . -- and we see it . Jimmy 's get he rhythm now with eli . eli 's breathing begin to steady again , still raspy , still scary -- jimmy ( smile , mime ) we be just gonna chill -- we be gonna take that long , vacation breath -- -- eli 's calming . the outside air , Jimmy 's word -- do they thing . and as Jimmy see the progress -- see eli come back to he -- a surge of relief tear through Jimmy . jimmy there he be . that 's my brother -- that 's my brother right there -- Jimmy play back the emotion . he have to , as though all of this be nothing . up front , milly 's chance glance -- jimmy hang on to my hand , man . I get you . you just keep breathe . like that . 87 . jimmy ( cont 'd ) ( after a moment ) you scared I for a second -- eli 's chest go up and down . up and down . work on its own accord , fight its way back one slow breath at a time . shoom . hal 's truck go past like a missile . onto a freeway entry ramp . a sign tell we we be en route for utah -- int . the mineshaft - night we be back in the decimate strip club turn crime scene . marble -sine device float through the air . activate and illuminating the scorched space . they swirl overhead . the cleaners be here . stepping forward into this rubble . the marble-size device flutter like mechanical bee . the two cleaner fan out , scanner in hand -- approach the pool table wreckage -- -- and set up three batter node in formation around it . a cleaner punch a command into he scanner -- shung . and the three node activate . glowing with life -- before we eye -- the pool table and rubble be scan and mapped . wave of light fan out , measure ... follow by the location where eli stand when he pull the trigger -- the height and angle of the weapon when fire , then ... foom . the open space before the cleaners explode with light . as though lit by the blast that come from the weapon at the exact moment when eli pull the trigger . a moment freeze . we can see feint depiction of milly , Jimmy , Lee , he croney right where they be the moment the weapon be shot -- -- but the clearest face we can see be eli . closest to the weapon 's discharge . the contour of he face recognizable . the cleaners wade closer to eli . pass right through the holographic image , lean down to stare he in the face . threaten . take in the image of eli hold one of they possession . and -- both cleaners turn fast -- on alert -- able to sense or hear something we can not . 88 . each reach for back - mount holsters . drawing weapon similar to the one eli take from they -- ext . mineshaft - in approach - night Morgan be pull into the lot outside . in do so , she spot the faint light come from the cleaners 's gear . Morgan pull up , the light vanish -- someone 's in there . int . mineshaft - moment later she enter . gun and flashlight draw . cautious . call -- morgan FBI ... anyone here better announce themselves -- no one do . Morgan move further in . eye the blast damage in the dark . flashlight illuminate this place in sliver . a noise sound from the rear of the building . Morgan whirl . start forward . another noise . confirm it . she charge . straight through shadow towards the back of the club . through a super shitty kitchen -- towards a service entrance -- swaying OPEN in the breeze -- we hear the start of engine -- morgan shoulder check the screen door , racing into the dirt lot out back as -- the cleaners , two figure atop STREET bike CUT past her . a flash of they strange , inhuman armor catch she eye -- morgan stop right -- vroooom . they tear out of view around the building . Morgan whirl to give chase . racing back through the club -- ext . the mineshaft - front entrance - continuous emerging out the front only to catch sight of two red tail light on the way way faraway horizon . already go . ext . nebraska gas stop - night a imposing van pull into a 24 - hour spot in the dead of night . taylor , snick and six imposing men get out . all be look exhaust . 89 . taylor gonna hit the head . fill it up . Taylor move for a set of restroom door ahead -- leave a obvious question trail across the face of he guy . snick tay , man -- we , uh . ( Taylor slow ) Planning on stop to rest ? taylor kid say tahoe in the message . which mean we be racing time . we will sleep when they be dead . ext . drug store - close - middle of nowhere - pre-dawn angle : milly sit behind the wheel of the truck at the edge of a crack and weathered parking lot . scan the horizon . no movement . she look . over to eli , seat next to she -- milly holding up ? eli nod . low energy but better now . and we continue pulling back to reveal -- at the other end of the lot behind they : be a countrify drug store with its front window smashed out . we can hear a alarm ringing faintly in the b.g . -- Jimmy be rushing up , he arm full of small prescription box . grinning , he get in -- jimmy go! go ! milly throws the truck into gear . peeling away . Jimmy smile . offer up the prescription box to eli . Inside each be a different type of inhaler -- digging through . jimmy I do not know which one to get -- so I grab they all -- int / ext . utah highway - morning Red dirt and swoop mesa now . steadily traversing we way into the american West . Jimmy 's at the wheel , wear Lee 's cowboy hat like a war trophy and hum to the radio -- 90 . milly 's count cash riding shotgun , divide it into three even pile -- and eli 's lean over she shoulder , watch she count . milly two hundred forty five k -- and -- exactly three hundred and sixty five buck extra . ( look up , smile ) a dollar for every day of the year . that 's a good luck thing , right ? int . gas station - utah - day angle : milly 's patrol store shelve . pick out a loudly - fashioned clutch purse , and nearby , a new pre - pay mobile . ahead : eli 's at the register buy supplies . attendant nine forty three . eli offer up a hundred dollar bill . the attendant regards this a moment -- and reluctantly accept . move to dig change out of the drawer as eli wait . while digging , the attendant sees it : on the news play directly over eli 's shoulder . be a photo of eli . next to a clear mug-shot of Jimmy . want for involvement in robbery / murder investigation . from where he be , eli can see Jimmy outside , palling around with a group of small kid . he offer one the cowboy hat , retract it -- eli turn back to the attendant . offer he change without a word . look at eli funny . still , eli accept , nod a thank you and move to go -- -- outside , Jimmy give Lee 's hat away to one of the kid . they wave and shout goodbye as hal' truck pull away . jimmy ( pre - lap ) so we be in nevada now ... you guy know what 's in nevada , right ? ext . wooden nickel casino - nevada - afternoon a all - in tourist trap . casino on the ground floor , hotel above , flanke by a pair of bar , trinket shop and a pool . gl . int . wooden nickel casino - afternoon a bellhop lead Jimmy , milly and eli to a set of elevator . the three stand silently in a line , milly and eli look out towards the casino floor , while Jimmy look at he foot . out beyond : the casino floor be alive with light and sound , but Jimmy be in another place . he look , over at eli , as though suddenly realize what he 's put this kid through . his eye now debate as though whether he should maybe tell he the truth . int . HOTEL room - wooden nickel - afternoon eli sit on the make bed in he own room . deep in think . beside he . his duffle with the weapon inside and a pile of money sit out on the bed . he eye the latter . another beat . do not feel right about it . be not so sure he actually want it . int . hallway / HOTEL room - afternoon eli exit he room . knock on the next door over and push it open to reveal Jimmy , clean up , finish shave -- -- be seat at the edge of the bed . off . jimmy glad you be here , buddy . I want to talk to you about something . eli okay ? jimmy where do I start , ah -- milly exit she room one door over . stroll up -- and Jimmy halt upon see she . he look from milly -- back to eli -- milly what 's up ? you guy all settle in ? how about we -- jimmy yeah . you know what -- ( to eli ) 92 . jimmy ( cont 'd ) we will talk later . I be think about hit the table , anyway . Jimmy turn and reach for he bag . pull out what 's clearly a couple grand and stuff it into he pocket -- Jimmy brushes past milly and eli , go ... milly Jimmy ? ( he do not answer ) Jimmy ? he make he way down the hall . milly blink , look to eli -- and there 's something off . eli 's watch Jimmy go -- unsettle . sense something 's wrong . milly forget he . Pool or food ? int . denver municipal build - ballistics - afternoon Jake weave through lab space until Morgan come into view at a reference comp . flick through digital slide -- jake what be you look at ? -- some kind of research data . morgan nothing that would not come across as crazy . jake something to talk about while you be on the road -- morgan where be I go ? he offer she a folder . printed image from a security camera . jake forward out of Salt Lake . a gas station on the fifteen , due south toward nevada . Three hour ago . Morgan 's look at the photo . eli , jimmy & milly at the gas station earlier . she scoops they up . grab she coat and key -- 93 . morgan call we office in St. George , would you ? tell they I need a six man detail on standby ... int . wooden nickel casino - casino floor - afternoon Jimmy wade through the casino floor , drink in hand , smile at passing women . up ahead , he eye a roulette table . cross and slap down ten hundred -- jimmy ten black . right here -- a few head turn . the dealer , a looker , smile , dole hundred dollar chip out to Jimmy . spin the wheel . Jimmy eye the ball rolling . leans forward , dole he chip out across the leave and right column . the Dealer wave to close bet . smile at Jimmy again -- as the ball land on 35 . jimmy ah . Jimmy watch she take he money away . beat . finishes the rest of he drink -- and reach back into he pocket ... ext . outdoor pool - wooden nickel casino - afternoon angle : we be look down bird 's - eye-view , perfectly frame the rectangular pool from above as eli tread water -- Silent . eli consider the uneasy feel grow . watch as milly exit the hot tub , cross to the deck chair -- eli exhales -- sink slowly under the water 's surface -- int . wooden nickel casino - sport bar - afternoon eli and milly , out of the pool now , eat at a sport bar -type restaurant . television line the wall -- most have espn on . milly ( be : eli 's plate ) how 's that tender ? good ? eli nod . shrug . preoccupy still . milly everything okay ? 94 . eli linger on that . do not say . instead -- eli can I use you phone ? milly who you call ? eli my dad . milly eye he . eye the look on he face . milly he 's come to meet you guy , right ? everything okay ? eli I just need to talk to he . milly eye this . Silent a moment . then she reach into she clutch , hand eli she cell -- something in she know . eli thank you . milly no worry . eli begin dial -- and stop . he see it . the news story he just miss in the gas station . on a tv just past milly 's shoulder above the bar . mute , but still . eli see he own photo . right there . follow by Jimmy 's mugshot . a country - wide search . involvement in a murder . b-roll of hal 's job site . of eli 's home . a picture of hal . eli 's jaw go slack . milly what 's -- milly turn to see what eli 's look at -- eli clamor . out of the booth , he collide with a waitress , who drop dish . waitstaffer turn . eli cross the length of the floor for the nearest television . turn up the volume . bartender hey kid you can not -- eli turn the volume up . 95 . reporter -- two individual suspect of robbing and kill a site manager for a Michigan - base construction firm . the twist here be that a pair of suspect have be identify as the victim 's biological and adopt son -- milly approach . take this in -- holy shit . the reporter continue . detail the cross-country search take place -- eli stare at hal 's picture as it return to screen . emotion flooding up . the bartender now spot the eerie sight of a fugitive watch himself on tv . milly eli -- eli -- we should go -- milly tug at eli 's arm . eli pull away and start off -- int . wooden nickel casino - casino floor - afternoon -- racing for the ringing and flash of the casino floor ahead . guard at the entrance spot eli come . he cut past they before they can step in to block -- guard Young man -- young man -- milly 's right behind eli. placate -- milly I be so sorry -- I will grab he , he 's with I -- up ahead : eli 's storming forward . put distance between himself and milly . anger and hurt and betrayal and panic brim up fast . search for Jimmy . milly eli -- eli -- wait -- eli duck and weave through game table . can hear milly call after he , but she 's lose ground -- further and further . pase row and row of slot machine flashing . plinking . jangling . everything spinning -- dizzy -- and he spot jimmy . half - lean off a stool up ahead , wasted at the roulette table . 96 . jimmy hey man ! what be you do out here ?! eli lash out at Jimmy . send he stumbling back before he can react . Jimmy maintain balance , drunk , the drink in he hand splashing away -- jimmy whoa , whoa , whoa -- ( to the dealer ) -- it 's okay . one sec -- eli swing on Jimmy . tear in he eye . the swipe shutting Jimmy up as the dealer behind they press she silent call button under the table . eli he 's dead ?? he 's dead -- ( swing again ) do you do it ?!? huh ?! huh ?! jimmy -- the fuck you talk about -- eli you lie -- you lied -- he 's dead and you lie -- jimmy hey ! hey ! wait wait ! stop ! Jimmy push eli away . realizing what this be . see it on eli 's face -- Jimmy look . spot milly off beyond . her eye wide -- run -- security be on approach . the bartender who spot eli in tow . pointing right at they . a EIGHT man security detail wading through table this way . eli come at Jimmy again . tear now streaming . swinging . eli do you do it ?! I wanna hear you say it -- Jimmy grab eli 's arm . hard . panick . emotion rise up . pull he in . adrenaline now flooding he system soberish -- jimmy you wanna swing on I you can but we gotta go okay ? right now -- 97 . still gripping eli , Jimmy yank he . for the exit -- right into the path of a approaching guard . here we go . Jimmy swat a stand tray of drink -- upend the entire thing at the income guard -- Glass shatter and Jimmy break leave -- dragging eli -- toppling chair as guard begin rushing -- jimmy come on !! Jimmy 's pulling eli along . any direction . every . another guard rush up and -- Jimmy slug he first . the guy crash away . two more come sailing in , Jimmy reel back , swing -- missing . eli 's grabbed by a third guard that 's come rushing up from behind . jimmy be hit by a retractable wand -- chip go scatter -- Jimmy try to rally -- jimmy eli !! eli 's ripped away . watch now as more guard leap on jimmy . he swing . Wild and futile . the gesture of it worth more than the damage -- clubbed down -- straight to the ground -- from above : Jimmy 's limb be pin as he scream out and try to wriggle free . can not. pin . clubbed . and on eli : as he watch -- pin to the ground nearby , he face hold down against dirty carpet -- -- eli just stay put . eye swim . let it happen . ext . wooden nickel casino - day cameras roll news footage . a crowd of spectator have gather to watch local police handle the scene . police car label blue fall police loiter . eli sit cuffed in the back of the nearest one . eye churn . he look . Jimmy 's a short way away in the back of a different cruiser . beaten up bad . he do not look back . several officer exit the building , carting eli , Jimmy and milly 's thing toward a police van ahead . eli spot he duffle bag with the weapon inside , now tag ... and in the crowd just past this -- eli spot milly . her face among that who have gather -- long -- unable to help he now -- apologetic -- 98 . milly , she eye ringing a apology -- raise a hand , two finger -- into a peace sign . this be it . Goodbye . beat . eli nod back . understand . there 's nothing she can do for they now anyway . a police officer near , shooing onlooker away -- and milly be force to leave . vanish into the crowd . go . ext . rural nevada - late day high above : the two squad car carry eli and Jimmy chug by we . tiny metal specs against a infinite landscape . int . police cruiser - continuous on eli as he ride . lose in silence . int . blue fall police station - evidence lockup - dusk eli 's duffle bag be unzip . the weapon , protective case in place , be remove and lift up into the face of a few gawking cop . it 's turn , place on its end , ominous ... a photographer step in . raise a camera and snap a photo with a flash -- int / ext . imposing van - rural highway - moving - dusk the imposing van sail past -- inside : true to he word , Taylor have not let the van stop . everyone 's face look wrack . taylor ride shotgun . snick wobble forward and hand he a mobile phone -- snick tay -- look . Taylor take the phone . look at it . on screen -- a link to a newscast have be e-mail to snick . snick aud 's canvass all the news shit back home -- Taylor watch the link . able to see the headline : fleeing suspect catch . in nevada . the image of Jimmy in the back of that squad car play . Taylor pause the video . eyeing the insignia on the the cruiser Jimmy 's inside ... taylor how far away be we from -- ( squint , beat ) -- Blue Falls , nevada ? int / ext . morgan' unmarked - utah - freeway - dusk 99 . door of Morgan 's crown vic roaring en route for the state line . push it . on the seat next to she -- Morgan 's phone chime . a text have come in . careful with the wheel , Morgan reach -- -- check it . the evidence photo of the weapon we just see take pop into view . Morgan hold on she first look . take in this thing 's contour . with the protective shield on , it 's hard to place exactly what it be -- the moment interrupt when her phone ring . she accept the call . jake ( 0.s. ) scary look thing be not it ? morgan what be it ? jake ( 0.s. ) apparently that 's we mystery weapon . Morgan look once more to the image -- morgan told you . this one be not right . ( consider ) tell they not to touch this thing and that the suspect go nowhere -- nowhere until I arrive . and let that tactical unit out of St. George know I 'il definitely be need they . just in case ... eli ( pre - lap ) they start hit he , so -- int . blue fall police station - bullpen - night eli sit in a chair flanking a officer's desk . this station spacious , well live in . 100 . eli I run and I yell for they to stop , but they pick I up -- the young officer ( 30 ) seat at the desk take note . young officer this be when you go to the truck to retrieve the -- item ? eli nod , the Officer scribbles . eli look . from where he 's seat , he can see holding tank up a short hallway ahead -- int . blue fall police station - holding - night Jimmy sit alone on a concrete slab in this claustrophobic space . look up as a fold chair be set down on the other side of bar . eli emerge , sit ... .»+. he jaw still clench tight . Jimmy look he over . jimmy be they treat you okay ? eli yeah . jimmy they have not charge you with anything have they ? Cause they do not get anything they can -- eli look down . Jimmy slow . eli Jimmy , they only give I ten minute with you . Jimmy do not respond . wearing the guilt . he rise , idle , move to the back wall ... ease he fist into place against it a moment -- at the very bottom now . nothing be say . Jimmy waver there , fist ball . eye ringing . stoop like a batter prizefighter out of round . jimmy I do not kill he , alright ? when Jimmy turn to face eli , desperation be flash . 101 . jimmy you can think whatever you want 'a I , but it do not happen like how they be say on tv . dad walk in on I and -- some dangerous guy raid he safe for the money . that part 's true cause it 's money I owed they or I be dead -- we all be . Water build in Jimmy 's expression . rallying bravado -- jimmy and I tell he . I plead with he , to turn around and walk away -- and he have to stand there and be fuckin righteous as usual -- -- but the truth be clear . as clear as day in he eye . desperately fight its swell . anger and hurt lash out -- jimmy he have to make some point to god - know - who and get himself shot . he would not just let it go -- he have to -- ( go quiet , then ) I be not a good guy , eli ... but I ... eli , sit there , soul stir -- stare back , defiant . eli if he be hard on we -- it 's cause the world be hard . Jimmy know where that word come from . who they come from . eli and a good man be -- he 's -- he account for himself . ( beat ) be responsible . even when he do not wanna be . eli hold . shake he head . rise . leave Jimmy in silence . jimmy eli. eli , wait -- int . blue fall police station - bullpen - continuous eli exit away from the sound of Jimmy 's voice . back to where he be seat , he head lower out of view -- 102 . -- and as he do , we hear that familiar humming . the humming of the weapon , get louder and louder in he head ... ext . traffic light - middle of nowhere - night a aging blue collar driver in a wagoneer pull up to a red light . wait . for a long moment , there 's no one in sight -- -- until we Blue collar Driver spot a pair of headlight in approach through the rear view . as they near -- we can make out that this be not a vehicle . it 's the cleaners . they engine slow into dull growls as they pull up -- -- both party now wait on the red . the Driver , after a moment , look over at the motor cyclist -- and see there helmet . then . the futuristic sidearm holster on the close rider 's leg -- -- and he stop . look up to see that he 's be spot . both of the cleaners be now staring right back . the close reach , cover the futuristic gun with he coat -- and on this cue , both bike rev there engine . ripping away just as the light turn GREEN -- leave the blue collar driver in thier wake to ponder what the hell he just see ... ext . nevada freeway - continuous and we follow the two cleaners on the OPEN freeway . weaving and dodging through traffic at unprecedented speed . insane . motorist be be pass with such frequency they might as well be stand still -- engine gunning louder -- int / ext . sheriff' office - night various : the light of the station dimme now . eli sleep on a small sofa in the sheriff 's office . everything quiet . int . blue fall police station - various - night officer linger . still on duty in the dead of night . two in the bullpen . two kick back in the kitchen . another work the rustic dispatch room -- lastly : int . blue fall police station - lobby - night the clerk man he post up front . click away on facebook -- 103 . -- until he spot headlight pulling into the lot through dirty glass door of the station MAIN entrance ahead . clerk officer ( call out ) we friend from Denver just show -- he yawn . go back to he comp as the outline of Morgan approach from the lot outside . she enter -- voice ( 0.c. ) scuse I . the clerk look at the sound of a male 's voice . taylor bolek . clerk officer help you ? taylor I be look for a caucasian degenerate feature on the news earlier . get a little black fella with he . the clerk Officer take in the sight of this guy -- clerk officer and who be you ? taylor they here ? another beat . the clerk match Taylor 's intimidation play . Dead - pan stare he . clerk officer I could not give out that info even if they be . taylor gotcha . Taylor draw the pistol conceal at he waist and -- around the station : officer freeze at the clap of gunfire . the icy realization of what that be up close and near -- in the sheriff' office : eli blink out of he nap -- jimmy also hear that -- back with taylor : he move -- swing open the main entrance with he boot . waving snick and the rest of he crew in . 104 . taylor yeah -- they be here . they enter , and hold a beat to begin divvy ear protection . dispatch room : Taylor blast the lock and handle off . the officer on dispatch already radioing for help -- dispatch officer -- shot fire inside the station -- shot fire inside -- blam . Taylor blast he off he chair as -- beyond : the two officer emerge from the mess room and aim -- with eli in the sheriff' office : brbrbrakakakakakakak -- eli can hear brutal gunfire erupt up and down the MAIN corridor beyond . the sound of it raging up the hallway across the other side of the bullpen -- fear rise up -- eli move toward the office door to get a better look and -- slam . it fling open and eli be grabbed -- by the young officer he give he statement to earlier . eli what 's happen -- young officer get behind that desk now -- ( push eli back ) -- down . stay here , do not move -- -- the Young Officer turn . pistol out . show fear . shake . the rattling of more gunfire exploding -- eli but who 's -- slam . the young officer leave again . eli watch through office window as he join the other bullpen cop -- moving away out of sight . toward the firefight . with jimmy in the tank : Jimmy 's try to see out into the bullpen beyond . from where he be , he 's only get partial view -- jimmy hey ! what 's go on !? with eli in the sheriff' office : no one 's able to see what 's happen . we hold with eli through the sound of gunfire as it return . louder and louder . brbrbrbrbrakakakak -- eli 's petrify -- watch -- now muzzle flash crackle -- 105 . -- nearer . and nearer . and finally -- the young officer stagger back into view . have be hit across he left side -- barely dodging a arc of gunfire as it weave past , chase he into view . a clumsy dodge that leave he clamoring on the floor . eli , wide -ey , watch the young officer begin scrambling in eli 's direction -- slam . he collapse into the room . Color drain as blood flow freely -- young officer ( whisper ) get -- g- get back behind the desk -- I 'il hold they -- but this guy 's not protect anyone . eli look -- frantic for option . and he -- eli my bag -- where be it ? the Young Officer hold . know what eli 's ask for . brbrbakakakak -- sounding out from nearby . closest yet . the young officer acquiesce . fateful . motion . fumble for he key -- young officer ( be : specific key ) through the service door -- back of the station . ev -- evidence lockup . the bullpen - moment later : eli exit the sheriff office and stay low en route to a service door just as -- Taylor -- with blood trickle down the side of he face from a head wound , a bullet graze maybe -- emerge into view . search . snick and remain member of he crew , some of they wounded -- be right behind Taylor . back corridor : eli scramble through the innard of the station . hard copy file room -- in the bullpen : the sheriff 's office door be kicked in . the young officer drag out by snick -- into the bullpen -- snick get a last man stand -- in holding : from he cell , Jimmy can see faint sliver of the young officer . mumbling plea after plea -- 106 . Jimmy see taylor . here . twenty foot away -- oh no no no no -- the young officer be yanked up to he knee . Jimmy watch as Taylor cross over -- taylor sorry . witnesses be a no can do . blam -- Taylor gun down the young officer . Jimmy recoil in horror . crab backwards . Color drain from he face . frozen as he slow . quiet . then . hear footstep . whistling . a rendition of a familiar tune : joni Mitchell 's help I . and it 's near . louder ... until Taylor limp slowly into view on the other side of the bar . see Jimmy back into the rear of he cell . smile . Jimmy do not say a word -- stay where he be ... taylor be lookin for you , hrobsky . Taylor saddle up close to the bar . watch Jimmy . cage in here ... Taylor chew . aim the shotgun in he hand through the bar . Taylor smile ... taylor ( to he guy ) somebody grab I a set 'a key ! ext . blue fall police station - front lot - continuous at this moment , Morgan 's arrive out front . pulling into the station 's lot . follow by a suv , read ST . GEORGE PD -- Morgan ease into a idle , see -- through the windshield : the imposing van park strangely in the lot ahead . int . blue fall police station - bullpen - continuous on jimmy : dragge now . right into the center of the bullpen . dropped to the ground -- right next to the body of the young officer . yanked upward to he knee . Taylor ease the barrel of he shotgun right into Jimmy 's chin . smile . taylor you little brother around ? ( smile ) 107 . taylor ( cont 'd ) I be gonna do something to you I want he to see ... ext . blue fall police station - parking lot - continuous Morgan 's out of she car now . something 's clearly not right . she look to other officer with she -- the St. George tac squad , get out of the van nearby , when -- high caliber assault rifle FIRE hose down the lot . Morgan and tac squad under fire from one of taylor's crew inside the station entrance -- int . blue fall police station - bullpen - continuous the gunfire be hear from in here as well . the voice of one of Taylor 's man call out from beyond -- voice ( 0.s8 . ) company !! more cop !! Taylor dig the barrel into Jimmy 's neck . Jimmy make he peace in silence -- Taylor nod . move to pull back on the trigger , and -- taylor tell dutch I say hi -- -- we hear the weapon be powered up . Taylor look -- to see eli. have re-enter . Taylor take in the shape and form of the weapon in eli 's hand , point right at he -- perplex -- taylor the hell be that thin - blaaaaaaaam ! Taylor explode . literally . blasted out of existence before he gun can go off -- into a blind flash of ENERGY and viscera -- snick draw on eli -- jimmy lunge . clamor for snick gun -- the shot snick fire go sideways . snick fling jimmy away -- turn to fire directly at Jimmy as he fall -- blaaaaaaam . eli blows snick away before he can shoot . snick 's ashy remain rain down . two of taylor be men remain in the room . 108 . one 's firing at jimmy as he mad dash on he hand and knee . the other drop for cover behind a nearby desk -- whirling , machine gun in hand to -- brbrbrakakakak -- fire at eli -- who recoil . look . idea . eli aim at the desk the guy be hiding behind and -- blaaaaaaam . eli blows it straight to hell -- send the guy behind it sailing backward and airborne amidst tuft of printer paper -- through a nearby wall into the next room -- brbrbrbrbrbakakakakakaakak -- the guy who be shoot at Jimmy whirl on eli , buckle in the weight of the moment , go rambo with he ammo -- eli hunker down -- aim upward and bllaaaaamm -- fire over rambo 's head into the ceiling -- cinderblock and foundation explode and rain down on the guy -- ext . blue fall police station - parking lot - continuous Morgan whirl as eli 's blast through the ceiling send chunks of the station roof spewing skyward like a geyser -- what . the. fuck. be . that . morgan tell I we have get backup come -- nearby officer eta 's two / three minute -- int . blue fall police station - bullpen - continuous eli , with the silence have spread -- chance a glance -- -- a hand reach . grab he -- yank he down behind cover of a short cubicle wall -- it 's Jimmy . who 's pull eli into cover just as -- the gunman who be cover the front entrance -- appear at the end of the hallway beyond -- firing -- -- what look like a ar - 15 -- brbrbrrbkakakakakakakaak --— both of they cover . scare . as lead burn past . Jimmy take stock of what eli just do to save he ... jimmy you okay ? 109 . eli manage a nod . brave . eli be you ? Jimmy ... motion to the gunman . still a way up that hall . jimmy I can . uh. give you some cover -- eli nod again , and Jimmy drop low , scurries leave . leans he head into view -- jimmy hey ! yo ! FIRE return on Jimmy , give eli the chance to drop right -- bllaaaaaaaam ! eli send a blast down the corridor -- it explode into chunky debris , but return FIRE sound back a second later -- he 's still up there -- well cover -- eli try again -- bllaaaaaaaam ! still no good -- eli I be try -- brbrbrbakakakakakakk -- automatic FIRE pound past overhead -- eli and Jimmy cover -- brbrbrbrkakakakak -- jimmy he 's yours man -- take he out -- then . eli remember the GREEN node . lower leave side of the barrel . eli jostle the weapon , find it -- kr-shrrr-vrrrp . the weapon jolt in he hand and two sleek appendage extend sideways like recoil dampener once again -- eli come on -- eli , rallying -- rise fast into view as down the hall , the last of taylor ‘s gunmen swing into view -- aim -- eli fire first . pull the trigger and the weapon explode with blue light . amassing in a surge before -- vvvvvvsssshhhhh ! exploding forward in a tidal wave of blue ENERGY . eli 's thrown backward by the recoil as -- 110 . the entire hallway around the remain shooter ignite . blasting a hole straight through the side of the station beyond -- -- and silence . Jimmy turn . pull eli to he foot . they exchange glance -- jimmy have I see that one yet ? that be new , right ?? shit , eli -- eli , with the wind knock out of he a little , nod . the entire station now beyond they quiet . Taylor & Co. go ... jimmy keep low , alright ? i’1l -- ( look up , around ) -- go first I guess , just -- ( be : the weapon ) -- there could be more of they . keep that thing handy -- maybe stick with the first mode , yeah ? eli okay -- eli tap the node until the weapon return to normal . Jimmy look around again . the coast still clear , so . Jimmy move , cautious , motion eli along -- make for the scorched hallway . darken now -- overhead lighting flicker inconsistently -- eli stick close at Jimmy 's side , the weapon ready -- the moment building -- forward -- ext . blue fall police station - parking lot - continuous backup have arrive . local PD now swarming into position around the station . over a dozen squad car . jumping in alongside Morgan and the tac squad . armed and ready . so many police the building be surround on all side -- int . blue fall police station - hallway - continuous Jimmy and eli move in close formation through the aftermath of Taylor 's gunfight . we see both fall cop and member of Taylor 's crew . motionless ... close in on the final turn . we see dust and ash flutter through the air . the lobby and MAIN entrance just beyond -- 111 . ext . blue fall police station - lobby - continuous Jimmy chance a glance into the lobby now . and see it . Blue and red light . flash in through every window . Jimmy curse . inch forward , low -- peak a look out to see -- a parking lot filled with cop . jimmy ah man -- Jimmy turn . sink down along the wall . face wrack . no clean exit . beat . he look to eli . face long -- outside : and Jimmy can see they gearing up out there . ready . Morgan can be see coordinate . dole out order . jimmy look like we will have more company pretty shortly ... eli what be they gonna do ? a long silence follow . Jimmy 's expression far off and away . then . he look back at eli and smile , sad . jimmy they be probably gonna come in here and take we away . could be the last time we see each other for awhile -- beat . Jimmy look at eli. jimmy -- I will go away for good . you will be alone again . I be sorry , I -- it be never mean to be like this . dad be right . be more like he , okay ? ( then ) less like I . eli look up at Jimmy . quiet . and there we have it . Jimmy nod . sober . lay the pistol down . like release some great weight . slide it away . look at eli . silence linger . jimmy you and I 'il always be brother . like it or not . and I will always be there for you . best as I can . okay ? 112. Jimmy strain . get to he knee , put he hand atop he head -- ready to be arrest . eli set down the weapon nearby ... get on he knee ... jimmy they like it when you link you finger . just like this . ( then ) they will be everywhere real soon . I want you to do everything they tell you , okay ? eli copy . scare . holding back tear . jimmy elijah . you 'il be fine . and we hold : on two brother . side by side . listen to the sound of boot like a gather storm outside -- ext . blue fall police station - night officer race up . from every side . gun drawn , swarming -- and that 's when we hear it . STREET bike . in breakneck approach . come right this way -- Morgan , amidst the storming police , turn -- nearby officer ma’ be ? other police look as well . take in the two headlight as they come sailing in . way too fast and -- it 's the cleaners . they draw weapon . one pull and aim what look like a handgun version of eli 's weapon , fire -- blasting straight through barricade . police go leaping away . bullet bounce off they advanced armor -- ignoring income fire . head right for the station -- int . blue fall police station - lobby - continuous Jimmy hear this -- look -- eli too -- ext . blue fall police station - continuous Morgan charge . yell to police -- 113. morgan go !! hit the door ! do not let they past you into the station ! Morgan and police rush the door as officer behind they attempt to slow the bike -- the swat batter ram swing . fooosh . the second cleaner fire something past Morgan . into the police station be MAIN window . a cannister or -- int . blue fall police station - continuous eli and Jimmy watch as the door buckle under the weight of the batter ram -- -- as the grenade - shape incendiary ricochettes off the wall beside eli and -- blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam ! the projectile explode . Jimmy be hurled straight backward by the blast -- the police rush in vanish in blinding light -- as eli 's form be consumed by shockwave -- he cry out -- and halt . nothing happen . beat . his eye still close . eli open they . chance a look around . not dead . the explosion do not even scratch eli . he turn fast -- to jimmy -- and go wide eye . Jimmy 's just a few foot away . but he 's suspend in mid-air . the gravity that should be tether he to the floor go . as though the blast have hurl Jimmy backward in super slow motion -- eli turn . the same can be say for the police who just kick the door in -- there 's Morgan -- also nearly freeze -- Dust and debris flung by the blast hang -- time have freeze around eli . he look . down at the explode grenade- like device at he foot . spend . as though it 's create some kind of force - field around just eli . eli panic . he turn -- fast . grab the weapon -- 114 . eli hello ? -- out the front door of the station . all of the police officer outside frozen too . no one to answer -- silence -- for a moment , the sight of all this come with a bewilder but very real sensation of awe -- and then -- movement sound behind eli . he whirl , take fast AIM at -- the cleaners . here in the station . they weapon draw as they step into view . a standoff . menace -- eli stays put -- terrify -- keep he aim -- and here , as they approach -- we have get we best look at this two figure yet -- the first cleaner be taller and leaner where the second be stockier with wide shoulder -- the taller cleaner hold the silence . take stock of the small human boy in front of he . a David to goliath . and the first cleaner step forward . weapon up . eli swing the barrel of the weapon at he . the targeting system lock on -- the weapon 's power surging warning ... «+. the cleaner raise he hand in response . a gesture of calm -- wait -- we see the taller cleaner 's hand have five finger . reaching slowly to tap a small console on he neck -- eli watch -- as the taller cleaner 's mechanized helmet retract . to reveal the face of a human . a man . a transparent breathe apparatus wrap along he cheek into he nostril -- aid he breathe in we atmosphere . tall cleaner it 's okay , son . hang on , let 's just talk a minute , alright ? eli 's blanching at the sight of what 's behind that mask -- maintain he grip on the weapon -- finger clamped -- tall cleaner look . we be not here to hurt you . ( then ) 115 . tall cleaner ( cont 'd ) but that weapon -- we need it back . it do not belong here -- eli do not waver -- gun still up . overwhelm , tremble . take stock of the tall cleaner -- eli and what -- what happen to I when I give it to you ? tall cleaner look at you arm , elijah . eli slow at the mention of he name ... eli look . this guy 's point at eli 's scar . tall cleaner that 's you activator . it 's the reason you be able to operate that thing and no one else . ( then , cautiously ) you parent make sure you get one before you leave , so that some day you can return . and eli stop . eli my parent ? the cleaner see the emotion he 's get from this kid . the panic and the hope all at once -- a lot to take in . the cleaner see this , cross closer . tall cleaner you family have enemy -- the one who locate you here , who track you to that warehouse where you would be salvage -- ( beat ) we reach they before they get to you , but not quick enough apparently . the tall cleaner extend he hand now for the weapon . tall cleaner time dispersal be only temporary , and this one 's about to collapse . sir. I be gonna need you to hand it over now . we do not have long -- 116 . second cleaner ( in perfect chinese ) thirty second . tall cleaner ( also in perfect chinese ) this be important . the tall cleaner motion . eli turn , see Jimmy -- still suspend mid-air -- but we can now see the faint trace of movement accelerate -- same with Morgan and the police -- eli look from the freeze form of storming police -- down . Studies the weapon in he hand -- for the last time -- hand it over . his eye still swim -- eli but I do not understand -- be I human ? tall cleaner 100 % . and from Earth . just not this version . the second cleaner step forward -- take the weapon , snap it magnetically onto he back -- second cleaner we gotta move . the tall cleaner nod . eye eli -- he can not just leave he with that . so the tall cleaner acquiesce -- tall cleaner we be at war , elijah . a all too violent war that threaten more than you can imagine . and you be too important to be catch up in it right now . ( beat ) but just because you be lonely , it do not mean that you be alone . you will see you parent again . they be count on it . then . fateful . second cleaner and then you will be give we order . the cleaner offer he hand . a soldier 's hand . 117 . eli accept . head -spun . shake it . the tall cleaner grin , rise . Falls in with the second -- -- who draw what look like a mechanized baton -- activate it . the baton surge . crackling with light -- eli recoil , watch -- see he breath begin to fog , the temperature here drop . frost -- just like before -- grow in crystalline formation across every surface , the ceiling and floor -- -- sliver of tiny snow , condensation in the air freezing -- begin to fall -- lead eli 's gaze to jimmy . still fly backwards in ultra slow - mo but now quickly accelerate -- the second cleaner weave the baton through the air as though tracing a doorway -- the tall cleaner lock eye with eli ... tall cleaner be see you . and what can only be describe as a hole torn out of thin AIR erupt into existence . unreal . a doorway to another world -- the cleaner step through -- the doorway collapse behind they . like that -- they be go . and time rights itself . Jimmy smack the floor , yelp -- police break in -- from every angle -- immediately and overwhelming -- yelling order . get down -- etc , etc -- Jimmy , on the floor , hand in the air -- yell back that he and eli be unarmed . eli 's knock hard to the ground . cuffed . pulling back . from eli 's view -- everything change . Morgan stand in view . take in the insanity of this scene . the frost -- the carnage -- morgan clear the building ! move ! -- and eli at the center . no cleaner . no weapon . go . ext . blue fall police station - night eli sit in the back of a ambulance . the scene of the shootout a flurry of activity now -- -- every face betray shock . eli watch until -- 118 . morgan ( 0.c . ) I find the statement you be give inside . eli look up briefly to see Morgan stand nearby . morgan you brother seem to be match it blow for blow . Morgan nod across the lot where Jimmy speak to local cop -- morgan with the exception of a few thing . eli remain silent . still in shock -- morgan I would say he 's cover for you . Morgan look to eli . he look up at she . contemplate that . morgan which ... I might just advise you to let he do , give you be a minor and you have get you whole life ahead of you . eli slow . digest that . look off to Jimmy -- eli what 's gonna happen to my brother ? morgan he 's gonna go away for a while . ( beat ) but if he keep cooperate -- it might not be for as long as he think . Morgan hold . look at eli a little more dire now -- morgan as a incident on public record , you have manage to raise some eye - brow . crazy look weapon and man in armored suit vanish into thin air ... there be people who be gonna want to talk to you . eli remain quiet . 119 . morgan but we can go over that later . for now , just sit tight -- eli hold on this -- eye Morgan as she rise , move off . eli watch she go . and then see -- -- Jimmy , still cuffed , be hoisted to he foot . lead away by a detail of uniform police . Jimmy and eli catch each other 's eye . Jimmy nod . jut he chin as he go . still Jimmy . as he 's load into a cruiser , eli catch Jimmy 's gaze , stand there -- eli offer up that now - familiar all good wink . Jimmy , across the lot -- grin wide , send it back ... eli ( v.0 . ) you do not get to choose family . int . back of the cruiser - moving away - continuous Jimmy , with he wrist still cuffed -- raise they into a little wave -- watch he little brother 's figure recede into the faraway distance behind he -- eli ( v.0 . ) you do not . just cause someone be , it do not mean they can not hurt you . do not mean they will not . ext . blue fall police station - continuous eli look -- out through the crowded lot -- just out . eli ( v.0 . ) all you can do when it come to the people you love be brace yourself . across the face of the world he can see beyond . we world . eye traversing its contour as though feel for what 's beyond . for who . a light wind pick up . _ eli ( v.0 . ) that 's just how it be . and eli hold ... and we CUT to black .