huntsman and son written by Jane Goldman and Matthew Vaughn April 2013 ext . moroccan palace - day . 1 we fade up on a yellow walkman , and hear deee - lite 's '' groove be in the heart '' . it belong to a guard practice he dance move outside a remote moorish palace . another guard be more chill . until : on the horizon : a helicopter come in fast and low , four armed men hang from it , on rope . they wear gas mask . the man shoot both Guards . then they blow out the window and swing inside , expertly release from they rope . moment later , the palace window blow out . Fire and smoke billow . through the comm , we hear , over gunshot : male voice ( v.0 . ) Area secure ... eye on the target ... target secure . we move in through a break window to find ... int . palace study - day . 2 the four operative , tie a terrorist to a chair . the first operative perform a swift body check , then remove he gas mask . this be jack lincoln , 32 , handsome , calm and assure . another man remove he mask . late 20 , black , good-look . his code name be merlin . he nod respectfully to Jack . a second follow suit . early 20 , white , well - groom , ooze aristocratic confidence . he will come to be know as lancelot . it take a nudge from merlin to prompt the third to remove he mask . this be lee , 22 - rugge face , army haircut and strong London accent . he look to Jack , apologetic . lee sorry , sir . Jack draw a gun and address he captive in perfect Arabic . jack we know there 's a second attack plan today . I need the location . it all take five shot to take you beyond repa so I suggest you answer quickly . still no response . Jack shoot he swiftly in both leg . the terrorist scream and slump forward . jack ( cont 'd ) that 's two . you do not want to find out where I will put the third . 2 . Jack aim for the terrorist 's groin . the terrorist sit up . he 's smile . between he tooth he hold : a grenade pin . without hesitation , Lee dive onto he , with a warning cry . lee grenade ! it detonate . Lee and the terrorist be kill instantly . Jack , lancelot and merlin be blow back by the force , but thanks to Lee , they be alive . they pick themselves up . jack shit . I miss it . how do I fuck miss it ? merlin time be of the essence , sir . could have happen to any one of we . jack if it have be one of the trainee , it would have be forgivable . Jack glance regretfully at Lee . then gather himself . jack ( cont 'd ) where do this leave we , merlin ? merlin Lee be the stronger candidate , sir . as I believe he just make evident . but Hugo 's test performance have be flawless . merlin indicate lancelot . Jack extend he hand to he . jack welcome to huntsman . int / ext . taxi / council estate - night . 3 a bleak , run-down estate . a london taxi pull up . no ordinary cab - the interior look like a gentleman 's club . Jack sit with a dignify older go , arthur , 5as . Arthur gaze out of the window with a look of disgust . arthur revolting place . jack we will not be here long . arthur I still dispute whether we need to be here at all . jack '' rule be rule . '' that 's you motto , be not it , Arthur ? arthur the rule be for gentleman . jack they be for huntsman . arthur and that young man be not one . jack not yet . but he behave as much like a huntsman as any of that smug elitist the other put forward for the job . if it be not for he , I would not be here . arthur be that what 's troubling you , galahad ? or the fact that you little experiment fail ? jack with respect , Arthur — - you be a snob , arthur with respect ? Jack open the car door and climb out . jack the world be change . there 's a reason aristocrat develop weak chin . int . council flat - day . 4 the front room of a small but neatly - keep flat . on the wall be a large frame shopping - mall portrait : Lee in army uniform with he wife , michellh , 20 , and they little son , bggsy , 4 . jack ( 0.c . ) we very much regret that you husband 's bravery can not be publicly celebrate . I hope you understand . on the floor , eggsy play with pokemon card , desperately try to ignore the conversation , determine not to cry . michelle ( 0.c. ) how can I if you will not tell I anything ? I do not even know he be not with he squad -- now we see Jack and Michelle , sit close by . Jack hold out a beautiful medal . she take it , study it . jack I be so sorry I can not say more . but I would like to present you with this . it 's a guinevere Cross . very rare , and to that who know what it be , very highly respected . ( Michelle hand it back ) I know it 's not much comfort . but -- see on the back here ? that 's my number . as a more concrete gesture of gratitude , I have like to offer ... let 's call it a favour . michelle what do you mean ? jack the nature of it be you choice . just tell the operator '' oxford not brogue , '' then I will know it 's you . michelle sorry , what ? who the hell be you ? jack someone well - place to help . but I be afraid I can offer only one favour . so you may want to save it for a emergency . Jack hold the medal out to she again . she just stare . michelle I do not need you help . I need my husband back . she get up , walk to the door and open it . Jack stand . he look at eggsy , who stare doggedly at he card . Jack lay the medal on the pokemon card . eggsy pick it up . jack what 's you name , young man ? little eggsy eggsy . jack take care of that , eggsy . and take good care of you mother , too . ext . mountain chalet - day . 5 a magnificent chalet nestle near a snowy forest . armed guard linger outside . under a caption : '' 17 year later '' . int . chalet - day . 6 lavish decor , at odd with its occupant -- a hood man tie to a art deco chair , surround by five goons . the biggest goon carefully remove the hood , revealing the prisoner . this be professor alan swanson , 40s . there 's gaffer tape over he mouth . the goon start to gently peel it off . biggest goon so sorry , Professor swanson . just a tiny bit more , I be try not to -- the tape be half off now . the goon tug gingerly at it . swanson for god 's sake , just rip it off ! biggest goon I be under very strict instruction not to hurt you , but -- the goon comply , wince . swanson do not flinch . swanson look , you have make a mistake . I 'ma university lecturer . I have get no money . biggest goon God no , this be not about money . you be in no danger , we boss just want to talk to you . he 's a fan . swanson be I mean to find that reassure ? goon let I get you a drink . you be a whiskey man , right ? hey , Red ? can you get a selection of we finest single malt , please ? another goon - red - hustle out . suddenly , swanson 's expression shift : first relief , then anger . swanson wait , be this one of that prank tv show ? biggest goon look , you will have a drink , we boss will be here soon , he ’1ll explain everything . honestly , we whiskey selection ? you will shit . we get a 1943 dalmore that 's just -- a knock at the door . the confuse goon go to answer it . it 's lancelot . late 30 now , and wear a excellent suit , he 's even more dash and assure than in he youth . lancelot I suppose ask to borrow a bowl of sugar be a step too far ? before anyone have a chance to respond , lancelot draw he weapon and shoot every goon in the room . Stone dead . lancelot ? ( cont ’d ) Professor swanson . I be here to take you home . swanson this ... be not a tv show , be it . behind he , Red re-enter carry a tray of various rare malt whisky . see the carnage , he reach for he gun -- but lancelot spin around , shoot Red dead and lunge just in time to catch the tray in he free hand as Red crumple . lancelot 1943 dalmore . it have be a sin to spill any , do not you think ? suddenly there 's another knock at the door . lancelot -- still hold the whiskey in one hand -- ready he weapon . suddenly , from another room , a male figure cartwheel in with unbelievable speed and agility . he wear a pair of paralympic - quality running blade . this be gazelle , 30 . before he can react , gazelle amputate lancelot 's gun hand with a graceful arc of one - apparently razor sharp - blade . lancelot drop the whiskey in shock . gazelle catch it ... -.- and continue to hold it steadily throughout the brief but intense fight that ensue . lancelot give it he best , but he 's no match for gazelle and he fearsome samurai run blade . the whiskey survive . lancelot , ala , do not . swanson react in stunne shock . gazelle casually stride away to answer the front door . it 's he boss , valentine . he 's a Mark Zuckerberg type , 20 . Valentine take the whiskey , open it and sniff it happily . valentine my kind of welcome . then , take in the carnage , and swanson 's haunt face , he move to a nearby counter where he pour two glass . valentine ( cont ’d ) look like Professor swanson could use a drop , too . gazelle slice the terrify swanson 's rope , freeing he . Valentine head over with the whiskey . he hand a glass to swanson , apologetic , and then downs he own in one . valentine ( cont 'd ) I all never get use to bloodsh . make I very nervous . ( awkward pause ) look like we have that in common ! ( pause for a laugh that do not come ) truly , I mean you no harm . I have read all you papers , watch all you interview . like , I adore you , and wanna help you and I be so sorry you have to witness all this violence due to we unwanted guest . I promise you , by the time I have find out who he work for , you and I will be best of friend . int . eggsy 's room - night 7 the photograph we see before of Lee and he family stand propped up against a wall . we can hear gunfire . eggsy , now 21 and look like someone who have mug you for you phone , lounge on he bed , play call of duty . from 0.s. over the gunfire , we hear : michelle ( 0.8 . ) eggsy ! I say come here ! with a sigh , eggsy pause the game . int . eggsy's mum' flat - night . 8 eggsy enter . the room be now dirty , dilapidate . Michelle look wear down , slovenly . she 's slump on the couch , smoking , flanke by two shady man : dean , 42 and kenzie , 27 . a toddler in a sagging diaper wander around aimlessly . michelle you get any rizlas , love ? eggsy no . dean go and get we some , then . eggsy get ‘em yourself . michelle oi . what nve I say about talk to Dean like that ? eggsy look at Dean with distaste , then nod at kenzie . eggsy Three 's a crowd , innit . why do not Dean 's poodle go ? Dean stand up . he 's big , intimidating . he produce a ten pound note from he pocket and force it into eggsy 's hand . dean get you mum the rizlas and some beer and I 'l tell you what : while you be go we will show she three can be good company . eggsy struggle to control he impulse to deck Dean . michelle give he twenty , Dean , then he can buy himself a drink and all . she whisper something in Dean 's ear . he smile , pull out another tenner . reluctantly , eggsy take it . michelle ( cont 'd ) cheer , love . and do I a favour , can you take you sister ? she 's do my head in . seethe , eggsy scoops up the toddler and storm out . ext . council block hallway - night . eggsy stand in a windy , graffity walkway , stabbing at a elevator button . in he arm , he sister begin to grizzle . eggsy take off he hoodie and wrap it around she . eggsy that 's better , innit ? he push the button again . still nothing . eggsy kick the elevator door and head for the urine - puddle stairwell . 10 11 ext . council block hallway - night . 10 a identical cold , dirty walkway . eggsy stand at the open door to a flat talk to a elderly indian lady , mrs joshi . mrs joshi oh come on eggsy , not again . eggsy I will only be twenty minute . she take eggsy 's sister . he kiss they both on the cheek . int . pub — night . 11 a grim pub . eggsy sit in a corner drink with two mate -- ryan and jamal . ryan if Dean treat you mum so bad why do not she leave he ? jamal low self -esteem , that 's she problem . ryan fuck off , why would she have low self - esteem ? eggsy 's mum 's fit . eggsy 's not really listen . he stare into he pint . eggsy one of this day ... I be gonna smash he face in . jamal be you mental , cuz ? he would just get that lot to do you and pretend he do not know nothing about it . without really think , jamal point over at a bunch of six gang member at a nearby table . they notice . first gang boy what you say , blud ? second gang boy think you can chat shit about we and we will not do nothing just cos we guvnor 's bang eggsy 's mum ? eggsy pretty much , yeah . the first boy stand up and walk over to the table . he loom over eggsy , huge . eggsy 's mate freeze . jamal hiss to he . 12 13 10 , jamal leave it , fam . let 's just go . they be not worth it . a tense stand off for a beat . then eggsy get up and head for the door . his friend follow , relieved . the gang jeer . ext . pub - night 12 eggsy , Ryan and jamal swagger out , try as hard as they can not to look like they nve retreat . ryan yeah . be not worth it . jamal nod in agreement .. he and Ryan both pull up they hood before they walk on . eggsy do not follow they -- he walk towards the curb instead , stop at a parked car . eggsy why you walk ? it 's freezing . he produce a set of car keys and start to unlock the car , jamal who 's car 's that ? eggsy gesture back towards the pub and grin . eggsy his , innit . take the key out he pocket when he come over . ryan shit , son ! the boy all explode into laughter and pile into the car . the door slam shut , eggsy gun the engine and the gang burst out of the pub just in time to see eggsy pull out . first gang boy you be fuck dead ! eggsy throw he a '' wanker '' hand gesture as he tear away . int / ext . car / street - night . 13 the car roar through the street . Inside , the boy laugh uproariously . ryan floor it , egqgsy ! jamal if they do not : kill you , Dean will . 14 15 16 will . eggsy the only person with the right to kill I be whoever actually pay for this car . suddenly , a siren . flashing light . eggsy ( cont 'd ) shit . jamal do you have more than two pint ? eggsy like that 's my biggest problem . ext . run - down STREET - night . 14 eggsy slam the car into reverse and gun into a side street . int . police car - night . 15 the two cop watch , incredulous and grudgingly impressed . drive cop bloody hell . shotgun cop ( into the radio ) requesting back up -- int / ext . car / side STREET / alley / STREET - night . 16 eggsy roar backwards up the side street . tension and excitement in the car now . suddenly a second folice car loom into view . eggsy turn sharply onto a pedestrian alley . jamal the fuck be you do ? eggsy fed car can not get down here . he 's absolutely right . the police car slow , then drive on . Inside , the boy laugh hysterically . eggsy back fast out of the alley , onto another street , a broad grin on he face , until : a fox run across the road . eggsy swerve to avoid it ... and lose control . the car hurtle towards the pavement and hit a lamp - post . 17 18 19 12 . smoke pour from under the hood . the first police car turn into the street , siren blaring . int . car - night . 17 the airbag have inflate . eggsy struggle behind it , try to get he seat - belt undone . ryan dickhead ! jamal fox be vermin , cuz ! you should have drive it over ! eggsy ' 's seat - belt be jamme . outside , a second siren howl . egssy I should have do a lot of thing . I will sort this . get out . {off they confuse look ) I say get out . they do . as they run , eggsy accelerate violently , smashing into the Police car , give he friend a escape route . ext . jack mews house - day . 18 a charming London mews . the camera crane down to a copy of a tabloid newspaper lie outside the front door of one house . the door open and a hand pick it up . we jib up to reveal Jack , now 49 , sport a beautiful tailore dress gown . he smile as he read the headline -- '' bikini ready ! kim kardashian lose 15 lbs '' -- then shut the door . int . jack 's house — day . 19 as we follow Jack inside , we realize that the mews house be , in fact , huge -~ the whole row have be knock through . in Jack 's study area , a classic silver teapot and bone China cup stand on he desk . the wall be cover in framed tabloid newspaper headline . each more trivial than the last . Jack discard he tabloid , settles at he computer and start to read the Financial Times online while sip he tea . we track in to he wrist to see : a magnificent dent watch , so thin that it look paint on . suddenly , the face glow red . Jack press a button on the watch and hastily get up . 20 21 22 13 . ext . huntsman - day . 20 the discreet , classy shop -front of a tailor shop on London 's savile row . the awning read : '' huntsman . established 1849 . " Jack 's classic bristol car pull up outside and Jack alight . int . huntsman - day . 21 a couple of well -dress tailor nod respectfully to Jack . well-dressed tailor Arthur be in the dining room , six . int . huntsman dine room - day . 22 Arthur , now late 60 , sit alone at a large table . he wear glass . before he : be exquisite decanter , a brandy snifter and a leather bound file . there be twelve empty chair . jack Arthur . arthur galahad . finally . the other be concerned that we may be make a double toast . there 's another brandy at one seat . Jack sit down here and retrieve a pair of glass like Arthur 's . he put they on . jack Pov : the previously empty seat be now occupy -- by ten gentlemen , wear wonderful suit and identical glass . Jack exchange nod of greeting with they . then he eye alight on the single empty seat . his face register dismay . jack so I take it that it 's lancelot we be drink to . arthur I be sorry . now we be all present ... gentlemen , I be thankful to say that it 's be seventeen year since we last have occasion to use this decanter . and , as ever , the circumstance make even a 1815 napoleonic brandy taste bitter . lancelot be a outstanding agent and a true huntsman , and he will be sorely miss . ( vaise he glass ) to lancelot . 23 14 . jack Pov : the other agent have brandy snifter too . they raise they solemnly , then down the brandy in one . arthur ( cont 'd ) to matter practical , before we disperse , one : galahad will take over lancelot : 's current mission . two : I intend to begin the selection process for lancelot 's replacement tomorrow . I expect each of you to propose a candidate and have they report to UK hq no later than nine pm GMT . thank you . jack Pov : the other agent acknowledge the order before remove they glass . as they do , they disappear from view . int . police station - interview room - day . 23 eggsy be sit in front of a policeman and policewoman , stare at a document that lie on the table between they . eggsy I just wanna get this straight , right ? if I sign this , and then I tell you who steal the truck with all they flat screen tv 's last month , you give I full immunity . policeman that 's right . and the alternative be , you go down , and you be look at eighteen month . at least . eggsy I can just walk right out of here ? the officer nod . eggsy smile , sign the document and hand it over . the officer stare , wait with bait breath . egssy ( cont 'd ) the person who steal the truck be ... the person you be look at right now . ( get up ) Nice do business with you . the policeman leap up and slam eggsy onto the desk . eggsy ( cont 'd ) oh come on , bruv ! a deal 's a deal . police man do not work like that . Nice try , though . 24 15 . police woman you can give we hame , or we can just bin it . it 's up to you . eggsy I wanna exercise my right to make a phonecall . the policeman let go of he , police man I hope it 's to you mum to say you be go to be eighteen month late for dinner . eggsy reach inside he tee-shirt for the gold chain he 's wear . hanging off it be the guinevere Cross . int . huntsman dine room ~ day . 24 Arthur pass Jack the file . Jack open it . behind Arthur , a beautiful , ornate antique mirror transform into : a screen . arthur lancelot be investigate a group of mercenary experiment with biological weaponry . on the screen : a horrific image of naked , bloodied african men . they appear to be try to eat one another . arthur ( cont 'd ) uganda , 2012 . synthetic cathinone . jack like bath salt ? the street drug ? arthur they put it in the water supply at a guerilla army base ... rage ... cannibalism . multiple fatality . on the screen : a room fill with bullet- riddled corpse . arteur ( cont 'd ) Chechnya , 2013 . insurgent turn on one another . indisputably cause by we mercenary . but this time , no trace of chemical of any kind . jack unconnect with the first attack ? arthur all they attack be unconnected . and none could be link to any one political interest . 16 . jack well they be mercenary ... so , what happen to lancelot ? arthur I be afraid this be where the story become a little ... odd . on the screen : a photo of the high - security mountain chalet . arthur ( cont 'd ) he track they to this property , in Argentina . and while he have they under surveillance , he become aware that they would effect a kidnap . he try to execute a solo rescue mission . fail . this be he last transmission ... on the screen : word appear . '' kidnap victim be professor alan swanson . '' jack do not sound especially odd . who be he ? arthur some climate change doom -sayer . expound something call gaia Theory . overpopulation as a virus , earth try to heal itself or some such . what 's curious be that he 's not actually miss . this be he . in London this morning . on the screen : a cctv image of the professor appear . arthur ( cont 'd ) well , it 's all yours . and do not forget you membership proposal . Arthur slide the file to Jack , who stand to leave . jack nine pm at base . absolutely . arthur try pick a more suitable candidate this time . jack ( amused ) seventeen year ... and still , evolve with the time remain a entirely foreign concept to you . 25 26 27 17 . int . police station - interview room - day . 25 with some uncertainty , eggsy dial the number on the back of the medal . it ring . eggsy react in surprise and delight . receptionist ( v.o. ) customer complaint , how may I help you ? eggsy ummm , my name be eggsy price and ... sorry , Chester price . and I be up shit creek . I be in camberwell police station and ... my mum tell I to call this number if I ever need help . and ... yeah . I need help . so ... hello ? you still there ? receptionist ( v.0 . ) I '' sorry sir , I think you have a wrong number , eggsy wait ! wait ! oxford not brague ? receptionist ( v.0o . ) certainly , sir . please hold . questionable lounge music play down the phone . the longer eggsy stay on hold , the more surreal this all seem to he . receptionist ( v.0 . ) thank you for hold , sir . you complaint have be duly note , and we hope that we have not lose you as a loyal customer . the line go dead . eggsy 's face fall . great . int . police station - day . 26 the policeman we see before be fill in paperwork . the phone ring on he desk . he answer . listen a moment . then : policeman you what ??... I ... yes . yes , I totally understand . he really do not . ext . police station - day . 27 it 's raining . eggsy exit . Jack igs outside , in he car . jack eggsy ! would you like a lift home ? 28 eggsy who be you ? jack the man who get you release . int . jack 's car - day . eggsy have never see a car like this before . eggsy be this a kit car ? jack its a bristol . one of the finest example of british engineering . eggsy so it 's shit , then . jack it 's only seven minute to you flat from here . do you really want to spend it talk about my car ? eggsy how do you know where I live ? jack when be you go to ask I a more interesting question ? eggsy alright , here 's two . who the fuck be you and how would you get I out ? jack badly phrase , but a good effort . my name be Jack lincoln , I work for a London tailor call huntsman and I give you that cross . you father save my life . eggsy you be in the army ? like , a officer ? jack not quite . eggsy never meet anybody who know my dad . ' cept my mum , obviously . listen , can I buy you a drink , though ? like , to say thank you ? 18 . 28 19 , jack splendid idea . they pull up outside the dodgy pub eggsy be at last night . Jack reach into the back seat for a umbrella . egssy yeah , no ... not here . you will not like it , trust I . jack nonsense . it say they have draught guinness . what more can one ask ? 29 int . pub - day . 29 the pub be empty . eggsy 's face flood with relief . at the bar , the barman eye eggsy suspiciously . eggsy two halve of guinness . jack ( hand over a tenner ) make it two pint , please . eggsy cheer . so , where be you post , you and my dad ? Iraq or something ? jack I be sorry , eggsy . classify . eggsy I think my mum have be on the erack pipe when she tell I about the number . feel guilty now . they take they drink to a corner table . Jack downs half of he guinness . eggsy sip he . jack so . want to know something about you dad ? the day he die , I miss something . and if it be not for you dad 's courage , my mistake would have cost the life of every man present . so I owe he . he be a brave man . a good man . and have read you fille , I think he have be bitterly disappointed in the choice you have make . eggsy whoa , hold the fuck up . you can not just say shit about I like that ! 20 . jack I can and I will . huge i9 , great performance at primary school ... then it all go tit up . drug , petty crime , never have a job ... eggsy think there 's a lot of job go round here , do you ? jack do not explain why you quit the paras . you be halfway through training . and do brilliantly , I might add . but you give up . eggsy because my mim go mental ? bang on about lose I as well as my dad . do not want I be cannon fodder for snob like you . judge people like I from you ivory tower with no think about why we do what we do . we be not get much choice , you get I ? and if we be bear with the same silver spoon up we arse , we would do just as well as you . if not better . eggsy 's so work up that he have not even notice that the six gang boy have come in . and they be look right at he . first gang boy the fuck be you do here ? you take the piss ? eggsy leap up . Jack do not move . eggsy tug he sleeve . jack some more example of young man who simply need a silver suppository ? eggsy no , there be exception . come on . Jack watch apathetically as the gang walk towards they . jack nonsense , we have not finish we drink . the barman watch too , anxious . he 's not go to intervene . the gang reach eggsy and Jack 's table . first gang boy I tell Dean what you do . he say that make you fair game . he do not give a shit what you mum say . 21 . jack listen , boy , I have have a really frustrating day . whatever you beef with eggsy be -- and I be sure it 's well - found -- I would appreciate it enormously iff you could just leave we in peace until I have finish this lovely pint of guinness . the boy exchange incredulous look . second gang boy better get out the way , grandad , or you be gonna get hurt and all . eggsy he be not joke . you should go . a beat . then Jack get up , retrieve he umbrella and head for the door . first gang boy you want another rent boy , they be on the cornex of Smith Street ! the gang all laugh . Jack do not react , keep walk . he reach the door ... and bolt it shut . he turn back around to face they . jack manners maketh the man . do you know what that mean ? ( off the stunne silence ) then let I teach you a lesson . eggsy watch , staggered , as Jack approach first gang Boy . jack ( cont 'd ) well ? be we go to stand around all day or be we go to fight ? the gang be just about . to erupt into shocked laughter when -- crack ! Jack land a mighty right hook , follow up by a swift elbow to the jaw . the hoy go down like a sack of potato . a beat -- disbelief -- then the rest of the gang rush Jack ... and there follow the most one - sided five - on - one fight we have ever see . Jack systematically beat the crap out of the remain gang boy , use a breathtaking combination of exceptional fight skill and incredible spy gadget . Jack 's umbrella turn out to have a multitude of function . two boy have knive - a magnet in Jack 's watch disarm they . one boy grab Jack 's wrist to get the watch -- it give he a electric shock . 30 22 , at one point , Jack see the barman get out he phone ... Jack get out he lighter ... which release a dart . the dart fly into the man 's neck , and he collapse . in no time , all six gang boy be on the floor , out cold . eggsy stare at Jack . Jack meet he eye , apologetic . jack ( cont 'd ) sorry about that . need to let off a little steam . Heard this morning that a friend of mine die . he know you father , too , actually . funny . eggsy glance over with concern at the unconscious barman . jack ( con ' T ’d ) he will be alright . just a tranquilizer . with a little something throw in to blank a couple of hour memory . not terribly different to what they give you at the dentist . he pull out he lighter again ... and point it at egqsy . eggsy back away , hand ; hold up defensively . jack ( cont 'd ) I do apolog . , eggsy . I should not have do this in front of you . eggsy no , please ! I will not say nothing , I swear ! if there 's one thing I can do it 's keep my mouth shut . ask the fed ! I have never grass anyone up ! jack you will not tell a soul , be that a promise ? eggsy on my life . Jack lower the lighter and clap eggsy on the shoulder . jack much appreciate , eggsy . and you be right about the snob . but there too , there be exception . best of luck with everything . int . oval office - day . 30 Close on Valentine , hold up a photograph of lancelot . then he sigh , put it down . we can not see who he 's talk to . 31 23 . valentine great . you do not know , the CIA do not know , no one know who this guy be . Fine . seriously , it 's fine . well , it 's not actually fine . but it 's not why I be here . he put the photograph away in a briefcase , then lean in . valentine ( cont 'd ) look , you know I . money have never be my issue . all I ever hear at Princeton be how lucky I be to inherit a oil fortune . so I go to MIT instead , and then my tech company be worth more than my oil company , knock myself off the forbe top spot , yada yada . Point be , you know where the profit go . ( a beat ) try to save the planet . Climate change research , lobby . year of work . billion of dollar . and you know why I quit ? because last time I check , the planet be still screw . so here 's my epiphany : money can not solve this . the idiot who call themselves politician have bury they head in the sand , stand for nothing but be - election . the last two year , I have look for a real solution . and I find it . and if you really want to make the world a better place , listen the hell up , very carefully , because I be gonna tell it to you . we pull back to reveal that Valentine be in the oval Office , talk to the president . president go on , Mr Valentine . as usual , I be all ear . int . eggsy's mum 's flat - sunset . 31 Michelle and Dean be watch tv , Dean play a game on he iphone , Michelle texting . eggsy 's sister sleep beside they . the door open and eggsy enter . Michelle and Dean leap up . michelle where the heil have you be ?! go all night , all day , I have be worried sick , Mrs joshi say -- she break off in shock as Dean punch eggsy . hard . 32 24 . michelle ( cont 'd ) Dean ! Dean proceed to beat the crap out of eggsy . eggsy try to fight back , but Dean be huge . Michelle scream in protest . dean shut you mouth ! I have have it with he . he need to learn some respect . winding up my business associate , nick they car ! ( to eggsy , punch he ) and now you mate 's go and put four of ‘em in hospital . who be he ? who be you with in the pub ? eggsy no one ! dean you be gonna fuck tell I or I will rip you head off , I swear . as Dean punch eggsy again , we track past Dean 's fist ... and land on a tiny dot on eggsy 's shoulder . right where Jack pat he . we track in until darkness fill the screen ... int . jack study - sunset . 32 ... and track out again to reveal that we be now in Jack 's study . he 's hang up a framed newspaper headline beside the other . '' bikini ready ! kim kardashian lose 15 lbs '' . the sound of Dean 's assault be clearly audible in here . michelle ( v.0 . ) Dean , stop it ! eggsy , tell he ! egssy ( v.0o . } I do not know what he 's talk about , I be not with no one ! crunch . the sound of another strike . then eggsy , groaning . Jack raise a eyebrow and walk calmly over to he desk . on Jack 's computer we see file show information on half a dozen young soldier . Jack close they all . now there 's just a microphone icon and a soundwave BOX , move in synch with the audio transmit from eggsy 's home . dean ( v.0 . ) I could kill you , and the world would not even notice . Jack click on the microphone icon and lean in closer . jack but I would . 33 34 35 36 25 . int . eggsy 's mum' flat ! ~ sunset . 33 the assault be on hold . Dean , Michelle and eggsy look around , baffle . Jack 's voice be come from every electronic item . jack ( v.0 . ) I have enough evidence on you activity to have you lock away for the rest of you life , Mr. Dean Anthony Baker . so I suggest you leave the boy alone or I will be force to deliver it to the appropriate authority . dean what the fuck be go on ? take advantage of Dean 's confuse state , eggsy heave himself to he foot and bolt for the front door . jack ( v.0 . ) and I suggest that from now on that you treat Michelle with the respect that she deserve . over and out . the sound from the tv resume . Dean get up to examine it . Michelle be glaze , in shock . what the hell just happen ? ext . huntsman - night . 34 eggsy stand outside the close store , peer in . Jack be inside , sit on a sofa . eggsy try the door . it 's open . int . huntsman - night . 35 eggsy look around , out : of place . Jack stand to greet he . jack glad you make it . follow I . int . fitting room - night . 36 huntsman 's lavish fitting room . there 's a life - size wooden horse in here . Jack steer eggsy towards a mirror . jack what do you see ? eggsy someone who want to know what the fuck be go on ? jack I see a young man with potential . a young man who be loyai . ( more ) 26 . jack ( cont 'd ) who can do as he 's ask . who want to do something good with he life . do you see the movie Trading place ? eggsy no . jack what about nikita ? the dirty Dozen ? ( eggsy shake he head ) pretty woman ? ( eggsy look affront ) alright . my point be , the lack of a silver spoon have set you on a certain path . but you need not stay on it . if you be prepare to adapt , and learn , you can transform . eggsy like in my Fair Lady ? jack well , you be full of surprise . yes. like my fair Lady . interested ? ( off eggsy 's nod ) good . see that horse ? get on it . eggsy be you take the piss ? Jack do not answer . eqgsy climb on , self - conscious . eggsy ( cont ’d ) what 's this for ? jack so that a gemtleme can see how he new jacket hang when mount . now give it a kick and say : '' tally ho . '' eggsy fuck off ! ( off Jack 's silence ) " tally ho . '' ( nothing happen ) what do that do ? jack nothing , I just want to see how you be at follow order . ( a beat ) this , however ... Jack smile and pat the horse 's flank three time ... and the room begin to sink ! eggsy look around in wonder . 37 38 27 . eggsy what be this place ? obck the finest tailor in London . eggsy no , I mean ... all this ? jack since 1849 , huntsman have clothed the world 's most powerful individual . and at the close of World War one , the notion be conceive that the wealth and influence of we connection could be channel for the great good . the room stop move . Jack motion for eggsy to dismount . then he open the door . on the other side be now ... int . monorail terminus - night . 37 a sleek chamber , like a mini subway platform . eggsy boggle . jack and so begin we other venture . a independent , international intelligence agency operate at the high level of discretion ... above the bureaucracy and politics that undermine the integrity of government - run spy organization . suddenly , noise . a capsule- like carriage shoot in . stop . a door slide open . Jack step in . eggsy follow , mind blow . T c. age - night . 38 there be four recline seat inside . Jack and eggsy sit . jack the suit be a modern gentleman 's armor , and the huntsman agent be the new knight . seatbelt ? eggsy fumble with he belt as the carriage glide into the tunnel ... and then they hurtle away at unfathomable speed . eggsy Holy shit . jack do not worry , it 's perfectly safe . Standard mag-lev system -- magnet . ( more ) 39 40 41 28 . jack ( cont 'd ) we vacuum tunnel just make it a little nippier . but it rarely go above mach one . be you alright ? eggsy where be we go ? jack eq . we be recruiting a new member , and the selection process be about to begin . if you agree , I have like to put you forward as my proposal . the carriage come to a sudden stop . int . secret base terminus — night . 39 a much larger chamber , with a huge door at the end of it . eggsy and Jack alight and head for the door . it open onto ... int . secret base hangar - night . 40 a vast underground hangar . a bondaholic 's wet dream . a blenheim bomber and f2 fighter hang from the vault ceiling . eggsy can not believe he eye as he follow Jack past one amazing thing after another : car , gadget , jet -— pack . jack before you make you mind up , there 's something you need to know . eggsy as if I be go to bail out now ! he gesture around at all the cool stuff . jack you father try out for membership of huntsman . he be on he final field test when he die . this business be not without risk . eggsy you think I have anything to lose ? Jack nod , a little wistfully . understand . jack then let 's get you sign in . int . ; c_ room - night . 4l eggsy and Jack enter the rec room to see EIGHT young men and three young women stand around , chatter excitedly . 29 . merlin be here , too . mid 40s now , and even more handsome and poise . he mark the clipboard he 's hold , smile at Jack . merlin galahad . late again . jack ( to eggsy , explain ) my code name ... good luck . Jack pat eggsy on the shoulder and leave , look back like a parent drop he kid on the first day of kindergarden . eggsy hover awkwardly , then gravitate over to the other . merlin attention ! everyone leap to attention . eggsy be beside a small , mousy american girl : roxy , 22 . she do not take she eye off merlin , but discreetly pat eggsy on the back , reassure . merlin ( cont ’d ) lady and gentlemen , now we be all here : welcome . my name be merlin . and you be about to embark upon what be arguably the most dangerous job interview in the world . failure in any of the test you 'il undergo over the come week will mean you lose you chance at this job . but I need you to be aware that you could lose a great deal more . ( gesture to the wall ) can somebody tell I what this be ? hanging up be : a body bag . one man put up he hand quickly . aristocratic good look , well - groom , supremely confident . this be charlie , 23 . charlie a body bag , sir . merlin correct . Charlie , be not it ? charlie yes , sir . merlin excellent . on the table , you will find a marker pen . use it to write you name on the bag , plus contact detail for you next of kin . and in a moment , the rest of you will collect you body bag from that closet over there , and you will do the same . ( more ) 30 . merlin ( cont 'd ) by do so , you acknowledge the risk you face . you also acknowledge that you will never discuss you time here , even with you family . you break this rule , you put they at risk . {to Charlie ) well , what be you wait for ? Charlie break from the group and head for the body bag . merlin ( cont 'd ) why be this process so dangerous ? because the job you be compete for be a hundred time more so . if you be not up to it , we have prefer to know now , and not later , when the life of other may depend on it . do anybody want out ? the candidate 's eye dart around the room . anybody move ? eggsy 's eye meet roxy 's . they both look away quickly . merlin ( cont 'd ) when you be do with you bag , bed . the dorm be down the hall . Long day ahead tomorrow . fall out ! merlin leave the room and everyone hurry to the closet . a tall attractive danish blonde , amelia , 23 , get there first and start pass out the bag to the first four in line : ulrich ( macho , german ) , kenji ( slim , japanese ) , anton ( burotrashy , italian ) and saba ( tough-looking , ethiopian ) . at the back of the line , roxy shake eggsy 's hand . roxy roxanne . but call I roxy . egssy I be eggsy . roxy eggy ? eggsy no , eggsy . Charlie , stand close by , do with he task , overhear . charlie where do they dig you up ? roxy you know we be not allow to discuss who propose we . 31 . the boy in the line ahead of roxy have be eves-dropping . this be henri -- 21 , french , handsome , well - breed . he 's peg Charlie as the alpha male , and be keen to forge a alliance . henri no need to bite he head off . Charlie 's only make conversation . that 's right , Charlie , no ? ( shaking eggsy 's hand ) I be henri . two more boy -- rufus ( rugge , blonde , South African ) and ajit ( good-look , indian ) -- join the group . they have already get they bag . rufus have two and hand one to henri . henri ( cont ’d ) thank you . guy , this be '' eggsy '' . this be rufus and ajit . so , eggsy , be you Oxford or Cambridge ? rufus and ajit stifle a laugh . Charlie smirk , too . eggsy neither . charlie Harvard ? the other grin . this four be really bond now . rufus wait , I think we may have meet ... do you serve I at the McDonalds in gatwick airport ? eggsy no . but if I have , I have have give you a extra help of secret sauce . he mime wank onto a burger . there 's a silence . charlie definitely Harvard . henri , rufus and ajit explode into sycophantic laughter and head for the table with they bag . roxy , just ignore they . Amelia approach , carry the last three body bag . she hand one each to roxy and eggsy . roxy ( cont ’‘d ) thanks . Amelia , be not it ? Amelia , eggy . 42 32 . amelia hey eggy . do not take any notice of that guy . roxy that 's what I tell he . a suave Persian boy hand Amelia the pen . this be omar . omar for you , bebe . Amelia smile pleasantly and pass it to eggsy instead . roxy turn around , present she back for eggsy to use as a write surface and look back seductively over she shoulder . roxy here , use I , amelia she mean to write on . eggsy I know . he lean the bag on roxy . he write '' eggsy price '' . his hand shaking a little , he add : " mother : Michelle price . '' roxy it 's just scare tactic . classic army technique . nobody 's gonna die . eggsy glance up at rufus , ajit and henri , currently hoot with laughter at something Charlie have say . eggsy shame . int . arthur' base office - night . 42 the same layout as the London dining room , only everything be Zaha hadid-style modern . Jack and Arthur sit half - watch a screen with a live feed of the rec room , the sound low . arthur felt sorry for the boy , do you ? jack no . arthur well you should now . he will find this humiliate . still , at least you do not propose a woman . I mean , what be go on ? Jack indicate the screen , Charlie be hold court . 33 . jack emm . and that : 's you proposal ? Charlie , be it ? all the right credential besides have any understanding of the real world . he will be a perfect replacement for you one day . Arthur mute the sound from the screen completely . arthur I believe we be here to discuss new intelligence on the mercenary ? jack absolutely . the mountain property where lancelot die be purchase eighteen month ago . the fund be transfer from a numbered account at the bgk bank in Moscow . arthur then that 's as good as a dead end . jack why ? 43 sint . private bank - flashback - day . 43 arthur -- young here -- stand over a russian bank manager , a gun to the man 's head . on the desk be a list of name . arthur I will ask you one more time : do any of the organization on the list hold a account with you ? russian bank manager we do not discuss we client . arthur this be you last chance . he ready the trigger . click . the man do not flinch . russian bank manager we do not discuss we client . Arthur holster the gun , circle the desk and take a seat . arthur excellent . I would like to open a account , please . 44a 45 46 34 , int . arthur nos base office — night . 44 Arthur have just finish tell Jack this story . arthur and that be why we bank with they , not to mention that they fire - wall make the kgb 's look flimsy . you be look at a physical break - in , and even that 's ambitious . jack to Moscow it be , then . ext , secret base - night . 45 Jack exit . the base be huge , isolate , surround by wood . there 's a airstrip here , a beautiful bristol jet on the runway . Jack stride towards it . . D = ght . 46 a windowless army barrack - style dorm room with a wet room area at one end -- hand shower and toilet , all barely divide by low wall and barely conceal by a low basin counter along the front . privacy be go to be scarce . the recruit enter . all but eggsy have suitcase . they stream to the bed . Amelia , saba and roxy bag bed up one end . charlie oooh . all the girl together . Planning a little action ? roky why , do you need some tip ? eggsy find one bed leave , between roxy and Anton . Anton unfold a velvet garment , puzzle . there 's one on every bed . eggsy unfold he . it 's a velvet jumpsuit . anton what the hell be this ?? omar regulation gear , I guess ? but why velvet ? so heavy ! eggsy and hot . charlie the sire jumpsuit . Winston churchill design it for himself . ( more ) a7 48 35 . charlie ( cont 'd ) not that I have expect you foreigner to know . eggsy I be English . charlie I be not even talk to you . I think it go without say that you would not . eggsy 's discomfort increase as everyone start change for bed . not only be he without a case , but everyone seem entirely relaxed about undress in front of one another . especially roxy . she remove everything but she brief , and start casually rummage in she case . she look to eggsy . roxy where 's you stuff ? egssy no one tell I to bring anything . roxy that suck . wanna borrow something to sleep in ? she throw he a tee-shirt and smile at he warmly . he smile back , grateful , but try to avert he eye . suddenly , the light turn off . there 's a collective groan . amelia look like it 's bedtime . everyone climb into bed . eggsy lie stare into the darkness for a while before close he eye . int . merlin 's office - night . 47 merlin put on he glass and settles at he computer . on the monitor be : blueprint for a building . int . huntsman jet - night . 48 the beautifully panell and upholster interior of the jet . Jack sit alone , sip a drink . his watch flash . he slip on he glass and look over to a empty seat . jack Pov : merlin be now sit in the seat . merlin Arthur instruct I to brief you on infiltrate the gbk mainframe . 49 36 . jack Fire away . under merlin 's v.0. , we now see the mission plan play out : montage : int / ext . russian bank - day . 49 -- the gbk bank building . well -dress russian enter . one be a tall woman -- fur coat , glove , large pricey handbag . merlin ( v.0 . ) the bank open at eight am . the lady 's be on the sixth floor . -- the woman enter a beautifully — appoint elevator . -- in a toilet cubicle , she look up at : a AIR vent . merlin ( v.o. ) the vent be above the last cubicle . the shaft will take you as far as the East fire escape . -- she remove she coat to reveal a fitte black sweater and ski pants ... and a rather manly body . then she tear off what we now realize be a wig , and a latex mask . this be jack . -- he climb into up the ventilation shaft , crawl along . -- he drop silently from a ceiling vent and race upstairs . merlin ( v.0 . ) the vault be two floor up ... on the north side of the building . -- on a landing , Jack apply a thick layer of purple resin to he palm . then open the window here and climb out . -~ he inch toward the corner of the building , the mystery resin somehow make he palm adhere to the masonry . merlin ( v.o. ) the security corridor be unmanned until eight fifteen am ... but the laser field will be active . you access point will be three point two metre firom the end . -- Jack slip in through a window . laser beam crisscross a corridor , a-la ocean 12 / entrapment . he expertly negotiate he way down it , leaping , ducking , slithering . impressive . he stop in the middle and get a gadget out of he bag . -- in a stark server room , a hole be cut into the ceiling . a clamp bite the hole . a cable be looped through the clamp . 50 s51 37 . merlin ( v.0 . ) you will have five minute . get in , get the info , get out . Jack drop down , now improbably wear a harness . he stop neatly above a computer and begin to tap at the keyboard . int . huntsman jet - night . 50 Jack look to the holographic merlin , aghast . jack that sound exhaust . merlin do you have a better plan ? jack as a matter of fact , I do . merlin shrug . then he look at he watch . and vanish . int . dorm - night . 51 eggsy be asleep . suddenly : a grinding noise . his eye open . above he , the ceiling of the dorm room be scrolling open like a car sun-roof . it move a couple of foot , then stop . a split second later : a tidal wave of water explode through the gap and crash into the room ! everyone scramble out of bed . the water be already knee deep on the floor and still sluice down from above . charlie it 's a test ! look for a way out ! henri , close to the door , lunge for the handle , struggle . henri it 's lock ! charlie no , it 's the pressure , pull harder . rufus and ajit join henri in pull the door , while Amelia , Omar , Anton and saba move to the wall , pound they . kenji the floor ! look under the bed ! kenji dive under water . ulrich follow . roxy climb onto she bed , which be situate under the open part of the ceiling , under the gush waterfall . 38 . roxy there 's no other open ! we have get to go through it ! give I a leg up ! eggsy climb onto she bed and comply , but as roxy move into the flow , she be wiolently throw back by the force ... and they both fall , landing in the now waist~high water . as she swim away , fight the current , eggsy look around , assess he next move . he see : Charlie , by the shower . eggsy roxy ! Amelia ! try the bathroom ! but they can not hear he over the gush water . eggsy swim over . Charlie be try to rip a hand -shower off the wall . eggsy ( cont ‘d ) breathe tube ? charlie in the loo ! it 's the only way . eggsy the loo ? charlie toilet . lavvy . shitter . whatever you chav call it . eggsy I know what one be , I mean -- the shower come away . Charlie hastily unscrew the head . charlie stick this in it , go past the U - bend : limitless air supply . simple physics . spread the word . Charlie smugly dive under water . eggsy yell to the group . eggsy grab a showex , shove it in the bog ! everyone swim over , fast . eggsy tear a shower from the wall , unscrew the heacl and hand it to roxy and Amelia . eggsy ( cont 'd ) we will have to share , take it in turn to breathe ! the other get to work pull the remain hand shower from the wall , then diving under the water with they hose . eggsy do not have one . the water be near the ceiling now . he take a deep breath and dive under . 52 39 . underwater : eggsy swim for the toilet . everyone be cluster there , take turn to breathe . Charlie and henri share a hose . eggsy tap Charlie , desperate for air . Charlie make a shooing motion , pass it to henri instead . eggsy swim up to the surface . there 's only a inch of air at the ceiling now . he take a last , desperate gasp before the water finally rise again , and there be no air leave . eggsy panic . he 's run out of breath when he glimpsis he reflection in the mirror run along the side wall . a flare of light catch he eye . he swim towards the mirror . eggsy touch he fingertip to it . a odd double-reflection . eggsy 's eye widen . and we pull back , through the mirror , to see : it 's a two way mirror . the dorm be a giant tank , build in cavernous observaticn room . merlin be in here , watch . with all the strength he can muster , eggsy rip a basin free and heave it at the mirror . and again . until it shatter ... Water flood through into the observation room , create a powerful current that drag the candidate ... int , observation room - night . 52 .-. and wash they out of the dorm , onto the floor of the observation room , gasp like fish from a break fish tank . merlin survey the group . merlin congratulation to all of you on complete you first test . and in particular , to Charlie ... and eggsy . who it seem have some experience with two - way mirror . ( off Charlie 's proud grin ) I would wipe that smirk off you face if I be you , and show some respect . not everybody pass . eggsy follow he gaze , and react in dismay . Amelia be still in the dorm , lie in a corner . motionless . merlin ( cont 'd ) train begin tomorrow , which I will have nothing to do with . watch people train be boring . when you see I , it mean there 's a test . you real dormitory be across the hall . get some sleep . they leave in somber silence . eggsy last , glance back at Amelia in disbelief . and two men enter , carry she bodybag . 53 54 55 40 . int . lavish russian live - room - day . 53 a expensively furnish live - room . two child in expensive clothes squeal with delight as a clown wear make - up and a carnival mask finish a elaborate balloon lion . we May or may not recognise the clown immediately as Jack . he pass it to the smaller child , who bounce happily , and then talk gently to the other child in Russian , subtitle . jack what animal would you like ? child penguin ! jack penguin ! my favorite ! smaller child lion be my favourite ! nanny , look ! we pull further back to see a young Russian nanny sit nearby . she do not look happy . she stare at : Jack 's belt . the handle of a gun be clearly visible . jack shall we show daddy ? hold it up to my little camera , he can see it . he point to a flower in he lapel . the child giggle . child that 's not a camera , silly ! int . private bank - moscow - day . 54 the Russian Bank manager from Arthur 's flashback be at he desk , sweat . on he computer , two window be open -- one data , the other live video of he kid and Jack -the-clown . bank manager I have get it ! I have get it . okay . I be send it now to the file drop you give I . and you will leave ? int . lavish live - room - day . 55 Jack glance at he watch . it flash . Jack smile . jack yup . just finish a penguin . a few more twist , and he hand it to the delighted child . 56 41 . jack ( cont ’d ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) I have to go . Lovely to meet you ! Jack stand and walk away , wave cheerfully as he leave , to loud '' awww " 's of protest from the child . ext . secret base - training area — day . 56 the recruit ( in jumpsuit ) follow merlin past a assault course , to a row of kennel contain puppies of all breed . merlin as some of you learn last night , team work be paramount at huntsman . but I need you all to learn that . before we do the assault course , you be each go to pick a puppy . he gesture to they to approach the pen . we follow eggsy down the row of eager puppy face . a tiny pug cock its head . merlin ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) from here on in , wherever you go , you dog go . you will care for it . you will train it . you dog be you responsibility at all time . choose you puppy . a clatter of cage door , barking . Charlie , henri , rufus and ajit bag the service breed : labrador , collie , alsatian . panick , eggsy grab the pug . roxy grab a standard poodle . egssy a poodle ? roxy what ? they be gun dog . oldest work breed . easy to train . ( look at he dog ) a pug ? eggsy it 's a bulldog , innit ? ( off she head - shake ) it will get bigger , though , will not it ? ( another head - shake ) shit . merlin attention ! everyone stand to attention , dog run around they foot . merlin ( cont 'd ) the last candidate to complete the course go home . go ! 57 42 . everyone rush for the assault course . eggsy look down ... then back to the kennel : he dog be still there . lying down . Charlie , henri , rufus and ajit leap onto the first obstacle , yelling instruction . they dog race off in every direction . Charlie catch he , smack it on the muzzle . charlie no! bad. stay . roxy , kenji , ulrich , saba , Omar and Anton show more patience , coax they dog gently . but it 's anarchy . suddenly , they all turn to stare at something ... eggsy be approach in a classic slow movie power walk of heroic determination . the right stuff. armageddon . reservoir dog . only slightly undercut by the little pug head poke out of the collar of eqgsy 's shirt . eggsy leap onto the first obstacle . Hand 's free , it 's easy . he continue , pass all the other recruit . forges ahead . Charlie , henri , rufus and ajit try fruitlessly to copy he . henri try to stuff he wriggle doberman into he shirt . Charlie have he shirt off and be try to tie he alsatian to he back in a papoose . it scrabble unhappily . charlie ( cont ’d ) Christ ! I swear , if this bastard scratch I again ... eggsy continue around the course , perfectly focuss . the pug look about as happy as a pug ever can . across the field , ajit chase after he escape labrador . at the last obstacle , merlin wait with a clipboard . int . huntsman dine room - day . 57 Jack and Arthur be at the table . jack the name on the account be fake . it 's entirely untraceable . arthur no surprise there . what else ? jack multiple regular payment to the mercenary . again , no surprise . but there be a lot of other rather large recent payment to individual . Rather prominent individual . ( more ) 58 43. jack ( cont 'd ) scientist , doctor , academic , artist , author . a few of they quite well know . arthur how bizarre . jack that be not even the most surprising discovery . that would have to be the very large payment make to Professor Alan swanson . arthur you mean fromm Professor swanson . ransom money . jack no , I do not . int . dorm - night . 58 everyone be asleep . they dog sleep too , in training crate at the end of each bed . one crate be empty , and the bed behind it - ajit 's bed - be empty as well , and stripped bare . the crate at the end of eggsy 's bed be also empty , but eggsy 's dog be asleep , curl up on the bed . suddenly : water rain down on eggsy ! he sit up , terrify -- not again !! Charlie be run away with a empty bucket . henri , rufus , ulrich , Omar and kenji practically wet themselves laugh . eggsy leap up and run at Charlie , livid . in a flash , roxy be out of bed . she pull eggsy away . roky eggsy , forget it . seriously . you will get throw out . it 's not worth it . eggsy maybe it 's worth it to I ! maybe I do not care if I get kick out ! roxy but maybe I care . maybe I want a little bit of real competition , here . if you be go : way too easy . her jokey brag make he smile . he let she push he back to he bed . his expression turn serious now . he whisper . eggsy why be you be nice to I ? 59 60 44 , roxy because I be nice . and because ten year ago , I would have be the one get ostracize . ( see he blank look ) make to feel different . just for have a vagina . egssy fuck off ! roxky I do not mean you have a vagina . that come out wrong . they both laugh . eggsy climb into he bed , feel better . ext . cambridge university courtyard - day . 59 a beautiful courtyard on the historic campus . establish . int . professor swanson '’s office - day . 60 swanson be wear a blue - tooth ear - piece , carry a cup of tea , as he enter . he drop the tea in shock as he see : Jack . sitting calmly in a armchair . swanson who be you ? get out ! Jack leap up , grab he by the collar . swanson whimper . jack my colleague die try to rescue you and I '' sure you see how well train he be . so I suggest you tell I who kidnap you and why they pay you to keep it quiet . swanson Excuse I ?? T have no idea what you be talk about . now please -—- Jack slap he . swanson start to scream . jack man up , I barely touch you ! Christ 's sake , I do not even -- suddenly , Professor swanson 's head spontaneously explode . literally . we be talk scanner , here . Jack be throw back . the back window shatter and two armed thug burst in . they open fire as Jack drag himself to the front window behind he and hurl himself through it . 61 62 63 64 45 . ext . cambridge university courtyard - day . 61 Jack lie on the ground . it be not the longest fall , but he 's not in a good way . he 's not get up right now . with he last energy , he grab he cuff - link and squeeze it . int . professor swanson 's office - day . 62 there 's a elegant cigarette lighter on the floor . the thug be run to the break window , take aim , when : woof ! the lighter explode . ext . cambridge university courtyard - day . 63 flame billow from the break window . other window blow out . Jack try to get up , but he 's black out . jack oh bugger . he press he watch and collapse . 3nt . valentine 's ho - day . 64 Valentine be pace angrily . gazelle sit at a computer . valentine sounded like a explosion . do we guy have explosive ? ( off he head shake ) great . fuck ! fuck that guy . whoever he be , I be gonna ... he make I kill Professor swanson ! I goddamn love Professor swanson . gazelle good news be , we know the emergency and surveillance system work . valentine know what 's not good ? '' my colleague die '' . you hear the guy . this be a organization , and they be all over we . whoever you speak to -- gazelle I tell you , I make contact with the kgb , m16 , mossad and Beijing . they all insist he be not one of theirs . valentine Beijing . it 's so freaky how there 's no recognizable name for the chinese secret service . now , that 's what you call secret , right ?! ( more ) 46 . valentine ( cont 'd ) ( mercurial , he darken ) keep look . I be sit here wait to push the button on phase two . it 's way late to be doubting who we can trust . ( a beat ) not happy , gazelle . not even a bit happy - know what ? fuck it . we be gonna need to speed thing up . bring the product release forward . gazelle we be only halfway into production , speed it up will cost a fortune . valentine like I care ! just get it do ! 65 int . kit room - day . 65 a table here bear pistol and webbing . also , incongruously , colorful helium animal balloon . merlin pick up a pistol . merlin this be we standard issue pistol , make for we by purdey and son of London . as you see , it also fire a shotgun cartridge for messy short - range situation . please note that today you will not use that function . take a gun , webbing , and two balloon . and leave you dog here . 66 int . shoot hangar - day . 66 a maze -- like a laser - tag scenario , but much more elaborate . the candidate follow merlin in , wear the webbing . each have two balloon tie to they , float above they head . merlin shoot other people 's balloon . first to lose both be out . as be anyone who hit a person . and by '' out '' , I mean go home . saba wait ... this be real bullet . merlin well spot , saba . now , on the first signal , scatter . on the second , the hunt be on . a klaxon sound and the candidate race for the labyrinth . balloon bob above the wall . eggsy duck as low as he can . 67 Al . Charlie and henri creep together , in some kind of truce . ulrich climb up into a small tower structure . a second klaxon sound . then there be silence . pop ! one of eggsy 's balloon burst . pop ! roxy lose one too . up in the tower , ulrich be take pot shot at everyone ... but now he 's the prime target . from they various location , every candidate now have he or she sight train on ulrich . everyone fire . pop ! pop ! both of ulrich 's balloon go ... then he be hit in the chest . he fall from the tower . another klaxon sound . it 's over . everyone run over to where ulrich be lie , groan . merlin approach , too . anton medic ! we need a medic ! merlin no we do not . unlike churchill 's jumpsuit , ours have kevlar woven into they . the fall probably hurt more than the shot . just as well you be the first to lose both balloon , ulxich . you can recuperate at home instead of we sick bay . and Anton ? that be you bullet , so pack you bag . int . sick BAY - day . 67 dgack be in a sick bay bed . merlin be here , and they be watch a screen play footage of Professor swanson 's head explode , in super - slow motion , on a loop . merlin you feel heat ? jack heat . yes . but mostly pain . merlin be you familiar with pyroclastic density current ? jack something to do with volcanoe ? merlin exactly . superheate gas and matter . stand downwind in the wrong condition and you brain can cook fast enough to shatter the skull . 48 . jack right . only there be no superheate gas and matter . just a unoccupy room with a very agitate academic in it . merlin I be tell even academic contain fluid and soft tissue . question be , how do it get superheate ? Arthur enter . arthur how be we ? shaken and stir ? jack never be better . merlin four break rib , multiple laceration and concussion . need to stay at least forty eight hour . arthur still significantly healthier than poor old Professor swanson . who perish in a tragic gas leak , by the way . there be talk of a autopsy , but I deal with it . so , what do we have ? ( look at the screen ) good grief . on the screen , swanson 's head slowly explode again . jack I run a communication trace . the prof receive a blank text to he mobile . just before he head blow . merlin touch the screen . the video freeze . it 's at a especially amazing moment in the earliest stage of explosion . merlin point to the blue-tooth earpiece swanson be wear . merlin swanson 's phone earpiece . rigged to deliver intense heat directly into the ear canal . triggered by a text . jack let 's trace that text . asap . 68 int . music venue - italy - night . 68 a large venue somewhere in coastal Italy . elton JOHN be just finish a performance on stage . the huge crowd go wild . 69 70 7 49 . int . music venue - italy - night . 69 by the stage door , a limo wait . elton John forges towards it through a crowd of fan , assist by two venue security guy . int , limosuine - night . 70 elton get in and the car pull away . now , he eye widen : gazelle be sit opposite he . elton who the fuck be you ?! ( see gazelle 's leg ) sorry , but this be my fuck car -- {to the driver ) stop ! Driver ! stop ! parlo inglese ?! Fucking stop ! gazelle no need . my boss be stay at a villa just along the coast . he 's die to meet you . elton be about to unleash hell , then he see gazelle 's gun . elton oh fuck hell . I be go to fuck die now , be not I ? gazelle take a bottle of soda from the ice bucket . gazelle no way . my boss adore you . drink ? int . dorm - night . 71 Three empty bed in here now , the mattress bare . eggsy lie on he bed , exhaust , play with he dog . everyone else be play charade . roxy 's up . everyone a play ! Three word ! Whole thing ! roxy mime sit , check she watch , tapping she foot . henri troilus et cressida ! charlie wait for godot ! roxy yes ! Charlie get it ! 72 73 50 . kenjl how the hell would that have be troilus and cressida ?! everyone laugh . eggsy look over , totally exclude . xt . secret base - day . 72 all the dog sit obediently in a neat line . watch ... the recruit scale the side of the building . clearly they be use the same special purple resin we see Jack use earlier . eggsy be do well . saba be struggle . merlin shout up . merlin remember : relax to release , tense to hold . the resin respond to you neurotransmitter chemical . saba 's hand peel away from the building and she fall ... land heavily on the ground . the dog run over and sniff she . merlin ( cont ‘d ) that will do for today . saba -- pack you bag . everyone else , wash you hand , then straight to room nine . everyone get down , hurry off . eggsy stop to help saba up . she 's clutching she back , in some pain from she fall . saba leave I . go wash you hand . eggsy wipe he hand on he trousers , smile at she and put he arm around she for support she as she limp slowly back . int . pain test room - day . 73 eggsy , roxy , Charlie , henri , Omar , rufus and kenji sit anxiously in special chair with handle on the arm rest . they grab they handle and exchange uneasy look . merlin move over to a pull switch on the wall . merlin first to let go go home . merlin throw the switch . everyone react in agony . teeth gritt , spine arching . rufus let go of the handle and leap up out of he seat . while the other continue to endure they suffer , merlin point to the door and rufus leave , ashamed . sl . roxy and eggsy be side by side , roxy slump , hair damp . eggsy no , I be do . roxy look over to he , shake she head , unable to speak . eggsy try to remove he hand from the handle ... but they be glue there by the resin he fail to remove earlier . eggsy ( cont 'd ) shit . one by one , the other let go : kenji ... Omar ... eggsy try again to remove he hand , but he can not . henri let go ... then roxy ... just eggsy and Charlie now . the other watch they intently . eggsy start howling , writhe in he chair . Charlie grit he tooth ... but can not take it . he let go . a split second later , eggsy pass out . merlin throw the switch . eggsy be slump forward , not move . roxy rush for he , check he carotid pulse . Charlie saunter over and yank he arm . eggsy 's hand remain stick to the handle . Charlie grab eggsy 's hand and peel it carefully away from the handle . he hold up eggsy 's limp hand in angry triumph : the palm be cover in purple resin . charlie he cheat ! look ! merlin he win . take he to the sick bay . charlie this better not get he out of the general knowledge test tomorrow . 74 int . sick BAY - night . 74 eggsy wake up in the sick bay . he look around to see he dog asleep on the end of he bed ... and Jack in the next bed . jack it 's not normally this crowded . eggsy what be you do here ? you okay ? 52 . jack excellent , thanks . no ... actually , not so excellent . worried . about you . about throw you into this situation . and how you have be treat by the other . so : guilty . Rather unhappy and guilty . or be that '' tmi '' as you young folk say ? egosy I have never say '' tmi '' . jack it mean '' too much information . '' egssy I know ... listen , do not stress . you give I a chance . I '' just sorry I be not gonna make it . tomorrow I be out of here for have '' f.a.i '' . jack what ? eggsy '' fuck all information '' . we have get the general knowledge test . ( spot Jack 's ipad ) actually , can I borrow you ipad ? I could revise a bit . jack ( hand it over ) I be impressed . that show spirit . determination . egssy it show blind fuck optimism . that lot have have year of the best education money can buy and I be pissing around on the internet like I can catch up in a few hour . Arthur and merlin enter . Arthur look at eggsy . arthur what 's he do :ing here ? get he out . jack it 's okay . he 's trustworthy . Arthur shrug and merlin activate the screen by Jack 's bed . a photo appear : Valentine . merlin ta da . Richmond Valentine . philanthropist and tech billionaire . 53 . eggsy I know he ! they phone be shit . Jack , Arthur and merlin look at he sharply . jack shut up , eggsy . ( to merli wait , you trace the text to he personally ? or to he company ? merlin it come from a number register to a charitable foundation he run . Climate change research . billion of dollar go through it over the last decade , then for the last two year , nothing . and not a single current register employee . either he lose interest in save the earth or we be look at a major tax dodge that 's never be investigate . arthur this fellow be extremely well - connect . well place to pursue he own agenda , whatever it may be . jack whatever it be , he consider Professor swanson 's life a fair price for keep it quiet . any further update on the other abduction ? merlin we be up to twenty three at the last count . scientist , doctor , academic . no obvious link with swanson or Valentine , but it 's too much of a coincidence to discount . arteur still , the whole business have be rather overshadow by the celebrity disappearance . jack there be more ? since elton John ? eggsy elton John disappear ? jack , arthur and merlin shut up , eggsy . 75 54 . arthur two more , Stephen hawking this weekend . and Lady g’gar today . eggsy gaga . ( off they look ) sorry . jack I think it 's time for Valentine and I the have a téte - a-téte . int . luxury prison celi , —- day . 75 the most luxurious prison cell we have ever see . if it be not for the bar that divide it from the corridor outside , it would look like a suite in one of the world 's finest hotel . there do not seem to be anyone in here . Valentine approach carry a silver dome salver . valentine Sir elton ? I have you dinner ! have it fly in directly from London . splat . something brown hit Valentine in the face . it lock worryingly like shit . and now Sir elton John storm towards the bar , incandescent . elton and I have you fuck dinner ! flown in directly from my arsehole ! want some more ?! he 's hold a turd in he hand . he fling it at Valentine . this time , Valentine dodge it and back away from the bar . valentine it 's ... from you favorite indian restaurant . elton you can stick it down the end of you fuck cock , you fuck psycho ! let I out ! now ! valentine I tell you . you can go home any time . if you agree to the condition . elton well I do not fuck agree ! I be never , ever go to fuck agree ! 76 int . sick BAY ~ night . 55 . 76 Jack be asleep . it 's dark , beside the glow from the ipad in eggsy 's hand . he 's chant softly under he breath . eggsy armenia : yerevan . Australia : canberra . Austria : Vienna . Jack blink awake . he can hear eggsy , and it 's annoying . eggsy ( cont ’d ) Azerbaijan : baku . Bahamas : nassau . jack what the hell be you do ? eggsy try tc learn all the capital . they always ask that shit in general knowledge test . jack do it in you head . you know the trick ? make up something to link the word . sillier the better . if it make you laugh , you will always remember it . name a country . eggsy okay ... bahrain . jack Capital city , manama . I think of two sheep in a field , and it 's raining . one say : '' baaa ! rain ! '' and the other start do a little dance to the muppet song . ( wave he arm stiffly ) manama - to . doo-doo doo doo doo . eggsy grin . Jack lie back down , pleased . close he eye . eggsy be silent for a while . then loudly burst out laughing . jack ( cont ’d ) eggsy ! eggsy sorry . I just think of a really funny one for armenia . jack okay , I tell you what -- if you get some sleep now , I 'o lend you my lucky pen to do the test with . Jack scrabble on the bedside table and grab a mont blanc pen . he toss it onto eggsy 's bed . 77 78 79 80 56 . eggsy pick it up , look at it suspiciously . it 's a nice pen . eggsy how lucky be it ? jack very lucky . go to sleep . eggsy shrug , put the ipad aside and lie down to sleep . int . classroom - day . 77 the candidate scribble away furiously at they exam papers . eggsy stare miserably at he . all the answer be blank . at eggsy 's foot , he little dog look up at he wistfully . suddenly , the mont blanc pen begin to vibrate . eggsy inspect it , curious . it look normal . he draw a scribble . suddenly it begin to vibrate again ... and start write by itself , quickly , drag eggsy 's hand along . it write : '' winston churchill faile he a-level . didn't stop he from saving england . everybody deserve a chance . '' stun , eggsy pick up the pen . he peer at the nib . int . sick BAY - day . 78 Jack be now dress and sit in the chair by the bed , another pen in he hand , a sheet of paper before he and he phone propped up . on the phone 's screen we see : a slight fish - eye view of eggsy 's stare eye . then he face . a amaze , grateful smile spread across he lip . the image from the pen camera move away from eggsy 's face to land instead on : the first question on eggsy 's exam paper . Jack start to write . int . classroom ~ day . 79 eggsy scribbles away happily . or rather , the pen do . not rm - . 80 six bed be empty now . eggsy be back in he own bed . roxy be read . Charlie kick the leg of eggsy 's bed as he pass . charlie you be a fuck cheat . when I find out how you do it , you be screw . 81 82 83 57 . eggsy just because I do not go to private school do not mean -— charlie oh no , I be sure you be highly educate . what have you get ? a vocational diploma in carjack ? a b-tec in impregnate ugly girl round the back of a bus sheiter ? eggsy sit up , hackles rise . fist clenching . roxy shoot he a look . he swallow he fury and look away . not today . ext . valentine 's house - night . 81 a palatial estate . establish . int . valentine 's house - entrance hall - night . 82 Jack , in a green smoking jacket , follow a butler . the butler be wear a ear - piece like the one Professor swanson wear . as they near the dining room , two attractive young assistant pass . they wear ear - piece . one hold a pile of paperwork . int . valentine 's dine room - night . 83 a magnificent dining room , the large table formally set for two . Valentine sit here , dress extremely casually . the butler open the door and announce Jack . butler Mr. Roman devere . valentine hey , man . sorry I do not feel the need to dress up . jack think nothing of it . valentine I do not know how it be in England , but over here it 's consider a little bit bourgeois . jack I have always feel that over - dress be preferable to under-dressed . when one be a guest , that be . Jack undoe he tie , sit . Valentine pour he wine . 58 . jack ( cont 'd ) thank you for you invitation . I must say I be not expect such a prompt reply to my request , valentine well , I gotta admit : I be intrigue to meet you . there be not many billionaire I do not know . jack I do not doubt it . valentine so , I have my people look into you account . obviously . that 's some pretty old money you be from . how would you family make it ? jack property , mostly . property and the market . nothing questionable , if that 's you concern . valentine listen , you ask I , all money be dirty . I be just into find out what caliber of person you be . I be sure you get that . jack I most certainly do . the butler re-enter carry mcdonald on a silver salver . Jack do not flinch . jack ( cont ’d ) the Big Mac , please . valentine good call . but for I , you can not beat two cheese burger , with secret sauce . go great with a ' 55 Haut brion . Jack take a sip of he wine . jack a classic pair . and may I suggest twinky and a 1937 chateau yquem for pudding ? valentine great idea . so , let 's talk . you wanna donate to my foundation ... you be aware that I have wound thing down in that area ? 59 . jack Climate change be a threat that affect we all , Mr Valentine . and you be one of the few powerful man who seem to share my concern . valentine a billion be a lot to offer any organization . especially one that 's be inactive for two year . jack about the right amount to get it kickstart again ? that 's my hope . valentine I shut it down because I do not get anywhere . every bit of research point to the same thing . jack that carbon emission be a red herring and we nre past the point of no return no matter what remedial action we take ? valentine you know you shit . jack there be time when I envy the blissful ignorance of that less well - verse in they shit . as swanson always say : '' humankind be the only virus curse to live with the horrifying knowledge of its host 's fragile mortality . '' valentine Professor swanson , man . I be bum about that . love that guy . jack who do not . valentine yeah . it 's funny , not a lot of people have hear of he . ( then , point ) you a fan of spy movie , Mr devere ? jack this day they be all a little serious for my taste . but the old one ... marvelous . give I a far - fetch , theatrical plot any day . 60 . valentine right ! the old bond movie . man . when I be a kid , that be , like , my dream job . gentleman spy . jack I always feel . the old bond movie be only as good as the villain . as a child , I rather fancie a future as a colorful megalomaniac . valentine well . be not it a pity we both have to grow up . ( finish he burger ) let 's have dessert in the draw room . 84 int . valentine 's house - entrance hall - night . 84 Valentine be see Jack out at the front door . valentine gimme a little time to think on you proposal , okay ? my people will be in touch . Jack leave and Valentine shut the door . then he pull out he phone and make a video-call to gazelle . gazelle ( on phone screen ) well ? valentine definitely . gazelle ( on phone screen ) want I to follow he ? I be gonna go get the next person on you list tomorrow , but I can reschedule . valentine no need . Nano - tracker gel in the Haut brion . we will know he every move . at least until he have a shit . 85 int . hercule plane - day . 85 eggsy , roxy , Charlie , henri , Omar and kenji be here , wear halo parachute suit . roxy have she eye close . roky fuckfuckfuckfuck . eggsy what ? do not like height ? 86 él. roxy yeah . it 's okay , I have do it before . which be probably why , come to think of it . before eggsy can respond , merlin stand , address they all . merlin listen up ! you target be a red '' h '' -- that 's h for huntsman . you mission be to land in it without the radar detect you . if I read you on radar or you do not land in the h , you will not be join the H. understood ? everybody murmur they assent . merlin grab a loop and put on a helmet . the candidate follow suit . the back of the plane open . merlin ( cont 'd ) dropzone come up . twenty second . a beep begin , count down . everybody charge to the hatch . merlin stroll past they , jump out first . then one by one , the rest pile out . eggsy go second to last , roxy behind he . she cling to the door frame . eggsy pat she on the back before he jump . roxy close she eye arid , reluctantly , follow . ext . the sky - day . 86 the six candidate plummet through the sky . insanely high up . merlin be already out of sight . eggsy survey he head up display . he locate the h , and begin to enjoy the fly sequence , everyone jockey for first position , trash - talk through the comm . charlie cheer up , eggsy ! I will get the kettle on when I land , have a nice cup of tea wait for you . henri I do not know , Charlie . it might get cold . eggsy do not know Charlie know how to work a kettle . 62. kenji do not worry , I will be down there first to show he . suddenly , merlin 's voice cut in , merlin ( ¥.0 . ) my my , you be all very cheerful . do you really think this be go to be straightforward ? ( a nerve jangling beat ) any idiot can use a head - up display . a huntsman agent need to be able to solve problem under pressure . like what to do when one of you group have no parachute . kenit which one ?! roxy who ? henri what do we do ? merlin ( v.0 . ) I tell you : aim for the h , come in under the radar . and I hope not to be scraping one of you up . but if I do , and it 's from inside the h , please know I will be very impressed . eggsy everybody listen ! I have get a plan —- pair off ! grab the close person . nobody argue . henri grab Charlie . roxy grab Omar . eggsy reach out for kenji . eggsy ( cont 'd ) kenji ? kenji be panic . the ground now seem far closer now . grip by fear , kenji pull he rip-cord . nothing happen . he and eggsy lock eye . kenji try again . kenji 's parachute open , and he disappear from view . egssy ( cont 'd ) shit ! we be a odd number now , kenji , you wanker !... Quick , make a circle ! roxy grab eggsy 's hancl . with he free one , he grab Charlie . charlie fuck off , eggsy ! we will all die ! 63. eggsy we pull we cord one by one . soon as we know who 's fuck , person on they right grab they . merlin ( v.0 . ) good plan , eggsy . you have thirty second . hurry . charlie I first . Charlie do not wait for a response . he pull he cord . his chute open and he shoot upwards . henri go next . his chute open too . Omar 's chute also open : just eggsy and roxy leave now . roxy be petrify . eggsy hold I tight . it will be okay . promise . your first , okay ? roxy nod . they hold each other . eggsy pull roxy 's cord . roxy 's chute open and they both fly up . eggsy struggle to hold on to she . he end up cling to she leg . roxy be scream . they hit the ground hard . we pull back to see : they be the only one in the H. merlin be stand nearby . he walk over . merlin congratulation . you two manage to set a record . open at three hundred foot be pretty ballsy . Omar land in the H. follow by henri and Charlie . merlin ( cont 'd ) I should fail the rest of you . you open too early , people . you be all over that radar . but give the circumstance I will let you all off . { kenji land behind he ) except kenji . pack you bag . kenji walk away from the group , ashamed . eggsy sorry sir , but why the fuck do you choose I as the gimp ? be I the expendable candidate ? 87 64 . merlin do not bellow , eggsy . if you have a complaint , whisper it in my ear . come on . do not t be shy . eggsy approach he , nervous now . he get close . he 's about to whisper to merlin ... when merlin whisper to he instead . merlin ( cont ‘d ) you really need to take that chip off you shoulder . he pull eggsy 's cord . the chute open , send he fly . ext . californian desert ! - day . 87 the middle of nowhere . a motorbike tear across the sand , the rider cut loose , do trick , just for the hell of it . suddenly a helicopter appear . the biker change direction . the helicopter bank , follow he . be this a chase now ? finally , the helicopter land . the rider stop , take off he helmet . he be david beckham , from nowhere , a black 4x4 drive towards he , fast . gazelle get out of the helicopter . beckham call out to he . beckham oh come on , this be one of my few escape . just take you picture and then get lose , alright ? gazelle I '' not paparazzi , Mr beckham , I be here to collect you . beckham what ? who be you ? two security guard burst from the 4x4 and charge at gazelle . security guard you ! step away from Mr. beckham ! to everyone 's surprise , gazelle begin to run towards they . he bound into the air , and with a fly kick ... siash the throat of one of the Security Guards . the Guard crumple to he knee , clutching he neck , then collapse . the second Security guard reach for he weapon but ... a roundhouse move from gazelle leave he cleanly behead . beckham be terrify . he hold he hand up in surrender . 65 . gazelle my boss will explain everything . and there 's a lovely bottle of chateau petrus on board , you favorite . I mean you no harm . please know that as long as you get in the helicopter , I be under very strict instruction not to hurt you . beckham really ? gazelle nod reassuringly , and beckham walk towards he . reaching gazelle 's side , beckham kick he in the ball . beckham ( cont 'd ) so I can do that ? ( gazelle nod , in pain ) and I could do it again ? and you be not allow to retaliate ? ( head for the chopper ) how long 's the journey ? 88 int . huntsman gent log - day . 88 we hear a toilet flush . and Jack exit the cubicle . Arthur be here , wash he hand . Jack join he . jack Valentine be on to I , Arthur . I think it 's time to get mi5 onboard . arthur we can not make the same mistake we do with Bin Laden pre 9 - 11 . look how long it take the agency to act on we information , and he be a know terrorist , for god sake . we need something conerete first . jack he do not let I out of he sight . all I get be this . on the way in . Jack take he phone from he pocket , show it to Arthur : a photo of Valentine 's assistant . Jack zoom in on the paperwork one of they be hold . top of the pile : a invitation to royal ascot . arthur excellent . only a few day until he 's on we home turf , then . we can keep tabs on he , gather some more intel . oh , and in case you have not hear , some football type have go miss now . 66 . 89 int . dorm - night . 89 eggsy , roxy and Charlie sleep . all other bed be empty now . 90 ext . news conference - day . 90 Valentine talk to a large gather of INTERNATIONAL PRESS . valentine in the past , I have go on record say that I want to make a difference . it 's a phrase you hear a lot . and what tend to follow it be action that have very little net effect on we daily life . ( a beat ) well ... I be here to put my money where my mouth be . and right into the pocket of the man and woman on the street . every year , each of we spend on average nearly two thousand dollar on cell phone and internet usage . it be my privilege to announce : that day be over . a curtain behind Valentine swishes open to reveal : a huge screen . on it , a image of a satellite in space . valentine ( cont ’d ) from tomorrow , every man , woman and child who so desire can claim a free sim card and usb stick , compatible with any phone , any computer , in order to utilise my communication network . for free . ( there be wild applause ) and now I would like to introduce you to the spokesman for this venture -— aman who we be all very happy to learn be simply a victim of bad report : David beckham ! David beckham walk out to wild cheering . 91 int . jack study - day . 91 Jack be at he computer , watch the news report . beckham ( on tv ) not half as happy as I be ! ( pause for laughter ) but today be not about I . it 's about the incredible generosity of this man right here . you hear he ! free call . free internet . for everyone . forever . 92 67 . the crowd go crazy . Jack pause on a c/u of beckham . he ' 's wear a earpiece . Jack put on he glass , call Arthur . jack Arthur . see beckham ? back , say he be never go , wearing a earpiece . swanson all over again . arthur ( v.o. ) let 's try to avoid have he head explode this time , shall we ? jack I doubt I ' 1l get to he . he have a twenty four hour security detail . I be more concerned about Valentine put he technology in million of people 's home , they pocket . we have see what it can do . arthur that technology require a earpiece . we have no reason to suspect this scheme be connect . jack regardless ... I do not like it . let 's get hold of one of this thing and have merlin analyze it . ext . newsagent - day . 92 a small council estate shop . a rowdy crowd outside jostle to get in . eggsy 's friend jamal and Ryan be among the throng . at the door , eqgsy 's mum Michelle , phone in hand , struggle . ryan oi , Mrs p ! you get one ? michelle yeah . be queuing all day . jamal ( point to he eye ) you get that in there ?! michelle no . you hear from eqgsy ? ryan Nah . but do not worry love , he will turn up soon . he always do . 68 . 93 int , rec room - day . 93 eggsy , roxy and Charlie be watch tv news . merlin enter . news reporter ( v.q. ) '' similar scene play out worldwide , as shop run out of the sim card and usb stick within hour of receive new delivery . merlin think we be do for the day , do you ? we ‘’re not . go and put on you best clothes . eggsy I have only get what I come in . merlin I all authorize the bursar to give you some fund . you can buy yourself something on the way . roxy on the way to where ? merlin London . lulu 's nightclub , to be precise . you be go to use you nlp training to win over a select target whose photo be now on you bed . and when I say '' win over '' , I mean it in the biblical sense . 94 int . dorm ~ night . o4 eggsy , roxy and Charlie run to they bed and grab the photograph wait there . eggsy show roxy he : a very pretty posh girl . text read : '' lady sophie montague -herring '' eggsy easy . posh girl love a bit of rough . charlie we will see about that , will not we , Charlie show eggsy hig photo : it 's the same girl . roxy we certainly will . roxy hold up she photo . it 's Lady Sophie again . we move into the photo and match cut to ... 95 96 69 . int . lulun - night . 95 Lady Sophie , in the flesh . Dancing in a classy nightclub , full of well - dress ycung people . we pull back , out of the front window of the club , to ... ext . lulus - night . 96 the queue outside . more well - dress young people wait to get in . even the bouncers look elegant . Charlie and roxy be at the back of the line , both impeccably dress . presently , eggsy arrive . he stare at the queue in dismay . he 's wear designer sportswear . Charlie laugh loudly . roxy ignore he , eggsy . charlie yeah , ignore I , you look great . if you be go to a gypsy wedding . eggsy fuck off , this crepe cost three hundred quid ! nike Le bron X ! and I dunno why you be so smug . you look like you be try to pull the Queen mother , charle the Queen 's third cousin , actually . he 's at the front of the queue now . he hand the bouncer he invitation and move past with a smirk . roxy show hers , and the bouncer usher she in . at eggsy 's , however , he hesitates . bouncer I be afraid I can not let you in , sir . we have a strict dress code . roxy we be together . the bouncer shrug apologetically . eggsy just go in , roxy . thanks anyway . charlie aw , you ruin my plan ! I be go to let you talk to Lady Sophie first and then swoop in to rescue she once she be sufficiently disgust . and with that , Charlie swan inside . and eggsy walk away . 97 98 70 . ext . alley behind the club - night . 97 a sign outside the back - door read : '' lulu 's - no entrance . deliveries during office hour only . '' eggsy be here , try to pick the lock . not have much luck . suddenly the door swing open violently , hit he . a pretty waitress , 20 , hold a unlit cigarette and a lighter , stare at he in surprise . this be poppy . when she speak , it 's with a accent similar to eggsy 's . poppy shit , sorry ! you alright ? eggsy yeah . do not suppose you wanna turn a blind eye if I come in this way ? poppy ( lighting she cigarette ) they 'il only chuck you out , dress like that . anyway , place be full of arsehole . unless you be plan to rob it , I would not bother . eggsy can not help but smile . she 's cute . eggsy ai not totally full of arsehole . you be in there . she smile back and take off she apron . poppy not for long . early shift today . knock off soon , if you wanna take I for a drink . ( off he hesitation ) listen , when I say about what you be wear ... I mean from they point of view . personally , I think you look fit as . egssy you be not bad yourself . look , my mate be in there . how about you let I in now , and tomorrow I '11 take you wherever you want ? she think on this a moment . then she smile at eggsy , and hold open the door for he . int . lulun service corridor . 98 eggsy head down the corridor past crate of champagne . he pass a store room . over the pound of music from the club beyond , we can hear moan come from inside . eggsy peek in . 99 100 71 . behind a stack of wine crate , there 's a intense threesome go on : Lady Sophie , roxy and Charlie . eggsy have lose . he 's out . he storm towards the exit , steal a bottle of Champagne as he pass . at the door , poppy be put out she cigarette . eggsy know what ? fuck it , babe . let 's have that drink . int . poppy 's dodgy flat ! - night . 99 eggsy and poppy fall in through the door , drunk . she push he to the couch , pull off she top , put she hand down he pants as they kiss . he 's lose in the moment until : poppy you work for huntsman , do not you ? eggsy for who ? poppy it 's alright babe , you can tell I , I will not tell no one . they always send people to lulu 's . eggsy dunno what you be on about . she pull away , look apologetic . then speak in Russian . poppy I be sorry . suddenly , three big russian guy burst in from another room and swarm eggsy . one throw a hood over eggsy 's head . ext . railway track - night . 100 eggsy be tie to a railway track . the Three Russian guy and poppy stand over he . poppy now speak in a Russian accent . poppy we have be monitoring the huntsman shop , eggsy . we see you there . this do not have to be so hard . eggsy I tell you , I work for the post office ! I drop stuff off all over London . whoever you think I be , you have get the wrong bloke . 72 . poppy you go in to huntsman one night , and do not come out again . there 's a distant honk . a train come . eggsy start to cry . poppy ( cont 'd ) be huntsman worth die for ? eggsy just let I go ! please ! poppy you do not have to die . do you work for huntsman | ? the train be in view now . eggsy just sob . poppy ( cont 'd ) last chance ! poppy and the guy back away . the train loom . eggsy scream . just as the train be about to hit he , the section of track that eggsy be tie to drop abruptly . eggsy be now three foot below the track , concrete wall on either side of he . the train thunder overhead . just the clear night sky above eggsy now . silence . and then a grinding noise as he section of track rise back into place . poppy and the Men be go . stand in they place be : Jack . he smile and start to cut eggsy free . jack congratulation ! bloody well do ! and the tear -- incredible act ! eggsy I be not fuck act ! he get up , furious . Jack look take aback . jack be you alright ? eggsy what ? no ! of course I be not ! what 's wrong with you ?! Jack pull out he phone and press play on a video . on the screen : footage of Charlie , Sophie and roxy . jack maybe this will cheer up you a bit ? 101 102 73. eggsy I be not really in the mood , thanks . Jake push the phone at eggsy , make he look . int . lulun store room - night . 101 Lady Sophie whisper something to Charlie . he whisper back . then Lady Sophie stand up and rearrange she dress as the two bouncer burst in and throw a sack over roxy 's head . they drag she out . Sophie follow , leave Charlie alone . moment later , Arthur enter , look furious . Charlie miserably do up he trousers , humiliate . ext . train track - night . 102 eggsy look away from the phone , not cheer up at all . jack Charlie do not even make it to the real test . gave he identity away mid-fellatio . eggsy no one expect I to pull Lady Sophie , do they ? they do not even expect I to get in . jack it do not matter who any of you end up with . the test always end the same way . eggsy oh yeah ? and the back up be always a chavvy waitress be it ? or be she just for I ? admit it , Jack -- I be not like you . I be not like any of you . just give the job to roxy . I do not belong at huntsman . jack the result of you test suggest otherwise . come on , let 's go . eggsy be you listen ? I do not wanna go back . jack then come with I , instead . I want to show you something . 103 74 . int . jack 's mews house - night , 103 eggsy be look at all the stupid headline on Jack 's wall . Jack point to the recently add one about Kim kardashian . jack that be the headline the day after I diffuse a dirty bomb in Paris . he point to another : '' brangelina to buy 22m london pad ? '' jack ( cont 'd ) break up a undercover spy ring at the Pentagon , he point to a old , yellow one : a picture of boy GEORGE beside the headline '' sex ? i’d prefer a nice cup of tea ! '' jack ( cont 'd ) foil the assassination of Margaret thatcher . my first mission . eggsy not everybody would thank you for that one . jack the point be , eggsy , nobody thank I for any of they . the front page news on all this occasion be celebrity nonsense , because the nature of huntsman be that we achievement remain secret . eggsy and this be suppose to make I want to stay ? now Jack fix two glass of whiskey as he talk . jack people like Charlie be all ego . they be after glory . and that 's not huntsman . the best we can offer be the warm glow of a job well do . a job that matter a great deal ... you be not lazy , eggsy . if you want a ordinary life and a ordinary job , you have have get one , despite you protestation . I see it in you as soon as I meet you . you be look for something more . Jack hand eggsy a whiskey and he downs it in one . 75 . jack ( cont ’d ) no , no . one may down brandy , but whiskey be sipped . this be a 1943 dalmore , the finest single malt . it should be drunk with a splash of room - temperature water , never with ice , and it should be savore . let it comfort you with a slow hug , not a quick fuck , eggsy see ?! I do not know this stuff ! I do not know shit ! maybe be I be look for something more out of life -- do not change the basic fact that I do not fit in ! jack oh for god 's sake . all that can be learn . it 's what you have naturally that can not . eggsy you lot have a lifetime to learn it . jack stop whining , will you ? plenty of we do not . Arthur do not . like most snob , he come from perfectly humble root . he start out at huntsman as a bloody pattern cutter ! tell you what , get some sleep -- guest room 's on the leave -- and tomorrow , you will give I a day of you time . then decide . deal ? Jack hold out he hand . eggsy hesitates . then shake it . 104 ext . ST . jame 's avenue - day . 104 a wide shot . Jack and eggsy walk down the street . eggsy so , be you go to teach I how to talk '' proper '' as well ? like in my Fair Lady ? jack do not be absurd . be a gentleman have nothing to do with one 's accent . it 's about be at ease in one 's own 's + '' now , you suit will be ready by lunch . but the accessory be just as important . 76 . int . lobb shoe shop ~ day . 105 a incredibly classy man 's shoe shop . the staff greet Jack warmly as he and eggsy enter . Jack pick out a pair of oxford . eggsy oxford not brogue . jack very good . in the fitting room , eggsy try they on . they look weird with the track suit bottom he 's wear . jack ( cont 'd ) huntsman have long enjoy a relationship with certain other place serve gentleman 's need . this be no ordinary oxford . do you best impression of a german aristocrat 's formal greeting . eggsy look uncertain , then do a Nazi salute . Jack roll he eye , stand up and click he heel together . a blade snap out of the toe of he shoe , jack ( cont ’d ) in the old day they have a phone in the heel , as well . blade 's coat with polonium , so be careful . eggsy click he heel . his own blade pop out . eggsy how do I get it back in ? jack very carefully . Jack stamp he heel . the blade retract . ext . swaine adeney brigg - day . 106 a 250 year old leather - goods emporium . Jack and eggsy enter . not W. ey brigg - day . 107 Jack show eggsy a very cool - look briefcase . jack they use one like this in from Russia with Love . but this model have many more feature . 108 109 77 . eggsy be distract by a beautiful wheeled bag nearby . eggsy do I need a briefcase ? could I use one of this instead ? jack my boy , if you become a huntsman you can have the pick of anything you like , and merlin will conform it to huntsman specification . they look at the umbrellas and walking stick . eggsy I always want a sword stick . jack oh , we have that . but why bring a knife to a gunfight ? ( he cock a umbrella ) more lethal than a m16 assault rifle , but in the right hand , the perfect way to stay dry . if only the Americans could comprehend that . ext . turnbull and asser - day . 108 the venerable shirt - maker . int . turnbull and asser_ - day . 109 eggsy be try on a shirt in the fitting room . jack a gentleman always wear a double cuff . and this be make with reinforce cotton to handle the huntsman cuff-link . May feel a little stiff at first -- there 's kevlar woven into the thread . but you will be glad of it if you should ever need it . you like this one ? eggsy admire himself in the mirror and nod . then , pensive : eggsy I feel bad . you buy I all this stuff . i/ 1 ] 1 pay you back . jack oh nonsense . it 's not as if I have anyone else to spend money on . and as they say , you can not take it with you when you go . 78 . 110 int . berry brother and ) rudd - day . 110 a beautiful wine shop . eggsy look around , confuse . eggsy explode liquid in the bottle ? jack do not be silly . thats make by floris , next door . and it smell good enough to be aftershave . Jack lead he to a flight of back stair lead downstairs . 111 int . berry brother private dine room 111 there 's a dining table down here , elaborately set . they sit . jack here 's the one place we can go for a good meal and a fabulous drink without have to watch we tongue . now , there 's no point lock like a gentleman if you can not eat like one . but it 's not hard . once everyone be seat , you unfold you napkin and place it on you lap . Jack demonstrate . eggsy follow suit . jack ( cont 'd ) if you leave the table during the meal , you lay the napkin casually on the table . do not re-fold it . eggsy nod , listen intently . a waiter appear at he shoulder with a silver tray of bread roll . jack ( cont 'd ) one serve oneself when offer a dish in this way . but if the dish be place on the table , you offer it to you immediate neighbor before take you own portion . eggsy nod and take a bread roll . jack ( cont 'd ) always break bread with you hand , never cut . and this be a butter knife . the only one to remember . ( hold he up ) the rest of the cutlery be easy : start on the outside , work you way in with each course . and never let anyone describe you as '' h.k.l.p '. 79 . eggsy what 's that ? jack " hold knife like pen '' . a habit erroneously believe to be upper class dining etiquette . it be quite the opposite . the waiter return with a soup tureen . eggsy serve himself . gack ( cont 'd ) excellent . eggsy do I wait ' till everyone 's be serve to start eat ? jack only if the dish be serve be cold , or if the Queen be present . otherwise , tuck in . eggsy start eat he soup , scoop it towards himself . jack ( cont 'd ) other way . always push the spoon away from you . eggsy jokily pick up the bowl and bring it to he mouth . eggsy this be okay though , right ? jack actually if you be in Japan , it 's absolutely the do thing . 112 ext . huntsman shop - day , 112 Jack pause dramatically outside the shop . jack now for the piece de resistance ! 113 int . huntsman shop - day . 113 Jack lead eggsy to the fitting room . one of the tailor stop they . he address Jack . tailor I '' so sorry , sir , but a gentleman be complete he fitting . fitting room two be available , if you like ? 114 115 80 . jack one do not use room two when pop one cherry . we will wait . the fitting room door open and Valentine step out in huntsman ' 's finest morning suit . Jack stay cool . jack ( cont ‘d ) it 's not often that I be the one who look under - dress , . valentine Mr. devere ! what a coincidence ! you be totally why I be here ! there I be , admire you smoking jacket , and I suddenly realize it be the same cut as my father 's . he always have he suit make here . and apparently you gotta have one of this crazy penguin costume for ascot . so here I be ! what be you do here ? ( he look at eggsy ) this you son ? jack my new valet . I be just introduce he to my tailor . valentine another coincidence ! I too . he indicate gazelle , now emerge from the change room . Jack maintain he compose smile and slip on he glass . int . huntsman dine room - day . 114 on the screen : footage of Valentine on the shop floor , as record live now by Jack . Arthur put on he own glass . arthur I know , I know . do not spook he . I speak with he , and you be right -- he 's onto we . we can not go to ascot , but mi5 can . I be contact they now . you win , galahad . int . huntsman shop —- day . 115 dack continue he polite talk with Valentine . jack have you have a chance to think any further on my proposal ? 116 117 81 . valentine you will be hearing from we ver soon . I guarantee it . he take off the morning jacket -- chalk for alteration —- hand it to the tailor and head for the door . as Valentine leave , he be discretely follow by undercover security men we have previously take to be casual customer . as soon as they have all leave , the tailor usher eggsy into the dress room , and Jack urgently resume he conversation . jack and if mi5 do not bite ? Jack listen to the reply , sigh . he remove he glass . int . huntsman fitting room - day . 116 Jack enter to see eggsy admire the beautiful suit that be hang here , feel the fabric . in awe . jack so . be you back in ? ( off eggsy 's eager nod ) excellent . Jack get out he lighter and shoot eggsy with a dart . and we fade to black . ext . colombian STREET -- day . 117 a ecu of a handwritten note . it read : '' you passport be under the mattress in the master bedroom at 188 cahilla STREET . if you 're not back at base in 24 hour , you be out . '' we pull back to see that the note have be stick to eqgsy 's forehead . he 's still out cold . pull further back , we see that he be naked ... and lie in the road . we can hear a loud honking . it wake eggsy up . the honk be come from a police car . eggsy get unsteadily to he foot , utterly confuse ... he rip the note from he forehead and read it as he approach the cop car . a cop leap out , gun om eggsy . eggsy put he hand up . colombian cop ( in Spanish , subtitle ) cover you ball ! eggsy I do not speak you language . 118 119 122 82. colombian cop ( in English ) cover you ball you English pig . eggsy do as he 's tell . the cop pull out handcuff , but before he can use they , eggsy punch he out cold . eggsy lean down to study the cop 's badge . egssy colombia ! ? int . storage room - day . 118 another handwritten note . it say : '' you passport be on deck four . if you 're not back at base in 24 hour , you be out . '' we pull back to see that it be tape to the chest of a naked , sleep roxy . she wake up , read the note , int . corridor - day . roxy exit the storage room and stumble into a corridor . see a bin , she pull out the bin - liner and make a poncho . ext . cop car / colombian STREET - day . 119 Close on the insignia on the cop car door . we jib up to reveal : eggsy , in the driver 's seat , now wear the cop 's uniform . he punch the address into the sat nav . egssy piece of piss . he turn on the radio and the siren and speed away . int . more corridor - day . 120 roxy explore another corridor . a sign with a arrow point to '' deck four '' . she follow it . ext . oil rig deck -~ day . 121 roxy step outside . at she foot she see : she passport . then she look up and she face fall . we pull back to reveal : she be on a isolate oil rig . ext . colombian mansion - day . 122 the cop car pull up . Inside , eggsy use the cop 's phone to get online . on the screen : we see the home - page for '' google translate . '' 123 83. moment later , eggsy be knock on the huge front door . it open to reveal a incredulous intimidating man . eggsy speak to he in european Spanish , subtitle . eggsy I have a need to check you house . the man laugh . eggsy pull out the phone , try again . eggsy ( cont ’d ) I must search inside you house . intimidating man ( in Spanish , subtitle ) be this a joke ? eggssy hold on , repeto ? intimidating man ( in English ) respect ?? eggsy aaaah , no , I ... repeto ? '' repeat ? '' I do not understand . look , may I -- intimidating man maybe you will understand this . the man slam the door shut ... and then all hell break loose . machine gun open fire . eggsy scramble into the car and reverse as it be riddled by a hail of bullet . ext . cahilla STREET - day . 123 a safe distance from the mansion , eggsy get out of the car . a muffled scream be come from the trunk . eggsy open it to reveal the cop , in he underwear , handcuff . cop what the fuck be go on ? he sit up . see the mansion up the street , he laugh . cop ( cont 'd ) crazy gringo . you try to go there ? eggsy they have my passport . cop this be house of carlos pere . cartel leader . maybe biggest in colombia . you work for he ? eggsy un - cuff the cop , who climb out . 127 84 . eggsy no ! I be on you side . I will let you go . but I need you gun . cop you try to kill they ? you crazy . the cop lean into the car . he open the seat to reveal : a hide cache of gun . cop ( cont ‘d ) but do something I would love to do . take you pick . int . oil rig control CENTER ~ day . 124 roxy try the radio . it 's dead . she try a few other button . all dead . there 's no power . int . galley - day . 125 roxy open the fridge , the cupboard . they be empty . on the counter be a few lad 's magazine . roxy read the date on the cover of one . it say : october 1992 . she look at the other , with a expression that betray she heart sink feel : this rig have be decommission . she rummages under the sink and find : a pad of stesl wool for scrubbing pan . she look pleased , leave purposefully , take the wire wool and magazine with she . int . sleeping quarter - day . 126 roxy enter . the bed be bare . she begin to search the room . there be no clothes in the closet or drawer . but in one drawer , she find : a tv remote . she kiss then she rip open the back panel , tip out the battery . int . drilling platform - day . 127 over the pile of magazine , roxy fiddle with the wire wool and the battery , concentrate hard . suddenly : SPARKS ! in moment , one of the magazine be on FIRE . she pick it up . ext . ascot race , royal enclosure - day . 128 beautifully dress aristocrat enjoy mingling , champagne and horse racing . in that order . some wear earpiece . 129 85 . valentine noah have a chance to make the world a better place but he blow it . I mean , mosquito ? tick ? really ? now we see that he be flirt with a beautiful woman . she laugh appreciatively , then give he a teasing smile . beautiful woman I nve not see you watch a single race yet . I be not sure why you bother come here today . valentine people to see , you know . but it 's always nice to mix business with pleasure . beautiful woman I have a instinct that 's something you be extremely good at . valentine I think my reputation precede I . beautiful woman it do indeed ... I hope you will forgive I , there 's something I really must do . Valentine look perplex . do he misread she signal ? then suddenly the woman lean in , kiss he passionately ... until they be interrupt by a suite official . official Mr Valentine , sir . they Royal highness will speak with you now . he throw the woman a apologetic '' whatcha gonna do ? '' look . int . jack 's car - day . 129 the woman get into the driver 's seat of Jack 's car , wiping she mouth . she claw at . she face , tear off she latex mask . it 's Jack ! he put on he glass . merlin ( v.0 . ) Nice work . last agent who use one of that swallow the damn thing before he could plant it . the tracker 's work . jack ( in the woman 's voice ) at least until he take a shit . ( more ) 130 131 132 86 . jack ( cont 'd ) { he fiddle with he necklace ; he voice return to normal ) sorry . merlin we have start coating the tracker with a constipate formula . buy we at least thirty six hour . jack any news on eggsy ? merlin ( v.0o . } nothing on either of they yet . what happen to mi5 ? no sign of anyone ? jack Arthur be right first time —- drag they heel , as usual . the head of it be there look as if he do not have a care in the world besides whether he horse win . you monitor Valentine , I will go home and slip into something more comfortable . int , colombian mansion - walk - in wardrobe - day . 130 the window in here be cover with a thin wire mesh screen . outside , we see the silhouette of a silencer pistol . then -- pfft -- a bullet come through the screen , eggsy 's hand , wrap in he police shirt , snake through the hole , expand it , until he can reach through to the catch . eggsy push the screen . it lift . he climb into the room . int . mansion first floor landing - day 131 eggsy creep along the landing , peer into the bedroom . a huge cartel guard be come up the stair . eggsy time he run perfectly , meeting the Guard with a jujitsu neck -hold that prevent he from make any noise . the Guard struggle , try to shake eggsy off , but eggsy hang on until the guard drop to the floor , unconscious . ext . oil rig - day . 132 the oil rig be now a blazing inferno . we pull back further to reveal roxy in a SMALL inflatable lifeboat . she 's wave she arm , passport in hand . 133 134 135 87 . pull back further still , we see a helicopter approach . int . mansion master bedroom - day . 133 a gorgeous woman be asleep here . eggsy creep towards she . holding he breath , he slip he hand under the mattress . it 's unbearably tense . the woman stir ... and wake up ! face to face with eggsy . panick , he grab the mattress and yank it up , tipping she to the ground . eggsy sorry ! the bed base be expose . there be nothing there . the woman scream , trap under the mattress . we can hear the thunder of many , many heavy footfalls , man run . and now eggsy can see they : four guard , run , gun draw , and a well - dress older man , carlo pere . the woman finally wriggle from beneath the mattress . see the man come , she dive back under it , take cover . eggsy draw he gun , but he be well and truly fuck . int . jack house - day . 134 Jack wear he glass , on a call . jack think he 's head for the airport ? ext . secret base AIR strip - day . 135 merlin and Arthur wait outside , both on the call to Jack . merlin it 's possible . Arthur 's update mi5 . should be the boot up the arse they need . i’1l keep you post . jack ( v.0 . ) do not take you eye off hin , please . not until he 's in custody . arthur agreed . ( remove he glass ) a-ha . here she be . roxy walk triumphantly towards they . 88. merlin and two minute to spare ! very well do , roxy . arthur indeed . heartiest congratulation , and welcome to huntsman . we tailor be not accustom to make lady 's suit , but I be sure they will rise to occasion . Arthur hold out he hand . roxy shake it uncertainly . roky eggsy have not make it back ? {off he head shake ) but he 's okay ? arthur we have not have any word . what 's the matter ? you should be celebrate . a jet appear on the horizon . merlin 's watch flash . he don he glass to take a call . merlin yes , Control ? yes , I see it . ( to arthur} we have a unidentified plane approach , look like it 's intend to land . get clear . the three of they begin to run as the jet bear down on they , a black gulf stream , unbelievably loud . running in the other direction , armed huntsmen security rush out towards it . the jet land and come to a stop right next to they . the jet door open . Security train they rifle . suddenly , a bound , gag carlos pere be hurl from the jet . second later , eggsy emerge . eggsy hope you do not t mind I bring carlos . just think if he be gonna do time , he should do it here . learn something about the effect he trade have on the end user . be I late ? everyone gape at he . roxy run forward , jump over carlos pere to hug eggsy . he look at Arthur and merlin . eggsy ( cont 'd ) I hope nick a plane 's not against the rule . it 's just that you forget to hide my passport . arthur ( know full well ) do we ? merlin you be within the time , eggsy . arthur so . the test continue . merlin tonight ? arthur let they shower and change first . 136 int . arthur' secret base office — day . gg . 136 eggsy enter . Arthur be play with eggsy 's dog . arthur he 's very sweet . what 's he name ? eggsy jb . arthur as in James bond ? eggsy no , as in Jason bourne , arthur jolly good . it pain I to admit it , eggsy , but you have do better than I could ever have imagine . he draw a gun and point it at eggsy , who do not flinch . arthur ( cont ’d ) take it . ( eggsy do ) now shoot jb . eggsy try to hide he horror . he raise the gun and aim it at he dog . the dog walk up to the barrel and lick it . eggsy lower the gun in despair . no way he can do this . from another room , we hear : a gunshot . arthur ( cont ’d ) at least the girl have some ball . eggsy grab the dog and run from the room . watch he go . then he pick up the phone . Arthur just 137 138 139 140 90 . arthur ( cont ’d ) merlin , bring roxy in , please . and contact the agent . we will hold she swear - in ceremony in a hour . int . secret base - day . 137 eggsy get into a bristol car and begin to hot- wire it . his little dog watch from the passenger seat . ext . secret base - day . 138 the bristol speed out of the hangar and race away . int . eggsy 's mum' flat - day 139 the doorbell ring . Michelle answer it , to see : eggsy . his dog at he side . Michelle throw she arm around he . michelle oh my god , where have you be ? I nve be so worried ! now he see she black eye . anger rise . eggsy where be he ? michelle I be fine , eggsy . do not get involved . let I make you a tea . eggsy no , I should never have leave you alone . this stop right now . look after the dog . I will be right back . ext . pub - day 140 Dean and he gang boy be sit outside , drink . the bristol pull up . to they disbelief , eggsy open the window . eggsy oi. Dean . can I have a word ? dean only if you get out that poncy car first . and only if the word be '' ow , you break my nose . '' 142 143 91 . eggsy that 's five word . but no worry . about time you hit a man instead of a bird . tell you muppet to go inside , and 1’11 get out the car . Dean nod and the boy all run inside . second later , they appear at the pub window , craning for a good view . dean come on then , you little prick . eggsy smile calmly and reach for the door handle . thunk . the lock click shut . eggsy try to pull it . it will not budge . Dean look at he , incredulous . eggsy react in total dismay and puzzlement as -- roar ! ~- the engine start . and the car pull away ! the gang boy laugh loudly . Dean yell after he . dean ( cont 'd ) Chicken shit ! come back when you have grow a pair ! int . bristol car - day 141 eggsy be seethe . nothing he do have any effect . pedal , steering wheel , gear stick -- they be all lock in place . and still the car keep drive . ext . jack 's house - day 142 the bristol come hurtle down Jack 's mews . Jack be stand at he front door , hold a remote control . the car stop sharply beside he . jack if there be such thing as a ejector seat , I would be use it right now . get out . int . jack 's house ~ day . 143 Jack shut the door and round on eggsy . jack you throw away you great achievement over a fuck dog . and then you steal one of we car . thanks for humiliate I . 92 . eggsy if you think it 's alright to shoot a dog just to get a fuck job , then I be happy I humiliate you . I be only sorry I do not do worse . Jack grab eggsy by he collar and march he to the loo . he kick the door open to reveal : a mounted taxidermy dog . jack you be right ! and the guilt never leave I , but I understand the importance of follow order , and Mr Pickle here remind I of that every time I take a shit . eggsy you shot you dog and have it stuff , you sick fuck !? jack no . I shot my dog . and then I bring he home and continue to care for he for the next eleven year until he die of pancreatitis . it be a blank , eggsy . it be a fuck blank . ( off eggsy 's silence ) and do you remember Amelia ? ( off he nod ) she work at we tech department in Berlin . she 's fine . limit must be test , but huntsman only condone risk a life to save another . eggsy oh yeah ? like my dad save yours ? even though you fuck up cost he ? this hit Jack hard . his emotional dam finally break . jack and as long as I live , I will never forget it . never forgive myself . can not you see that ? that all I have ever want be to make it right somehow ? can not you see that everything I have do be about try to repay he ? by give he son a new life . the life he so dearly want for himself . eggsy ( move , soften ) I '' sorry . you give I a chance . I will always be grateful for that . ( more ) 144 145 93. eggsy ( cont 'd ) I be gonna take what you teach I and try and do something good with my life . for my dad . and for you . ( a beat ) shall I take the car back now ? they be interrupt by a signal from Jack 's watch . he put on he glass , throw eggsy a apologetic look . jack ( on the phone ) ++- you be joke ! where the hell be mi5 ?!... any idea of the destination . well there be dozen of airport in Kansas , do we know which one ?... I be on my way . ( glass off , to eggsy ) I be sorry , I need to go . look , I will be back in a couple of day . stay here ' till then . i’1l call merlin , and when everything 's calm down , I will take you in and finesse thing . if we be lucky , we may be able to secure you a job in admin , or train you up as a pilot . eggsy thank you . honestly . I x11 do anything . I will be a cleaner , even . ext . church of the saviour - day . 144 think the church from November rain , only much bigger . we swoop in and see a large sign : '' america be doomed '' , inflammatory slogan appear on smaller poster all over . merlin ( v.0 . ) from everything I can find online , the Church of the saviour be some kind of hate group . you inside now ? int . church ~ day . 145 the rally have begin . the church leader , 60 , be bellow . church leader watch the news ! aids , flood , the blood of the innocent spill ... and yet there be that who doubt that this be the wrath of God ?? the congregation jeer in agreement . Jack be here try he best to blend in . he put on he glass and scan the room . 147 148 94 , church leader ( cont 'd ) we filthy goverment condone sodomy , divorce and abortion ... and yet some still doubt that this be the work of the Antichrist ? int . jack 's house ~ night . 146 eggsy be use Jack 's computer to check he Facebook . post say '' where da fuck be u ??? '' etc . suddenly , a window pop up : a live video show what Jack be see . audio , too . church leader ( v.0 ) to that I say : you may not be a fag , a Jew , a nigger , or a whore who have congress out of wedlock ... Jack 's be look around the room , now focuss on hidden cameras . there be many . then he look back to the pulpit . church leader ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) you may not yourself be a dirty foreigner , a pervert Catholic or a murdering soldier ... int . church - day . 147 the Church leader be get louder . church leader but if you enable that who be : GOD . hate . you . and he will smite you son and daughter and he will rejoice in you tear ! the crowd cheer . Jack look around again . no Valentine . he get up to leave . a blonde woman beside he give he a look . blonde woman hey ! what 's you problem ? Jack lean in and whisper to she as he slip past she . jack I be a Catholic whore currently enjoy congress out of wedlock with my black , jewish boyfriend who work in a military abortion clinic . hail Satan and have a lovely afternoon , madam . int . control winnebago - day . 148 a trailer full of equipment . monitor show live feed from the camera in the church . Valentine be here with gazelle . 149 150 95 . valentine start the test ! Quick , before he leave . wait ! put you earpiece in ! gazelle we be well out of range . 1000 foot ? valentine listen , if I be wrong about the range , I be the one who 's screw . so I be not take any chance . ( gazelle put he on ) okay . go. ( gazelle tap some key ) now let 's just hope enough of this freak have we sim card . int . church ~ day . 149 Jack be edging down a side - aisle towards the exit as the Church leader continue . church leader and to that who would threaten we first amendment rights , I say —- he stop . there 's a strange high - pitch whine come from multiple direction . he get he phone out , perplex . in the congregation , eyeryone be have a similar reaction . the whine continue . a few people check they phone , too . in the aisle Jack stagger , feel peculiar . the Church leader tears| the cross from the wall behind he . then he lock eye with a heavy -set man in the front row ... and charge at he , impaling he with the cross . a second later , all hell break loose and the congregation begin to viciously attack one another . several have gun . a tall man charge at Jack . Jack draw he own gun and pistol whip the man , knock he to the ground ... but then he keep hit he . can not stop . whatever this urge be , Jack be affect too . he range into the melee . int . jack 's house - day . 150 eggsy watch the mayhem onscreen , dumbstruck . it 's wholesale slaughter , but Jack 's train killer status be distinctly apparent : he 's cut he way across the room , take people down , leave a trail of body behind he . eggsy click something that look like a communication icon . 151 152 96 . eggsy Jack ? can you hear I ? what be you do ?! what 's happen ? int . control room - day . 151 Valentine and gazelle watch , pleased . valentine bingo ! naile it ! response rate : one hundred percent . gazelle hmmm . but this guy be pretty aggressive already . God hate this , god hate that ... valentine but they like each other just fine . it work , damn it . gazelle I be just say if you would choose , like , buddhist or something ... valentine the fuss that woulda cause be the last thing we need this close to V day . everyone think this guy be nut already . it 's perfect . and we even get to wipe out the huntsman . gazelle not yet ... int . church - day . 152 Jack be choke the Church leader to death . behind he , a woman repeatedly slam another woman 's head into a pew , until she be suddenly shot in the head . Jack drop the dead Church leader and turn to see that he and a armed man be the last two stand . Jack draw he gun and shoot , but he 's out of ammo . the man fire , miss . now he 's out of ammo too ... and Jack be upon he with a silver candlestick . wham . he go down , it 's quiet now except for the whine . suddenly , it stop . come back to he sense now , Jack survey the scene . and he 's horrify . he hear eggsy 's voice . eggsy ( v.0 . ) Jack ? Jack ! can you hear I ? 97 . jack they do something to I . to everyone . I I have get to get out . 153 ext . church ~ day . 153 Jack burst out into the open , only to see : gazelle sprinting towards he , gun aim . Valentine walk behind , leisurely . gazelle Drop you weapon . ( Jack drop he gun ) all of they . valentine judge by the fact that he use a candlestick for he last kill , I be think he 's outta trick . be I right or be I right ? jack what do you do to I ? I have no control . I would never ... I kill all that people . I want to . valentine clever , be not it ? in simple term , it 's a neurological wave that triggers the centre of aggression and switch off inhibitor . jack transmitted through you nasty free sim card , I assume . Valentine start to laugh . valentine you know what this be get like ? it 's get like that old movie we both love . like , I be gonna tell you my whole plan and then I set up a absurdly convolute way of kill you that you find a equally convolute way of escape . jack sound good to I . valentine like I say . it 's a shame that we both have to grow up . he nod to gazelle and gazelle shoot Jack dead , 98 . int . jack house - night . 154 eggsy freak out . eggsy nococoocococecccoccn ! ext . church — night . 155 Valentine and gazelle walk away . valentine meh . I like that guy . feel like I coulda talk he round . gazelle not worth the risk , though . valentine yeah . so , let 's head for home . send out the countdown clock . Party start tomorrow . int / ext . jack car / savile = y 156 Jack 's car screech around a corner , race up the street , eggsy be drive , in shock . he pull up outside huntsman . the shop be close , but there 's a light on upstairs . int . huntsman dine room - night . 157 Arthur stand at the fireplace . the decanter be on the table , eggsy Arthur , jack dead ! arthur galahad . galahad be dead . hence we have all just toast he . eggsy then you know what that maniac be do ! how many people round the world have that sim card ? if they all go homicidal at the same time —- arthur indeed . and thanks to galahad 's recording , we have Valentine 's confession . the intelligence have be turn over to the relevant authority . we work be complete . and a most distinguished legacy for we fall friend it be , too . 99 . eggsy that 's it ? arthur sit down , boy . see this ? it 's a 1815 napoleonic brandy . it be only drunk when we lose a huntsman . ( fill two snifter ) galahad be fond of you and on this occasion , I feel it acceptable to bend the rule . join I in a toast . eggsy take the snifter . they both sit , then raise they glass . Arthur downs the brandy in one . eggsy do the same . eggsy Jack tell I you do not like to break rule , Arthur . why now ? eggsy stare at the mantel over the fireplace . tucked behind a vase , be : a ear - piece . Arthur follow he gaze and smile . arthur you really be jolly good , eggsy . perhaps I ’1l1 make you my proposal for the galahad position . if we can see eye to eye on certain ... political matter . he place a pen on the desk . arthur ( cont 'd ) can you guess what this might be ? eggsy yeah . Jack show I one when we go shopping . activate the poison that be clearly in my suspiciously un - smooth brandy . I will be dead ten second after you click it . arthur oh , bravo ! eggsy Valentine win you over . somehow . but not Jack . so you let Jack go to he death . arthur I know Jack too well . he 's accuse I of be close minded , but he 's a intractable bugger himself . and a sentimental one . I elect not to even try . his dissent would have put we all at risk . eggsy eye Arthur 's hand on the pen . 158 100 . eggsy but you think I might ... agree . to turn a blind eye to Valentine wiping out ... how many people ? million ? you have not tell the authority at all , have you ? Arthur cock he head , smile . egqsy be correct . arthur they be all on board . grateful to Valentine for solving the issue that they promise they could fix but deep down know they could not . once he explain , I understand . int . huntsman pattern room - flashback - day . 158 Valentine be pitching he ethos to Arthur . he come over as fiercely intelligent , reasonable , charismatic . valentine Earth be a self - regulate system , but anthropogenic force have interfered by change the external boundary condition . man 's agriculture and industry have alter and deplete forty percent of the planet 's surface . the human body be another self - regulate system . when a virus interfere with its function , either the virus be destroy , or the host be destroy . arthur either way , the virus die . valentine mankind be that virus . population growth be out of control . even if you take climate change from the equation , the point of no return pass a long time ago . fact be , we be only sixty year away from run out of space to grow enough food to sustain this horde of ours . fifty year from have deplete the seas of all edible seafood . whether we starve ourselves to extinction , or we carbon emission raise temperature to uninhabitable level first , the outcome be the same . the virus die . 101 . 159 int . huntsman dine room - present —- day . 159 Arthur have just finish recount this to eggsy . eggsy so Valentine propose to take care of the population problem himself . artrur if nebody do , nature will do it for we . sometimes a culling be the only way to ensure a species 's survival . History will come to regard Valentine as the man who save humanity from extinction . eggsy and he 's pick and choose who get cull be he ? all he rich mate , they get to live . and all the people he rate as clever or talented , he 's keep they safe whether they agree with he or not . arteur and you , eggsy . in Jack 's honour , I be invite you . a new world will rise from the ash , and you can be part of it . time to make you decision . eggsy I no rather be with Jack , thanks . arthur so be it . Arthur click the pen . nothing happen . eggsy the problem with we common type be that we be light finger . Arthur start to wretch . eggsy ( cont 'd ) huntsman 's teach I a lot . but sleight of hand ... I have that down already . Arthur collapse . eggsy grab the ear-piece from Arthur 's ear and the phone from he pocket . on the phone : a countdown clock . 08:42:59 . second tick . 160 161 102 . int . secret base hangar - night . 160 eggsy have he hand up . roxy have a gun on he while merlin examine Arthur 's phone and ear-piece . merlin okay lancelot , put it down . it 's verify . roxy lower the gun . eggsy lower he hand . merlin ( cont 'd ) Arthur 's phone be receive update text about get to safety . there 's not a lot of time . eggsy what be you gonna do ? merlin God know who 's in Valentine 's pocket and who an not . we have no choice but to deal with this curselve . eggsy do you mean ... I as well ? merlin glance at the clock , then back to eggsy , indicate a odd - lock retro exo - skeleton contraption cn a shelf . merlin load that into the plane . roxy where be we go ? merlin Valentine 's base . he 's send the ccordinate in a group text , invite he choose people to join he there if they do not have a safe retreat of they own . ext . valentine 's mountain base - night , 161 we follow a private jet fly towards a huge mountain . Inside , the pilot look nervous -- it look as if he be about to crash inte the rock -face ... +.. but it 's a projection . the jet fly straight through . 162 163 103 . int . valentine 's base -. night . 162 the jet land . smartly - dress greeter , wear ear-piece , walk over to welcome the newcomer . int . control room - night . bank of technical equipment in here . on a monitor , a live feed of a landing strip . the pilot , passengers and greeter . Valentine be in here with gazelle , valentine how many more be we expect ? gazelle not many . most have they own bunker . I figure we be just get the really nervous one . int . huntsman jet - sunrise . 163 merlin be in scientific mode , dissect the inner working of the phone and headset as roxy and eggsy watch . merlin it seem the earpiece can emit some kind of counter - signal to ensure the wearer be unaffected by the wave from the sim card . roxy the one that turn everyone into a psycho-killer . merlin quite . presumably it 's just a precaution . and as I suspect , it can also super-heat the wearer 's soft tissue , in the event that they blab to the wrong people . eggsy how do this help we right now ? merlin it do not . m just tinkering while I wait for the phone to reverse- locate the most accessible satellite in Valentine 's chain . eggsy so we take out the satellite . merlin we will only have time to take out one . ( more ) 104 . merlin ( cont 'd ) but that 'il break the chain and stop the signal . and you all have deal with Valentine before he can do anything about it . eggsy wait , how do we take out a -- a red light start to flash , and merlin interrupt . merlin get it . brace yourself for landing . through the plane window , all eggsy can see be a deserted road in the middle of mowhere . they be landing on it . ext . deserted road - sunrise . 164 eggsy and roxy disembark , confuse and apprehensive . merlin follow , carry the odd excoskeleton that eggsy retrieve . merlin lancelot , put this on . roxy what be it ? merlin it be develop as part of Reagan 's Star Wars project , but ultimately reject . it 's quite basic , but it should still work . roxy reluctantly get in . merlin operate some valve . a hiss of gass , and huge metallic balloon start to inflate . merlin ( cont 'd ) when you reach the edge of the atmosphere , the ballcon will implode . so you 'il need to deploy you missile just before that . roky the edge of tthe atmos : be ?? merlin after you have deploy , you will need to release for you descent . fast . roxy start rise , balloon near full . eggsy grab she hand . eggsy you can do this . she smile gratefully , nod . and he let go . roxy lift off . 165 167 105 . merlin stop gape , eggsy . time be not we friend . go and get ready . int . huntsman jet - day . 165 merlin throw eggsy a suit - bag . eggsy look inside , be move . eggsy the clothes Jack buy I . merlin you be get in on Arthur 's invitation . you need to blend in . egssy and once we be inside ? merlin no we . once you be inside , I need you to connect I to the mainframe . xt . y= day . 166 roxy be get higher and higher . not enjoy it at all . suddenly , there 's a voice on she comm . eggsy ( v.0 . ) rox ? it 's I . how 's the view ? roxy hideous . int . huntsman jet - day . 167 eggsy stand at a mirror , wear the huntsman glass to communicate , do up he tie . he look good . eggsy I never get a chance to say ... huntsman be lucky to have you . I be glad you become lancelot . roxy ( v.0 . ) wish I could say the same right now . merlin you be do great . not much further to go . you be up next , eggsy . Valentine 's base be in that mountain . ( off eggsy 's alarm ) ( more ) 168 170 106 . merlin ( cont 'd ) do not worry , that 's just a cloaking device over the entrance . smoke and mirror . shadows fill the plane as they swoop inside the mountain . ext . sky - day . 168 roxy try to sound cheerful . roky good luck ! int . valentine 's base - day . 169 the huntsman jet have land . eggsy and the huntsman pilot and co- pilot get out and be meet by the eager greeter . eggsy hand over he phone to one of they . she tap the keypad to check something on it , then hand it back to he . first greeter follow I , sir . and you pilot be most welcome to make themselves at home in the staff refectory . one greeter usher the pilot away to a security scanner as the first greeter walk eqgsy to another security scanner . first greeter ( cont ’d ) just a formality . I be sure you have adhere to we no - weapon policy . I do apologize for the inconvenience . eggsy pass through the scanner . the greeter lead eggsy to a wait mini - moke . they get in and drive off . int . valentine 's hq lobby - day . 170 they drive into a vast lobby . it look like the lobby of a five star hotel . numerous member of the elite gather here . eggsy get out and stroll through the room , do a great job of look like he belong . he pass a sumptuous buffet . he 's eyeing a carving knife on it when a butler approach . hq butler would sir like a drink ? eggsy dalmore whiskey , no ice . and a splash of room temperature water . 172 107 . the butler look impressed . eggsy walk off and continue to subtly scope out the room . finally he spot : a TEXAS oil baron sit alone on a couch , use a laptop . eggsy make a beeline , take a seat beside he . the butler serve eggsy he drink . eggsy nod he thanks , take a sip . then he raise he glass in toast to the Texan . eggsy ( cont 'd ) Society be dead . Long live society . texan amen to that ! my oil will not be worth shit , but I will be king of Texas ! Bobby getty . the Texan offer he hand . merlin come on to eggsy 's comm , merlin ( v.0 . ) stop fuck about . int . sky - day . 171 roxy scan she head up display . roxy get a fix on the satellite . int . valentine 's ho lobby - day . 172 eggsy shake hand with the Texan . eggsy Edmund knight . King of norfolk , in the not-so-United Kingdom . they both laugh . eggsy indicate the man 's laptop . eggsy ( cont 'd ) how do you get on line ? I could not . texan yeah , wifi 's down for security . Valentine 's my nephew , leat I one of he . private network , I guess . eggsy bh . do you need a light ? texan what ? I be not get a cigare — eggsy shoot he with a dart from he lighter . he snatch the laptop from the slump Texan , quickly insert a dongle . 173 174 175 108 . eggsy get up ... and be floor by a punch ! he look up to see : Charlie . Charlie lean down , talk low , the carve knife we see before press to eggsy 's throat . charlie there 's no way anyone would want a low life you to be part of the new world . so I assume you cheat you way to become a huntsman . eggsy eh ?? what be you do here ? charlie my family be invite . obviously . ( see eggsy reach for he pocket ) not so fast ! Charlie reach into eggsy 's pocket and pull out : a bottle of aftershave . he smirk , relieved and amused . charlie ( cont 'd ) hope to mask you stench , be you ? you will need this even more when you be rotting in jail . eggsy wriggle away , squeeze he cuff-link and ... boom ! the bottle explode in Charlie 's hand . guest run , guard run over . the time for blend in have pass . eggsy slip the laptop behind the couch and run too . in the chaos , he manage to lose he pursuer . at the edge of the room , he slip through a service door . int . service tunnel -— day . 173 eggsy run down the tunnel , merlin in he ear . merlin ( v.0 . ) I be in . give I a second . ext . sky - day . 174 the quality of light be get very weird up here . roxy eggsy , I be scared . listen , if I do not survive the fall -- int . service tunnel - day . 175 eggsy talk to she as he run . 178 eggsy do not even start . you will do great girl . just remember , if you go into a flat spin , relax all you muscle and figure out which way 's up before you correct . and if you can not , assume delta position . ext . edge of the atmosphere - day . 176 it 's crunch time . roxy you nre a good friend , eggsy . merlin ( v.0 . ) good luck , lancelot . Fire in three ... two ... one ! go! roxy fire her missile . merlin ( v.0 . } and release , now ! roxy pull the release bar ... and begin to plummet . int . service tunnel - day . 177 eggsy sprint down the tunnel . he stop at a door , pull it open . only to be confront by : a guard . the Guard lunge for he and they begin to fight . ext . sky - day . 178 roxy start to spin as she fall . and she spin get faster . roxy raaah ! flat spin ! int . service tunnel - day , 179 as the punch - up between eggsy and the Guard continue , he shout out encouragement and guidance to roxy . eggsy relax ! arm , leg , spine , let it all go loose ! know you direction ? roxy ( v.0 . } no ! I be gonna black out ! my head ! 180 181 182 183 184 i110 . int . service tunnel - day . 180 eggsy slam the Guard against the wall . eggsy roxy , Delta position ! Quick ! he throw a right hook and the guard be out cold . but now more guard be run towards he . eggsy ( cont ’d ) roxy ? eggsy run in through the doorway and slam the door shut just in time . the guard try to enter , but eggsy 's lock it . ext . sky - day . 181 roxy 's eye be beginning to roll back in she head as she lose consciousness . she 's spin even faster than before . eggsy ( v.0 . ) Delta ! with all she remain will , roxy get she leg straight and thirty degree apart , arm back . her spin slow . she blink back to full awareness , finally righting herself . then she open she parachute . second later , the satellite explode . int . huntsman jet - day . 182 merlin , he computer before he , punch the air . merlin ( v.0 . ) yes ! ext . sky - day . 183 relief flood roxy 's face as she slowly descend . roxy eggsy ? int , security lock - day . 184 behind eggsy , the guard bang to get in . in front of he be another door . button beside it . eggsy punch they . eggsy well do rox , nice work . merlin , how the fuck do I get out of here ? 185 186 lil . merlin ( v.0 . ) I be work on that door , wait . once you be through , you all pass through some kind of cell block . the door behind he be start to come off its hinge . just in time , the door in front of he click open . int , MAIN control room ~ day . 185 Valentine be at a bank of screen show various satellite . gazelle approach and whisper to he . valentine well , just hold whoever the fuck it be there . it " 's not like he can do anything from the prison sector . do you see this , by the way ? on one screen , bit of destroyed satellite float peacefully . valentine ( cont 'd ) bunch of amateur just take out Google Earth , gazelle any more missile that we know of ? valentine no . but I be not take the risk . bring the countdown forward to ... let 's see . know what ? fuck it . if people be not someplace safe by now they must like live dangerously . signal be go in five minute . gazelle nod and take a seat at another console . int . huntsman jet - day . 186 merlin look at he screen . merlin oh shit . wrong satellite . int . prison block entrance . 187 various prison guard lie unconscious in eggsy 's wake . hear Arthur 's phone vibrate , eggsy get it out . the phone screen read : 00:04:49 the second tick down . eggsy merlin ? you see this ? 188 189 192 193 194 112 . int . country mansion banquet hall - night . 188 a group of old white men in suit leap up from a table . merlin ( v.0 . ) I can not shut down the server remotely in this little time . you will have to do it manually . int . emergency stair - night . 189 a group of suite politician run down the stair . merlin ( v.0 . ) the prison cell be in front of you . I be open they . int . panic room - day . 190 four snooty -looking women barricade themselves in . eggsy ( v.0 . ) who 's in the cell ? int . david beckham' car - day . 191 David beckham look at he phone . then he accelerate hard . merlin ( v.0 . ) I do not know , but you have get to get they to help you . int . prison block - day . 192 eggsy stand at the beginning of the row of cell . eggsy help I do what ?! suddenly there 's a symphony of clunk . lock unlock . int , huntsman jet - day . 193 merlin click away furiously on he computer . merlin get back into that tunnel . int . prison block - day . 194 we track along the row of open cell to reveal , emerge from inside : elton John , jamie oliver , usain bolt , lady gaga , 195 196 197 113 , int . control room - day . 195 Valentine scream at gazelle . valentine shit ! freeze the cell override ! int . huntsman jet - day . 196 merlin pound a key , then smack he forehead in frustration . merlin damn . I can not open any more . you get enough people ? int . cell block - day . 197 eggsy stare , bemuse , at elton , Jamie , usain and gaga . eggsy who 's in the mood for save the world ? I need to get past the guard to Valentine 's control room . jamie they give I some stuff to cook with . wait , I ' 1l get the knife . he sprint back to the cell . eggsy turn to usain . eggsy you and Jamie stick with I . ( to gaga and elton ) you two , create a distraction . sir elton fuck you . eggsy I just bloody let you out ! elton create a fuck distraction ! cheeky little bastard . eggsy alright fine , look -- you do what you want . come on . the group start to move swiftly towards the door at the end of the hall . Jamie catch up to they , armed with he knive . as they pass the remain lock cell on the other side , other still - trap celebrity , yell word of encouragement . 198 199 200 201 202 114 . adele Fucking kill he ! stephen hawking good , luck . everybody . int . control room - day . 198 gazelle look bleakly at a security camera monitor . gazelle I be gonna deal with this myself . valentine I guess we should have have more security . as gazelle leave , Valentine flick a switch and a insanely reinforced door slam clown . no one be get through that . int . huntsman jet - day . 199 merlin look anxiously at he computer . merlin Valentine 's shut he security door . we have get to figure out a way in . we have get two minute . int . prison block entrance - day . 200 eggsy move fast towards the door , follow by the other . eggsy ( v.0 . ) rox ? I need a favour . I be send you my mum 's number . please warn she . just in case . tell she to lock herself away from the baby . ext . deserted highway - day , 201 roxy have now land . happy to be back on terra firma . rory I will do it right now . good luck . int . huntsman jet - day . 202 merlin study the map on he monitor . merlin there 's a fuse box in the tunnel . you can disable the security door . 203 int . security lock — day . 203 eggsy and the other stand at the door . we can hear the Security Guards on the other side , try to get in . eggsy there be a lot of guard ... okay , here 's what we be gonna do : I , Jamie and elton engage they . we be gonna fight we way to the control room . gaga , do not fight if you do not want to . lady gaga oh , I will fight , do not worry . eggsy hand he glass to usain bolt . eggsy usain , put this on . you will hear my colleague through they . follow he direction and run like the wind . {to merlin , over comm ) usain be handle the fuse box , get that merlin ? merlin ( v.0 . ) Roger that . can you hear I usain ? usain bolt loud and clear . eggsy everybody ready ? everyone nod . eggsy open the door ... 204 int . service tunnel - day . 204 four armed guard be here now , and all hell break loose . eggsy wrestle the first Guard . bullet spray all over . thank god for eggsy 's kevlar . the guard yell to he cohort : first guard do not shoot the celebrity ! Valentine will kill you ! usain break away and begin to run as elton , Jamie and gaga attack the other guard . Jamie be terrifyingly fast with he knife . the second Guard lose several finger . elton be a revelation --- a shockingly dirty fighter , bite and claw as he wrestle the third Guard to the ground . Lady gaga kick the fourth Guard in the ball , but he just pick she up and carry she back towards the cell ... 205 206 207 208 209 116 . until eggsy angle the first Guard 's gun and shoot the fourth Guard . he fall heavily on gaga . she try to get out from under he , but she seem injure . int . bend in the tunnel - day . 205 usain round a bend to see a fork in the tunnel ahead of he . merlin ( v.o. ) take the right ! int . control room - day . 206 Valentine survey the security camera output . usain run . valentine gazelle ? he 's in service tunnel D . he 's go for the fuse box . run ! int . bend in the tunnei , ~ day . 207 gazelle bound into view . he can see usain ahead of he . he put on a burst of speed as he run for the right fork . gazelle I see he . int . service tunnel - day . 208 eggsy succeed in knock out the first Guard with the butt of he own gun and race to help Jamie ... ..- who be just now be disarm by the second second Guard . the guard push Jamie away and he smack back against a wall , hit he head . he crumple to the ground , out cold . the second Guard , now miss several finger , struggle to get a grip on he gun , he eye on eggsy . int . tunnel fork - day . 209 the best race we have ever see be take place , as gazelle close in on usain . merlin ( v.0o . ) keep go ! door on you leave ! usain put on a spurt cf speed and finally reach the fuse — box room . he run in and slam the door in gazelle 's face . gazelle rattles the handle , furious . it 's now lock . 212 117 . int . service tunnel - day . 210 the second Guard , he trigger control sorely lack now , be fire wildly at eggsy until -- boom ! he 's shot ... +.- by gaga , still on the ground , unable to get up , but now armed with the late forth Guard 's gun . smack !! elton head - butt the third Guard , put he down . eggsy examine the gun while elton frees gaga . she wince . gaga . nope . you better leave I here . eggsy shit . they be all out of ammo . eggsy move off down the tunnel fast , follow by elton . eggsy ( cont ’d ) how would you learn to fight like that ? sir elton train with my body guard . and watch dynasty . but now eggsy be distract . as he walk , he pull out he phone . the countdown clock say 00:00:19 . nineteen second ... int . huntsman jet - day . 211 merlin have the same countdown in a window on he screen , merlin usain ? do you see it ? int . fuse BOX room - day , 212 more cupboard than room . behind usain , one of gazelle 's blade stab through the door like a sword , just miss he . usain they be not mark ! merlin ( v.0 . ) then turn they all off ! int . a new corridor - day . 213 eggsy and elton make a beeline for a heavy security door . it 's lock . suddenly a light go out . eggsy try again . eggsy we be here ! still lock ! 214 215 216 217 218 118. int . fuse BOX room - day . 214 usain shut off switch , try to avoid the blade that be now punch repeatedly through different point in the door . usain I be try ! int . control room corridor - day . 215 there 's a thunk from the security door . it 's unlock ! eggsy and elton grab it , struggle to pull it up manually . merlin ( v.0o . ) nine second ! usain , you do it ! int . fuse BOX room - day . 216 usain punch the air . usain wooo ! unthinkingly , he step back ... and one of gazelle 's blade come straight through the door ... and straight through he . int . control room - day . 217 Valentine watch calmly as the heavy security door rise . a computerised voice be now do a countdown . computerize voice Three ... eggsy slide under the door . his eye meet Valentine 's . computerize voice ( cont ’d ) two ... valentine hey , valet boy . just in time to witness the birth of a new world . computerize voice one . eggsy 's eye widen as ... a bank of monitor come to life : image from all around the world show riot break out . int . news room - day . 218 a old male news anchor get up from he chair , a mad look in he eye . a weather girl rush into view and loop the cable from she clicker around he neck , start choke he . 219 220 221 222 223 224 225 226 227 119 . ext . thai market - day . 219 people attack each other . ext . eiffel tower - day . 220 tourist attack each other . ext . a american gun show - day . 221 everyone start shoot each other . int . photo shoot - day . 222 the kardashian and they reality film crew scrap violently . int . pub - day . 223 Dean , the gang boy , Ryan and jamal be in deadly combat . int . eggsy 's mum' flat ! ~ day . 224 eggsy 's mum look craze as she try to break down a door . behind it , we can hear eggsy 's little sister , scream . int . control room - day . 225 eggsy rush Valentine and begin punch he . eggsy how do I turn it of for ?? valentine you do not . override be voice activate . my voice . and it can detect if I be under duress . eggsy drop Valentine and run to the desk , desperate . merlin ( v.0o . ) he 's right , I can not override it . int . tunnel - day . 226 gazelle be run up the tunnel . int . valentine 's ho lobby - day . 227 the Texan lie asleep , oblivious . the rest of the Elite be watch the monitor here and celebrate . 229 230 232 233 234 120 . int . country mansion cellar - night . 228 the Old White Men we see before watch a small tv , cheering . int . le , junker - night . 229 the suite politician celebrate . int . panic room - day . 230 the snooty woman hug while , on a tv , people kill one another . int . david beckham' car / desert highway - day . 231 David beckham drive om a desert road , radio on . radio voice ( v.q. ) .»- worldwide report of violence on ah unprecedented scale . ( banging , the whine ) you can not come in here , what be -- I ... I be gonna fuck kill you !! now there 's scuffling and sound of a fight . beckham smile . int . control room - day . 232 eggsy 's eye light up -- he 's get a idea . eggsy merlin -- remember swanson ? Valentine -- you wanna save you choose few , you better turn off the sim card . merlin now ! do it ! a window pop onto Valentine 's monitor . text read : security breach measure yes / no . the '' yes '' box turn red . valentine not he rush to the computer . int . huntsman jet - day . 233 on merlin 's screen , text read : '' select all ? '' . he click . int . eggsy 's mum' flat - day . 234 eggsy 's sister stand in she cot , scream . suddenly , the door splinter . and , the shine style , heeeere 's Michelle ! 239 240 241 242 121. int . control room - day . 235 the text on the monitor say : '' be you sure you want to select all ? yes / no '' , the '' yes '' box turn red . valentine okay ! Valentine rush over , smack he palm on a biometric reader . valentine ( cont ’d ) Richmond Valentine . override code three two ninety nine . computerize voice login accept . confirm that you wish to turn off signal to sim . valentine yes ! int . news room — day . 236 the homicidal weather girl drop the News anchor . ext . thae market ~ day . 237 everyone in the market who be leave stand , stop fight . ext . eiffel tower - day . 238 the tourist stop fight ... and hug one another . ext . a american gun show - day . 239 everyone at the gun show be dead except one old man . he drop he gun , confuse . int . photo shoot - day . 240 the kardashian and they film crew stop fight . int . pub - day . 241 a lot of casualty in the pub . the survivor stop fight and try to help one ancther . int . eggsy's mum' flat - day . 242 Michelle suddenly come to she sense . she climb through the smashed door , grab she baby from the cot and hug she tight . 243 244 245 246 247 122. int . control room - day . 243 Valentine look urgently to eggsy . valentine : I have turn off mine , you turn off yours ! merlin ( v.0 . ) uh ... eggsy ? I think it 's too late . int . valentine 's ho lobby - day . 244 the Elite guest be gather around the monitor , confuse . from one a bloodied tv reporter be report breathlessly . tv reporter -.. no idea what just happen ... but it seem to be over ... tchaikovsky 's 1912 overture begin to play and ... -.- the guest 's head begin to explode . int / ext . head exploding montage - day . 245 around the world , the head of Valentine 's choose blow up . -- the Old White Men -- the suite politician -- the snooty -look woman -- David beckham -- everyone in Valentine 's lobby . it 's strangely spectacular . int . control room - day . 246 on the security camera monitor , Valentine can see what 's happen in the lobby , and he be livid . valentine fuck you ! he place he hand back on the biometric reader . eggsy shove he away and they struggle , Valentine try to reach it . int . control room corridor - day . 247 outside the control room , elton John be valiantly fight gazelle , try to stop he from get in . but gazelle fling elton aside and slip under the gap in the door ... 248 249 250 123. int . control room - day . 248 gazelle run at eggsy . a incredible fight ensue . Valentine run to the control , put he hand on the reader . valentine Richmond Valentine . code : ten ten . cancel override . re-start sim . eggsy and gazelle 's 's fight grow ever more intense . computerize voice stress detect . please repeat . we intercut between the epic fight and Valentine 's repeat and increasingly desperate attempt to enter the system . computerize voice ( cont 'd ) login accept . confirm that you wish to start signal to sim . finally , eggsy kill gazelle . he 's never go to be able to reach Valentine in time to stop he from speak . eggsy pull off one of gazelle 's blade and throw it -- valentine ye - — the blade come sailing through the air and impale Valentine . he let out a gurgle death rattle . computerize voice stress detect . please repeat . eggsy react : total relief . it 's over . ext , isolated highway - day . 249 roxy be sit by the side of a desert highway . the huntsman jet land right beside she . int . huntsman jet - day . 250 roxy climb onboard . eggsy and merlin be wait for she . merlin welcome back , lancelot . roxy thank you , merlin . merlin actually ... it 's Arthur now . I be honoure to report that we fellow huntsman vote for I to take over . 251 252 124 . roxky congratulation ! merlin in other good news , it would appear that none of they head blow up . the organization be clean . ( a beat ) and now lancelot be with we , I shall conduct my first order of official business . eggsy ... I would like you to be we new galahad . he hold out he hand . eggsy shake it , overjoy . merlin ( cont ’d ) welcome to huntsman ! roxy throw she arm around eggsy , hug he . ext k's house - day . 251 Jack 's mews house . under a caption : '' two week later . '' int . jack 's house ~ day . 252 a framed tabloid headline read : the spy who save the world ! beside it be a nice photo of jack . we pull back to see : it . be hang on the wall , be look at by Michelle . eggsy hold he sister . jb the dog be nearby . michelle do he really do it single -hande ? eggsy must have . I be sure the papers have reliable source of information . eggsy smile a private little smile to himself . michelle what a amazing bloke . get you a job in the tailor , leave you this place . it 's like he be we guardian angel . eggsy nod . that part , at least , be true . the door bell ring . eggsy hand he sister to Michelle . eggsy I will get it , mum . 253 254 125 . int . jack 's entrance hall - day . 253 eggsy answer the door to see ... Dean . Dean react in shock at see eggsy look so good . eggsy Dean , what a pleasant surprise ! time for that five word . and with that , eggsy punch he hard . he go down . dean aaah ! you break my nose ! eggsy yep . that be the one . Dean get up and move to throw a punch when suddenly he eye close and he crumple to the ground again . in eggsy 's hand : Jack 's lighter . eggsy put on he glass . eggsy ( cont 'd ) Control ? this be galahad . there 's a huge turd on my doorstep that need clean up before I and my mum take the dog for a walk . cheer , bruv . over and out . eggsy smile , the door slam shut and we ... fade to black . post credit extra scene : ext . colombia — day , 254 much as eggsy do before , Dean wake up in the street , naked and utterly confuse . the colombian cop we meet earlier approach he with a smile , he handcuffs at the ready . colombian cop hola ! be expect you . a little friend of mine tell I you work in the drug trade . and off Dean 's horrify reaction , we be go .