foxcatcher written by E. Max frye &amp ; Dan futterman int . university of wisconsin gym - very early morning MARK schultz ( 27 , 180 lbs. , cauliflower ear ) lift a human - size , leather wrestling dummy from the mat to stand in front of he . he perform a series of repetitive move - hook one arm under the dummy 's arm , then the other ; one side , then other . again and again . it look almost as if he 's dance gently with it . then , very fast , Mark spin quickly around behind the dummy , grab it in a bear hug , arch he back , lift and slam it to the mat , landing on top . quick cut : Mark spin , lift and slamm the dummy - first one way , then the other - first one hold , then another - slam . slam . slam . slam . slam - over and over and over again . CUT to : I /e. baraboo school / parking lot - late morning Mark pull he beat - up car into a space in the parking lot of this nondescript , 1960s - era suburban brick - facade school . he 's freshly shower , wear a short - sleeve dress shirt , clip - on tie , slack . he reach behind the front seat and pull out a batter brown vinyl briefcase . CUT to : int . baraboo school / principal' office waiting room - day Mark wait alone in a chair he 's much too big for , he brown vinyl briefcase on he lap . a portrait of President Reagan hang on the paint cinder block wall . a clock tick . CUT to : int . baraboo school / auditorium - day Mark 's on stage . a audience of 4th , 5th and 6th grader . MARK why do I do it ? why do I push myself to my limit - of pain , of exhaustion - every day of my life ? why do I wake up every morning and make the commitment ? why do I do it ? 2 . the student be open-mouthed - they have no idea what to make of he . Mark 's not be willfully over - the- top with this kid . this be just what 's on he mind . all the time . MARK ( cont 'd ) in 13 month - if I train right , if I push myself - I will be go to Seoul - that 's a city in South Korea . do anyone know why ? because that 's where the Olympic game be . Mark reach into the briefcase at he foot and pull out a ribbon with a medal dangle from it . MARK ( cont 'd ) do anyone know what this be ? as a couple of kid start to raise they hand -- MARK ( cont 'd ) Olympic gold medal . I win it three year ago at the ` 84 Games in Los Angeles . my brother , Dave schultz - my best friend , my older brother , my best friend - win one too , just 23 hour and 16 minute before I do . that 's unprecedented - two brother win at the same Olympic . ( then ) would you like I to win another one ? would you like I to win another gold medal - for we , for America ? would you like to see I and my big brother - Dave schultz - both win gold medal ? who here want to see the two brother win again ? silence . a couple of the kid tentatively raise they hand . the rest be completely freeze . MARK ( cont 'd ) well we be go to give it absolutely everything we have get . CUT to : int . baraboo school / principal' office waiting room - day a school secretary write out a check as Mark stand in front of the desk , place he medal back in he briefcase . 3. school secretary twenty ... and ... no one-hundred ... she tear off the check and hand it to Mark . he take the check , hold out to she a signed 8x10 photo of himself with he arm raise , in a USA wrestling singlet just after win he Olympic gold . MARK and this be for the trophy case . school secretary I be sorry ?... for what ? MARK for the trophy case . ( beat ) with the trophy . school secretary it 's a elementary school . as Mark hold out the photo , we hear : fast food kid ( v.o . ) can I take you order ? CUT to : int . arby be - day a long-haire , greasy kid with the very beginning of a mustache take Mark 's order . Mark look up at the menu sign . MARK I will have a # 4 . fast food kid # 4 . anything to drink ? MARK no. can I get extra meat on that ? fast food kid 65 cent . MARK what be you talk about ? fast food kid extra meat cost extra . 4. MARK where 's it say that ? fast food kid I do not know . I just know I be suppose to charge extra for extra meat . MARK I always get extra meat . every time I come here . fast food kid it 's extra for extra meat . they tell I . 65 cent . CUT to : I /e. mark ford station wagon / arby' parking lot - day Mark sit in he car , eat he sandwich - no enjoyment , just fueling himself . his radio play a commercial . CUT to : int . university of wisconsin gym - afternoon dave schultz ( 31 , bearded , intelligent , 163 lbs. , strong , fierce , but calm ) , head coach of U of W wrestle , stand on the wrestle mat speak very quietly with 3 or 4 select wrestler from the team . we can not quite hear what Dave be say to they , but we can sense immediately the reverence and deep respect they have for Dave - one of the country 's top wrestler and great coaches . the scene give off the feel one might have watch a horse whisperer with a small group of stallion . whatever he 's say , they be calm by he , pay absolute attention , will do whatever he ask . CUT to : int . mark apartment - evening a cheaply build 70 - era structure , where Mark inhabit two small room with a cheap kitchenette build into the wall of one of they . a particle - board bookcase house a little shrine of Mark 's medal - and photo of he and Dave . Mark retrieve he briefcase from inside the garbage bag and extract he gold medal . 5 . he replace it in the plastic display case on the top shelf , next to the photo of he and Dave smile with they gold medal around they neck . CUT to : int . mark apartment - night Mark dump a package of top ramen noodles into boil water . and another package . and another . CUT to : int . mark apartment - night Mark sit on he one metal folding chair , at he table , eat he bowl of noodle . moth tap against the window . CUT to : int . mark apartment / bedroom - later / night Mark , in just boxer short , cross off another day on he wall calendar . 427 day to Seoul . he look around , then drop to the floor and start a monstrous number of push-up . CUT to : ext . industrial road - early morning Mark run hard past warehouse and auto repair outlet . CUT to : ext . field and hill next to car demolition yard - morning Mark run through knee-high weed drag a car tire attach to a rope behind he . he reach a hill and head straight up , drag the tire all the way - MARK ( v.o . ) coach teller ? this be Mark schultz -- CUT to : 6 . int . mark apartment - day a ink-stain directory of Wisconsin Public school lie open on the kitchen table . MARK ( on phone ) I win a freestyle wrestle gold medal at the ` 84 Olympic . Mark , the phone tuck against he shoulder , slip a blank tape into a cheap vcr . he slide a hand - labele tape into a second vcr , wire to the first . we can read the label : " the MARK schultz wrestling clinic . " he start make a copy . MARK ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) I be arrange a clinic in you area next weekend , and I want to invite you and some of you wrestler to join ... jump CUT to : MARK ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) that 's Dave , my brother . I wrestle at 180 ... no , he will not be there , just I ... okay - well , good luck with you season , coach . jump to : on the screen be a montage of highlight from Mark 's career : take downs , pin . he 's a animal - powerful , aggressive . MARK ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) yes , there 's a small fee . jump to : MARK ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) s-c-h-u-l-t-z .... jump to : on the screen , Mark wrestle resit karabajak , a turkish wrestler , in he first round match at the ` 84 Olympic . MARK ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) a unique , character - building opportunity for young wrestler .... yes , a small fee ... Mark throw karabajak to the mat . pin he . walk away , arm raise . crowd cheer . karabajak 's on the mat , hurt . 7. MARK ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) Dave 's my brother ... on screen , Mark do a back flip . jump to : MARK ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) Olympic Champion ... Mark do a back flip . MARK ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) Dave 's my brother ... jump to : Mark 's hold the phone on he lap , just watch himself on the screen , wrestle ... win ... match after match ... ext . mark apartment / outside walkway - evening Mark 's outside at the second floor railing of this two-story stucco building , look out over the bleak landscape : a 7 - 11 , a Auto -Zone . he eat a hard - boil egg . he watch a car pull into the lot below . Dave get out , look up . dave where be you today ? CUT to : int . mark apartment - moment later Dave fill two mismatch glass with tap water from the faucet . dave how far would you run ? ten ? Mark 's on the tatter couch . he shrug , though we should see that he love the fact that Dave be concerned about he . dave ( cont 'd ) more than ten ? dragging weight the whole way ? ( Dave turn off the water ) you be a sick fuck , you know that ? Dave turn to look at Mark , sit in the bare live room . 8. dave ( cont 'd ) place be look good , by the way . I like what you have do with it . Dave notice the Public school directory on the table . dave ( cont 'd ) you set up clinic ? MARK talk to some coaches . Dave come toward Mark , hand off a water glass , drag the fold chair over to sit across from he . dave I hope you do not have anything book for Saturday . MARK why ? dave I need a favor . this school call I month ago to do a gig but now I can not . Nancy 's get a thing all day so I gotta watch the kid . you free ? MARK I will check . he go into the bedroom , look at the calendar . there 's nothing written down for any of the day . MARK ( cont 'd ) you say Saturday or Sunday ? dave Saturday . MARK Saturday could work . he come back in . dave good . thank you . Dave look at the back of he hand , where he 's write down a name and phone number in marker . he grab one of Mark 's vhs label and a pen and write the information . 9 . dave ( cont 'd ) coach vinson , radnor High . I will let he know you will call tomorrow . he peel off the label and slap it on Mark 's leg . dave ( cont 'd ) and Mark . please come back to the gym . you do not have to do anything with the team . just train with I . Mark 's just look at he older brother . dave ( cont 'd ) I need you there . stay focus on what 's important . for both of we . Seoul 's the goal . beat . beat . then , Mark nod at he brother . MARK Seoul 's the goal . CUT to : int . radnor high school gym - day Seven high school boy plus a couple of pre - teens , all in wrestle gear , sit on the mat in front of Mark . he seem manic , evangelical , not tune into he audience . MARK the minute you step on the mat , you be exactly who you be . you can not hide . you can not pretend you train harder than you do , you want it more than you do . my brother Dave and I care about this more than we care about anything . the difference between the number one guy in the world and the number four guy be paper thin . the one who win be the one who want it more , who 's willing to sacrifice , who can take the pain . I can take the pain . my brother Dave can take the pain . can you take the pain ? blank look from the teenage wrestler . Mark gesture to a table set up near the door , on which be he OPEN briefcase , with a stack of tape . 10 . MARK ( cont 'd ) I talk about all this in my instructional videotape - which you can purchase at the end of the day for a nominal fee . CUT to : int . university of wisconsin gym - day Mark exit the locker room in he wrestle gear , head for the mat . Dave 's in he wrestle gear , on the far side of the gym , talk with two middle - aged men in blazer with USA wrestling insignia . Mark walk onto the mat , wait for he . Dave and the two man see Mark , wave to he - but Mark pretend not to notice , busy himself loosen he wrist , hand , neck . Dave walk over to he . dave you remember Fred Cole from USA wrestling . the man walk up behind Dave . fred cole hey there , Mark , how you be ? Mark sort of nod , but do not really respond . fred cole ( cont 'd ) ( beat , then turn to Dave ) all right , Dave . let we know if we can count on you . we will talk soon . Dave nod . they walk away . then Dave turn back to Mark . MARK you be call I and hang up ? dave ( adjust he knee brace ) no . what do you mean ? Mark do not answer , just stand look at he . for several second , they look at each other . then , slowly at first : they start to circle each other . we sense immediately they difference : Dave 's hunch and not very muscular physique bely he quickness and enormous strength . 11 . Mark 's define characteristic be brute force . a weight class heavier than Dave , he can never seem to beat he older brother . the wrestle become intense and violent - Mark 's head slam into Dave 's nose , draw blood . this only energize Dave , who slam Mark to the mat - drip blood onto he . various shot of the increasingly brutal match , end with : Dave ride Mark , who 's on he stomach , flatten and splay - grapple for a hold . Mark glance up to see : the USA wrestling man watching from near the door . Mark look away , gritting he tooth , but Dave 's get he hold . as Dave turn and slam the bigger Mark - CUT to : int . dave' car / outside mark apartment - evening Mark look out the window . silence . they sit there , both bruise and bloody . MARK sorry about you nose . dave no , you be not . ( beat ) come by the house , have dinner with I and nance and the kid . Mark 's still look out the window . he speak quietly - MARK you win a gold medal for they . and still . nothing . no respect . he reach for the door handle . dave hey . gimme a hug . Dave reach for he arm , and Mark fold automatically into he older brother , put he head on he chest . Dave embrace he for several long moment - it 's like a father and he young child . then Dave smack he on the back of the neck . dave ( cont 'd ) same time tomorrow . 12 . Mark nod , get out of the car and walk away . CUT to : int . mark apartment - evening Mark press play on he answer machine . hang-up and dial tone . CUT to : int . mark apartment / bathroom - moment later Mark examine he bruise face in the mirror , wiping away blood - some of it he , some he brother 's . CUT to : int . mark apartment - later Mark 's at the refrigerator , crack ice cube trays into a plastic 7 - 11 shopping bag . the phone ring . he pick up -- MARK ( on phone ) yah . a man 's voice be hear . it sound like long distance . man ( over phone ) May I please speak with Mr. Mark schultz ? MARK ( on phone ) it 's Mark . man ( over phone ) I be sorry to call you at night , but Mr. du pont be anxious that I get in touch with you . MARK ( on phone ) okay ... man ( on phone ) he ask that you please consider take a day off from you training to come out to foxcatcher Farms so you man can meet face to face . MARK ( on phone ) who do you work for again ? 13 . man ( on phone ) John E. du pont of the du pont family of newtown Square , Pennsylvania . ( beat ) you may also know of he in connection with he support of the villanova wrestle program . MARK ( on phone ) ( he doesn 't ) what do he want to talk about ? man ( on phone ) Mr. du pont request that I contact you to set up a meeting . he would like to bring you out to Pennsylvania . MARK ( on phone ) uh-huh . man ( on phone ) if I may I would like to make travel arrangement for you , Mr. schultz . Mark 's hold the ice cube tray , alone in he dingy kitchen . man ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) Mr. schultz ? CUT to : int . phl airport / arrival gate - day brandon ( 20 , post - prep school , jacket / tie ) wait for Mark . brandon Mr. schultz , I be brandon . welcome to Philadelphia . CUT to : int . helicopter ( airborne ) - day Mark watch out the clear plexi as the Pennsylvania countryside spread out below he . he and brandon and the pilot ( larry - 5as , aviator glass , Air cavalry patch on he jacket ) all wear radio mic headset . 14 . brandon ( on radio mic ) Mr. du pont would have fly you himself , but he be ask at the last minute for tactical assistance by the newtown Square Police Department . Mark have no idea what that mean , but nod he head . brandon ( on radio mic ) ( cont 'd ) he should be back at the estate by the time we get there . Larry bank the plane steeply on Mark 's side so Mark have a unobstructed view of the ground . larry ( on radio mic ) Valley Forge below you . they speed over the historic site - wide field , the memorial arch , wood fence , the old stone house . brandon ( on radio mic ) the du pont family 's supply american armed force with gunpowder since the beginning . ( as Larry head south ) foxcatcher in three minute . CUT to : I /e. helicopter ( airborne ) / foxcatcher estate - minute later a mare and foal run away as the helicopter descend toward the Big House - a huge georgian brick home in the middle of 800 acre of field and wood and outbuilding . CUT to : int . hallway / big house - day brandon lead Mark down a carpete hallway . CUT to : int . library / big house - day they enter . it 's at once grandly elegant and musty . 15 . brandon feel free to look around the library . Mr. du pont will be up shortly . shut the door behind he . Mark 's never be in a room like this - oil painting of du pont ancestor ; foxhound , horse , hunt . leather - bound book share space with frame old stamp and antique ( and not so antique ) pistol . frame photo of the same man ( JOHN du pont - 50 , thin , beak - nose , blond - grey hair ) with president Ford , Nixon , Reagan ... Henry kissinger . Mark 's stand , gaze at the photo , when the door open , revealing JOHN du pont , a police - issue holster dangle from one hand . he stop and breathlessly regards Mark . du pont you be actually here . MARK oh. yes , sir . du pont in my study . MARK ( no idea what to say ) they say it be the library . du pont it be . du pont put the holster onto a chair . hold out he hand . du pont ( cont 'd ) John du pont. MARK Mark sch -- du pont - I know who you be - I have watch you Olympic victory enough time to know exactly who you be , every inch of you . please , put you bag down , make yourself comfortable , sit , make yourself at home - ( you quickly realize that du pont can be voluble and charming , but the more time you spend with he , the more you see what a effort this be for he - how essentially uncomfortable he be in he own skin .... also , he just might have snort a tiny bit of coke before he come in . ) 16 . Mark sit . du pont settles in , sit face he - focus entirely on Mark . he speak intimately , sincerely du pont ( cont 'd ) I watch the video of you Olympic run again last night . after you break the arm of the Turk - after they disqualified you , hand you a loss - after they put a extra official on you to watch you hold - all of which be legal - after all that you rack up seven straight win to take the medal . for you country . thrill . thrill . inspiring . take the gold medal . Mark can not recall when he 's receive this kind of attention . MARK thank you , sir . I be proud of that day . du pont you should be . I be proud of that day . I be proud of you on that day . you parent must be enormously proud . MARK ( after a moment ) to be perfectly honest , we do not often talk . du pont nod , hope Mark might say more . when he do not - du pont I want to tell you how much I appreciate you come here . I know it cut into you training . I imagine that 's every day for you ? MARK yes sir , it be . du pont strength training in the morning ? Upper body regimen - muscle tone - building up the muscle tone - across the upper body . in the morning ? 17 . MARK oh. well . I take the morning on my own - as you say , strength training , endurance - then I meet up with my brother - you know Dave schultz - ? du pont of course , of course , yes , I know he . I mean , not personally , but yes , of course , I do know he . MARK - I meet up with he at the U - W gym , we work out whatever free time we can grab between team practice . du pont University of Wisconsin . MARK yes sir . du pont where you both coach . Mark nods vaguely . du pont ( cont 'd ) and they provide you with everything you need ? beat . MARK pretty much . a moment as du pont watch Mark . du pont I would like to see you win this upcoming tournament - MARK - thank you - du pont - I would like to help you win this upcoming tournament . it 's a big one , yes ? MARK it 's the world championship . 18 . du pont nod . du pont why do you do it , Mark ? Mark just look at he , unsure what he 's be ask . du pont ( cont 'd ) why ? MARK ( simply no other reason ) I want to be the best in the world . du pont I want you to be the best in the world . I want this country to be the best in the world . ( then ) May I speak frankly ? Mark nod ... of course . du pont ( cont 'd ) I be concerned . I be concerned by what I see in this unite States . athlete labor to bring honor to America , and America fail to honor that labor . fail to honor it and fail to support it . Mark 's stare at du pont intently . du pont ( cont 'd ) when do you win you first match ? MARK I start kind of late - high school sophomore . du pont wait , listen ... MARK ( cont 'd ) I be ... well , truthfully , I be ... kind of lose . and I get into it `cause my brother be wrestle . he convinced I to give it a try . I never tell he this , but I be scared of lose in front of he . so of course my first match I get put up against a kid two year older . Dave be help coach from my corner ... and at the end , when the ref raise my hand ... ( more ) 19 . MARK ( cont 'd ) there be my brother , he be run towards I - scream - laugh - he lift I up -- Mark stop - face flushed - try to stop himself from get choked up . after a few moment , he speak quietly : MARK ( cont 'd ) it 's always be he sport . he let I inside . I be just lucky to be very very good at it . du pont you win that match . not he . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate - day du pont and Mark walk the last few step of a huge lawn up to a old field house in the final stage of renovation . du pont open the door . they walk into a gleam new gym . CUT to : int . foxcatcher gym - continuous four pristine wrestling mat be spread out on the floor . through a doorway on the far end we can glimpse a weight room with new nautilus and stationary bike and free weight . du pont the U.S. Olympic Committee refuse to recognize that training for international competition be a full time job . why be that ? why be that ? ( look at Mark ) I want you all to have a home . CUT to : ext . valley forge - late afternoon various shot of the vast historic site - monument and fence and stone house headquarters . du pont ( v.o . ) I wish every american could come here and see for themselves . see the price of freedom . it 's not free at all . 20 . Mark stand next to John on a ridge over the cemetery field . du pont 's front leg be poise on a large rock , as if he 's a General surveying all that have be conquer . his black Ford mercury be park nearby . du pont the sacrifice of the troops that first long winter remind I of what you athlete go through . silence as they look out over the national park . du pont ( cont 'd ) I be gratify my family could play a small part in the history here . then du pont speak , as much to Mark as to himself - du pont ( cont 'd ) we can not choose the family we be bear to . but we can make we own . ( beat ) I can not think of anyone I would rather build a team with . ( turn to Mark ) you name you price . CUT to : ext . phl airport - establishing / day a plane take off on the runway . CUT to : int . phl airport / bathroom - day close up on Mark 's face , look at himself in the mirror . study he own face . then he erupt in a primal scream . CUT to : ext . pine tree - day close up on the face of a six - year old boy , crying - terrify . alexander , Dave 's son . he 's mid- way up a tall pine tree and scared to go any higher . Dave be a couple of branch above he . he look down at Alexander , patiently wait for the boy to stop cry . finally , alex stop . 21 . dave you ready ? beat . the boy nod . they climb higher . CUT to : I /e. taxi / madison / dave' STREET - day Mark ride in the back of a cab . as he near Dave 's house , we see Nancy tapping a beer keg in the side yard . Dave and Alex sit in the top of the tree , watch Mark arrive . CUT to : ext . dave' house - later / day lot of U of W wrestler , coaches , wife , girlfriend , kid . Dave 's at the bbq , carve a huge roast on a spit with a long carving knife . Mark 's talk to he - MARK 25 thousand a year . he say name you price and I say the high price that come into my head . we would get to hand - pick we own team , wrestler we want to work with - dave who you gonna train with ? MARK no - I mean ... when I say we , I mean - you and I ... could choose a team . together . dave what do du pont get out of it ? MARK as soon as you meet he you ' will understand . he see what we be after . he care about America - old family , basically pay for the Revolutionary War - he get it . he want to help we win , help restore we pride . dave my pride be fine . 22 . MARK no , not .... this country 's pride . Dave just look at he , silent . MARK ( cont 'd ) Dave - this be it . this be what we have want we whole life - just to train - you and I - not to have to deal with USA wrestling , or harper and he corrupt university program - not to have to think about anybody else ... Nancy have wander over , danielle on she hip . nancy - what be you guy talk about ? MARK I be speak to my brother , that okay with you ? Nancy and Dave share a glance . then Nancy turn to walk away . nancy always good to see you , Mark . ( as she walk away ) please , eat we food , shit on we lawn . enjoy yourself ... the brother be silent for a long moment until she 's go . MARK why do she ... he trail off . then , a bit desperate - MARK ( cont 'd ) the deer hunt on he farm 's suppose to be amazing ... Dave speak gently . dave I get a good thing go here . I get a contract . Nancy 's happy , Alex like he school ... the reality start to hit Mark that he may be do this alone , without he older brother . he 's shell - shocked . MARK the world be sixty day away . 23 . dave tell I you plan . who you gonna train with ? MARK ( lost ) du pont 's take he money out of the villanova program . they will pull the plug on that . so. Dan bane could come . I - I guess Dan bane . ( beat , then , very quietly ) I do not know how to do this without you . dave do what ? the answer be " everything " -- but Mark just shake he head . dave ( cont 'd ) it sound like a opportunity . MARK do it ? dave I think you could make something of it . MARK do you ? ( dave nods ) a spot 's always open for you if you decide to come . dave thank you . Dave step forward and hold out he arm - dave ( cont 'd ) congrat , little brother . Mark step into he brother 's arm , fold into he , head on he chest , hold on for dear life . Nancy look over . CUT to : 24 . I /e. mark apartment - morning Mark pack he apartment - trash just about everything , toss it in the dumpster - stuff the few essential in he amc gremlin . CUT to : ext . drive - day Mark drive across Ohio . CUT to : ext . filling station - day Mark get gas . the attendant - clearly a high school wrestler - shake he hand . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate - day Mark pull onto the estate grounds . CUT to : ext . front door / big house - day Mark ring the doorbell . no answer . he go to ring it again and the door be open by a uniformed maid . MARK hi. I be Mark schultz . silence . that mean nothing to she . MARK ( cont 'd ) I be here to see John du pont ? uniformed maid be Mr. du pont expect you ? MARK yeah . well - not today exactly , but , yes . this week . sometime . uniformed maid just a moment , please . 25 . MARK in the meantime can I use the - she shut the door , leave he outside . he turn and look out over the vast lawn of the estate . Far off , it 's be mow by a gardener . uniformed maid ( open the door ) please . CUT to : int . big house / foxcatcher - continuous they walk just a few foot and she gesture toward a door . MARK ( confuse ) be he ? he 's in there ? uniformed maid the washroom . CUT to : int . rococo washroom / big house - moment later floral wallpaper , gold fixture and faucet . Mark piss - mouth open , eye half shut . he flush . he look at a dish hold little pastel horseshoe . soap ? he pick one up , smell it . wash he hand - monstrous with the tiny soap . he wipe he hand on he pants , avoid the neatly hang towelettes . he open the door . uniformed maid Mr. beck will see you now . Mark do not know who Mr. beck be . CUT to : int . stan beck's office / big house - minute later Mark be let into a large third floor office with a big desk , wood filing cabinet , law book lining the bookshelve . stan beck ( mid-forty , no -nonsense , suit and tie ) rise from behind the desk as Mark enter . 26 . stan beck come in , sit down . MARK thanks . stan beck thank you , rosie . uniformed maid you be welcome , Mr. beck . she exit , close the door behind she . stan beck okay . okay . so. Mark schultz , correct ? MARK yes . stan beck ( open a folder , write ) s-c-h-u-l-t-z ? MARK that 's right . stan beck ... m-a-r -k ? Mark just look at he . beat . then he nod . stan beck ( cont 'd ) all right . Mark . I manage affair for Mr. du pont. look after he interest . if you have a problem , you come to I . if Mr. du pont have a problem , I will come to you . okay ? MARK sound okay . stan beck let 's talk about what you be do here . I would like to make sure we all understand each other . do that sound like a good policy to you ? MARK that could be a good policy . 27 . stan beck good . I think so , too . first thing I can tell you be that Mr. du pont be very happy he can help you with you goal . but I want to make sure you be aware of what 's expect . it 's not a free ride . in exchange for the guest house , the more than substantial salary , the privilege of training at foxcatcher Farms , Mr. du pont expect result . understood ? MARK yes . stan beck I be sure you can appreciate that . MARK of course . stan beck that go for every wrestler . MARK I have actually get suggestion for about half the roster . he pull a crease , fold piece of paper from he pocket . stan beck what about the other half ? MARK ( beat ) I have be make phone call . stan beck I will take a look at that when you have finish . all right . now . Stan take out a form , write on it as Mark put away list . stan beck ( cont 'd ) you age ? MARK twenty -seven . stan beck Education ? 28 . MARK Oklahoma University . stan beck undergraduate ? MARK yes . stan beck you graduate ? MARK yes . stan beck do you own any property ? MARK no . stan beck be you parent still marry ? MARK ( beat ) no . stan beck how old be you when they separate ? MARK two . stan beck have you ever be accuse of a crime ? MARK no . the door open and John du pont poke he head in . Mark stand , relieved to see he finally -- MARK ( cont 'd ) Mr. du pont. du pont seem surprised to see Mark . he stay in the doorway , wave slightly . du pont ah. hello . you have arrive . 29 . MARK yes sir , I drive straight down . it 's a little odd that du pont do not enter - he seem nervous . he look at Stan . Stan hand he a sheet of paper . stan tonight 's speech . all set . John take the paper and glance at it . then - du pont they be set he up in the chalet ? stan beck yes , sir . du pont excellent bed . firm mattress . ( silence ) good for the lower back . MARK great . du pont all right . MARK all right . thank you , sir . and du pont 's go , close the door behind he . beat . stan beck shall we finish this ? Mark sit . stan beck ( cont 'd ) have you ever be sue ? MARK no . stan beck have you ever initiate a lawsuit ? CUT to : 30 . ext . foxcatcher estate - afternoon brandon walk with Mark . they have come far , across the huge side yard - the Big House look small behind they . Mark can see horse stable that let out onto a huge fence track with a grass infield . stable hand be put several thoroughbre horse through they pace . brandon ( be the horse ) they're Mrs. du pont 's . we all just keep we distance . they enter the wood . just inside the tree be the chalet - a european style wooden guest house that be now Mark 's home . MARK I do not realize he be marry . brandon Mr. du pont ? he 's not . Mrs. du pont 's he mother . CUT to : int . the chalet - afternoon brandon let Mark in the door , turn on the light in the live room , in the kitchen , go to the bedroom . it 's decorate like a ski chalet . brandon walk back from the bedroom , hold keys out to Mark - brandon utility be pay for - gas , electric . refrigerator 's stock for now , but in the future you be responsible for feed yourself . unless of course you get invite to the Big House for dinner . Mark , still stand in the entry - way , accept the key . brandon ( cont 'd ) someone will bring you car around . anything else you need ? MARK have he always live with he mother ? brandon Mr. du pont ? I think so . 31 . brandon leave . Mark stand still for a long time , gaze at he new home - include some of the oddity , like the polar bear skin rug ( with head on ) which be drape over the sofa . CUT to : int . the chalet - late that night Mark ( in tank - top undershirt ) tape up photo of himself and Dave . the polar bear head on the rug gaze blankly at he . a knock on the live room window . it 's John du pont , who point toward the front door . ext . porch / the chalet - continuous / late night Mark open the door . John 's stand on the little porch , wear a tux , hold a book and a SMALL BOX . MARK Mr. du pont , I want to thank you for - du pont hold up a finger . Mark stop . du pont whisper - du pont you hear that ? Mark listen , shake he head . du pont hold up he finger again - and then we hear it : a faint hooting from the wood . du pont ( cont 'd ) bar owl - he hand Mark the small box he 's hold . Inside be a very small set of binoculars . du pont ( cont 'd ) when you spot one , you will see with each hoot there 's a white flash in he collar . his throat swell , and he reveal to you the lighter feather he keep hide underneath . he hand Mark the book : " South Pacific bird " by John eleuthere du pont . du pont ( cont 'd ) it 's from ten year ago , but I think you might find it interesting . 32 . MARK you write this ? du pont I do . Mark seem genuinely touch and impressed . MARK thank you . do you want to come in ? du pont no no - MARK - the fridge be full - you probably know better than I what 's in there - du pont - no . you need you rest . you need to get start bright and early . du pont hold up he own set of binocular . du pont ( cont 'd ) - I have a wonderful night a few year back when I spot all eight Northeast species . right here on the farm . ( then ) what do we have - two month to the world ? MARK not even . 54 day . du pont 54 day . ( beat ) we will get it do . on the two man stand in the porch light . prelap the sound of pounding feet , get louder and louder - CUT to : int . foxcatcher gym - several week later / day close on : wrestling shoe run fast in place on the gym mat . there be six sets of foot in a wide circle . team foxcatcher be beginning to come together . 33. MARK Drop ! all six wrestler , Mark include , drop to the mat for 10 fast push -up and sit-up . the wrestler be : roberto garcia , aka " gecko " ( 21 year old , 105 pound , latino , as fast a talker as he be a wrestler ) ; jim zerega - " jimmy Z " ( 24 , 114 lbs. , blond midwesterner ) ; matt popper ( 24 , 149 lbs. , East coast work class ) ; bruce springer ( 27 , also 149 lbs. , half asian ) ; MARK schultz ( 180 lb . ) ; and dan bane ( 30 , 198 lbs. , strong and low - key , intelligent , from the West , like Mark . ) the wrestler jump up - run in place incredibly fast . MARK ( cont 'd ) drop - jump CUT to : Garcia and Zerega sprint to the end of the mat and back . relay shuttle , each pair race , then the next pair . popper and springer have just run ( probably for the twentieth time ) - they be bent over , suck wind by the wall . du pont walk in . he wear a sweatsuit , have a whistle around he neck . he hover a slight distance away , observe , seem to want to be notice . Mark and Dan take off , racing , as Garcia beat Zerega - du pont stare at Garcia . as Dan and Mark race back , Dan notice du pont - dan hey , coach . du pont become at once a odd combination of a kid invite to join in and the actual boss and benefactor of this team . du pont Dan bane . how 's that hamstring ? dan come back . it 's come back . du pont good . good to hear . hamstring come back . 34 . MARK ( walk up to he ) Sir , you need I for something ? du pont no no . later . please . continue . MARK ( nod , turn back ) pair up . on the mat . up and down . popper , springer , let 's go . springer 's drag a bit , clearly wipe out . garcia spling loll - must lay off the pohk fly lice . springer ( exhausted ) suck I , gecko . ( as he come onto the mat ) and I be fuck filipino , dickhead . the six wrestler be pair and spread out on the mat - each pair in the up - down position . MARK go ! they all go to it - the top wrestler try to get a hold secure enough to turn the other - and the down wrestler splay on the mat , fend he off . du pont hover nearby , watch intently . we can sense he fascination - he admiration for this athlete . also , he jealousy - how desperately he would love to be part of this brotherhood .... he clap , like a coach would .... du pont ( awkward , not loud enough ) good . ( clap again ) good . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate - late afternoon Mark , freshly shower , walk across the yard from the field house gym to the Big House . CUT to : 35 . int . du pont' office / big house - late afternoon du pont 's pour himself a scotch and soda at the build - in wall bar . Mark 's in the sitting area of this large office , which give the unmistakable impression of have be inspire by the oval Office . ( we should sense that this be not the first of this meeting . ) du pont I can not get you anything at all ? MARK no , thank you . I be good . du pont in training . excellent . he come over and sit . he 's immediately hushed and serious . du pont ( cont 'd ) talk to I about Roberto Garcia . MARK gecko ? great wrestler . what do you want to know ? du pont sit there nodd . he 's mull something . du pont just a sense . keep you eye on he . let I know of anything suspicious . subversive . anti. MARK anti-what ? du pont anything at all . phone call . anything . MARK ( no idea what that mean ) I will . du pont stand and go over to a carve wooden eagle on top of one of the desk . du pont you see the artistry , the care , the craftsmanship that go into make this great american symbol ? you see the face hide among the feather ? ( MARK look ) right here . 36 . Mark look . he do not see it . but he nods anyway . du pont ( cont 'd ) we need to exert the same care in craft a world - class wrestle experience here at foxcatcher . ( MARK nods ) how're we do with Dave schultz ? MARK how do you mean ? du pont you be go to speak to he again . when 's he come ? MARK right. look. Dave 's ... he 's get a good situation go up in madison . he 's ... he do not want to uproot . the family . just at the moment . ( beat ) at the present time . du pont he be a world class competitor - a world class coach . we be building a world class team . he belong here . tell I what I have to offer he . MARK Mr. du pont , I do not ... you can not buy Dave . silence . du pont 's clearly not happy with this answer . MARK ( cont 'd ) I be not ... I do not realize you want he to coach . du pont wrestle and coach . we all coach each other . support each other . his tone suddenly turn bright and positive - du pont ( cont 'd ) let I ask you opinion - he go to the desk , where there be several large drawing of a propose foxcatcher logo : a red fox run . in some , the fox run one way , in some the other . Mark approach . 37 . du pont ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? right to leave , or leave to right ? silence as Mark examine the design intently . then , finally - MARK right to leave . du pont look at he , then back at the drawing . on the two of they - study , contemplate ... CUT to : ext . wood / foxcatcher - early morning Mark run hard through the wood - push himself - jump fall branch , sprinting up hill . he reach the edge of the wood and stop , bent over , breathe heavily . across the field , prize horse be lead out of the stable onto the grounds of the estate . Mark watch . a few wrestler ( Zerega , popper and Dan bane ) emerge from the wood behind Mark , run . Dan bane leave the other two . dan I will catch up with you all later . Zerega and popper jog off . Dan come to stand next to Mark , who have take he little pair of binoculars from the pocket of he sweat and be look through they . after a moment , he hand Dan the binocular . Dan look through they . MARK I be pretty sure that 's John 's mother . binoculars Pov : a very old woman stand in front of she wheelchair , with the help of a attendant . when the horse reach she , she touch they lovingly , tenderly stroking they face , feed they treat from she hand . she 's completely at home with this animal , as they be with she . CUT to : int . wrestling arena / clermont-ferrand , FRANCE - day Dave schultz slam he opponent to the mat . he 's in team USA uniform , and he 's dominate . 38 . du pont watch from the stand , transfix . then he glance over at : Mark . off to the side , watch he brother wrestle . whether he 's fascinate , jealous , root - we can not tell . CUT to : int . wrestling arena / clermont-ferrand - later / day Mark wrestle like a animal - aggressive , forceful and fast . Dave 's in Mark 's corner , coach - focus , intense , and very tough on Mark - shouting instruction . on du pont , watch from the stand ... CUT to : int . dave' HOTEL room - evening loud . the tv be on . a few team USA wrestler watch the french Sports tv wrap - up of the day 's match . danielle jump on the bed near the window , with Nancy watch she . danielle one ... twois ... quatro ! Nancy laugh . Dave wrestle with Alexander on the other bed . CUT to : int . hallway outside dave' room - same time du pont and Mark be outside the door . Mark hold a videotape . he knock . no answer . CUT to : int . dave' HOTEL room - same time Dave wrestle with Alex on the bed . dave ... fireman 's carry ... to a half - nelson ... to a chicken wing ... wait ! a chicken wing ? he start to gobble up Alex 's arm , who shriek in delight . CUT to : 39 . int . hallway outside dave' room - same time Mark knock again . we hear Nancy 's voice yell from inside : " it 's open ! " Mark open the door . int . dave' HOTEL room - continuous noisy , chaotic . the wrestler glance over " hey , Mark " " what 's up " .... Mark 's focus on Dave , who wrestle with Alex - MARK Dave . dave - a scramble - egg !... a feather - pluck !... Dave 's pluck Alex and Alex be crack up . MARK Dave . dave hey , Mark -- MARK come meet Mr. du pont. Dave sweep up Alex and throw he over he shoulder , carry he to the door . he shake du pont 's hand . dave hi. Dave schultz . du pont John du pont . it 's a pleasure to meet you in person finally . MARK ( to dave ) I tell he how excited you be to meet he . dave this be Alex , that 's my wife , Nancy , we daughter danielle . ( to nancy ) hey , nance . John du pont. Nancy wave from over near the window - nancy hey . 40 . du pont hello . dave come on in . can I get you a drink - du pont no no . dave you sure - ? du pont thank you . no . I need to be get back . but , do not worry - we will make a foxcatcher out of you yet . ( he laugh awkwardly ) until tomorrow . and he 's gone . beat . Dave shrug . dave well , I know what I need . MARK what ? dave Turkey drumstick ! he throw Alex on the bed and jump on he . Alex squeal . Mark head for the tv across the room . pop in he video . MARK Dave , check out the tape I have on nanev - dave ( still wrestling ) yeah - MARK I want to show you this downblock - dave cue it up . as the tape cue up , Mark glance at Nancy . MARK too difficult to come say hello to Mr. du pont ? 41 . nancy I say hello . ( light a cigarette ) I be watch my kid . MARK it 's John du pont . one of the most generous man in America . he 's gonna save USA wrestling . ( re. cigarette ) can you not do that in here ? nancy do what ? MARK smoke . nancy smoke ? MARK I wrestle tomorrow . nancy it 's my room , Mark . you do not have to be here . MARK I be try to get advice from my brother , get ready for the final - nancy go get ready - MARK you start smoking - ? nancy you can leave . go to you own room - MARK - you kid be in here - she blows smoke at he . MARK ( cont 'd ) what the hell be that ? dave Mark . calm down . MARK I be not the one frigging smoking . 42 . dave the window 's open . relax . show I what you want I to look at . Mark look around the room . at Alexander giggle on the bed , at danielle bounce , Nancy blowing smoke ring . it 's all too much . he pull out the videotape and walk out the door . CUT to : int . arena / clermont-ferrand - day various shot : final match in progress , intense and brutal . CUT to : int . locker room - same time Mark sit , alone , head in he hand . CUT to : int . arena / clermont-ferrand - same time face in the crowd watch ; strain face of the wrestler . Mark schultz and Alexander nanev 's name be put up on the board . final à 82 kilo ... CUT to : int . locker room - same time du pont enter . Mark 's alone on a corner bench , freeze , head in he hand . silence . du pont be stiff , but gentle . du pont I think you be up . silence . du pont go over to he , unsure what to do . uncomfortable , he put he hand on Mark 's shoulder . du pont ( cont 'd ) Mark . Dave just win . it 's you turn . Mark 's body start to shake . then , very quietly : MARK I do not want to let you down . 43. this be the first time anyone have say anything like this to du pont . he have no idea how to respond . he woodenly pat Mark 's shoulder , then take he hand back . du pont I can not .... I have watch you this past month ... ( long beat , then quietly ) I can not imagine be let down by you . Mark stop shaking . du pont stand patiently beside he . CUT to : int . arena / clermont-ferrand - moment later camera' tight on Mark as he enter the arena . Mark walk directly onto the mat , straight to the center , face off with the bulgarian , nanev . camera stay tight on Mark look directly at nanev , as the ref check each of they . whistle . the match begin . intense and rough . neither able to gain a edge . Dave coaches from Mark 's corner . CUT to : in between period . Mark sit as Dave fan he with a towel , shouting instruction . Mark glance behind he : du pont watch from the stand . CUT to : Mark and nanev wrestle the final second - Mark ahead by a point . nanev try desperately to turn Mark , to gain any advantage . the whistle blow . the ref take each of they hand . he raise mark . he turn they around , raise Mark 's hand again . Mark do a back flip . he trot over to the oppose coach , shake he hand . he trot to he corner where Dave - beam , he arm open wide - embrace he . Mark hug he brother quickly , then turn to look out into the stand . he spot du pont , who 's come down the step toward the platform . Mark walk toward he . the enormity of what he 's just accomplish start to hit Mark . his face be red . he reach du pont , and from a step below he , throws he arm around he , cling to he . Mark start to sob . du pont hold he as he look out toward the wrestle mat , where Dave watch . 44 . prelap SOUND : the beginning " aaaaah 's " of David bowie 's " let' dance " . CUT to : int . trophy room / big house - night " let' dance " blast from the stereo . team foxcatcher wrestler be huddle in a circle in the Trophy room - shouting the " aaaaaaah 's " along with the thin white duke . each hold a bottle of champagne , shaking it up as they sing . when the chord kick in , they pop there cork - spraying champagne on each other , shouting wildly . then they all chug the rest of they bottle . du pont be dance around outside the circle , do he best euro-electronica move , and drink from he bottle ( and it 's not he first ) . the wrestler dance . when du pont finish he bottle - du pont let 's clear it out ! he gesture toward the center section of the enormous trophy case - the entirety of which be fill with horse - jump and fox -hunt medal , ribbon and plaque . some of the wrestler open the glass door and start take down what 's in there . a few of the other open more liquor ... du pont ( cont 'd ) oh , yes ! springer you sure about this ? du pont mother 's idea of sport be riding a horse that 's chase a dog that 's chase a fox . I do not share she affection for horseflesh - the center case be clear out . du pont ( cont 'd ) put `em up , boy ! they hang they wrestle medal , place in trophy and other award - leave the top few hook empty . wrestler ( chanting together ) Mark ! Mark ! Mark ! Mark !... 45 . Mark hang he olympic and world cup gold on the top hook . wrestler ( cont 'd ) U.S.A ! U.S.A ! U.S.A !... du pont raise he bottle to Mark - du pont you have bring honor to team foxcatcher . he start to walk toward he . du pont ( cont 'd ) you have bring honor to - he slip on the wet floor and he foot fly up in front of he , landing he flat on he back . silence . du pont 's lie there , shaking - be he cry ? no one know what exactly to do . Dan bane approach he . dan you all right , coach ? du pont start laughing out loud . hugely relieved , Dan hold he hand out to he to help he up . du pont take Dan 's hand and promptly pull he to the ground ... and ... jump on he back - wrestling with he . the wrestler , include Mark , go crazy , cheering he on . Dan let du pont get the best of he ... let du pont pin he . the wrestler be cheer madly as du pont stand with he arm raise . he make as if he 's about to do a back flip ( like Mark ) , then sit and do a clumsy backwards somersault . Wild cheer . du pont more drink ! he 's on he knee , fist in the air , head throw back - totally exultant ... prelap sound of a gunshot - CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate - next morning various shot : the american flag be raise ; a hawk soar above the tree ; Jean du pont brush the horse in the barn . 46 . camera pick up wrestler run off they hangover - Zerega , popper , springer , Mark . they pick up speed as the camera stay with they . we hear more gunshot as they run through the grounds - the shot get louder and louder . the wrestler run somewhat near the firing range , where several member of the newtown police department , in uniform , be shoot target practice with du pont . du pont wear a " team foxcatcher " zip sweatjacket - with he honorary police badge pin to one breast . on the other breast be sewn the word : " head coach " , and JOHN " eagle " du pont . he 's about to shoot when the wrestler pass by - wrestler ( except MARK ) johnny d! bossman !... du pont , still hold he pistol , turn to watch they run past . his expression seem oddly , entirely blank . CUT to : int . foxcatcher gym / weight room - day a few wrestler lift weight - the other be hang out , rest , talk . du pont wander in , he target practice pistol dangle from the crook of he arm . a few guy notice he , greet he casually , go back to what they be do . du pont fire a bullet through the roof . silence . du pont 321 day to Seoul , gentleman . 321 day . let 's get to work . he gesture for Mark to join he . du pont ( cont 'd ) come talk to I . CUT to : int . du pont' office - day close on : a check for $ 10,000.00 make out to Mark schultz . MARK ( o.s. ) you do not have to do this . John sit at he desk , pistol stick in he waistband . Mark , sweaty , stand across the desk from he , hold the check . 47 . du pont America do not respect you . do not place any value on you at all . I reward accomplishment . MARK thank you , coach . du pont please . call I John . or coach . whichever you prefer . maybe Eagle . or coach . Eagle be good . ( then ) how're we do with Dave ? Mark carefully fold the check , avoid du pont 's gaze . du pont ( cont 'd ) you speak to he again at the world . MARK yes . yes , I do . I ... ( beat ) it 's not gonna happen . he get offer a contract extension at Wisconsin , team USA want he to train Olympic wrestler next summer , he - it 's not gonna happen . John be clearly unhappy with this answer . he remove the gun from he waistband , place it on the desk . du pont do you believe in this team ? MARK of course I - du pont - do you believe we deserve this country 's best talent ? MARK I do - du pont - I pay for result not only on the mat , but in recruiting the best of the best to foxcatcher Farms . that 's part of you job . silence . Mark look shame by this . 48 . du pont ( cont 'd ) it 's probably best . Dave intimidate you . you do not believe you can ever do better than you brother . Glass ceiling . impossible for you to break through . it look like perhaps Mark believe this as well . MARK ( tentative ) do you think that 's true ? because ... all this year - du pont stand suddenly - du pont - well . you be the public face of foxcatcher . MARK if that 's what - du pont - what do you know about Masters League wrestle tournament ? MARK uh - well - not all that much - du pont - because I be think of enter one . beat . Mark nod - MARK okay ... CUT to : close on : videotape image of Mark at the 1984 Olympic , he hand be raise by the ref ... Mark raise both hand in the air , glance slightly down , then out at the crowd ... the image freeze , be rewound , play again . at the moment Mark raise he arm and glance down , the image freeze . photographer ( o.c . ) this be the one . CUT to : 49 . int . dine room / big house - continuous / day the furniture have be push to the wall in the huge formal dining room , and a large white scrim have be erect at one end . a fashion photographer who could double as a member of devo , stand at a video monitor with du pont . photographer he wear the singlet - du pont - and the gold medal - photographer - and , of course , the gold medal . and a lot of oil . Mark 's in a dress area wear he foxcatcher singlet and Olympic gold . two assistant stuff he crotch with a bit of pad . photographer ( cont 'd ) a lot of oil . please . more oil . it define the musculature . Mark walk to he spot in front of the scrim . the two assistant slather baby oil on he arm and chest and leg as the photographer show he the pose on the monitor . photographer ( cont 'd ) you be win the gold medal . you be raise you arm in triumph . you be also feel humility . du pont be hang back , but stare intensely at Mark . Mark look over to he . MARK you good with this ? du pont it 's wonderful . it 's exactly what I need from you . the photographer take he place behind the camera as the assistant finish with the baby oil and clear away . photographer good ! now. Mark . you be win the gold medal ! and you be humble ! Mark raise he arm and glance down . flash . flash . 50 . photographer ( cont 'd ) good ! and again ! jump to : du pont , in he foxcatcher sweatsuit , be now in front of the scrim with Mark ( still in he singlet . ) Mark start to hug du pont for a photo - du pont I think you be below I by a couple of step when you hugge I at the world . photographer it 's true . du pont maybe if you kneele . MARK kneel now ? on the floor . ( unsure ) really ? it will not look ... du pont no. no . you should kneel . Mark kneel in front of du pont. hug he . flash . flash . du pont ( cont 'd ) I think you be cry . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher lawn - twilight Mark and John , wear tuxedos , board a large helicopter . it 's cold out . CUT to : int . helicopter ( airborne ) - evening Mark and John be fly southwest toward Washington DC by Larry the pilot . John take a fold piece of paper from he jacket pocket , hand it to Mark . du pont brandon and I prepare some remark . 51 . Mark take the paper and read it over . he look worried . du pont ( cont 'd ) do not be nervous . you will do great . Mark 's not so sure . then he hear a sniff . he look over at du pont : he 's get a cocaine bullet in one nostril . du pont inhale , then offer the bullet to Mark . Mark 's freeze - du pont ( cont 'd ) what ? you have never do this ? ( Mark shake he head ) it help put everything in perspective . trust I .... Mark . it 's just cocaine . trust I . Mark take the coke bullet , examine it for several moment , then hold it to one nostril . he inhales . du pont ( cont 'd ) Nice . you bring the medal ? ( MARK nods ) good . try the speech . MARK read it ? du pont read the speech . MARK ( reading ) John Eagle du pont , highly respected ornithologist , author , world explorer , phil ... phila ... du pont philatelist . the helicopter near the lit up city of WASHINGTON D.C. CUT to : int . hilton HOTEL , DC / cocktail area - night large sign on a easel by the entrance read : " citizen ' defense of patriot fund - 1st annual gala and auction " . load of tuxedoe Republicans and they wife or mistress mill about . small talk , hearty laughter , award of defense contract , gallon of martinis . CUT to : 52 . int . hilton HOTEL , DC / cocktail area - later / night du pont ( o.c . ) that 's the one ! that 's the one I need ! a finger be jabbing at a military photograph of a m-113 armore personnel carrier ( apc ) . we be in a corner of the reception . du pont stand with Steve Graham , look at a set of photo . Mark 's nearby , chew vigorously on a straw . steve in that case , the Grand Old Party want to help find you one . Graham call over to the 3 - star general in full dress uniform who 's chew on a cigar and drink gin with a Senator . steve ( cont 'd ) General , any of this model available ? general which ? we might have a couple of that leave on the lot . ( to du pont ) you gonna need financing ? everyone laugh . du pont smile . du pont what I need be the gun turret . do not send I one without that MK - 19 mount on top . general uh ... I do not know there , son . civilian do not usually get 40 mm blowback grenade launcher . steve General , John du pont be hardly you usual civilian . the General turn back to the Senator , grumble - general be I suppose to get he a 12 - pack of live fuck grenade , too ? CUT to : 53. int . hilton HOTEL , DC / banquet hall - night Mark 's on stage , at the podium , reading from he brandon - prepare remark with - shall we say - some vigor ... MARK ... highly respected ornithologist , author , world explorer , phil ... phila ... du pont watch from the wing , whisper : du pont philatelist . Mark look over at he blankly - he have no idea what du pont just say . du pont ( cont 'd ) philatelist . ( Mark just look at he ) philat -- ( giving up ) stamp collector . MARK stamp collector , and former pentathlete . Jean , in the audience , in she wheelchair , almost imperceptibly shake she head . MARK ( cont 'd ) Mr. du pont will be make he return to competitive sport in the over - 50 category at the Masters ' League du pont wrestling invitational in Phoenix , Arizona this March . scatter applause , though no one have any idea what he 's talk about . du pont watch from the wing . Mark read . MARK ( cont 'd ) I be so proud to introduce my mentor . he have the ability to look at I and see where I be in life . he know how to motivate I . I feel he love for I as a athlete and as a human be . my mother and father be divorced when I be two year old . I spend a lifetime look for a father ... ( more ) 54 . MARK ( cont 'd ) and I find one in the Golden , uh ... the gold Eagle of America - John du pont. applause as du pont stride onstage , hug Mark . du pont turn , beam ( and a little hop - up ) to the audience - du pont Mark schultz . thank you , son . ( wave to Jean in audience ) hello , mother . ( to they all ) the gold medal Mark win in 1984 be tarnish . tarnish by Jimmy Carter . tarnish by the unpatriotic act of that democrat administration . he cause the entire Eastern bloc to boycott we Los Angeles Games . Mark will have a opportunity to shine up that medal at the World championship in just a few short week . to prove he worth in front of the assemble nation of the globe ... CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate - establishing / late afternoon some time have pass . light be on in the window of the field House gym . CUT to : int . foxcatcher gym - late afternoon Mark kneel on the mat with du pont , hold he in the start position . Mark be talk du pont through the move for a escape . we get the sense that this be not the first of this lesson . MARK ready ? go. du pont clumsily attempt the escape . Mark be incredibly gentle with he , even tender , ease he through the move . 55 . MARK ( cont 'd ) okay . let 's try it again . CUT to : int . the chalet - night Mark 's hair be now CUT short and bleached white . he 's in short - no shirt - on the phone . he 's sip a beer , walk around the live room - MARK ( on phone ) yeah . I be good . yeah .... all good . intercut with Dave in the U of W gym office , look out over a wrestle team night practice . dave ( on phone ) you work hard ? MARK ( on phone ) yeah . no , I be kind of give myself a bit of a break right now . I will ramp it up again as the trial come closer . dave ( on phone ) all right . how close ? there a knock on Mark 's window . Mark look over and see du pont stand outside , a eager look on he face . he beckon to Mark and move two finger as if cut he own hair . MARK ( to du pont ) just a sec ... dave ( on phone ) what 's that ? MARK ( on phone ) no , I be not - listen , I gotta run - dave ( on phone ) what be you do ? MARK ( on phone ) I just - I gotta run . dave ( on phone ) ( beat ) okay . call I soon . 56 . MARK ( on phone ) I will - dave ( on phone ) - you be a tough man to track down - MARK ( on phone ) - yeah , well - dave ( on phone ) - call I - MARK ( on phone ) - I will . I gotta roll - CUT to : ext . veranda / big house - night bowie 's " China girl " plays through outdoor speaker . Mark crop du pont 's hair with a electric clipper . it 's unseasonably warm out - Mark 's in short and flip flop . both man be drink from bottle of champagne . du pont 's drunk enough that he defense be down . a vanity table be on the veranda with a mirror and a bowl of cocaine . MARK look good . ( no reply ) look tough . Mark finish buzzing -- look at du pont 's crew cut in the mirror . du pont seem melancholy . MARK ( cont 'd ) I think you be ready . ( beat ) we just need some more talc . they both reach over to the bowl of " talc " , rub some on they gum -- then they each snort a line . MARK ( cont 'd ) yah ! I think you be ready . du pont I appreciate this ... MARK you have do the training , you learn the move . you be ready to rumble , boss . 57 . du pont no. Mark . I appreciate this . MARK ( after a moment ) it 's nothing . du pont when I be fourteen - my father have leave we long before that - my best friend be clifford Holt , we gardener 's son . then I find out mother have be pay cliff to be friend with I . Mark be move , but do not know what to say . MARK we all have demon . du pont ( totally sincere ) it 's good to know you and I have come to this ... friendship without any of that nonsense . Financial nonsense . neither mention that du pont be actually pay Mark . silence . Mark struggle whether to admit something . then - MARK when Dave 's son , Alex , be bear he have some problem with he lung . it look like he be not gonna live . I be sit in the hospital wait room , and all I could think be : maybe it 's better if he die . Dave will not be distract . we can get back to training together . ( beat ) Alex be fine now and , you know , he 's my nephew . I be not proud I want he to die , but it 's the truth . that 's just the truth . ( then ) you gotta conquer you demon . du pont stand up . expressionless , he disappear through the slide glass door into the house . Mark look out over the dark grounds of foxcatcher . quiet . then Mark jump out of he skin as a machine gun fire several round behind he . 58 . when he turn around , there 's du pont , a determine look on he face , point a semi-automatic machine gun out into the roll landscape . du pont conquer demon . he fire again , a short burst of bullet into the dark . du pont fire again , a sustained volley into the dark ... MARK ( over the gunfire ) yeahhhhh !!!! du pont cease fire and look out . he begin lowering the gun when it accidentally go off , fire a few bullet into the wood deck - though he do not seem to notice . du pont they be dead . CUT to : int . lear jet - day silence , save for the steady hum of flight inside the cabin . du pont 's gaze out the window of this private jet ; he 's try to be brave , but he 's clearly terrify of the upcoming match . Mark sit next to du pont , on the aisle . CUT to : int . phoenix arena - day between period at the " du pont Masters open and collegiate invitational " . very few people in the Masters gym bleacher . large poster of the oile - up Mark on the wall . through large OPEN door , in the adjoin gym , a larger crowd cheer on a number of NCAA wrestler . fred cole and another USA wrestling official look in from the other gym . they see the poster of Mark on the wall , and they see : a exhaust du pont , in he foxcatcher singlet , be slump in he chair , encourage Mark to massage he shoulder . Mark oblige . Mark glance at the OPEN door , notice Fred Cole . self-conscious , he ignore Cole and focus on John . 59 . MARK when he give you the slight open , you gotta shoot in on he . be aggressive . show he who 's boss . du pont nod wearily . he can barely move . CUT to : the final minute of the match . it 's clearly rigged . the other wrestler be try to let the exhaust du pont get the best of he . Mark watch . the ref blow the end of match whistle . the wrestler stand , du pont struggle to he foot . the ref take each of they hand , and raise ... du pont 's . he 's " win " . du pont limp off the mat . he approach Mark , throws he arm around he the way Mark hugge du pont at the world . Mark glance toward the open door to the other gym . CUT to : int . locker room / phoenix arena - minute later Mark and a exhaust du pont enter the locker room . Mark sees , off in a corner , brandon speak quietly with the other wrestler from du pont 's match . he watch brandon hand the other wrestler a envelope . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher lawn - evening / establishing the helicopter be on the lawn , blade slow , shutting down . du pont ( v.o. ) I have rearrange some of the horse ribbon , mother ... CUT to : int . jean du pont' room / foxcatcher - evening John be seat in front of he mother , next to a window in she third floor room . she 's in she wheelchair , with the oxygen tube in she nose , imperious as ever . du pont ... some of the older prize in the trophy case . ( more ) 60 . du pont ( cont 'd ) to make room for team foxcatcher medal .... for the wrestle award . silence . Jean just look at she son , not reacting . du pont ( cont 'd ) include this , mother . ha. which I have actually just win . he take he winner' plaque out of a duffel bag , try to be casual , but seem all the more like a eager 9 year - old . he hold it out for she . she do not take it , but lean forward slightly to read what 's inscribe on it : " first place , over - 50 , du pont master' invitational : JOHN ` eagle ' du pont . " she sit back . jean which ribbon ? du pont I be sorry ? jean which ribbon do you move ? du pont just some of the older one . from the case . from the Rosemont case . silence . jean I will have a look later to see exactly what you have do . CUT to : int . trophy room - day C / u' of Jean 's ribbon in the case , horse photo , etc . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate - next morning / establishing on the vast lawn , the gardener drive he mower . CUT to : 61 . int . foxcatcher gym - late morning du pont , in foxcatcher sweat , walk in . the gym be empty . CUT to : int . garcia and zerega's bungalow / foxcatcher - late morning Mark and the team be watch a videotape Garcia have get of a early ultimate fighting match . it 's a american street fighter versus a huge brazilian jujutsu expert . the match be brutal and bloody and the wrestler watch be clearly into it . Mark be lie on the couch - attentive , but quiet . there 's knocking at the door , but the guy do not notice it . much louder knocking . Garcia open the door . it 's du pont . Mark rise to greet he as Dan mute the video . MARK ( completely genuine ) hi , boss . how you do ? any soreness from the match ? du pont I go by the gym - it 's almost noon - and there 's no one in there . there be no one in there . in the gym . MARK yeah , no , exactly - we have get a intense workout schedule this afternoon . Real intense one . so we be take the morning to rest up . du pont who precisely be in charge around here ? MARK well , I mean , I be . du pont where do we stand on Dave ? MARK ( beat ) on what ? du pont David schultz . you brother . when be he come to foxcatcher ? 62 . beat . Mark glance at the other guy . du pont ( cont 'd ) we need someone to take charge around here , someone to lead . MARK John , seriously , I do not know how else to say it . it 's not gonna happen . you can not buy Dave . it 's just not gonna happen . du pont slap mark. hard . across the face . silence . Mark could destroy du pont . he do not seem to even consider it . he just stand there , like a chasten schoolboy , he face redden . du pont walk out past the mute ufc on tv - once he 's go , no one speak . then : garcia you get bitch -slap . Mark turn to Garcia . garcia ( cont 'd ) oh shit . Garcia run into the other room . CUT to : int . bathroom / the chalet - day Mark stand at the sink staring at he reflection as the mirror fog over from the running shower : bleach hair , one side of he face be red where du pont slap he . CUT to : int . bedroom / the chalet - day Mark sit on the edge of he bed . he 's neatly dress , he wet hair brush . his face shave . he do not move . CUT to : 63. ext . foxcatcher lawn - day Mark walk quickly across the vast lawn toward the Big House . CUT to : int . office entrance / big house - day Mark enter the Big House through the rear office entrance . no one 's in the reception area . MARK hello ?... hello ? he start up the stair , two at a time . Stan beck come out of he office , meet he at the top . stan beck Mark . how be thing ? MARK I need to see John . stan beck Mr. du pont 's not available right now . MARK Stan , please . I need to see he . stan beck he 's get a very full schedule this afternoon . but I will let he know you stop by . MARK ( more and more upset ) listen - I - something happen . there be a - misunderstanding . I think I do something wrong and I really need to talk to he about it - stan beck - Mark , I hear you . but Mr. du pont 's away for the afternoon on business . he 's simply not here . Mark do not move . stan beck ( cont 'd ) you be go to have to do this later . 64 . Mark 's freeze , not know what to do , where to go ... prelap : knocking on a door ... CUT to : int . bedroom / the chalet - that night / late Mark awaken with a start to the sound of someone knocking at the front door . he look at the clock . it 's 3 a.m. CUT to : I /e. front door / the chalet - night Mark open the door to find du pont stand there , in he sweat . he clearly have not be to bed . and it 's clearly a artificial stimulant that 's be keep he awake . du pont New move . wrestling move . need to try they out . MARK oh , uh - du pont in the gym . beat . Mark force the cobweb from he head . MARK yeah , of course . just ... just give I a minute . CUT to : int . foxcatcher gym - night Mark and du pont be down on the wrestle mat . du pont on top . he 's both weirdly aggressive with Mark - try to get he in various hold - and also , in the bizarre way he 's press against Mark , quasi-sexual . Mark be blank-faced . just wait for it to end . fade out . 65 . ext . foxcatcher estate - day wide shot of the foxcatcher estate . in the distance , a helicopter approach , the rotor get louder and louder . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher lawn - day the helicopter have land , the rotor still whirring loudly . ( we will not hear dialogue in the follow sequence . ) dave and nancy and the kid descend from the helicopter , greeted warmly by the wrestle team . MARK be absent . du pont emerge from the Big House , trail by brandon . we see du pont notice what a warm reception Dave get from the team . he come down the step , greet Dave and the family . close on : Mark , who 's at the very far end of the lawn , just inside the ring of tree , watching . his head be completely shave . mark Pov : brandon and the team escort Nancy and the kid toward they new home . du pont and Dave ascend the Big House step together . du pont put he arm around Dave 's shoulder . Far away , the Big House front door close . CUT to : I /e. front door / the chalet - early evening the door open . Mark have open it from the inside . he 's look out at : Dave , on he porch . beat . dave hey . MARK hey , Dave . dave how you do ? MARK good . I be good . dave I have not see you yet . I just want to make sure everything 's okay . 66 . MARK yeah . I be just concentrate . trial be in 50 day . silence . dave you know , Nancy and the kid be here . MARK how they do ? dave good . you should stop in , say hi . MARK I will . ( beat ) I will . as the brother stand in the doorway look at each other , prelap : the sound of a gunshot . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher wood - day a deer stagger . it 's be hit by a rifle shot . it stumble , start to move away . reverse onto Dave , hold he rifle . he 's hunt with Dan bane and two wrestler we do not recognize ( recruit by he in the few week he 's be there . ) Dave fire again . hear : open of the doobie brother ' " listen to the Music " CUT to : ext . backyard / dave and nancy'' house / foxcatcher - day a boombox play the doobie Brothers . the deer carcass hang from a large tree . Dave skin it with a long knife . Dave 's son , Alex , sit on the picnic table , watch . danielle run around the yard with some of the other wrestler ' kid . CUT to : 67 . ext . backyard / dave and nancy'' house - evening music in the background . the ( now dozen or so ) wrestler and they family be gather around the picnic table , the keg , the roasting deer on the spit over the fire . du pont be at the table . Mark stay very much on the periphery of the group . Dave 's hold court at the table - in front of a huge platter of venison steak - dave there 's this big match between a american and a Russian . the Russian be a monster , never lose , kill everybody with this hold call the pretzel . so the american coach tell he wrestler , " listen , whatever you do do not let this guy get you in the pretzel or you be dead . " sure enough , match start , the Russian get he in the pretzel . there be smile around the table . dave ( cont 'd ) the coach bury he head in he hand because he know 's it 's all over . suddenly , he hear the crowd roar . when he look up the Russian be fly through the air - he land on he back , the american jump he . pin he . boom . the match be over . du pont be study Dave intently , fascinate by the hold he have on people - the attention he get . dave ( cont 'd ) " nobody 's ever get out of the pretzel , " the coach say afterward , " how would you do it ? " " well , coach , I be just about to give up when I open my eye and there be this big hairy pair of ball right in front of my face . I have nothing to lose , so with my last ounce of strength I crane my neck and bit that baby as hard as I could . " ( some laugh ) the coach say , " and that do the trick ? " ( low ) ( more ) 68 . dave ( cont 'd ) " coach , you would be surprised how motivate you get when you bite you own ball . " everyone crack up . du pont watch , try to discern what make this man so effortlessly magnetic . then du pont laugh loudest of all . CUT to : int . foxcatcher gym - day the dozen wrestler be spread out on the mat , in pair , wrestle . Dave walk among they . he move close to springer , give instruction . du pont , in sweat and a whistle , lurk nearby . Mark 's off against the wall , put on weightlifting glove . dave he give you opportunity , jump on it . hard . drive he down . du pont no mercy ! Dave look at du pont , surprised by the comment - that John 's actually behave as if he 's coach . Dave look at some of the wrestler , realize this be the norm . he laugh , pat du pont on the back . dave ( to the wrestler ) okay . okay . you hear the head coach . no mercy . Mark walk out of the wrestle room to the weight room . du pont be thrilled to be validate for a moment . then - dave ( cont 'd ) ( to du pont ) would you give we a little room ? just stand over there for a sec ... ( turn to springer ) springer - du pont obey , shuffle off to the side . fluidly , expertly , Dave talk and wrestle through a series of move with springer . ( more ) 69 . dave ( cont 'd ) - when he grab for you elbow , go for head position - you hand on he wrist need to come up immediately , suck he arm to you chest , right hook over the top for the headlock , take he down , drive he down - du pont watch the master work for several moment . dave ( cont 'd ) - you see he commit you make he pay - du pont clearly have nothing to contribute . he clap . du pont keep it up , gentleman . largely ignore , he drift off into the weight room . CUT to : int . weight room / foxcatcher gym - continuous Mark sit on the leg - PRESS , press a enormous amount of weight - repeatedly - strain , push himself . du pont enter . Mark try to ignore he , continue to press the huge stack of weight . du pont you brother 's take the rein . lead . Mark finish he set , stare straight ahead , catch he breath . du pont ( cont 'd ) you have get more in you than that . Mark turn he gaze to du pont. silence . du pont walk over behind he , start massage Mark 's shoulder . du pont ( cont 'd ) you have get to dig deep . find out what 's inside . discover what you be make of . MARK ( quiet ) please do not do that . 70 . du pont keep massage . Mark glance towards the wrestle room . du pont conquer you demon , Mark . conquer - MARK ( quiet ) - please . I be ask you to not ... Dave be come in the direction of the weight room . Mark stand and walk out of the gym . du pont turn and see Dave come through the doorway . CUT to : int . the chalet - later cu on tv screen : Mark be take down by a wrestler . the image pause , play again . and again . Mark sit in front of the screen , watch this sequence , over and over . Dave walk in through the open door . Mark do not acknowledge he . dave why would you take off so suddenly ? MARK ( still watching ) need to study up . fix some weakness . dave you be do this since you leave ? MARK pretty much . beat . Dave stand there as Mark keep watch . dave what 's go on with you and John ? MARK ( still watching ) nothing 's go on . ( beat ) what do that mean ? 71 . dave you seem kind of upset in the gym . MARK ( still watching ) the fuck you talk about ? du pont he be talk to you about something and you seem pretty upset . ( then ) what be he say to you ? MARK I do not know what you be talk about . beat . dave okay . you want I to leave you alone , I will leave you alone . you decide you want to talk , you know where to find I . Dave walk out . Mark keep watch he videotape . CUT to : I /e. du pont' car / foxcatcher - next morning du pont drive he black mercury . he 's wear what look like a antique Revolutionary War General 's battle coat over a foxcatcher t-shirt . there be a couple of musket in the back seat , another coat . CUT to : ext . dave' house / foxcatcher - same time Dave 's get the hood of he car up . he 's show Alex how to change the oil filter . danielle pick flower in the yard and bring they to Nancy on the step . du pont pull up in he car , get out with the car run . du pont David schultz . Dave . Dave look around the open hood . 72 . dave hey , coach . du pont I would like to show you something . why do not you hop in ? it 's more than a little odd that du pont have not acknowledge anyone else . dave well - du pont - need to show you something . at the battlefield . come . sit. come . dave you know what , coach ? it 's Sunday . family time . du pont stand there as if he have not quite register what Dave say . beat . beat . Nancy call out from the step . nancy good morning , John . du pont look over at she as if he 's just notice she presence . du pont family time . ah. very good . he turn , get back in he car . du pont ( cont 'd ) good . good family time . he drive off . Dave look at Nancy . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher wood - next morning Mark run - alone , push himself , sprinting - through the wood , jump rock and fall tree trunk . CUT to : 73. int . foxcatcher gym - same time the wrestler train on the mat . du pont patrol the perimeter , repeatedly looking toward the doorway . du pont sees someone enter and immediately begin act coach - like , shout instruction , clapping encouragement . we now see who have enter : Mrs. Jean du pont . she 's wheeled in by a attendant ; another wheel the oxygen tank she 's attach to . they park themselves by the wall . intercut : Mark sprint through the wood , breathe hard . back in the gym : the wrestler notice Jean , begin to stop what they be do . du pont blows he whistle too loudly - du pont and .... break ! gentlemen , well do ! listen up . team . listen up . several wrestler glance toward Dave to check he reaction to this . Dave nods he head in du pont 's direction . du pont ( cont 'd ) a number of you will be travel with I to the Olympic trial in pensacola next week . from the moment you leave this hallow training grounds , you will be in competition . there 's no lie in a fight . who you think you be in the moment lead up to a fight , and who you be when the fight begin - the truth will become abundantly clear . Jean du pont watch she son . du pont ( cont 'd ) raul Garcia , come up here for a moment . no one move . he gesture at Garcia . du pont ( cont 'd ) raul . gecko . come . garcia ( mutter under he breath ) my fuck name 's Roberto , dickweed . 74 . springer smile . Garcia stand . he 's clearly the smallest wrestler in the room . he approach du pont . intercut : Mark sprinting through the wood . back in the gym : du pont muchas gracias , compadre . ( gesture to the mat ) por favor . Garcia get in the down position . du pont kneel next to he , he arm hover over he , not yet grab on . du pont ( cont 'd ) the period begin before the whistle blow , when the other wrestler feel you above he , feel you purpose . Jean watch she son , not betray any emotion . du pont ( cont 'd ) then ... the whistle blow ! du pont grab onto Garcia . tries to flip he . he can not move he at all . total silence , except for du pont grunt . Mrs. du pont , stoic - watch she son . then she signal to she attendant to take she away . she 's wheeled out . du pont see she go . fade out . int . wrestling arena / pensacola - day Dave wrestle . he 's have trouble with a young wrestler . Mark stretch by the wall , alone , try to concentrate on he upcoming match . he keep glance over at he struggle brother , and at du pont in Dave 's corner . CUT to : du pont fan Dave with a towel in between period , " coach he " , give " advice " . he 's be filmed by a camera crew . CUT to : end of Dave 's match . Mark watch the ref raise the other wrestler 's hand . Mark 's stunne . 75 . announcer ( over p.a. ) that 's the second - and final - loss for David schultz . Dave graciously hug the other wrestler . on MARK , watch , devastate , CUT to : int . wrestling arena / pensacola - later / day mark on the mat , battle a college wrestler , Rico chipparelli . Mark 's struggle . we see a vulnerability we have not see before - something lose or disorient . Dave shout from the corner . dave get after he , Mark ! shoot low !... du pont , be filmed , clap , call out instruction - du pont need to get after he , there . low low low . CUT to : in between period , Mark sit in the chair in he corner while Dave get in he face , coach . but all Mark can pay attention to be du pont clumsily fanning he with a towel . dave he 's open to the leave . he leave he entire leave side open . you gotta get after that fucker ! make he pay . now or never ... CUT to : Mark 's back out on the mat . it 's not work . Mark get pinned . the wrestler stand . the ref hold both of they hand , raise chipparelli 's arm . he turn they around , raise chipparelli 's arm again . Mark walk off the mat . Dave try to console he . dave ( cont 'd ) double elimination , buddy . you will get it back . du pont next time , Mark . a good effort . 76 . Mark walk right past they , off the mat . we trail he , stay with he as he walk straight out the arena door . ext . parking lot / wrestling arena - continuous Mark walk out the door and along the side of the building . he turn down a side entrance ramp for delivery truck lead down to a underground garage . I /e. delivery tunnel / wrestling arena - continuous Mark 's alone here . he bang he head against the cement wall , smash it repeatedly . he scream at himself . he punch himself . punishment for lose . CUT to : int . mark HOTEL room - day Mark , still in he wrestle clothes , sit on the edge of he bed in front of a room service cart load with food . his face be bloody . he gorge himself on fry chicken , sandwich , french fries . CUT to : int . mark HOTEL room - later Mark 's on he knee at the room mini - bar , have discover the kit -kat 's , m&amp ; Ms. tv 's on , place be a wreck . a knock at the door . louder . Mark look through the peephole . his Pov : dave open up - I know you be in there . Mark walk away from the door . dave ( cont 'd ) Mark . I be gonna kick it in if you do not open it . Dave pound hard , seriously rattling the doorframe . dave ( cont 'd ) Mark ! Mark do not move . Dave start to kick in the door - once , twice - it might break . Mark go to the door and open it . silence as the brother stand there look at each other . 77 . dave ( cont 'd ) what 's go on with you ? you get a match in four hour . ( beat ) what happen to you face ? Mark walk away , sit on the bed . Dave come in , survey the room - dish on the room - service cart , open mini-bar . dave ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ , tell I you do not eat all this . ( no answer ) you get to weigh in before every match . MARK I be do . dave what do that mean ? MARK it 's over . I be do . you lose . I lose . it 's over . Dave walk over to Mark , and cuff he , hard , on the side of the head . he hit he again . hard . dave look at I . look at I . you have a chance to do what no wrestler 's do since 1904 . not one . if you think I be gonna let you throw away a chance to win back - to- back Olympic gold you be fuck crazy . Dave cuff he again , harder . dave ( cont 'd ) do you know what I would give to have the extra year you have get ? to have one more shot ? to not have to start coach full time ? do you ?! ( hit he again ) I be do , Mark . I have lose a step . you have not . I will kick the shit out of you . I will lift you up and personally throw you out on that mat to take what 's yours - what we have be training for since high school . and I will be on you ass every day from here to South Korea . 78 . Mark be silent , he face redden . stare straight ahead . dave ( cont 'd ) ( quiet now ) I be with you , Mark . you be not in this alone . silence . then , Mark stand and the camera follow he into the bathroom . as he stick he finger down he throat and lean over the toilet bowl to throw up , CUT to : int . weigh - in room - day Mark step on the scale . Dave watch . the balance shoot up , make a metallic clank . dave ( under he breath ) shit . the official move the slide weight up from 82 kilo to ... official 87 kilo . dave how long do he have to make weight ? the official glance up at the clock . official weigh - in period end at 3:30 pm . Dave nod . grab Mark . dave c'mon , fat boy , you get 90 minute to cut 12 pound . CUT to : int . work - out room - day Mark pedal furiously on a stationary bike , wear five layer of sweat and fleece with plastic on top . we can see how much Mark be perspire by the pool of sweat which be collect up he arm . Dave egg he on as he shove tiny piece of ice up Mark 's nose to keep he from overheate . 79 . du pont walk in the far side , clap , call out - du pont here you be . I have be look all over for you -- Dave immediately trot over to du pont , head he off . we see they conversation from Mark 's Pov ( we will hear only piece of it ) : Dave explain how Mark need to be leave alone . du pont resist at first ; Dave be gentle but firm . he tell du pont he should not be in Mark 's corner right now . finally , du pont turn and walk out . Dave turn back toward Mark . Mark put he head down and pedal even harder . CUT to : int . weigh in room - day c/u on the clock : 3:29 . the weigh - in official close he log book . Dave and Mark burst into the room . dave wait ! wait ! we be here ... ( to MARK ) get them off . the official look at they , open he log book . Dave help Mark peel off he sweat . soak , they hit the floor with a smack . Mark , in he singlet , get on the scale . he 's 30 gram overweight ( 5 ounce ) . he step off , and Dave help peel he singlet off . he get back on the scale naked . the official slide the weight bar ... 3 gram over . Dave grab Mark . dave ( cont 'd ) come here . he grab he wallet from he sweat pocket and pull out a credit card , drop the wallet on the floor . Dave squeeees sweat off Mark 's naked body with the card . scrape he down . he help Mark back on the scale . the pointer bob , finally reach equilibrium . official 82 kilo . 80 . Mark practically collapse . Dave help he off the scale , walk he over to a bench , sit he down . he grab a gatorade from nearby table and hold it out to Mark , who look like he might pass out . dave Mark . drink . Mark just sit there . not take the drink . dave ( cont 'd ) Mark ... smash CUT to : int . wrestling arena / pensacola - day Mark slam he opponent , Mike sheet , to the mat . he 's like a animal , dominate , aggressive . Dave coaches from Mark 's corner . int . wrestling arena / pensacola - day a series of quick cut of mark match : Mark dominate , turn he opponent , take they down ... then : the end whistle of Mark 's final match . the wrestler stand and the referee raise mark arm ... dave yaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh ! Dave 's exultant - leaping and scream onto the mat - he grab he brother in a bear hug and lift he off the mat . as Dave joyfully carry he exhaust , victorious brother around the mat , he glance over at where du pont would be sit . empty seat . CUT to : int . HOTEL hallway - night Dave walk down the long hall check door number . he stop to knock on one . after a moment , Stan beck open the door . dave hey , Stan . 81 . stan beck Dave . what can I do for you ? dave I be have some trouble find John . he 's not in he room - stan beck - right . dave - I want to check in with he . I have a kind of uncomfortable thing with John before the match this afternoon - Mark be in a really delicate place , and I have to ask John to not be in he corner . I just want to make sure he 's okay with everything . and that he 's happy with the result . with how thing turn out . stan beck Dave . Mr. du pont 's mother die this morning . he fly home to Philadelphia earlier today . on Dave , stunne . Dylan 's " all the tire horse " start to play . CUT to : int . foxcatcher estate / trophy room - day " all the tire horse " plays . c/u on Jean du pont 's face in a oil painting . shot of she horse - jump ribbon ; photo of Jean riding ; the space John clear for he wrestler ' medal ; John 's Masters ' tournament winner 's plaque . a shot of the poster of Mark oile - up , hang on the wall . CUT to : 82. ext . foxcatcher estate - early evening very wide shot of the field between the Main House and the stable . a distant figure - tall , thin - make he way across the field . " all the tire horse " plays . CUT to : I /e. foxcatcher stable - early evening the door to the stable be wide open . " all the tire horse " plays . the horse peer out from they stall , confuse , wild - eye . du pont go from stall to stall , throw open the gate . he wave the horse out , slapping they , wave he arm , shouting wildly , force the horse outside . CUT to : ext . stable - continuous / early evening " all the tire horse " plays . the horse charge out from the stable and onto the field . du pont follow they out , wave at they drunkenly , fall , get up , fall again . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate / entrance - afternoon Dave 's subaru turn off the road , onto the main driveway of foxcatcher . Nancy 's drive , Dave next to she , Mark in the back seat . a guard emerge from a makeshift guardhouse near the entrance gate to stop they . Nancy roll down window . guard can I help you ? dave ( lean across Nancy ) what 's go on ? guard how can I help you ? dave we live here . we be part of team foxcatcher . 83. guard you name ? dave what 's go on ? guard New security plan . name ? dave Dave and Nancy schultz . Mark schultz . guard can I see some picture id 's ? dave be you serious ? guard please . they hand over they driver 's licence . Mark reach to hand he over from the back seat - dave ( to guard ) - this guy just make the Olympic team . no response . the Guard take the id 's into the guardhouse . Mark look out he window : patrol the roof of the main house , we can see plainclothes security guard . one of they speak into a microphone in he cuff . the Guard return . hand back they id 's . and hand Dave a envelope . guard this be for you , sir . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate / the chalet - afternoon Mark lift he duffel bag from the back of Dave 's car . he come around to Dave 's open window . MARK tomorrow morning ? 84 . dave yeah - MARK 7 o'clock - dave yeah . MARK I will pick you up tomorrow , 7am . dave you get it . Mark start off , then turn quickly - MARK wait - you house , right ? Dave have to laugh . dave congrat , my brother . as Mark walk into the chalet , he look over toward the Big House , where he can see a security detail fan out on the lawn , sweeping the ground with metal detector . in the car : Dave look down at envelope in he hand . nancy what you get , baby ? open it . beat . dave John write I a check for ten thousand dollar . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher - morning wide shot as du pont trudge across the lawn toward the field House in foxcatcher sweat . after a few moment , he 's follow by a large plainclothes security guard in a dark suit ... and by Stan beck . CUT to : 85 . int . foxcatcher gym - morning wrestler warm up , work out , lift weight . Dave and Mark train intensively together , do take - down drill . Mark execute , Dave murmur instruction to Mark , they do the drill again . du pont walk in the gym , trail by the he plainclothes Security Guard and Stan . du pont look like he have not shower in a few day . Dave move toward John , offer greeting and condolence -- " how you do there , coach , " " sorry to hear about you mother , sir , " etc . du pont brushes off the offer of sympathy - du pont no no . all 's fine . there 's work to be do . ( clap ) back to work , gentleman . as they go back to they drill , John stay on the perimeter , watch Mark , staring at they . it 's disconcert . Dave move back to work with Mark . dave mark. focus . look at I . ( Mark look at he ) focus on I . ( MARK nods ) you here ? ( MARK nods ) let 's run it again . Mark try to run the takedown , Dave escape , he spin on Mark and take he down hard . as they stand up , Dave smack MARK - dave ( cont 'd ) get you head on straight and do this . du pont walk over . Mark can barely look at he . du pont stop close to Mark . Mark look to Dave to save he from this . Dave 's clearly catch in the middle . Mark look down , close he eye as if in pain . du pont move close to Dave , speak to he so Mark can hear - 86 . du pont if you and I can not get he there , no one can . we be in this together . after a long moment , du pont move off the mat . he start to stretch nearby . as Dave try to get Mark back to work , du pont start to jog around the perimeter of the gym . Mark 's try to keep it together , but it 's clearly drive he insane . as du pont jog and jog - prelap : du pont ( v.o. ) we challenge ... as coaches ... as leader . I have coach ... and psychologically prepare ... we Mark schultz . to capture Olympic gold ... CUT to : int . du pont' office / big house - day c/ U of du pont. he's speak directly to camera . we be not sure where we be yet . he speak haltingly , with effort , try to be authoritative . du pont ... I wear many hat . I be leader . mentor . Father figure . brother . older brother . at time the young ... int . du pont' office / big house - day from a wider angle , we see that he 's be filmed for the documentary . he wear he foxcatcher sweat jacket with head coach and JOHN ` Eagle ' du pont " stitched onto it . du pont it will not be easy . we have build ... we family . we obligation ... be to build ... winner ... in life . to teach the secret ... to build man who will ... think of ... who will understand ... the character trait ... we must teach they ... whether they will listen or no . 87 . he 's finish . silence . he stare steadily into the camera . then he twitches . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate / various - night a security team tap on the outside of the main house , listen to the wall with what look like giant stethoscope . the chalet : a horse , its mane unkempt and knotted , eat grass in the side yard . lift its head , it nose the side window . CUT to : int . big house / du pont' office - afternoon fred cole , with two other official from USA wrestling , sit across from du pont 's desk . Dave 's there , as be Stan beck . John sit at he desk , cleaning and oiling he pistol . a glass of scotch next to it . fred cole we be so very sorry about you mother 's pass . du pont do not look up , just meticulously clean each part of the gun . almost mumble : du pont yes. very sad . very sad day here . here at the farm . he keep he focus on the disassembled gun , wiping clean each piece . silence , then - fred cole well , whatever we can do . silence . stan beck what we want to discuss ... Mr. du pont spend a significant amount of money for wrestler ' training here at foxcatcher . now - in addition - he would like to make a sizable direct donation to USA wrestling . ( then ) this money would come with condition . ( more ) 88. stan beck ( cont 'd ) first : that you will start to offer foxcatcher Farms - with the Golden Eagle as head coach , and Dave schultz as coach - as a alternative to Colorado Springs for wrestler to train . fred cole May I ask what sort of a donation we be discuss ? stan beck four hundred thousand dollar . Fred choke on he glass of water . stan beck ( cont 'd ) second : that the du pont family name be on all Olympic wrestle singlet and sweatsuit . du pont ( under he breath ) and gym bag . stan beck and gym bag . beat . Fred glance at he fellow official . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher / wood - same time Mark sprint through the wood , breathe hard . he emerge from the ring of tree onto the lawn near the Big House . he 's immediately bring up short as several security guard come towards he , hand up -- plainclothes security guard Sir ! please turn around and go back the way you come . MARK ( gasping ) what 's go on ? plainclothes security guard Security . please turn around and go back the way you come . behind the guard , Mark can see a security detail fan out around the perimeter of the Big House . 89 . MARK what -? plainclothes security guard - we will let you know when this area be open . please turn around and go back the way you come . Mark 's confuse , still breathe hard . after a moment , he turn and walk off into the wood . CUT to : int . big house / du pont' office - same time stan beck we believe that Eagle have earn the right to be name to the official roster of Olympic coaches at Seoul . which mean he would be in Mark schultz 's corner throughout the game . Fred look over at Dave . fred cole we will all , of course , just need to get he to sign off on this . stan beck you can take care of that ? dave I can try . CUT to : int . foxcatcher gym - morning Dave and the other wrestler warm up , stretch , run drill . Mark walk into the gym in streetclothes , stay near the entrance . Dave sense that something 's go on with he brother , walk over to he . dave you be late . MARK be you in the Big House yesterday ? 90 . dave for a little while . MARK in the afternoon ? because I get turn away when I come within fifty yard of the house . ( then ) what be you do there ? dave I be a coach here . I get pay by John . I be meeting with John . MARK about what ? dave Mark . get dress . MARK he 's weaken I . dave what be you talk about ? MARK I talk to bachman at smu last night . he say they be expand the program . there will be room for both of we in the fall - dave - Mark - MARK - I tell he we could all get on the phone next weekend - dave - you need to focus on what 's happen a month from now . not - MARK - smu 's gonna make a move , they be gonna take a run at it - we can be there at the beginning - dave - do not do this . do not do it . stay clear about what we be work for . 91 . MARK - I can not do this anymore . I can not do it - dave - it 's not the time , Mark - MARK - John 's kill I here - dave - he 's not kill you - MARK - if we at least let bachman know by the end of the week we will have a place to go to after - dave - stop. stop it ! Long beat as Dave look at Mark . as gently as he can : dave ( cont 'd ) I will make sure you be take care of after Seoul . I will talk to John - whatever you decide : you want to stay , you want to go - I will make sure you be take care of . Mark 's look at he brother , something dawn on he for the first time . MARK you be not think of stay here ...? dave I do not know , Mark . the school be great , the kid be happy . they have eight hundred acre to run around in ... Mark 's at a complete loss . just when he would reconnect with he brother , it seem they will be separate again . dave ( cont 'd ) if you win next month you be in a class by yourself , you write you own ticket . you live you own life however you want . focus on that . 92 . MARK ( quietly ) my own life . dave that 's right . MARK and you will be here . dave I will be here . whenever you need I . Mark seem lose . Dave pat he on the shoulder and turn to walk toward he office . Mark watch he walk away , then - MARK what 's on you forehead ? dave what ? MARK it say kid . dave to remind I to pick up the kid from school . MARK what do that mean ? when be you gonna you see you own forehead ? dave I do not have to . you just tell I . on Mark , prelap : corporal here we go , sir . five ton of fun . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate - morning a m-113 armore personnel carrier ( apc ) be off - load from the back of a wide - load army trailer . a delivery corporal direct the operation . du pont watch . corporal that 's one beautiful vehicle . the corporal watch du pont climb atop the apc . 93. du pont where 's the grenade launcher ? corporal I be sorry ? du pont the 40 mm grenade launcher that 's suppose to be mount up here . the corporal page through the sheet of he delivery order . corporal I do not know , sir . I do not ... I do not see anything in the order - du pont - it go right here . right here . corporal yes , it do . it do mount right there on the top . du pont so where be it ? CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate - day worker heighten and reinforce the perimeter fence that run along the rural road surround the estate . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher / big house - day portion of the exterior brick - face have be open up , and security expert be peer inside , snake camera through the wall ... look for ... something ... CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate - day drizzle . du pont sit in the m-113 apc , he torso stick out the top . he turn it on , the engine roaring to life . CUT to : 94 . int . foxcatcher gym - same time Dave be be interview for the documentary . he stand in he workout clothes , in front of the camera crew . some of the wrestler work out behind he . Dave 's read much of what he say from cue card hold near the camera . dave my name 's Dave schultz . I be coach and head of recruiting here at foxcatcher , under head coach John " Eagle " du pont - CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate - same time Dave 's voice continue - dave ( v.o. ) - coach du pont , uh , understand excellence , he represent ... excellence , he expect it from he athlete - du pont drive the apc over a little ridge and start down a long slope toward the pond . CUT to : int . foxcatcher gym - same time dave ( halting ; try so hard ) - his ... commitment to this sport be complete . he 's make himself um , a ... a expert in the sport of wrestle ... Dave , who 's be so good at play along , take it too far even for himself . as he say the next bit , he stumble over he word - dave ( cont 'd ) Eagle be indispensable to - uh - what it ... to - what we be try to accomplish here . ( look down , uncomfortable ) we ... consider John ... ( quietly ) one of we . ( more ) 95 . dave ( cont 'd ) ( so quietly ) one of we . CUT to : ext . foxcatcher estate - same time du pont drive the apc down the slope , into the pond . he continue drive as the tank go lower and lower in the water -- the water cover the vehicle , then he torso , he neck , he head . and he 's go . completely submerge . beat . beat . the surface of the water be still . beat . du pont break the surface . he look around , then swim slowly to shore . the tank remain on the bottom of the pond . CUT to : int . du pont' office - day Dave and Mark sit on the couch across from Stan beck and du pont . Dave be firm and clear , but entirely diplomatic . du pont look dishevel , he will not meet anyone 's gaze . we can see the poster of Mark hang on the wall . dave I will commit to remain at foxcatcher so long as John want I here , but only if my brother be take care of . stan beck taken care of how ? dave so long as I be here , Mark will continue to be pay . stan beck paid what ? dave his full salary . stan beck you want he pay even if he leave ? what if he quit ? dave whether or not he choose to stay . that 's right . 96 . Stan 's incredulous . he glance over at du pont , but he boss do not make eye contact . Stan turn back to Dave . stan beck you be make quite a assumption about the value of you presence here . dave you be welcome to test the theory . stan beck what do that mean ? dave we can see how many wrestler stay if I decide to go . ( beat ) I hope it do not come to that . ( beat ) I would also ask John to understand the delicate nature of the lead - up to Seoul , and please allow Mark some space . let he train just with I . du pont wince at this , but keep quiet . stan beck ( to MARK ) you be that determine to leave ? Mark do not respond . dave he would like the option . Stan lean over to du pont and whisper in he ear . it go on for several second . finally , du pont nods very slightly . stan beck first of all , Mark have always be free to train in whatever - dave - that 's not exactly how it 's - stan beck - just a minute - you have have you say . dave sorry . 97 . stan beck - to train in whatever way be most effective for he . Eagle offer he advice and counsel . if Mark choose to ignore it , that 's he loss . ( then ) Mr. du pont would be prepare to accept you financial term , but only if we get a answer to what we propose week ago . dave what 's that ? stan beck that John du pont , head coach of team foxcatcher , be seat in Mark 's corner throughout the Olympic Games . Mark look at Dave . quiet , betrayed -- MARK you have talk about this ? dave I be wait for the right moment to bring it up with you . you have not exactly be in a receptive frame of mind . a long beat . then Mark shrug , and look away from he brother . he 's give up fight this fight . stan beck all right , then . I guess we be do . silence as they all just sit there . smash CUT to : int . olympic stadium / hallway / seoul - day c/ U on Mark , in he wrestle gear , look disorient , unfocus . he 's in the hall right outside the locker room , just step away from the wrestling arena . Dave 's in he face - talk to he intensely over the sound of the crowd inside - 98 . dave this be you moment to prove yourself - you moment to step out alone , away from everyone , into the spotlight . this have nothing to do with I , nothing to do with John - du pont hover a few foot behind Dave , be film by he camera crew . Mark 's eye keep glance over at he . dave ( cont 'd ) - nothing to do with anyone but you . this be you , Mark . this be you . focus and take what 's yours ! CUT to : int . olympic stadium / seoul - minute later Mark stand in he corner on the edge of the mat , flanke by Dave and du pont . announcer from the United States of America , at 82 kilo ... Mark schultz . Mark walk onto the mat . chant of " U.S.A ... U.S.A ... " from the Americans in the stand ... wave flag and shouting . Mark face he bulgarian opponent in the center of the mat as each be check by the referee . as Mark be pat down , he glance over at he corner : du pont be talk in Dave 's ear , and Dave have he arm around du pont 's shoulder , listen . the camera crew film they . referee wrestle ! Mark 's immediately take down , for a moment onto he back . CUT to : int . olympic stadium - minute later Mark be gasping for air , sit in he chair in the corner . Dave rub he muscle while yell at he , in he face -- but Mark can only focus on du pont , clumsily fan he with the white towel , accidentally hit he with it . CUT to : 99 . int . olympic stadium - minute later Mark wrestle , struggle - eye lose , mouth open , gasp . the drive , the poetry , it 's all go . referee blow the whistle . the match be over . the wrestler stand . referee raise the bulgarian be hand . Mark look lose . du pont be staring at he . Dave hang he head . ref turn the wrestler around and raise the bulgarian 's hand again . du pont watch the small bulgarian contingent in the crowd - cheer , dance , wave the bulgarian flag . CUT to : I /e. drive - day c/u on Mark . he 's drive . we do not know where he be , where he 's drive . camera stay close on he for some time . CUT to : ext . driveway / foxcatcher estate - continuous Mark turn a ryder van onto the foxcatcher estate . he stop at the guardhouse , in front of the mechanical arm which block he way . the guard slide open the guardhouse window . guard name ? on Mark , look at he . CUT to : ext . the chalet / foxcatcher - day Mark walk out of the house , arm full of belonging , past a pile of crap he 's leave heape on the porch . he toss he thing in the back of the van , slam the door shut . CUT to : ext . big house / foxcatcher - minute later Pov from third floor window of the big house : Mark drive he van away . reverse shot : we see who 's Pov this be : John du pont , watch from he third floor window . 100 . du pont be Pov : Mark 's Ryder van drive toward the front gate , toward the guard house ... Mark drive past it ... and off the estate . reverse : du pont , in the window , close the curtain . fade out . ext . foxcatcher estate - day bird sit in the bare branch of a oak tree ; three horse , long -haire and un -groom , paw at the snowy ground , look for grass ; the american flag hang limply on the flagpole . CUT to : int . big house / foxcatcher - day a series of shot : the empty room of the foxcatcher Big House . former grandeur , now devoid of life , dusty . over the last of this shot , we hear a deep , overly dramatic voice come from a tv : video announcer ( v.o. ) ... he 's coach national and world champion with he unique blend of passion and inspiration ... c/ U of a tv screen : a series of image : Mark schultz win match ( one of the image be the one that become the foxcatcher poster ) ; Dave win ; Dan bane win ..... then , on screen , be the scene of du pont " teach " Mark a wrestling move : du pont from the under hook , pivot sideways while pull down on he arm . kneel between he leg and take he to the mat . Mark let du pont take he down , though it 's abundantly apparent how much Mark be gritting he tooth through this . int . large empty room / big house - continuous we see where we be : a huge empty room - once use for grand dance . 101 . in a corner : du pont and the documentary director sit on two chair in front of a tv hook up to a vcr . the director be screen " the John du pont Story " for he boss . du pont have a pistol tuck in he waistband . on the video : a shot of : Mark find du pont in the stand at the world and hugging he tightly . a shot of : Mark win the Olympic trial and Dave hugging and lifting he brother into the air . a shot of : du pont watch this from the stand and raise he fist in the air . a shot of : Dave talk to the camera in the foxcatcher gym : dave he 's make himself a - a expert in the art and sport of wrestle ... Dave stumble on the word - dave ( cont 'd ) Eagle be indispensable to - uh - what it ... what we be try to accomplish here . Dave look down , obviously uncomfortable - dave ( cont 'd ) we ... consider John ... one of we . ( quietly ) one of we . a shot of : du pont talk to the camera , haltingly - try so hard to be authoritative , inspirational : du pont we challenge ... as coaches ... as leader . I have coach ... and psychologically prepare ... we Mark schultz ... to capture Olympic gold . I wear many hat . I be leader . mentor . Father figure . brother . a shot of a golden eagle sit on a tree branch , then fly away . video announcer ( v.o. ) the symbol of America be the Golden Eagle ... 102 . a shot of du pont climb into the pilot seat of he helicopter . he put on he headset . video announcer ( v.o. ) John du pont be that Golden Eagle . du pont take off in the helicopter and fly away . over this shot , the end title come up : " the golden eagle of america - the JOHN du pont story . " the tape end . the tv screen go to static snow . silence . du pont sit there , director next to he . finally , du pont stand and start for the door . director follow . documentary director we have buy several time slot next week on local station wphi - du pont ( still moving ) good . documentary director - several late night slot , of course , but there be also a open afternoon half -hour , directly after " the Edge of night . " that should be a good one - du pont continue right out the door , down the hallway , not even turn to face he . du pont excellent . the director stop at the door . he call out to du pont -- documentary director - I will let you know what the viewership number be as soon as I have they . CUT to : ext . big house - day du pont walk out a side door of the Big House , follow by the large plainclothes security guard . he continue toward he car - the black MERCURY - go to the driver 's side . then , something catch he eye in a nearby tree - he point it out the Security Guard : 103 . du pont Northern cardinal . look at that . large security guard yes , sir . du pont they never leave home , no matter how cold it get . large security guard yes , sir . they get in the car and du pont turn on the ignition . before he shift into gear , he remove the pistol from he waistband and place it on the middle seat . he pull out . CUT to : I /e. du pont' car - continuous du pont drive the dirt road that edge the wood ringing the enormous front lawn . the tree be bare , a bit snowy . peaceful and pretty . the car approach Dave 's house . CUT to : ext . dave' house - continuous du pont 's car pull up . Dave 's subaru be park in the yard out front , and Dave lie half - in- half - out the driver 's side door , work on the fuse BOX under the steering column . Dave rise out of the car to see who 's pull up . dave hey , coach . Dave take a step toward du pont 's car . du pont just look at he through he open driver 's window . dave ( cont 'd ) what 's up , John ? du pont pick up he pistol from the seat . large security guard oh. hold on there - du pont point the pistol at Dave . 104 . du pont you get a problem with I ? dave JOHN - Dave hold out he hand - on he palm be the word " kide " - du pont shoot Dave . the bullet go through Dave 's hand , smash into he chest , throw he to the ground . the Security Guard scramble out the car door and duck behind the passenger side fender . Dave try to crawl away . nancy Dave !.... David !... Nancy run onto the porch and be scream for she husband . du pont point the pistol at she . she run inside . du pont shoot Dave in the back . then he shoot he in the back of the head . after a few moment , he drive away . Nancy run outside . she cradle she husband as he bleed out in the snow . fade out . int . makeshift locker room - night Mark , he head shave , sit in a chair too small for he . he 's in front of a paint cinder block wall . he wear only short , no shirt . a clock tick on the wall behind he . after several moment , we start to hear crowd - pump music in the background . louder . louder . CUT to : int . ultimate fighting championship arena - night Mark walk out of the tunnel into the arena . huge SOUND - loud , crowd - pump music . Strobe light . Mark 's bare - chest , no shoe . he look straight ahead as he walk . there 's something miss behind he eye . CUT to : 105 . int . the cage / ufc arena - night Mark fight a japanese martial artist . Mark 's destroy he in a brutal , uninhibit display of aggression . he 's get he opponent on he back and he pound he bloody face repeatedly . the ref stop the fight . Mark stand . he 's completely still , except for he heavy breathe . the other man 's blood be on he . the crowd be wild , chanting , scream -- " U.S.A .... U.S.A .... U.S.A .... U.S.A .... " screen goe black .