kingdom screenplay by matthew michael carnahan 8/18/2006 michael mann / forward pass peter berg / film 44 12233 west olympic blvd los angele , CA 90064 scott stuber & mary parent 100 universal CITY plaza universal CITY , CA 91608 omitted - see 68a 1 int . WASHINGTON , DC elementary school - day 2 we be in a kindergarten classroom of 25 six year old . all sit on the floor , leg cross . sitting in front of the kid be Little kevin fleury , flanke by he mom lyla fleury and he dad ronald fleury , in a dark suit . Little Kevin have a large cardboard square with picture from different stage of he life tape to it . he 's tell the class about the photo . we be tight on the picture . tight on the young face . tight on fleury . kevin fleury this be my fredricksburg house and my grandma Ruth play with my skateboard ramp . it 's a tony Hawk jump ramp . a little girl , mick raise she hand . kevin fleury ( cont 'd ) Mick ? silence from Mick mick I forget what I be go to say . Kevin point to another picture . kevin fleury this be I at my second birthday party with my mom and my dad . that 's my cake . fleury look down sweet at he son . kevin fleury ( cont 'd ) this be I with my mom at the zoo and this be my dad and I and my grandpa Willie . Kevin point to another photo . kevin fleury ( cont 'd ) and this be I and my dad and my grandpa Willie at my dad 's office . kingdom 8/18/06 2 . the kid all lean forward and squirm as they try and get closer to the picture . miss ross , the pretty twenty five year old teacher watch from the side . mick where 's you gun ? little boy yeah , where be you gun ? pretty much all the kid get in on this now . everyone want to see fleury 's gun . fleury make eye at miss Ross . she 's give he a ' no fuck way 's hard eye . fleury I be assume that there be no bad guy in this room . be not that right ? I mean , be you guy good guy or bad guy ? the whole CLASS good guy ! fleury right . so why would I have bring my gun to a room full of good guy ? this silence the class . miss Ross keep thing move , point to a photo . miss ross what 's that picture ? kevin fleury this be I and my dad play battleship at my dad 's apartment . Mick 's hand go back up . kevin fleury ( cont 'd ) Mick ? mick what be a battleship ? kevin fleury ( abruptly ) my parent be divorced . a beat . lyla and ron look down at Kevin , stall ... kingdom 8/18/06 3 . kevin fleury ( cont 'd ) but that 's ok ' cause the most important thing be to know that everybody love each other . this hit a bit hard on lyla and ron . miss Ross jump in . miss ross so , who 's that in that picture up on top ? kevin fleury that 's my fish , he name be jaw and he 's a really mean fish . continued : omitted - see 68a 3 int . WASHINGTON DC elementary school - continuous 4 Kevin be still go strong . kevin fleury my mommy be a think tank worker and she be really , really smart . she go to two college and have three computer . continued : omitted - see 78a , 87 5 int . WASHINGTON DC elementary school - day 6 Kevin 's point to a picture of Ronald hold he as a tiny newborn . kevin fleury this be the day that my daddy say be the happiest day of he life . miss ross really . his happiest day ! can you tell we about that day , Mr. fleury ? fleury smile , look out at the class . kingdom 8/18/06 4. ronald fleury I sure can . that be December 4th and that be the day that we spend the whole day in the hospital wait for this guy right here to come out of Kevin 's mom 's tummy . and we wait and wait but he would not come and we keep wait and finally the doctor say ' ok ... he 's not gonna come out on he own so we get to go get he . 's and well , fleury stop , check in with miss Ross . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) can I tell this story ? miss ross go for it . ronald fleury so they take she and put she ona special bed and they give she some medicine so she do not feel any pain then they take out this tiny little knife and make a tiny little cut right here in she tummy . the kid be mesmerize ... miss ross then what happen ? ronald fleury then the doctor put she hand way up into Kevin 's mom 's tummy . way in ! and then you know what they do ? a little girl , lu lu : wide eyed lu lu what do they do ? ronald fleury they start to pull and pull and pull ... they have something in there and it start come and they be pull and the doctor all of the sudden say '' stop ! '' the class be freeze . fleury have they . kingdom 8/18/06 5 . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) they stop pull and the doctor look up at I and say ' hey , Mr. fleury - you ready to have you world rock ? 's and I just stare at she and she pull this little head up out of that belly . and it be he . his head . and I look down at he and scream '' Kevin ! ! '' and he look down at I and scream '' " daddy ! ! '' the kid be howling ! CUT to : ext . a unknown rooftop - late day 7 a Muslim family sit together at a table under a tent - canopy : 32 year - old man nervously chew on a toothpick , and he 8 and 15 year - old son . the 8yo lean he weight into a old man hunch and obscure by he grandson - this be he grandfather . he gently rub the Boy 's head with a ancient leave hand . the Boy finger - paint in Arabic script , right to leave , get paint on the table . read the translation : there be no God but Allah . the grandfather 's face be down , obscure by he shumagh : the head - wrap wear by some Muslim man . never a clear view of he face . his 32 year old Son and eldest grandson sit next to they , the Son talk quietly on a cell phone , chew that toothpick , eye set on something in the distance : a Security Gate three hundred yard away , the entrance to some sort of compound . the compound look like a wall - off subdivision , most of which we can see from this high up . the landscape be foreign . scrub desert . ten mile beyond , on the horizon : the shimmer of a modern skyline . surreal monolithic shape make more so by the heat . mute yell - claps-scream waft in from that compound now ... catch the youngest grandson 's attention . eye lift up from he painting : the yell - clap -scream be come from a softball game mostly visible behind the compound 's reinforce wall that extend a mile in each direction . play on the only stretch of green grass visible from this vantage . omitted 8 10 kingdom 8/18/06 6. ext . compound MAIN entrance - late day 9 sound from the softball game much louder now , just over the wall . Security perimeter two checkpoint deep before you get to the main gate . a maze of concrete Jersey -barrier to slow all enter vehicle : give machine - gun emplacement flanking the entrance plenty of time to shred that vehicle if need_be . Middle - Eastern Police platoon . 500 lbs. lift - gate to dissuade any vehicle that just try to ram through . sergeant haytham : a lean , 27 year - old Middle - Eastern policeman in - command of the entrance . sweat through he uniform . a late-model Range Rover with black - out window queue up . all the window roll down : just a single , portly White woman behind the wheel , she infant child in a car-seat in front . two other uniform officer mirror-scan the bottom of the Rover . a brief exchange , as haytham check he id : driver how be you today , sergeant ? haytham Sun be shine . wind be blow . how bad can I be do ? driver I like that , '' Sun be shine ... '' a tight smile from haytham . the other officer be check the inside of the Rover now . they nod to haytham , haytham hand the id back to she . window roll up . lift-gate go up . Range Rover pull away , navigate the zig - zag jersey barrier . int . compound - next moment 10 stay with the Range Rover as it move deeper into the complex . think middle - class Phoenix suburb circa 1960 : stucco home sandwich between dormitory style apartment block , concrete and rock where grass should be . the Range Rover pass a tank with a cage soldier on top sit behind a fifty caliber gun . a Police land cruiser park in the middle of the road be the last of the security . official marking , emergency light in the grill . 11 12 kingdom 8/18/06 7. ext . unknown rooftop —- same moment 11 the Son study the compound through binocular , while the youngest grandson squint to study the softball game : interest cut with jealousy . more mute cheer float . behind and above he , he grandfather 's voice , rough as sand , to he 32 year - old Son , in Arabic : grandfather ( 0.c. ) hang up the phone . if they be not ready now , no word will change it . ext . compound softball diamond - next moment 12 another middle-eastern policeman take in the motley competition : half -smile , half -smirk at a plump -pink White man cheer on he plump-pink 9 year - old Son slide into third . white man get dirty ! safe . clap and hoot . the pitcher : a older White man in he middle forty visibly frustrated . a 25 year - old African - american batter step to the plate now . pitcher turn to he fielder : pitcher step it up now ! ( back the batter ) ready for my knuckle - curve ? the batter just stay focus as the pitcher toss a high - lob . batter smack the ball a mile high , deep to leave . the teammate of the plump-pink Boy on third : teammate tag up ! wait ' til she catch it - pitcher ( spin , point up at the ball ) - comin 's home ! a 14 year - old indian girl sprint underneath the fly-ball : set up , catch it , juggle it , drop it . we pick up different family on the grass nearby : a young woman help she five year old daughter untangle a yo-yo . a black couple do a crossword puzzle together , the wife 's head on she husband 's lap . 13 14 15 16 kingdom 8/18/06 8. ext . unknown roof top - same moment 13 the mute reaction to the drop ball . the whole family , save the youngest grandson , intently focus on two officer walk up to that Police land cruiser park in the middle of the road , well inside the compound : no blink now . the youngest still enthralled by the softball game , the cheer , the run , the short and t-shirt . we see he grandfather 's leave hand stop rub the Boy 's head , and move to the Boy 's temple , place like a blinder so he can not see what 's about to happen . in Arabic : grandfather do not stop watch the game . ext . inside the compound wall - next moment 14 noise from the softball game close again . track this two officer on foot walk toward the Police land cruiser ala shift change : nonchalant but quick . int . police land cruiser - same moment 15 the Driver eyeing the two approach officer : something off about they . uniform wrinkle , one with a full beard . Driver turn to he partner , in Arabic : driver you have a copy of the duty rost - - pop - pop - pop before the Driver finish . the officer on foot rapid-fire 9 mm pistol . the Driver and passenger hit multiple time instantly , crumble lifeless in they seat before anyone have time to process the sound , link they to a attack . the two fire ' officer 's move low - fast like professional : rip the fresh body from the cruiser , jump in . the new passenger rip a ar - 15 rifle off the center console . the new Driver lay rubber into the compound . ext . unknown roof top - same moment 16 the youngest grandson wide -ey , startle , watch as every member of the Security detail in and around the compound go prairie dog : search with neck extend , eye wide -- what the fuck be that ? the Boy try to turn he head away from the game to look for himself : grandfather just push he head back to the game , voice harder now , in Arabic : 17 18 19 kingdom 8/18/06 9. grandfather ( 0.c . ) I say keep watch the game . ext . compound MAIN entrance - same moment 17 haytham instantly sprint toward another nearby Police land cruiser as most everyone else duck . in Arabic : sergeant haytham lock down ! then point at the Officer in the Driver 's seat : sergeant haytham ( cont ’d ) move ! ext . compound softball diamond - same moment 18 game forget . Parents up , scream for love one , move fast toward the parking lot . the Middle - Eastern Officer that have be watch the game hustle onto the field , next to the pitcher , wave people toward he . gather but sporadic gun - fire in very near distance . watching officer ( accented English ) come to I ! follow I ! people immediately flocking around the authority figure . CUT to : the 14 year - old indian girl run in , more puzzle than scared : why be that cop wear a jacket in this heat ? back to : the Officer rip a yellow gun - shape from he jacket pocket . the pitcher see it , instinctively try to rip it away from he . get a handful of collar , pull as violently as he can , shred the front of the Officer 's coat : a white linen vest with a bulge in - front underneath the jacket ... ext . unknown roof top - same moment 19 the youngest grandson 's wide - eye face . then we see the grandfather 's right -hand slide down the other side of he youngest grandson 's face , come to rest on he other temple : make sure he 's still watch the softball diamond now . the grandfather 's right hand : miss a index and middle finger . 20 21 22 23 24 kingdom 8/18/06 10 . ext . compound softball diamond - same moment 20 panic . the Officer swing the yellow gun -shape , what we now realize be a electric drill crudely modify into something else , bashes the pitcher 's face with it . that that have gather have turn , be sprint-stumbling away ... the Officer close he eye , depress the drill trigger , vanish before we comprehend the massive release of blue - black chaos , expand in a ever- wider sphere . immediate surroundings dissolve : player , parent , stand , car , the light standard surround the field and parking lot . ext . cinder -block concession stand - same moment 21 locate behind straight - a- way center field , at the nexus of four field . we see it from profile as shock - wave and shrapnel blast the structure : another Officer hide behind it stagger out now , sprawl ugly : balance fuck from a blow inner-ear . he also wear a jacket , and hold a modify yellow plastic power drill . move uneasy toward scream in the nearby parking lot . ext . softball diamond parking lot - next moment 22 the off - balance Officer stop over a 30 year - old African - american woman pin under a Toyota . she hyperventilate , she bare leg and open-toed sandal kick at air . the Officer 's breathe calm : the sight of expose skin as divine reassurance . close - up : the vent rear of the drill as the 14.4 volt motor spark blue . a second blue-black explosion that shred the parking lot as car smash into one another desperate to escape . ext . adjacent STREET - next moment 23 panicked woman walk dog . frozen . a Police land cruiser with bullet - scar window roar around the corner . stop near the woman . they smile : cavalry to the rescue . then a man with lean out the window with a ar - 15 : point- blank staccato . tracers exit body , drill asphalt . the land cruiser roll , spraying pass home indiscriminate ... int . jacked land cruiser - next moment 24 tearing through the street , passenger fire at all sign of life . sit back for a lightning - quick re-load . leans back out -- before he can begin fire again - 25 26 27 kingdom 8/18/06 11 . ext . compound STREET - same moment 25 - another Police land cruiser from nowhere hammer they Driver 's side . vicious . the passenger be launch out he window , head - first into the curb . both vehicle smoke - screech . momentary pause after the a massive collision . then sergeant haytham , 9 mm in -hand , fall from the second land cruiser . stalk bloody to the passenger side of the jack land cruiser still slowly roll backwards , leak all it 's vital fluid , it 's snap drive - shaft leave a groove in the pavement . and sergeant haytham empty he clip into the interior while walk along side . the Officer haytham tell to ' move , 's rip himself from the passenger 's side of they vehicle , bleed profusely , scream something unintelligible into he handheld radio . ext . unknown roof top - same moment 26 just the youngest grandson 's horrify eye : he have no choice but to see it all , carnage paint permanently . his face still hold tight between he grandfather 's hand . in Arabic : grandfather ( 0.c . ) we time be not a peaceful one . God have leave it to we to make it so . hold on that deep , young , brown eye . that young brown eye finally blink . CUT to : int . WASHINGTON DC elementary school - later 27 everyone eat snack that the fleurys bring . Kevin 's the center of attention . fleury 's pass out juice box . fleury 's cell phone vibrate . tight on the id : 911 . fleury 's mid-juice - pass , answer he phone at the same time . Kevin look to he dad , already grimace . fleury walk away from the kid . ronald fleury ( surprised ) Fran ? kingdom 8/18/06 12. we hear Fran 's voice as though we be on the line with he : raspy - rag , like he 's be cry . fran ( 0.s. ) you get this yet ? ronald fleury hey , I be at Kevin 's school . what 's goin 's on ? fran ( 0.s . ) I be sorry , brother . ( beat ) riyadh . many Dead . fleury 's demeanor shift to hard immediately . ronald fleury where exactly ? fran ( 0.s . ) the Al - rahmah western house compound . oil company employee . hit a company picnic . ronald fleury how ? fran ( 0.s. ) big. Broad daylight . blew up a softball game . ( tear ) kid , brother . fleury look at the kid eat and laugh . kevin fleury dad ? fleury smile best he can at he Son . into the phone : ronald fleury when ? fran ( 0.s . ) just go off -- twenty minute ago . two bomber . a shooter crew as diversion ... it 's just awful . ronald fleury Fran , I be rollin’ right now . let I call you back : i_gotta ring bell kingdom 8/18/06 13. fran manner ( 0.s. ) go. i’1ll be here . fleury hang up , walk to Kevin , kneel down - oblivious to everyone watch . ronald fleury Son , I gotta go to work . kevin fleury we be gonna do ceramics ... ronald fleury I gotta go to work ... kevin fleury ( point to the phone ) who be that ? ronald fleury Big Fran -- you remember he ? kevin fleury ( beat , think ) uncle Fran ? put peanut in he Coke so he could drink and eat all at the same time ? ronald fleury ( smile ) where he 's from in South Carolina that 's call fine -dine , Bud . kevin fleury what happen ? ronald fleury ( beat ) something bad . kevin ( impression of he dad ) ' lotta bad people out there ... 's ronald fleury ( smile , already homesick ) I love you . kiss he boy 's forehead hard . kevin fleury you gonna go see he ? 28 kingdom 8/18/06 14 . ronald fleury I be gonna try ... look at lyla who 's be through this drill too many time , know this face . Ronald can only give a little shrug , which lyla give right back . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) ( to lyla ) can you get a ride ? she nod yes . miss Ross nearby , surprised by this : miss ross where 's you husband go ? lyla fleury ex-husband , and God know . then a wave of fear ripple across she face . she hesitates , then call after he : lyla fleury ( cont 'd ) be safe . Ronald turn , give a little cheshire grin , put the phone back up to he ear . ext . al - rahmah housing compound blast site —- evening 28 the shattered softball diamond and parking lot . emergency light swirl from everywhere . acrid smoke . francis manner ( FBI legat , US embassy ) be giant . the kind of american that only grow in tiny southern hamlet . military whitewalls , short -sleeve , khaki docker , a thick casio G - shock , FBI credential visible on a chain . hang up he phone . lift he eye : Hell from one side of the frame to the other . Saudi team set up portable light that bathe the horror in industrial incandescent . column of black smoke . fleet of emergency vehicle . 100 uniform man . another 200 in bio-suit comb the ball field , the parking lot . Fran have to do something / anything . move through the horror with he now . his hand shake , he face already dirty with soot . jump in with a Saudi team pull a half - burn woman out of a smolder Range Rover . she fight they , gouging Fran 's face , try to get back in . she be the woman we meet at the gate of the compound . she want she baby . 29 kingdom 8/18/06 15 . Fran bloody , just kind of step away from the woman . leave the Saudi emergency team to fight with she . back away until he feel grass under he foot . the woman 's scream reverberate . Fran just sit in the grass . stare at the woman , she shattered soul . force himself to look away . eye come to rest on a child 's baseball cap : rag hole ringed with black stain : where blood dry on the blue feel . voice ( 0.c. ) ( immediately behind ) Fran . you gotta stand Big man ... Fran turn to find rex burr : 5 x'y '' fireplug . a long silence . Fran point to the hat : francis manner rex , how old be you when you hat be that small ? we watch tear well in rex 's eye ... rex burr you gotta stand , Big man . Fran do . wipe he hand on he pants . slack - jaw hopeless . the first moment in what will be week of reverse - engineering the murder of unknown dozen . he and rex step to a group of walking - wounded . a neighbor dole out mug of coffee . most everyone from the compound be out , ponder the proximity . saudi emergency team sprint past . Fran spit , settles in : francis manner we need to get everyone back , then get all they - something huge explode over they shoulder , 50 yard away . the attack 's coup de grace : wait for people to lift up they head , hit they again . five time the size of the suicide bomb . shred emergency vehicle , nearby home and apartment building . kill Saudi rescuer by the bushel . Fran be crush by a fly portable light standard . rex be blow into the man hand out coffee . the walk wounded get decimate . ext . al - rahmah housing complex - next moment 29 slowly lift up and hold on Al - rahmah as it burn . Black smoke and flame pour skyward from the site of the coup de grace explosion . massive crater . scream . Chaos postcard . 29 a 29b 29c 29d kingdom 8/18/06 16 . ext . WASHINGTON , DC house - day 29 a establish shot . int . fran manner 's WASHINGTON , DC house - day 29 B fleury sit with glenda manner ... a toy remote- control robot come into the room . Little teddy manner ( 5 ) peek he head around the corner of a door . glenda it be ... I do not know what time it be ... the dishwasher 's break ... I be wait for the dishwasher ... the doorbell ring - I think it be ... it be not the dishwasher guy ... it be not . it be not . glenda break down , start to completely lose it . her little boy teddy climb up onto he mother . int . fran manner 's house - teddy 's room - later 29 C fleury sit on the bed with little teddy look at a beautiful black and white photo of Fran hold a new bear teddy up over he head . Eye to eye . Little teddy show fleury he toy helicopter . his dad 's soldier boot . fleury can not take it . int . fran manner 's house - live room - later 29d fleury stand with glenda . fleury glenda , I want you to look at I . a pause : fleury freeze up on a shock of raw emotion , struggle to contain himself . fleury ( cont 'd ) please ... I be go to take care of this . whoever do this ... I give you my word . whoever do this will pay . I can not change this , but I can promise you that I will make someone pay for this . 30 31 kingdom 8/18/06 17 . int . hoover build , FBI headquarters - day , EST 30 startle quiet in contrast . agent cluster beneath 32 - inch television suspend from the ceiling . tun to Al - Jazeera , CNN , BBC , etc . most eye focus on the double - bloody scoops from CNN . volume low : CNN reporter .-.- 1 hour ago : blast in Saudi Arabia , in or around the ' Al - rahmah 's western housing complex near riyadh . more than 100 fear dead , include child . the Saudi foreign Minister have release a statement call this a ' heinous act possibly commit by foreigner ... 's BBC reporter ..- home to thousand of westerner and other non - Saudis who work in the Kingdom , there have be several attack on this compound in the last five year . as such , they have become very tight in term of security , with both the Saudi National Guard and police take command . fleury walk under the television . a folder in -hand , head down a long hallway , subordinate he fury to task - — at -hand . int . command & tactical operation CENTER ( ctoc ) - next 31 moment fleury enter , step to a podium , open he folder . 50 Agents seat lecture hall - style . steam from fifth , sixth cup of coffee . plasma screen behind show still - image of the crime cribbe from Al - Jazeera . throughout the scene , fleury constantly refer to a roster of he ert . ronald fleury number so far : 100 + dead , 200 + injure . the target be a softball game . rumor be the killer wear Saudi police uniform . ( beat ) special agent Fran manner be kill . kingdom 8/18/06 18 . janet maye , 29 year - old , stifles a sob in the front row . fleury step from behind the podium , put a hand gently on Janet 's shoulder , lean in and whisper something no one but Janet hear . whatever he word , they give back she composure . she nod . ronald fleury ( cont ’d ) so be rex burr from State . fleury let the news absorb as he step back to the podium . no one say a thing . fleury lift he eye again , real trouble maintain control ... ronald fleury ( cont ’d ) Fran be the best among we ... we will feel this loss the rest of we day ... ( beat , moment to regroup ) grant , take stab at bomb size . grant syke . 50 year - old . Virginia State trooper before join the FBI . Law -and -order formidable : sharp -smart charlottesville accent . Studies the image for a beat ... grant syke from the crater , look like they use a High explosive ... possibly military grade : can not fit that much tnt into a vest . 20 , 30 pound of petn : they get it . semtex or C - 4 : they could get it . the third there , God know ... that crater look like a plane drop a 500 - pounder ... ronald fleury obviously a secondary blast after the initial device use to lure first responder to the scene . do not know anything about where or what it be yet . grant syke this be how they do it . adam leavitt . 34 year - old , seek -after investigator . there 's a constant , intense grind to this guy , a mind and mouth incapable of quiet . he pace around the room , then eagle - eye the bomb image ... start surge - scrawling crude diagram of the blast site on a piece of loose leaf . feel more like nervous doodling than work . not look up from he draw : kingdom 8/18/06 19 . adam leavitt I already know the answer , but any chance in Hell we get to go over there , use we hand ? ronald fleury if you already know the answer Adam , why ask the question ? fleury circle leavitt 's name on the roster . leavitt never stop draw . syke we be not see this kind of plan and execution anywhere else ... this be not hot - wire artillery shell wait for Humvees to roll by . ( point at the screen ) this hit be coordinate : plan , timing , and big , broad - daylight ball - janet maye ( almost trance - study the image ) yeah , so ... do they all happen during daylight ? another great question . fleury look over to agent # 1 on he immediate right , a egg-head type with a big binder in front of he . everyone 's eye follow . agent # 1 flip quickly through the binder , back - and - forth , search . fleury cross he name off of he roster . then : agent # 1 yes . at least the first part of the attack . everyone smell it : that 's big -- more proof this attack be be carry out by one , very skilled terror cell . janet maye we have two other ... North of riyadh and the oil thing . what be that ? adam leavitt the refinery ... ras tenura refinery . janet maye yeah , south of jeddah . same thing : daylight , suicide bomber . right ? ( more ) kingdom 8/18/06 20 . janet maye ( cont 'd ) same thing . follow by machine gun crew . collect and kill . adam leavitt yup . ronald fleury this be not new in concept . it be new in scope . it 's bigger . very sophisticated . Command and control be flawless . they find the large kill zone they could and they do it ... they do it by be patient . adam leavitt any rumor or confirmation of uniform be use in the other two attack ? fleury circle Mayes 's name on the ert roster . agent # 1 ( from memory ) no . I know this be the first for that . grant syke that 's ' worst case scenario 's if you be still ask for my stab , Sir . a crew who can build bomb this big , with this level of eye - on control and detonation coordination ... have access to Saudi uniform now ... I mean ... baby Jesus . leavitt anyone take credit ? fleury check from he note . fleury Abu hamza . Saudi Al - Qaeda . Bin - laden-wanna-be . we know he be in Afghanistan , then move to Iraq . now he seem to have come home . he 's clearly become increasingly active ... adam leavitt if it be hamza , he 's definitely turn up the volume over there . ( more ) kingdom 8/18/06 21 . adam leavitt ( cont 'd ) not to beat a dead horse , Sir , but if there be ever a time to get boot on Saudi sand ... syke study leavitt with what be best describe as substantial skepticism . fleury circle syke 's name on he roster . janet maye they can not afford to appear as if they be lose any kind of control . they lose control over they country , they people ... then they risk lose control over the oil . they will not let we in . no way . fleury 's p.0o.v. : his open folder on the podium . a memo print on Department of State letterhead . pull the memo , read it aloud , calm lace with rage . ronald fleury from the State Department , one hour ago : ' we be in agreement with the Saudi security assessment that any additional american presence on Kingdom soil represent reckless risk . therefore it be the Secretary of State 's position that only after the situation have be evaluate and contain , should the Federal Bureau of investigation activate rapid deployment . 's ( fold the memo ) the National Security advisor and the Attorney General agree . ( beat ) I be go to get we access . keep you go bag hot . it 's gonna come fast . leavitt stare at fleury as he move fast out of the room . adam leavitt ( beat ) well ... I guess he 's gonna go get we some access . ( beat ) how 's he gonna do that ? syke just hard - eye leavitt . 31a see 29a - 29d ( move , not omitted ) 31a 32 kingdom 8/18/06 22 . int . saudi national guard prison - unknown time 32 colonel al - ghazi , Saudi Police , 45 year - old , mustache as thick as syke 's . a firecracker - loud crack make he flinch . he stand in the back of the room , not participate in the interrogation . just observe . clearly not happy about what he 's observe . his Pov : the Officer from the second land cruiser that ram the fake and kill that inside , sergeant haytham . slab - cuffed and be work over hard buy a couple of thick - fisted saudis .. Silent tear roll off he cheek , leave ear split ghastly . a man stand far right of he beat he : the firecracker sound again . Al - ghazi look away , bite he tongue . obviously want this over . in-charge of the interrogation : general abdul malik . he do not appear sadistic , but very determine to get the truth from sergeant haytham by any mean necessary . that distinction blur easily . malik give a ' hold - up 's signal . the follow exchange in Arabic : general abdul-malik no falsehood , sergeant haytham . what be you involvement ? sergeant haytham killing that I see responsible . general abdul-malik so none could be question ? sergeant haytham ( puzzle , angry ) I do not understand . a nod from General malik : another vicious crack . general abdul-malik you be bear and raise in suweidi - sergeant haytham - that be not a crime - general abdul-malik - it should be . sergeant haytham it 's not . kingdom 8/18/06 general abdul malik do you know Abu hamza ? sergeant haytham I do not . general abdul-malik you brother be kill fight the Americans . true or false ? sergeant haytham I be not my brother . general abdul-malik you brother -- sergeant haytham I be not my brother ! general abdul -malik true or - Al - ghazi interrupt . colonel al-ghazi he have answer the question . general abdul-malik we find six more uniform than you be assign in you possession -- that be a crime : especially when you consider the attacker wear we uniform ... sergeant haytham uniform ? General malik in haytham 's face : general abdul-malik Truth ! sergeant haytham I sweat . I will say it again because it be true . I need more uniform because I must change during shift ... look at my shirt . 23 . malik shoot Al - ghazi a unequivocal shut the fuck up hard then back on haytham . another nod , another crack . Al - ghazi , flinching , become more 33 34 35 kingdom 8/18/06 24 . general abdul-malik I be not interested in you sweat . sergeant haytham - then look at my jacket . please . permanent stain ... no matter how many time they be clean ... Colonel Al - ghazi grimace now , leave the room . int . saudi national guard - storage - next moment 33 we follow . Al - ghazi hustling into a evidence storage room . search . find a locker label ' haytham . 's open it . pull out several shirt still in the plastic dry - clean sheath : yellow , permanent stain on the armpit of each . int . saudi national guard prison —- interrogation room 34 Al - ghazi walk back into the room with the shirt , lay they down on the table in front of the General -- all business . colonel al-ghazi he 's tell the truth . the only sound for a long , unsettle moment : sergeant haytham 's labor breathe . malik look at the shirt , then Al - ghazi , hesitates , step away . general adbul-malik you be injure when you use you vehicle to protect you country . do you understand ? Al - ghazi move in , begin uncuffing haytham 's bloody - raw wrist , hard - eyeing malik the whole time . this man clearly do not like each other . ext . saudi national guard prison - later 35 Al - ghazi and haytham sit alone . Al - ghazi smoke . haytham look down at he foot . colonel al-ghazi look at I , haytham . haytham slowly look up at Al - ghazi . 36 kingdom 8/18/06 colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) you save life today . I believe that . you serve you country . I believe that . haytham I love my country . colonel al-ghazi I believe that , haytham ... haytham hold Al - ghazi 's eye a good long beat ... haytham I love my country ... Al - ghazi slow nod . colonel al-ghazi ( beat , break eye- contact ) you will have you revenge for what need to be do to assure they you be not involved . haytham never blink . eye hard . stoic. clear . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. street - noon grace look like a barrel - chest lineman . a four-man 25 . 36 security detail behind . he and Ronald fleury walk side - by - side . Janet Mayes just behind they . director grace everyone 's terrify , so nothing move . paralysis . you and you team be not go anywhere . ( beat ) and this meeting be just a circle - jerk , ronnie : Attorney General Young 's go to go through the motion because protocol say we get a appeal . we ’1ll be on record , but expect nothing more . nothing from fleury . director grace ( cont ’d ) can you handle this ? keep you mouth shut when people way above you say thing you 'il hate ? 37 kingdom 8/18/06 26 . ronald fleury ( beat ) yeah , sure . no problem . director grace ( be : Janet ) what about agent Mayes ? ronald fleury ask she . director grace ( to Janet ) what about you ? janet maye I will be fine . int . attorney general gideon young's office - noon 37 fleury , Grace and Mayes enter . handsomely decorate , expansive : a lifetime of notable handshake frame in black and white . the biggest be a picture of Young and billy Graham that could be title , ' lucky for you , we have all the answer . 's gideon Young sit behind he federalist - era oak desk : a marathoner 's build , a smile too bright - perfect for he age . two other in - attendance . a pear-shape 54 year - old man with a Midwest -honest , ruddy - oval face : Ellis Leach , Assistant Secretary , Bureau of near Eastern affair , Department of State and a 51 year - old Hispanic woman in conservative chanel : enough femininity without diminish toughness : maricella canavesio , deputy National Security advisor , White House director grace I apologize if we be late - gideon young they be early . director grace you know special agent fleury ? gideon young I do . kingdom 8/18/06 27 . director grace this be agent Janet Mayes , she 's one of we Arabic expert . Janet stare at Young , look mildly in over she head . gideon young ok . the latest . Grace sit , nod to fleury : you be up ... ronald fleury two suicide bomber . rumor they be dress as Saudi Police . we believe this be the work of Saudi terrorist name Abu hamza . Young just stare at fleury kind of odd like a kid stare at a mushroom flavor popsicle . gideon young go on . fleury continue : ronald fleury a shooter crew serve as distraction . after the initial attack there be a lull to allow Saudi emergency team ... and we own attaches ... to collect . then a secondary blast be trigger , aim at that first responder . so they target family and rescuer with one attack . ( mildly sarcastic : ) I think that 's a clear signal that they definition of ' enemy 's be expand . maricella canavesio my God . gideon young let we never forget how cheap life be over there . now ... I have seven minute before my next meeting , so who 's talk first ? ( to fleury and Grace , slow like a kindergarten teacher : ) you two digested the memo ? kingdom 8/18/06 28. stoic nod from each . Ellis Leach raise he hand , that 's world away from Young 's . ellis leach I will go first if that 's okay maricella ? ( off she ' yeah , sure 's nod ) first , I be sorry about Fran manner . gideon Young remember , nod along solemnly . director grace as we be about rex burr . ellis leach I meet with Prince thamer at the Saudi embassy fifteen minute after I hear this morning 's news . after speak with thamer , I advise we withhold additional US personnel because a big part of the religious justification for this bomb be the presence of current US personnel . more boot on Saudi soil make a already combustible situation more so . I know that 's not the answer you want , but ... motion to maricella : the floor be yours . maricella canavesio my two cent : the Saudis have not ask for FBI help . sound like they have do just the opposite . if we force the issue , that could further anger a utterly important ally that share a 1000 - mile long border with Iraq . gideon young ( to Grace and fleury ) it 's all rock -solid logic . director grace ( beat ) we would just like to be on record as say we think we should go asap - — gideon young that 's not go to happen a tone kingdom 8/18/06 29 . Young stand : we be do . fleury 's look : that 's it ? Young 's already collect he briefcase , jacket - gideon young ( cont ’d ) ( mock sincerity to the room : ) - so as we present this to the public , let 's - as best we can - try to view this through a FBI agent 's eye . ( beat ... to Grace : ) and please let I know if there 's anything else we can do for you . meeting seem over . not quite . fleury can not keep he mouth shut . ronald fleury Sir , how would you imagine it look view through a FBI agent eye ? gideon young pardon I ? ronald fleury I be interested in how you think this situation be view through we eye . Young , eye on a Republican - gold rolex , instantly perturb the meeting be not end . gideon young it 's some variation on vengeance ... when one of you own be kill , Agents lose they analytical power - kind of a great strength , great weakness thing ... ronald fleury if I want vengeance , I would have whisper ' rex burr 's into Ellis 's ear right when we walk in . ( beat ) eye migrate to fleury -- ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) this be not terrorism , mar ’am . it 's just serial murder . maricella canavesio what 's the distinction ? kingdom 8/18/06 30 . ronald fleury to call this massacre a act of terrorism ... that imply a specific political agenda . to I , this killing be so futile and unbalance that they feel utterly sociopathic - more like Charles Manson than Osama Bin Laden ... fleury look to Mayes . she clear she throat . deliver the follow with utter precision . janet maye ( beat , fuck it : go ) Al Qaeda lose the first phase of this war , so a new , zero - sum phase have begin : if you will not join we , we will let loose the truly talented murderer ... Abu hamza . he will kill so many of you that the result humiliation of the Saudi Royal family will cause a exodus , a rebellion , both . because the Royal family simply cannot protect you or yours any longer . fleury study Janet with solid respect . he give Janet a subtle nod : '' Nice work . '' ronald fleury when she say talented , she 's not talk about the walk - bomb who can sneak past any and all security , nor the hi-jacker tough enough to take a airliner . we be talk about the man who teach them_how ... janet maye -- the operational commander who organize , train , plan , encourage . that be who we be fight . ronald fleury if we do not get inside Saudi Arabia within 36 hour , there be no chance we catch the killer responsible for Al - rahmah . none . 38 kingdom 8/18/06 31 . ellis leach okay . I believe it all . so do not you team in that country represent the kind of target one of this ' Masters 's would die for ? Trade ten of they own for one of you ? ronald fleury to not engage this criminal out of fear for we personal safety be just another way of say ' uncle . 's fleury take another deep breath . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) I all say it another way : evidence start to go cold after twenty four hour . if we can not get in now , we will not find the man or man responsible for this crime . we could not do it at khobar ; we could not do it in Yemen ; we have barely scratch the surface in Iraq . and we be on verge of not do it here . they be get stronger , we be get weaker . I just lose a very good friend and I would very much like to go and do my job . beat . gideon young ( chuckle ) that be spirite ... let 's all thank God special agent fleury do not make policy decision . he have turn the FBI into patton 's third Army . Young stand . fleury contemplate career -end violence . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - day 38 Janet , fleury and Grace walk the row of seven - foot bronze soldier . Street - cart hotdog from foil wrapper . director grace ( to fleury ) I see the look in you eye . that look be trouble : old school , play ground shit , vengeance ... kingdom 8/18/06 32 . ronald fleury it 's not vengeance . director grace it be not justice . it 's stronger . we have all be there . I have . Vengeance be always dirty , ronnie . ronald fleury I just can not sit this out . I can not watch this not get deal with . not again . ( a beat ... ) know what my high school football coach use to say to I ? director grace what ? ronald fleury '' hit something . '' all night long , coach Bailey would scream '' hit something . '' every play . director grace that 's good coach . ronald fleury I be fix to go hit something , boss . you with I ? director grace how you gonna do it ? ronald fleury the Saudis covet good pr as much as they oil : 15 of 19 hijacker on 9 - 11 mean most Americans will never stop ask if that Saudi oil be worth it . it 's all about press . director grace few more move and it 's total War , ronnie . the only time treason be palatable be when it 's do righteously and completely ... fleury digest Grace 's word : moment pass . then he look to Janet . janet maye oh , I be in ... not a question . I be definitely go . 39 kingdom 8/18/06 33 . int . local coffee joint - 5:30 pm , EST 39 Elaine Flowers , senior correspondent , Washington Post : coffee amp would , deep black raccoon eye - heavy wrinkle khakis . fleury sit across from she . we have enter mid-scene : ronald fleury what 's you take ? elaine flowers look like every overthrow in history : once the guy with the gun be no longer trustworthy , the government 's day be numbered . ronald fleury White House call you with a spin ? elaine flowers you kid ? we do not talk since I break the vice President 's guy cooking dirty intel on Iran . they hate I . what 's up , fleury ? ronald fleury how hard you gonna hit the Royal family in you column tomorrow ? elaine flowers with a sledgehammer . ronald fleury with the bombing ? or other thing ... elaine flowers what 's '' other '' than the bombing ? ronald fleury I know you be tracking Al haramain . elaine flowers be that what you want to talk about ? Saudi official make donation that end up ... what ? blow up train in Paris ? bus in London ? ronald fleury sometimes . seem that just might happen . ( more ) kingdom 8/18/06 34 . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) we get some other stuff : miss girl out of a Houston four season Hotel that be heavily populate by some '' Saudi official . '' Little thing ... Flowers eye go wide . smiling ... elaine flowers murder ... hooker ... Houston ? can I take some note ? ronald fleury I be not say that . elaine flowers be you say anything ? ronald fleury I need a favor . elaine flowers I do not do favor , ronnie . ronald fleury when it 's real and it will be real ... i’1l come to you with what we have first . it 's yours . exclusive . elaine flowers ok . ronald fleury you call thamer at the embassy . tell he that the FBI be get real close to lay out some major Saudi VIP indictment relate to newly uncover charity financing out of a Boston investment firm . we be gonna freeze a lot of Saudi cash and roll out some major embarrassment . elaine flowers can I mention Houston ? ronald fleury it 's a free world , baby . ask he to comment . elaine flowers he will not . kingdom 8/18/06 35 . ronald fleury tell he that I be run the investigation . elaine flowers ok . ronald fleury tell he that I be not the nicest kid on the block . elaine flowers that would be accurate . ronald fleury I want fifteen minute with he tonight . elaine flowers wow. ok . and I get what ? ronald fleury I come to you first . no one else . elaine flowers what 's really go on here , ronnie ? you go strong over Fran manner ? fleury just stare at she . ronald fleury I be just try to do my job , Elaine . that 's it . call thamer . elaine flowers I all see what I can do . ext . willard HOTEL - WASHINGTON DC - night 40 frenetic doorman - valet ballet . 2 black suburban with red - blue diplomatic plate swing onto the round -about . a bald , waif -like 38 year - old Saudi man get out of the lead vehicle . fleury wait outside , eye on he watch . to thamer : ronald fleury get back in . 4l kingdom 8/18/06 36 . int . diplomatic suburban - moment later 41 a big bodyguard sit up front . fleury sit in back , aim the ac vent he way . Prince thamer sit next to he . Bright light from the trail suburban illuminate the interior . Prince thamer look more than a bit baffle . ronald fleury too many people we both know be at the bar . it 's a pleasure to meet you , you highness . prince thamer I have a interesting conversation with a reporter from the Post . ronald fleury she can be a bit of a exaggerator ... I be sure thing be somewhat over-state . I see myself as friend of Saudi Arabia . I just need a little cooperation , that 's all . prince thamer what kind of cooperation ?? ronald fleury full cooperation : my team clear to land at Prince sultan Air base . tomorrow . we want to help in a very muscular way , quickly . prince thamer next month would be as soon as ... fleury take a beat . ronald fleury this go one of two way . first : the FBI with the White House go on the kind of aggressive pr '' Saudi Royal family decaye monarchy '' bender that just can not help but hurt . really hurt . and I do not care how many chinese be line up to buy the oil . you know it 's gonna hurt . prince thamer my family be not decaye - kingdom 8/18/06 37 . ronald fleury and then we bring the hammer down hard as hell : bust Al haramain - we get direct link from riyadh - two wife donate ten million to three arab - american cultural center in Boston . then what get kind of not - funny be how some of that cash find its way to jakarta and some mosque that have this training camp build right next to they . it 's kinda funny ... you get little kid play over here , and some not so little kid play with gun over here . that 's kinda odd . prince thamer you have no proof of this . ronald fleury we be get there , Sir . and I have not even bring up the two girl still miss out of Houston . this be big . it be real . and I know you only care so much about public american opinion , Sir . but the story will be cover ... Big ... thamer be clearly rattle . fleury be start to crack this man . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) and this be not the Metro section . it 's above the fold , just below the date . word like this get syndicate to papers like the omaha World - Herald , the Terrell tribune -- you ever be to Terrell , Texas ? prince thamer what be you point ? fleury look back to he . ronald fleury last I hear , 112 people lose they life in you country . one of they be a good friend of mine . I want in and I want in immediately . that 's a rock solid answer . 42 kingdom 8/18/06 38 . prince thamer define '' immediately . '' ronald fleury right now immediately . fleury look back at the ambassador . a stare down . fleury if you phone do not work international , you can borrow mine . Prince thamer slowly reach for he phone as fleury open he door . fleury ( cont 'd ) I 'il just be right out here . ext . diplomatic suburban - moment later 42 fleury wait . intense . the window roll down , thamer look up at fleury . the follow be fast , tight negotiate : prince thamer ( try to maintain cool ) we cannot allow 100 agent - ronald fleury - 4 . with a 25 - man security detail - prince thamer - even 25 more armed Americans could spark rebellion - ronald fleury that 's too bad . prince thamer Saudi Security . that 's non negotiable . you can not bring gun into the Kingdom . ronald fleury Men in Saudi Police uniform be why we be talk now . prince thamer they would be hand pick . 42a 43 kingdom 8/18/06 39 . ronald fleury whose hand ? prince thamer mine . fleury blink . prince thamer ( cont 'd ) trust I ... that 's the only hope of this happen . fleury if anything happen to I or my team ... it 's on you . understood ? prince thamer cool it with the John Wayne , Mr. fleury . fleury just stare . prince thamer ( cont 'd ) you can have a week - ronald fleury - seven - day or work - week ? prince thamer work week . five day . no gun . hand shake . ext . saudi shack - night , saudi time 42a no '' charm . '' corrugate tin . a fade blue plywood door . no one in sight . on the side of the house : a _ batter satellite dish ... int . saudi shack - night , saudi time 43 a tiny frame Saudi National flag in the middle of a wall : green with a white sword underline script that read : there be no God but Allah . no other decoration . the none-too- muffle sound of traffic : a lone window overlook a four-lane boulevard . then the athan ( call to prayer ) for the isha ( last of the five daily prayer ) trump the traffic noise . 44 kingdom 8/18/06 40 . sergeant haytham enter , bandage , blank , then a small smile cross he face . a old man 's weathered voice , in Arabic : old voice ( 0.c. ) just in time . haytham 's p.o.v. : his father , glass -frail , lie in a bed , a small tv nearby , on but soundless . haytham go into a routine : roll out two prayer mat , step to he Father , reach down to pick he up . his Father ready himself -- stop everything when he see the bandage up close , the black bruise with outer ring of purple cover 1 / 2 of he Son 's cheek . look into he boy 's eye . haytham 's father what happen ? haytham not return the gaze , hoist he Father into he arm -- pain shoot up he arm from he damage wrist . sergeant haytham you have not hear about the attack ? haytham 's father I choose not to listen anymore . what happen to you face ? sergeant haytham ( beat ) a attack today . haytham 's father look at I . haytham look into he father 's eye now . no word . haytham 's eye well with tear . after a long silence : haytham 's father ( cont ’d ) be this how they now treat the man who protect they ? can you look at I ? you cannot , can you ? can you look at yourself ? haytham stare at he father . haytham 's father ( cont 'd ) you be protect the true enemy of God . int . al - ghazi ’'s house - same 44 45 46 47 kingdom 8/18/06 41 . intercut with the haytham scene : Al - ghazi sit on pillow on the live room with he wife and three daughter . a television be on , play '' man sayarbah al milioun '' the Arabic '' who want to be a millionaire . '' Al - ghazi 's child be play a game with peas , try to guess which one of he hand Al - ghazi be hide the pea . when a girl guess correctly , he eat a pea . from outside , we hear the call to prayer . Al - ghazi and he family all move to prayer mat in he live room . int . one room apartment - same 45 haytham continue carry he Father to the prayer mat . gently set he down , kneel down himself , carefully roll he dad to he stomach . then stand to help tuck he Father -- in obvious , great arthritic pain -- into a kneel prayer position . kiss he father on the top of he head . and both pray . int . al - ghazi ’'s house - same 46 Al - ghazi praying with he family . ext . andrews AIR force base - midnight 47 a load - master buckle down two palett of shrink - wrap gear in the belly of a C - 130 . syke and leavitt sit on a stack of FBI palett , they foot gently tapping on batter forensic case . Mayes approach from the parking area . adam leavitt ( beat , be : Janet ) what be Fran manner to she ? grant syke he teach she how to shoot , she teach he most everything else . ( beat ) celebrate graduation at the IHOP in - town until some townie call Janet something ... something not very nice . townie do not see Fran come outta the head . but he definitely feel Fran 's uppercut shatter he jaw . kingdom 8/18/06 42 . adam leavitt Fran do not get bounce for that ? point to fleury 's dirty Jeep arrive . grant syke sac fleury take care of he . adam leavitt how ? grant syke if I know how I have be sac syke . I do know the post in riyadh be part of the deal fleury cut to save Fran 's career . leavitt look up at Mayes as she get within ear-shot , plop down next to they . adam leavitt ( beat ) what do sac fleury whisper in you ear this morning ? janet maye ( smart - ass smile ) ' grant 's age be a liability . 's the three turn as fleury approach . walk fast , clear sense of purpose . fleury thanks for volunteering . leavitt actually , I do not volunteer . fleury thanks anyway . leavitt we be go to riyadh ? fleury yup. syke State department say yes ? fleury nope . 48 49 kingdom 8/18/06 43 . leavitt White House say yes ? fleury nope . leavitt anybody say yes ? fleury not really . leavitt be we bring security ? fleury nope . fleury walk onto the plane . leave the three on the tarmac . leavitt this be go to suck so bad . and the three follow fleury onto the massive plane . omitted 48 int . C - 130 , airborne - later 49 Silent . just the lull of jet engine . the big , long boring be just beginning . Janet and leavitt play scrabble . syke sit nearby . fleury sit up front , wide awake . adam leavitt what can four people do in five day ? really ? grant syke be not you the one who demand to go this morning ? adam leavitt I mean the FBI . I do not mean " I . " small smile from leavitt . the scrabble continue ... 50 54 55 kingdom 8/18/06 44 . adam leavitt ( cont 'd ) ( to Janet ) what 's it like on the ground ? grant syke Mars . janet maye I 'il be look at with what I can only describe as disdain , pretty much the entire time we be on the ground ... kind of like South Virginia . grant syke go easy on my kin . janet maye it 's a very confuse culture . extremely religious . have nothing ; want nothing . sixty year ago , they hit oil . simple religious man become trillionaire ... a schizophrenic nation be bear . the royal family , who we back , and everyone else . intercut with the scrabble . omitted ( see 42a ) thru 53 50 ext . palace ground - night , saudi time 54 Three -suburban convoy turn up a driveway , wave past a guard post bristle with automatic weapon and into the circular drive of a massive , wall palace . impersonal wealth . two dozen sang troops on security detail . two Humvees equip with anti-aircraft missile park 100 yard apart . Colonel Al - ghazi out of the middle suburban . frisk by sang , rough : no love lose . int . impersonal palace - same moment 55 Al - ghazi be pass to a silent , boundless staff hold serve platter jamme with cup of mint tea . a mammoth foyer . 56 kingdom 8/18/06 45 . prince sa ’ad bin khale ( Saudi Interior Ministry ) step out from a 20 - foot high doorway : nebbish , thin , bloodshot eye magnify by thick glass . his hand over he stomach : napoleon 's ulcer . a quick wave to Al - ghazi . int . prince 's private office - next moment 56 10 's X 20 's gold / glass desk over a 50 's X 50 's rug in a 100 's X 100 's marble room . Al - ghazi greet the Prince formally : kiss the right shoulder near the clavicle . the Prince 's tongue chalk - white for some reason . in Arabic : prince bin khale four FBI Agents will be allow to land at Prince sultan Air base this evening . Al - ghazi : more than mild shock . prince bin khale ( cont 'd ) General Abdul - malik , Chief of investigative service for the National Guard have be put in - charge of solving this crime . clearly not sit well with Al - ghazi . colonel al-ghazi I know the General . I attend he interrogation of one of my man . ( beat , put it kindly : ) the General do not have investigative experience . prince bin khale attacker wear you uniform . Police uniform . some of you man may have be involved with this cell , may still be involved . you be lucky to have a role at all . Al - ghazi silent . the Prince pull a anti-acid tablet , put it in he mouth : that 's why he tongue be chalk - white . prince bin khale ( cont ’d ) and you role will be critically important : make sure the Americans leave we country as alive as when they arrive . five day they will be we guest . understood ? 57 kingdom 8/18/06 46 . int . C - 130 - night 57 final descent beginning . more star above than light below . landing in the middle of nowhere . syke sit near fleury , get he game - face on . grant syke what 's go on in there ? ronald fleury ( get he bearing ) I be good . syke put he hand on fleury 's chest . grant syke feel like you get a beast in there , fleury . ronald fleury ( beat ) I be good grant syke '' good '' be 6:00 be Sunday morning when you kid climb into you bed , bury himself into you ... sun 's creep through the window - soft . bird and wind -chime ... that 's '' good . '' a beat as fleury look at syke . ronald fleury I be ok ... you do not think I be ok ? grant syke ( small smile ) I think you be not entirely clear right now . that 's ok , but you get to know that . you want to go - we go . I get you , but you get to check yourself . ronald fleury I be check . grant syke ok . I be just check that you check . fleury stand up . 57a 58 59 kingdom 8/18/06 47 . int . c-130 cockpit - night , saudi time 57a fleury pop he head into the cockpit . two airforce pilot sit at the control . ronald fleury how we do ? pilot # 1 about a half hour out . ronald fleury they gonna let we land ? pilot # 1 we have be talk to they about a hour or so ... they know we be come . ronald fleury good . pilot # 1 you do not mind my ask , but what the hell you all gonna be do down there ? ronald fleury hunting ... pilot # 1 hunting ...? I think of hunt , I think quail in Tennessee , deer in Pennsylvania . what kind of hunt you all gonna do in Saudi ? ronald fleury Big game hunt . ext . massive , close down military complex - night 58 prince sultan AIR base , saudi arabia . we C - 130 touch down smooth on Saudi soil . int . c- 130 cargo hold - night , saudi time 59 engine wind down to nothing . the team stand , slinging bag over they shoulder . groggy but pump . fleury look at he team , last bit of advice before game - time . 60 kingdom 8/18/06 48. ronald fleury head on a swivel . ext . prince sultan airbase - night , saudi time 60 the cargo door lock into place on Saudi tarmac . fleury and the team outside the plane now , bag drop at they foot . 90 degree even this late . look -up : light wash over a small , formal Saudi military team in front of two casket drape in american flag , and a small convoy of bullet - proof black suburban . Adam leavitt will never forget this first glimpse of Saudi Arabia : surreal . tear in Janet 's eye as she glimpsis the casket . Colonel Al - ghazi step up , offer he hand to fleury . fleury and Al - ghazi shake : colonel al -ghazi Colonel Al - ghazi . ronald fleury special agent Ronald fleury . colonel al-ghazi ( beat : the casket ) you two fall comrade , Mr. manner and Mr. burr . Three man multi-task hustle to forklift , start they up . into the cargo hold , pull out palett . thing move orderly - fast now . the Americans just kind of step back , daze . colonel al - ghazi ( cont 'd ) passport and credential . please . sergeant haytham , drive one of the suburban , step forward with kevlar vest for we crew . colonel al -ghazi ( cont ’d ) thank you to keep this on whenever you be outside of Al - rahmah . janet maye we bring we own . the crew hit they bag , pull out they vest . another officer check each team member 's FBI badge and passport . stop at leavitt 's : a israeli stamp on he passport . leavitt 's quick : 61 kingdom 8/18/06 49 . adam leavitt israeli stamp in my passport ? colonel al-ghazi ( in Arabic to the Officer ) that be not we concern . Al - ghazi take the passport and badge , hand they back . colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) I be also to collect you sidearm . this be like hand over you first -born . fleury go first . haytham put each weapon in a padded case . grant syke and I usually just toss it on the kitchen table ... colonel al-ghazi ( small smile ) if each of you would please get into the middle vehicle . int . middle suburban , riyadh suburb - night 61 the speedometer at 110 m.p.h . haytham navigate with he leave hand . prayer bead hang from the rearview mirror . Al - ghazi in the passenger seat , right hand rub another set of prayer bead down to nub . the team in the back row : all stare at the prayer bead on the mirror . janet maye ( whisper to leavitt ) would not need the power a prayer if there be 2 hand on the wheel . adam leaviit 110 mile per hour ... how do you keep so calm ? I mean , really ? be it breathe -- janet maye -- shhhh .... ronald fleury if somebody be tailing we it have be obvious . this be just standard operate speed . Al - ghazi on the edge of he seat , no belt , scan for threat : sidewalk , traffic , rooftop . kingdom 8/18/06 50 . his leave hand hand wrap around the stock of a mp-5 machine gun . fleury take in a deep breath : let 's see who this guy be . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) Colonel , have you ever be to the US ? colonel al-ghazi I have be there only once . I spend four day at quantico ... I see you Michael Jordan play for the Washington wizard . small laugh . ronald fleury you do not know what you miss ... you should have see he play for we Chicago bull . fleury nod to syke , give he the go to start in with the bad cop . throughout the follow exchange , we stay tight on fleury : in control , use syke to ask the question he '' diplomatically '' do not want to ask . grant syke you have portable light on -scene ? colonel al-ghazi ( lose he smile ) yes . but you team can not work night . Janet look to leavitt , then fleury : ' what do he say ? 's fleury look to syke , ' keep go ... 's grant syke we only have seven day : we work around the clock . colonel al-ghazi five day . and you be not safe at night . grant syke we be safe during the day ? fleury be about to step in when - colonel al - ghazi ( in Arabic , shocking ) watch it - slow ! kingdom 8/18/06 51 . a truck 200 yard ahead in the middle of a abrupt u-turn . over the median . Dust cloud . head back we way . something big in the truck 's bed . we vehicle shimmy as Al - ghazi flinch , drop he prayer bead . mp - 5 up to the Colonel 's sight - line , muzzle tracking the truck . leavitt lean away from he window as the vehicle pass : streetlight show two farmer , a camel sit in the bed . miss they leave turn . a long , nearly comical moment . adam leavitt ( smartass ) I do not like camel . fleury cycle through different angle . continue : ronald fleury Colonel , do you believe Abu hamza be responsible for this attack ? colonel al-ghazi we do not know . ronald fleury be Saudi Police involved in the attack ? colonel al-ghazi we do not know that either . ronald fleury any word on what that third big blast be ? Al - ghazi get tired of the question : exhaust himself . colonel al-ghazi not yet . grant syke you interview witness ? colonel al-ghazi ( short - fuse burn ) we be try . no one who be close enough to see the thing we would like to know , live . grant syke be any of the uniform bomber brother - officer ? no answer . 62 63 kingdom 8/18/06 52 . grant syke ( cont ’d ) do you know yet ? no answer . team feel the tension . fleury step in and take charge . ronald fleury you do not know the source of the blast , do not know if you own officer be involved , but you will not let we work night ? Al - ghazi stanches a explosion . haytham look over at he Colonel : rarely ever see he like this . look in the rear - view mirror to see syke , the man give the Colonel fit . syke catch he look back , give he a quick wink into the mirror . tight on haytham 's face : the guilty little smile you give when someone take you boss to task . colonel al-ghazi 47 of my ' brother - officer 's be blow into hundred of piece that will take month to collect . 80,000 officer total , across the country , at four uniform apiece . thousands of people who can sew forgeries . apology that I do not have definitive answer . ( beat ) you be still not work night . fleury stay quiet , study , calculate , think : we get a handler that 's go to be tough to handle . omitted 62 int . gideon young 's office - evening rush hour , EST 63 director Grace already sit in front of Young 's desk . director grace good afternoon , Sir . Young say nothing , just pull a memo from he bag , clear he throat -- still no eye-contact -- read aloud like a poor man 's Orson Welles : gideon young ' sunlight be indeed the most powerful disinfectant . ( more ) kingdom 8/18/06 53 . gideon young ( cont 'd ) in that spirit I come before this Judiciary Committee with a painful admission . ( beat ) simply : I have lose all confidence in the FBI , especially it 's uppermost echelon . entrench and outmode , the Leadership have show itself fearful of the pioneer think this Committee and I have try to imbue . it be thus a Agency at contretemp , hinder we every effort . 's and by ' Committee 's I mean the fuck senate select committee on terror ... Young finally make eye contact : expect something like fear , remorse , back -pedall ... director grace Senators ? then I have change ' outmode 's to ' outdated , 's ' echelon 's to ' rank 's and what in God 's name be ' contretemp ? 's this guy be not the best and brightest - — Young 's face flash red , seethe : gideon young - never take the Lord 's name in vain in this office - director grace - but you can say ' Fucking ? 's Young apoplectic now : ready to end the director right there , when Grace lean in , let the vague threat of physical contact manifest . director grace ( cont 'd ) you be go to the Senate Select Committee , but not to the President who appoint you . why 's that ? ( beat ) I bet the President be not the audience you think he have be : i’1l bet he realize you can not have voter ask why the second - longest serve FBI director get fire for do he job , for send Agents into Saudi Arabia , seven month from mid-term election - 64 65 kingdom 8/18/06 54 . gideon young - you really want to bet ? Grace snap he id badge off he lapel , put it on the table . director grace i_do . Young 's pallor tell we he bluff have be call . go silent . Grace smell it , finish he now : director grace ( cont ’d ) Westmoreland make all we officer write we own obituary during Tet , when it look like the cong be go to end it all right there . once we clue - in that life be finite , the loss of it no longer scared we : the end come no matter what , it 's just a question of how you want to go out : on you foot or on you knee . after that , we go out and pull triggers until barrel melt . and Vietnam last another seven year . ( beat ) the lesson extend to this career : I act , know the end of this job will come , no matter what . you should do the same . Grace wait : nothing else from Young . stands , snap he id badge back on he lapel , walk out . director grace ( cont ’d ) I will forward fleury 's report . ext . outside al -rahmah housing complex - night , saudi time 64 the convoy brake impossibly close to a checkpoint . wave through perimeter staff by sang and Police . fatigue , automatic rifle , peer at the tinted window . int . middle suburban - next moment 65 Crew arrive at a crime - scene that span the immediate horizon . White tent with sang sit under each . industrial light outline shattered building , idle heavy equipment , bomb - out automobile . tight on maye look out . 66 67 kingdom 8/18/06 55 . janet maye that 's one of the great horror of television : crime scene manipulation . they say a tv camera add pound to actress . be not that what they say ? adam leavitt who 's '' they ? '' janet maye that be what they say . do not add to crime scene . Television camera shrink they . misrepresent . no smell . poor sound . Limited view . tv always make they look smaller . you can not feel the hatred on television . tight on fleury : quiet and focus , take everything in . fleury .-- head on a swivel , people . ext . al -rahmah community CENTER - next moment 66 two more security perimeter of sang surround the Community Center : blind portable light , heavy machine gun mount in the back of Humvees track the convoy as it come to a stop : every troop on -guard . the team tentatively exit : 100 pair of glare from heavily - armed sang . Soldiers descend on the team 's bag , palett of equipment . Long leer at Janet : not so much ' sexual 's as ' wary . 's Janet go for she own bag . haytham go for it at the same time . they hand accidently touch . haytham pull back fast , embarrassed . janet maye easy . Janet notice the nasty mark around haytham 's right ear . int . al - rahmah community CENTER - next moment 67 florescent light make it ugly . haytham dump duffel - bag by they bunk , sang stack steel travel - box from the palett inside . no window , ac cranke to ' coldest . 's Americans seal - in - in the name of comfort . kingdom 8/18/06 56 . Janet 's area make obvious with a floral partition . she immediately fold it , put it into a corner . haytham watch she undo he work . colonel al-ghazi the bathroom be through that door . I will be here tomorrow morning so we can begin . fleury what time tomorrow morning ? colonel al-ghazi sunrise . ronald fleury what time be sunrise ? colonel al-ghazi ( beat ) when I knock . Al - ghazi and haytham leave . the door close behind they , then the sound of a key turn in a lock . the Americans look on , half - disbelief , half - comedy : lock we in . grant syke that 's against fire code . janet maye they do not have fire code . they do not have code other than code of war . they 'il lock we in and dial up some kind of earth mover if they want to . you know that , syke . dig a big hole and push we in . fill it up and no one come call . you be in the jungle now , baby . silence as the crew digest this odd little verbal outage . adam leavitt ( smile ) you alright , girl ? janet maye watch it , boy . adam leavitt just ask ... janet maye unpack . kingdom 8/18/06 57 . everyone hit they own bag first . fleury ( to himself ) Saudi slow roll ... fleury pull out he laptop , wake it up from sleep mode . eye a photo of Kevin on he desktop , pick up the phone . lyla fleury ( on phone ) hello ? ronald fleury hey ... how be you ? how 's my boy ? lyla fleury we be just fine . how be you ? where be you ? ronald fleury I be here ... ( quick beat ) lemme talk to my boy . a beat as lyla pass the phone to Kevin . a beat ... kevin fleury ( 0.s. ) daddy ? fleury what you do ? kevin fleury ( 0.s. ) I be talk to you . what be you do right now , daddy ? right now ? fleury I be miss you . kevin fleury ( 0.s. ) where be you ? fleury I be in Saudi Arabia . kevin fleury ( 0.s. ) do you see Big Fran ? 68 silence . kingdom 8/18/06 58 . fleury yeah ... I see he ... ( pause ) I see he . kevin fleury ( 0.s. ) be he still tall ? fleury yeah ... yeah ... he 's still tall . -. as fleury take a beat to collect himself . kevin fleury ( 0.s. ) daddy ? be you still there ? fleury yeah , buddy . I love you . keep you eye on you mama . be the man . kevin fleury ( 0.s. ) you , too daddy . fleury I 'il call you tomorrow . I love you . kevin fleury ( 0.s. ) bye , daddy . fleury begin unpack . ext . al - rahmah community CENTER - 4:30 am 68 pre-dawn wait . : eight black suburban park on the side street : the door of the first four open in -unison . 20 arab , suite security guard exit . Al - ghazi dress , massive , from one sweat Chief of schmidt . unlock the door to the compound : the team stand wait . close - up : the team step out to see organize security . of the vehicle exit a middle age american -— a bit , hang back , watch . this be US deputy Mission , the embassy 's second - in - command : damon another 100 Security contractor remain vigilant : sniper on roof -top , in machine - gun nest . Schmidt approach fleury . kingdom 8/18/06 59 . schmidt ( big smile ) you be in so much trouble . fleury be that right ? schmidt for sure . I mean , I do not know how you do it . Nice work , but if you live through this , which I put at about fifty percent - if you do , you ball be gonna get stretch and beat on . dig that ? fleury stare at this freak show . Schmidt stick out a paw . schmidt ( cont 'd ) damon Schmidt . State Department . I be in charge of get you out of here . prince bin khale and he inner -circle exit a suburban and approach : all in traditional dress . the Prince lock eye with fleury . in the bg , forklift rumble -hiss to life , place Jersey barrier around the community center . schmidt ( cont 'd ) do not let go of he hand first . Major disrespect . one of the inner-circle , without a word , take off the FBI - emblazon windbreaker wear by leavitt and place it ona short - sleeve Janet . careful not to touch skin . only then do Prince Bin Khaled approach . a lone photographer follow : snap picture . different definition of personal space : four inch separation as Bin Khaled greet each team member in accented English . Janet last : the picture suddenly stop . the Prince give a little curtsy , no word , step back to fleury : the picture be - start . Bin Khaled hold fleury 's hand sixth - grade boyfriend - style . prince bin khale ( in Arabic ) this be we level of commitment to bring terrorist to justice : motion to the Americans . no more unflatter a portrait : pre-coffee , post -twelve hour flight , hour unpack ... kingdom 8/18/06 60 . as the camera start flash . angle on Al - ghazi and haytham place to stand next to the Americans . haytham clearly not comfortable with this kind of attention . prince bin khale ( cont ’d ) we have invite american legal official into we Kingdom despite current difficulty between the US and Islam . they will observe we advanced investigative technique , offer helpful hint . ( to fleury in English ) you will please honor I with you presence tonight at my home . ( beat , a stunt nod ) yes . the Prince turn back to the convoy . entire entourage follow . one of the Security contractor catch the jacket Janet hurl back at he , toss it to leavitt . convoy go . the team turn : 100 glare again . fleury blink out the camera flash , take in all the eyeball . fleury look up at a retreate damon Schmidt . schmidt Nice picture . you guy ready to go home now ? Dead eye from fleury . he 's clearly not amused . schmidt ( cont ’d ) ok . if you change you mind , I get a plane fuel up and ready to go - get you name all over it ... he point a finger gun at fleury . schmidt ( cont 'd ) strap you kevlar on tight , people . schmidt take off . syke by fleury . grant syke slow roll ... gonna be like when you go deep sea fishing in Florida and you pay seven hundred buck for the boat and you sit in the ocean for hour and the crew jump around and scream and point and you think you constantly about to bag a marlin but you never do and they keep point and jump and - kingdom 8/18/06 61 . fleury enough . haytham walk off by himself , shaking off the shady Royal photo vibe , look back at the Americans . from behind he : police officer you be willing to die to protect you enemy ? haytham turn . a older police officer stand with a group of sang twenty foot behind he , eyeing haytham . back to fleury : he look to Al - ghazi . ronald fleury what do the Prince say ? colonel al-ghazi ( beat ) that there be more rule than just not work at night . ronald fleury what rule ? colonel al-ghazi you be here as observer . not investigator . fleury try to remain cool . ronald fleury that 's not accurate -- Al - ghazi ignore fleury . colonel al - ghazi -- I need to make sure the site be secure . then you can begin observe . leavitt look around at the Security as Al - ghazi hustle off : adam leavitt ( to fleury ) how could they get more secure ? the team slowly realize they be not go anywhere yet , dump they bag in a pile , already disgust . in the distance , the group of sang stare back at we team . 68a 68b 69 kingdom 8/18/06 62 . int . location unknown - time unknown 68a hold on a empty 2 's X 1 's X 6 '' balsa wood box set on a dirty linoleum floor . ancient hand line the balsa wood box with brick of putty - gray plastic explosive . we immediately notice the right hand be miss the index and middle finger . the hand insert bright - red blast cap into the explosive , length of detonate - wire emanate from each cap . another set of stronger , young , in - tact hand gently pour a mixture into the box now . Ball bearing , child 's jack , marble , razor blade , roofing nail . everything malevolent density and angle . some piece bounce out , run along the floor . the young hand then start press / molding the piece of soon - to - be shrapnel into the putty - gray plastic explosive . ext . al -rahmah community CENTER - later 68b Al - ghazi and General malik stand outside . the athan sound for dhuhr . 100 soldier immediately drop to they knee . int . al -rahmah community CENTER hoop court - 9:00 am 69 tight on fleury : focus , think . syke next to he . 0.c. the athan sound again for dhuhr . syke well , this be go well ... fleury Saudi slow Roll . syke and fleury lean against the lock door , stare at the pathetic sight before they : Janet 's truly awful jumper ... that somehow swishes every time . before she land , cocky and smooth : janet maye good. 70 kingdom 8/18/06 63. then the metallic swish of the all - weather net . leavitt box out air for the non-existent rebound , grab the ball , chest - pass it great santini-hard back to Janet who softly suck in the pass . play in they cargo pants and hike boot . leavitt how do you do that ? Janet gently bounce - pass it back : janet maye check . leavitt do not say ' good 's again . Janet take the check from leavitt : before he can react , she drain a 30 - footer . same cockiness , different word : janet bueno . fleury with syke still stand in the same spot . look up : Al - ghazi come into the building . fleury ready to vent until something surprise he : breathless , Al - ghazi have break a wide - sweat hustling back to the Americans . fleury 's face relax . he pull a bottle of water out of a cooler , hand it to Al - ghazi . colonel al-ghazi I be sorry for the time . ( beat ) you will not need you gear . fleury can not help a small smile . fleury ( to syke , himself ) of course we will not . ext . al - rahmah —- moment later 70 hand in pocket . soak in the aftermath : shallow but wide crater , shred backstop , nearby building tear , blood baked into dirt . Fifteen car . colonel al-ghazi ( 0.c . ) the remain rule : you can not touch evidence , question anyone without I present , touch Muslim dead , or leave my sight at anytime : you safety be my primary concern . kingdom 8/18/06 64 . fleury I would have think you primary concern be investigate a crime . colonel al-ghazi and you would be mistaken . syke look over to fleury . crook smile . syke ( to fleury ) I think it 's one of that '' something happen to we ... he head come off '' kind of deal . ( to Al - ghazi ) be it one of that kind of deal , Colonel ? Al - ghazi ignore syke . fleury so , if you be not run the investigation ... who be ? Al - ghazi motion to 50 men in uniform different than he : sang troops digging , bag evidence , mark the scene with red-flag . colonel al - ghazi the National Guard 's military Police Brigade be conduct the investigation . my order begin and end with you health . the team : so we be on Tour . fleury still silent . adam leavitt I think the sang be soldier -- colonel al - ghazi -- the bomber do not wear a soldier 's uniform . they wear mine . fleury finally speak , ask the most important question : ronald fleury who be in charge of the investigation then ? Al - ghazi point to a man we have see before , General Abdul - malik . haytham 's interrogator . he pour over a table 20 foot away : map , blueprint , utility schematics spread before he . kingdom 8/18/06 65 . colonel al - ghazi * General Abdul - malik . he 's give we permission to walk through each crime-scene . ronald fleury to walk through ? be you kid I ? colonel al -ghazi * I be not . start to get heat . ronald fleury get he over here now and let 's clarify this situation . colonel al - ghazi * there be no lack of clarification . ronald fleury there sure as hell be ! I do not know what kind of game you be play but you get the wrong guy , Colonel * Al - ghazi ! that be not the deal - colonel al-ghazi * ( get hot ) this be not a game show , Mr. fleury ! there be no deal make here . there be I tell you what you may or may not do and there be you do it . beat . as Al - ghazi stabilize ... colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) * you will be permit to walk through the crime scene . when we have determine that it be safe . a stand off . fleury eye Al - ghazi . try to figure this guy out . see something that look like a flash of embarrassment in Al - ghazi 's eye : unable to perform he profession , relegate to Tour guide . leavitt begin take note . haytham see he notebook , snap he finger at Al - ghazi who look , nod : let he . ronald fleury ok . 71 72 kingdom 8/18/06 66 . fleury tight -grins . look off . in one of the apartment , he see a person look down at they from behind a curtain . he try a new tactic . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) how have you guy be do with the witness ? al-ghazi what witness ? Al - ghazi just stare at fleury . fleury I be guess there be a bunch of Americans , brit ... australian ? someone must have see something . I be sure they be just die to talk to you guy , see as how the killer be wear you uniform . that must be a real confidence booster for they . Al - ghazi silent , stare . fleury ( cont 'd ) let I talk to they . Al - ghazi look unsure . he be not expect this . ext . ripon family home 71 fleury and Al - ghazi walk up the front walk . fleury notice kid bike , hockey gear , a comfortable easy chair cover in fur outside on the front porch , toy gun . int . ripon family home - moment later 72 fleury sit with the ripon : earl ( 40s ) janine , he wife ( 30 ) , and maddy , Earl 's mother ( late 60 ) . Earl sit on a ugly couch , a plywood sheet right above they head . everyone uneasy save the cat in maddy 's lap . fleury wave off a bottle of water from janine . Al - ghazi hover awkwardly by the front door . awkward interview : earl there 's still a couple of hundred of we live on the compound . kingdom 8/18/06 67 . ronald fleury why Saudi Arabia ? a moment as Earl and janine get a bit defensive : earl neither of we do anymore schooling than electra High , electra Texas . ronald fleury ok . Al - ghazi see janine smile , squeeze Earl 's hand tighter . earl and the job here pay twice what you have make in midland or the Gulf a Mexico . plus the house be free . Earl 's mother maddy look at fleury , pet the cat . janine ripon I call it combat pay . this place have go gun - gun - gun . ronald fleury so have everyone else now . janine my girlfriend in Texas spend they combat pay on diamond ... I spend mine on a safe room . ronald fleury ( chuckle ) two night back . can you start one second before you know anything be wrong ? janine we do not really see anything . just hit the ground and hustle to the safe room . close we eye and pray . it be so fast . so loud . ronald fleury so you really do not see anything . maddy I hit the deck . horrible . janine not ' till after . just the scream -- kingdom 8/18/06 68 . earl -- the kid ... they be scream . that get I out of the house . that kid . fleury which kid be that ? janine the Jackson kid . Tracy Jackson next door be murder look out she window ... front of she child . no safe room over there ... ( right at Al - ghazi ) not even the Men that do this should die in front a they baby . fleury let moment pass . Earl rub he wife 's leg , try to comfort she . Al - ghazi hide emotion . ronald fleury she live with she husband ? earl Aaron . ronald fleury ( beat ) if I be face you house , be the Jackson home to the right or leave ? janine Left . fleury look out the window towards the Jackson house . 73 ext . jackson home - same moment 73 next door to the ripon . fleury knock . door open : a sad man with black bag under die eye . disgust - resign breath through a half -open mouth . Silver watch and polo insignia ... see Al - ghazi , eye come alive , tooth grit . ronald fleury Mr. Aaron Jackson ? aaron jackson ( be : Al - ghazi ) get he away from I - kingdom 8/18/06 69 . ronald fleury - easy , Sir . he 's a friend to we - aaron jackson - I do not know either one a you . ronald fleury I be special agent Ronald fleury of the FBI . this be Colonel Al - ghazi with the Saudi State Police - aaron jackson - the Police : they attack . Al - ghazi quietly back away , walk away . fleury look after he , turn back to Mr. Jackson who stare after Al - ghazi : hate . fleury unsure what to do next . aaron jackson ( cont ’d ) I just put my boy down for the first time in two day . I can not wake ‘em and sure as hell can not be go if they stir on they own . ronald fleury can I come back ? aaron jackson ( too loud ) why ? ronald fleury you boy ... Jackson remember the warning he just speak ... ronald fleury ( cont ’d ) to ask about two night ago . Fresh tear re-animate he face : aaron jackson when my wife 's jaw be shot off in front of we son ? my son who sit with she while she ble to death ? could not speak because she do not have the bottom of she face and I be not home and my baby boy be destroy for life and my five year - old have a box of band - aid in he hand when I finally get home ? 74 kingdom 8/18/06 70 . silence outside of Mr. Jackson 's sobbing . fleury sick to he stomach . desperate to let this man alone . no eye contact . ronald fleury ... I will not pretend to know ... Aaron Jackson settles , wipe away tear , appreciate the honesty . then bite back into he rage : aaron jackson kill everyone that have something to do with this . everyone related to they . everyone who know they . ( beat ) and all you have be do be they recruiting for they ... it 's a entire generation : not small and isolate like they say . but a generation that think what they do to my wife , to my child , be a '' call '' ... ronald fleury up the street , there be a wreck , do you see any - aaron jackson - notice how it would not take a lot to disguise you friend ( point to Al - ghazi ) as a mexican ? think he could not handle crossing we desert ? look around ! ronald fleury Aaron - aaron jackson ( explode ) - let I finish GOD damn you - a child 's scream from inside . pierce . scary . Jackson go red , clench fist , step to fleury who take a instinctive step backward , guard - up . Jackson stop , spin back inside . a door slam that rattles the plywood sheet cover the shattered window . the scream become night terror shriek . ext . jackson home 74 a long , sad beat , as fleury and Al - ghazi stand alone in front of the Jackson house . 75 76 kingdom 8/18/06 71 . ronald fleury ( to Al - ghazi ) can we tour the compound ? can we please do that ? slow nod from Al - ghazi . ext . bomb site - later 75 the team tour the site . as they fan out . they walk casually , but focus through the first bomb site . a inquisitive Mayes , already peer into a mostly in - tact car , halfway out of its parking spot . Al - ghazi and haytham watch the Americans like mother-hen . janet maye he or she almost make it . fleury step , look inside : blood and safety glass coat the seat . Janet point to key in the ignition : still at the ' on’ position . then the stick -shift , pull to the back right : reverse . the shift - knob bloody ... janet maye ( cont 'd ) ( beat , quieter ) make I think of the Trade center -- the people on the floor above the impact -- no matter how fast or strong or smart you be , if you be in the wrong spot , ' it 's will not let you get away . fleury that 's what make this a War . syke notice something on the ground ... he pick up a military detonator , discretely hand it over to fleury . fleury quietly pocket it . ext . third blast site - moment later 76 structure 100 foot away look like they have be hit with a god-size saw - off . the crater : 25 - foot wide , 7 - foot deep . blacken frame and bit of vehicle circle the crater . the bottom of the crater fill with water . a syphon- pump work overtime . no sang investigator around . colonel al-ghazi ( 0.c . ) about one hour into the rescue . 77 kingdom 8/18/06 72 . adam leavitt hit a water main ? colonel al - ghazi no -- from the tank of this fire engine : that 's the water that do not evaporate in the blast . Al - ghazi point to a mass of black metal : look like a fire truck the way a Jackson pollock look like the mona Lisa . leavitt and grant stand back . quiet : grant syke ( eye on fleury ) hole be the case . see , there 's '' evidence '' down in that hole . you understand evidence ? Little thing that be '' clue . '' clue can be very helpful to a fella when he 's try to solve a crime . colonel al-ghazi I understand that . grant syke glad to hear it . so can we get in there ? colonel al -ghazi no . syke hold Al - ghazi 's gaze . smile . grant syke ok . fleury be take in the entire crime scene . he notice a four story building half a mile off the perimeter . he watch Al - ghazi rip at a chunk of floorboard wedge into the mud , bag it himself , search for someone to give it too . nobody . set it down . stands , wipe he hand hard on he pants . fleury could swear the dirt stain be intentional : try to feel like he 's do something . ext . deserted STREET , al - rahmah - moment later 77 the land cruiser haytham ram - driver 's side crush , bullet hole , out - of -control skid-mark , asphalt scar from the snap drive shaft ... kingdom 8/18/06 73 . fleury be move around the scene , restaging the shoot out . instantly lining up the angle . leavitt 's take digital snap of the shattered land cruiser . through the viewfinder : the cave - in door . two snap . a sang pass Adam , he gun aim a touch high . adam leavitt ( to fleury ) a little high ... fleury ( to sang , '' lower , '' in Arabic ) watt-tee ... adam leavitt Watt - tee fuck ( alt : '' Watt - tee hell ... '' ) be he gun do up so high ? colonel al-ghazi ( to fleury ) this vehicle be steal . two driver murder . a team outside the blast-radius ... shoot at anything . everyone . ( beat ) sergeant haytham end this part . adam leavitt ( to Al - ghazi ) be the shooter in - custody - — sergeant haytham - dead . so sergeant haytham speak English ... fleury be any of this shooter you man ? sergeant haytham no . fleury 's think , look into the car . search the horizon , he spot a distant apartment building provide a view of the crime scene . a77a kingdom 8/18/06 74 . fleury they get into the compound . somehow ... take control of this vehicle . I be guess they do not politely ask whoever be in this car if they could take it for a little ride ? fleury get in the car , check out ballistic shred in the back of the passenger seat headrest . al-ghazi no , they do not . there be two officer in the car . both be execute . fleury I understand that . that man be you men-- sergeant haytham -- they be . they be Police . fleury I be sorry . Al - ghazi offer the slight of nod to fleury . fleury ( cont 'd ) where be this car when they hit it ? ext . al - rahmah - MAIN gate a77a Al - ghazi lead we team to the main gate . syke and fleury follow close . colonel al - ghazi Security be a combination of the police and military . leavitt and Mayes lag behind a bit . leavitt make eye contact with a young saudi behind the .50 caliber . janet maye good news be that if he shoot you , he 's gonna shoot you sit on a american tank ... with a american - make bullet . so , it 's kind of '' all in the family . '' tia kingdom 8/18/06 75 . adam leavitt how about we get into that american suburban ... with they american a /c ... Al - ghazi continue the tour as fleury once again note the familiar apartment off in the distance . ext . al - rahmah - security station car park - later tia a car port . fleury and team move around the area . fleury pick up some break glass from the ground . fleury the car be park here ? al - ghazi yes . fleury back in ? al-ghazi yes . fleury study the scene . fleury they be attack from the front . must have assume the killer be fellow officer ... have any of this man be identify ? colonel al-ghazi not yet . we will check certain neighborhood . it be likely that the four man pray at the same mosque . janet maye the same mosque be enough to identify they , link they to a cell ? colonel al -ghazi yes . if the mosque be in suweidi . adam leavitt suweidi ? kingdom 8/18/06 76 . janet maye suweidi be a know militant stonghold . Al - Qaeda could recruit from storefront . on fleury : he look back at the home , then up and around : he lock on the observation build in the distance . fleury can we go to check out some of this surround building ? colonel al-ghazi why ? fleury seem reasonable that the planner have to observe and base on hamza 's past history , it 's consistent that he would want to video the attack . be that true ? be that accurate ? colonel al-ghazi that be true . ronald fleury well , in order to video , in order to observe , you need a view . fleury point to one particular building . fleury that building see all three crime scene . Al - ghazi look up to the building . back to fleury . colonel al-ghazi ( beat ) it 's outside the wall - adam leavitt - c’mon now . this be insane : we get enough security to invade suweidi , let alone that building - colonel al-ghazi - no you do not . fleury ( to Al - ghazi , respectful ) could you ask ? ( more ) 78 kingdom 8/18/06 77 . fleury ( cont 'd ) we be already see the crime - scene individually -- why not all at once ? colonel al-ghazi any answer will take - fleury - time . I understand . fleury speak slowly and clearly now : like he 's cement he word in he own head as he speak they . fleury ( cont 'd ) you have to ask the General , then the General would ask the Prince . do it go higher or be that ... be the Prince the end of the chain ? Al - ghazi hesitates , can not help but be charme . fleury clearly know when to step - on or lay - off the gas . he 's smooth ... and highly effective : Al - ghazi nod ' yes 's to the strange half - question . fleury ( cont 'd ) we will be at the Community Center . ( beat ) Janet , wanna play hoop ? int . al -rahmah community CENTER hoop court - noon 78 we be in the big gym as we team sit and wait . leavitt tap on a laptop . Janet shoot free throw by herself . janet maye this be the kind of radical circumstance that could have seriously upped shaq 's free throw percentage . take a man . ship he off to riyadh . no phone , constant threat of death , no girl , no hip hop . nothing ... just free throw . shaq , he have be shoot at least seventy percent . laker would still be together . kobe and shaq lover forever . leavitt call to fleury . leavitt hey , boss ... check this out . 78 a 79 80 81 kingdom 8/18/06 78 . fleury move over to leavitt . check out the screen . leavitt ( cont 'd ) just post half hour ago . image on the computer : arabic extremist website . video footage shot from the rooftop of all three bombing and some of the machine gun killing . leavitt ( cont 'd ) so self congratulatory . make I sick . fleury study the footage . back it up play it again and again . int . location unknown - time unknown 78a a set of stronger , young , in - tact hand gently pour a mixture into a box now . Ball bearing , child 's jack , marble , razor blade , roofing nail : everything malevolent density and angle . some piece bounce out , run along the floor . the young hand then start press / molding the piece of soon - to - be shrapnel into the putty . ext . riyadh suburb near compound - afternoon 79 five car convoy move quickly through the city . ext . spotter apartment — later 80 we convoy pull up in front of the apartment . they exit the vehicle . we team stand surround by a 50 - man security detail , rifle-stock to shoulder . double -time it - outside the wall now , hostile territory . two - man sniper team out front . Al - ghazi ten step ahead . a sang five car security crew pull up , tracking fleury and company . a stand off between the two police force . ext . spotter apartment - next moment 81 the sang Officer in - charge step to Al - ghazi . in Arabic : sang officer this be unacceptable . kingdom 8/18/06 79 . colonel al - ghazi it 's clear with General Abdul - malik . we have five minute here . special force officer we be tell they must remain in the vehicle ... colonel al-ghazi that be not true ... special force officer they must stay in the toyotas - colonel al - ghazi - report I then when you get in - touch with the General - - Officer reach down from nowhere and hammer Al - ghazi open - hand as Al - ghazi try to step past . collective shock . in that breath , haytham punish the Officer with a leave - cross : knee buckle before he comprehend what hit he . haytham 's kick follow , catch the Officer in the sternum as he hit ground . Al - ghazi shake it out , trade blow with the sang second in - command . leavitt move , catch a rifle butt to the shoulder after two step . fleury aim , drill the soldier that butte leavitt : instant night -night . another sang step up . fleury throat he , knee cap he , and grab he weapon before the dude hit the ground . fleury can obviously fight ... all the above happen in four second . then , a ' knock - it-off 's gunshot aim at the sky pop one - foot from Janet 's head . we hear what she hear : one half - second of the shot , then the big ring . on she knee immediately , hand over she ear . in response : heavy - caliber gunfire fly : group flinch - n-crouch . the warning shot from a .50 - caliber mount on a humvee racing this way from Al - rahmah : dust plume from the speed . member of the security detail and the special force go mexican stand -off . janet maye tell I it do not burst - tell I it do not burst - 82 kingdom 8/18/06 80 . Al - ghazi the first to she , touch she hand to pull it away from the ear . a sang nearby see this : spit two inch from Al - ghazi . Al - ghazi lean to Janet 's non-ringing side : colonel al -ghazi no blood . the humvee now slide to stop ten foot from the fraca . General Abdul - malik out of the passenger seat , in Arabic : general abdul -malik who fire ? that soldier 's hand go up sheepish . two man out of the humvee 's backseat break he down , face first in the dirt : cuff he , lock he in the vehicle . general abdul-malik ( cont 'd ) and why ? special force officer ( stand , double over ) a disagreement . the General grab the Officer by the back of he head : a abusive dad . walk he to the side . general abdul-malik ( back to Al - ghazi ) five minute . Al - ghazi look back down at Janet , at leavitt 's bruise , at the man fleury knock out . angry . impress : fight alongside he . haytham have not move a inch , not even when the General come , chin raise to a entire platoon : say when . colonel al -ghazi ( to fleury ) five minute . the sang move back . the team staggered , slowly remember why they be here in the first place , finally make they way to the roof top . ext . roof top - continuous 82 fleury find a table with a view . tabletop : hole and finger - paint stain . Al - ghazi three foot away . both look in the same direction : two Tigers be hold back . kingdom 8/18/06 fleury 's study the housing compound through a video 81 . camera , compare the image on he camera with what he see post on the internet . fleury you have see the image of the attack post on the internet ? al-ghazi yes . fleury look for yourself . Al - ghazi take the camera from fleury . he line up the same shot we see post on leavitt 's computer : clearly a match . this be where they shot the video al-ghazi he be here ... another long moment . Al - ghazi look at the table , discard trash : the capri Sun container , the candy wrapper . ronald fleury form the plan up here : see everything he could hit . ( beat ) Way too pretty a plan to have be fully hatched on just one visit . he come here a couple time . Al - ghazi quiet for a long while . then he reciprocate : colonel al-ghazi the man who do this be a Saudi - this place , this neighborhood ... if foreigner be up here , someone would say something . fleury look over to the two dozen local peer out with suspicion at they on the rooftop . fleury I see . colonel al - ghazi nobody 's talk . here , many people love hamza - they think of he like Bin Laden . like you Robin Hood . fleury smile small at whatever just pass between they . Al - ghazi stay stoic , then look straight at fleury : * + eh kingdom 8/18/06 82 . colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) a man who think of something like this ... while maybe he family play around he ... scare I more than I have word to express . shaytan ... ronald fleury ( refocus ) two big answer in two small minute . imagine if we have a couple day together . Al - ghazi pause . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) I be sure the General be good guy ... and I be just as sure he 's no investigator . Al - ghazi stand still , silent . fleury reach into he pocket . reveal the detonator to Al - ghazi . Al - ghazi reach to take it . fleury hold it for a beat ... ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) let I help you . he hand the detonator to Al - ghazi . Al - ghazi now pocket it . a beat ... colonel al-ghazi we break now : too hot to work outdoors . then we will leave for the Palace . ronald fleury and I imagine that will run until sundown ? colonel al-ghazi ( beat ) I have television deliver to you quarter to pass the downtime . fleury just nod back . colonel al - ghazi ( cont 'd ) miss Mayes will not attend this evening . Men only . fleury look over to Janet . hurt , yet extremely defiant , she look ready to attack anything that come near she . 83 84 85 kingdom 8/18/06 83. fleury you want to tell she that ? ext . chevy suburban , riyadh suburb - early evening 83 cobra gunship cover the convoy as it blur past police checkpoint after police checkpoint . intersection shut down . brackete front and back by Saudi Humvees . int . chevy suburban , riyadh suburb - next moment 84 Al - ghazi in the passenger seat , hand on the stock of he mp - 5 : again search for threat . we team in back , freshly scrubbed , collare - polo as formal as anyone think to pack . team frustration have evolve into angry acceptance . the convoy zipping alongside a wall now : desert-orange in color , twelve - foot high , blue ottoman tile run the length of the wall 's horizontal center-line . colonel al-ghazi we be here . the helicopter peel off at steep angle , the sound of the rotor reverberate in you chest . leavitt watch they go : adam leavitt Big wall . colonel al-ghazi it 's a big palace . int . prince bin khale 's palace - day 85 majlis - a Saudi political ceremony in which Saudi citizen and local politician ( most aristocratic and exclusive ) be permit a brief audience with the Prince . a bizarre receive line of sort . we team move through a massive marble hallway towards the ceremony . adam leavitt how many prince be there ? colonel al-ghazi over 5000 . ronald fleury they all get palace this big ? 85 a kingdom 8/18/06 84 . colonel al-ghazi some get bigger . adam leavitt who pay for all this ? grant syke General Motors , Ford , chevrolet ... adam leavitt hey , man - I drive a hybrid . colonel al-ghazi ( a beat ... ) the Prince will ask you about you flight , the accommodation ... lite subject . if he offer you the chance to hold he raptors , do not flinch : it 's a compliment . adam leavitt ( to grant : genuine worry ) what 's a raptor ? damon Schmidt appear . int . prince bin khale 's palace —- later 85 a the Prince sit on a sea of pillow . there be several small flat screen play business report , CNN and Al - Jazeera . see from behind the Prince : everyone but leavitt stand next to face we have never see . the table hold six gold serve platter . enough food to kill a famine , tend by a frenzy of servant . syke put a hand over he cup to stop the constant tea be - fill . leavitt stand to the Prince 's leave , thick leather glove on he hand , a falcon perch on it . leavitt hold it away from the rest of he body like he 's already make peace with lose the arm . servant hold three other close - by . prince bin khale his talon slice bone . adam leavitt Super . kingdom 8/18/06 85 . prince bin khale that 's my most prolific Hunter . I be try to teach he friend there by example , but I fear it 's something you be bear with or not . do you agree , Mr. Ronald ? innate or not at all ? ronald fleury I do . prince bin khale ( nodd : I could tell ) what have you see so far of we Kingdom ? -- and know I can arrange tour anywhere within we border . when I bull - rush we host you will know it : in he quiet , calm - amidst - the-bullet tone : ronald fleury I have see that the man who plan the worst crime in you Kingdom 's history be without a doubt Saudi ... pin-drop silence in response to fleury murdering the Prince 's '' lite subject , '' he attempt to extend the gild circle - jerk by offer tour . Bin Khaled 's face sink to gray again after the excited pink of talk about he falcon . his hand slowly move back over he stomach : napoleon 's ulcer . as fleury speak , people unconsciously put they tea-cup down , look up at he with wide - eye . ronald fleury ( cont ’d ) -- and that if you walk 300 kilometer from the compound , you will find a rooftop where the attack be plan . I have see that the person in this room '' bear with it '' be right there ... ( point at a gawk Al - ghazi ) everything I just say come from Colonel Al - ghazi : he observation of the scene while he be protect we . and I think you be absolutely right Sir : that kind of instinct can not be teach : not to falcon . definitely not to sang Generals . innate or not at all . ( beat ) you want the murder to stop as much as I do . let we help . kingdom 8/18/06 86 . the Prince stare at fleury , catalogue everything fleury just say . stands . in Arabic : prince bin khale Colonel Al - ghazi , a word . as the Prince walk out with Al - ghazi , he signal another corps of servant to serve another round of cup : coffee . dinner over . a servant take the falcon from leavitt just as he be start to smile at it . fleury sip he coffee . Schmidt and syke approach . grant syke that be impressive . ronald fleury think it will work ? grant syke yeah . maybe . I mean , you can only play the '' I be go to the press card '' like three more time . so , maybe . ronald fleury they be paranoid and overly self - protective . damon schmidt they be not protect anyone . there 's no conspiracy . they be just terrify . finally . the Saudis have finally see the monster they help create , because that monster have come home . and if Saudis do not catch Saudi monster , that 's the end . fleury open he mouth to interrupt . damon schmidt ( cont 'd ) ( right through fleury 's attempt to speak ) and that end could come double - quick if they let the US '' shaytan '' catch that monster for they . ( fleury silent , get it ) because that 's what the Saudi on the street suspect : the only thing keep the Royal family upright be american evil . kingdom 8/18/06 87 . grant syke that 's dead on accurate . very impressive . that 's why they be make it hard on we , and that 's why he want to help ‘em turn the screw . ronald fleury they can have every shred of credit - damon schmidt - you see the slum on the way in ? ronald fleury yeah . damon schmidt see that even though they home be fall down , they have satellite dish bolt on ? ronald fleury yeah ... damon schmidt everyone already know you be here . credit ? if the Saudis crack this cell while this servant be pour coffee , Al - Jazeera still lead the story with you team . ronald fleury have you be to the crime-scene ? damon schmidt no - ronald fleury - if you have , you have see the evil work of real talent . the kind that do not stop until it 's force . damon schmidt and the path to Hell be paved with good intention . ronald fleury you have fun ? damon schmidt ( genuine smile ) beat hell outta visa-stamping . ( smile vanish ) ( more ) 86 87 kingdom 8/18/06 88. damon schmidt ( cont 'd ) you be on a island . I hope you know how to get off . ronald fleury by catch Abu hamza . raising he coffee , toast fleury 's cup : damon schmidt then here 's to you . let 's bet : when this Colonel Al - ghazi come out , he 's in - charge of the investigation - if so , you set I up on a date with Janet Mayes . int . chevy suburban , riyadh suburb - night 86 100 m.p.h . semi-grin from the team : how the fuck do he do that ? Al - ghazi on a cell , rattling order in excited Arabic : colonel al-ghazi «-. every investigator on - scene by midnight , 50 more portable light , three more pump - ronald fleury ( to leavitt ) do I a favor and tell Janet that she and damon Schmidt get a date when he get back to the States . Al - ghazi point into darkness ... colonel al-ghazi the rule still stand . ( beat ) but tomorrow will be a new day . int . unknown location —- same moment 87 tight on blast cap , military detonator , nail , wing - nut , bolt , jack , marble ... young hand feed length of detonate wire through pre-drilled hole on a wooden cover . the cover be attach to the box with nail and a rubber mallet : no spark . the wire be braid into one , clipped to a lead on a servo-motor attach to the box -top . a vehicle be be fitte with tire guard and heavy - duty crash bumper - all as a man quietly talk . 88 kingdom 8/18/06 89 . widen to reveal the man , be videotape : foretelling of new threat , face obscure by he head wrap . several other men watch and listen . tight on the man 's eye . reveal photo on a nearby table : the Al - rahmah compound , fleury with Al - ghazi , leavitt and Mayes , syke and haytham . CUT to : ext . al -rahmah community CENTER - morning , second day 88 half -ass gardening party . Al - ghazi work through the night , have not sleep since we last see he . look like it . colonel al -ghazi from now on , any evidence you find you hand over . Al - ghazi smile ... colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) I be '' all ear , '' special agent fleury . ronald fleury we should start with the dead shooter . colonel al-ghazi they have no identification on they . fingerprint and dental have come up empty . ronald fleury can we photograph all three of they ? couple hundred copy each ... colonel al-ghazi no problem . ronald fleury good . if it 's ok with you , I have like to suggest we split up as follow ... syke and leavitt can not help small smile . finally get to work . aso kingdom 8/18/06 89a . ext . blast site - morning aso syke climb down into the mud hole . grant syke ( from the crater ) fellas , what we want to do be get this water out of here ... see what 's really go on . understand ? no reaction from Saudi police grant syke ( cont 'd ) C - vin hunt -- data plates -- something drivable blow up . that 's pretty obvious . feel like anfo to I , boy -- ammonium nitrate fuel oil . l let 's dry this hole and see if we can not figure what she be . gotta pump ? +e HH oh * + h HH hf 89 90 91 kingdom 8/18/06 90 . ext . blast site - later 89 grant at the crater . Three brand - new industrial - size pump drain it . 30 Police investigator watch syke . grant syke ( to the Saudis ) get to get a little dirty , people . crawl up in it . make deep contact . you get that ? Dead , confuse stare from the Saudis into the mud hole ... syke happy as a pig in shit . grant syke ( cont 'd ) get nasty , dirty , filthy . he smile , watch another Officer write Saudi translation on the stainless - steel paint can into which you load evidence : shrapnel , soil , DNA , shell , etc . ext . death squad scene , al - rahmah - same moment 90 a junior officer double -time it to Al - ghazi with a stack of photo : Rough head - shot of the three dead shooter . fleury take some , hand the rest back to Al - ghazi . ronald fleury have he pass this out to the compound security . see if anybody know they . fleury , leavitt , and Al - ghazi walk past the land cruiser haytham take out . 15 Police investigator on-scene : leavitt stop , drop he bag . Al - ghazi introduce he to the Officer in - charge . leavitt open he evidence kit . a couple of Police can not help but sneak a peek , check out what the american 's get inside . int . ripon home - later 91 fleury stand with Al - ghazi back in the ripon home . ronald fleury would you mind do one more thing for I ? kingdom 8/18/06 91 . earl no , sir. fleury pull out the photograph . ronald fleury could you tell I if you recognize any of this man ? fleury put the three photograph down on the dining room table : not pretty picture . Earl and janine study the photo . janine ..- horrible . a few moment , then : earl I do not know any of they . fleury think a minute . look outside . fleury I be just wonder . that chair out side . look like it get a lot of wear . look comfortable . earl that my mom 's chair . fleury see , that 's exactly what I be think . I be guess she spend a lot of time sit outside ? earl all day . fleury she must pretty much see it all . right ? earl she do . fleury where be she ? earl she 's sleep . pause : fleury slow nod , then ... kingdom 8/18/06 92 . fleury let 's wake she up . time CUT : maddy up at the dinning room table , look down at the photo . maddy I have see he . ronald fleury where ? maddy think ... maddy like , a week ago . twice I have see he . water ... with the garden crew . I remember he be wear a liza minnelli T-shirt . I think that be funny . ronald fleury what about the other ? maddy ( closer examination ) no. just he . I remember the T - shirt . I remember think it be odd ...? ronald fleury what , the liza minelli shirt ? maddy no . I do think liza minelli 's go odd , but that be not it . ronald fleury what be odd ? maddy he be a Saudi . the gardener . ronald fleury yeah . maddy Saudis , like Americans , do not do manual labor . blow leave be beneath they . 92 92a 93 kingdom 8/18/06 93. fleury look to Al - ghazi for confirmation . Al - ghazi nod . ronald fleury ( to maddy ) thank you . fleury and Al - ghazi start to leave . earl who be he ? fleury look back to Earl . ronald fleury that 's one of the many thing we be try to find out ... ext . ripon family home - next moment 92 Al - ghazi give the photo of the identified shooter to a aide wait outside . al-ghazi find out if he work with the gardener . the aide take the photo , start walk away . al-ghazi ( cont 'd ) run ! freak , the aide about jump out of he skin ... start run . ext . blast sight - day 92a syke have a saudi work crew digging in the hole , pull out piece of char metal . he be slowly lay out the piece and study they like a puzzle , try to figure out what the hell blow up . ext . mobile field morgue - same moment 93 Janet and haytham approach a 2000 square - foot m.a.s.h . tent attach to refrigeration unit . 94 95 kingdom 8/18/06 94 . from various angle : sang officer look down at the Americans , dead eye , watch they work . int . mobile field morgue - next moment 94 the Muslim dead wrap in white linen accord to the sunna . western body lie separate from Arabs . a Saudi technician blankly hand Janet and haytham lab coat to cut the cold . Three Police officer in the tent with they : watch Janet . haytham be look uncomfortable as if he be embarrassed to be see with the american woman . ext . jackson home - later 95 fleury knock at Aaron Jackson 's door . a pause , the peep hole darken . a longer pause , then the door open . Aaron Jackson do not look any better . same shirt . pack box . suit case . Jackson be clearly get out of dodge . ronald fleury ( beat ) how be you son ? Jackson 's eye shrink - wrap in tear . after a long silence with no answer , fleury hand he a sheet of paper : ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) that 's the name of a clinical psychologist . Works with embassy kid ... apparently very good at explain violence - aaron jackson - what do you know about what my kid need ? what they see ? what the rest of they life might be like ? ronald fleury ( beat ) I think maybe you boy ... without they Mom anymore ... might ask you why sometime ... kingdom 8/18/06 95 . Aaron Jackson begin shaking he head yes . tear flow free : sorrow and gratitude . he hang on to fleury 's hand for a very long time . Silent apology . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) I will find the man responsible for the death of you wife . we be close . aaron jackson ( beat ) tomorrow it ’1ll be somebody else 's wife . fleury quiet . ronald fleury then tomorrow I 'il come back . fleury turn he head : Al - ghazi approach on the next lawn down with three junior officer . fleury nod goodbye to Jackson . fleury approach Al - ghazi , hold up the shooter 's photo . colonel al-ghazi the gardener . we know who he be . he 's on several watch list . fleury - a slight nod of satisfaction . ronald fleury we know where he life ? colonel al-ghazi we will very soon . ronald fleury you do not seem very excited . colonel al-ghazi this be always the easy one to catch . rarely do it lead to the planner . ( beat ) I want to take you somewhere . ronald fleury where ? colonel al-ghazi to someone who may be able to help we catch hamza . 96 97 98 kingdom 8/18/06 96 . ext . blast site - day 96 ten Police investigator in the crater with grant . outside the crater : piece of vehicle laid out outside : 1 / 2 of a door , 1 / 4 of a front axle , bit of engine . five foot away from that : stack of bag evidence , two dozen evidence container . syke clamber out of the hole , streak of re-animate mud where sweat stream out of he hairline , mad-dadash for he chin . a chunk of metal in one hand , something small in the other : a marble . he drop it in the appropriate cannister then step to a chunk of metal : one half of a alternator . syke stare down at the piece of completely mangle metal . he study a piece of twisted , half - melt iron . think ... he walk over to a second larger piece of twisted metal . start try to fit the two piece ... like a puzzle . int . mobile field morgue , present day - noon 97 the dead , oblong face of the dog-walker . Janet use forcep to pull a wing - nut from one of the dog-walker . place it on a sanitary table litter with shrapnel : tiny bit of color glass , ball - bearing , part of razor blade , spend slug , and scrap of unidentified metal . ext . blast site - crater 98 syke still work the two large piece of trash iron . until something click . the fit . syke look down at the connect metal . syke it 's a gurney . syke look down at the mud color digger . syke ( cont 'd ) who 's miss a ambulance ? just stare from the Saudis . syke ( cont 'd ) could somebody please go get sergeant haytham ? confused stare from the Saudis . 99 100 kingdom 8/18/06 97 . syke ( cont 'd ) ( loud ) sergeant haytham ! Inside the crater : water - level down to the ankle . Three Saudis dig around what look to be one of the dualie-style back tire . re-position to get a better grip , syke notice the top of what look to be a sizeable , rag hole , still mostly submerge . point : grant syke here . syke slog over . he drop to he knee , reach he hand in , all the way to he shoulder , the side of he face to the water : void . out of the crater , syke point to a bobcat earth -mover , in Arabic : grant syke ( cont 'd ) who have the key ? int . / ext . mobile field morgue - same 99 Janet stand with the Saudi pathologist . she prepare to take a fingerprint from a body . as the move in to touch the arab hand , one of the guard unload in she direction - a full guttural Arabic assault . no idea what he 's say , but it 's obvious he 's furious . haytham start fire back . this be a un-translated argument . we sense that the guard be do more than express he displeasure regard Janet . this seem to be personal . Janet 's get very nervous . a frightening display . then , haytham turn : haytham you cannot touch any Muslims . Janet take a breath as the Police hard - eye she . janet no problem . can I still touch Americans ? haytham of course . Janet move back to the american dead , as the Saudi tech continue with the Muslims . she pull another shard of colored glass from a wound . int . / ext . suburban - downtown riyadh 100 kingdom 8/18/06 98 . series of shot : a two car convoy drive deep into the city . the convoy be force to stop across the street from a gas station as a construction crane back into a drive way . Al - ghazi and fleury stare across the street as a large gas truck fill up the heavy tank of a Saudi gas station . fleury what 's gas run a gallon out here , Al - ghazi ? penny gallon ? Al - ghazi smile . colonel al -ghazi it be a american . a engineer name Karl twitchell . hire by Saudi Arabia to find water . he do not find so much as a dry oasis , but he find this . enough oil to turn the earth . fleury stare out as the oil spill out overflow from the station tank . colonel al -ghazi ( cont ’d ) they say my country sit on over 1 trillion more barrel of recoverable oil . ronald fleury a trillion reason for we leader to hold hand another one hundred year . colonel al-ghazi a trillion reason to keep fight . for both side of this war. ( beat ) I think we oil have begin destroy more than it create . ronald fleury agreed . 100 a 101 kingdom 8/18/06 99 . colonel al-ghazi I be 46 year - old . ( beat , tired ) I have three daughter . and I find myself in a place where I no longer care about ' why 's we be attack . I only care that 100 people wake up a few morning ago have no idea it be they last . when we catch the man who murder this people , I do not care to ask even one question ... I just want to kill he ... stop he . ( beat , a bit embarrassed ) do you understand ? ronald fleury yes , I do . a long moment . just road noise . we see two man , as different from each other as they could be , yet make from the same thing . ronald fleury ( cont ’d ) be you first name ' Colonel ? 's colonel al-ghazi ( a small smile ) Faris . int . mobile field morgue - continuous 100 a a glaze haytham work with a pathologist on the Muslim body . they own collection of foreign object . Janet pull free 1 / 2 of a marble from a burrow hole : explain the shard of color glass . clean it in saline , hold it up to the light . we stare at it with she . Janet begin piece together glass shard - reconstruct a marble . ext . death squad scene - day 101 Police investigator eat lunch under a tent 50 yard away with leavitt . then a red laser - sight move across he : Three member of he Police security - detail : smirk , pretend to fidget with a ar - 15 's aperture . leavitt stare . subtle defiance . nobody blink . Silent moment pass . 102 103 104 kingdom 8/18/06 100 . the smallest of the detail reach over , pull the cock device of the rifle : round in the chamber , so stop look at we . int . bomb site - crater 102 syke , cover in mud , digging , search for any sign of identification amongst the char , mangle metal . ext . internet cafe - later 103 the small convoy pull up next to a run down , late seventies chunk of architecture which look like a combination bomb dentist office / accounting firm . weird . two teenager in tu - pac t-shirt smoke in front . fleury , Al - ghazi and a couple of Police head for the black out front door . int . internet cafe - continuous 104 move up two flight of stair . Dark , rundown shred carpet . Old hip hop - cheap bass , thin speaker . smoke . everything grow in intensity as they move up the stair . two more teenager skulk past . fleury ( half joke to Al - ghazi ) feel like I be back home in Detroit . Al - ghazi keep move up and into what be definitely on fleury 's top ten list of the most bizarre place he 's ever be . fleury 's Pov : two room : first be some kind of snack / smoke / tv lounge . filipino serve drink . pack of young Saudi men drink coke , tea , coffee , and smoke . odd Saudi talk show mix with hip hop . behind , another room : bigger , overflow with stack of mis- match computer . dozen of they . dozen of Saudi teenager plugge in . head - phone and mic have . all chain smoking , all fully plugge in to call of duty ( a american war game ) on line . this kid play with rabid intensity , smoking and scream and kill . 105 kingdom 8/18/06 101 . Al - ghazi move through the crowd . a small middle age saudi spot Al - ghazi . they exchange word . Al - ghazi wave fleury to follow . fleury do and follow Al - ghazi through the computer room , into a back office . int . internet cafe - back office - continuous 105 a middle age Saudi : talal . he sit behind a cluttere desk . Art book and computer everywhere . he get up and embrace Al - ghazi . Al - ghazi then turn to face fleury . colonel al - ghazi * at one time , Talal be Arafat 's senior bomb-maker and planner in the occupy territory . he join bin-lade when Al Qaeda bring the fight to the Royal family . ronald fleury ( beat ) ok . should not we arrest he or shoot he or something ? small smile from Al - ghazi . colonel al - ghazi * he turn himself in last year during a amnesty . he 's now part of a new government effort to balance the experience of Saudi youth . ronald fleury this place be community service ? colonel al - ghazi * if America figure out a way of keep they kid off the computer please let we know . ronald fleury why do he turn himself in ? before Al - ghazi can answer , Talal begin talk to he in Arabic . Al - ghazi translate : colonel al - ghazi * ' you only come after I see there be bomb . ( more ) kingdom 8/18/06 102. colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) do you know Bin Laden put 5 million - dollar on my head ? why should not it be 10 ? 's subdued laughter . then Talal become quiet , grave . Al - ghazi continue the translation : colonel al - ghazi ( cont ’d ) the man who make War on Al - rahmah be someone my age -- this kind of skill be learn over decade . Talal look at fleury now , speak directly to he through Al - ghazi : colonel al-ghazi ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) a man who can plan the mass - murder of woman and child , then go home at night to he own and sleep soundly ...? that kind of man be supremely difficult to catch . ronald fleury ( through Al - ghazi ) how do he know he sleep soundly ? Colonel Al - ghazi hesitates , then relay fleury 's question . Talal stare : eye touch by war-blood -atrocity commit . someone who believe he 's go to Hell . colonel al-ghazi ( 0.c. ) ( translate ) because he have not stop . you stop when they face do not let you close you eye ... ronald fleury ( through Al - ghazi ) be that why you quit ? colonel al-ghazi ( 0.c. ) ( translate ) 17 day without sleep will make you quit anything . two teenager stick they head into the office . they be mad about the share of a computer . Talal put a fast stop to it . it 's obvious he 's good with this young boy . he smile as he speak to Al - ghazi . Al - ghazi translate to fleury . kingdom 8/18/06 103. colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) he say he make my job easier . here , at least they only fight and kill on computer . Al - ghazi show Talal the detonator . the old man study it . Al - ghazi and Talal speak in Arabic about the detonator . Al - ghazi look to fleury , translate . colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) he say that there be several way to get american military equipment like this detonator but not many man in Saudi Arabia that know how to get they . fleury how do they get they ? colonel al - ghazi usually smuggle from Iraq by corrupt soldier work with the Americans . fleury could hamza get this equipment ? Al - ghazi ask Talal . colonel al -ghazi without question . yes , he could . ronald fleury ( through Al - ghazi ) how do we find he ? he think for a moment , then speak . the boy chuckle as Al - ghazi continue translate : colonel al-ghazi prayer . luck. handshakes . fleury look at Al - ghazi , do not quite get it ... ronald fleury ( to Al - ghazi ) well , I think I get the ' prayer 's and ' luck 's part ... Talal slowly stand , Al - ghazi help he up , move to fleury . reaches he hand out to he , quietly : * + h hk + eh % 106 kingdom 8/18/06 104 . colonel al-ghazi ( 0.c. ) ( translate ) his hand will feel like this . fleury shake Talal 's hand , turn it over : index finger go . colonel al-ghazi ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) ( translate ) every amir at some point get bitten by he work . ext . blast site - day 106 the bobcat dig into the crater , over the unknown hole . already a large pile of dirt . another sizeable scoop down about two foot : nothing . haytham now stand over the crater watch syke . leavitt have join he . grant syke whatever this be , it blast - off like NASA . haytham yell to the Machine Operator in Arabic : sergeant haytham drive in at a angle ... go deeper ... another gouge of earth : 4 foot . nothing . grant sit back . grant syke ' High -order explosion 's do not do it justice : what 's leave a this look like it be put through a wood -chipper . leavitt rub he eye : adrenaline long go . look at he watch : time pass fast . syke drop to he stomach , reach in with the trenching tool to see how much farther the hole go : a metallic ' clink . a oxygen tank . the kind use in ambulance . nozzle assembly go , burst in the explosion with a force that drive it several foot into solid ground . haytham take a razor blade , scratch off sample of the soil and carbon for explosive residue into a fresh cannister . then take a wet rag , begin clean the tank to reveal Arabic script ... sergeant haytham ( to syke ) Hospital identification ... ambulance identification . 107 kingdom 8/18/06 grant syke do you know this hospital ? sergeant haytham yes . grant syke call it in . int . al -rahmah community CENTER 105 . 107 now a mini command post . Al - ghazi work phone with fleury and Mayes by he side . syke and leavitt muddy , sit on they cot . leavitt tag evidence from the shootout . Al - ghazi hang up , look to fleury . colonel al-ghazi the ambulance be report steal from King fahd Hospital last Wednesday , three day before the bombing . ronald fleury ok . colonel al-ghazi there 's more : I tell you it would not be hard to find the soldier . ronald fleury ( focus ; to Al - ghazi ) what you get ? colonel al-ghazi the steal ambulance have a twenty man crew that rotate shift on it . we check all twenty man . one of they , muaath hazmi be now of interest to we . ronald fleury why ? Al - ghazi reach for the photo of the dead shooter / attacker . colonel al - ghazi because this gentleman be fathi hazmi , muaath 's brother . 108 kingdom 8/18/06 106 . ronald fleury where 's muaath ? colonel al-ghazi I be go to show you . ext . suburban riyadh STREET - afternoon 108 a five block radius have be seal off by Police vehicle . fleury and he team be at the outer perimeter , crouch behind barricade at the entrance of a cul - de-sac . they be not allow anywhere near the line of fire . they sport bullet - proof vest and helmet : look like reporter in a war-zone . Police turn away car , neighbor . sniper stand post on near - by rooftop . helicopter audible overhead . Street desert . grant syke we never get to do anything fun . janet maye syke , I be guess you do not even remember how to load you gun . grant syke that 's not funny . adam leavitt she 's not try to be funny . grant syke I be a very good shot . janet maye I be sure . haytham hand Al - ghazi a walkie-talkie , in Arabic : colonel al-ghazi neighbor clear ? voice ( 0.s. ) yes . colonel al -ghazi activity or communication ? voice ( 0.s. ) sniper have see nothing . no telephone line into the house . 109 kingdom 8/18/06 107 . colonel al-ghazi ( beat ) allahuakbar . go. two black suburban roll around the corner : out - fitte with run board and hand rail upon which a 12 - man swat team ride : 3 on each rail , 2 vehicle . swat team : military fatigue , black hood , mp -5 close - quarter sub-machine gun . Flying down the cul - de-sac : half - way down the street , one of the sniper open fire : boom - boom -boom . that moment a rpg fire wide of the lead suburban . over Al - ghazi 's walkie - talkie , in Arabic : voice ( 0.s. ) one down ! rpg ! the two swat - teamer at the front of the run board open up with they mp - 5s one - hand : the front of the house puff , burst , disintegrate . suburban rip to a stop . swat off , move fast . Three toss flash grenade into and around the house . massive flash - bang . six through the front door . six sprinting around back . loud AK - 47 burst from inside now ... scream . then a rpg fire inside : the rush sound and yellow - white flash past two window . a section of the far leave wall of the house detonate from the inside out . more mechanical , silence thwacks from the swat mp-5 . silence . then voice from Al - ghazi 's walkie-talkie . ambulance round the corner , fly toward the house : voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) clear . int . targeted house - moment later 109 the team enter , wide - eye . four man in civilian garb , all dead : multiple bullet wound . a Officer with four 8 X 10 mug - shot , match they to the dead face , drop mug-shot on respective chest . once he 's finish , a police photographer take new picture of each . at the far side of the House : engineer use 2x4 to support the wall hit with the rpg . all of it have the feel of standard Saudi operation procedure . Al - ghazi appear from the back of the house . bend over each of the four dead man : lift each of they hand , examine the back of the hand quickly . grant syke print be on the other side ... kingdom 8/18/06 108. colonel al-ghazi I be not look for print . I be look for finger . stands after the last : a look of control frustration that fleury file . then Al - ghazi motion to syke and fleury . int . rear of the house - next moment 110 back to the rear of the house : stack of plastic explosive , bucket of shrapnel , two paramedics work feverishly on a swat Officer hit multiple time . fleury go about he business like a man be not die six foot away . syke be a kid in a candy store : rummage through explosive , blast cap , shrapnel . ronald fleury janet ... Janet make she way back . immediately move to the wounded swat Officer . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) he 's go ... this shrapnel look like the stuff you pull at the morgue ? janet maye ( distract ) yeah ... I pull so much it 's hard to remember it all . ronald fleury bolt ? janet maye yes . ronald fleury wing nut ? janet maye yeah . ronald fleury razor blade ? janet maye sure . kingdom 8/18/06 109 . Al - ghazi begin toss the room , motion to fleury : help . fleury move to he . ronald fleury ( call back ) adam ... grant syke c- 4 ... Al - ghazi dump desk drawer : picture of government - look building , wall - compound . lay they out in row , study each . leavitt appear , focus on the C - 4 immediately . colonel al-ghazi ( 0.c . ) - the front gate of every other western housing compound in riyadh . everybody look at the Colonel , point at the picture : colonel al - ghazi ( cont ’d ) and Embassies : Italy , Japan , Korea , Norway , England ... adam leavitt ( beat ) the Coalition ... leavitt step , scan the picture , pick up two in particular : building with scaffold and heavy equipment . adam leavitt ( cont ’d ) this be all country with troops in Iraq -- japanese and italian embassy be under construction ? colonel al-ghazi the entire diplomatic Quarter be be retro-fitted to sustain bigger bomb blast . Janet pop she head in : janet maye - the Prince 's convoy just show . Al - ghazi 's face : fear . ronald fleury this be bullshit . you know it . meaningless . there 's no leader here . this be kid . that 's it . 112 kingdom 8/18/06 110 . Al - ghazi say nothing . janet maye we be out of here . ronald fleury yes , that 's it . smile for the camera , body - bag some child . wrap it up , but we -- out . I get it . colonel al-ghazi I be sorry . ext . front of targeted home - moment later 111 Prince Bin Khaled touring the scene : reporter , photographer , he personal top -line security detail : the business suit and boot , the special op m - 4s . all on edge to be in a Saudi neighborhood . Rahman , look like he need sleep and vitamin . lecture in Arabic : prince bin khale only in death will we enemy realize Allah never permit defiance of he almighty will . damon Schmidt trail behind the Prince 's detail . the Prince lock Al - ghazi with a mad - dog stare in - between lesson point . one of the Prince 's inner-circle head straight for Al - ghazi , in Arabic : inner-circle take the Americans inside now and keep they out of sight . you will be speak to about they presence here . int . targeted house - next moment 112 the team sit on the floor , below the window sill , away from the hole and door . Al - ghazi stand , look out the window at the spectacle . damon Schmidt step in : see dead body and go ghost , almost collapse . leavitt pop up , help he sit . ronald fleury you need water ? a quick ' no 's nod : like the second before you lose lunch . kingdom 8/18/06 111 . adam leavitt you really ought not look at this . damon schmidt ( point at the dead ) that fella get shot right through he God damn nipple ... janet maye do not stare too long . it ’1ll start live in you dream . Janet 's voice cause Schmidt to immediately force composure . damon schmidt no -- I know . ronald fleury you do ? ( beat ) how do you know we be here ? damon schmidt the Prince have Men at Al - rahmah . colonel al-ghazi what Men ? damon schmidt ask he . ( beat ) 3 vehicle will stay behind when the Prince and Press leave . you 'il convoy straight to BA flight into dulle -- last minute fare come out of you budget , by - the - by . try to swing upgrade , but check at the counter . piss , reproachful head -shake . damon schmidt ( cont 'd ) ( beat ; color return ) turn that frown upside down , people . this will be pitch as a stun saudi-only counter - punch that kill that responsible for Al - rahmah . Al - Jazeera will play up a FBI presence , we will play up they tie to terror as checkmate . and everyone that be so righteously piss back home be gonna eat crow . ( more ) kingdom 8/18/06 112. damon schmidt ( cont 'd ) already a rumor that the guy who write we State Department memo - ronald fleury - Ellis Leach ? damon schmidt you know he ? he 's gonna be put out to pasture : make a example of by the President to ensure all level of government get tough on terror. ( right at fleury ) you win the hand on the River card . ronald fleury we do not win shit , Schmidt . this be teenager ... child with picture that someone far senior have provide they . damon schmidt -kidd I ? you mean that be terrorist target ? Holy wow . momma , do not let you child grow up to be cowboy . ( beat ) just get ready to go home and revel in the fact that for the next few week you shit will not stink . the phone ring that instant . leavitt hand it up to fleury . Schmidt hold he hand up to Janet : high - five -- she give it up slowly , warily , semi-charmed : damon schmidt ( cont ’d ) ( to Janet ) double or nothing that 's a congratulatory call . ronald fleury hello ? ( beat ) yes , Sir . we be all here and healthy . I be sit next to they corpse but this may not be over . this do not feel like anything resembling senior leadership - ( beat ) - thank you sir. I do . ( more ) 113 kingdom 8/18/06 113. ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) please do I one favor before we board : warn every ' Coalition - of - the- willing 's or whatever the hell we be call we irag ally now , that picture of they riyadh embassy be find in this cell 's safe - house . int . suburban - later 113 Flying down a highway . haytham drive . syke up front . the rest of the team cramme in back : fleury next to Al - ghazi ; Mayes and leavitt on the back bench . everyone spend . grant stare up at a distant jet climb - out . the police radio belching calm code and call every few second . ronald fleury ( to Al - gahzi ) what do you think ? Al - ghazi look up at fleury , slowly shake he head . al-ghazi amateur . it 's a small win . ronald fleury yeah . a beat . ronald fleury ( cont ’d ) I be think about New York - February 26 , 1993 . the first time they try to hit the Trade tower . grant syke I be think about go straight to Dan 's , gonna order six pbr - janet maye - pabst ? adam leavitt keep it real . you ever drink pbr , haytham ? haytham no. grant syke any beer ? kingdom 8/18/06 114. haytham ( small smile ) no. grant syke now ... that 's just unreasonable . good Police work and problem drink be like a chicken and egg thing : which enable the other ? in the back , Al - ghazi can not help a small smile either . fleury 's not into it . all business , piss , clearly do not want pabst . ronald fleury ( to Al - ghazi ) remember how we catch that cell ? al-ghazi yes . car bomb . he go back to pick up he deposit on the rental car . ronald fleury four hundred dollar . for four hundred dollar , he be catch . stupidity . catch the cell be easy . just like this . the cell come back . fleury look at Al - ghazi . he know the win be small . also know that 's all she write , for now . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) I all be back . colonel al-ghazi yes , you will . the police band suddenly squelch loud with excited Arabic . everyone perk , lean up to listen to the urgency . colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) ( translate radio chatter ) Religious demonstration in progress . back near the City Center . a small collective smirk , sigh of relief . fleury turn in he seat . 114 kingdom 8/18/06 115 . grant syke I be serious . beer will open up you subconscious . can beer especially . give you instinct they can not teach - fleury notice the suburban bring up the rear have drop back . ronald fleury ( look back ) be he respond to the call ? dropped back ... colonel al-ghazi ( 0.c. ) ( turn ) what ? Al - ghazi and fleury both look back to the follow suburban now . dropped back , sunglass and blank face stare back at they . fleury look to the overpass above - he see a young man on a cell phone . as they pass , the kid run to watch they from the other side . Al - ghazi get to the cb radio , in Arabic : colonel al - ghazi ( cont 'd ) tighten up - - the trail suburban do not ' tighten up . 's it fall further back . fleury instinctively turn , wide - eye -- out the window : a small brown truck swerve out of the oppose lane , fly across the desert median , aim at the convoy . without hesitation fleury reach over haytham , rip the steering - wheel right , nose away from the approach ... 114 thru 116 omitted 114 ext . saudi highway - same moment 117 we suburban on two wheel : the lead suburban turn the same direction a twitch too late . the small brown truck detonate . the lead suburban take a massive fraction of the explosion broadside , essentially shield we vehicle . flame spit through the lead vehicle as it spin , flip onto its roof . 120 kingdom 8/18/06 116. int . our suburban - next moment 118 off-road now , violent impact on bare rim shed rubber . ext . highway attack aftermath - next moment 119 the lead suburban : tortoise on its back , engulf , still slide . fleury 's suburban fish-tailing . the lead suburban blow in - half now as the gas tank rupture . a football -size shard of metal explode through we windshield - int . our suburban - same moment 120 - and smashes straight out the back , take the rear cargo door with it . the shock of it cause haytham to lose control in earnest now . the suburban flip , barrel roll . violent pound inside the vehicle . motion stop : upside down , just the roar of the big Detroit V - 8 red-lining , wheel spin in air . everyone daze , border - line unconscious . fleury 's bell rung the worst , try to function , get he bearing . fleury touch leavitt 's face , can barely see through the gather smoke that smell like oil . ronald fleury you whole ? adam leavitt think so - leavitt unbuckle he seat belt and smashes head first into the ceiling -- run footfalls approach , quick yell - yip in Arabic : command ? the Driver and three other Police officer from the trail suburban . smoke fill the interior now : thank God this Police officer have rip open a door : savior . they grip leavitt by he hair because it 's the only thing they can grab . alarm , Al - ghazi begin to scramble for leavitt . colonel al-ghazi this be not right ! 121 kingdom 8/18/06 117 . haytham get a good look at the driver , recognize he as the officer who shame he at the compound on day one . haytham move to unbuckle . fleury 's try to claw towards leavitt . throw upside down punch at the air . unbuckle himself now . ronald fleury what the - janet maye ( panicked ) adam ! what -- what be they do ? alarm rise , everyone else unbuckle and smashes into the ceiling as horizon go flip - flop confusion . ext . highway attack aftermath - next moment 121 leavitt 's throw punch as he 's drag with velocity to the trail suburban , idling . pistol - whipped viciously , repeatedly until they be able to kick he inside . another Officer from the trail vehicle step up with a AK - 47 , pull back the cock mechanism , ready to spray the daze occupant of we suburban - - the Officer 's ankle and shin detonate . pop - pop - pop - pop from the driver 's seat : haytham . scream from the would - be shooter at double volume . haytham keep fire as the Officer , hit multiple time , fall hard . the trail suburban hesitates , slam into we suburban just as fleury be get out of the wreckage . everybody else still inside , knock silly . the trail suburban back up quick . fleury instinctively go for he holster : empty for day now . ronald fleury gun ! trail suburban accelerate away now , as Janet struggle out . haytham 's 9 mm in - hand rack open : empty . fleury step away from the now black smoke pour from the vehicle -- in the passenger seat of the trail suburban , he see the Officer that check passport at Prince sultan Air base . grant syke - door help - fleury rip grant 's door open . trapped smoke billow , clear : grant 's arm close to the outside of the vehicle dangle at a unnatural angle , bleed badly . kingdom 8/18/06 118 . grant syke ( cont 'd ) can not release - fleury begin saw grant 's seat - belt with a jag piece of metal . ronald fleury hand up -- you be gonna fall - syke still do , ugly . fleury and Janet rip he free of the suburban . haytham 's pull shotgun , handgun , ammo from the flip vehicle . haytham point ahead , to the fade roster - tail . in Arabic : sergeant haytham they be go to disappear .. desperate , fleury look in the direction of the flee suburban : the rooster - tail it leave get smaller . Al - ghazi nod , swing he head to thesnarled / wreck highway traffic . people hesitantly step toward uniform they trust on instinct . haytham dump the pile of weapon at the team 's foot , re-load he 9mm . Janet tie a half - ass tourniquet around syke 's reminder of a arm . Al - ghazi step toward the approach crowd : they see he state , he gun , and turn back : panic start to infect the larger mass , then the topper - -automatic gunfire from somewhere . glass-dirt-metal burst around we : this attack be still go . fleury look up : just the roof of a old mercede on the median , dirt kick up behind they , run behind line of stop - wreck traffic now . the barrel of a rifle hold high out the window like a taunt . accelerate for another open to finish the job . scare motorist devolve into terrify motorist . many have abandon they vehicle to sprint into the desert , the rest go smash - ’em - up derby - folly : 50 panicked driver aim for the same spot . fleury snatch a m4 Al from the stack drop by haytham , up to he shoulder , hustling toward the next break in traffic . the mercede be approach at 80 mph . ronald fleury ( back to he crew ) get down ! kingdom 8/18/06 119 . Al - ghazi start scream in Arabic , motion frantically to the citizen who have turn back , run toward they , in Arabic : colonel al -ghazi down ! fleury 's view block by flee Saudis : just intermittent flash of the mercede brake hard , massive dust cloud behind they , slide toward the open fleury pre-sight . intermittent wild shot fire from the suv , vaguely in we direction . fleury flip a switch on the leave side of the rifle , just forward of the handle : full - auto . take a deep , measure sniper 's breath , ease the stock snug aimpoint up to he right eye , and without hesitation let loose the entire clip perfectly : one heartbeat before the mercede hit the gap . the right side of the mercede shred just as it appear . fleury 's clip go in a flash , yet more round still hit the mercede : Al - ghazi four foot away , fire he own salvo from a knee . something bright red pop against the driver 's side window now , the mercede rip-slide to a stop . commotion inside . Wild , half - aim shot back at we . then it start up again . Al - ghazi bolt toward the line of stop traffic . search for something big , empty , still run . fleury right on he heel . colonel al - ghazi ( cont 'd ) we move now or we lose he . early 90 's land Rover . Desert tough . Driver long - go , exhaust plume pump out . Al - ghazi dive into the Driver 's seat , fleury shotgun . gun it to the rest of the Survivors , a eye on the rooster - tail of the mercede he and fleury just shred , head the same direction as leavitt 's kidnapper . Al - ghazi jump out , usher haytham into the Driver 's seat . in Arabic : colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) you know suweidi -- you know how to go fast . fleury help syke into the rear . Janet load the weapon . jump in . the land Rover spit it 's own tell - tale plume as it sprint away down the median , dodging traffic , in desperate pursuit . startle silence come sudden now as the fight move elsewhere . receding engine . peter scream / shout . 122 123 124 125 126 kingdom 8/18/06 120. hold on the flip , still burn / still smoking suburban . surreal in the sun / smoke / haze . int . trail suburban - same moment 122 driving as fast -hard as possible . no regard for anyone / thing . passport Officer up front pull a cell - phone . a third and FOURTH in the back still beat and zip -cuffing leavitt . int . land rover - next moment 123 Janet 's sit with syke in the rear , readying weapon and ammo . she hand he twin berettas - syke 's double - fisting despite he wound , look forward to a fight . syke nobody 's gonna hurt leavitt but I . Driver 's seat p.o.v. : on the median , 95 mph , dodging abandon and escape car . High - beam flashed on-off - on - off , constant horn , gain on the mercede 's rooster - tail ahead of they . int . trail suburban - same moment 124 power deep into the suweidi neighborhood . skid-stopp and back into a alley between break down three story building . int . land rover - same moment 125 haytham scan as he drive : strain to see the plume from the second attack vehicle way ahead , blend with other flee , scared motorist . we watch as the distant plume cut hard leave , at a high rate of speed ... then disappear . int . unknown room —- same moment 126 quiet . the 32 year - old son we meet on the rooftop be on he cell phone again , speed - assemble a ancient vhs camera atop a tri-pod . the son ( in Arabic , frantic ) do not come here ! intercut with the mercede Driver yell frantic into he cell phone : 127 kingdom 8/18/06 121. mercede driver ( Arabic ) he 's be shot ! be ready . back in the room , a huge man dress in paramilitary black , face wrap in he shumagh , so only the eye be visible , stand in front of a sheet hang from the ceiling , quietly practice / read a speech for a imaginary audience . lot of gesticulate and head movement . the handle of large knife stick from he waste band . door burst open , bottom hinge rip from the jamb . leavitt be slam to the ground . passport Officer shove the practice speaker out of the way - turn to the wide - eye 32 year - old . passport officer now . hurry . leavitt 's face already swollen - black -bleed , scan the room with terrify fury in he eye . he see the handle of the knife stick from the huge man 's waistband . his tear leak all at once . the Officer take the knife , turn to leavitt : dirty 11 - inch blade ... int . land rover - next moment 127 haytham search for the turn - off : where the rooster - tail they be follow cut leave , die . at the last minute , he see tire mark head down a embankment into a decrepit , decaye apartment block neighborhood . haytham cut hard , fish-tail . syke 's head smashes into the rear-side window , star it . they be be lead into riyadh 's most hostile neighborhood . al-ghazi we should not be here ... janet 's Pov : scan for the trail suburban and the mercede - she can not help but notice the neighborhood . halfway past a intersection , fleury yell : ronald fleury brake -reverse -to the right ... haytham brake , reverse : the suburban . 128 129 kingdom 8/18/06 122. int . land cruiser / ext . suweidi - next moment 128 without hesitation haytham pull across the cramped street , surround by the same decaye building . ahead : civilian huddle behind car , poke head out from behind shack . a second pass : this people know where the attacker go . Al - ghazi lock eye with a little boy ... he quickly - quietly just shake he head no . in the back , syke have fall on he back . he look up through the window : see a shape jet past on the top of the close building -- three storey up : the little boy be nodd a_warn - what follow be fast , chaotic , eye -close combat : grant syke - get out of - - big boom of close - in shell . as haytham throw it in reverse and punch , the front of the Rover shred . the windshield burst . engine die : tachometer and speedometer needle bottom out instantly . haytham and Al - ghazi tuck into the dash . fleury try to get as close to the backseat floor panel as possible . Janet cover syke . a thump - thump - thump can be hear on the roof : a grenade throw with too much arm by the guy syke spot bounce off the roof and into the land cruiser . frantic , fleury swat it out . the blast release a massive airburst and bit of shrapnel into the vehicle , star window , rock it : creak of shock and strut . fleury lift up now , grab the m - 4 : return fire indiscriminately through the window at any and all surround rooftop . that provide cover and remind everyone in the car they be armed . Janet exit with a rifle : fire out the back door , more cover fire . civilian who be ready to see a massacre scurry now that it 's a fight . ext . roof top - next moment 129 a shooter : black -hood , black T-shirt , old -school red-white - black Air jordan , snub-stock AK , a open , filthy North face backpack at he foot hold spare clip , God know what else . Shots from below keep he two foot away from the ledge , fire down in random sweep , head turn like he 's lighting a fire-cracker . 130 131 132 kingdom 8/18/06 123. we see thing from above , three storey down , a sweep of blindly - fire shell pop the asphalt inch from fleury 's head , soiling he face in black - top debris . but fleury never stop fire back , he own head slightly turn , flinching on reflex . Air Jordan grab another grenade just before he disintegrate : fleury 's three - foot away with the riot gun . another rack and blast to make sure a.j. stay down for eternity . fleury spot and bull - charge a second shooter : ballistic Chicken , fleury win . a sound ... fleury spin , rack the riot gun , aim and freeze : 2 six year old boy stare from the doorway . ext . suweidi STREET - next moment 130 haytham crouch in front of the land cruiser . rock throw now from somewhere : kide peek from behind shack palestinian -style . he 's pelt in the side of the head . Janet and syke move to a stop vehicle and take cover . from the rooftop , fleury yell down to the man on the ground . fleury ( 0.c. ) I can see the mercede ... blood - trail right up to a apartment in the next build - ext . roof top - same moment 131 fleury 's p.o.v. : a apartment complex that look like a roadside motel : expose stairwell , walkway , entrance . a puddle in front of one of the front door on the third floor . then we look right , one street over : civilian figure , some in traditional dress , start to mass . fleury mob forming next block ! he drop the riot gun , pick up the AK from the man he just kill , pop a new clip from the backpack , sling the backpack over she shoulder . start to hustle down . int . unknown room —- same moment 132 gunshot reverberate from outside . echoes . the 32 year - old , hand shaking with nerve , screwing the camera into the try - pod : set - up almost complete . the passport Officer be post at the door : head poke out , weapon up and ready . 133 134 kingdom 8/18/06 124. we can hear Arabic yell down what sound like a hallway . passport Officer bark something back . the Driver of the Trail suburban squat , pin leavitt 's head down with he knee , knife near a long , white expanse of neck . the huge man sit on leavitt 's stomach , keep he in place . leavitt try to gasp for breath : eye - wide panic . driver ready ? just as the 32 year - old nod yes , leavitt explode with he last bit of effort : kick just enough to nudge the camera , try to knock it over . the 32 year - old get he hand on it as it fall , almost catch it , slip out , smack the ground , battery pop off . the Driver and huge man both begin hammer Adam . passport officer ( 0.c. ) ( in Arabic ) GOD damn he ! 32 year - old pick the camera up again , try to re-attach the battery as Adam fight for he life . spit and claw and snot and blood rage . ext . cinder -block apartment - next moment 133 running down side stair , fleury spot a grenade launcher poke from a door , next - door to the apartment with blood - pool in front . ronald fleury rpg ! empty he clip into that vicinity : window shatter , wood splinter . the grenade launcher recede . Janet and Al - ghazi start to run . the launcher fire from its new position ... the trail suburban detonate . Al - ghazi and Janet knock flat on they ass for second and third time : daze . fleury search : I know that fuck with the rpg be reloading , how do I kill he . drop the bag off he shoulder , pull a grenade out , fire it as hard as he can : 40 yard on the fly . bounce just on the third floor landing - int . enemy apartment - same moment 134 - rpg soldier just lock the new rocket tube in , bring the reticle up to he eye . grenade blast split through what 's leave of the front window . 135 136 kingdom 8/18/06 125. Big flinch - tense on he part : rocket fire inside , roar down the hall , hit two foot in - front of the door passport Officer have be peak out of . massive , contain detonation . passport Officer vanish . the 32 year - old and he camera be blow through the Driver wait to see leavitt 's neck . because leavitt be hold so tight to the floor , he escape the worst of the blast . still fuck up . leavitt 's p.o.v. : ear roar with the ring , no sound . 32 year - old and Driver lay in a heap on the floor . huge man 's on he back , try to get up . leavitt breathes , roll to the Driver and the boy : grab driver 's blade . Hand to hand war as leavitt get he payback . he do not stop . ext . cinder -block apartment - same moment 135 syke take cover between two car , hold down the rear , fire warning shot and scream football play to freak out the local . syke thirty EIGHT razor mad dog !!! he fire above the crowd , as Janet head into the building . two little kide slowly approach carry water , obviously terrify at the sight of the wounded american . siren and helicopter sound in the distance . ext./ int . cinder -block apartment - next moment . 136 base of the stair : Mayes join fleury and a daze Al - ghazi & haytham . colonel al-ghazi a tunnel network through all this place ... they use attach civilian Apartments , innocent family . janet maye I do not like this people . ronald fleury we go in the front door . haytham - cover the stair . Janet - hallway . watch the side door . watch you back . Silent nod . brace for war ... +e * hf +e * hf * 137 kingdom 8/18/06 125a . they move 3 level up the stair into the building , follow the blood - trail from the suv to the apartment . people step out of they door . Al - ghazi aim at they : colonel al-ghazi ( in Arabic ) inside ! int . / ext . apartment 303 - next moment 137 the puddle of blood , a trail lead under the door . the front wall / window / entrance of the next apartment down , still smolder from fleury 's grenade . no sound , word . we team : finger on triggers , weapon to shoulder , sight - align . ten foot back . shoulder already flex with tension , expect a suicidal blast at any moment . Janet grab another grenade , move to secure the hallway . 138 kingdom 8/18/06 126. intercut syke outside . haytham on the stair . ronald fleury ( beat , to Al - ghazi ) be Allah on the other side of that door ? Al - ghazi raise he prayer bead to fleury . al-ghazi ( beat ) I think be about to find out , my friend . fleury move forward : I be primary through the door . Al - ghazi 's right with he . fleury get three - point-stance low , hit the door like Jim Brown . scatter gunfire . fleury open up in response . fleury never stop forward motion . stumble headlong into a kitchenette , hard into a refrigerator and cabinet , fire the whole time . Al - ghazi blast anything that look like a body . straight mop - up operation . int . cinder block apt - hallway - same moment 138 secure the hallway , Mayes step into a char apartment through door blow off hinge . she head in deeper , towards the bedroom . find the closet - it tunnel into the apartment below . she peer into the hole -- janet maye adam ?! 139 kingdom 8/18/06 127. -- see a bloody knife below throw by a unseen hand . Janet : wide - eye horror , about to pull back , when she be yanked into the hole by she hair . int . unknown room - next moment 139 huge man attack Janet . vicious hand to hand blow . still tie , leavitt do what he can , kick at the attacker . adrenaline morph Janet from scared and out-size to desperate and equally vicious . this be saving private ryan shit with leavitt as the observer . he 's no coward - he 's do everything he can . huge man overtake Janet , slow -choke she ... she 's gasp , die ... Janet have a knife out and be shredd the big man 's back right thigh and ass . both scream . from nowhere , fleury end the fight with a butt - end baseball -sw of the shot gun to huge man 's head . Janet : fuck up , but alive . janet maye ( to leavitt ) syke be go to kick you ass . Al - ghazi follow fleury into the room . lean to Janet , fleury see leavitt , put he hand on he head . leavitt 's somewhere else , tear in he eye , just take deep , measure breath . ronald fleury everybody ok ? slow nod from leavitt and Janet as fleury cut Adam 's tie . fleury there 's at least three more of they . as Janet 's eye catch on something : a sheet / half -ass backdrop hang from the ceiling have be nearly pull down - expose a crude square cut out of the wall - a path into another apartment . Janet point to the hole in the wall . this be not over : a seven - year old girl peer out at she , shaking , tear in she eye . Janet try she best motherly smile . janet maye it 's okay Little one . 140 kingdom 8/18/06 128. the little girl back away . Janet get up , steer leavitt outside . sit he down . hand he a Glock . fleury and Al - ghazi step through the hole . Janet follow . a blood trail snake through Little one 's room , out she door , and deeper into another apartment . Little girl long go into the main part of the apartment . then , Arabic scream , the metal -crash sound of automatic gunfire . siren overhear outside now . int . attached apartment - next moment 140 hustle cautious into the apartment . haytham stand in the room already : the muzzle of he AK still smoking , hold on a man down . the other occupant of the room be a_cower family : kide and a couple of real old folk , all terrify . a little boy cry by himself , huddle in a corner . the collateral damage of random violence . Janet quick scan the room . lock eye on the traumatize little boy , he innocence drain as she watch . can not take she eye away . tight on haytham : take this all in : the violence . the terror of this family , the defiance on the face of this young soul . Al - ghazi , post - game shake , a tear run down he cheek , spatter in blood , stare at fleury . the man haytham shot be not dead : rag gasp . fleury and Al - ghazi lock eye , then take in the tragedy of the room -- kid they child 's age , never to be the same . Al - ghazi to the room , in arabic : colonel al-ghazi be everyone alright ? Silent stare from the Saudis . the little girl Janet see earlier , eye still on Janet , move to she brother - he hold she tight , he eye down . Janet kneel , heart - break , hold she hand out : I can help you little one . the Little girl hold a fist out to Janet , tear in she eye : okay . Janet slowly crouch over to she , the older woman 's eye on she , pierce . colonel al -ghazi ( cont ’d ) ( to the little girl , in Arabic ) it 's okay . kingdom 8/18/06 129 . Little one tremble . one of the woman in the corner call to she in Arabic , sharp . Janet just stroke the back of she little bloody fist . her little hand open , shaking : this be a gift for you . Janet 's face ghost white : Little one be try to give she a_ marble ... Al - ghazi step closer , see the marble . process thing . immediately look over at the huddle mass : the grandfather stare right back at he . we now see the old man clearly . Al - ghazi shaking , slowly step to he , hand out ... colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) * ( in Arabic ) let I help you up , Old man ... the old man nod a ' no . 's colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) * ( in Arabic ) give I you hand ! Al - ghazi rip grandfather up now . the family scream . Al - ghazi pull the old man 's hand from under he thobe : miss finger . bend at the knee to look the Old man right in he eye , lift he chin with he hand . colonel al -ghazi ( cont 'd ) * ( daze , start to * realize ) * ..- hamza . * the old man look up at Al - ghazi : rage and defiance . * colonel al - ghazi ( cont 'd ) * I get you . Abu hamza , you be under arrest . abu hamza stare , hatred burn into Al - ghazi . nassar you be a traitor to you country ... a traitor to you God . colonel al - ghazi * I be no traitor to my God . you be . Al - ghazi 's chest explode before we hear the boom : the 15 ear- old grandson , fire a cheap , nickel - plate 9mm . everybody drop . the family huddle that much closer to the floor . Al - ghazi fall back to the floor , pull grandfather with he . 141 kingdom 8/18/06 130 . fleury 's stand stock still , out - of - body now : he can only see a teenager build like a river -reed , like he own Son ... not a murderer who just shot he friend . quiet-sick : ronald fleury «-- do not ... the 15 year - old step to the doorway , pull the trigger again : the cheap 9 mm jam . Janet lift up with she AK , aim it at the boy 's chest . ronald fleury ( cont ’d ) .-.- drop it , son...please ... ... the teenager wiping he tear : so he can see clear enough to clear he jamme weapon . half young boy , the other half something much more dangerous ... expert movement from he hand , rack back the slide , thumbing the still smoking shell from the ejector , let the slide go , rack another round into the chamber . then ... fleury finally pull he trigger . utter distortion as the old man reach for the teenager 's fall hand gun . Janet , scream , raise she gun towards the old man as Al - ghazi shoot the old man in the chest . sob , the little boy run to he fall grandfather . Janet , still scream , cover the family . the grandfather whisper something we cannot hear in the Little Boy 's ear . tight on haytham take it all in : the bleed , die teenager ; he hysterical sister ; hamza choke , clutching for he grandson . chaos , confusion , conflict swirl in haytham 's eye . a platoon of saudi police slowly enter the room . Janet go to the shot 15 year old , start try to stop the bleed ... fleury reach for the die Al - ghazi , cradling he . tear spill as he eye move from the die boy to the old man , back down to Al - ghazi . fleury grasp Al - ghazi 's hand , as a Saudi man would . ronald fleury ( cont 'd ) you get he . you get he ... you get he . ext . cinder block apartment - later 141 * + eh 142 143 143alt kingdom 8/18/06 131. wide on the crime scene . from the air as chopper hover and soldier swarm . smash to : int . convoy - saudi arabia 142 one last convoy head out of town . fleury , leavitt , Janet , and syke : batter war scar , million mile stare . ext . prince sultan airbase - later 143 we crew watch from a desert terminal as a C - 130 touch down . haytham enter : come to say good - bye . the team 's first smile -- collective . fleury stare at haytham ... think about what he 's see the past few day ...how he have come to admire this kid . haytham smile , bandage himself . halting and awkward , he shake Janet 's hand . haytham ( in Arabic ) thank you . janet maye thank you , Lieutenant haytham . haytham say good bye to leavitt and syke . come to fleury . hand he a beautiful wooden prayer bead necklace . haytham May peace be with you . fleury May peace be with all of we , my friend . the two man shake hand . omitted 143alt 144 145 a146 b146 omitted omitted - see scene 150 omitted omitted kingdom 8/18/06 132. 144 145 a146 b146 146 kingdom 8/18/06 133. int . WASHINGTON field office - cubicle - day 146 fleury , syke , leavitt and Janet sit around Janet 's cubicle . bandage , awkward silence , and 1000 - yard stare . subpoenas stack on the corner of Janet 's desk . leavitt quiet , obviously fuck up . Grace approach . director grace we be go to testify next Tuesday . fleury 's go first . I be gonna go through it with each of you one on one in advance - make sure we be all on the same page . if they ask if we have talk about this , the answer be unequivocally '' no . '' ok ? ( beat ) you do outstanding work over there . I be proud of you . you hold you head high . silence from the team . director grace ( cont 'd ) ronnie , you ready ? ronald fleury yeah . Grace turn to leave . fleury get up to follow . they head down the hallway . adam leavitt Janet ... my dream be ... ( beat , intent ) what do he whisper to you ? confusion from Janet . adam leavitt ( cont ’d ) in the briefing ... to get you to stop cry about Fran ... before any of this ... before we even get airborne ? what do he say to you ? Janet look up : leavitt wait ... flash to : * he hhh hf HH HH hhh F * * hf ff hhh ff * 147 kingdom 8/18/06 133a . ext . suweidi graveyard - day 147 the eight year - old grandson . tear in he eye , stand in front of fresh grave . his aunt kneel down next to he , tear flow , in Arabic : aunt will you tell I what grandfather whisper to you before they take he ? he turn to he aunt ... back to : kingdom 8/18/06 134 . 148 int . WASHINGTON field office - continuous 148 leavitt still wait : adam leavitt do you remember ? Janet look at leavitt , pause ... janet maye ( alt : ronald fleury ) ( reluctantly ) he say ... '' we will kill they all . '' ( alt : '' we will win this . '' '' we will end this . '' '' we will finish this . '' ) flash to : 149 ext . suweidi graveyard - same moment 149 the boy quietly answer , in Arabic : grandson '' do not worry : we will kill they all . '' and in he saucer - wide brown eye , shrink - wrap in angry tear , we see the part of the future that will burn . 149a omitted 149a * +h hk kingdom 8/18/06 135 . 150 ext . WASHINGTON , DC park - time lapse 150 sunlight shine tight on fleury 's face : stitches the length of he cheek remain . pull out : fleury and he son throw a baseball . lyla watch , stand by a tree . kingdom 8/18/06 136 . Father and son throw the ball back and forth . kevin fleury you stop the people that hurt uncle Fran ? fleury stop , just stare at he little son . toss back the ball . kevin fleury ( cont ’d ) do you get the bad guy , daddy ? fleury catch the ball , stare at he son . tight on fleury : he reach and pull he son close , hold he for what might just be forever ... ( alt : he hand Kevin Al - ghazi 's prayer bead . ) kevin fleury ( cont ’d ) there 's a lot of bad people out there ... be not there , daddy ? ronald fleury yeah , there be ... ( a beat ) but you want to know something ? kevin fleury what ? ronald fleury you be not one of they . ( alt : there 's a lot of good guy , too ) Kevin smile up at he dad . for the first time in a long while , fleury smile back . black . + HH fh *