king kong written by Fran walsh , philippa boyen and Peter Jackson base on a Story by merian c. Cooper and Edgar wallace 1 . ext . central park - day close on : a scrawny monkey scratch . angle on : defeat , listless animal , in the bleak environ of a dilapidate zoo . wider : it be central park zoo in depression era new york . the park itself be like a garbage dump , dot with squalid shanty towns . against this bleak image , the SOUND of a bright , brassy song fade up : Al jolson , sing " I be sitting on top of the World " . the sky line of manhattan rise in the background , a grim steaming jungle on this cold fall day . I ext . NY street - day long continue over : image : the crowded street of new york ... beneath the bustle be a sense of despair . long soup line snake along the street . the hungry search through rubbish bin for food . skyscraper rise steadily upwards as more people be evict from they home . homeless sleep amid steaming vent and garbage strewn gutter . intercut : int . vaudeville theatre - night song continue over : I sanny , a old - time vaudevillian , hurriedly fix a large droopy moustache on to a young woman' top lip ... this be ann darrow . image : weird and wonderful snatch of vaudeville act follow ... singer , juggler , box lady . E intercut with : ext . NY street - day the color and music contrast with the soup line and slumped shoulder of the real world . int . vaudeville theatre - night angle on : ann on stage ... dress as a elegant gent , she launch into `I be just Wild about Harry ' with harry , a larger - than - life performer dress in a frilly dress , brassy red wig and falsie . 2 . manny 's character join in ... sneezing loudly and cause ann to take a sudden prat fall . no so the routine build ... ann and harry sing and dance ... manny sneezing ... ann fall . the audience look on with bored expression on they face . all except one man at the back , who be laughing hysterically . close on : ann throw everything into she act ... sweat roll down she face ... she try not to get distract by the laughing , wheeze man . wider : a smatter of applause from the tiny audience . 40 people in a theatre design for 500 . crash cut : int . dressing room - night close on : manny in the noisy , crowded dressing room , which be full of vaudeville performers in various stage of undress . manny fire off a loud comical sneeze . he look around at the other . anny that 's a funny one ! be not that funnier ? harry it 's hysterical , manny . as long as we be laugh we will not be cry over the box office . talk about depress . angle on : ann sit down at a mirror , start to take off she vest ... a book entitle " isolation " by Jack driscoll lie half open on the counter top nearby ... ann twenty girl in feather boas prancing around like circus pony ! that 's depress ! angle on : maude , a blowsy singer , lighting up a cigarette . maude ( fondly ) I love a good chorus line ! close on : ann brush she hair . tap , a young tap dancer , lean across and pick up the book . tap what 's this ? ann it 's a play . 3. manny who write it , Annie ? tap some guy - driscoll . read the jacket of book ) from the Federal theatre . aude do not knock it , honey - at least they get a audience . ann it will pick up .... ai not that right , manny ? the dressing room go suddenly quiet ... manny look away , refuse to meet ann 's eye . ann ( cont would ) ( trail off ) it always do . ext . dressing room alleyway - night manny and ann emerge from the stage door , into a alleyway . night and winter be set in ... manny splutter out another loud sneeze . manny the trick be to start the build right at the back of you throat ... ( sneezing comically ) Works well out through the nose too . ann have you eat today ? manny ( sheepish ) oh , I be not hungry . do not worry about I . ann hey - you be all I have get . ann slip she arm through manny'' ... ann ( cont would ) come on - take I to dinner . manny you think the kitchen will still be open on third ? 4. ann Soup and biscuit - perfect . cut to : ext . vaudeville theatre - day wide on : the vaudeville theatre . the door be chain close . workmen be up ladder , take the hoarding down sign and put a large sign up : theatre close till further notice ... ann ( call out to Harry ) hey ! Harry , what 's go on ? angle on : ann ... rattling the heavy steel chain that be locked around the door to the vaudeville theatre ... ann ( cont would ) hey , open up ! we work here . a workman up a ladder smirk down at she . ladder man not anymore . a motley collection of vaudeville performers cluster on the sidewalk ... near they a incongruous assortment of prop and costume litter the STREET ... maude ( call at some workmen ) it 's all right for you ! we have not have a pay check in two week - how we go to eat ? ann they be not go to get away with this . lose on : maude look bleakly at ann ... aude they just do . ann try to gather up prop - manny 's broom , she top - hat , harry parasol ... manny ( o.s. ) Ann ... Annie ! it 's no use . ann turn ... manny be stand quietly to one side . anny ( cont would ) the show it 's over - it 's do . be do . I be leave , Annie ... I be go back to Chicago . I be sorry ... angle on : ann stare at manny in shock .. 5 . manny ( cont would ) I be sorry , Ann . ever since you be small people have be let you down . but you gotta think of yourself now . you should try out for that part . ann look at he warily ... manny ( cont would ) it 's what you have always want . oh , I know what you be think - every time you reach out for something you care about ... fate come along and snatch it away . manny , grab ann be hand ... manny ( cont would ) but not this time , Annie ... not this time . lose on : ann as she digest manny'' word ... the loud rumble of a EL train thunder overhead ... ext . NY street - day angle on : weston , a new york theatre producer , stride out of he office , a copy of variety tuck under he arm ... ann ( faux nonchalance ) oh , hello Mr. Weston ?! weston turn and see ann ... he quicken he step . weston oh , jeez ... angle on : ann fall into step beside weston as he hurry along the busy sidewalk . weston ( cont would ) look , miss ... I tell you already ; call my office - leave you resume with my secretary . ann doggedly follow weston ... ann why would I want to do that when we can talk about it in person ? weston because that 's what a smart girl would do . ann but I already send you my resume - you return it unopen . 6 . weston what can I say ? Jack driscoll 's very particular about who he work with . ann please , just a audition - that 's all I be ask . weston esus - you do not give up , do you ? ann Mr. Weston , I know this role backwards . eston ell , that 's too bad - because we just give the part to someone else . sorry , kid - the play be cast . they be stand outside a italian restaurant ... weston go to enter ... ann catch a glimpse of plate of food and glass of wine . she quickly look away . weston catch the glance and stop . weston ( cont would ) look - I know time be tough . you want my advice ? use what you get . you be not bad look - a girl like you do not have to starve . hope flicker in ann' eye as weston fish into he pocket for a pen and business card . he scribbles down a address . weston ( cont would ) there 's a new place , just open . ( hand to she ) listen , princess - this gig be not the Palace , you understand ? ask for Kenny K. tell he I send you . weston hand she the business card ... ann look down at the address , not recognize it . she look at he questioningly . eston ( cont would ) ( evasive ) just play the date , take the money and forget you be ever there . close on : ann stare down at the piece of paper in she hand . int . NY screening room - day lickering b&amp ; W image : tiger roaring ... bruce baxter , in a pith helmet , stalking through undergrowth ... he raise he rifle and fire ! click ! the gun be jammed . bruce turn to camera , speak soundlessly . 7. close on : a sleepy look lion . a piece of meat be lower into frame ... denham appear briefly hold the meat . he be attempt to stir the yawn animal into life . camera tilt up briefly revealing the bar of a cage . preston' face appear C above a clapper board ... " take 5 " lose on : carl denham sit in the smoky screening room . he be nervous ... he eye flick from one investor to the other ... try to read the room . zelman how much more be there ? assistant another five reel . zelman light up . Light flood the room as the wash out image on screen be extinguish . denham notice a sleazy look investor wake up with a start . thuggish investor this be it ? this be what we get for we forty grand , denham ? another one of you safari picture ? leazy investor you promise we romantic scene with Bruce baxter and Maureen McKenzie . denham come on , fella - you know the deal - we agree to push Maureen 's start date so she could get she tooth fix . thuggish investor it 's not the principle of the thing - it 's the money . elman Carl - you have be in production for over two month - denham trust I , Bruce and Maureen be gonna steam up the screen - once we get they on the ship . Z elman what ship ? denham the one we have hire to get to the location . denham hurriedly pull himself up - as zelman turn on he . 8. zelman what location ? Carl - you be suppose to be shoot on the back - lot . denham yes , I understand that - but fella , we be not make that film anymore - and I will tell you why . denham get out of he seat and move to the front of the room . denham ( cont would ) the story have change , the script have be rewritten . denham turn to face the room , whipping a tatter map out of he pocket . denham ( cont would ) life intervene ! I have come into possession of a map . grow excitement ) the soul survive record of a uncharter island , a place that be think to exist only in myth ... until now ! zelman whoa ! Carl - slow down ! sleazy investor be he askin ' for more money ? thugish investor he 's ask we to fund a wild goose - chase . denham I be talk about a primitive world ... never before see by man ! the ruin of a entire civilisation - the most spectacular thing you have ever see ! ( dramatic pause ) that 's where I will shoot my picture ! silence for a beat ... and then - sleazy investor will there be booby ? denham be momentarily speechless . denham Excuse I , booby ? 9 . sleazy investor jigglies , jablonger , bazoomer ! ... in my experience people only go to this film to observe the ... undrape form of the native girl . denham what be you - a idiot ? you think they ask De mille to waste he time on nudie shot ? no - they respected the film maker , they show some class ! not that you would know what that mean - you cheap low-life ! zelman shift uncomfortably in he seat as thuggish shoot he a angry look . zelman would you step outside for a moment , Carl ? denham look at they ... the investor avoid eye contact . int . screening room lobby - day as denham step into the lobby , preston , he long suffering assistant wait on a sofa . denham point suddenly to the glass of water on the table next to preston . denham gimme that - quick ! preston hand he the water . preston you will not like it , it 's non- alcoholic ! denham empty the glass into a pot plant . denham Preston , you have a lot to learn about the motion picture business . angle on : denham quietly place the glass against the screening room door , and press he ear against it . int . NY screening room - day zelman look to the investor . zelman do not write he off fella . he 's hot - head sure , but Carl denham 's make some interesting picture , he 's have a lot of ... near success . 10 . thuggish investor ( interrupt ) he 's a preen self promoter ... int . screening room lobby - day close on : denham listen ... thuggish investor ( o.s. ) ( through the door ) ... a ambitious no - talent ! the guy have " loser " write all over he . elman ( o.s. ) look , I understand you disappointment . hugish investor ( o.s. ) he 's wash up - it 's all over town ! sleazy investor ( o.s. ) he can not direct . he do not have the smart . int . screening room lobby - day thuggish investor this jump up little turd 's gonna bankrupt we . zelman the animal footage have value ? sleazy investor sure ... universal be desperate for stock footage . thuggish investor then sell it ! scrap the picture ! we gotta retrieve something from this debacle . Z elman nod ... gesture to the young assistant . zelman get he back in . angle on : the young assistant open the door , step into the lobby which be ... young assistant Mr. denham ? ... empty . 11 . ext . new york street - day angle on : denham and preston hurry down the crowded sidewalk - struggle under the weight of 8 film can ! denham be glance back over he shoulder . denham I want the cast and crew on the ship within the hour . reston of Carl , you can not do this ! denham tell `em the studio 's pressured we into a early departure . preston it 's not ethical ! denham hat be they gonna do - sue I ? they can get in line ! I be not go to let they kill my film . angle on : preston follow denham , who step off the curb ... and flag a cab down . he cut across the busy road , preston hurry behind . reston ou realize none of the camera equipment be on board . we have no permit ... no visa ... denham hat 's why I have you , Preston . reston we have no insurance , no foreign currency - in fact , we have no currency of any kind - angle on : denham look back across the STREET and notice a angry investor head towards he . denham get in there ! preston suddenly find himself bundled into the back of a cab . preston ho 's gonna pay for the ship ? quick moment : the sleazy investor grab at the partially OPEN back window of the cab . sleazy investor get out of there ! 12 . denham hurriedly wind the window shut ... the sleazy investor yelp with pain , as he yank he jammed finger away from the cab ! denham tep on it ! sleazy investor ( furious ) you be finish , denham ! angle on : preston sprawle on the seat , amid a pile of film can , as the cab speed away ! denham of not worry Preston - I have have a lot of practice at this : I be real good at crapping the crapper . CUT to : later ... aerial wide : denham cab cruise along the crowded street of new york . denham and two dozen of Mr. Walker 's finest ... preston ( o.s. ) Red label , 80 % proof - pack in a crate mark " lemonade " . int . NY cab - day angle on : preston and denham sit on the back seat . preston be feverishly scribbling on he notepad . denham you get it ... and tell Maureen - she do not have six hour to put on she face . if she want to be in this picture , she 's gotta be on that boat ! preston she do not want to be in this picture . denham look at he blankly . p reston ( cont would ) Maureen pull out . denham she pull out ?! reston yesterday . I tell you . 13 . denham ( suspicious think ) you say we be shoot in Singapore , right ? that 's what you tell she ? preston but we be not shoot in Singapore . denham exasperation ) goddammit , Preston ! all you have to do be look she in the eye and lie . denham turn away , he brain whirring ... think hard ... denham ( cont would ) I gotta get to a phone ... talk to harlow 's people . preston he` unavailable . high wide : denham cab wend it 's way through busy new york street ... denham ( o.s. ) myrna loy ? Clara bow ? mae West ? preston mae West ?! no ! she have to be a size four ! int . NY cab - day angle on : preston and denham sit on the back seat . preston ou gotta get a girl who will fit Maureen 's costume . denham ( sudden inspiration ) fay 's a size four ! preston es she be , but she be do a picture with rko . denham look away , mutter to himself ... denham ooper huh ? ( darkly ) I might have know . 14 . ext . NY street - day angle on : the cab screech to a sudden halt in mid - traffic ... denham jump out , leave preston in protest ... preston we gotta delay the shoot - shut production down ... we can not sail tonight ! denham not a option . reston Carl ! denham I say I would find a girl . denham turn and look at preston briefly . denham ( cont would ) for godsake , Preston - think like a winner . call Jack ... I need that goddamn screenplay ! angle on : denham lean in the window , preston look on perplexed . denham ( cont would ) defeat be always momentary . denham bang the cab roof with he hand , and then stride off confidently along the street . ext . burlesque theatre - evening close on : a series of photo of semi naked women , with feather boas and peacock fan ... gaudy banner proclaim miss lily Rose ... delaware du boise ... Velvet cushion ... W ider : denham be stand outside a tacky burlesque theatre . he straighten he tie and head towards the door . angle on : a couple of large girl , follow by a smaller girl , arrive for work and enter the burlesque theatre ... denham eye the bigger girl , then choose to follow the smaller one . angle on : denham be reach for the door handle to go inside , when he suddenly pause , he eye catch by the reflection in the glass door ... lose on : ann ... stand in the middle of the sidewalk . she be unaware of denham watch she . ann stare grimly at the burlesque hoarding , the flyer clutch in she hand , a small knot of anger form in she stomach . lose on : denham 's hand let go of the door . his eye lock on ann through the sea of pedestrian . 15 . ann angrily crumple the flyer , drop it in the gutter and walk C away from the theatre . lose on : denham ... watch she leave . ext . fruit stall - evening a busy fruit stall on the sidewalk . the vendor be hurriedly hand out apple and pockete nickel . angle on : ann walk slowly by ... she eye on the fruit . she glance at the vendor , swipe a apple from the tray , and quickly move on , slip the apple into she pocket . ann be arm be suddenly grabbed ! the angry vendor pull she hand out of she pocket , which be still clutching the steal apple . vendor ( angry ) you gonna pay for this ? ann try to pull away . the vendor 's grip on she arm tighten . denham ( o.s. ) Excuse I ... angle on : denham step up behind they up holding a nickel ... denham ( cont would ) ma'am , I think you drop this . angle on : the vendor snatch the nickel from denham be finger . int . NY diner - evening angle on : ann be eat from a full plate , try to disguise she hunger . denham walk over carry a cup of coffee . denham vaudeville huh ? I work vaudeville once ... that be a tough audience . if you do not kill they fast , they kill you . ann Mr. denham - I want you to know that I be not in the habit of accept charity from stranger , or for that matter ... take thing that do not belong to I . D denham t be obviously a terrible misunderstanding . ann it 's just that , I have not be pay in a while ... 16 . denham mock sincerity ) that 's awful . anyway , Ann - may I call you Ann ? denham lean forward ... lowering he voice . denham ( cont would ) ... you would not happen to be a size four by any chance ? ann pause mid way through a mouthful of food , she appetite suddenly drain away . she abruptly stand . denham ( cont would ) no! oh God , no ! you have get I all wrong . miss darrow , please ! I be not that type of person at all ! ann what type of person be you ? denham I be someone you can trust , Ann . I be a movie producer . ( sincere ) believe I , I be on the level , no funny business . please , sit down - please ... please . ann hesitates a moment before sit down once again . denham ( cont would ) ( pitching the film ) Ann , I want you to imagine a handsome explorer bound for the Far East . ann you be filming in the Far East ? angle on : denham look she in the eye and lie . denham Singapore . on board ship he meet a mysterious girl . she 's beautiful ... she 's fragile ... haunt ... ann look up ... catch by the tale denham be weaving . denham ( cont would ) she can not escape the feel that force beyond she control be compelling she down a road from which she cannot draw back . it 's as if she whole life have be a prelude to this moment - this fateful meeting that change everything . and sure enough , against she better judgement - 17 . ann she fall in love . denham yes ! ann but she do not trust it . she 's not even sure if she believe in love . denham oh really ? ann if she love someone - it 's doom . denham why be that ? ann good thing never last , Mr. denham . a awkward pause ... ann look away , have reveal too much . denham consider she a beat , realise something ... denham so you be interested ? angle on : denham hurriedly gather up he hat and coat . denham ( cont would ) that 's settle then . I do not want to rush you - but we be under some time pressure here . ann well I really - denham Ann ? I be tell you , you be perfect - look at you ! you be the saddest girl I ever meet ... you be gonna make `em weep , Ann - you be gonna break they heart ! ann see , that 's where you be wrong , Mr. denham , I make people laugh , that 's what I do . ann suddenly stand . ann ( cont would ) good luck with you picture . denham follow ann to the door ... denham ( grow desperation ) Ann ! miss darrow ! please ! 18 . I be offer nham ( cont would ) do you money , adventure , fame ... the thrill of a lifetime and a long sea voyage . you wanna read a script ? Jack driscoll 's turn in a draft as we speak . ann stop and turn . a ann Jack driscoll ? denham ure . why - wait ! you know he ? ann well , no - not personally . I have see he play . denham , sense she interest , start to get excited . denham what a writer , huh ? and let I tell you Ann , Jack driscoll do not want just anyone star in this picture . he say to I , " Carl , somewhere out there be a woman bear to play this role ... " ( quiet realization ) and as soon as I see you , I know - ann ( uneasy ) knew what ? denham it be always go to be you . slow push in on ann as she realise she be stand on the brink of a life change moment . ext . NY dock - night angle on : the crowded dock ... a clutter of ship and shanty towns . a cab drive onto the dock . denham hop out and hold the door open for ann , who emerge carry a batter suitcase . ann stare at a large ocean go liner that rise above she . ann ( awestruck ) be this the move picture ship ? denham not exactly ... it 's actually this one over here . angle on : denham be stride towards a rusty batter tramp steamer on the other side of the wharf ! this be " the venture " . 19 . denham ( cont would ) do not let appearance deceive you . it 's much more spacious on board . haye haul away ... rough look sailor be work hard to get the boat under way . hurried activity everywhere , crate be load ; smoke begin pour from the stack ... denham cross and talk to mike and herb who stand next to some film gear . denham be this all of the equipment ? this be all of it ? we be take the Bell and howell ? good . you get all the lense - you get the two and the six ? preston ( o.s. ) Carl ! denham yes - to mike and herb ) get it on board , fella . come on . a ngle on : preston hurry down the gangway . he rush up to denham ... he eye flick to ann , but he pull denham to one side . preston ( urgent whisper ) they be on they way . I have just have word . denham who ? preston ( whisper ) Men in uniform . the studio call the cop ! a flash of fear cross denham face ... denham call across to a tall figure who be supervise the load of the ship . denham englehorn ! cast off ! hoist up the mainsail - raise the anchor , whatever the hell it be you do - we gotta leave . englehorn I cannot do that ... we be wait on the manifest . denham what ? who ? English - please ! 20 . englehorn ( dryly ) paperwork , Mr. denham . denham lean in conspiratorially ... denham ( low voice ) I will give you another thousand to leave right now . englehorn you have not give I the first thousand yet . denham glance at ann , flustered and embarrassed . denham can we talk about this later . can not you see we be in the company of a VIP guest ? englehorn 's gaze fall upon ann ... englehorn ma'am ... ann Ann darrow . englehorn so you be ready for this voyage , miss darrow ? ann sure ... englehorn nervous ? ann nervous - no . why ? should I be ? ann look take aback ... englehorn it be not every woman who would take such a risk . denham throw preston a look ! preston ( hurriedly ) why do not I show miss darrow to she cabin ? denham wonderful idea , thank you , Preston . 21 . preston miss darrow , if you would just - hi , my name be Preston , Carl 's assistant . denham pull he cheque book from he jacket pocket . denham two thousand - it 's a deal ... will you take a cheque ? englehorn do I have a choice ? E ext . venture / NY dock - night angle on : preston go to lead ann up the gang way past some rough - look sailor , onto the ship - " the venture " . preston please , follow I . if there 's anything that you need ... `excuse I fella , if there 's anything that you need please do not hesitate to ... ask ... preston turn back to see ann hesitate at the bottom of the gang way ... a unnerve expression on she face ... ann step forward ... deep breath , she follow preston . int . engine room - night beefy sailor shovel coal into the ship' furnace ... another crank a valve on the piston . int . denham cabin - night angle on : denham enter he cabin look flustered . he be startled to find jack driscoll wait for he . driscoll be a writer , well dress in a shabby sort of way . denham Jesus , Jack - you scared I ! denham cross to a cabinet and break into a crate of johnny WALKER . denham ( cont would ) listen , if anyone come to the door , do not open it . you have not see I ... say I get depressed and commit suicide . say I stick my head down a toilet ! hold up a bottle ) you want one ? 22 . jack no ! I can not stay , Carl . I have a rehearsal for which I be now ... check watch ) ... three hour late . jack throw a few script page across the table . denham what 's this ? jack it 's the script . denham this be a script ? Jack ... this be fifteen page . ack I know - but they be good ! you have get fifteen good page there , Carl ! denham I be suppose to be make a feature length picture . jack you tell I I have more time . I be sorry . look I gotta go . denham Jack - no - you can not do this to I ! I have a beginning but I need a middle and a end ! I gotta have something to shoot . the ship' engine roar into life ... jack stand to leave . jack you get my note - I gotta go . see you . close on : denham look dismayed . he stare blankly at the rush of activity through the porthole window behind jack . ov : the venture's crew hurriedly release rope in preparation for the ship 's imminent departure . denham be expression slowly change ... denham alright , fine . we might as well settle up . jack look astonished as denham pull out he cheque book . jack you be go to pay I ? 23 . denham I be not go to stiff a friend . ack I have never know you to volunteer cash before ... denham how do two grand sound ? jack sound great ! denham think it might . denham be eye flick to the window ... see sailor be haul up the gangplank . ngle on : a sailor crank a series of valve as the ship' piston crank in to life . denham sign the cheque , and hand it over with a flourish ... D denham ( cont would ) ( signing with a flourish ) voila ! jack snatch the cheque and turn to leave . jack thanks ... jack glance at it . jack ( cont would ) Carl ... you have write " two Grand " . denham take the cheque back ... denham so I do ... sorry about that ( screwing it up ) let 's start from the beginning . denham ( cont would ) ( write ) " two thousand dollar " ... angle on : the ship 's piston pump faster . denham look up at jack , a confuse look on he face . denham ( cont would ) it be the 29th , be not it ? jack ( anxious ) come on - it 's the 25th , Carl , the 25th ! 24 . angle on : jack suddenly realise the ship be about to leave . denham I be sorry . let I just ... it will just take a second . denham screw up the cheque again ! the vibration of the engine pick up . jack head for the door ! jack never mind , pay I when you get back ! denham ( know ) alright ... okay ... int . engine room - night close on : the ship gauge spring into action . ext . venture stern crane down the stern of the ship as the propeller kick into action . int . ship' corridor - night ngle on : bruce baxter walk along the corridor , with preston follow behind laden with luggage . bruce be in he early thirty ... he be quick witted , sophisticated and charming ... but he career as a screen actor have badly stall . preston you cabin 's just down here , Mr. baxter . May I say how excited we be to have you back with we , Sir . angle on : jack be hurry down the corridor towards the door . he feel the ship moving ! he suddenly collide with bruce , who thrust a suitcase at he . bruce be a sport and lend we a hand . jack oh , Christ ! jack look desperately out of the porthole , double back and bolt away . bruce ( dryly ) appreciate the help , fella . preston let I get the door for you - welcome to you state room sir . 25 . int . bruce's cabin - night angle on : bruce be clearly unimpress with the tiny cabin . he react to the smell . reston know , that 's not a nice smell be it ? I be sure it will disperse in a day or two . do I ever mention how much I love you work , Mr. baxter ? I have see every one of you picture ... even the silent one . ruce I have not make any silent one . bruce gently close the door in preston' face - leave he silently cursing to himself in the corridor . ext . venture wheelhouse - night angle on : the propeller churn through the water ... englehorn watch the venture pull away from the dock ... satisfied , he enter the wheelhouse ... englehorn Dead slow ahead both , Mr haye . haye Dead slow ahead both , Captain . ext . venture / NY dock - night angle on : jack emerge from the labyrinthine ship interior and rush to the rail of the ship ... he freeze in horror ! jack oh Christ ! angle on : the ship be pulling away from the dock ... 6 foot ... 7 foot ... jack contemplate jumping for a moment : jack ( cont would ) goddammit ! ext . NY dock police car race along the dock towards the venture , siren wail . ext . venture deck - night jack slump on the deck in despair . he 's miss he chance to get off the ship . 26 . denham step up behind jack , just as a police car , follow by zelman and the investor , pull up on the dock in the distance . denham I keep tell you , Jack , there 's no money in theatre . CUT to : ext . NY dock - night the investor leap out of the car . sleazy investor no , no , no ! ext . venture deck - night the venture steam past the light of manhattan . denham you be much better off stick with film . jack I do not do it for the money , Carl . I happen to love the theatre . denham of , you do not . jack look at he exasperate as denham casually tap he pipe on the rail of the boat . denham ( cont would ) if you really love it , you would have jump . ext . NY dock - night wide on : zelman throw he hat to the ground in anger as the venture pull away from the dock . ext . new york harbour - night wide on : the venture steam away from the dock , pass under the manhattan bridge . int . ann be cabin - night close on : ann test she mattress with she hand . ann straighten &amp ; turn , perching on the edge of the bunk . 27 . preston ( apologetic ) I hope you find it to you like ... it 's quite comfortable . you towel and linen be underneath the bed . that be the wash basin . I know , that 's not a pleasant smell - be it ? I be sure it will disperse in a day or two . reston dance over to the wardrobe . preston ( cont would ) the closet ... you costume - I hope you will find everything be in order . if there be anything that you need , please do not hesitate to ask ... fresh water , perhaps ? I can bring it to you personally . preston be interrupt by a knock on the cabin door ... angle on : the door open and denham enter . he thrust a bottle of johnny WALKER scotch into ann' hand ... denham knock knock ! we can not have we lead lady deprive of the necessity of life . to preston ) do I a favour - run a bottle down to Jack . it will fend off he migraine . preston they be still try to find a place for he to sleep . denham ( to preston ) you tell he my typewriter be available for hire ? reston yes - he do not take it well . preston depart down the corridor . ann ( confuse ) Mr. driscoll ...? denham turn and look at ann . ann ( cont would ) he 's on board ? denham Jack have he heart set on come . call I a softie - I could not say no . 28 . int . ship hold - night angle on : choy be show jack to he sleep quarter , carry blanket . jack stare in disbelief at the dingy hold strewn with straw bale and empty animal cage . he react to the smell . choy this room very comfortable , plenty dim light ... fresh straw . jack what would you keep down here ? choy lion , tiger , hippo - you name it . Jack what , do you sell they to Zoos ? choy Zoos ... circus ... ( lower voice ) skipper get big money for rare animal . ( alarmed ) careful ! camel have bad accident on floor . stain unremovable ... jack look down . he 's stand in a dark , viscous puddle of gunge . choy ( cont would ) ( lower voice ) skipper catch any animal you want . he do you real good price on rhite wino . E englehorn ( sternly ) choy ! angle on : choy clam up as englehorn stroll into the hold . englehorn ( cont would ) my apology for not be able to offer you a cabin . have you find a enclosure to you taste ? jack ( dryly ) spoilt for choice . englehorn survey a couple of large cage . englehorn what be you , Mr. driscoll , a lion or a chimpanzee ? jack open a cage large enough to sleep in . 29 . jack maybe , I will take this one . he step back with surprise as a wooden crate topples , spilling out a large medical bottle . choy look up in SHOCK as the bottle roll towards englehorn who coolly trap it with he foot . E englehorn I tell you to lock it up . choy ( scared ) sorry , skipper ! lumpy say - englehorn ( interrupt ) lumpy do not give the order . what be you try to do ? put the whole ship to sleep ? get they out of here ! englehorn hand the bottle to a nervous choy . jack stare at the crate stack in the cage . close on : pile of bottle , all mark " chloroform " . ext . venture - day wide on : the venture plough through a heavy swell . int . bruce's cabin - day ngle on : bruce pin movie poster from some of he previous film on he cabin wall ... he step back , admire they . int . ship hold - day angle on : jack , sit in the hold , tapping on a old typewriter propped up on box . he be clearly very queasy , as he try to stay focuss on the typewriter keys . he see jimmy carry a tray come into view , he cough and clam up . jimmy compliment of the chef - angle on : jimmy unload the bowls of grey look stew from the tray . lose on : jimmy put the BOWL next to jack ... who take one look at it , and squeezy he eye close . jack ( o.s. ) oh Christ - oh God ! jimmy lamb brain in walnut sauce . 30 . the cage and rope sway with each roll of the wave ... jimmy walk away . angle on : jack look very nauseate ... haye ( o.s. ) Jimmy ! jimmy spin round , a guilty look on he face . haye ( cont would ) you run that rope up on deck like I tell you ? jimmy do it now , Mr. haye . angle on : jimmy try to slip past , but haye grab he wrist . haye how about you return Mr. driscoll 's pen first ? close on : a expensive fountain pen drop from jimmy hand and clatter to the floor . quick as a eel , jimmy scamper away . haye shake he head , and pick up the pen ... hand it back . haye ( cont would ) he do not mean any harm . I will keep he out of jyour way . ack no , it 's okay . haye it 's just he like it down here , it 's where I find he ... four year ago ... stow away in one of they cage . his arm be break in two place , he be wilder than half the animal in here . still will not tell I where he come from - all I know , it be not any place good . ext . venture deck - day angle on : jimmy be sorting nets up on deck . nearby haye rest against the railing . haye you gotta straighten up . you do not want to be on this ship for the rest of you life . jimmy I do . 31 . haye no , you do not , Jimmy . you wanna get yourself educate . give yourself some option . take this serious . jimmy I do , Mr. haye , I do ! look , I have be readin ' . jimmy pull a batter book out of he coat pocket . haye take the book . it have a painting of a tramp steamer on the cover and the title : heart of darkness by Joseph conrad . haye where do you get this ? jimmy ( prevaricate ) I borrow it ... haye flick the book open and see " property of New York Public Library " stamp on the interior of the dust jacket . jimmy ( cont would ) ... on long term loan . look at this . jimmy point to the print byline on the back of the book . jimmy ( cont would ) " adventure on a tramp steamer " . see - just like we . ext . venture / ocean wide on : the venture as it cut through open ocean . int . ann be cabin - day ann be hold a copy of jack play " isolation " ... she be stand in front of a mirror rehearse she introduction . ann it 's nice to meet you Mr. driscoll - I be actually quite familiar with you work . ( try again ) oh yes ! ... hello , Mr driscoll - it 's so nice to meet you ! actually , I be quite familiar with you work . I be a huge fan ! ( one more time ) I have read everything you have ever write . ann be face fall in despair - she can not get rid of she nerve about meeting the famous jack driscoll . 32 . int . mess room - day a few sailor be finish breakfast . preston , herb and mike be seat at a table . angle on : mike pack away he headphone and SOUND recording equipment . m ike I be gonna have the ship ' engine all over the dialogue - sea gull , camera noise , wind and Christ know what else ! denham I do not care , Mike ! you be the sound recordist - make it work . angle on : ann in the chiffon dress , hesitate in the doorway of the mess . denham look up and signal she over . denham ( cont would ) Ann ! come on in ! let I introduce you to the crew ! this be herb - we cameraman ... ann reach out to shake herb be hand . herb delighted to meet you , mar 'am . and may I say what a lovely dress . ann oh ! this old thing ! I just - throw it on ! preston ( confuse to denham ) be not that one of Maureen 's costume ? ann ( hurriedly ) what do a girl have to do round here to get some breakfast ! denham lumpy ! you hear the lady ! angle on : lumpy look up . he be simultaneously shave a sailor and stir porridge . lumpy Fancy some of I ... ah ... porridge aux walnut ? 33. denham turn back to ann , who be stare at mike , who have he head down , scribbling in a notebook . denham ann , I do not believe you have meet - ann that 's alright Mr. denham , I know who this be ... angle on : ann , who be stare at mike in quiet awe . he glance up at she , nervously . ann ( cont would ) thrill to meet you . it 's a honour - to be part of this . mike ( bewilder ) gee , thanks ! ann actually - I be quite familiar with you work . angle on : denham raise a quizzical eyebrow . mike really ? ann yes , and what I most admire - be the way you have capture the voice of the common people . mike well - that 's my job . ann I be sure you have hear this before , Mr driscoll , if you do not mind I say - you do not look at all like you photograph ... a ngle on : jack at the bar , hold a cup of coffee . he turn and glance at ann . mike Excuse I ? denham wait a minute ! Ann - ann ( to denham ) well , he 's so much young - in person . ( turn back to mike ) and much better look . 34 . jack start to walk over to the table . denham ann ! stop ! stop - right there - angle on : mike stare past ann be shoulder . ann I be afraid you might be one of that self obsessed literary type . you know - the tweedy twerp with he nose in a book and he head up he - jack snap he book close . ann turn around ... she face drop . jack look at ann , who stare at he mortified . jack it 's nice to meet you too , miss darrow .. int . ship' corridor / bruce's cabin - day ruce bump into jimmy who hurry away look shifty . bruce enter he cabin ... a moustache have be draw on all he poster . bruce look annoyed ... then take another look . close on : bruce glance in the mirror - imaging himself with a moustache . not bad . ext . venture - day wide on : the venture plough through a heavy swell . denham ( v.o. ) she 's stand at the railing ... she do not know it yet , but they be sailing towards disaster . you get that ? jack ( v.o. ) she turn ... the first mate be staggering towards she - there 's a knife stick out of he back ! int . ship hold angle on : jack , sit in the hold , tapping on a old typewriter propped up on box . he be clearly very queasy , as he try to stay focuss on the typewriter keys . denham be pace the hold , suck on a pipe . denham ait a second , we be kill off the first mate ? 35 . jack that 's assume she know who the first mate be . denham come on , Jack ! it be a honest mistake . Ann be near-sighted - it could happen to anyone . jack I be joke , Carl . denham the point be : she 's horrify . she have to look away . and that 's when she see it . jack see 's what ? what ? angle on : unseen by either denham or jack , jimmy have snuck down in to the hold ... denham ( dramatic ) the island . jack ( take aback ) we be filming on a island now ? when do this happen ? denham Jack , keep you voice down ! I do not want the crew get spook . jack why would they get spook ? what 's it call ? denham look shifty . denham all right ... it have a local name , but I be warning you , Jack , it do not sound good . angle on : jimmy , he attention catch as he eavesdrop on the conversation . jack look at denham in growing frustration . denham ( cont would ) ( quietly ) they call it ... ( muffle ) jimmy Pov : denham lean in and murmure to jack . 36 . jack what 's wrong with this place ? denham there 's nothing officially wrong with it . because technically it have not be discover yet . jack give up , feel too seasick to argue ... jack ( resume type ) okay ... alright ... so we arrive at ( this place ... type ) S ... k ... u ... close on : denham look up in time to see jimmy listen ... they eye meet ... denham try to hush jack - too late . jack ( cont would ) l ... l ... Island . ext . venture / ocean - day ngle on : the ship move through grey seas ... dolphin swim alongside . ext . venture deck - day ide on : denham be filming ann and bruce . cluster around be he crew , herb and mike and preston . denham all right everyone , from the top . and ... action ! angle on : bruce saunter up to ann , who be lean on the rail , stare out to sea , in full hair and make -up . ann I think this be awfully exciting ! I have never be on a ship before . bruce I have never be on one with a woman before . ann I guess you do not think much of woman on ship , do you ? bruce no , they be a nuisance . angle on : denham look intently at jimmy and haye who be further down the deck ... talk quietly . 37 . angle on : haye shoot denham a alarm look . ann ( o.s. ) well , I will try not to be . bruce ( o.s. ) just be around be trouble . ann ( o.s. ) well ! be that a nice thing to say ! bruce ( o.s. ) it 's a dangerous thing , have girl on ship . they be messy and they be unreliable ! denham ( distract ) cut! great ! ngle on : denham be gaze return to jimmy and haye who be huddle in a group with three more sailor ... word be travel fast . denham ( cont would ) Bruce , wonderful performance . you can relax for ten minute . angle on : bruce look pretty pleased with himself . denham ( cont would ) that be very natural ... I feel move . jack look on in disbelief . B angle on : bruce walk past jack ... ruce hat do you think , driscoll ? the dialogue 's get some flow now - huh ? jack it be pure effluence . bruce beef up the banter ... jack try to resist that impulse . bruce it 's just a little humor , Bud - what be you , a bolshevik or something ? jack watch as bruce saunter off ... he turn back to denham . jack actor . they travel the world but all they ever see be a mirror ! 38 . jack look up to see ann look dismay , a mirror compact , in she hand ... she quickly snap the compact shut and turn away . close on : jack - take aback . int . ship' corridor - day ann be make she way to the bathroom . she look up as jack round a corner come the other way . they walk toward each other . suddenly the ship sway , jack be throw forward , but ann manage to hold she balance . jack good leg . ann look at he sharply . jack ( cont would ) Sea leg - I mean - you know ... sea leg . not that you do not have good leg , I be just ... jack trail off as ann edge past he , averting she eye . jack ( cont would ) ... make conversation . Jesus ! ( call ) miss darrow ! ann stop and turn ... jack ( cont would ) about the scene - today , with you and Bruce - ann I know , it be not what you write . but Mr baxter feel very strongly that when a man like a woman - then he must ignore she . and if thing turn really hostile ... no ? jack interesting theory . ann I know ... I should have - jack it be not what I have intend ... but it - ann I be sorry - I be ... 39 . jack you make it you own ... ann I be nervous . jack it be funny , actually ... you be funny . ann please - do not say another word . good night . ann go to close she cabin door . ack miss darrow ... ann look at he . jack ( cont would ) you do not have to be nervous . ext . venture deck - sunset close on : denham stand behind the camera with herb and mike . denham be catch up in the scene and be emoting furiously . ngle on : ann running out on to the deck of the venture in a glittering gown . she be sighing and crying in a melodramatic kind of way ... a ngle on : jack approach , he be read page in he hand , he look up just as ... ann turn , tear on she cheek .. light by the golden ray of the setting SUN . ann stare at jack , momentarily forget where she be . he stare back at she . close on : denham catch the exchange of look . he take the script page off jack and shoos he away ... ext . wheelhouse - dusk angle on : denham &amp ; englehorn talk out the front of the wheelhouse . int . wheelhouse - night close on : englehorn Pov of shipping chart . denham we be close . head south - west . 40 . angle on : englehorn lean over shipping chart . denham hover nearby in the doorway . englehorn there 's no land south - west for thousand of mile . it take we way outside the shipping lane . englehorn turn and confront denham . englehorn ( cont would ) I will not sail blind in this water . denham will make it worth you while . ngle on : englehorn ... tempt by the offer of more money , but he instinct be tell he to not to agree . englehorn there 's nothing out there . denham hen you have nothing to lose . angle on : englehorn : conflict . ext . venture / ocean - dusk ide on : the venture steam on as the SUN fall slowly behind the horizon ... int . mess room - night angle on : denham &amp ; preston be seat at a table , talk quietly . angle on : haye enter the mess ... haye saunter over to preston &amp ; denham . haye if someone be to tell you this ship be head for Singapore , what would you say ? 41 . angle on : lumpy be stand quietly hone a knife with a whet - stone ... it make a L sharp sound ... lumpy I would say they be full of it , Mr. haye . we turn south - west last night . lose on : denham look up sharply ... haye be stand over he . denham gentlemen please , we be not look for trouble - angle on : jimmy enter the mess from behind he ... jimmy no . you be look for something else ... preston glance warily at denham . denham take in the situation and decide to front up . denham ( quietly ) yes .... we be . we be gonna find Skull Island ! we be gonna find it , film it and show it to the world . for twenty five cent you get to see the last blank space on the map ! lumpy I would not be so sure of that . preston what do you mean ? lumpy Seven year ago , I and Mr haye - we be work we passage on a norwegian barque . haye we pick up a castaway - find he in the water - he would be drift for day . lumpy his ship have run aground on a island , way West of Sumatra . a island hide in fog . he speak of a huge wall , build so long ago - no one know who have make it ... a wall a hundred foot high ... as strong today as it be , age ago . preston why do they build the wall ? silence ... 42 . lumpy the castaway - he speak of a creature , neither beast nor man , but something monstrous , live behind that wall ... denham a lion or a tiger . a man-eater . that 's how all this storey start . preston ( to lumpy ) what else do he say ? lumpy nothing . we find he the next morning ... he would stick a knife through he heart . ngle on : preston look ashen ... denham break the grim mood . denham orry fella , you will have to do better than that . monster belong in B movie ! ngle on : preston &amp ; denham make a rapid exit . haye if you find this place - denham and preston stop and turn back ... haye ( cont would ) if you go ashore with you friend and you camera ... you will not come back ... just so long as you understand that . int . engine room - night the engineer shovel more coal into the furnace ... the relentless rhythm of the ship piston' pumping up and down continue ... int . preston be cabin - night preston lying awake freaking out intercut with close up of the map with the word ` fog ' . wide on : the stern of the venture cut through the swell then aerial up over the top of the boat . int . venture hold - night t be late at night . jack sit on he make shift bed , he typewriter balanced on he lap ... intent on what he be write . 43. ext . venture deck - dusk angle on : ann dancing with jimmy , much to the amusement of gathere crew ... choy be sing Marie 's wedding accompany by some sailor play various musical instrument . close on : jack watch she ... int . venture hold - night ngle on : jack continue type . ext . wheelhouse - night angle on : denham scan the horizon with binoculars , englehorn come out of the wheelhouse ... some chart in he hand ... int . wheelhouse - night haye be man the wheel . englehorn be stare at the chart , a cigarette in he hand . there be a palpable sense of tension in the AIR . haye ( tense ) how long do you expect we to stay out here ? angle on : englehorn put he cigarette out , ignore haye . int . ann be cabin - night ann be pace the cabin . she be wear a shawl over pyjamas . she smile as she turn page of a loose leaf manuscript . ann look up at jack . ann ( surprised ) you be write a stage comedy ? jack I be write it for you . ann look at he , take aback . ann why would you do that ? jack why would I write a play for you ? ann yes . 44 . jack be not it obvious ? ann not to I . jack well , it 's in the sub-text . ann I guess I must have miss it . jack it 's not about word ... ann look at he uncertainly ... as jack move towards she ... he take she in he arm and kiss she . CUT to : int . wheelhouse - night close on : the radio operator receive message . CUT to : int . ann be cabin - night close on : jack and ann still kissing . CUT to : int . wheelhouse - night angle on : the radio operator hand a piece of paper to englehorn . radio operator message for you , Captain . ext . venture / ocean - night aerial : the venture cut a wide arc through the sea as the ship slowly turn ... ext . wheelhouse - night ngle on : denham , running up the stair to the wheelhouse . denham ( call ) what 's go on ? 45 . int . wheelhouse - night haye man the wheel , look at denham briefly ... denham haye ! why be we turn around ? lose on : englehorn enter the cabin ... denham ( cont would ) ( bluster ) englehorn , you can not just ... englehorn ( curt ) outside ! ext . wheelhouse , venture deck - night englehorn there 's a warrant out for you arrest . do you know that ? I have be order to divert to rangoon . denham nother week - I have not get a film yet . please - I have risk everything I have on this ! englehorn no , denham - you risk everything I have . D denham what do you want ? tell I what you want ? I will give you anything . englehorn regards denham with cool detachment ... englehorn I want you off my ship . englehorn head back to the door of the wheelhouse . englehorn ( cont would ) set a course for rangoon , Mr haye . ext . ocean - night ide on : the venture as it plough through the swell . ext . venture deck - night denham be lean over the railing . 46 . denham I be finish . it 's over for I , Jack . jack how do you think this would end , Carl ? int . wheelhouse , venture - night close on : haye at the wheel , look down at the ship' compass ... it be swinging wildly to and for . haye ( call ) Captain ... close on : englehorn look at the compass with concern . he take the wheel from haye . englehorn check we position . use the star . angle on : haye step outside the wheelhouse , carry a sextant . ... he look up at the sky and he face harden with concern . angle on : englehorn look across as haye appear at the wheelhouse door . haye ( ominous ) there be no star , Captain . CUT to : ext . venture deck - night close on : the map as it slowly rotate in jack hand . close on : denham lean on the railing stare absently out to sea . behind he jack be look at the map in he hand . jack what be that ? denham ( distract ) what ? close on : jack eye be catch by something on the paper . he shift the map around , turn it upside down . jack that . jack walk over to the railing and hand the map to denham . 47 . denham I do not know ... what be it , a coffee stain ? denham look hard at the map , suddenly a look of intrigue dawn on he face . slow push in on a strange smudge - like marking ... lose on : denham be captivate ... close on : denham slowly look up from the map , a look of hope kindle in he eye . close on : the strange smudge - like marking . a image begin to become clear - a gorilla - like face . on the soundtrack : the sudden blast of the ship' fog horn . denham 's eye shift upwards ... at that moment a gust of wind pluck the map from denham hand and blow it overboard ... whirling it out to sea ... ext . ocean - night angle on : the map floating on the inky water as the venture steam away ... . .. into a huge bank of fog that seem to melt out of the darkness ! another blast from the fog horn echoe across the silent ocean . ext . venture deck - night reston move along the deck ... stare uneasily at the fog . various angle : even the seasoned crew look unnerve . angle on : jimmy up in the crow' nest ... he be read heart of darkness by torchlight . ext . ocean - foggy night ide on : the venture sail into thickening fog . int . wheelhouse - foggy night angle on : englehorn at the wheel ... he bark at the helmsman . englehorn Station the for'head lookout , and get I the depth by lead-line ! 48 . helmsman aye , Captain . the helmsman hurry away . ext . venture deck - foggy night wide on : the venture steam through the fog bank ... angle on : a crewman throw a lead - line over the side . concerned crewmen hurry to they station . crewman ( call ) thirty fathom ... no bottom ! int . wheelhouse - foggy night haye be tense . englehorn remain focuss , he eye fix ahead . englehorn reduce speed , steerage way only . haye swing the telegraph lever . haye Dead slow ahead , both . ( beat ) you should stop the ship . angle on : englehorn spin the wheel . englehorn 15 degree port. ( beat ) we be get out of here , Mr. haye ... we will find clear condition . crewman ( o.s. ) ( call ) we have seab ! close on : haye rush out of the wheelhouse . ext . venture deck - foggy night angle on : the crewman with the lead line shout up at haye . crewman ( alarmed ) twenty - five fathom ! int . wheelhouse - foggy night angle on : haye rush to the wheelhouse door . 49 . haye we be shallowing ! englehorn look with despair at the thickening fog ahead . he start spin the wheel . englehorn 20 degree starboard ! haye ( urgent ) Captain , you do not know where the hell you be go ! englehorn glare at haye . englehorn get I another read ! haye leave ... haye ( yell ) another read ! ext . venture deck - foggy night angle on : jack look alarmed as crewmen hurry past . denham walk away from he , towards the front of the ship . crewman twenty - two fathom ! int . wheelhouse - foggy night englehorn peer uneasily out at the fog ... englehorn douse the light ! helmsman aye , aye Captain ... ext . crowsnest - foggy night erial : the venture sail through fog . crewman ( call ) ten fathom ! angle on : jimmy look around ... confuse . close on : jimmy eye suddenly widen in disbelief ... he leap to he foot , unable to summon the power of speech ! 50 . angle on : a huge rock face loom out of the fog straight ahead ! jimmy ( yell ) Wall ! there 's a wall ahead !!! ext . venture - foggy night englehorn ... a look of disbelief on he face . W ext . venture - foggy night ide on : the venture sail directly towards a huge wall which rise up 200 foot into the sky ! the ship be dwarfed by the monstrous structure . int . wheelhouse - foggy night englehorn stare at the looming wall , unable to believe he eye ... he start spinning the wheel hard to starboard ! englehorn stop engine ! angle on : haye slam the telegraph to " stop " ext . venture deck - foggy night angle on : denham be draw to the forward railing of the ship , look up at the vast wall of rock tower over they in awe . ext . venture - foggy night wide on : the venture slow , but its weight be carry it forward ... ext . crowsnest - foggy night ngle on : a terrified jimmy brace himself for impact . int . wheelhouse - foggy night englehorn search desperately through the thick fog . ext . crowsnest - foggy night ngle on : jimmy , a look of terror on he face . ext . venture - foggy night runch ! the bow of the ship crumple in to the wall ! 51 . ext . venture deck - foggy night ngel on : ann rush out of a door , on to the deck , alarmed at the panic on the ship . angle on : denham look in utter awe at the wall . int . venture wheelhouse - foggy night close on : englehorn yell at haye . englehorn give I some power ! half astern , both ! haye half astern , both , Captain ! ext . venture deck - foggy night ngle on : jack look with horror as a jagged rock loom out of the fog off the starboard bow . jack rock ! ext . crowsnest - foggy night angle on : jimmy spin around as he see rock surround the ship . jimmy ( yell ) rock to starboard ... to port ... rock everywhere ! int . venture wheelhouse - foggy night angle on : englehorn let go of the wheel rush towards the wheelhouse door . englehorn take the wheel , haye ! angle on : englehorn rush on to the deck and look with horror as he realise he ship be trap amid a labyrinth of rock . ext . ocean - foggy night he venture loll without power in the heavy swell . the heavy throb of the engine regain strength ... the reverse propeller pull the ship away , but still without adequate control . 52 . ext . venture deck - foggy night angle on : ann hurry up the stair ... she clutches the railing for support and reel off balance , literally falling into jack arm as the side of the venture crunch against rock . ext . venture - foggy night the impact send the venture into a slow spin . as the ship sink in the trough of a wave , more rock emerge from the water around it . ext . venture deck - foggy night jack look down at ann - he still have hold of she . int . wheelhouse - foggy night angle on : englehorn stagger into the wheelhouse , slamm the telegraph lever forward . englehorn full ahead ! englehorn take the wheel from haye . ext . venture deck - foggy night haye run outside haye rock to port , Captain ! ext . ocean - foggy night angle on : the venture ride the swell towards camera . suddenly ! a sickening groan of metal ... as the venture run aground on hidden rock ! haye look in horror as he come within inch of the rock outcrop . ext . venture deck - foggy night angle on : denham watch as a huge stone face - part of the rock outcrop they have ground on - slide to a halt just off the venture's bow . Weathered ... erode away ... carve by the hand of some ancient people . ngle on : a breathless jimmy scuttle backwards as the crowsnest settles against the rock . 53. angle on : englehorn shut the engine down as he ship grind sickeningly against the rock ... ... stuck fast . pandemonium on deck ! ngle on : haye , unable to believe he eye as he stare up at the looming rock . denham stare at the eerie silhouette of a island , visible through the thinning fog . jagged peak rise from a rocky shoreline . crumbling ruins cling to barren cliff . ann step closer , a look of total disbelief on she face . int . venture engine room - foggy dawn close on : jets of water be squirting into the engine room , through crack between riveted plate . haye supervise stoker frantically open valve on the pump . old mattress be be shove up against the leak . englehorn arrive , look grim . englehorn haye ! haye he 's take a pound ... englehorn what about the prop ? haye shaft 's not bent , far as we can tell , but she 's stick hard against the rock - a loud groan as the ship shift against the rock . at that moment jimmy come burst into the engine room . jimmy Captain ! you would better come up quick ! ext . venture deck / offshore skull island - foggy dawn angle on : englehorn , haye and jimmy emerge onto the deck as the milky light of dawn wash over the ship . close on : herb hold the camera as denham crank the handle . Pov : a whaler - a small lifeboat - be be rowed away from the venture towards the shore of the island . denham , jack and ann , herb , mike , bruce and four sailor be pack into the tiny boat . 54 . haye you want I to bring they back ? englehorn I do not give a damn about Carl denham ... I want this ship fix and ready to float on the next high tide . we be leave Mr. haye . ext . skull island coast - day ide on : the whaler row towards the island pass great stone ruins jutting out of the water . the huge wall rise out of the wave and disappear inland . ngle on : denham be balanced at the front of the boat , filming as the sailor row ashore ... denham ( quietly ) can you believe this , Jack ? ... Skull Island ! we get we picture ! angle on : jack as he stare up at the ruins ... close on : ann , as if compelled , turn and look over the side of the boat , into the sea ... she breathe catch ! ann be Pov : beneath the water the hideously , distorted face of a fallen statue gape up at she ... angle on : ann sit huddle to one side of the boat ... draw she rain -slicker closer around she ... ann' finger edge across the seat and curl over jack hand ... wind whistle through the gaping hole in the edifice ... a creepy moaning SOUND that mix with the deep boom of the crashing wave ext . skull island shore - day ngle on : the whaler run onto a tiny , stony beach . sheer cliff rise straight up from the shore . denham , jack , ann , bruce , herb , mike , preston and two sailor clamber out . int . ancient staircase - day ide on : denham lead herb , preston , jack , ann , bruce , mike and the two sailor up a dark , vaulted tunnel . they look in silence at the primitive sign of civilisation . angle on : ann look up the staircase nervously ... take in the sight of the human skull lining the wall . 55 . ext . venture - day jimmy look up , hollow -ey ... in he hand be the copy of " heart of darkness " . haye stand nearby . angle on : jimmy close the book , a ashen expression on he face . jimmy why do marlow keep go up the river , why do not he turn back ? haye shrug ) there 's a part of he that want to , Jimmy . a part , deep inside himself that sound a warning , but there 's another part , that need to know ... that need to defeat the thing which make he afraid . close on : haye pause , fill with a sudden sense of dread . he reluctantly turn , he eye draw to the creepy carve head tower above the ship . haye v/ of " we could not understand , because we be too far ... and could not remember , because we be travel in the night of first Ages ... lose on : denham obsessed ... cranking the handle of he camera . haye v/o ( cont would ) ... of that Ages that be go , leave hardly a sign and no memory ... int . burial chamber - day denham lead the group across a rickety bamboo bridge , span a section of broken path . they pass broken tomb , burial nich contain glimpsis of mummy . ahead ... daylight stream in as they near the end of the staircase . they make they way over large stone block , cave in from above ... quiet , tense . ext . native village / wall - day thunder rumble overhead as denham , jack , ann , herb , bruce , preston , mike and 2 sailor clamber out of the ruined tunnel mouth . denham stay low , and hurry to a vantage point . the other follow ... 56 . haye v/o we be accustom to look upon the shackle form of a conquer monster , but there , there you could look at a thing monstrous and free . " crane up : to reveal a plateau below they , cover with the ruins of a ancient burial ground ... stone mausoleums and tomb , smashed open and destroy . ext . venture - day angle on : jimmy close the book . jimmy ( quiet ) it 's not a adventure story - be it , Mr. haye . haye ( quiet ) no , Jimmy , it 's not . haye ' eye drift back to the statue . jimmy follow he gaze . ext . native village / wall - day angle on : denham as he lead the group into the village . spread among the ruins be a village - a crude shanty town , create by a more recent and far less sophisticated culture ... ramshackle grass and bamboo hut . angle on : preston look around , unnerved ... preston it 's desert ... angle on : denham cranking the camera as he roll film on the village . denham of course it 's desert . use you eye , Preston . the place be a ruin ! nobody 's live here for hundred of year . at the moment they hear the sound of the sobbing of a human child ... angle on : ann , preston , jack , denham , herb ... not know if they hear what they just hear ... row upon row of sharpen bamboo spike line the top of the wall . close on : denham ... his eye suddenly widen in disbelief . 57 . angle on : a SMALL child stand on the dusty path ahead of they . she stare up at they , with weird feral eye . the child slowly raise a arm towards the watch group ... in a point gesture . a suspend moment ... denham step forward . ann ( whisper ) Mr denham ... I think we should go back . denham will handle this . denham pull a nestle bar from he pocket and walk up to the child . denham wave the chocolate around . denham ( cont would ) look chocolate ... you like chocolate ? the child eye drill into denham . rain start falling . denham ( cont would ) good to eat ! take it ... take it ! the child step back . denham grab the child by the wrist and attempt to press the chocolate bar into she hand . the child struggle and cry out ! bruce . for godsake , denham , leave the native alone . jack she do not want the chocolate ! angle on : villager begin to melt out of the shadow , old people , young people , women stare hollow -eyed at denham as he wrestle with the child . he child sink she teeth into denham wrist . he yell , release he grip . the child run off ... in to the arm of a old woman ... 58 . the group start to nervously walk forward , denham gesture impatiently . denham t's alright - it 's just a bunch of woman and old folk ... they be harmless . angle on : ann look startled as mike suddenly lurch past she . ann Mike ? mike turn , gasp , stare at she helplessly ! and then fall face forward , a jagged spear stick in he back ! ann step back in horror and scream ! a rumbling , bestial roar fill the village as if in answer to ann' cry ... loud and close ... for a brief moment everyone freeze ... F ast action : native men emerge as if from nowhere ... before anyone can react , they be roughly shove and pulled into the midst of the furious native mob . in the shadow the agitate women of the village start rock and wail in unison . image : strange face , smear with mud ... screeching mouth . bruce be held back by several native as he struggle . jack pull ann close to he , try to protect she . ann be wrench from he ... she struggle against she captor ... angle on : a old -woman move through the midst of the villager ... she gaze fix on ann , mutter curse , eye burn with a dark fury ... denham be yelling at the native ... he be shove to the ground . the native shriek . one of the sailor be dragge forward , he head push against a flat stone slab , and clubbed to death . angle on : in the midst of the confusion , jack see the old sha - woman scream at ann . she start chant with rise hysterics ... sha - woman ( chant ) larri yu sano kor ... kweh yon kah`weh ad-larr ... tor kng . close on : jack struggle , fist fly - he be clubbed and drop like a stone . ann scream ... the beast roar in the distance ! 59 . denham punch a native ... they haul he forward and thrust he head onto the blood splatter stone ... native club rise into the air ... .. a gunshot ! the native hesitate , as if stunned ... then scatter . englehorn , haye and a armed group of sailor race into the village ! englehorn roughly haul denham to he foot . englehorn see enough ? W ext . venture - night ide on : as each wave hit the venture , it groans and scrape against the rock - shifting slightly . ext . venture deck - night ngle on : englehorn , desperate ... yell at he crew , above the howling wind . englehorn ( yell ) lighten the ship ! anything that 's not bolt down go overboard ! angle on : as wave crash against the stranded ship , lumpy , jimmy , choy and the other sailor throw table , chest ... kitchen equipment into the sea . int . denham cabin - night denham be swigging from a hip flask . herb and preston be gather gloomily around a table , while denham stride around the room , swigging and talk in a animated fashion . the STORM batter and crash outside . denham we get away . we gotta be grateful for that gentleman . preston what about Mike ? he do not get away - he 's still there ! denham ( sharply ) Mike die do what he believe in ! he do not die for nothing . and I will tell you something else - I be go to finish this film - for Mike . 60 . I be go to nham ( cont would ) donate the do finish it and proceed to he wife and kid - because that man be a hero and he deserve nothing less ! herb hear ! hear ! int . ann be cabin - night ann alone in she cabin , be overwhelm by a terrible sense of foreboding ... suddenly ! a wave crash against she window ! she spin around in fright . as she turn slowly she catch sight of she terrify reflection in the mirror . ext . rock - night angle on : native be move towards the venture ... UT to : int . ann be cabin - night a grow sense of unease fill ann with dread . CUT to : ext . rock - night angle on : use long bamboo pole , a native silently vault from rock to rock over the stormy seas ... towards the ground ship E ext . venture deck - night ngle on : a skull islander land on the back deck of the venture unseen ! he crouch in the shadow ... int . mess room - night close on : jack sprawle on a bench seat in the mess ... a loud metallic creak wake he up . he roll over , try to focus ... he touch he hand to the back of he head ... when he withdraw he hand ... he finger be cover in blood . suddenly lumpy and a sailor pick the table up from under he and carry it outside . CUT to : 61 . int . ann be cabin - night close on : ann , a sense of forebode ... ext . venture deck - night angle on : jack stagger on to the back deck , clutching a railing to steady himself . he suddenly discover a native necklace on the deck ... ... jack stare at the necklace , decorate with a monkey skull , a look of horrified realization grow . jimmy be racing past , jack grab he : jack where 's Ann ? jimmy she go to she cabin . int . ann be cabin - night ann alone in she cabin . she look down and notice she hand be trembling . uddenly ! her cabin door start to rattle . she swing around in fright , to see cabin 's door handle - which be turn ... angle on : ann' face as she cabin door open ... int . venture corridor - night angle on : jack desperately push past crew in the crowded , panicked corridor , try to get to ann' cabin ... ext . venture - night wide on : the venture at the mercy of the raging seas as it move even closer to the reef . int . venture corridor - night angle on : jack lose he foot as the ship lurch violently . he land on the floor ... close on : jack look down the length of the corridor ... the door of ann' cabin be swinging open . int . ann be cabin - night lose on : the ship roll as jack stagger into ann' cabin ... shocked to find it empty with clear sign of a struggle . 62 . int . wheelhouse - night angle on : haye desperately try to control the wheel . ext . venture - night wide on : the venture float free ! a loud cheer go up from the crew ! int . wheelhouse - night angle on : englehorn shout the command ... englehorn wheel amidship ... full ahead , both engine . ext . venture - night ide on : the venture plow between the jagged rock off toward OPEN sea ... int . ann' cabin jack burst into the cabin . clothes be scatter everywhere . clearly a sign of a struggle . jack Ann ! int . venture corridor - night ngle on : jack race down the corridor find a dead crew member lie below the stair ! ext . skull island shore - night angle on : ann in the native's grip ... they be be pulled through the stormy seas onto the shore , by the other native hauling on a rope . ann be half drowned . the venture be barely visible move through the sea spray . ext . venture deck - night angle on : englehorn come out of the wheelhouse - jack be on the lower deck . jack ( o.s. ) top ! stop ! turn back , we have to turn back ! 63. angle on : englehorn turn - he can hear the alarm in jack 's voice . jack ( cont would ) they have take Ann ! close on : englehorn , he glance back at the island as the venture plough towards the open sea . angle on : a orange glow of firelight be visible , emanate from the native village . ext . native village / wall - night ngle on : ann be dragge through a frenzy of fearful Skull Island native . glimpse of wailing ... cowering ... chanting . flame blaze along the top of the wall . close on : a withere old woman , eye red in some drug induce trance , speak in tongue . ann be force to she knee . the old woman splashes some foul liquid into she face ... young women tie bracelet on she wrist . ext . venture deck - night angle on : cover be pull off lifeboat as the ship' crew gather equipment . close on : haye yell command : haye all hand go ashore ... crash CUT to : int . englehorn cabin - night haye v/o ... report to station ! jump to it ! englehorn lift up the window seat ... revealing a row of tommy gun hide there . angle on : gun be hand out . ext . venture deck - night angle on : equipment and rifle be thrown in . the entire ship' crew be mobilizing . haye ( v.o. ) what the hell be you do ? you want that boat to sink ? Stow that rifle midship - come on , hurry it up ! 64 . angle on : denham surreptitiously supervise herb and preston as they load camera equipment on board one of the boat ... angle on : jack load a BOX of ammunition on to the other boat ... he look tensely at the fire burn on the island . angle on : the two boat be swing out and lowered . haye ( cont would ) lower away ! ext . venture - night he two boat row away from the ship , pack with ship' crew ... in one boat be denham , preston and herb - clutching camera equipment . angle on : jack in the other boat , look grim and determine . ext . skull island coast - night angle on : the tiny boat be toss in the raging seas . sailor try to steer they towards the shore , as they bounce off rock and statue . ext . top of wall - night lose on : flaming torch ignite pool of oil along the length of the top of the wall . angle on : ann' wrist be be tied outstretch to bamboo post . she be on the summit of the wall , light by the flicker flame ... look out onto dark tree top . F lame dance ... drum beat in a ritualistic frenzy . angle on : skull islanders knock away wooden plug , release the flaming oil to pour down rough channel hewn into the stone of the wall ... it run and fall down chute into pool carve into the grotto wall . wide on : the cliff wall light up as flame within large carve chamber create huge backlit pagan face . firelight dance across the nightmarish jungle ... distant tree start to tremble , they canopy sway as if pushed by a unseen force . close on : ann ... look on with horror at the movement in the jungle below she . she struggle against the rope , to no avail . close on : the old woman , eye roll up in she head . lose on : a necklace be place over ann be head . 65 . angle on : a shaman start beat out a rhythm on a log drum ... skull islanders fall to they knee ... a moaning wail rise ... the drumming build to a frenzied climax . wide on : on the other side , the wall fall away vertically into a rocky grotto , lead into the dense tangled jungle of skull island . suddenly ann feel herself dragge forward ... the post she be tie to be moving , pull she toward the edge of the wall ! ann dig she heel and try to pull against it , but be unable to stop herself be hauled off the wall ... . .. into thin air ! angle on : skull islanders lowering the bamboo altar structure down , slowly release the flaxen rope . ann be dangle from the post by she wrist , as the hinged framework swing she out over the chasm , lowering she towards a rock promontory on the edge of the forest . ngle on : ann be lowered onto the rock promontory , which resemble a altar ... ann struggle to free herself , but she be tie fast to the post , a tiny figure illuminate by enormous glowing carving ... the wall tower up behind she . angle on : ann squirm ... as the forest below her broil and seethes ! tree be violently swaying ... above the crescendo of the native frenzy , angry bestial roar can be hear . skull islanders line the top of the wall , they wailing and chanting interrupt by a loud splintering SOUND . ext . skull island shore - night the ship' boat pull up at the foot of the great staircase . jack leap out of the boat and race up the stair . ext . wall grotto - night close on : ann lift she head ... something very big be move towards her . ann catch a brief glimpse of a huge dark shape propelling itself through the jungle ... the oily smoke from the fire hang in the air , obscuring her vision ... she can now only hear the creature's movement and breath as it draw ever closer . ann cower back , pull at she bond . a massive shape move through the air ... the ground shake with a sudden force of impact ! angle on : ann stand tremble , as the swirl smokey cloud slowly dissipate ... a giant leathery foot be visible . close on : ann balanced on a knife - edge of terror . 66 . a sudden puff of wind instantly clear the veiling smoke . ann slowly look up , she face fill with dread . the skull islanders reply in unison ... a pierce wail , from the top of the wall . ann be strength suddenly drain from she leg , and slump between the post . before she be ... kong ! a 25 foot tall male gorilla ! kong stare at ann for a beat , lean forward on he knuckle ... then prod she with he finger . suddenly ... gunshot ! ext . native village / wall - night frenzied movement : sailor , lead by englehorn , race into the village fire warning shot in the air ... skull islanders scatter in terror ... ext . wall grotto - night ide on : kong in front of ann ... he rise to he full height and beat he chest ! kong huge hand snatch ann and roughly pull she free of she bond . deafening roar ! ann scream ! clutching she tightly , kong carry ann away from the altar . ext . native village / wall - night frenzied movement : sailor , lead by englehorn , race into the village fire warning shot in the air ... skull islanders scatter in terror ... angle on : the skull islanders melt away into the darkness ... vanish as fast as they appear . ... from behind the wall , the distant cry of ann scream for help , follow by a earth shuddering roar . englehorn ( stare upwards ) what in God 's name be that ? jack ( sudden realisation ) behind the wall ! 67 . angle on : jack rush to the base of the wall and begin to climb ... denham hurry to the massive , heavily fortify gate . C lose on : denham stare through the lattice work of sharpen bamboo ... denham Pov : a fleeting glimpse of kong disappear into the depth of the jungle . in he huge fist kong clutches ann ! ext . top of wall - night ngle on : jack have reach the top of the wall ... he race to the edge peer over it . nothing ... only the primitive altar , and beyond , dark jungle dissolve into blackness . jack Pov : the empty rope bind ann' wrist swing from the altar post . jack ( disbelief ) she 's go ! ext . native village / wall - night ack be hurry down from the wall . jack she 's go ! close on : denham in SHOCK ... he mind racing , fuelle by fear . gradually he breathe slow and another part of he brain kick into gear . jack make brief eye contact with denham , who quickly look away . jack ( cont would ) Carl ? what be it ? ( realize ) you see something ... later ... angle on : box of ammunition and gun have be bring up from the beach . lid be prise open ... ammo distribute . denham be surround by jack , englehorn and the sailor . englehorn you can take haye and fifteen other . I will put a guard on the gate until you return ... the rest of you , stay with the ship . jack grab he pack and walk away toward the gate , with lumpy &amp ; jimmy follow . 68 . haye not you , Jimmy . jimmy com 'on Mr. haye , look at `em . none of they know a which way to point a gun . haye take the rifle out of jimmy hand . haye stay here . jimmy miss darrow need I ! haye no ! close on : jimmy , crestfallen . angle on : denham by the camera box with herb and preston . denham ( quietly ) bring the tripod - and all of the film stock . herb you wanna go with the six inch lens ? denham the wide angle will do just fine . close on : preston sling the film stock bag over he shoulder . angle on : jack , preston , haye , lumpy , choy , bruce and 8 sailor as englehorn survey the group . denham and herb be hauling camera equipment . englehorn you get gun , you get food , you get ammo . you get twenty - four hour . bruce twenty - four hour ? englehorn this time tomorrow we haul anchor . close on : jack ... as he sling he gun on he shoulder , turn and head through the gate . ext . skull island jungle - night wide on : the volcanic rock form a jagged , torture landscape of deep crevass and towering cliff . the vegetation be thick , the jungle dark . ancient gnarle tree twist out of the ground , thick lichen and long moss hang from branch and tangled vine . steam rise from fester swamp ... 69 . haye be leading denham , jack , preston , lumpy , choy , bruce and EIGHT sailor . herb be limping along with the heavy camera on he shoulder . the atmosphere be tense ... unseen creature scurry in the darkness , flee from the approach human . haye put he hand up ... the group stop ... a strange , low moan echoe from the surrounding jungle ... the men stare into the darkness ... watchful , on edge ... ext . killing ground - night close on : ann in kong be hand , be toss around like a rag doll as kong run through the forest . ngle on : kong propel himself through the jungle with ease , barely disturbing the forest , move with grace along a well use route . lose on : ann hold fast in he grip . she be flung wildly around as kong bound across chasm , leaping over river . ann' fevere Pov : the jungle spinning and blurring by . she try to brace herself against kong finger , but the rigor of the journey knock she sideways like a rag doll . wide on : shaft of moonlight play on the face of grotesque statue set into a mossy cliff . angle on : ann clutch tightly in kong hand . she be rigid with fear . kong squat down ... he look closely at ann . close on : kong ... we see he clearly for the first time . a very old , brutish bull gorilla . year of survival have leave scar on he face . one eye lid be mangle and he jaw be crooked ... leave a huge yellow incisor tooth jutting up . kong stare at ann ... she dare not move ; only she rapid breathing bely she inner terror . angle on : ann be suddenly swing upside down and shaken ... the ceremonial necklace fall from ann' neck . close on : ann' horrified face ... she see human remains amongst the necklace ! Bones ... skull ! a whimpering SOUND escape from the back of she throat . swirling upside down Pov : the necklace land on the ground - amid dozen of other necklace littering the clear . angle on : ann be lift upward ... kong lip curl in a low , slow snarl . ann look at kong , aghast , and in this moment she heighten sense of fear give way to something more fundamental : self preservation ! 70 . kong finger start to OPEN - ann seize she chance ! she suddenly propel herself off he hand ! ann drop 12 foot and land heavily at kong feet . she roll amongst grin human skull and leg bone ... stagger to she foot and run ! kong rise up with a roar , but ann be already disappear into the jungle ! ext . dense jungle - night ngle on : ann desperately power through the dense undergrowth . she throw herself over huge fallen log , through tangled vine . . she glance back ... .. tree be falling , kong be smash through the undergrowth after she ! angle on : with surprising agility and grace , kong sweep down from above and scoops ann off the rock . she barely have time to cry out before be carried away , as kong disappear into the depth of the island . ext . tangled vine - night close on : jack ... hearing ann' distant scream ! jack Ann ! angle on : jack start running towards the SOUND . denham and the other follow ... jack be barging through thick tangled vegetation , which be grow between huge moss cover fallen column . kong enraged roar echos through the jungle . jack ( cont would ) ( yell ) Ann ! ext . tangled vine - night angle on : the group pause at the sound of ann' terrified scream . close on : jack be ashen face . ext . dense jungle - night ong leap across chasm as he carry ann through the jungle . ext . killing ground - dawn angle on : jack pick up ann' necklace ... a lock of blonde hair still tangle within it 's strand ... 71 . wide on : dawn light brighten the sky as the group survey the killing ground . lumpy Christ ! it 's a bleed bone yard ! ( horrify realization ) they have be rip limb from limb . jack ( call ) ann ! Ann ! angle on : denham cast a eye over the debris strewn ground ... he gaze rise to a huge gash in the forest ... denham Pov : tree have be ripped from the earth where kong have smashed a path through the jungle ... angle on : haye notice a sailor with a woollen hat pull down over he head ... the sailor have turn away from the grisly remains . haye bat the hat off the sailor' head ... it 's jimmy . jimmy just keep walk , Mr. haye . pretend you do not see I . haye esus , Jimmy ! haye snatch the gun off he ... jimmy defiant ) hey ! I need that ! haye ( angry ) I be not give you a gun ! jimmy you be young than I when they give you one ! haye I be in the army . I be train - I have a drill sergeant ! close on : jimmy look at haye . immy quietly ) I just wanna help bring she back . haye 's expression soften . he hand the gun back to jimmy . haye do not make I regret it . 72 . ext . rough terrain - day angle on : the group nerve be frayed ... as they continue slogging through the difficult terrain . huge insect fly around they , and the group try in vain to swat they away . angle on : lumpy shoot wildly at a huge bug ... haye growl ) conserve you ammunition ! lumpy glare at haye ... and shoot one last time at a huge bug on a nearby tree ... ext . ruined valley - day angle on : sliding feet ... down a vine strewn slope . ull back to reveal ... the group have emerge from the jungle into a narrow valley , deep in the heart of skull island ... the valley be less than 75 foot wide , flanke by sheer cliff . jack look up and down the valley ... he wipe he brow .. the SUN be high , it be hot out of the shade . angle on : lumpy stumbling forward with a hack smoker' cough . lumpy I be knacker ! I have gotta have a breather . lumpy flop down on the ground , and grab a cigarette from behind he ear and light up . jack watch as other sailor follow suit . jack hey fella - we do not have time for this . we have lose too much ground already ! come on , - get up ! haye ( quiet ) they be not about to quit on you . cut they some slack . jack stare at haye and then sigh , resign . haye call to the men ... haye ( cont would ) alright , you get five minute ! everybody stay in sight ! angle on : denham grab the camera from herb . nearby preston set up the tripod . 73. denham ( hushed ) over here . I wanna get a wide shot of the valley . ngle on : denham as he arrive at the top of the slope , he turn at the sound of a strange noise ... push in : on denham ... a look of amazement dawn on he face . close on : jack kneel down and stare at a unmistakable indent in the sand : a giant footprint ! lumpy bloody nora ! jack look up to see sailor gather around . jimmy be that what take miss darrow ? lumpy ( sagely ) there 's only one creature capable of leave a footprint that size ... all look up at lumpy ... lumpy ( cont would ) the abominable snowman ! a ripple of fear spread throughout the crowd . the rattled sailor mutter agreement . there be random chatter of turn back . haye kneel down beside jack ... haye ( quiet ) it 's gotta be - what ? twenty - twenty - five foot ? jack ( grimly ) Carl see it . let 's ask he . haye look over he shoulder ... haye denham ! no answer ) where would he go ? angle on : jack walk up the valley . jack Carl !!! 74 . wide on : denham , bruce and herb arrive at the top of the valley a ... they stare transfix at a herd of graze brontosaurs . ngle on : denham be cranking the camera ... denham low ) walk forward , Bruce . bruce what ?! angle on : a herd of twelve brontosaurs be slowly move through a wide clearing ahead . denham you be the star of this picture ! get into character and head towards the animal . angle on : bruce nervously shuffle forward ... bruce what the hell kind of place be this ? ( beat ) be you sure about this , denham ??? do not we have a stand - in for this type of thing ? denham need you in the shot , or people will say they be fake . bruce nobody 's gonna think this be fake ! sudden flash of movement ! carnotaur be circle the herd . angle on : the brontosaur herd look edgy and restless ! denham ou be make they nervous ! no sudden movement . bruce I be not move . a low rumbling SOUND can now be hear ... the ground start to shake ... push in : on bruce as he realize what be about to happen ! bruce ( cont would ) ( under he breath ) mother of God ... angle on : bruce suddenly turn and run ! angle on : herb be start to get nervous as denham determinedly continue filming ... 75 . wide on : a sudden fall of rock ... Jack look up ! angle on : the men look nervous as the ground start to tremble beneath they foot ! jack turn and see : bruce run down the hill ... jack what be it ?! where 's Carl ? bruce slow down , attempt to appear calm . bruce he 's - he 's ... um ... well , he 's up there ... filming . a loud roar ! bruce bolt like a startled rabbit ! several nervous sailor jump up and start run . angle on : jack cautiously move uphill towards the source of the loud rumbling SOUND . a ngle on : denham and herb appear on the brow of the hill . they be run flat out towards jack ! second later a herd of brontosaurus stampede down the hill after denham and herb ! denham run Jack ! jack Holy Christ ! haye ( yell ) go Jimmy - run! everyone turn and flee ! angle on : jack run ... he look back and see denham trip and fall ! the stampeding dinosaurs storm towards denham down the narrow valley ! close on : denham be freeze to the spot , stare at the camera , which be lie directly in the rampaging dinosaur' path . jack turn back ... he attempt to drag denham to he feet , as denham struggle to grab hold of the camera and tripod . jack leave it !!! denham no !!! 76 . denham and jack scramble to they foot and start to run ! denham cradle the camera and tripod in he arm , as the bronto pack bear down on they from behind ! spectacular tracking shot : ... the pack of 15 carnotaur be close in on the brontosaurus herd ! a carnotaur leap onto the back of a fleeing brontosaur , cause it to falter and slide against the cliff . two more carnotaur leap onto the ail brontosaur as the rest of the pack stream past . denham , jack and the other be run as fast as they can ... jack glance over he shoulder - the wall of thundering brontosaur legs be about to engulf they ! a ngle on : jack and denham suddenly find themselves in a sea of huge legs - like wildly pound redwood tree trunk ! the carnotaur be snap and snarling at the legs ... they see the men ! they only hope of survival be to stay within the stampede , out of reach of the meateater ! quick image : the group in the sea of legs ... a sailor trip and be crushed underfoot . a couple of sailor jump clear of the brontosaurs - only to be set on by the carnotaur . jack ... denham ... sailor ... everyone be run madly , dodging brontosaurs , carnotaur and try not to fall ! a carnotaur focus on jack ... it skillfully weave in between and under the brontosaurs and emerge right behind jack , it 's snapping jaw inch away from he head ! ack suddenly side - step , and shoulder - barge the carnotaur sideways - under a brontosaur's legs . the carnotaur be instantly trample ! bruce be manage to stay ahead of the stampede - possibly running faster than any human before he ! a carnotaur race out in front of the stampede and bear down on bruce with incredible speed ! bruce desperately wave a tommy gun at the carnotaur ... toward the stampede ! jack see it come ... jack ( yell ) no !!!! bruce fire , miss the carnotaur ... ... but he hit the lead brontosaur , follow behind , in the chest . the brontosaur collapse at top speed ! it cartwheel over , it 's huge neck and tail thrashing out . the other brontosaurs plough into it , trip and roll ! jack and the sailor suddenly find themselves in the middle of a amazing fleshy freight train pile -up ! sailor be crush as brontosaurs come down on top of they ! a carnotaur be squash when two brontosaurs slam together . jack roll against a rock as mountain of brontosaur tumble all around he . 77 . denham throw himself onto the ground , shield the camera . n the space of second , the mighty herd of behemoth be reduce to a vast pile of dead or wounded animal ... the carnotaur immediately go to work , leaping onto brontosaurs , rip into fleshy stomach . J ack crawl past huge heaving belly and twitching legs ... he stagger out of the dinosaur pile - up ... he turn back at the SOUND of loud hissing - a carnotaurus be climb over a dead brontosaur , it 's gleam eye intent on jack . the carnotaurus leap ... bam ! bam ! bam ! the carnotaurus be riddled with bullet and fall dead at jack feet ! haye hurry towards jack , clutching he tommy gun ! haye ( yell ) go! go! haye send the rest of the men up a steep rocky slope ... they slip and slide on the slimy moss - cover rock . jack do not move . he look around in mount panic . jack ( frantic ) Carl !? Carl ?! get up ! denham limp out of the pile - up , bloody and cover in dust - the camera in he arm . haye blast at another carnotaurus - it topples backward . haye run ! ext . slimy slope - day the group be desperately scramble up the steep rocky slope - slip and slide on the wet moss ... four surviving carnotaur follow in pursuit ... the men start slide backwards in they panic . the carnotaur be slide too , but they powerful leg be work furiously , propelling they closer and closer to the flail sailor ! a sailor lose he foot completely ... he roll past two carnotaur before be grab by the jaw of the third . the men grab hold of weed , rock ... anything , to get away from the dinosaurs . they be crawl towards a network of narrow fissure between huge rock ... which the carnotaur can not squeeze through . angle on : herb be scrabbling up as best as he can with he bad leg ... denham move towards he , reach desperately ... 78 . denham herb ! come on ! herb ( gasp ) Mr denham ... ! take the tripod . denham come on herb - I be pull you up . come on , hold on to you end . herb ( gasp ) you gotta go !! denham I be not go anywhere without you ! herb you gotta leave I ! herb be strain to hold the tripod when he gammy leg give way ... he slip and roll into the path of a oncoming carnotaur ! close on : denham reacting in SHOCK as herb be kill by the frenzying carnotaur . ext . jungle ruins - day angle on : kong drop ann onto the ground . she land in a lifeless heap . kong have drop ann in a small ruined courtyard , it 's wall be crack and split by encroach jungle creeper . ide on : kong circle around ann who lie motionless on the ground . he prods she roughly with a finger ... no response . kong growls ... prods again ... ann lie still . lose on : ann ... she slowly open her eye ! ann look warily towards kong . ext . edge of swamp - day ack , denham , haye , bruce , jimmy , lumpy , choy and preston clamber down a jagged rock face into lush sub-tropical vegetation . they be follow by a few survive sailor - a bedraggle group ... CUT , bruise , cover in dust , soaked in sweat . most of the gun be lose . ailor slump to the ground , exhausted . they be on a narrow clearing at the edge of a misty swamp . sheer cliff rise out of the swamp on both side of the shore . haye Jimmy , do a head count . I wanna know how many injure and how bad - 79 . lumpy ( interrupt ) injured ? four of we be dead ! close on : denham reach with a tremble hand for he hip flask . he take a big swig ... and stand stare out over the swamp . preston sit on a tree stump nearby . preston it 's not you fault . what happen to herb - it 's no one fault . denham ( soft realization ) you be absolutely right , Preston ... and I will tell you something else . Herbert do not die for nothing . he die for what he believe in and I be gonna honour that . close on : denham reach for that moment of self justification . denham ( cont would ) he die believe there be still some mystery leave in this world - and we can all have a piece of it - for the price of a admission ticket ! ( excited ) goddammit Preston we be gonna finish this film for herb . we will finish it , and donate the proceed to he wife and kid . close on : preston , he have hear this all before . wide on : bruce stand amongst the seated sailor . bruce ( desperate ) we gotta get back to the ship . englehorn sail in nine hour . jimmy so ? we gotta find miss darrow . bruce hey , do you hear I ? we be gonna be strand here ! bruce become aware of jack stare at he coldly . bruce self consciously clear he throat . bruce ( cont would ) miss darrow be a great gal - no question . she be a wonderful person . it 's a terrible loss . we be all gonna miss she . 80 . jack I always know you be nothing like the tough guy you play on screen - I just never figure you for a coward . bruce hey , pal , wake up . heroes do not look like I - not in the real world . in the real world they have get bad tooth , a bald spot and a beer gut ... be see ya . bruce walk off . haye turn to the rest of the group . haye anyone else ? a couple of sailor shuffle forward towards bruce . ext . jungle ruins - day wide on : kong sit on the edge of a ruin , surveying the jungle . he sit with he back to ann , in the crumble remain of a enclose entry area ... which also provide the only way out . ith a splintering rip , kong pull off one of the dinosaur' legs and start eating it . angle on : ann , have feign unconsciousness , she now cautiously search for a way to escape . C lose on : ann lifting her head , risk a quick look around . the wall be too steep to attempt a escape ... ... but there be a narrow stairway across the courtyard , lead down into the jungle . inch by inch ann start to edge forward , crawling on she stomach towards the stair . kong be chewing noisily ... he shift he weight , half turn ... ann freeze . ong glance at ann , who have resume she lifeless pose . kong do not appear to notice she 's move several foot . he continue eating ... ann again start to edge forward ... she be startled when some creepy insect swarm out of a crack in the flagstone , inch from she face ! with only a few foot leave to go , ann quietly rise and scurries towards the stairway . she clamber into the narrow passage - finally out of kong sight ! glancing back over she shoulder , ann hurry down the stairway towards freedom ! 81 . ext . bottom of stairway / jungle - day ann pause at the bottom of the stair , listen for sound of kong . all be quiet ... she glance back up the stair ... no sign of he there ... ... gather all she strength ann emerge from the passage and make a bold run across the clearing towards the cover of the jungle ! thud ! kong fist slam down in front of ann ! she gasp and try to change direction ... thud ! another fist block she way . kong growls angrily ! ann swing around and face kong ... he snarl at her , furious and deadly . ngle on : ann suddenly duck under kong arm and make a last ditch attempt to escape ! she be half way across the clear when she trip and fall ! ngle on : kong bound over to ann , slapping he hand on the ground in a frenzy of excitement - he utter a gutteral squeal . close on : ann , flat on the ground , eye shut , lie still . angle on : kong .. circle around ann , suspicious . he prods she a couple of time ... no response . kong move on ... ann' eye flick OPEN ! at that moment kong double back - catch she out ! ... ann spring up , look at kong for a desperate moment , wonder if she should run , decide she will never make it ... and take another pratfall !! kong cock he head ! he grimace , bare he tooth and circle she . ann repeat the comic fall ! kong slap he hand on the ground , shake he head and growls . ann start to draw upon she vaudeville routine , sway drunkenly and fall , then bounce back up ... work she timing around kong be reaction - he grow increasingly engaged . ngle on : ann bounce up ... panting ... bead of sweat trickle down she face . her eye dart between the jungle and kong , she 's look for she chance ... ... but kong be a demanding audience . he want more ... he want ann to fall down again . kong prods ann roughly , knock she off her feet . she fall to the ground ... winded . kong slap he hand on the ground , and let out another excite growl . he thump the ground with he fist , and shake he head , delighted with the game . 82. ann try to get up - kong push she over again ! this time she stay on the ground , breathe heavily . hump ! thump ! thump ! kong want more ! he try to prod ann into get up and be startled when she hit he finger away ! ann ( gasp ) no ! I say no ! kong cock he head ... he thump he fist on the ground . hump ! thump ! thump ! ann ( cont would ) ( gasp ) that 's all there be ... there be not any more . kong rise to he feet , and beat he chest , tower over ann . his huge fist rise into the air and come slamming down straight toward ann ! close on : ann shut she eye ... kong fist thud into the ground inch away from she . thud ! another fist slam into the ground ! angle on : kong roar and beat he chest in a dramatic display of anger and frustration . he rip a tree from the ground as he anger spiral into violent madness . lose on : ann as the ground shake with the fury of he rage . for a brief moment kong and ann lock in eye contact ! C lose on : kong stare at the small figure in he hand who be wait for death to come . in this moment a unfamiliar feel well inside he ... a half form emotion he have not experience much in he long life : he feel a connection to this tiny creature . the spark of rage go out in kong eye ... kong stare at ann as a confusion of feeling wash over he . ong pull back from ann ... overcome by sudden uncertainty . he know only that she have somehow disarm he ... and this have in turn , diminished he power . kong start to back away from ann - slowly at first , until doubt and fear compel he to move faster . suddenly he turn away . ann watch as kong lope off . he pull himself up and over a ruined wall and disappear from sight . angle on : ann , rise to she foot , finally free of she captor . 83. ext . thick jungle - day ngle on : ann hurry through the jungle ... push through thorns , tangled in vine ... she be exhausted , thirsty . ext . log chasm - day ide angle : denham , jack , haye , lumpy , jimmy , preston and the remain crew have arrive at a dark , vine entangled chasm ... span the narrow , but deadly ravine be a single fallen tree . weak sunlight filter through the dark canopy above casting a sickly GREEN hue over the place . ide on : haye , follow by jimmy , lead the group across the slimy , moss cover log ... the go be treacherous . angle on : denham struggle with the camera ... jack follow haye ... lumpy help choy . they put one foot in front of the other , try not to let the drop unnerve they . angle on : haye suddenly stop ... tensely scan the dark ruins on the other side of the chasm ... creepy Pov : ... something be watch the men on the log . J immy ( low voice ) what be it ? haye motion for jimmy to be quiet . he stare intently into the darkness of the foreboding ruins . jimmy ( cont would ) ( whisper ) Mr. haye ...? haye turn and look at jimmy . haye if anything happen , I want you to run ! understand ? jimmy I be not a coward - I be not gonna run . haye ( gently ) it 's not about be brave , Jimmy . close on : jimmy look at haye uneasily , as he continue across the log . ext . far edge of chasm - day ngle on : haye be the first to step off the log , to the safety of the far bank . 84 . ahead , some ruins have collapse , create a long dark tunnel . close on : haye ... peer into the darkness of the tunnel . angle on : a pair of gleaming eye , reflect light ... rush towards haye . haye of back ! back across the log ! the group on the log freeze , start to back away , slip and slide on the wet moss . jimmy I be not gonna run . haye get Jimmy out of here . angle on : haye ... shoot into the darkness of the tunnel . kong rampage out of the tunnel mouth ! he snatch haye with one sweep of he hand . close on : haye in kong 's hand ... immy yell ! kong 's gaze turn toward the men on the log ! jimmy no ! let he go ! ( to haye ) kill he ! kill he ! haye ( to kong ) look at I ! look at I ! jimmy ( desperate ) bring he down ! Mr haye ! slowly haye begin to lift he pistol up ... kong 's gaze lock back on haye ... haye deadly calm ) you have gotta run , Jimmy . immy no ! I be not gonna run . haye do as I say . ( to jimmy ) G of with Jack ... all of you . kong stare at haye a beat ... haye suddenly raise he pistol at kong to shoot ! 85 . haye ( cont would ) run ! angle on : kong hurl haye at the sailor ... he fly over they head like rag -doll and smashes against the far wall of the ravine with a sicken crunch . jimmy no ! jimmy run at kong , blind by tear of grief and rage ... jack knock he down and shoot at kong . jack ( desperate ) shoot he ! wild shoot from the sailor , as they try to maintain balance on the log . kong roar ... desperate sailor try to back across the ravine . kong run towards the log ... kong fist smashes at the log , knock the man off balance . a sailor plummet off into the chasm below . ext . thick jungle - day ngle on : ann hurry through the jungle ... hearing the sound of gun fire . ann hey ! here ! over here ! she run up the bank towards the noise . ext . far edge of chasm - day ide on : kong have lifted the end of the log ! jack , denham , lumpy , choy , jimmy , preston and three sailor hold on for dear life ... as kong vigorously twist and shake the log , buck the men into the air . angle on : denham skate on the moss and he camera slide away , become wedged in the fork of a stump . ll around panicked sailor be shoot wildly , but fear and lack of balance throw they AIM off . wo sailor fall ... choy scramble for something to grab . choy lumpy ! help I ! lumpy desperately try to reach choy be hand ... but choy slip away into the abyss . 86 . kong roar with frustration , and toss the entire log into the chasm ! quick image : denham , preston , jack , jimmy and lumpy grip the log as it fall ! quick image : preston throw off the log halfway down ... he manage to grab onto a rocky shelf . angle on : preston be nearest to the far bank ... he leap , and manage to catch hold of some hang vine , haul himself up to safety . angle on : the log plummet into a web of vine , which arrest its fall and send it flipping end on end , throw the men clear into mid-air ... denham , jack and lumpy land in soft mud which cushion the impact of the landing . ext . valley edge - day ann suddenly spin around ... the distant SOUND of approach footstep through the dense jungle . a flicker of hope in ann be eye ! she start hurry towards the footstep ! close on : ann see a distant plume of smoke - over four mile away ... she hesitates . she slowly turn towards the SOUND of the footstep , which be now very close . suddenly a large 8 foot tall carnivorous dinosaur be in the glade before she ! ngle on : ann as she quietly backtrack . the carnivore pause , as if sensing something . it 's nostril twitch . she duck behind a wide tree . ngle on : ann peering around from behind the tree ... ... there be another carnivore behind her ! it snare at she ... and pounce ! ann leap away ... she barely have time to start run before the carnivore give chase ! angle on : ann race past the first carnivore ... the creature turn it 's head ... and soon both dinosaurs be pursue ann . ext . hollow tree glade - day ngle on : ann desperately head towards the tangled root system of a huge tree . she throw herself forward , as the carnivore's jaw snap above she head . ngle on : ann roll and scramble into a hollow under the rotten tree . angle on : the carnivore claw at the tree , try to get at ann . 87 . ann be lie beneath the root ... all she can see be legs and slavering snout ! the dinosaur ram' it 's nose into the narrow gap . suddenly ... ann see the legs of one of she pursuer lift off the ground - it 's talone foot thrashing in mid-air . he second carnivore turn and flee into the jungle , as ann be force to watch the twitching leg shudder and flail . the SOUND of bone crunching ... crack ! the carnivore's legs spasm and go limp . ann be completely still , she dare not breathe ... whatever kill the carnivore be now inch from she hide place . close on : ann' face ... as she see something crawling above she . close on : a dark hole , beneath the tree ... Long feeler probe along the roof of the hole as a huge centipede crawl towards she . ann do not move as it inch towards she face . suddenly she feel another crawl up over she shoulder . ann freak ! she desperately scramble away from the centipede ... roll out on the other side of the tree and stand to run ... ... towering above she , with the dead carnivore hang limply from it 's huge jaw , be a tyrannosaurus rex ! ann start running ! the tyrannosaur crash after she with the dead carnivore still in it 's mouth ... as she race through the jungle , dodging tree , leaping over fallen log , smash through bushes , the tyrannosaur pounding ever closer in pursuit . ann can feel its hot sour breath blow on the back of she neck ! the huge jaw of the huge beast open inches from ann' head ! E ext . valley edge - day ngle on : ann slip down a muddy bank , roll over a log , and crash noisily through a thicket of palm ... ext . fallen tree glade - day angle on : ann' lung be burst , but the tyrannosaur be gaining on she ... she manage to scramble onto a fallen tree that jut out over a small cliff . ann cling onto the mossy log , and crawl towards the end ... the tyrannosaur cannot possibly follow she . she fall amongst the root , lie as flat as possible , praying the tyrannosaur do not see she . it seem to work and it walk off . ann hesitantly sit up , think that she be at last free , only to turn and discover another be behind she ! with a almost delicate movement , the tyrannosaur nudge the log with it 's head ... cause it to lurch dramatically ! the tyrannosaur push harder , send ann over the side ... 88 . she just manage to grab hold of a branch as she fall . ann hang on desperately ... she scream ! ann be helpless ... the tyrannosaur position it 's head for the final lunge - gape jaw OPEN impossibly wide ... at that moment : kong charge ! kong meet the tyrannosaur head - on at full speed ! he swing , with he foot smash the tyrannosaur against the fallen log ... ann lose she grasp and fall ... as the dinosaur sprawls onto the ground beside she ... in a flash , kong catch her mid-fall ... rolling away as the tyrannosaur leap up and try to take another swipe . ext . skull island jungle - day ast fevere action : a pair of carnivorous dinosaurs leap towards her ! they cling onto kong be arm , claw furiously , snap at ann ! lose on : saliva fly from wild , snap jaw . wide on : kong roll over , thumping he arm against a tree , crush a dinosaur . ann be winded ... she cling to kong finger as he strangle the second beast with one hand , snap it 's neck with a bone crunching sound . uddenly ! a second tyrannosaur attack !!! he come charge into shot , grab kong arm in he jaw ! kong roar , send both tyrannosaurs sprawling to the ground . the first tyrannosaur scramble back to it 's foot ! kong hold ann protectively as he brace himself for the fight of he life . the two tyrannosaurs circle he ... when suddenly ! a third tyrannosaur come from behind . T hey attack kong and ann ... a breathtaking fight to the death . kong fight like a madman on three separate front ... not only do he have to do battle with the tyrannosaurs , he be also protecting ann - constantly transfer she from one hand to the other as the tyrannosaurs SNAP at her heel . kong punch and smashes with he fist , but he also use wrestle - style headlock and flip ... for a brief moment , ann roll free on the ground and have to dodge 25 - foot dinosaurs and the gorilla , as the frenzied fight thunder all around she . the first tyrannosaur be take out when kong lift up a huge boulder and smashes it against the tyrannosaur's head . kong and the two tyrannosaurs slide down on to a rocky outcrop . kong out the second tyrannosaur in a headlock , flipping it over he shoulder , and throw it down into the chasm . clinging onto the ledge kong pull the first tyrannosaur off the ledge ... but as it fall it snap at kong foot . E 89 . kong roar in pain and together they fall down into the chasm ... down into the vine . kong continue to fight the tyrannosaur , as ann be left swinging , caught up in the vine ... toward the second tyrannosaur . he snap at her as she come within inches of he jaw . wide on : kong sees and climb up toward it , pulling it down . they all tumble deeper into the chasm , and suddenly ann find herself dangling from the jaw of the tyrannosaur above the jaw of another ! kong swing and kick the tyrannosaur in the head ... ann lose her grip and plummet down ... vine breaking as she fall . and more smashing against the chasm wall ... she fall and land on the head of another . fall again . she land in the swamp . run . it chase . ext . clearing - day wide on : ann face the tyrannosaur ! suddenly kong thud down behind her ... glaring at the dinosaur ... ann find herself caught between the two beast . ann weigh up her option between both ... and for a moment ann &amp ; kong lock eye . she then back beneath the looming figure of kong . T he tyrannosaur snarl at kong and he roar back ... kong throws ann gently to the side as he and the tyrannosaur lunge at each other . kong grab he jaw in both hand force it OPEN and biting the tyrannosaur's tongue . he roll the tyrannosaur over and over , use all he strength to force the tyrannosaur's jaw OPEN before ripping they clean apart at the hinge ! the tyrannosaur sprawl back , dead . kong be panting heavily ... he have be bitten , raked and CUT . he put he foot on the last tyrannosaur and beat he chest , triumphantly with a deafening roar . wide on : kong kick the dinosaur out the way . kong roar angrily - he blood be up , he be ready to take on the world . he stand next to ann , but he won't look at her directly . she tries to he attention but he look away . he lumber away . kong have deadly intent in he eye . ann watch as he disappear into the jungle . angle on : ann , confuse for a minute ... then run after he . ann wait ! angle on : ann be roughly swung into the air , as kong bound off into the deep jungle interior . ann as she be suddenly snatched up by kong and swung roughly on to he shoulder . close on : ann hang on for dear life as kong gallop into the jungle . kong move swiftly and powerfully through the jungle with ann on he shoulder ... 90 . angle on : ann as she look up at the giant gorilla ... the tension seem to go out of she body , she relax into he hand ... for the first time since come to skull island she feel safe . ext . bottom of chasm - day close on : jack stirring , immediately hearing the scuttle of insect . he roll over and see 's huge spider crawling into the pit . he stagger to he feet ... reaching into he pack and pull from it a flare . throwing it at the spider they crawl off . denham be lie nearby . jack Carl !!! denham stir , mumbling in pain but alive . jack sees jimmy . close on : jimmy be look vacantly into space , jack kneel down . jack ( cont would ) Jimmy ? close on : jimmy look up at jack , there be tear fill he eye . he fall into jack be arm softly sobbing . angle on : denham sit up ... dawn realization in he eye . lumpy , he back to choy ... he hold choy's hand ... but choy's finger slide limply out of lumpy' hand ... lumpy turn to choy .. only to see that he have died . ngle on : haye ' eye close , he face peaceful , lie dead on the floor of the ravine . angle on : denham peering over a rock . the wreckage of the camera lie smashed and break on the chasm floor ... a thin , shiny , thread of black film trail from the smashed camera body like spilt innard . denham reach out and touch the exposed film ... he dream destroyed . wide on : the flare slowly die . close on : jack cradling jimmy in he arm . he look up as he sees the insect crawl back . angle on : a huge six - foot carnivorous maggot -thing squirm out ! it crawl blindly towards lumpy and choy ! angle on : lumpy pull choy's body to safety , but both be attacked by large insect , the size of dog ! jack try to pull the giant crab - spider off lumpy , but instead it turn on he ! more giant crab -spider jump at jack . 91 . lumpy and choy be consumed by the nightmarish bug . angle on : denham be wielding a short stick like a club ... he smashes the huge bug in a psychotic explosion of rage , pulverize they body into the dirt ! all around , monstrositie of nature emerge from dank burrow and crawl towards the jack , denham and jimmy ... this be huge insectile mutant - combination of spider , crab , mantise and centipede ! suddenly jimmy notice the tommy gun stick out of jack pack . grabbing it he aim at the insect on jack . bam ! bam ! bam ! the giant insect be blow apart ! jack look wildly around for denham . they see that they be surrounded by spider . angle on : jack desperately swing at the insect with a stick , whack and stabbing they . bam ! bam ! bam ! gunshot ring out . spider swarm out of hole in the cliff and die . jack spin around ... confuse . angle on : englehorn and a couple of sailor OPEN FIRE from the lip of the chasm , shoot the spider into smithereen ! angle on : bruce swing down from above , cling to a vine ... gun blazing ! bruce proceed to lay waste to the insect ... that not blast apart , scurrying away , back in to the darkness . ext . jungle - day move purposefully along a well - know route to he lair , kong launch himself across a low chasm ... one hand reach out to clutch at thick vine on the other side ... suddenly ! the thick vine tear away from the side of the chasm wall ... kong fall backwards . ann still clutch protectively to he chest he land with a thud ! ann look up alarmed ! kong scramble to he foot , growling ... he place ann on the ground push she protectively behind he . kong Pov : looming out of the chasm wall be a huge face ! close on : ann as she expression suddenly change from fear to dawning comprehension . ann walk past kong ... who emit another low , warning growl . ann it 's alright ... it 's okay ... ann reach the wall and begin to pull away more of the vine and creeper to reveal ... 92 . a life-size and very life - like erode statue of a sitting giant gorilla ... the image of kong ... ann turn back excitedly to kong , try to make he understand . ann ( cont would ) look - it 's you ... " Kong " . see ... you . " Kong " . this be you . kong look from ann to the huge statue ... kong Pov : ann be dwarf by the stone monolith . push in on kong ... a grow sense of realisation as he come to understand the statue be in fact a reflection of himself . close on : kong look down at he hand ... it 's as if he be see he gnarle , leathery finger for the first time . ann move towards kong ... he look at she ... there be a vulnerable expression on he face ... fear and sadness well in he eye . ext . skull mountain - dusk in vertigo-inducing shot , kong climb higher and higher - up into the highest peak of skull island ... carefully cradling ann in he hand . a sudden flap of wing and flickering shadow cause kong to pull ann close to he chest as a sinister bat -type creature lunge at she ... this scavenger hover in the skie around skull mountain ... they have eight - foot wing span and taloned feet . they face be more reptile than bat . 93. ext . kong be lair - dusk wide on : kong step out of a large round cave onto a ledge that jut out high over skull island ... this be kong lair ... over the ledge be a dizzying drop of at least 1000 - foot down to the jungle . the " venture " can be see - moor off the tip of the island , some three mile away . ngle on : kong gently place ann on the ground ... ann watch as he move away and sit to one side of the ledge . the sky be a fiery orange as the SUN go down ... silhouetting the figure of kong ... close on : ann look around the cave take in she strange surroundings ... she eye fall upon a huge gorilla skull and skeleton which lie within the recess of the cave ... ann turn and look back at kong ... realize this be the bone of he forebear ... that kong be not always alone . sudden flutter in the dark recess of the lair , a sinister SOUND , send ann scurrying towards kong ... ong will not look at she . ann break into a few tap step ... no response . she lean down and pick up some stone ... juggling they , attempt to amuse he as she do before . kong 's gaze remain avert ... he look out over the jungle canopy . ann follow he gaze , take in the rugged landscape which be bath in the last evening ray of the SUN . she stare out to sea , a rain cloud cast shadow over the ocean . ann ( softly ) it 's beautiful . kong sit quietly stare out over the jungle ... she look up at he . ann ( cont would ) beautiful . ann place she hand against she heart . ann ( cont would ) beau-ti-ful . kong big paw unfurl beside ann ... she hesitates for a moment , then climb into it . angle on : kong gently lift ann ... 94 . wide on : kong with ann , high above the jungle , as the last of the dusk light fade . ext . log chasm - day lose on : hand reach down as englehorn and a sailor pull preston up the last stretch of the rope ... englehorn turn and see jack climb towards the top of the D chasm ... two sailor reach down to help he . denham thank God . englehorn do not thank God , thank Mr. baxter ... close on : bruce pulling himself up the rope , gasp from exertion . englehorn ( cont would ) he insisted on a rescue mission . I ? I know you would be okay ... close on : denham look up to see englehorn stand at the top of the chasm . englehorn be watch he impassively . englehorn ( cont would ) that 's the thing about cockroach ; no matter how many time you flush they down the toilet they always crawl back up the bowl ! angle on : denham as he rise to he foot . denham ey buddy ! I be outta the bowl ! I be drying off my wing and trekk across the lid ! englehorn look at denham a beat and then look across the chasm in surprise . denham follows he gaze . wide on : jack at the top of the opposite side of the chasm ... a solitary figure , bloody and tear . englehorn driscoll ... do not be a fool ! give it up , it 's useless ... she 's dead . denham ( quietly ) she 's not dead . Jack 's gonna bring she back . englehorn turn to denham . 95 . denham ( cont would ) and the ape will be hard on he heel . we can still come out of this thing okay - ( pause ) more than okay . think about it , you have get a boat full of chloroform we can put to good use . englehorn look at denham for a beat and then laugh . englehorn you want to trap the ape ? I do not think so . denham be not that what you do ? live animal capture ? I hear you be the best . englehorn stare at denham for a moment , it be impossible to know what he be think . denham ( cont would ) Jack ! jack look at denham D ... denham raise a hand in salute . denham ( cont would ) ( call ) look after yourself ! jack keep the Gate open . denham sure thing , buddy ! good luck ! angle on : jack turn to go ... and disappear up the dark tunnel . denham ( cont would ) I be sorry . ext . thick jungle - dusk angle on : jack struggle through the jungle ... he break into clearing and stop short as he see 's the vast vista of the mountain in front of he . int . kong be lair - night angle on : moonlight steam into the cave ... kong sit on he ledge , he cradle ann in he arm . close on : ann sleep peacefully in he hand . angle on : kong gently lift ann ... he stare at she ... he finger touch ann' hair . 96 . ext . kong be lair - night angle on : jack be climb up through rock towards kong lair ! bat -thing flutter ... agitate ... sensing a intruder . close on : jack freeze . ngle on : a large number of bat - thing be gathering amid the stalactite that hang from the roof of the cavern . he scan the lair for any sign of ann ... but can not see she . the old bone of a large gorilla lie across the cave from jack . ack climb higher into the cave until at last he 's on the ledge with kong . angle on : jack move forward , towards kong . he stay in the shadow of the rock . jack crawl forward onto the ledge . ext . kong be lair - night angle on : jack creep close to the sleeping kong back ... he shoulder gently heaving with each breath . lose on : jack crawl past kong feet ... he look in amazement . ... ann be asleep in kong hand ! lose on : kong growls ... jack spin around ... kong be growl in he sleep ! jack be less than 8 feet away from ann . close on : ann' eye OPEN . for a moment she stare blankly at jack ... then realisation arrive quickly - he have come for she ! she look at jack with disbelief . lose on : jack look at ann , draw a finger to he lip ... neither dare to move , or make a sound . ery slowly , jack rise and step towards ann . he gesture for she to stay motionless in kong palm . ngle on : the salivate , carnivorous bat - thing flutter out of the cave and swarm around the ledge ... they fear of kong be overwhelm by the tempting sight of jack and ann . kong stir . close on : jack extend he hand towards ann ... she reach out ... they finger touch ... ... and kong eye SNAP OPEN ! 97 . time seem to slow : jack attempt to grab ann' wrist , but kong finger close around ann with stun speed ! kong roll to he feet , pull ann away from jack ! ngle on : kong snarl at jack , who now stand helplessly before he . the bat -thing swarm above kong . ann ( yell ) Jack , run ! angle on : kong swat at jack with he free hand . ann struggle and kick in he grasp . a ann ( cont would ) ( yell ) no ! kong place ann high on a SMALL ledge and charge at jack ! ngle on : jack roll to the side , kong fist smash down around he ! ong stamp on jack , who dive clear , just as the huge foot pummel into the ground . close on : jack be lying on the ground with kong rear above he ... there be no escape ! close on : kong be eye , blaze with deadly intent . he lift he foot , ready to squash jack like a bug ! at that moment ! ann shriek in pain ! kong spin around ... angle on : ann be under attack from the bat - thing ... they be frenzying around ann , sharp claw lash she ! she cower against the rock face , try to protect herself . close on : kong ... roaring with anger ... he abandon jack and charge at the bat - thing ! the frenzied bat - thing attack kong en masse as he snatch ann from the ledge . they strike at kong and ann like a swarm of giant bee . kong roar and thrashes out at they in a frenzy ! ngle on : kong put ann down against the rock , so he can use both hand to strike at the deadly bat - thing . with every sweep of he arm , several bat - thing be knocked to the ground , but other claw at he head and body . a ngle on : jack seize he chance ! he rush along the edge of the cliff towards ann ... under the cover of a overhang . 98 . jack and ann be inch away from each other right behind kong feet ! ack grab ann' hand and lead she towards the only possible escape route - the edge of the ledge , 1000 feet above the jungle ! jack grab a large vine , testing it 's strength . he turn to Ann . jack ( urgent ) this way ! come on ! jack pull ann to he and clamber over the edge of the dizzying drop . ext . ledge - night wide on : jack and ann desperately climb down the thick vine that hang over the ledge ... hand over hand ... the SOUND of kong roaring above , as he battle the bat -thing . ext . kong be lair - night angle on : several bat -thing be grip and clawing kong back in a effort to weaken the huge ape ... he suddenly pound he back against the wall of the cave , squashing they all ! the survive bat - thing wheel away from kong , hissing angrily ... 16 lie on the cave floor , stunned or dead . they flutter towards the back of the cave , prepare they next attack . kong look for ann ... she have gone ! ext . ledge - night angle on : jack and ann be 60 feet down the vine ... jack be try to swing towards the rock face ... suddenly ! they start rising ! wide on : kong be pulling on the vine ! he lift jack and ann towards he , like a fisherman reeling in a catch . ann tighten she grip on jack shoulder as bat -thing flutter around they . a ngle on : jack and ann be helpless ... kong almost have they ! bat - thing dive towards jack and ann ! a bat - thing claw at jack head . he release one hand and grab it 's taloned ankle . ack ( yell ) hang on to I ! 99 . ann hang onto jack for dear life , as he grab the bat - thing other ankle . angle on : jack and ann descending rapidly ... the bat - thing furiously flapping it 's wing , but unable to stop the spiralling plunge past the cliff face . sound of kong roaring with grief from the ledge . ext . river - night the bat - thing wobble crazily in the sky , rapidly losing ENERGY ... jack look down - a fast flowing river be 50 foot below . he release he grip ! ann scream as she and jack fall into the river ... they be immediately pick up by the current and swept away . jack and ann be carry into the rapid , sweep down a small waterfall , surfacing into a fast - flowing , but less violent part of the river . int . kong be lair - night kong roar with anger and grief . ext . village wall wide on : the village wall and surrounding , as kong roar echoe out over the island . close on : denham &amp ; englehorn as they hear kong anger . ext . river bank - pre-dawn angle on : half drown jack and ann swim to the side of the river , haul themselves up on the muddy bank . kong Pov as he crash through the jungle in hot pursuit . a enraged kong be visible ... quickly descend from he mountain lair ! ext . dense jungle - pre-dawn angle on : jack and ann racing through the jungle . ext . wall grotto - dawn ngle on : low angle of the wall and altar . a low thundering SOUND reverberate ... bird lift off from tree . 100 . suddenly ! jack and ann appear from the undergrowth , running towards the chasm and wall ... the altar bridge have be raise , and hang just out of reach . ack ( yell ) Carl ! ow angle : the top of the wall be desert ... ann please ! somebody help we ! soundtrack : a roar ... grow louder ... ann cast a nervous glance over she shoulder . tree crash to the ground as kong smashes he way through the jungle towards the clearing ... ann look at the desert wall . ann ( cont would ) ( ashen ) they have go . jack ( yell ) Carl ? oh Christ ! Carl ? ext . native village / wall - dawn close on : denham silently listen to he friend call . ider on : preston , englehorn , bruce and jimmy be wait nearby . preston Drop the bridge ! do it now , for chrissake ! denham ( quiet ) not yet ... wait . the group react to kong be roar - now very close . a sailor with a machete hover near the rope , ready to cut it on denham command . denham ( cont would ) wait ... preston ( incense ) no Carl ... preston suddenly leap to he foot and snatch the machete . he slice through the rope ... 101 . ext . wall grotto - dawn ngle on : the bridge drop , just as kong explode from the jungle ! J kong see ann and charge forward ! ack and ann race across the bridge , get to the other side just as kong leap the chasm . jack lead ann through the hole in the door ... kong smashes through the bamboo defence . ext . native village / wall - dawn angle on : jack and ann run into the village ... it look desert . denham suddenly rise and walk past they towards the gate , fixate on the roaring beast , smash at the timber . close on : ann ... see group of sailor crouch behind rock , with grappling hook at the ready . preston lie to one side , a rag hold against he bleeding face . englehorn grip a crate of chloroform bottle . englehorn ( shouting ) now !!! angle on : kong smashes through the gate ! for a brief moment kong make eye contact with ann ... she look at he despairingly . he reach towards she ... denham to englehorn ) bring he down ! do it ! angle on : sailor throw grappling hook at kong , hauling on the rope . a ann no ! jack be you out of you mind ? Carl ! bruce rush forward , pull preston to he foot , hustling he towards the tunnel exit . englehorn yell at sailor poise on the top of the wall . denham Drop the net ! angle on : the sailor drop boulder attach to a large ship net ... kong be pushed to the ground by the weight . close on : denham turn to englehorn . denham ( cont would ) Gas he ! 102 . ann ( sobbing ) no ! please - do not do this ! close on : jack hold ann back . jack Ann ... he will kill you ! ann no , he will not . angle on : kong try to get up ... englehorn hurl the chloroform bottle at kong , smash it on the ground right under he face . ann ( cont would ) no ! kong breathes in the cloud of chloroform , he try to push himself up . englehorn keep he down ! sailor throw boulder down from the top of the wall , pummelling kong head . ann break away from jack , rush at englehorn , grab he arm just as he prepare to throw another chloroform bottle . ann stop it ! you be kill he ! englehorn get she out of here ! get she out of he sight ! jack take ann' arm ... denham yell at he , as kong rage intensify . denham do it ! close on : ann stare up at jack . ann let go of I ... close on : jack , he stare at ann , tear about what to do . his eye flicker towards kong . he make he decision . a ngle on : jack pull ann by the hand towards the tunnel entrance . she struggle to break free . close on : kong watching ann be dragge away ... he explode with anger , suddenly rising to he feet , rip the net to piece ! he swing the rope away , send hapless sailor fly through the AIR ! 103 . close on : denham look on in horror , as he plan to capture kong fall apart . sailor we can not contain he ! englehorn kill it ! denham no ! englehorn it 's over , you goddamn lunatic ! denham I need he alive ! englehorn shoot it !!! angle on : enraged kong throw sailor and overturn stone building . close on : jimmy , grip a tommy gun , stand in front of kong ... he pose reflect haye ' last stand . englehorn pull jimmy away by the collar , shove he down the path . englehorn ( cont would ) Jimmy - get out of here ! get to the boat ! ( yell ) all of you ! run ! ong climb down the wall . ext . beach - dawn angle on : jack run with ann towards a wait boat ... ann fight as jack try to lift she on board ... both turn ! jack get in the boat ! ann ( distraught ) no ! it 's I he want . I can stop this - kong stampede down towards the cove ... jimmy stand he ground with he tommy gun . ack yell at bruce . jack take she ! bruce take ann , as englehorn leap into they boat ... he yell to the sailor . 104 . ann let I go to he ! englehorn row ! get the hell out of here ! angle on : jack push jimmy into the second boat . ack Jimmy ! no ! jack try to prevent jimmy from shoot at kong , as sailor push they boat away from the shore . close on : denham find a crate of chloroform bottle on the floor of the boat . he snatch one up ... prepare to throw . angle on : jimmy manage to fire a burst at kong ... kong charge in FURY and thump he fist down on the bow of the boat . a ngle on : denham be flung into the water , still clutching the chloroform bottle . angle on : kong fling the boat against the cove wall , smash it - send jack , jimmy and sailor into the sea ! ann look on in horror as jack surface , hold onto jimmy , who be coughing sea water . kong turn to ann' boat ... he look at she ... ann go back ! kong pause at the SOUND of she voice ... as if sense she fear for he . englehorn hold she ! bruce hold ann as englehorn suddenly fire a harpoon into kong knee ... kong roar in pain and sink into the water . ann be sobbing with distress . angle on : englehorn start loading a second harpoon ... denham scramble on to a rock , clutching the chloroform bottle . denham wait ! englehorn ignore he , intent on kill kong with he next harpoon . a ngle on : kong start crawling painfully towards ann . englehorn have almost finish loading . ann leave he alone ! 105 . angle on : denham steady himself on he rock as kong crawl past . he hurl the chloroform bottle ... it smashes against kong face . kong start choke on the gas . angle on : jack in the sea , hold the unconscious jimmy , watch ann from across the void of water ... kong start to succumb to the gas ... he reach for ann . ann watch kong hand reach out to she .... but she can no longer help he ... she have fail to stop this happen . close on : ann turn away from kong ... as he slump into unconsciousness . close on : ann and jack make eye contact across the water .... she start to cry . jack be unable to offer she any comfort . angle on : denham step up to the unconscious kong : denham he whole world will pay to see this . we be millionaire , boy . I will share it with all of you ! in a few month he name will be up in light on Broadway ! " Kong - the eighth wonder of the World " ! smash CUT to : ext . broadway theatre - night angle on : neon letter announce " king kong - the eighth wonder of the world ! " on a huge glittering marquee . wide on : the bustle of time square on a winter's night , the colorful light reflect in newly fallen snow . a n excite and curious crowd be converge on the theatre - cab be pull up ... a queue be form ... scalper be sell ticket outside the door . lose on : billboard outside the theatre proclaim " relive the adventure of the century ... see miss Ann darrow offer to the Beast ! " int . theatre dressing room - night angle on : ann be seat alone in a dressing room , she be put on stage makeup . there be a emptiness in she face . she appear disconnected , she thought on thing far away . ext . broadway theatre - night angle on : crowd flow into the theatre . 106 . int . broadway theatre lobby - night wide on : the theatre lobby be teaming with people , hand coat and hat to the check -in girl on the cloakroom . angle on : denham who be warmly greet zelman along with the sleazy and thuggish investor ... both of whom have starlet hang on they arm ... a ngle on : preston watch from the balcony . he be look at denham . reverse on : denham glance up , catch the strange look in preston be eye ... angle on : denham turn away and turn on a instant smile for a wait photographer . pushing in on : preston ... on the soundtrack a sudden burst of uproarious laughter ! drew v/o look at yourself ! look at what you have become ! int . arty theatre - night angle on : edgar , a young man , dressed as a woman be pull to one side by he friend , drew . they be on the stage set of a HOTEL lobby . a large BOWL of fruit sit on a decorative sideboard . drew no woman be worth this ! edgar this woman be worth it . I have gotta win she back . I do not care what it take . drew she 's not gonna buy it for a second ! edgar shuddup and hand I the grapefruit . edgar proceed to stuff a large grapefruit down he brassiere . the audience break into laughter . the camera pan along a row in a SMALL fringe theatre , and come to rest on a theatre programme in the hand a middle - aged woman . the front cover read : " Cry havoc " by Jack driscoll . pull focus to reveal : jack sit behind the woman , intently watch the stage ... angle on : jayne a blonde actress who look similar to ann , and thelma , she confidant , enter the HOTEL lobby from the other side of the stage ... 107 . thelma tell I everything - every little detail ! they sit on a sofa as edgar take a seat in a armchair nearby . jayne so , he take I to a fancy french restaurant ... thelma french , huh ? jayne anyway about half way through the whore derve - he clutches my hand ... thelma he clutches you hand ?! edgar ( falsetto ) it feel like the right thing to do at the time . ( falsetto ) oh ! I be sorry - I could not help but over - hear ! the two women look at he a beat before turn back to each other . jayne he 's look into my eye - thelma and that 's when he tell you how he feel ? jayne no - he never say it . thelma he never say it ?! edgar ( falsetto ) he probably think he do not need to say it . audience laugh ! thelma then how do she know that it 's real ? jayne he say it be not about the word . thelma please - if you feel it , you say it . it 's really very simple . 108 . jayne he say we would talk about it later . only there be no later ... camera push in on jack .... ayne ( cont would ) it never happen . ( reflective ) I just think that maybe this one time , thing might actually work out - which be really very ... lose on : jack , hearing he own word ... jack / jayne ... foolish .... uddenly jack stand and make he way past surprised audience member , head for the exit . helma Men ! they will give you the world ... but they let the one thing that truly matter slip through they finger . all for the sake of three little word ! edgar ( indignant ) the three hardest word in the English language ! audience member break into fresh laughter as jack leave the theatre . ext . arty theatre - night wide on : jack stride out of the SMALL theatre , pull he collar up against the cold . above he , a simple billboard advertise " Cry havoc , a new play by Jack driscoll " int . broadway theatre wing - night close on : carl denham quietly wait in the wing of the huge broadway theatre . it be a moment of calm ... he be feel a mixture of pride and anticipation . the SOUND of kong breathing - a rasping weak growl - cause denham to flick he eye to the darken area behind the curtain . int . theatre dressing room - night angle on : ann in her dressing room pull on she costume . 109 . int . broadway theatre - night wide on : the huge auditorium be fill with nearly 2000 people . the excitement in the air be palpable . wide on : the large crowd applaud as denham stride onto the stage in the glare of the single spotlight . he wave enthusiastically to the audience , bask in the acclaim he have want for so long . denham hank you ! thank you ! thank you ! thank you ! lady and gentlemen , I be here to tell you a very strange story ... a story of we adventure in which seventeen of we party suffer horrible death ! they life lose in pursuit of a savage Beast , a monstrous aberration of nature ! but even the meanest brute can be tame . yes , lady and gentlemen , as you will see , the Beast be no match for the charm of a girl - a girl from New York ... who melt he heart . bring to mind that old Arabian proverb ... int . theatre dressing room - night close on : ann , now in a white velvet gown , a look of sadness in she eye . denham v/o cont would ) " and lo the Beast look upon the face of beauty and beauty stay he hand ... and from that day forward he be as one dead ... " a voice interrupt ann be contemplation . stage manager you be on , miss darrow , five minute . ann stand up ... int . broadway theatre stage - night denham bask in the spotlight . denham no now lady &amp ; gentlemen , I be go to show you the great thing you eye have ever beheld . he be a King in the world he know but he come to D you now ... a captive ! denham lift he arm ... 110 . denham ( cont would ) lady and gentleman : I give you Kong - the eighth wonder of the World !! stage music strike up . int . broadway theatre stage - night wide on : with a dramatic flourish the curtain slowly rise to reveal : kong sit slump and unresponsive , he wrist manacled to a steel scaffold . other manacle and chain secure he ankle , neck and waist . there be a big gasp from the audience ... kong be sheer size be overwhelming . close on : denham ... euphoric , as the collective gasp of 2000 people wash over he . ngle on : kong 's head loll , as if he be barely aware of he surroundings ... denham do not be alarmed , lady and gentleman . it be perfectly safe . this chain be make of chrome steel ! wild applause ! ext . new york street - night angle on : jack , jostle on a crowded new york STREET hurry rapidly along the sidewalk . jack cross the busy road , head straight towards the broadway theatre . int . broadway theatre stage - night wide on : denham on stage with kong ... denham dramatic ) observe if you will , I be touch the beast ! I be actually lay my hand on the twenty - five foot gorilla . denham reach up and touch kong leg . kong be foot twitches slightly cause denham to jump back in fright ... lose on : jack enter the auditorium . angle on : denham signal to the stage hand in the wing ... 111 . angle on : a stage hand begin to crank a winch ... the chain at kong wrist tighten ... the audience gasp as kong be slowly forced to he full height ... angle on : jack walk into the back of the balcony of the darken auditorium . he quietly make he way down the shadowed aisle . ngle on : denham turn back to face the audience ... denham ( cont would ) we have in the auditorium tonight , a surprise guest . the real life hero of this story ... the man who hunt down the mighty " Kong " ! close on : jack as he watch denham , unnerve by the spectacle . denham ( cont would ) the man who risk all to win the freedom of a helpless female ! a big hand for ... Mr. Bruce baxter ! angle on : bruce stride on stage , dress as the great White Hunter . uge audience acclaim ! denham shake bruce by the hand , slapping he on the back as if they be old friend ... bruce turn and acknowledge the adulation of the audience . a line of dancers , dress as cheesy native appear from either side of the stage . they dance to the beat , play to kong , who stare impassively at they . a pulsating drum beat begin to fill the auditorium ! denham ( cont would ) lady and gentlemen , imagine if you will a unchart island ... a forget fragment from another time ... and cling to life in this savage place , imagine a people untutor in the way of the civilise world . a people who have dwelt all they life in the shadow of fear ! in the shadow of ... " Kong " ! close on : jack ... stare transfixed at the stage . ehind he in the darkness of the auditorium a figure rise from a seat . preston ( quietly ) he be right ... jack turn to find preston stand beside he ... 112 . preston ( cont would ) ... about there still be some mystery leave in this world ... close on : preston stare down at the figure of denham , stand to one side of the stage ... preston ( cont would ) ( softly ) and we can all have a piece of it ... for the price of a admission ticket . angle on : preston turn to look at jack ... jack eye flicker towards the scar which run down one side of preston' cheek ... jack ( quietly ) that 's the thing you come to learn about Carl ... he unfail ability to destroy the thing he love . angle on : denham as he stride to the front of the stage ... denham lease remain calm , lady and gentlemen - for we now come to the climax of this savage ritual ... the sacrifice of a beautiful young girl ! the crowd erupt into wild cheer ! he light dim ... the drum beat increase ... the native dancers fall to they knee in worship as a platform rise from beneath the stage ... denham ( cont would ) behold she terror as she be offer up to the mighty " Kong " ! a big hand folk for the bravest girl I ever meet ! miss Ann darrow ! a dramatic silhouette of a woman dress in a white silk gown . she be tie to a wooden altar , she back to the audience . close on : kong , a flicker of hope in he eye . the tiny figure tethere to the altar look up ! for the first time kong see she face . a ngle on : kong utterly confuse ; this be not ann , but a woman in a blonde wig , dress to look like her ! ong roar ! fake ann thrashes around scream unconvincingly ! fake ann no ! no ! help I , no ! 113 . angle on : kong stare at fake ann with mount confusion and anger ! close on : jack as he realise it be not ann on stage . he turn to preston . jack where be she ?? int . broadway theatre stage - night close on : jack glance at preston , who turn away look uncomfortable . jack ( urgent ) where 's Ann ? preston I have no idea . I hear he offer she all kind of money and she turn he down flat . int . showgirl theatre - night slow , dreamy music ... a feathered fan sweep across a face to reveal ... ann . wider : ann dance in a line of chorus girl , all identically dress ... angle on : a male dancer slide into view ... the STAR of the show ... the women behind he , merely window dress . push in : on ann as she go through the motion of the routine ... a look of distant sorrow on she face . int . broadway theatre stage - night close on : photographer push forward , light bulb flash at kong who roar angrily . denham signal to bruce to join he ... behind they we can see the fake ann still perform she feign terror ... denham here 's you story , boy - " beauty and the man who save she from the Beast " . angle on : jack watch from the balcony ... he stare at kong who be breathing hard through he nostril ... jack can feel kong be mount anger . jack ( turn to preston ) we have get this people out of here - 114 . jack be eye turn to the audience seat nearby ... he get up and attempt to usher people out . jack ( cont would ) everyone have to leave . close on : kong , he anger grow as he struggle against he chain . PRESS man 2 how do you feel , Mr. baxter - when you be on the island ? bruce well to be honest with you , I have some anxious moment ... the member of the PRESS all nod , understandingly ... bruce ( cont would ) for a while there it look like I be not go to get pay ... but as it turn out , Mr. denham here have be more than generous - close on : denham ... denham et he roar ! it make a swell picture !!! angle on : denham and bruce as they pose for the photographer . angle on : jack head down the stair , try to convince member of the audience to leave . jack head for the exit ... audience 2 get you own seat buddy - you be not have mine . the confuse audience continue to applaud ... close on : the fake ann' eye suddenly widen as : kong rip one of he manacled hand free ! ake ann let out she most convincing scream ! journalist and photographer start back away , snap picture as they retreat ... flashbulb pop ... kong cower back shield he eye ... roaring in defiance ! another deafening roar !!! denham look up , awestruck , as he see kong tearing free of the rest of he chain !! the audience begin to rise from they seat ... panic set in ! 115 . aaaarrrrrgh !!!!! the fake ann tethere to the altar scream again for help ! kong reach across and pick she up , hurling the fake ann and the altar across the wide auditorium ! low motion : link snap ... chain break , bolt lift from the floor ! with a mighty flourish , kong rip off he waist restraint and be at last completely free ! the audience rush the exit in a collective stampede ! kong swing from the stage into the front row seat ... stomping and crushing the slower move patron ! ext . broadway theatre - night angle on : patron rush out of the theatre into the street . int . broadway theatre stage - night kong roar and hurl a plaster cornice across the length of the theatre - straight at jack ! ong be now below the balcony level ... n that moment kong turn ... and see jack ! for a brief second they eye lock ! ngle on : kong use he amazing strength to swing up to the upper level box ... with a leap he jump on to the balcony ... the balcony crumble under he weight ... send dozen of people plummete into the stall . ack turn and run for the door as kong struggle to reach he . jack reach the exit , turn and look back at kong , a mixture of dread and awe on he face . close on : denham remain in the middle of the theatre mesmerize by the spectacle of kong be unleash power ! ext . broadway - night angle on : jack emerge from the theatre , all around he panicked people run in terror ! boom ! jack turn in time to see ... the vast theatre wall explode onto the street , shower people and car with brick and steel ... kong burst into the middle of the road !!! angle on : jack stare up in horror as kong head straight for he ... jack be go to die ! 116 . with a anguished roar the huge gorilla stumble past jack into the bright light of time square ... he have not see jack ! kong spin around reacting with terrify confusion to the strangeness of car , truck , tram , light ... scream people everywhere ! J ack watch as kong fear build to a grow sense of anger and frustration ! angle on : kong circle time square ... snatching up any woman with blonde hair ... desperately look for ann ! odging bit of flying debris , jack tire to push he way through crowd of fleeing people towards kong ... ar windscreen Pov ... kong stomp on the car in front , lift foot and stomp over camera . angle on : a tram head straight for kong ... the giant gorilla thrust out a arm protectively ... kong pull he arm back ... tram firmly attach ! kong fist be caught in the tram' window ! close on : jack ... as he realise what kong be do ... jack ( under he breath ) oh Jesus ... angle on : jack as he watch kong head off down broadway . crashing off building kong careen out of time square ... ext . new york shabby theatre - night angle on : ann emerge from a shabby theatre , just as several police car drive past at speed . ann run to a intersection and look up the STREET . several block away pandemonium be erupting outside a broadway theatre . ann start to run . ext . broadway / new york - night jack spy a cab that have stop in the middle of the road ... it 's driver watch the scene , mouth agape ! angle on : jack jump into the back of the cab . he gesture towards kong ! jack follow that ape ! angle on : the cab driver jump out of the cab . cabbie it 's all yours , buddy ! 117 . angle on : jack scramble into the front seat of the cab ... he throw it into gear and head off after kong ! angle on : kong react like a cornered animal in a blind panic ... flailing he arm in panic , the tram swinging through the air and smashing into building like a giant club ! ngle on : jack drive the cab down broadway ... swerving to miss bit of tram that disintegrate off the fist of kong ... jack accelerate , straight through the legs of the giant gorilla ! angle on : the cab spin so that it now be face kong ! angle on : kong ... he fist about to smash down on a tram full of people ! the blare of a car horn make he turn ... he hesitates ... realize who be behind the wheel of the cab ! ack' Pov ... as kong come closer . panicking driver pile into each other . jack desperately try he door , but it will not open , he be wedged in by car on either side . kong lift the car directly in front - high above he head , throw it into a build . ext / int . street / cab - night close on : jack foot depress accelerator . the wheel be spinning wildly ... in a cloud of burning rubber , the cab speed down the road , weaving in and out of the path cut by kong destruction . kong bound after the cab , run on all four with incredible speed . jack cross a intersection , drive up on the sidewalk to get a clearer drive lane ... pedestrian scatter - not only from the cab , but from kong who be in hot pursuit . T he cab slews across the STREET , disappear up a tiny alley , only just wide enough for the cab , but too narrow for kong . jack glance back at kong , roaring with frustration at the alley entrance . ext / int . herald sq / cab - night jack speed out of the alley and cross the traffic flow , cause much braking and horn action . he get slowed in thick traffic ... kong burst he way out of the alley entrance ... right in front of jack cab !!! jack swerve on to the sidewalk ... 118. jack steer the cab wildly along the sidewalk scatter pedestrian in all direction ! kong follow in hot pursuit ! ack send the cab into a couple of tight turn ... he round a bend and drive straight into a fruit vendor' stall ! angle on : the cab , cover by the ruined stall , slam into the wall of a build . jack be throw forward on impact ... kong round the corner and bound past jack cab ... hide beneath the rubble ... kong search for the cab , roaring in frustration ! kong huge eye glance in the window , just as : kong suddenly freeze ! he incline he head ; unsure if what he be see be real . kong be Pov : ann be walk towards he ! kong tentatively inch toward ann ! ann stop ... kong stop . they stare at each other for a long moment ... ann offer kong a small smile , and reach she hand out hesitantly towards he arm . k ong gently pick ann up ... he eye never leave she face . ann hold tightly on to he hand and they disappear into the night . ext . central park - night ide on : kong carry ann through the snow cover tree of central park ... suddenly he find himself step on to the frozen pond ... angle on : the giant gorilla slip on the ice ... as soon as he hand hit the ice he slip ... kong stand up and growl ... he slip again , spin this time ... it become a game ... close on : ann realize what be happen ... she start to laugh . light spin past ... it be a brief moment of respite ... suddenly ! bullet rain down on kong &amp ; ann ... kong rear back in fright . ngle on : military truck as it launch rocket at kong . commander Fire ! 119 . more rain down as smash ! the ice crack under the weight of the mortar FIRE ... roaring with anger kong struggle out from the frozen pond and flee ... back on to the street of new york . ext . new york street - night kong bound out into the street , sway to avoid the bullet fire , angrily smash car out the way . angle on : the truck flipping through the AIR as kong continue on he way through the street ... kong roar defiantly as the gun' barrel swing in they direction ! the street be teeming with this vehicle as the army spread out across town in the hunt for kong . army vehicle be racing along the quiet street ... a armore car be fire at kong ... follow by a truck carry a mobile searchlight . kong bound into a construction site , climb with ease up through the frame . a military truck race through the street of new york ... still fire at kong . angle on : ann clutches kong as he bound along the roof at high speed ! another searchlight find he ! ... and another ! the army be close in . machine -gun FIRE rip past he as he leap another great distance across the STREET . ann cling on , shutting she eye . as bullet whizz around he , kong leap across the STREET - 10 storey high ! he land on the opposite rooftop and bound away . angle on : jack run along the STREET , follow a stream of police and miliary vehicle . rmored car and mobile searchlight converge on kong ... ahead of he , across the cavern of 34th STREET , rise the sheer wall of the empire state build !!! a n mobile anti - aircraft gun screech to a halt on 34th STREET . angle on : a army commander shout rapid order to he men . commander standby to fire ! the captain run up to the army commander ... 120 . captain I can not give that order ! Sir , the ape 's hold a girl - angle on : the army commander brushes past the captain ... commander ( drily ) then I guess it 's she unlucky day . shout to he gunners ) take aim ! captain Sir ...?! commander ( to he gunners ) shoot to kill ! ( yell ) Fire ! Pov : look up cross -hair at kong , high on the side of the building - a sitting duck . a sudden bloom of FIRE erupt from the gun barrel speed straight towards kong and ann ! angle on : kong leap across 34th STREET just as boom ! the missile hit the build be roof ! wide on : kong smashes into the side of the empire state build ! glass rain down 12 stories to the STREET as kong use window for hand and foot hold . he be one - handed - he other hand still hold ann protectively to he chest . jack run forward amidst the noise and confusion he stare up at the long length of the empire state build ... ush in : jack stare at the unguard , darken entrance to the empire state build ... ext . empire state build / manhattan - pre dawn look at manhattan from the harbour ... the empire state build rise from the midtown area like a giant solitary finger , reach for the heaven . wide shot ... kong climb the empire state build , silhouett against the lightening sky . looking down ... ann cling to kong shoulder , a dizzying 1000 foot drop to the street below . kong climb onto the observation deck of the empire state build . he gently place ann down ... a chill wind catch at she dress . ann look up at kong ... blood slowly seep from he numerous wound ... 121. kong sit still , stare out across the CITY ... to the east the sun be rise , casting a soft glow over building ... glint off the water of the east ... ong look down at ann ... he gesture with he hand ... touch he heart ... ann look at he confuse , he repeat the gesture ... close on : ann , she understand ... ann ( whisper ) beautiful ... here , high above the squalor and the noise and confusion , the city lie quiet , almost peaceful ... ann ( cont would ) yes ... yes it be . wider ... kong cradle ann in he hand as they share the moment . wide on : kong and ann sit on the ledge , watch the SUN rise . six naval biplane suddenly roar into shot , sweeping low over the downtown business district ... and close in on kong . this be two - seater , armed with twin machine -gun for the pilot , and a flexible machine - gun for the observer . close on : pilot' finger on trigger . a cold wind blow ann be hair as she watch the plane approach . kong be uneasy about this buz predator as they circle above he . the naval plane peel off into a attacking dive at kong . down gun -sight ... drift leave and right as kong grow in size ... locked on ! kong be suddenly fearful ... he instinctively push ann towards the build be wall ! the plane split to either side of kong , zooming straight at he ! kong roar at the plane , as if issue a challenge . ann be scream ... ann ( cont would ) no !!! the six naval plane fly at kong from different direction ! machine -gun start firing ! kong roar ... and snatch at the naval plane as they zoom by ... he flinch as he be hit by bullet ! 122. kong clamber onto the side of the build and begin climb to the upper most level ... attempt to draw the plane away from ann ... close on : the masked face of a pilot as he head straight for kong . angle on : kong swipe at the mooring mast and send it crash down to the street below . wider on : kong stand atop the build , roaring &amp ; drumming he chest in anger . angle on : ann as she desperately begin to climb up a service ladder on the outside of the steel dome ... ext . empire state build / manhattan - dawn ngle on : kong roar in pain as the bullet hit ... as the plane fly past he snatch at they ... close on : a gunner ... angle on : kong recoil in pain as each bullet hit ... he roar in pain . angle on : kong leap into the AIR smash at the last plane ... the giant ape fall through the AIR ... the crippled plane spin out of control ... plummete towards the street ! he plane continue they attack as kong try each time to swat at they . int . empire state build - dawn angle on : jack race into a lift and hurriedly punch the button ... nothing happen ... ld security guard hey , hey , nobody past this point . you can not go in there . jack push past the old security guard ! angle on : jack race round a corner ... race into the service elevator ... the door slowly close . ext . empire state build / manhattan - pre dawn the continue assault ... Pov : through the gunner sight as bullet attack kong . angle on : ann continue to climb the ladder , she be near the top . 123. suddenly a plane fly straight at kong . he leap out the way and fall ... kong smashes into the side of the build ... one hand still grasp onto the upper level ... the top of ann' ladder give way ... high angle on : ann dangle precariously in mid-air as she desperately try to hold on to the steel rung ... she finger slip ... ann fall ! kong stretch out and catch ann in he huge paw ... behind he the plane be circle prepare to dive once again ... kong reach through the broken window and put ann in the glass - in upper - observation deck ... ann tumble to the ground . before she can stand another burst of gunfire rake the build ! window shatter ! glass fly all around ann . bullet slam into the back of kong ! kong circle the building try to get away from the plane but it continue to follow he . ngle on : kong leaping back on to the top of the empire state build ... he grab the plane' wing , spin it around and around ... ngle on : the plane crashing in to one of the other plane ... both plane plummet to the ground . int . observation deck , empire state build - dawn ngle on : ann stagger to she feet and race outside to the balcony , desperately look for kong . kong look fearful ... he be weakening from he bullet wound . angle on : ann climb the SMALL stairway which lead to the steel dome ... E ext . upper -level , empire state build - dawn kong , clearly weaken , look out across the city to the approach plane . the plane be circle in the distance , prepare for a attack run . int . elevator , empire state build close on : jack watch the lift floor indicator as it slowly rise . 124 . ext . upper -level , empire state build - dawn angle on : a lone plane as it near it 's target . close on : the pilot face ... close on : kong muster all he remain strength and in one last challenge , rise up roaring at the approaching plane ... ann race between kong legs to the edge of the build ... she frantically wave at the plane , scream as loud as she can ! ann no ! no ! close on : the pilot ... see ann , he decide not to fire . angle on : kong , now barely cling to the top of the building , gently pick up ann and stare at her one last time . he place she gently down on the ground ... ide on : the plane as they fly at kong . gunfire smashes into kong . ann look up ... kong grasp the side of the build ... she crawl over to he , clutches he finger , hugging they , try to comfort he . tear stream down her face ... kong slowly lift she in he hand ... he look beyond she ... all SOUND fade away ... except for a gentle breeze ... the fear leave kong ... he look at ann with tenderness and love . lose on : kong ... as the light in he eye slowly fade and go out . kong topple back ... disappear from sight . wide on : kong plummete away ... towards the ground far below . angle on : ann as she move towards the edge of the empire state build ... she stare down at the street below ... overcome by a sense of utter despair ... close on : ann ... for a brief moment she want to do nothing more than follow kong ... angle on : jack as he climb on to the roof ... he look at ann . slowly ann turn and face he ... she grief still trap inside she ... jack can see in she eye how close he be to lose she . ann stare at he a beat ... tear begin to spill from she eye . slowly she rise to she foot and walk hesitantly towards Jack . ack gently embrace she . she wrap she arm around he . 125 . wide shot : jack and ann hold each other as dawn light wash over they . ext . fifth avenue - morning crowd be gather to stare at kong body . a swarm of journalist converge on kong ... light - bulb flash ... angle on : two photographer climb onto kong chest ... cameras aimed right at kong face ... they jostle for position . a policeman drag they off ... policeman come on , boy , move on ! show 's over ! stay back ! behind the line ! as the national guard begin hold the crowd of onlooker back . soldier pose for photo . close on : photographer 1 stare up the long length of the empire state build ... the distance that kong have plummete . photographer 1 why would he do that ? climb up there and get himself cornere ? the ape musta know what be comin ' . photographer 2 it 's just a dumb animal - it do not know nuthin ' ! angle on : denham push through the crowd . he stare at kong , dread , realization dawn on he face . photographer 2 ( cont would ) what do it matter ? the airplane get he . push in ... on denham stare at kong , a ashen expression on he face . denham it be not the airplane ... the photographer stare at denham ... expectant . denham ( cont would ) ... it be beauty kill the beast . angle on : denham turn and slowly walk away from camera . fade to black the end