Kong ( 1933 ) - screenplay k o N G change 09/01/1932 - 09/06/1932 fade in on a composite glass shot over the hoboken dock - New York skyline dimly see in background . snow . sound of tugboat whistle . dissolve to - ship 's side gangway slope up out of picture . Weston , a theatrical agent , come along wharf , peer at ship . he be fifty , heavy , slow , but with a shrewd eye . he turn up he collar and shiver , stop and look at ship doubtfully . a old watchman come along wharf from opposite side , swinging a lantern . a old watchman come along wharf from opposite side , swinging a lantern . weston hey , be this the move picture ship ? watchman the venture ? yep . ( Weston start for gangway ) you go on this crazy voyage ? weston ( pause ) what 's crazy about it ? watchman I dunno know , but I hear everybody talkin ' about this crazy feller that 's run it . weston Carl denham ? watchman guess that 's the name . they say he be not scare of nothin ' - if he want a picture of a lion he walk right up and tell it to look pleasant . weston he 's a tough egg , all right . but why the talk about this voyage be crazy ? watchman Wal , there 's talk around the dock about the cargo for one thing . and I never see a ship this size with such a crew . weston not enough man to handle she ? watchman not enough ! the crew 's three time too big for the ship . I dunno know where they find enough room to sleep . driscoll ( from above deck ) hey , there ! what do you want ? weston denham aboard ? driscoll ( come down gangway into picture ) yes . who be you ? weston I want to see he . I be Weston , the agent . driscoll come aboard . denham 's get wild . hope you have some good news for he . int . cabin - night denham and englehorn talk . englehorn well , Mr. denham , you know the reason for hurry as well as I do . the insurance company have find out we be carry explosive , and the marshal will be aboard tomorrow or next day . denham I suppose if we make a legal case of it , we will be tie up for month . englehorn with ship 's article falsify and ammunition enough aboard to blow up the harbor ? ( he take a bomb from case on floor ) and what do you think the Marshall will say to this new gas-bomb ? accord to you one of they be powerful enough to knock out a elephant . denham ( pace up and down ) we have get to get to where we be go before the monsoon start . englehorn you can trust I to get you through a blow , I hope . denham do not get sore , skipper . but you know what it mean to hit the tropical rainy season when we be make a outdoor picture . month waste , money go , and nothing to show for it . englehorn but still you always bring back a picture and everyone say , " there be only one Carl denham . " driscoll and Weston come in . denham Weston ! I be just go ashore to ring you up . weston if I would know that , I would have wait . denham meet the skipper . ( to englehorn ) this be Weston , the theatrical agent . ( they shake hand ) and this be driscoll , the first mate . well , where 's the girl , Weston ? weston it can not be do , denham . denham what ? it 's get to do . ( Weston shake he head in silence ) look here , Weston . the actor 's equity and the hay outfit have interfered with every girl I have try to hire ; now every agent in town have shut down on I . all but you . you know I be square - weston everybody know you be square , denham but you have get a reputation for recklessness that can not be gloss over . and then you be so secretive . driscoll I will say so . englehorn when even the skipper and the mate do not know where they be go -- ( he shrug ) weston there you be . I have get a conscience , denham . I can not send a young , pretty girl , such as you want , on a job like this without tell she what to expect . denham and what be she to expect ? weston to go off for no one know how long , to some place you will not even hint at , the only woman on a ship with the toughest mug I ever look at . ( they all laugh ) I mean the crew . denham good Lord , you would think I never bring anybody back alive ! the skipper and driscoll have stick by I on two trip . they seem healthy . driscoll sure we be healthy . englehorn but it 's different take a girl into danger . denham oh , I suppose there 's no danger in New York ? why , there be dozen of girl in this town tonight in more danger than they would ever see with I . driscoll ( drily ) sure . but they know that kind of danger . weston you never have a woman in you other picture , why do you want one in this ? denham ( explode ) Holy mackerel D 'ye think I want to haul a woman along ? weston then why - ? denham because the public - bless them - must have a pretty face to look at . weston everybody like romance . denham be not there any romance or adventure in the world without a flapper in it ? englehorn well , Mr. denham , why not make a picture in a monastery ? ( they all laugh ) denham it make I sore . I go out and sweat blood to make a swell picture , and then the exhibitor and critic all say , " if this picture have a love interest , it would gross twice as much . " all right , the public want a girl , and this time I will give them what they want . weston ( rise ) I do not know where you will get she . denham Weston , I have get to . we have get to sail on the morning tide - we have get to be out of here by daylight - weston why ? denham well - there 's a good reason . weston everything I hear make I like this thing less . I be glad I do not get you a girl . denham you be , eh ? well , I will show you . if you think I be go to give up just because you can not find a girl with a backbone -- ( he be struggle into he overcoat ) -- I be go to make the great picture in the world , something that 's never be see or dream of . they will have to invent some new adjective when I come back . ( he be at the door ) englehorn where be you go ? denham I be go to bring back a girl for my picture -- if I have to marry one ! dissolve to Long shot - Broadway at night - stock CUT to denham walk along , scan face as he walk . dissolves of face of woman , Broadway type , bold , indifferent , heavy , ugly - most of they heavily paint . rapidly pass , as though the camera be denham look they over . CUT to denham . he shake he head disgustedly , stop , wheel around and start in another direction , as though he 's give up that part of town , and think of another possibility . dissolve to exterior of a woman 's Mission . a bread-line wait . camera move slowly down the line of face as think denham be look they over . CUT to denham . he shrug he shoulder in despair , turn away . dissolve to exterior of one of that small wooden stands you see in the West Forties , a fruit-tobacco and candy shop just big enough for the proprietor and one customer to get into , a stand of fruit and peanut- roaster on sidewalk . denham come along , take out cigarette case , it 's empty , he go in to buy some . we see through window that he be take cigarettes and pay the Greek proprietor . Ann darrow come slowly into picture ; she hesitates , she hand go stealthily toward a piece of fruit . she be finger it when the Greek dash out and seize she . she try to pull she arm away . denham come out of shop . greek ( very excited ) ah-ha ! I catch you , you stealer ! I catch the cop - you like that , ha ! ann ( she keep she head bent , struggle weakly to pull away ) no - no , I do not . please let I go . I want to , but I do not . greek I have enough dese stealer -- denham oh , dry up . the kid do not take anything . ann I do not , truly I do not . denham so , shut up , socrate . here 's a dollar . forget it . the Greek take the money and release Ann who stumble back against denham . he catch she round the shoulder and she half - collapse . her head fall back on he arm . he have he first sight of she face . close up Ann , she eye open as she look up at denham , terrify . medium shot - denham , hold Ann . he look at she . suddenly he face light up , he snap he finger triumphantly . denham ( look up the street ) hi! taxi! dissolve to a one - armed lunch room . tile wall , two chair . Ann have emptied plate and coffee mug on arm of she chair . denham in other chair watch she . she sigh happily over have satisfied she hunger , and lean back . denham feeling better ? ann yes , thank you . you be very kind . denham do not fool yourself . I be not bother with you just out of kindness . ( Ann open she eye wide , half - puzzle , half afraid ) how come you be in this fix ? ann bad luck I guess . there be lot of girl just like I . denham there be not such a lot who have get you look . ann ( laugh it off ) oh , I can get by in good clothes . but when a girl get too shabby -- denham no family ? ann I be suppose to have a uncle somewhere . denham ever do any act ? ann I use to do some extra job over at Fort Lee sometimes . once I get a real part . the studio be shut down now . denham what 's you name ? ann Ann darrow . denham be you one of this city gal who scream at a mouse and faint at a snake ? ann ( laugh ) no , of course not . I be a country gal - or use to be . denham listen , sister . I have get a job for you . the costume I have get on board will fit you . ( look at he watch ) the Broadway shop will still be open . I will get you some clothes for yourself . come on . ann but - but what be it ? denham ( excited ) it 's money , and adventure , and fame . it 's the thrill of a lifetime . and a long sea-voyage that start at six tomorrow morning . ann no ! wait , I can not - I do not understand - you must tell I - I do want the job so - I be starve - but I can not - denham have be look at she , puzzle because she have not catch he frantic excitement . he suddenly see what be troubling she . he calm down and go back and sit . denham oh , I see . you get I wrong . nix , sister , nix . this be strictly business . I be no chaser . ann ( meekly ) I only want to - denham sure . sure you do . I dot excited and forget you do not understand it . listen , I be Carl denham . ever hear of I ? ann ye -es . yes . you make move picture . in jungle and place . denham that 's right . and I have pick you for the lead in my next picture . we sail at six . ann where to ? denham a long way from here . think , Ann , a long voyage , easy live , the warm blue sea , moonlight on the water - be not that better than tramping New York try to keep out of the gutter . ann ( almost whisper ) oh , yes . denham I be square , Ann . and I will be square with you . no funny business . ann what do I have to go ? denham ( lean over she chair and look straight at she ) trust I . and keep you chin up . Ann look at he for a moment , then he hold out he hand . she take it and they shake . fade out . fade in - deck of ship at dawn , get under way . Crew busy casting off line , move stuff on deck . a tug be puffing alongside . driscoll on of 'c 'sle head direct . medium shot - Ann in same dress , but wear a heavy loose coat denham have buy she . she climb to of 'c ' sle head , watch this strange new world . driscoll back into scene without see she . he be shouting at a sailor . driscoll carry that line aft ! aft , you farmer ! back there ! he swing he arm round behind he in a violent full - armed gesture and hit Ann in the face . she stagger back against the rail and nearly fall . driscoll ( turn ) who the -- what be you go up here ? ann ( meekly , hand to she face ) I just want to see ! driscoll ( gruffly ) well , I be sorry . you be the girl denham find at the last minute , be not you ? ann yes . I be - I be awfully excited . it 's all so strange , and I have never be on a ship before . driscoll and I have never be on a ship with a woman before . ann I guess you do not think much of woman on ship , do you ? driscoll no . they be a cock -ey nuisance . ann I will try not to be . driscoll you get in the way already . better stay below . ann what ! the whole voyage ! ( she smile at he ) driscoll ( hesitates , then say in a soften tone -) say , I do not apologize very good for hit you . that be a awful sock in the jaw . driscoll stare at she doubtfully , she look up and meet he gaze . they eye hold for a moment , then two short toot from a tug alongside , answer by one blast from the ship . driscoll well , we be off . ann ( clasp she hand and peer into the mist ) we be off . dissolve to - Long shot - miniature ship at sea - day dissolve to - the deck of the ship at sea . a calm tropical afternoon . Ann and charley , the chinese cook , at rail . charley with enormous tub of potato , peel they . Ann make a intricate knot with a bit of rope 's end , fool with it as she talk . ann charley , how many potato do you suppose you have peel since we leave New York six week ago ? charley too many . ann sailor eat a awful lot , do not they ? charley all time eat . no can fill up . some day my go back to China , never see no more potato . Ann finish the knot and tug at it . ann there . that 's fourteen knot I have learn to tie . charley pretty soon now you be same sailor . only do not eat so much . ann ( laugh , then look around with a content sigh ) I would like to be a sailor . be not the sea wonderful ! charley ( drily ) oh yes , very pretty . ann of course it be not so nice up north when it be cold and rough . charley Ocean very fine when you order weather how you like all same like egg for breakfast . driscoll stroll in . charley get up and move away . driscoll hello , ann. ann hello , Jack . driscoll where have you be all morning ? ann try on costume for Mr. denham . he 's go to make some test of I this afternoon , here on deck , when the light 's right . driscoll test ? why ? ann oh - to see which side of my face look best - and all that . driscoll ( very gruff ) both side look all right to I . ann ( laugh ) yes , but you be not the movie director . driscoll if I be , you would not be here . ann well , that 's a nice thing to say . driscoll it 's no place for a girl . ann ( indignantly ) I wish you would not keep harping on that . it 's very mean of you . anybody would think I would be a lot of trouble . driscoll grunt . ann ( very cross ) I have not ! you can not say I have be one bit of trouble to anyone . driscoll be silent . ann ( look at he , wait , then anxiously ) have I ? driscoll sure you have . ann I do not see - well , how ? driscoll just you be here 's a trouble . ann ( mournfully ) oh dead . I think everything be go to nicely . driscoll look at she downcast expression , wiggle uncomfortably and at last blurt a attempt at consolation . driscoll aw , you be swell . woman can not help be a bother . I guess they be make that way . oddly enough , this do not cheer she up very much . but she draw a long breath and smile . ann well , anyhow , I have have the happiest time of my life on this old ship . driscoll be a little touch by this . he give she a quick look and say awkwardly - driscoll why - that 's fine . a little pause . driscoll think it over . driscoll D 'ye really mean that , Ann ? ann of course . everyone 's so nice to I - Mr. denham and the skipper - do not you think the skipper be a sweet old lamb ? driscoll ( grin ) I would hate to have he hear I say so . Ann laugh and pick up ignatz , the monkey , who cuddle down in she lap contentedly . ann ignatz be nice to I too . he like I better than he do anyone else on board , do not you iggy ? denham approach they . denham beauty and the Beast . driscoll well , I never think I be handsome , but - ( they all laugh ) denham go put on a costume , Ann . Light 's good for that test now . ann I will not be a minute , Mr. denham . she put down ignatz and go . denham scratch ignatz ' head , watch he for moment . denham ( half aloud ) beauty and the Beast . driscoll Mr. denham , I have go to do some but - in . denham what 's you trouble , driscoll ? driscoll when do we find out where we be go ? denham ( smile ) pretty soon now . driscoll be you go to tell we what happen when we get there ? denham how can I ? I be no fortune - teller . driscoll but hang it , you must have some idea what you be after . denham go soft on I , Jack ? driscoll you know I be not for myself . but Ann -- denham oh you have go soft on she ? I have get enough on my hand without a love affair to complicate thing . better cut it out , Jack driscoll ( sullenly ) Love affair ! you think I be go to fall for any dam ? denham ( muse ) it never fail . some big hard boil egg go goofy over a pretty face , and bingo ! he crack up and get sappy . driscoll ( angry ) who 's get sappy ? I have not run out on you , have I ? denham nope . you be a good tough guy , Jack . but if beauty get you -- ( he stop , then laugh a little ) why , I be go right into a theme song ! driscoll ( sulky ) what be you talk about ? denham it 's the idea for my picture . the Beast be a tough guy , Jack . he could lick the world . but when he see beauty , she get he . he go soft , he forget he wisdom , and the little feller lick he . think it over , Jack . sailor ( come up ) Mr. denham , the skipper say will you please come up on the bridge ? we have reach the position you mark , he say . denham come on , Jack . you be in on this . I be go to spill it . dissolve to bridge . englehorn lean over chart ; denham and driscoll across table . englehorn ( point with divider ) here 's you noon position . 2 South , 90 East ; you promise I some information when we reach this latitudes . denham ( look at chart ) ' Way west of Sumatra . englehorn and way out of any water I know . I know the East indie like my own hand , but I be never here . driscoll ( eagerly ) where do we go from here ? denham South - West . englehorn South - West ! but there be nothing - nothing for thousand of mile . what about food ? so many in the crew make the food melt away . and water ? and coal ? denham take it easy , skipper . we be not go thousand of mile . ( he take a wallet from he breast pocket and very carefully open two piece of paper - spread over on table before englehorn ) that 's the island we be look for . englehorn the position -- ( he lean down , straighten up ) I will get the big chart . denham you will not find that island on any chart . that one there be make up by the skipper of a norwegian barque . driscoll he be kid . denham no. listen . a canoe with native from this island be blow out to sea . when the barque pick they up , there be only one alive . he die before they reach port , but not before the skipper have piece together a description of the island and get a fairly good idea of where it lie . driscoll where do you get hold of it ? denham two year ago , in Singapore , go home from my last trip . I have know that skipper for year . he know I would be interested . englehorn do he believe it himself ? denham I do not know . but I do . see , here 's what the island look like . he unfold second piece of paper . insert crude sketch of island , denham 's hand point to various feature . float denham 's voice . denham ( v.o . ) here 's a long sandy peninsula . the only possible landing place be through this reef . the rest of the shore - line be sheer precipice , hundred of foot high . and across the base of that peninsula , cut it off from the rest of the island , be a wall . CUT to med. shot - denham , driscoll , englehorn . they stare at denham . englehorn a wall ? denham built so long ago that the people who live there now have slip back , forget the high civilization that build it . but it 's as strong today as it be century ago . the native keep that wall in repair . they need it . driscoll why ? denham there 's something on the other side - something they fear . englehorn a hostile tribe . denham ( draw a long breath ) do you ever hear of -- kong ? englehorn ( think ) why -- yes . some malay superstition . a god or a spirit or something . denham anyway , neither beast nor man . monstrous , all - powerful -- still live , still hold that island in the grip of deadly fear . englehorn and driscoll look skeptical . denham every legend have a basis of truth . I tell you there 's something on that island that no white man have ever see . englehorn and you expect to photograph it ? denham if it 's there , you bet I will photograph it . driscoll ( very skeptical ) suppose it do not like have it 's picture take ? denham well , now you know why I bring that case of gas-bomb . driscoll and englehorn stare at denham , then look at each other . englehorn shrug , reach for the homemade chart . dissolve to - exterior forward deck of ship - Day . denham have camera set up . Ann come in , in beauty and Beast costume . denham oh , you pick out the beauty and the Beast costume ! ann it 's the prettiest . denham all right . stand over there . ann I be sort of nervous . suppose I do not photograph well ? denham ( busy with camera ) do not let that worry you . if I have not be sure of that , I would not have bring you half way round the world . ann what shall I do ? denham ( squint through the viewfinder , throw camera over and lock it ) now when I start cranking hold it a minute , then turn slowly toward I . look at I , look surprised , then smile a little , listen and then laugh . all right , camera . she do as he have say . CUT to of 'c'sle head , several member of crew peer out , watch with great interest . charley among they . 1st sailor look kinda silly , do not it ? 2 nd sailor she 's sure a pretty dame . charley you think maybe he like take my picture , huh ? 1st sailor they camera cost money . should not think he would risk it . CUT to denham and Ann denham that be fine . I be go to try a filter on this one . ( he fuss around , change lens , etc . ) ann do you always take the picture yourself ? denham ever since a trip I make to Africa . I would have get a swell picture of a charge rhino , but the cameraman get scared . the damned fool . I be right there with a rifle . seem he do not trust I to get the rhino before it get he . I have not fool with cameramen since . do the trick myself . CUT to the bridge . englehorn and driscoll lean over , watch Ann and denham . driscoll think he 's crazy , skipper ? englehorn just enthusiastic ! driscoll but this yarn about unknown island and monstrous god -- englehorn he pay we well to take he where he want to go . if the island exist , we will find it . CUT to denham and Ann . denham now Ann , stand there . look down . when I start to crank , look up slowly . you be quite calm , do not expect to see anything . follow my direction . all right -- camera . he crank . he get more excited through this scene , try to force she to feel the emotion he want . denham now -- look up . slowly . you see nothing yet . look higher . still higher . that 's it . now you see it . you be amaze . you can not believe it . you eye open wider . it 's horrible , but you can not look away . what be it Ann ? what can you do ? no chance for you , no escape . helpless , Ann , you be helpless . one chance -- if you can scream . you throat 's paralyze . try to scream , Ann . try . if you do not see , perhaps you could scream . throw you arm across you eye , and scream , Ann , scream for you life ! she have follow he direction . CUT to bridge . driscoll and englehorn , watch denham and Ann . Ann 's scream float . driscoll ( grasp englehorn 's arm ) what 's he think she 's really go to see ? dissolve out fade in , bridge in fog , outside wheel - house . denham , Ann , driscoll , englehorn , at rail peer ahead . through this dialogue intercut shot of look - out in bow , man in crow nest , sailor heaving lead , and sailor cluster at bulwark on main deck , watch for island . denham this infernal fog ! sure of you position , skipper ? englehorn ( very nervous , but offended at suggestion ) of course . last night , before the fog shut down , I get a good sight . denham we must be near the island . driscoll if we do not see it when this fog lift we never shall . we have quarter this part . CUT to sailor with lead . he let go , line run through he hand . sailor no bottom at 30 fathom ! CUT to bridge as before . driscoll ( nervous ) of course that norwegian skipper be guess at the position . ann how will we know it 's the right island ? denham ( very tense , answer mechanically ) the mountain that look like a skull . ann yes . I would forget . you tell I that . Skull Mountain . sailor' voice bottom ! 20 fathom ! englehorn shallow fast , driscoll , dead slow . driscoll go to telegraph , sound of bell to engine - room and reply . denham curse the fog ! sailor' voice sixteen fathom ! denham what do she draw , skipper ? englehorn six . no one ever look at person address . all eye ahead , strain through fog . driscoll listen ! hear anything ? denham no . ann no . there be a slight pause . man in crow nest breaker ahead ! englehorn jump for telegraph . sailor' voice ten fathom ! jingle of telegraph , noise of reversing engine . driscoll ( bellow at of 'c 'sle ) let go ! rattle of anchor chain through hawse- pipe , splash of anchor , more jingle of telegraph . after noise die down , driscoll speak : driscoll that 's not breaker . that 's drum . a long distant mutter of drum roll . dissolve to : boat be lower , Bos and give order . CUT to bridge , englehorn with binocular . denham , Ann and driscoll . denham well , skipper , see anybody ? englehorn not a live thing . I think there be more house in the thick bush . denham funny they have not spot we . I think the whole population would be on the beach . englehorn listen . the faint throbbing of drum . denham maybe they have see we and be signal . well , skipper , do you believe I now ? there 's Skull Mountain , the wall - everything just like my funny map . come on , let 's get start . englehorn twelve man go with you . the rest stay aboard . denham who 's in charge of the gas bomb ? englehorn Jimmy . that young feller . ( point down on deck ) denham good . leave the 2nd mate aboard , skipper . I need you , you may be able to talk to this bird ashore . ann I be go ashore with you , be not I ? denham you bet . driscoll she ought not to go till we find out what go on -- denham ( good-naturedly ) say , who 's run this show ? I have learn by experience to keep my cast and my camera right with I . you never can tell when you will want them . driscoll but it 's crazy to risk -- denham oh , go on , Jack . get busy . deal out the rifle and ammunition . and pick I a couple of husky to carry my stuff . driscoll go reluctantly . denham shake he head over he , then ann. denham bring the costume box . we might get a swell shot right away if we be lucky . dissolve to shot of beach , boat approach . Village and wall glass . dissolve to shot from beach , show load boat approach . drum louder , of course . CUT to boat beach , people get out , upload stuff . denham put camera on tripod , one sailor shoulder it , another with magazine case , third with costume box , fourth and fifth with trade - goods in box . Jimmy with case of bomb . denham you feller with the camera stay close to I . where 's Jimmy with the bomb ? jimmy here , sir . denham all right . stick around . and watch you step . there 's enough trichloride in that case to put a herd of hippos to sleep . jimmy aye aye , sir . ann what queer- look boat . driscoll outrigger canoe . englehorn driscoll , have two man stay with the boat . driscoll all attend to , sir . denham ( grin ) now , all set ? ready , skipper ? englehorn ( come up ) ready . they start up the beach . CUT to village . Wall visible over roof . Party enter . drum much louder . englehorn not a soul in sight . denham that wall , skipper ! what d'ye say to that , eh ? englehorn colossal ! it might almost be egyptian . denham but what 's on the other side ? that 's what I want to know . ann ( awe -struck ) who do you suppose could have build it ? driscoll ( try not to be impressed ) aw , I go up to angkor once . that 's bigger than this - and nobody know who build it . denham ( with a feel of something even more important than a picture pend , but try to strike he usual note ) oh , boy ! what a chance ! what a picture ! the chant begin , rise in volume . they all stand freeze . Ann clutches driscoll 's arm . sailor frighten . chant die down to a mutter . denham ( shaking himself ) come on ! they all move forward cautiously . truck with they . denham hear that ! they be say Kong ! Kong ! driscoll hope you will be able to speak they lingo skipper . denham can you catch any word yet ? englehorn I be not sure . it sound something like the language the nias islander speak . ann what do you suppose be happen ? driscoll up to some of they heathen trick . now do not go rush out to see . ann ( meekly , but bubbling with excitement ) all right . but be not it exciting ! driscoll sure . I wish we would leave you on the ship . ann I be so glad you do not . they approach mask house . denham wait . easy row . stay here till I see what go on . they stop in a group behind house . denham look round cautiously . CUT to what he see . the ceremony . denham Holy mackerel ! what a show ! skipper , get a look at this ! englehorn carefully go forward and peep around . denham do you ever see anything like that before ? if I can steal a shot before they see we - he beckon to sailor carry camera . denham hey ! you with the camera ! sailor start forward with it . ann ( to driscoll ) I want to see . englehorn come on and look , but be careful . Ann look around house . denham move beyond and start set up . chant begin to rise . as it reach forte , Chief see they and shout . chief bado ! dama pati vego ! ceremony stop , native turn and stare . denham too late , they see we . jimmy let 's beat it ! he turn to run . driscoll seize and hold he . driscoll hold on there ! what be you run for ? denham no use try to hide now . everybody come out here in plain sight . put up a bold front . driscoll , Ann and sailor come forward in a group a few pace behind denham and englehorn . chief bado ! maka mini tau ansaro . ( wait ! two warrior come with I . ) in silence , the Chief with two warrior close behind he advance through the crowd of native . the woman in the crowd begin to slip away . the group of white watch in tense silence the approach of the Chief . 2 nd sailor say , let 's scram outa this . driscoll stand still , you fool ! Group of sailor be finger they rifle , shifting nervously . denham ( over he shoulder without look away from Chief ) steady , boy . do not get nervous . Ann take hold of driscoll 's arm . he put he hand on hers without look at she . driscoll never let a native see you be worried , boy . bluff them . the chief stop . chief watu ! tama di ? tama di ? ( stop ! who be you ? who be you ? ) denham come on skipper , make he a friendly speech . ( advance ) englehorn ( slowly ) tabe ! bala kum nono hi . bala ! bala ! ( greeting ! we be you friend . Friends ! Friends ! ) chief ( sternly ) bala reri ! tasko ! tasko ! ( we do not want friend , go ! get out ! denham he understand you , skipper ! what 's he say ? englehorn telling we to get out . denham talk he out of it . ask he what go on . englehorn vana di humya ? malem ani humya vana ? ( what be you do ? what be that woman do ? ) ( he point to girl ) chief Ani saba Kong ! ( she be the bride of Kong ! ) the native all murmur " saba Kong ! " englehorn he say the girl there be the bride of Kong . denham great ! find out what they be go to do . the witch Doctor rush forward , very angry . he address Chief . witch doctor dama si kasi ! dama si kasi ! punya bas ! punya ! ( stranger have see ! it be finish . ) chief ( to englehorn ) tasko ! ( go ! ) denham what 's that ? englehorn he must be the witch -doctor . he say the ceremony be spoiled because we have see it . denham what 's the word for friend ? englehorn bala . denham calm the old boy down . he advance with outspread hand , say , " bala ! bala ! " englehorn hesitates for a moment , then step forward too . chief ( bellow ) punya ! the warrior move menacingly forward . englehorn I do not like the look of this , denham . the woman have clear out . that 's a bad sign . the Chief see Ann . chief ( shouting to the native ) sita ! malem ! malem I pakeno ! ( look ! the woman ! the woman of gold ! ) native all look at she and murmur . denham what 's that ? englehorn he say look at the golden woman . denham blond be scarce around here . chief malem mar pakapo ! Kong wa bisa ! kow bisa para Kong ! ( the woman of gold ! Kong 's gift ! a gift for Kong . ) englehorn a gift for Kong , he say . denham good Lord ! chief dama , tebo malem to hi ? ( stranger , sell woman to we ? ) englehorn want to buy she . chief sani sita malem ati - ( point to sacrificial victim ) - kow dia malem mar pakeno . ( I will give six woman like this for you woman of gold . ) englehorn he 's offer to trade we six of he girl for Ann . Ann gasp , try to smile . driscoll you get she into this , denham . englehorn tida , tida ! malem ati rota to hi . ( no , no ! we woman stay with we . ) Chief growl menacingly . Warrior take another step forward . sailor finger they rifle . driscoll I be go to take she back to the ship . englehorn we would better all get out before they think to cut we off from the beach . denham I guess so . but tell he we will come back tomorrow to make friend . englehorn dulu hi tego . bala . dulu . ( tomorrow we come . Friends . tomorrow . ) Chief do not move , glare at they . denham get go , Ann . do not act scared . everything 's all right . smile , ann. talk to Jack . keep you chin up ! Ann , very frighten , but smile gallantly , do as he tell she . she and driscoll retreat slowly , pretend unconcern . the sailor fall back one by one , englehorn and denham last . denham cock he hat over one eye and begin to whistle carelessly , one hand on he revolver . as they reach the corner of mask house . dissolve to deck in moonlight - Ann and charley on hatch . ann -- and a enormous wall , charley , all the way across that piece of land where we go ashore . charley what fashion that girl do -- that girl with flower on she ? ann the poor thing , she look -- as though she be too frighten to feel frighten . you know ? charley ( nodd wisely ) sacrifice . ann the Chief say she be the bride of Kong . charley , what do you suppose Kong be ? charley my guess he very big joss this place . people here plenty scared . you do not worry . no can help . ignatz gallop past . ann oh , there 's ignatz ! he 's break loose again . charley grab at he and miss . ignatz go down the deck . ann catch he , charley . he will get in the cabin and break thing . charley my catch he . bad devil , come here . he go off in pursuit . Ann watch , laugh . CUT to sailor on watch in bow . he look round , yawn , sit down and make himself comfortable . CUT to Ann on hatch . driscoll enter . driscoll why be not you in bed ? ann I can not sleep . that drum make I nervous , I guess . driscoll I think denham 's off he nut , take you ashore today . ann I be -- sort of scared there for a while . driscoll huh ! you be not the only one . ann I wonder what we do next ? driscoll that 's what 's worry I . denham 's such a fool for risk . no tell what he will ask you to do . ann after what he do for I , I will do anything he want . driscoll do not talk like that . when it come to get a picture , he 's crazy enough to try anything . ann I will not go back on he . driscoll when I think what might have happen today -- if anything happen to you . ann ( laugh ) why then you would not be bother with a woman on board . driscoll ( very staccato ) do not laugh . I be scared for you . I be sort of - I be scared of you , too . Ann , I -- I guess I love you . they look at each other , both startle by this conclusion . ann Jack ! you hate woman ! driscoll ( still surprised over he discovery ) you be not -- woman . I love you . Ann , I do not suppose -- you do not feel like that about I -- do you ? Ann look at he soberly for a moment , then take a step nearer . just as he arm go around she , a hail from the bridge . englehorn voice Mr. driscoll ! be you on deck ? driscoll ( lift he head long enough to reply ) yes , sir . ( then bend over Ann again ) englehorn voice please come up here a minute . driscoll ( same business ) yes , sir . ann I will wait here for you . driscoll kiss she once more and go reluctantly . Ann lean back against the bulwark with a happy smile , look after he . the witch Doctor rise noiselessly behind she , and without a sound she be seize and lift over the rail . the bridge . night . englehorn , denham , driscoll - talk over chart table . denham now tomorrow morning , pick out the man to go ashore . couple of that nervous boy you better leave aboard . englehorn Mr. denham want you to break out the trade goods the first thing tomorrow . denham we will try a little bribery . driscoll still hope to make friend with that bunch ashore ? denham sure . we have get to . I have get to find out what Kong be . englehorn ( impatiently ) he 's they tribal legend , they god , of course . driscoll you plan to make movie of a fairy story ? denham how do you know Kong 's only a legend or a fairy story ? that wall be not build for fun . driscoll but you say yourself it be build so long ago the people who live here now do not know anything about it . denham yes , but they have keep it in damn good repair . do you see how that gate be fastened ? they be mean to keep something out . englehorn and driscoll exchange skeptical look . noise of drum increase suddenly . englehorn ( look at watch ) after ten . and they be still at be ashore . denham if I could only take picture by firelight ! I would sneak back there now and get a scene . englehorn ( exasperate ) be sensible . we be lucky to be all safe aboard tonight . denham oh sure , sure . he look to driscoll , who have cross over and be peer down onto the deck . denham what be be , Jack ? driscoll oh -- er -- I be look for Ann . she 's go below , I guess . denham how about turn in , skipper ? englehorn no , not for I tonight . denham but you have set a watch in the bow . englehorn shake he head stubbornly . driscoll start to go . denham oh well , I will sit up with you then . englehorn Mr. driscoll , I wish you would take a star sight . see how we position check up with what I get last night before we run into the fog . driscoll get out the instrument . driscoll ( reluctantly ) yes sir . I guess it 's be a long time since the map-maker get a brand new island to put down . dissolve to charley , on afterdeck , tie ignatz and scolding he in chinese . ignatz chatter and scolding right back at he . shot of bow watch , have a peaceful nap . dissolve to Bridge , interior - englehorn and driscoll bend over chart , make calculation . denham half asleep in a chair . englehorn that 's about it . ( mark chart ) we will make absolutely sure tomorrow noon . denham yawn , stretch , look at watch , cross and look toward shore . denham about midnight . hey , look at that . englehorn ( cross and look ) torch go through the village . driscoll exit . denham look like the night before election . noise of drum increase suddenly . denham listen to them , will you ? wonder what 's up . CUT to main deck . driscoll speak to charley . charley my do not know , sir . my not see missy one , two hour . driscoll guess , she 's in she cabin . he go off . charley take a long round deck , see something near rail . go over , pick it up . a native bracelet of woven straw . he examine it for a moment , suddenly realize what it mean , jump and shout . charley on deck ! on deck ! he stamp frantically on deck , turn and run for the bridge . man on watch in bow run to rail of of 'c 'sle head and shout . sailor in bow all hand on deck ! CUT to bridge . charley run into englehorn and denham . charley look sir ! my find on deck . englehorn a native bracelet ! charley crazy black man that place come this place ! driscoll arrive on the run . driscoll who 's turn out the crew ? what 's the matter ? englehorn charley find this . some one 's be aboard . search the ship . charley exit . driscoll oh my God ! where 's Ann ? denham in she cabin - driscoll no , she be not ! I just look . he rush out . confused sound of sailor ' voice from deck below . englehorn lean from wheel - house window , shout down . englehorn Bos and ! bos ' n's voice ( from below ) yes sir . englehorn man the boat . serve out the rifle . search the ship . bos ' n's voice yes sir . Bos and 's whistle be hear , creak and thump of davit . englehorn take he revolver from chart - table drawer , examine it , put it in he pocket . denham the boat , skipper ? D 'ye think -- ? englehorn ( significantly ) they may have steal something . they look at each other for a moment , as they start out . dissolve to wall and great Gate . the gate be be open by native . procession pass through , take Ann to the altar . people crowd to top of wall . CUT to exterior of wall , projection of altar on leave . Ann be tie to altar . people crowd to top of wall . CUT to exterior of wall , projection of altar on leave . Ann be tie to altar . people crowd top of wall with torch . two man begin beat big go , that on wall yell and beat drum . CUT to great Gate , native close and brace it . top of wall . Chief invoke Kong : chief kara ta no , Kong . o taro vey , rama Kong . ( we call thee , Kong . o mighty one , great Kong . ) wa saba ani mako , o taro vey , rama Kong . ( the bride be here , o mighty one , great Kong . ) CUT to altar and jungle open set , split shot . noise suddenly stop . kong step from jungle open , look at people on wall , beat he chest . see Ann , start toward she . CUT to exterior of wall , projection of altar on leave . Kong walk way from camera till he block altar from view . people on wall watch in silence . CUT to close altar set , Ann and altar against projection background , cut to double projection when Kong pass foreground . Kong in close up stand behind girl , look at she . he look up at wall and beat he chest . he walk round altar , then start to unfasten she . CUT to straight shot of people on wall , break out in wild demonstration as Kong take Ann . CUT to village street , Council House set , ship 's party racing through and into court . CUT to exterior wall set , Kong turn from altar with Ann in he hand and walk toward camera . crowd on wall in uproar go , drum , yell , wave torch . CUT to driscoll and party reach Gate , he hear Ann scream , look through window . CUT to what he see . Edge of jungle set , miniature . kong walk away from camera and into jungle , turn to look back , so Ann be see in he hand . CUT to great Gate . driscoll wildly gesture to sailor to open it . noise continue . sailor struggle with pole . they get it down and start tug at gate . driscoll he 's get Ann ! who 's come with I ? 1st sailor I will go . 2 nd sailor sure . I too . 3rd sailor I be go , sir . driscoll all right . here you - and you - ( select sailor ) denham what do you see ? driscoll ( brush he aside ) skipper , you stay here with half the man and guard this gate . do not let them close it . denham who 's get the bomb ? Jimmy come forward . driscoll come on , you feller . driscoll , denham and eleven sailor start through gate . denham ( shout back ) keep the gate open for we , skipper . lap dissolve ext . jungle - full or mo . shot pan to follow the man , head by driscoll and denham as they plunge through the jungle ; leave to right . ( note : this along top of ledge- crevasse set , not show edge . ) ext . jungle - full shot - dawn crane to follow as they come up the ledge . a twitter of bird and insect ' noise . ad lib as they come : " watch that log " -- " shove right on through . " Men go leave to right . denham ( stop , wipe he forehead ) no tell where he 's go in this darkness . driscoll he come by here . look at that break branch . denham that 's right . he 's up ahead somewhere . driscoll ( look about ) the sun ought to be rise about now . denham listen to that bird . ( bird noise ) it 's dawn all right . driscoll look here . he point to one of Kong 's great footprint ; just visible as a first shaft of dawn light strike down between the tree . crane to close . all move forward - truck to follow to look at Kong 's footprint . probably no close up necessary . ad lib murmur together , " get that " - " it 's track " - " look here , jo . " denham look at the size of that . he must be as big as a house . he 's come this way , all right . driscoll and he 's head that way . come on . truck to longer shot as he lead they forward . all hasten on after Kong . denham ( to sailor ) keep that gun cocked . sailor in black sweater he 's tell we ! as they exit , camera leave - dissolve out . ext . glade - full shot - dawn as the man come from the edge of the jungle , last fringe of shrubbery mask foreground , to look out upon a open glade . they pause , as they see break shrubbery . it be now full dawn . use " most dangerous game " ledge set , man come towards camera . driscoll that 's right . we be on he trail . he lead they forward out into - ext . glade - full shot - dawn the open glade . Kong 's footstep be visible in soft earth again . driscoll ( see footprint , point , shout back without stop ) there ! all hurry forward in a dog trot . a couple of sailor , run , pass driscoll , then stop , run back into the arm of the other . sailor look out ! look out ! they point and all stop as they see -- a immense spike - tail beast come through the jungle parallel with they , partially mask by tree . Men in foreground here . ( Williams process ) denham great Scott , that 's something I do not know about . driscoll I get a idea there 's plenty on this island you be not figure on . the beast crash out into the open . denham gimme one of that bomb . one angle only he snatch a bomb from the sailor who be carry they . ext . glade - dawn the beast charge . the man run . only driscoll and denham stand they ground . driscoll fire several time without effect . this should be a very wide glade to get the full effect of a long charge . ext . glade - full shot - dawn the first angle at edge of glade , with denham and driscoll in the foreground , other man run back . driscoll ( gun empty ) it will not stop he . denham throw he bomb . ext . glade - full shot - dawn second angle again . the bomb strike the beast , explode . out of the smoke , the two -horn beast stagger towards the two man . they throw themselves to either side . ext . glade - full shot - dawn first angle . driscoll and denham throw themselves flat on the ground as -- ext . glade - full shot - dawn in the first angle , the beast collapse just short of the man . ext . glade - dawn its head be just short of driscoll . it go limp . ext . glade - full shot - dawn the sailor , huddle behind the shrubbery at the edge of the wood ( as in the first shot of this sequence ) stare at -- ext . glade - full shot - dawn the beast , unconscious on the ground . in the foreground , denham and driscoll pick themselves up . ext . glade - full shot - dawn first angle - the sailor run forward to -- ext . glade - full shot - dawn join driscoll and denham . they start forward towards the beast . it be in the background . ( projection ) denham wait a minute . he 's only knock out . he take a gun from one of the man and go forward to the great beast 's head . he shoot it through the ear . it 's start convulse , then grow rigid . denham ( after a look , speak to driscoll ) I tell you that gas bomb would bring down anything . we will get that ape alive . driscoll we be not try to catch the ape - we be try to save that girl . come on - we be lose time . he lead they off towards -- lap dissolve - ext . stream - full shot - day dissolve in on the exterior of a bank , lead , in the background down into a hollow fill with fog . the man come in from camera leave and look down . ( fog hollow set from " most dangerous game " ) denham ( follow track with eye ) there 's he foot again -- ( follow director ) -- he 's down in that hollow where the fog be , some place . driscoll ( look ) there 's water down there . here . they listen . sound of splash . denham that 's he , splash through . come on . they run down into fog . ( curtain effect ) ext . stream - full shot - day the man run down the muddy bank through heavy fog towards the water , leave to right . ( fog hollow set ) ext . stream - full shot - day the water 's edge , as the man run down through heavy fog leave to right . a couple of fall tree , float down with the current , lie half submerge by the bank . Kong 's footprint be in the mud , Kong splash out of stream on other side can be hear as man come up . ( fog hollow set ) driscoll ( look at footprint , then across stream ) he must have swum across . denham that 's out for we . we can not swim with gun and bomb . driscoll ( look about , see log , get a idea ) how about this -- ( indicate log ) -- for a raft ? denham yeah , that 's it . a raft . driscoll all right , boy , get busy . 1st sailor get some vine , Tim . Tim , the sailor to be use in tree , run for vine . other sailor run to log . 2 nd sailor ( at log ) pull them clear now . lap dissolve - ext . stream - full shot - day dissolve in on the raft , now complete . they have bound the log together with liana vine . heavy fog . the arm and bomb be load on the raft . so be they man . they last of they be just get on . denham do not get the arm wet , boy . sailor a ( guard they ) I be watch them . sailor B ( help another on ) easy now . driscoll ( shout , look around ) all set ? all set , everybody ? sailor all set . let 'er go . together o.k. driscoll shove off . a couple of sailor ; still on shore , push the raft out until they be waist deep , then jump aboard . other use pole to push it towards the opposite bank . ad lib , " push -- put you back in it , etc . " ext . stream - general view - day the raft move across the stream through heavy fog . ( miniature raft and miniature man . ) ext . stream - full or mo . shot - day this shot move through fog with man as they pole raft . denham easy now -- keep she against the current . driscoll keep you weight in the center , boy -- weight in the center . 1st sailor ( stop pole to stare ) Holy mackerel -- look at that . all look . ext . stream - long shot - day a huge scaly head rear up from the water to look down on the raft , drift , horrible . it be the head of a dinosaur . in this the raft can also be see . ( miniature raft , miniature beast . ) heavy fog . the man shriek in wild commotion . ext . stream - full or mo . shot - day the angle which move with the raft as the man , yell wildly , attempt to pole the raft towards the shore . one or two man be push off in the panic . everyone shove the wrong way . heavy fog here . ext . stream - long shot - day the dinosaur dive and start for the raft in a series of undulate , sea-serpent dive . Wild panic and shriek on the raft . heavy fog . ( miniature raft , man and beast . ) ext . stream - full or mo . shot - day the angle which move with the raft . it have come to a standstill now as the man shove in the wrong direction , shouting at each other . some be try vainly to reach the arm . the head of the dinosaur rear up from the water behind the boat , upsetting ; as he come up under it , the raft with its occupant . they fall , scream , into the stream . fog. ( miniature projection ) ext . stream - mo . shot - day Three sailor as they land in the water and come up scream . a flash . fog. tank . ext . stream - semi close up - day a sailor drown . flash . fog. tank . ext . stream - mo . shot - day the sailor with the bomb start to sink . he loosen the bomb and let they go to the bottom . fog. tank . ext . stream - long shot - day the dinosaur thrashing among the man and the break raft . some swim for the shore . ( miniature raft , man and beast as before ) heavy fog. ext . stream - full shot - day the man run out of the water on the far bank . the beast can be hear behind they . they run up , leave to right . heavy fog . ( fog hollow set , use bullrush ) ext . stream - full shot - day the man run up another section of bank . either away from camera or leave to right . the beast can be hear behind they . fog. ( fog hollow set ) ext . stream - full shot - day another shot of the man run up the bank , away from camera or leave to right , with the beast hear behind they . fog. ( fog hollow set ) ext . stream - general view - day the man run up the bank . one man ( Tim ) be in the rear . he see the dinosaur follow through the fog ( double print miniature ) he run toward the jungle - ( tree not in this shot ) fog. ( fog hollow set ) ext . stream - full shot - day the man run out of the fog at the top of the bank . ( fog hollow set where they be see enter fog , curtain effect ) Left to right movement , slightly head - on . ext . stream - long shot - day the man run leave to right , follow by the beast . Tim , the last man , run towards and into the jungle , with the dinosaur after he . ( miniature man , miniature beast , projection on ) no fog . ( most dangerous game set ) ext . bank - full shot - day the man climb a bank . ( most dangerous game ledge set ) ext . stream - full shot - day Tim run up to the base of a tree , climb it . ( Real man , real tree from most dangerous game set ) ext . stream - bank - full shot - day the man climb higher on the bank . ext . asphalt pit - full shot - day they climb over the top of the bank . shrubbery mask the foreground . in the background be see a asphalt morass , back by jungle . driscoll in the lead here . denham the last man . ( most dangerous game ledge set for the foreground , matte and miniature for background ) . they hear the sound of the dinosaur and the shriek of the sailor they leave behind . all turn . sailor a ( stare ) it 's Tim he 's after . all stare as they see -- ext . tree - long shot - day the dinosaur approach the sailor who have climb to the tree top . he shriek in terror . ( miniature man and tree ) ext . asphalt pit - mo . shot - day the man stare at this , horrify . denham have not anybody get a gun ? each man look at the next fellow , hope he have save a gun . driscoll they be all at the bottom of the lake . denham ( to sailor who carry bomb ) then gimme one of that bomb . bomb carrier I have to let they go to keep from drown . denham you fool . bomb carrier you lose you gun . all stare back at tree as the doom sailor 's shriek for help grow louder . ext . tree - long shot - day the dinosaur come up to the man in the tree . ( miniature man and tree ) ext . tree top - mo . shot - day the man in the tree shriek . the dinosaur 's head come into the shot , about to seize he . ( Real man , real tree from most dangerous game , miniature projection background ) ext . tree - long shot - day the dinosaur seize the man . his cry cease abruptly as the tooth crunch into he . ext . asphalt pit - full or mo . shot - day the man at the top of the bank look sicken . they stare as they see -- ext . tree - long shot - day the dinosaur carry the sailor away into the jungle . ext . ditch - full shot - day they turn away , lead by denham , then stop as they see , over the shrubbery , Kong retreate towards they with the girl , from the jungle background into a mire which lie in the middle distance , mask by foreground shrubbery and back by jungle . ( matte ) this mire be a asphalt pit . in the center be a dry mound to which Kong spring . he be pursue by two huge three horn beast ( tricerotop ) who , try to follow , find themselves mire . driscoll ( to man ) down ! down ! all throw themselves down behind shrubbery . denham if we only have some of that bomb ! ( mo . shot of man crouching behind shrubbery , as he speak this last line ) a terrific fight now ensue between Kong and the three - horn beast . Kong pick up boulder and hurl they down on the beast as they try to reach he through the asphalt mire . he kill two . the third retreat . during this , the man exit cautiously , camera right , and reappear in the background , camera right . ( matte ) the three horn beast see they . he charge they . they run out , camera right , with the three - horn beast follow . ext . jungle a - full shot - day side angle - pan to follow man as they run , leave to right . ext . jungle B - full shot - day the man to run to camera . no beast in this shot . ext . jungle C - full shot - day reverse angle as they run away from camera . a low-hanging branch bar they way . they run under it . the sailor with the stripe trousers be last . he turn to look back at the beast , whose noise behind they can be hear , and strike he head against the branch . he fall , pick himself up . sailor with stripe trouser ( as he pick himself up , hold head , daze ) boy - boy , where be you ? he look up into camera , first daze , then , as he head clear , he see the beast charge . he shriek and run off camera right . ext . creation shot - full shot - day the old shot from creation . the stripe - trousers sailor run through the wood , follow by the three - horn beast . he seek refuge behind a tree . the beast knock over the tree . it fall upon the sailor , pin he down . the beast gore he to death . ext . log - ravine - full shot - day the remain man run towards a deep ravine , across which a huge tree have fall . ravine be background . Kong be crossing this log with the girl , right to leave . Men run in leave to right . they stop at see Kong , then turn back to see -- ext . ravine - log - full shot - day shot look away from ravine , over men' head . Men in foreground . in the background may be see enter a huge two horn beast , ( arsinotherium ) . he be root in the ground . he lift he head , sniff , smell the man . he begin to lumber towards they with gather speed . they run out , leave to right . ext . log - full shot - day the man run in from leave to right , lead by driscoll . he wave they on . in the foreground be a huge tree . in the background be the big fall tree across the ravine . he pass this tree to camera right , and reappear from camera right crossing the log . the man follow , shouting . ext . clearing - full shot - day Kong come into a clear , in the foreground of which be a high dead tree . he hear the shout of the man behind . ext . clearing - medium shot - day he put the girl down in the top of the dead tree , snarl , and turn back to attack the man . ext . clearing - full shot - day he go back to attack the man , leave the girl in the top of the dead tree . ext . jungle pool - full shot - day Kong go back along the pool towards the ravine . ext . log - full shot - day driscoll enter from camera leave , wave the man on . in this shot , the log be see in the background , extend across the ravine . in the foreground be a huge tree . the man follow driscoll about this tree to camera right and reappear on the log , enter from camera leave . they start across it . ext . log - full shot - day the log itself be see , with the man crossing it from camera right and go towards the other side of the ravine , driscoll in the lead . ext . log - full shot - day reverse angle as the man cross in the foreground , where the end of the log lie on the far side of the ravine . the man come off this end of the log onto the bank , in foreground , face camera . in the background , denham can be see . he be the last man and be about to cross when suddenly he see something and shout . ext . log - full shot - day original angle with the man come off log on the far side of the ravine . Kong appear from camera right to menace they . ext . log - full shot - day Kong snarl at they . ext . log - full shot - day reverse angle as denham see this and duck back into the shrubbery out of sight . the man in the foreground also see Kong and run back across the log . driscoll climb over bank in the foreground . ext . log - full shot - day the log itself as the man run back across it , stumbling and fall , only to be stop by -- ext . log - long shot - day -- the two horn beast , who be come up to the log , which be in the foreground , from camera leave background . reverse angle . ext . log - full shot - day the top of the far bank , as the last of the man rush across the log . driscoll climb down over the bank , use a vine for support . ( note . this angle may not be necessary now ) . ext . cave - long shot - day driscoll come down on the vine along the side of the bank and step into a cave in the side of the bank some ten foot below the top . he look to see -- ext . log - full shot - day the man run back on the log , towards the camera , with the ape come up to the log on the far bank , menace they . this the original angle . ext . log - semi close up - day Kong menace they . his face leap up into the camera . ext . log - semi close up - day the sailor in the black sweater , on the log , horrify as he see this . ext . log - long shot - day the log itself , no beast in the shot . the man see the horn beast off screen and retreat only to be stop by Kong off screen . ext . cave - long shot - day driscoll in the cave see this , hold to a vine . he continue to look up , watch -- ext . log - full shot - day the man , in the original angle , as Kong in the background heave up the far end of the log . ext . log - mo . shot - day the man on the log , terrify , as Kong rock it . ext . log - semi close up - day Kong roaring at they . ext . log - full shot - day the man on the log with Kong shaking it , from the original angle . two fall off . ext . ravine bottom - full shot - day the man fall to the bottom of the ravine . it be very deep , with mud and slime at the bottom . cave and fissure in the rock lie at the side of this mud . ext . ravine - mo . shot - day the man land in the mud . ext . log - mo . shot - day the man on the log , as Kong rock it . ext . log - semi close up - day Kong roar at they . ext . log - semi close up - day a sailor stare at Kong and scream in stark terror . ext . log - long shot - day side angle of the log with the man cling to it as Kong shake it . the two horn beast can be see menace they from he bank with he horn . another sailor fall off . ext . ravine bottom - long shot - day the sailor fall into the ravine bottom . ext . ravine bottom - full shot - day he land in the mud . ext . log - full shot - day from the original angle , Kong be see rock the log . ext . log - full shot - day the log with man cling to it . ext . log - semi close up - day Kong roar at they . ext . log - semi close up - day the man , on the log , horrify . ext . log - long shot - day from the original angle , Kong rock the log with man on it . ext . log - semi close up - day the man on the log . one try to hold himself from fall by clutching another 's face . ext . shrubbery - mo . shot - day suggest here a shot of denham watch from he shrubbery , horrify , so as not to lose he . reverse angle . ext . log - long shot - day from side angle , the man be see cling to the log , while the ape rock it and the horn beast menace they from the other side . more man fall . ext . ravine bottom - full shot - day the man fall to the ravine bottom . ext . ravine bottom - mo . shot - day they land in the mud . ext . log - semi close up - day Kong roar at the man and beat chest . ext . log - close up - day one of the sailor on the log shriek in horror . ext . log - semi close up - day Kong 's face rush up into the camera as he reach for a man . ext . log - full shot - day Kong , from the original angle , reach for the man remain on the log , try to seize they with he hand . the man he reach for drop flat , ducking he grasp . ext . log - semi close up - day Kong roar at they . ext . log - full shot - day Kong , from the original angle , rock the log . a man fall off . ext . log - full shot - day the man fall to the ravine bottom . ext . log - mo . shot - day he land in the mud . ext . log - mo . shot - day the man on the log , only one remain - cling as the log be rock by Kong , off -screen . ext . log - full shot - day from the original angle , Kong be see try to shake the last man off the log . ext . log - mo . shot - day the last man hang to the log desperately . ext . log - long shot - day the side angle with the last man hang to the log . Kong lift the log and drop it into the ravine . no horn beast here . ext . ravine bottom - day the log and the man fall to the ravine bottom . ext . ravine bottom - mo . shot - day they land in the mud . ext . log - full shot - day Kong on the bank yammer down at the man who have fall . driscoll can be see in the cave below . ext . ravine bottom - long shot - day the man at the bottom of the ravine be attack by giant insect who come out of cave and fissure to eat they . ext . ravine bottom - close up - day the surprised face of a sailor lie in the mud as he see this . ext . ravine bottom - close up - day face of another sailor stare up in horror from the mud . ext . ravine bottom - close up - day face of a third sailor in the mud , horrify as he see -- ext . ravine bottom - mo . shot - day a insect with octopus arm take a man . ( projection ) ext . ravine bottom - semi close up - day its arm wind around the struggle man . ext . ravine bottom - semi close up - day two man on they back stare up at a spider who attack they . ( projection ) . ext . ravine bottom - close up - day the face of a fourth sailor , fall in mud , stare in horror as he see -- ext . ravine bottom - full shot - day a giant lizard take a man . ext . cave - full shot - day Kong on the bank sense driscoll 's presence in the cave below . pan down to the cave with driscoll . he look up , warily watch for Kong above . continue to pan down revealing a huge spider climb up on a vine from the ravine bottom to the cave . ext . cave - medium shot - day driscoll in he cave notice the vine shake . he look down to see -- ext . ravine - full shot - day the spider come up the vine . ( previous angle ) ext . cave - medium shot - day driscoll whip out he knife and start cut the vine . ext . cave - full shot - day driscoll cut the line just in time to prevent the spider reach he . the giant insect fall to the ravine bottom . pan up to Kong again . he reach in the cave try to get driscoll . ext . cave - medium shot - day driscoll elude the hand , stabbing at it . ext . log - mo . shot - day denham watch from he shrubbery on the far side . reverse angle . ext . log - full shot - day Kong try to reach driscoll who back about the cave , stabbing with he knife . ext . cave - medium shot - day driscoll succeed in stabbing Kong 's hand . ext . log - full shot - day Kong pull back he hand , lick it , snarling angrily . lap dissolve : ext . medium shot - day Ann , on the dead tree top , awaken from she faint . she look about daze . she look down to see -- ext . long shot - day a snake crawl along beside the tree - vertical shot from she angle . ext . medium shot - day Ann gasp in terror . ext . log - full shot - day Kong be still try to reach driscoll in the cave . ext . clearing - full shot - day a giant meat-eater enter the glade . girl on tree - top in foreground . it see she , come toward she . ext . clearing - medium shot - day a man-eater , in the background , come toward Ann on the tree top in the foreground . she shriek . ext . clearing - log - full shot - day Kong , reach for driscoll in the cave , be just about to get he when he hear Ann 's scream . he start back at once towards she . ext . jungle pool - full shot - day Kong come back along the side of a pool , which lie in the foreground of the scene , jungle in the background . he hasten from camera leave and out camera right to - ext . clearing - full shot - day the clear with the dead tree . the terrify girl be in the tree , foreground . the meat-eater in the background turn as he hear Kong off screen from camera leave . ext . clearing - general view - day Kong enter from camera leave . the meat-eater advance to meet he from camera leave . the tree with the girl be in the middle distance . this shot be mask by foreground tree . ext . clearing - medium shot - day Kong and the meat-eater fight . Ann on she tree - top be in the foreground , animal in the background . ext . clearing - general view - day Kong be knock down by the meat-eater tail . the meat-eater attack he as he lie sprawle on he back . Kong manage to get to he foot . ext . clearing - medium shot - day the ape and the meat-eater fight . Ann on the tree - top in the foreground . ext . clearing - general view - day Kong dodge back and out of the scene to camera leave as the meat-eater leap from camera right . the girl on the dead tree in the foreground . ext . clearing - medium shot - day the animal fight , move into this shot from camera leave . Ann on she tree top in the foreground . ext . clearing - general view - day Kong back into this shot from camera leave . the meat-eater follow to attack . they fight . Kong get a grip on the meat eater 's hind foot and throw he . both wheel around as they fall . the meat-eater fall on camera right , Kong on camera leave . Kong leap on the meat-eater as he lie on he back . girl on tree in foreground . ext . clearing - medium shot - day Kong fall . Ann on the tree top in the foreground . ext . clearing - general view - day the meat-eater , still on he back , kick Kong out to camera leave . Ann on tree in foreground . ext . clearing - general view - day the meat-eater spring up and menace Kong , who be out of the shot , off camera leave . girl on tree in foreground . ext . clearing - medium shot - day Kong , on he foot , beat he chest in defiance . girl in foreground on tree top . ext . clearing - general view - day Kong leap in and grab the meat-eater 's front foot . girl in foreground on tree top . ext . clearing - medium shot - day Kong shift he hold on the front leg to a head hold , throw the meat-eater over he head . girl on tree top in foreground . ext . clearing - general view - day Kong throw the meat-eater . the meat-eater get up . Kong grapples with he again . the meat-eater throw Kong back against the tree with the girl in foreground . this be a new angle , tree center foreground . ext . clearing - medium shot - day Ann on the tree top as Kong back into it . she scream as the tree , jarre by the tremendous impact , start to fall . tilt down as tree fall . ext . clearing - general view - day the tree fall , with the scream girl , pin she under it . Kong fall also . this be the new angle . ext . clearing - medium shot - day the girl on the ground pin by the tree , which half cover she body . ext . clearing - general view - day the beast fight , with the girl under the tree in the foreground . ext . clearing - full shot - day the fight continue , with the girl under the tree in the foreground . ext . clearing - general view the beast fight . girl under the tree in foreground . ext . clearing - medium shot - day the girl , under the tree , look in horror at this spectacle . reverse angle . ext . clearing - general view - day the beast fight . Ann under the tree in foreground . ext . clearing - medium shot - day reverse angle again of the girl watch , horrify . ext . clearing - general view - day the animal fight . Kong grab the meat-eater 's head , bite and twist . the meat-eater fall , then get up . Kong leap on he back , grab he mouth , try to pry open jaw . Ann under tree in foreground . ext . clearing - medium shot - day Kong grab the meat-eater 's jaw , pries they open . ext . clearing - medium shot - day the girl , under the tree , stare , horrify . reverse angle . ext . clearing - general view - day Kong , on the meat-eater 's back , pull open its jaw . girl in foreground under tree . Kong pull back , so that he pull the meat-eater over . he fall with it , get up , grab he jaw again . the meat-eater lie prostrate as he work on it . ext . clearing - medium shot - day Kong 's hand break the jaw . Ann under tree in foreground . ext . clearing - general view - day Kong see he have break the meat-eater 's jaw . he give it a waggle to make sure , see it be dead , then rise and pound he chest with a triumphant roar . he start over towards the girl . ext . clearing - semi close up - day Kong 's face as he look down at Ann , interested and pleased . ext . clearing - full shot - day the girl under the tree . she scream as she see Kong look down at she . this shot from Kong 's angle . truck down to medium shot . ext . clearing - general view - day Kong take hold of the log . Ann scream . ext . clearing - medium shot - day Kong 's hand lift up the tree , freeing Ann . ext . clearing - general view - day Kong pick up ann. ext . clearing - long shot - day Ann , as she be lift by Kong 's hand . his shoulder be in foreground . reverse angle . she look fearfully up at he . this from he angle . ext . clearing - semi close up - day Kong as he look down at she , interested . ext . clearing - medium shot - day the girl hold in he hand - shoulder out of shot now . reverse angle . ext . clearing - general view - day Kong go off with she to camera right . ext . log - mo . shot - day denham raise himself cautiously from the shrubbery . he look to see -- ext . log - full shot - day -- the stegasaurus disappear in the direction from which he first appear . ext . log - mo . shot - day denham , reassure , move forward to -- ext . log - mo . shot - day -- the edge of the ravine by the big log . he look down horrify at what he see , then across . he be startle to see - ext . log - full shot - day -- from he angle , driscoll rise from the bottom of what have seem a quite empty cave . driscoll do not at first see denham . he too look down to the bottom of the ravine , then start to climb up the vine to the top of the ravine above the cave . ext . log - mo . shot - day denham 's impulse be to call to he , but caution assert itself . he check himself , look carefully behind he , then back , to see . ext . log - full shot - day -- driscoll , from he angle , climb up to the top of the bank . ext . log - mo . shot - day denham ( call , as softly as possible ) Jack - Jack driscoll . ext . log - mo . shot - day driscoll , turn , look startle as he see denham in the background . ext . ravine bottom - full shot - day -- denham on the far side . driscoll in the foreground of this shot . denham hey -- Jack . ext . log - mo . shot - reverse angle shoot into he face . driscoll ( annoyed ) it do not get you , huh ? ext . log - mo . shot - day denham I get to cover , same as you . ( look around apprehensively ) I guess we be safe now . ext . log - full shot - day driscoll in foreground , denham in background . driscoll safe like a cow in the stockyard . ( glance down ravine ) there 's only two of we leave alive , to save that girl . denham I can not get across now . driscoll I do not want you to . you get to lam back for some more of they bomb . denham you would not follow that beast alone ? ext . log - mo . shot - day - reverse angle to get fence . driscoll someone 's get to keep on he trail while it 's hot . maybe I will get a chance to snake she away -- and if I do not I will figure some way to signal you party where he 's take she . ext . log - full shot - day driscoll in foreground , denham in background . denham I guess that 's the only out . driscoll sure it be . get go now -- and do not get croak till you give the office to englehorn . denham ( start into shrubbery - wave back ) o.k. , Jack . good luck . driscoll see you later ... maybe ( exit camera leave ) ext . jungle pool - full shot - day driscoll plunge into the jungle after Kong . the parrot flutter after he . he cross by the pool . ext . tree - full shot - day driscoll come out to the clear with the tree . the dead meat-eater lie there . vulture be feed on he . driscoll look at this . a distant crash sound in the wood . he listen and realize it be Kong crash through the jungle , carry the girl . driscoll start after he . ext . jungle - full shot - day denham make he way through the jungle , leave to right , pan to follow , on he way back to the village . lap dissolve ext . mountain - general view - day Kong cross foreground of a big shot with mountain and cliff in background . Boy pursue on the run . ext . pool - full shot - day animation & min . to do driscoll run through the pool and waterfall set after Kong . ext . base cliff - full shot - day animation & min . to do Kong come from the jungle and start up the base of a cliff . ( deadfall set of most dangerous game . ) driscoll run out of the jungle and start up the cliff after Kong . lap dissolve ext . fissure - full shot - day dissolve in as Kong climb to a ledge from which a great fissure in the rock open into the mountain . he be unaware that the boy be follow he . he enter this fissure with the girl . int . cavern - general view - day a great black pool lie at camera right . entrance as at back . it have a outlet through the rock through which the water pour out in a waterfall . steep wall of rock rise to a immense height all around . a trail lead up camera leave to a ledge high above . this ledge look out upon a open through which daylight pour . it be this daylight which faintly illuminate the subterranean depth below . Kong enter with the girl , pass along the camera leave side of the pool towards the trail . the head of the monster rear out the pool . he stare at Kong , who can be see start up the path which lead towards the ledge above . the monster lunge for the shore and start to glide up the trail after Kong . driscoll enter in the background and at once dunk behind a rock . Kong place the girl on a small ledge beside the trail to he lair . he plunge down over the side of he lair , with a roar , to attack the sea monster . Eve Ann be in the foreground of this shot , on the ledge . instantly , the water monster wind himself about Kong and draw he toward the pool . Kong fight to keep himself from be draw into the pool by the monster , whose tail have a purchase in the bottom of the water somewhere . he grip rock with he foot , lock he great arm about the monster , crush he , sink he tooth into the monster 's body . the monster in turn wind he coil about the great ape try to crush he . after a few moment of frantic struggle , accompany by hideous noise , both lapse into low grunt and hiss as each exert strength against the other . it be a question of which will be crush first . driscoll in the foreground or background of this shot . as the monster , lock in a death embrace , grow still , hardly move at all , fade out . fade in . the great gate - night - sailor on guard . englehorn , 2nd mate and other in group round denham who be sit on the ground , tear , dishevel , still panting . denham -- skipper , I tell you this Kong be the biggest thing on earth . he shook the man off that log like fly . englehorn all that man lose ! incredible ! denham driscoll say he would try to signal we when he find Ann . englehorn ( groan ) we will never see either of they again . 2 nd mate do not give up , skipper . there 's still a chance for driscoll . denham we will have to wait for daylight . then we will bridge the ravine . where 's that other case of bomb ? sailor here , sir . englehorn this -- this monster that you see , will he care for bomb . denham if we can get near enough to use them , you bet he will care . have any trouble with the native ? englehorn yes , just after you leave . denham what happen ? englehorn we fire a couple volley over they head , and they take to they hut like scared rabbit . denham gunpowder 's something new in they life , huh ? englehorn they be terrify . 2 nd mate they have keep under cover ever since . denham ( to 2nd mate ) Briggs , get up on the wall and keep you eye peel . we will start at dawn , whether we get a signal for driscoll or not . lap dissolve int . cavern - general view - night dissolve in on the interior of the cavern . Kong and the water monster be still lock in each other 's arm at the edge of the pool . driscoll be in the foreground behind a rock . Kong manage to exert a last pressure of arm and tooth . the water monster suddenly give a snakey cry of agony and go limp . his coil relax . his head fall back . Kong realize he be dead and extricate himself . he be very tired . he stagger towards the trail , take the girl from the ledge and ascend to he lair once more . driscoll come out from behind he rock to watch this . int . trail - full shot - night Kong take the girl up into he lair , shoot towards lair . int . lair - full shot - night this lair open out upon the mountain side at a great height . the open be the eye of the legendary Skull after which the island be name . this shot look from the open into the lair as Kong bring the girl up into the lair from the trail . ( miniature and matte . ) he go to : ext . lair - full shot - night -- the ledge outside the open , overlook the island . side shot . he set she down . then he tower over she , silhouett against the rise moon , he give a triumphant roar . he beat he chest , defy the world outside . Ann shriek . int . cavern - general view - night driscoll hear she cry and start cautiously up the trail to the lair . int . lair - full shot - night now Kong , in the side angle , squat and take up the girl in he great hand . she try to run away . he let she run to the edge of the trail , then catch she and pull she back , as a cat might play with a mouse . repeat this action . the second time , he take she up in he hand and stare at she . int . lair - semi close up - night Kong stare at the girl with a puzzle , interested expression . int . lair - semi close up - night the girl in he hand look back at he , terrify . int . lair - full shot - night Kong , in side angle , begin to pick she clothes off , as a monkey might pick a rag doll to piece . int . lair - mo . shot - night Ann shrink and scream as she clothes be pull off bit by bit . ext . trail - full shot - night driscoll come up the trail . he can hear the girl 's scream . he hurry . int . lair - full shot - night the girl be almost naked . side angle . Kong be still pick at she when he turn startle . int . lair - semi close up - night Kong look alert and startle toward the trail . int . lair - full shot - night Kong put the girl down and go to look over the edge of the trail . side angle . the girl at once retreat to the edge of the outer edge of the lair , the lair which overlook the landscape without . int . trail - full shot - night Kong look down upon the trail from the lair above , this from cavern in train set , shoot into Kong 's face and the boy 's back . driscoll can be see below Kong , flatten himself into a crevice in the rock . Kong look down , try to see he , much puzzle over the source of the noise . ext . lair - full shot - night this shot from outside look in . the girl look terrify as she see : int . lair and mountain - general view - night a giant meat-eate bird ( petrodactyl ) high above she , wheeling . girl in foreground here . ext . mountain - long shot - night this shot take with bird in foreground , zooming down towards girl , see on lair far below , as the bird dive . camera zoom with bird . ext . lair - full shot - night Ann scream as the bird seize she . side angle . int . lair - full shot - night Kong , peer down the trail , hear noise and turn to rush back . Boy in foreground . ext . lair - full shot - night he catch the bird out of the air just as it start to fly away with the girl . a terrific fight between the two . the girl run back towards the trail . side angle here . int . lair - full shot - night driscoll come up over the edge of the lair as the girl run in . shot from look outside look in . he see the girl . he rush to seize she . he try to rush she back towards the trail . as he do do , Kong finish wring the bird 's neck and turn to see the intruder . int . log - semi close up - night Kong 's face as he see driscoll with the girl and roar angrily . int . lair - full shot - night shot from outside look in . Kong start toward they . int . trail - full shot - night driscoll take the only mean of escape possible . he be on the inner edge of the lair , overlook the subterranean pool . seize the girl about the waist , he dive off with she , just in time to avoid Kong 's grasp . int . cavern pool - full shot - night they land in the pool and come up . this a shot of surface of pool . int . trail - full shot - night Kong rush down the trail after they . int . cavern - general view - night Kong , at the edge of the pool . he try to reach they as they swim towards the orifice . int . cavern pool - full shot - night his great hand just miss they in the water . they dive . he reach for they again . int . tank - full shot - night underwater shot as he hand try to seize they . int . cavern pool - full shot - night ( miniature ) the subterranean outlet , through which the water of the pool pour out in a waterfall to the mountain side without . they come up just in time to be suck through it . ( miniature figure ) ext . waterfall - full shot - night ( miniature ) they be see go over the waterfall as it pour out of the mountain . they be sweep down the torrent below . ( miniature figure ) int . cavern - general view - night Kong roar furiously . he rush out through the entrance . ext . rapid - full shot - night the boy and girl be sweep down rapid . ext . fissure - full shot - night Kong come out of the fissure and start down the edge of the cliff . ext . torrent - full shot - night driscoll pull the girl ashore . he help she out , support she . they disappear into the jungle . fade out . fade in ext . wall - full shot - night -- on englehorn 's party group about the inner side of the great gate . it be close . the ship 's party have light a bonfire , about which there be group with they arm , include denham and englehorn . at the top of the wall , sailor be stand watch . ext . wall top - mo . or full shot - night one of the sailor at the top of the wall suddenly grab the arm of another and point as he see driscoll and Ann come out of the wood . they be visible in the background . ( double print silhouettes . ) they look to see -- ext . altar - full shot - night -- driscoll and Ann , from they angle , as they come from the jungle driscoll be carry the girl . ( this use set of Kong 's original entrance . ) ext . wall top - mo . or full shot - night the sailor who see this call down to that below . lookout on wall ( shout down ) driscoll and the lady -- come up from the wood , sir . ext . wall - full shot - night a commotion at the foot of the wall . all spring to they foot . englehorn gott sei dank ! driscoll and Ann - as the rescue party run up to they . denham give she to I . ( take the girl from driscoll ) englehorn ( grasp driscoll 's hand ) good man , Jack ! driscoll almost collapse . englehorn ( half support he , pull flask from he pocket ) here . driscoll take it , stagger over to Ann . she be lie on ground , denham kneel beside she . driscoll bend over she , give she a drink . she choke over it , push it away . ann I be all right . oh Jack . she hide she face against he . englehorn now , now . you be safe . we will be back on the ship in no time . driscoll be kneel , hold Ann in he arm . denham get up . denham wait a minute . what about Kong ? driscoll what about he ? denham we come here to make a move picture , but we have find something worth all the movie in the world . englehorn ( can not believe he ear ) what ! denham we have get the bomb . if we capture he alive -- driscoll you be crazy . anyway , he 's on top of a cliff where a army could not get at he . denham if he choose to stay there . they all stare at he . denham we have get something he want . he look at Ann . she shrink in horror . driscoll ( furiously ) something he will not get again . the roar of kong be hear in the jungle . driscoll he 's follow we ! Ann scream , driscoll put arm round she . ext . altar - full shot - night Kong burst from the jungle . see they and beat he breast . ext . altar - general view - night all run for the gate . ext . village square - general view - night this shot shoot towards village street , as native warrior , alarmed at sound of Kong - which can be hear - come run towards gate with weapon in hand . ext . wall - full shot - night the sailor at the gate hear the native run up behind they and snatch up weapon , ready to defend themselves . the native , however , run up , hold they hand , with weapon above they head , to show no harm be mean , shouting " kong , kong , " and indicate with gesture that the gate must be close . some start to pick up the big pole use to keep the gate shut . before the sailor have time to ask question , another frightful roar and drum be hear beyond the wall . ext . altar - full shot - night reverse angle as Kong , in the foreground , pursue the people in the background . ( use most dangerous game jungle glass ) . ext . wall - full shot - night the party who go to meet the boy and girl , with boy and girl , run through the gate , past native and sailor . denham ( shout ) shut the gate - shut the gate . englehorn all hand on the gate . 2 nd mate ( blow whistle ) driscoll run straight on out of the shot , with Ann , towards village square . the sailor drop they weapon to push the gate close . the native warrior , who pick up the big pole , now push it against the gate - some sixty of they on it . a few other stand by with weapon - leader , evidently - shouting order and encouragement . ext . altar - full shot - night reverse angle - Kong , in the foreground , pursue the people in the background . ( use most dangerous game jungle glass ) . ext . altar - full shot - night Kong reach the gate and get he foot jamme in it as it close . ( miniature ) ext . wall - full shot - night the ship 's party try to force the gate shut . Kong get he arm through it . ext . wall - mo . shot - night the arm lift a sailor and crush he or beat he against the gate . ext . wall - mo . shot - night sailor at the bottom press against the gate frantically to keep Kong out . Kong 's foot can be see block the gate . ext . wall - mo . shot - night the great hand drop the sailor , dead . ext . wall - mo . shot - night he fall among the sailor at the bottom of the gate , as they strain keep Kong out . Kong 's foot in the shot . ext . altar - full shot - night Kong throw himself repeatedly against the gate . it begin to wrench loose . ext . wall - full shot - night the sailor press against the gate . they look up , horrify as they see -- ext . wall - semi close up or mo . shot - night -- the hinge above tear loose . ext . wall - full shot - night they redouble they effort to keep the gate shut . ext . altar - full shot - night Kong make one last lunge at the gate . it rip loose from its hinge -- ext . altar - full shot - night -- and fall in . the sixty native on the long pole be crush . the sailor run for they life . they have no time to pick up weapon . the few survive native with spear - the one 's nor on pole - also run . Kong stand in the gate , snarling , beat he chest . he start after they . Village street , sailor panic through , take refuge in hut . driscoll and Ann run across , behind hut . denham run in . denham the bomb ! who 's get the bomb ! kong advance down street , tower over hut . he roar and knock hut aside . Men in foreground run . kong tear roof off a hut . Interior Hut from Kong 's angle . Men cower in a corner . they look up at camera and shriek . kong reach into hut , pick up a native . exterior , behind a hut . driscoll , half - carry Ann . stop , look back , hurry she out . kong look at native in he hand , throw he aside . denham run past after some sailor , one of they carry the bomb . kong knock down more hut . driscoll and Ann run , try to keep behind hut . kong see they over roof . Close - up of kong snarling as he see : Long shot , driscoll and Ann clear of village and run for beach . kong start after they . the beach , boat draw up . sailor run . denham overtake they , grab man with bomb , pull he around . man try to run . denham hit he , seize bomb . driscoll and Ann run toward camera . kong pursue . denham step forward , throw bomb over driscoll 's head . bomb burst in front of kong . smoke veil he . kong stagger forward through smoke , cough . he knock denham aside with he hand . he reach for driscoll and Ann , and pitch forward . close shot , driscoll and Ann . kong be reach hand fall into this shot , and he 's limp . Village street . night. englehorn and denham . englehorn be you hurt ? denham ( get up , push englehorn aside ) come on . we have get he . Village street . night . kong 's great side , heaving as he breathes . all crowd around he . denham ( exultant ) he will be out for hour . send off to the ship for anchor-chain , skipper . and tool . englehorn what be you go to do ? denham build a raft to float he out to the ship . the whole world will pay to see this ! englehorn no chain will hold -- that . denham we will give he more than chain . he 's always be king of the world . but we will teach he fear . ( he voice rise triumphantly ) we be millionaire . I will share with all of you . listen , boy a few month from now it will be in light on Broadway -- Kong , the eight wonder . dissolve to electric sign on a theatre , " kong , the eight wonder . " tilt down to crowd outside . closeup of crowd . 1st man what be it , anyhow ? 2 nd man they say it 's sort of a gorilla . 1st man gee , be not we get enough of they in New York ? another close-up . young man ( to he girl ) I hear it 's bigger and a elephant . girl ( chew gum ) do it do trick or what ? another close-up . woman ( in evening dress ) heavens , what a mob . her husband well , you would come . and the ticket cost I twenty buck . Long shot of crowd , zoom forward over they head toward the entrance . dissolve to wing of theatre , shoot toward stage . Ann and driscoll in foreground , peer toward stage . Ann evening dress . driscoll dinner jacket . ann I do not like to look at he , Jack . it make I feel the way I do that awful day on the island . driscoll I would not have bring you , but you know how denham insisted . ann of course we have to come when he say it would help the show . do you suppose we will really make a lot of money , Jack ? driscoll ( fussing with he collar ) enough to pay he back for this clothes , anyway ... I never have a open - face suit before . denham bustles in . full evening dress , silk hat , gardenia . he be excited and important . denham hello , you be just on time . you look great , Ann . glad I dress you up for this show . hello , Jack . ten thousand dollar in the box office . how 's that for one night ? driscoll say ! that 's money ! denham oh , we be go to do that every night . the newspaper boy be come in now . Group of reporter and photographer come in to Ann , driscoll , and denham . denham miss darrow , boy . and Mr. driscoll . 1st reporter it be Mr. driscoll rescue you from the ape , be not it ? ann yes . he be alone . all the sailor with he have be kill . 2 nd reporter ( look off -stage ) alone , eh ? whew ! how do you tackle that baby ? driscoll aw , denham 's the one that get he . the rest of we be run like rabbit , but denham have the nerve to stand still and chuck gas-bomb at he . the Reporters turn to denham , say " oh , you be the hero . " " come on spill it , " etc . denham no , lay off I . miss darrow be the story . if it have not be for she , we would never have get near kong . he come back to the village for she . 3rd reporter beauty and the Beast , huh ? denham that 's it . play up that angle . beauty and the Beast . kong could have stay safe where we would never have get he , but he could not stay away from beauty . that 's you story , boy . 2 nd reporter it 's a story all right . 1st photographer how about a few picture ? denham wait . I want you to take flashlight on the stage in front of the audience . we will ring the curtain up now , and I will make a speech . tell them about kong and miss darrow and driscoll . then when I call you , you all come on and take picture . the photographer ad lib . " sure , " " we will do that , " etc . denham come on Ann . I want you and Jack there when the curtain go up . ann ( shrink ) oh , no . denham it 's all right . we have knock some of the fight out of he since you see he . he urge Ann off . driscoll follow . cut to back of theatre , look toward stage , curtain down . House pack . denham come before the curtain . in almost the tone of the circus spieler , he begin : denham lady and gentleman , I be here tonight to tell you a strange story . so strange a story that no one will believe it . but , lady and gentleman , see be believe , and we -- I and my partner -- have bring back the live proof of we adventure , a adventure in which twelve of we party meet terrible death . cut to wing of theatre . Reporters and photographer look onto the stage . 2nd photographer Holy smoke , look at that ! 1st photographer hope he 's tie up good and plenty . 1st reporter sure he be . denham 's take no chance . cut to front of theatre . denham address audience . denham - and now , lady and gentleman , before I tell you more , I be go to show you the great sight you eye ever beheld . he be the king and the god of the world he know , but now he come to civilization , merely a captive , a show to gratify you curiosity . lady and gentleman , look at kong , the eight wonder of the World . the curtain rise to disclose a raise platform , on which be kong , load with chain and so fastened that he can move nothing but he head . murmur and exclamation from the audience , a few rise to they foot to get a better look . CUT to medium shot on stage . denham take Ann 's hand . denham I want to introduce miss Ann darrow . the pluckiest girl I have ever know . audience applaud . denham there the Beast , and here the beauty . she have live through a experience that no other woman ever dream of . and she be rescue from the very grasp of kong by she future husband . I want you to meet a very brave gentleman , Mr. John driscoll . audience applaud . driscoll bow awkwardly . denham now , before I tell you the full story of we voyage . I be go to ask the gentleman of the press to come forward , so that the audience may have the privilege of see they take the first photograph of kong and he captor . he look off-stage and beckon . the press man come on . denham miss darrow first , alone . stand in front of kong , Ann . Ann reluctantly do so . 1st photographer that 's it - that 's near enough . 2nd photographer ready . hold it . smile , please . the flashlight go off . kong roar . Ann look round in terror , with a startle cry . denham do not be alarmed , lady and gentleman . that chain be make of chrome steel . he can not move . flashlight again . kong roar and strain at chain . Ann cover she face . driscoll step forward to she . driscoll it 's all right , Ann . denham get they together , boy . they be go to be marry tomorrow . 1st photographer put you arm around she , driscoll . driscoll do so . flashlight . kong roar , struggle . Ann hide she face against driscoll . denham wait . hold on . he think you be attack the girl . 1st photographer let he roar . swell picture . ( to flashlight man ) get this . flashlight again . with a frightful roar , kong break he chain . everyone stand paralyze , as kong beat he chest , roaring . the driscoll grab Ann , and rush for door . the theatre ; reporter , attendant run for safety . audience in panic . kong roaring . driscoll and Ann through door . kong start across arena . driscoll and Ann in street . driscoll my hotel ! across the street ! they run . kong push down big door . crowd street see beyond he . he plunge through . kong come up to hotel . door be too small for he . he peer through big window . driscoll and Ann in elevator go up . she be cling to he in panic . kong outside hotel . a woman , several storey above , look out window , see kong , scream . kong look up , see woman , think it be Ann , start to climb . woman see he come , go back from window . kong climb up building . a room in hotel , five man play poker . 1st man sweeten it - sweeten it . they all ante , while 2nd man deal . 3rd man what 's all the doing over there at the theatre ? 2 nd man sound like a three - alarm fire . 4 th man aw , some movie stunt about a monkey . 5 th man I hear the theatre 's sell out . 3rd man this town sure be full of hick . 1st man barnum be right . kong appear at window . they panic . another room in hotel . Ann and driscoll rush in , he slam door . Ann cling to he for a moment , then collapse on bed , gasp and sobbing . he kneel beside she . driscoll hush , ann. hush , darling . it 's all right . you be safe here . kong climb building . another hotel room . a woman in negligee at telephone . woman yes , Jimmy , it 's mabel - I be wait for you to call up . jimmy howya , kid . glad I be back ? woman you bet I be glad you be back ... I get you postal . talk louder , Jimmy , there 's fire - engine go by . I can not hear ... jimmy gonna step out with I , kid ? ya save the evening like I tell ya ? mabel sure I save the evening ... nine o'clock will be swell ... and say , wait until you see my new outfit ... all right , I will be there ... say , when do I ever break a date with you , honey ... jimmy whatsa matter ? hey , kid , what yer yell -- mabel ! mabel ! Operator , something 's happen ! kong at window . he reach in , pick she up , pull she out window . exterior , hotel wall . kong look at she , see she be not Ann , drop she disgustedly . driscoll 's hotel room . Ann sit on bed . driscoll kneel beside she . driscoll we will stay here , dear . I will not leave you . they will get he . it 's all right . ann ( gasp ) it 's a like a horrible dream . it 's like -- be back there -- on the island . driscoll put he arm round she , murmur soothingly . kong appear in window . driscoll start up . Ann turn and see , shriek , cower on bed . kong smashes window , he hand come in , reach . driscoll pick up a chair and attack hand . kong be hand knock he across room , where he lie senseless . kong be hand drag the bed to the window , pick up Ann , take she out window . driscoll stagger to window , look up after kong , turn and rush out . ( change - 9/6/32 ) Hotel corridor . denham run toward camera , follow by pop eye bell - boy , clerk and waiter . door to driscoll 's room open , and driscoll stagger out , almost collide with denham . denham Jack ! he 's climb up , outside there . driscoll he get Ann . he 's take she up . denham the roof ! Quick ! they rush off . CUT to roof of hotel . denham and driscoll run in . they see kong , hold Ann , go over another roof . he go out of sight . denham what will we do ? driscoll ( turn to go ) Fire Department searchlight . they will keep he in sight . CUT to - motorcycle cop . crowd point and shouting . policeman turn in alarm . hook and ladder . kong climb . cornice break . cornice crash on man . firehouse , searchlight come out . sire . mounted police ride out . crowd in street . searchlight on roof . 1st fireman where be he ? 2 nd fireman he go that way . 1st fireman he may have fall . searchlight settles on Kong on distant roof . 1st fireman there ! there he be . 2 nd fireman he 's still get the girl . another searchlight pick up Kong . 3rd fireman he 's turn . he 's go back . Police station , cop run out with gun . Wall of window , full of head , craning . cop telephon from street - box . roof with searchlight . Kong not see . Light move to and for , look . 2 nd fireman where 's he go ? two policeman enter . 1st cop can you see he ? 2 nd fireman no . lose sight of he half and hour ago . crowd in street . two man look up . 1st man they say he 's disappear . 2 nd man well , what could he hide in ? 1st man gee , I hope he do not come down in the street . 2 nd man you say it . Police Station . sergeant at desk with phone . denham and driscoll pace the floor . phone ring . sergeant ( into phone ) yes ? yes ... no , not yet ... headquarters be broadcasting the report . ( he hang up ) the loudspeaker Kong , the giant ape , be still at large . he have not be see since midnight . the whole city be arouse . we be hope for a report at any moment . driscoll sit down with a groan and put he head in he hand . denham rest a hand on he shoulder . denham snap out of it , Jack . they be bound to find he when morning come . driscoll I can not do anything . Ann 's out there -- somewhere -- denham but we be pretty sure he will not hurt she . driscoll he may have drop she . she may be lie somewhere . the loudspeaker attention , all station ! Kong have be see again . he be on the roof of the warehouse at 41st Street . he be go toward the East River . he be still carry Ann darrow . driscoll leap up , clutching denham . phone on desk ring . sergeant ( answer it ) yes ?... yes , the report just come in ... I do not know . what can we do without kill the girl , too ? denham if he put Ann down -- sergeant ( into phone ) it will be daylight in a hour . keep he in sight . the loudspeaker Kong be go West . he be make for the Empire State Building . driscoll ( to sergeant ) if he go up there , what can we do ? sergeant we will not be able to get near he . the loudspeaker Kong be climb the Empire State . he be still carry Ann darrow . denham that 's lick we . driscoll there 's one thing that have not be try . sergeant what ? driscoll airplane . if he should put Ann down -- if they could fly near enough to pick he off -- without hit Ann -- sergeant you be right ! plane -- as soon as it 's daylight -- ( he turn to phone and start to call ) CUT to plane take off . crowd in street , gaze up . Kong on top of Empire State . he put Ann down and beat he chest . a airplane squadron , fly in formation . the plane over New York . Pilot look over side , give signal to rest of squadron . entrance to Empire State , crowd around door , police hold they back . denham , driscoll , with two policeman , push they way through crowd . they pause in door . denham here come the plane . policeman they will get he . driscoll can they shoot he and not hit Ann ? ( he start inside ) policeman hold on . do not you get on that roof too . denham give the pilot a chance , Jack . they all exit into building . top of Empire State . Dawn . Kong turn and look up at a plane , roar and beat he chest . in plane , shot over pilot 's shoulder , as plane dive at Kong . top of Empire State . Kong snatch at plane and drop it into street . in the street , plane drop and burn . top of Empire State . Kong roar and beat he chest . in 2nd plane , observer tap pilot and point . they dive . top of Empire State . plane bank around Kong , fire machine gun . Close shot of Kong - he be hit by bullet , stagger . shot of Ann on ledge . another plane zoom past , fire at Kong . Close shot of Kong , hit again . he cough , look down at he wound . look at Ann , reach as though to pick she up . top of Empire State . more plane zoom down . Kong stand erect , drum on he chest . the plane sweep by , fire . he stagger , turn slowly , and topple off roof . ext . new york STREET - general view - night ( stock ) Fire engine , searchlight unit , police car , motorcycle and what not , speed through crowded street with siren blow . this would be particularly effective in some well recognize location such as Times Square . ext . 3rd roof - full shot - night Kong , carry the girl , run across roof to the edge of a city street . he leap across the street , or alley , if the distance be too great , and catch a window of a building on the opposite side . he pull himself up and continue the chase . crowd can be see below . ext . 2 nd STREET - full shot - night confusion in the street below this building as the crowd of police , firemen , etc. , rush after Kong . lap dissolve ext . 4 th roof - full shot - dawn dissolve in on a armed party , include driscoll and police officer , as they rush across roof top and stop bewilder as they see no trace of Kong . the first streak of dawn be tinging the sky . ext . 4 th roof - mo . shot - dawn police captain it 's no use . all night we have be after he -- and never get near enough to take a shot . police lieutenant it will be daylight soon . that ought to help . police captain help the ape , maybe . driscoll there he go -- make for the Empire State Building . point to -- ext . empire state build - general view - dawn -- Kong with the girl see in the distance , go across roof toward Empire State Building background . probably no man need in this shot , as building give size . ext . 4 th roof - mo . shot - dawn police captain if he take the girl up there with he , we be fair beat . police lieutenant that 's right . we can not shoot he down while he have the girl . driscoll wait a minute . there 's one thing we have not try . police captain and what be that ? driscoll Air plane . the army plane from Roosevelt field . they might find a way to pick he off without touch she . police captain you be right . ( to Lieutenant ) get to a phone , Tim . call the field , - burn up the wire - as they move away , dissolve out . ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn dissolve in on the Empire State Building , as Kong climb it with the girl . the first streak of Dawn light the sky . ext . airport - general view - dawn military plane as they take off from a airport . ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn the dome of the Empire State Building as Kong climb up . ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn the crowd in the street , watch this aghast . there be police car , motorcycle , fire engine , and two of three searchlight unit , keep they light fix on he . Police be keep the crowd back . vertical shot down . ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn Kong climb to stand on the dome , hold the girl . he beat he chest , defy the whole civilized world . ext . sky and CITY - general view - dawn a airplane squadron over New York , fly toward the Empire State Building . if desirable , this can be do without city below , just against sky back . the plane be pursuit ship . ext . 1st airplane - mo . shot - dawn the squadron leader look over the side of the plane . he wave a signal to the other and dive . ext . sky and CITY - full shot - dawn the leader dive toward the Empire State Building , see far below , Kong be just a dot on the roof . the rest continue to fly in formation . ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn Kong hear the plane . he turn to look as the squadron leader bank about the top of the building , make a reconnaissance . Kong put the girl down and suddenly reach out , snatch the plane out of the air . he crumple it and hurl it to -- ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn -- the street below . it land just short of the crowd and burst into flame . ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn Kong again roar angry defiance at the world . ext . 2 nd airplane - mo . shot - dawn the observer of a 2nd plane tap the pilot 's back , indicate here 's they chance . the military pilot of the second airplane fire machine gun as he dive . ( note : a long shot of Kong in dome from angle of plane would it it 's possible , help observer get this over . maybe zoom shot , plane in background ) ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn the airplane whizze by Kong , fire into he . ext . empire state build - mo . shot - dawn Kong be see from the waist up . the bullet strike he about the chest . he stagger . ext . empire state build - mo . shot - dawn the girl watch , terrify . ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn another airplane zoom by fire into Kong . ext . empire state build - mo . shot - dawn again Kong be hit . he cough . he look down at the girl . he look at he wound , realize he be weaken . he move to -- ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn -- pick she up . ext . empire state build - mo . shot as he stare at she with a puzzle , hurt look . the he put she -- ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn -- down , straighten up , roar defiance up at the plane . he cough as he drum he chest , dare they to come on . ext . CITY and sky - full shot - dawn the remainder of the squadron dive together towards the Empire State Building . ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn they sweep past Kong with a roar of machine gun . he stagger , turn and slowly topple off the roof . ext . empire state build - general view - dawn Kong as he fall to -- ext . empire state build - full shot - dawn -- the street below . he land beside the burn airplane . ext . dome of the empire state - dawn Ann lie on ledge . driscoll , denham , couple of cop rush in , as Kong go over . driscoll leap across , get Ann , he be incoherent with terror for she . he kiss she wildly , talk all the time . driscoll Ann ! Ann ! be you all right ? oh , my darling , sure you be not hurt ? ann ad lib . denham and one cop lean over the parapet look down at the fall Kong . cop ( draw a long breath ) gee , what a sight . well , the aviator get he . denham oh no , ' twas not the aviator ( cop look question ) it be beauty kill the Beast . cop stare at he , very puzzle . fade out .