kiss of the spi der woman by Leonard schrader for educati onal purpose only first draft October 25 , 1982 convert to pdf by screentalk http://www. screentalk.org ext . harbor - day the South american harbor be cramme with freight ship . dockworkers climb the ramp with bag of coffee bean . crane unload box of japanese coffeemaker . CUT to : ext . bar district - day the narrow street be line with garish bar . half -nude hookers lean over balcony and call down to pass shipmate . more hooker , escape the tropical heat , sit in doorway and fan themselves to the salsa music from all the bar . CUT to : int . restaurant patio - day tapping to the music be a man 's foot in sandal and a gold ankle chain . his linen trousers be roll up in the heat . dyed in he silk shirt be small face of rita hayworth . he be lewis molina , 58 , a american who have live here since jump ship at 19 . his hair be tinted to hide the gray . he have the weathered face of a man who have see it all , and be hurt by most of it . as the camera move from he foot to he face , we hear molina read in a rather effeminate voice . molina he say he can not come back for Christmas like he promise ... and he 's very sorry he have not see he new son yet ... and he love you with all he heart . spread across he table be envelope and stamp . a woman of the district listen to he with quiet dignity . she have a baby on she lap and a four- year - old boy at she side . woman so he will not come at all this year . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 2. woman ( cont 'd ) ( hold back tear ) what about money for the child ? molina sorry . he do not say . ( turn to bar ) Gabriel ! do you forget my iced tea ? ( turn to woman ) do you want to write he back ? the woman be too sad to answer . the boy fiddle with he Star Wars toy . molina moisten a pen with he tongue and begin to write . molina dear Peter , the boy and I be delighted to get you thoughtful card ... a ship horn blare over the music . as molina write , we see the interior of he hang - out and ' office . ' the restaurant be divide by a fold partition , paint with jungle leave and spider web . one side be a bar with weary dockworker . the other side be a modest dining room with ship officer at clean tablecloth . gabriel , 35 , a handsome waiter in a tunic , move through the table with a tray of dirty dish . his well - dress wife , wait impatiently at the kitchen window , resume she harangue . wife I tell you last week , the deadline be today . if we do not pay by 5:30 , the girl will miss a whole semester . say nothing , Gabriel put a iced tea on he tray . wife be you listen ! ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org wife ( cont 'd ) you know how I struggle to get they accept by that school ! Gabriel approach molina 's table on the patio . molina glance up with a smile . gabriel you tea , molina . sorry it take so long . molina that 's okay . ( return to letter ) remember , dearest Peter , I be you woman , who miss you more than life itself , who life only for the bless moment of you return . I save all my love for you alone . you beloved -- ( look up ) what be you name , darling ? woman please , senhor molina . I will sign my own name . molina be miff . molina okay . if you think that 's better . the woman pay the fee and leave . Gabriel , wait nearby , look uneasy as he lean forward . gabriel molina , could I ask you a small favor ? it 's only a hundred . for my kid 's school . ( indicate wife ) she have the money , but she say a father should provide this thing . molina take out a hundred , leave only twenty for himself . Gabriel accept it with grateful dignity . gabriel thank you , molina . I will pay you back next month . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 4. molina watch he approach he angry wife . molina bitch . CUT to : ext . bar district - night although the bar be close , the narrow street still swelter in the heat . molina and Gabriel stroll past hooker linger in the shadow . molina I will never understand . how can a man with you intelligence work in a dump like that ? gabriel it 's life , molina . molina no , it 's a shame . with you look and charm , you should work in a chic restaurant . ina big international hotel . make three time what you get in that stinkhole . gabriel you think I have not try ? they turn a corner and approach the bus-stop . molina look , when I bring my mother down from Miami , she work the switchboard at the copacabana Palace . she still know the manager . she will introduce you , and poof . a new life . gabriel forget it , Lewis . I can not even speak English . the bus approach . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 5. molina ( quickly ) I will pay for you lesson . we can practice everyday . it 's perfect , you will learn in no time . gabriel talk be cheap , eh molina ? molina I can afford it . really . gabriel ( board the bus ) see you tomorrow . molina goodnight , Gabriel . kiss the child for I . molina watch the bus pull away . several tough teenager stand in front of a run-down movie theater . one boy , 16 , stare at molina . they eye meet . CUT to : int . molina' apartment - night molina , exhaust , enter he dimly - light parlor . the late-night tv broadcast a test pattern . his mother , 81 , wake up on the sofa . they speak in English . molina mama , you should be in bed . why do not you listen to the doctor ? mother what time be it ? molina Long past you bedtime . come , I will help you . he take she elbow . she hobble toward she bedroom with a cane . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 6 . molina do you know anyone who teach English ? mother why be you so late , Lewis ? do something happen ? molina of course not , mama . just go to sleep . ext . bar / restaurant - day CUT to : molina sip coffee at he regular " desk " on the patio . a police car pull to a stop . a police officer get out and approach molina 's table . officer good morning , molina . how 's it go ? molina not bad . the officer sit down and finger molina 's papers and pen . officer how 's business ? molina slow . I need more coffee . you want some ? officer you do not have time . ( point ) recognize the kid in the car ? molina squint at the police car . in the backseat be the 16 - year- old boy ( from last night ) with he father . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 7 . officer his father 's be sing you favorite song . let 's go . crestfallen , molina stand up and gaze back into the restaurant at Gabriel . CUT to : ext . prison - day the old prison be massive . the stone wall be surround by slum . CUT to : int . prison - day the corridor be filthy . the floor be crack . the paint be peel . CUT to : int . torture room - day shadows on the wall show a man be torture . he suddenly fall to the floor . his boot be spatter with blood . voice a be he dead ? voice B no , I will wake he up . voice a forget it , I be too tired . just haul he back to the cell . CUT to : int . cell - night the stark cell door have a steel door and one small window with bar . molina sit on a prison bed and speak directly into the camera . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 8 . molina when the tycoon discover where she be work , he busy the hotel and fire she . just when she need to pay for she lover 's t.b. treatment . CUT to : int . fisherman' shack - night ( mexican movie ) we see the movie that molina be describe . the image look like a cheap mexican melodrama . the tubercular young man be asleep on a humble bed in the shanty . voice of molina she tell she lover nothing about lose she job . she just want he to sleep . CUT to : int . cell - night now we see that molina be address someone . the camera pan to the other bed . his cell-mate wear the same blood - spatter boot see in the torture room . the camera continue from boot to head . the cell - mate appear to be sleep , he face to the wall . molina ( 0.s. ) she do not dare worry he when he 's so sick . the cell - mate roll over with he eye open . he be Valentin arregui , 32 , thin and unshaven . his arm show the mark of torture . he have the intense look of a man who have be hurt in more way than one . Valentin do not bother I . I need to sleep . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 9. int . fisherman' shack - night ( mexican movie ) cough , the tubercular Young man struggle to he foot and put on he coat . voice of molina one night she lover be feel a little better and decide to meet she after work at the hotel . leave , the young man blow out the candle . CUT to : ext . HOTEL - night ( mexican movie ) the Young man speak to the doorman at the large hotel . the doorman give he a cigarette and match . voice of molina the doorman tell he that she have not work there for quite a while . he ask for a cigarette even though he know smoking be suicide for a man with t.b. CUT to : ext . dark STREET - night ( mexican movie ) the gaunt Young man see several prostitute under a street lamp , call out to pass car . voice of molina in desperation he walk street after street until , finally , he see she on a corner . she be wear a gaudy outfit and flirt with a old man in acar . he suddenly realize what she 's be hide from he : she be sell she body to save he life . the young man , cry , take a deep drag on he cigarette . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 10 . int . cell - night molina , play the role of the young man , pretend to cry with a cigarette . Valentin struggle to he foot and go to the shit-bucket in the corner . molina do you like it ? Valentin leave I alone , man . I need to build my strength . molina just tell I if you like it . Valentin , exhaust by torture , lean against the wall as he urinate . Valentin now that it 's over , it seem like the lover be dead . molina it 's not over yet , my dear . Valentin shit . CUT to : int . fisherman' shack - night ( mexican movie ) the woman ( who be dress as a hooker ) arrive home in normal clothing . see he empty bed , she rush into the kitchen . on the table be a plate full of cigarette butt and a empty bottle of rum . then she see he note by the window . voice of molina instantly she realize that he know she secret . she find he note by the window . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 11 . voice of molina ( cont 'd ) moonlight fall on he tearstain word as she read : " I love you so much that I can not go on be such a burden to you . please do not look for I . if God want we to meet again , we will find each other without even look . " the movie music swell : a sad , romantic bolero . CUT to : int . cell - night molina be hum the same bolero . Valentin stare at the ceiling . molina be not it wonderful ! Valentin it help pass the time . molina do that mean you like it ? svalentin it do not help the cause . molina bless Mary , be that all you can talk about ? you must have study political philosophy in school . Valentin look at he with disgust . Valentin the phrase be political Science , and the answer be -- no , I study journalism . molina ah ! so you can appreciate a good story . Valentin and easily spot a cheap one . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org molina do not worry , my dear . tomorrow morning mother will show she best . better than any movie you will ever see . Valentin no , I can not be listen to this junk during the day . I have get important thing to think about . molina tomorrow night , then . sweet dream . int . cell - day Valentin read a paperback entitle third World economics . molina , like a actor , use a mirror and tipstick to apply a light rouge on he cheek . molina tell I about you girlfriend . you do have one , do not you ? Valentin leave I alone . molina of course , you do . what 's the big secret ? be she involved ina scandal ? Valentin glare up from he book . Valentin it 's none of you business . ( turn away ) that 's my problem . int . cell - night molina be excited to be tell another movie . 12 . CUT to : CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 13 . molina imagine Paris during the second World War , such a wonderfully heroic time . proud soldier march along the broad avenue in a magnificent parade of Liberation . CUT to : ext . paris - day the parisian skyline . sound of crowd , military drum , march troops . voice of molina the air be charge with excitement as they march under the arch of triumph . pan down the arch of triumph to reveal column of nazi troops . voice of molina wearing they marvelous uniform . so perfect , so clean . battalion of totally blonde , invincible supermen ! through a series of shot , we move from the parade to a average french work - class neighborhood . the image look like a slapdash german film of the 1940' . more specifically , a Nazi propaganda movie . voice of molina forget what you read in the history book . the truth be , the french welcome the Germans with open arm . as two frenchmen unload a truck at a hardware store , a nazi convoy appear . german troops arrest the two man , and find other hide in the cellar . one be shot try to escape , the other surrender . they be Jews . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 14 . voice of molina oh , there be a few who do not appreciate they , but for the most part , the french cheer because they be save France from disaster and starvation . werner , a handsome gestapo officer , whisper to a aide . a neighborhood crowd spit on the smuggler . german troops break open the cargo and distribute the contraband food . a grateful old woman kiss Werner 's hand . a pickup truck stop in a alley and watch the crowd . voice of molina a small truck watch from nearby . Inside be this two french thug from the resistance . the driver be a hulk cross -ey flunky . his boss be a grimy little clubfoot . they truck be load with delicacy like can meat and cognac . this resistance goons be shameless black -marketeer . simply shameless . CUT to : int . cell - night Valentin sit up . Valentin you mean the Nazis be the good guy ? be you crazy ? molina so what , it 's a movie I see . Valentin be you say freedom fighter be bad guy ? molina , upset , kick he rather effeminate speech into overdrive . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 15 . molina I do not explain my movie . it just ruin the emotion . Valentin ( turn away ) this movie 's already ruin . molina now , the clubfoot CUT to : ext . STREET - day ( nazi movie ) the clubfoot hobble from he truck to a phone booth and dial . clubfoot let I talk to Michelle . CUT to : int . cabaret - day ( nazi movie ) a chorus line rehearse on the stage of a lavish nightclub . michelle , a blonde chorus-girl , run offstage to answer the phone . blonde yes ? clubfoot ( 0.s. ) ( curt ) they get Jacob and Bernard . do you get the map ? blonde no , there be no time to -- clubfoot ( 0.s. ) no time ! you better come through . or else . blonde do not worry , I will get it . after work I be go to - convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 16 . clubfoot ( 0.s. ) just get it . nothing else matter . vive la France . CUT to : int . cabaret night - night ( nazi movie ) the blonde dance in the chorus line . elegant waiter move along dimly - light table of german officer . voice of molina every night , a ravish young chanteuse take the stage and sing to a audience fill with the german High Command . leni , a stun brunette dress in elegant black , appear in the spotlight . voice of molina she be leni lamaison . a Grace Kelly with the voice of a piaf . voice of Valentin Grace who ? voice of molina anyway ... ( sigh ) the lyric portray a sweet innocent nightingale , take prisoner from its nest by a fierce brutal eagle . can you imagine she courage , sing this in public during the german occupation ? and to top it off , she descend the stage step and finish she song right in front of Werner 's table . Werner ! a man no woman can resist . totally heartless . but inside , a volcano . my God , so gorgeous , so blonde , and -- ( whisper ) the Chief of the gestapo for all France . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 17. leni , sing , move between table of Nazi brass who fidget at she bold lyric . Werner whisper and give a aide he name - card engrave with a swastika . leni conclude face - to-face with Werner . they eye lock . Silent tension fill the cabaret . Werner rise slowly and begin to applaud . the audience burst into applause . CUT to : int . cell - night molina , act out Werner 's applause , be totally immerse in he movie . Valentin lie in he bunk molina ( sigh ) oh , Valentin , this movie be so wonderful , but I have get to get some sleep . do you mind ? molina wait for Valentin 's reaction . Valentin just stare at the door . molina what 's the matter ? Valentin nothing . molina well , something 's bother you . Valentin I can not understand why they stoop my interrogation . it 's be three day . molina and mother think she bedtime story be help you feel better . Valentin yeah , a big help . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 18 . molina Fine , we will pick it up tomorrow night . be not be romantic ? Valentin gaze at he with tight - lipped anger . Valentin you Nazis be about as romantic as the fuck warden . that bastard 's be kick and stick I more day than I can count , and now I gotta listen to this crap . molina I can imagine . Valentin no , you can not . you really like that jackboot blond . molina of course . I be in love with Werner . and you know why ? ( gesture ) he 's hang like a horse . Valentin grimace and roll over , he face to the wall . Valentin go to sleep . molina what 's wrong ? afraid to talk about sex ? Valentin you really want to know , molina ? I find you boring . I know you like a book . molina , angry , lean forward on he bed . molina darling , you do not know page one . you know I be a faggot ? well , congratulation . you know I corrupt minor ? ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 19 . molina ( cont 'd ) well , it 's even on tv , film at eleven . you know I go for little boy who -- Valentin okay ! okay , molina . you movie be terrific . with naive hope , molina pick up a candle to see Valentin 's face more clearly . molina you really mean it ? Valentin ( look at he ) sure , it 's better than a tampax commercial . let 's mindfuck everybody . molina recoil and quickly regroup . molina but propaganda be just dandy when it serve you stinking revolution . Valentin now could you know anything about revolution ? you be just a damn queen . molina and how could you know anything if you be so damn prejudice ?. Valentin roll back toward the wall . molina now what ? we liberated journalist can not even say " no comment " ? have we freedom fighter run into too many fight or too many freedom ? ( sigh ) just when my movie make I forget this stinkhole . why could not my cell - mate be Werner ? ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org because I molina ( cont 'd ) ( lay down ) goodnight . dream about my french blonde . Valentin ( curt ) I have my own woman . molina because she fight for you piss - ass revolution , I be sure . Valentin no . love she . ( pause ) I would hate to imagine who you dream about ? molina the singer , darling . I be always the heroine . sweet dream . int . prison corridor - dawn CUT two guard drag a limp p body into a cell and prop the new prisoner against a bunk . cloth sack . his shirt be blood-stain . SOUND of a muffle groan . int . cell Valentin , into the cell across the corridor . - dawn his head be hood with a CUT 20 . to : to : kneel by the door , peer through the foodslot squint at he . molina what 's go on ? molina , drowsy , convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 21. Valentin quiet , they be bring in someone new . Valentin sees : the door be shut and the guard ' foot depart . molina rub he eye . molina what time be it , anyway ? as Valentin whisper through the food -slot , a voice echoe down the corridor . Valentin hey ... hey .. guard ( 0.s. ) who 's look for trouble ? ( pause ) then shut up ! molina ( sit up ) Holy Mary , it sound like a train station . how do they expect I to get any sleep ? Valentin , deeply disturb , move toward the wash basin . Valentin he 's really bleed . molina a political prisoner ? Valentin they do not treat you like that for steal bananas . molina do you know he ? Valentin begin brush he tooth . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 22 . int . cell - right molina seductively play the role of leni . molina in she dress - room , leni change into a pink satin gown which make she look heavenly . firm breast . thin waist . smooth hip . her skin smell of fresh lavender -- Valentin what be this , Nazi propaganda or Nazi porno ? molina do not be ridiculous . sometimes I get a little carry away . ( resume ) all of a sudden , leni notice a magnificent bouquet of flower . Valentin send by you gestapo loverboy , I suppose . CUT to : int . cabaret dressing room - night ( nazi movie ) leni examine the flower , find Werner 's name - card and toss it leni pat aside . the blonde enter the dress room . blonde what fabulous flower ! who be they from ? lenz some filthy kraut . the blonde 's stomach with a sympathetic smile . blonde yes , soon I win ' t be able to dance . can you imagine , unemployed and pregnant ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 23 . leni and pregnant by a german ! blonde what can I do , leni ? Love have no country . the stage manager open the door . stage manager two minute , Michelle . the blonde run . leni , alone , pick up Werner 's name card and stare at the bouquet . super-impose : the eye of Werner . voice of molina Werner 's eye , he beautiful blue eye , begin to burn into she soul . eye like the claw of a eagle -- inescapable . CUT to : int . cell - night Valentin , wrap in a blanket , shake he head in disgust . Valentin how can you just sit there and be - write history like that ? molina because this movie be divine , and that 's all that count . if I do not think about nice thing , I could go nut in here -- like Charlotte of Mexico , since I will end up a queen , no matter what . Valentin so you be just invent all this crap . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 24 . molina no , I be not , I swear . well , some thing , I embroider a little , so you can see they the way I do . but it be show everywhere before the war be over . vai Jesus , do not you more recent ? mo not with such exq and perfect beauty . lentin know anything lina uisite romance they do not make they like that anymore . vai thank God . mo you atheist neve God . VA lentin lina be stop mention lentin and you fagot never face fact . fantasies be no escape . yourself like tha nut , too , you ko mo ( point to if you have get the follow . otherwise my own way , thank vai ( disgust then you life be you movie . and go to sleep ) . Valentin blow out he cand blow out the other candle . the darkness . mo goodnight , valent my french torch - 's alienate t can drive you ow . lina door ) key , I will gladly I will escape in you . lentin ) as trivial as so be you . I be le . molina , think deeply , the two candlewick fade in lina in . dream about inger . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org Valentin dream about you gestapo goons . int . prison corridor - dawn four guard be conduct the morning bed check . 25 . CUT to : as they open door , we hear prisoner bark out they name . at the fourth door , we see the two man stand at attention . Valentin Valentin arregui ! molina Lewis molina ! the door be slam shut . int . cell - day molina mash a avocado . Valentin read in bed . CUT to : molina approach with avocado cracker and two cup of tea . molina have some . mother 's clean out she cupboard . it 's a long time till lunch . Valentin no , I can not afford to get spoiled . molina mother of God , I offer you half of my precious avocado , and this be the thanks I get ? you spit in my face ! Valentin do not act like that . you get so damn sensitive . molina that 's how I be , very sentimental . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org molina ( cont 'd ) you be so damn smart , tell I what to do about it . Valentin I do not know , do not be so over - sensitive . you sound just like a molina like a what ? say it , like a woman , that 's what you mean , be not it ? ( Valentin nod ) what 's wrong with be weak like a woman ? Valentin woman be not weak , that 's just you fantasy , and prejudice . molina why do only woman get to be sensitive ? why not a man , a faggot , or any poor bastard ? if more man act like woman , there would not be so much violence . molina gesture at the welt on Valentin 's arm . Valentin you have get a point there . ( look up ) but what would you do in a world with no man ? molina touche. ( sit down ) you be right . Men be mostly brute , but I love they . molina sip he tea and see Valentin grimace . molina why do you look at I that way ? you have no respect for I at all , do you ? you think I be just trash . 26 . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 27 . Valentin look , molina . I be not feel well . ( indicate opposite cell ) who know when it 's my turn again . molina so build you strength . have some avocado . Valentin no thanks . molina do you really think eat this avocado will make you spoiled and weak ? that much self - discipline be ridiculous . relax . enjoy what life offer you . Valentin when you join the revolution , there 's no time for pleasure . gratify the sense become secondary . the only thing I enjoy be serve a cause that be noble . molina what kind of a cause be that ? one that do not let you eat a avocado ? Valentin ( smile ) molina , you would never understand . molina try I . Valentin look , in order to live with myself , thing must change in this country . work for that be my only pleasure . and I can get that pleasure anywhere , right here in this cell , even during torture . if you want I to spell it out in one word , I be a marxist . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 28 . molina marxist , fascist , capitalist . who care ? they be all just fancy way to hide you fear of pleasure . the only important thing be what you can see and touch . a hot cup of tea , a soft bed , a warm lover . Valentin I know you would not understand . life be more important that a cup of tea . molina well , maybe you be right , but I only have only one life . how many do you have ? Valentin ( bitter smile ) touche . Valentin turn away , deep in think . CUT to : int . prison corridor - day two guard walk down the corridor and open a cell door . guard let 's go . the warden want to see you . today 's you lucky day . the man who step out be molina . he be lead away . CUT to : ext . prison courtyard - day a massive wall with small bar window face the courtyard where prisoner be play soccer . at one window , two hand reach up and grab the bar . between the hand , Valentin 's face slowly raise into view . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 29 . Valentin ( stage whisper ) rafael . can you hear I ? rafael ! be you okay ? rafael ( 0.s. ) Valentin . Valentin be you okay ? the camera pan along the wall to the window of the next cell . rafael , 38 , have the withdraw face of a political prisoner . rafael they will not let I sleep . Valentin ( 0.s. ) who 's the new guy across the hall ? rafael I do not know . I can not take this much longer . I be so afraid . the camera pan back to Valentin 's window . Valentin we be all afraid . rafael ( 0.s. ) no . I mean I be afraid I will talk . Valentin 's face fill with pain . Valentin you will make it , rafael . we be stronger than they . CUT to : montage : prison routine --- a new guard enter the watch tower . --- prisoner sunbathe in the courtyard . --- molina talk to the warden . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 30 . --- prisoner mop the visit - room floor . --- a guard shove letter inside cell door . --- Valentin pick up a letter and open it . --- the sun set behind the prison wall . CUT to : int . cell - night two bowl of black - bean stew be push through the food slot in they cell door . molina get up , but Valentin beat he to the door . Valentin great . I be starve . Valentin offer one bowl to molina . molina no , you take the big one . it have twice as much as yours . Valentin no , they want we to fight over it . molina ( insist ) but you need you strength . Valentin do not fight . that 's what they want . besides , I hate this crap . molina , extremely disturb , accept the larger portion . Valentin start to eat and notice molina toy with he food . Valentin what 's the matter ? not hungry ? molina no , no . molina swallow two spoonfuls of the stew . Valentin open he letter while eat . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 31 . molina why will not you tell I who it 's from ? you mother , you sweetheart ? what 's the big secret , anyway ? Valentin pocket the letter . Valentin why do the warden want to see you ? molina I tell you . I may be parole soon . Valentin a lawyer tell you that . not the warden . molina the warden have just hear the rumor himself . it 's far from definite . he call I in because my mother 's doctor phone from the hospital . she may be die . I would rather not talk about it . ( sigh ) imagine the shame of have a son in prison . and the reason . Valentin finish you stew . it will make you feel better . molina no , only one thing can help , to tell my movie . do you mind ? Valentin ( grudgingly ) sure , man . go ahead . molina man ! be there a man here ? do not let he go . where be he ? Valentin ( exasperate smile ) okay , cut the crap and tell you dumb movie . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 32. molina set down he bowl and stand up . molina wait in the moonlight behind the cabaret be Werner 's limousine . Long , sleek , shiny ... with two crisp Nazi flag on the fender . Werner 's eye be fix on the stage door . CUT to : int . limousine - night ( nazi movie ) Werner see leni and the blonde step outside and wave goodbye . as leni approach the limousine , Werner open the door . werner thank you for accept my invitation . leni ( sit down ) I need a drink . Werner motion the chauffeur to drive and open the wine cabinet in he limo . werner nothing be better than rhein wine . the finest in all Germany . leni I prefer champagne . it 's french . they eye meet , testing each other 's determination . CUT to : ext . paris STREET - night ( nazi movie ) the blonde hurry along the wet sidewalk . a car follow she in the darkness . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 33 . voice of molina meanwhile , the blonde hurry to meet a german Lieutenant , the father of she unborn child . but the clubfoot have decide she be a traitor , maybe even a spy , because she cannot get a map to the secret german arsenal . the blonde look across the street and see she lover in a second floor window . she step off the curb . the car suddenly accelerate , and hurtle toward she . turn in horror , she see the clubfoot at the wheel . the car race off into the darkness , leave the blonde 's lifeless body sprawle on the wet pavement . we see the face of the horrify german Lieutenant in the window . CUT to : int . cell - night Valentin 's face : he be stunne but quickly hide it . molina , catch up in he story , do not notice . molina the smoke- fill restaurant be small , but extremely elegant ... CUT to : int . chic restaurant - night ( nazi movie ) Werner and leni sip champagne , stare into each other 's eye . werner ( seductive smile ) this french resistance of yours can never do we real harm . but if it do not stop , it will destroy you country . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 34 . leni perhaps . but nothing matter if France can not be free . and it will be . werner ( laugh ) I be not offended . I like you arrogance . everyone love they country . if it be otherwise , I would not trust you . ( lift he glass ) here 's to a great artiste . leni lift she glass . voice of molina Valentin ? be you listen ? CUT to : int . cell night Valentin be lose in he own thought . molina stand up . molina you do this just to spit in my face , and you love it , do not you ? why do you humiliate I so ? how can you leave I dangle like this , all alone , flap my arm like some empty scarecrow . molina snap he finger near Valentin 's face . Valentin strange . when the blonde be kill , I -- . it be chill . molina be elate to discover that Valentin 's distraction be a tribute to he story - tell prowess . molina it 's only a movie , Valentin . just one of mother 's many storey . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 35 . Valentin yeah . but I keep think about my friend . the same thing could happen to she . molina tell I about she . my lip be seal . Valentin I be so helpless in here . with no way to protect she . molina so you have a hea vai sure , like a leak weakness that can mo listen , it 's not to she , tell she tell she to stop vai if you think like never change anyt mo climb off you hii really , do not be Valentin display welt on vai you call this pho mo no , forgive I . vai some day the stru mo do not worry , you ' I be sure . rt after all . lentin y faucet , a 't be turn off . lina weakness . write how you feel , take chance . lentin that , you will hing in this world . lina gh horse , darling . such a phony . he arm . lentin ny ? lina lentin ggle will be win . lina 11 have you day , convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 36 . Valentin no , my day be over . no one know where I be . I can not remember how long I have be here . and if anyone try to save I , they would hide my secret arrest by kill I on the spot . ( look down ) I be as good as dead already . molina Valentin , please , do not say that . look at my hand , they be shaking . Valentin the same thing could be happen to she . right now . molina you true feeling , at last . you love she very much , do not you ? Love should always come first . it 's so beautiful when lover be together for a lifetime . why be it always so impossible ? Valentin ( of fend ) what be you talk about ? look how you live . how can someone like you know anything about true love ? molina please , you be not the only one who 's suffer . I be no stranger to true love . do you know how hard it be to find a real man ? one who 's humble , and yet have dignity ? CUT to : ext . bar district - night ( flashback ) a listless molina amble the narrow street , he sad eye fill with emptiness . his companion , three middle - age homosexuals , be cruise the crowd . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 37 . they darting eye scrutinize the pass teenage boy . molina ( v.0 . ) how many year be I search . when I jump ship , I be hardly more than a boy . how many day do I write letter for the sad and lonely . and how many night do I look into eye fill with scorn and deceit . so many night , so many face . night after night . Year after year . molina glance into a restaurant and stop in he track . his eye be rivete on a waiter in a white tunic . it be Gabriel . molina ( v.0 . ) and then , finally -- there he be ... molina move toward the Restaurant as if draw by a magnet . as he companion continue down the street , the one name greta glance back . greta c'mon louisa , you sister 's ina hurry . molina ( wave he off ) I will see you tomorrow . molina enter the restaurant and sit at a table . Gabriel approach with a menu . gabriel good evening , senhor . would you care for a menu , or be you ready to order ? molina , too nervous to speak , accept the menu . Gabriel be call to another table by a woman patron , who be extremely upset . molina ( v.0 . ) my heart be pound in terror , so afraid I would be disappointed ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 38 . molina ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) again . but when I see how he handle she , I know I be right . she curse he over and over , but nothing could break he composure . he refuse to be humiliate . here , in such a sleaze-hole , among this bicker slut , he maintain the dignity of a Prince . Gabriel return to take molina 's order . gabriel be you ready for I , senhor ? molina what do you suggest ? gabriel perhaps the lasagna and antipasto . molina do not you think lasagna might be fatten ? gabriel perhaps senhor would prefer steak and onion soup . molina ( return the menu ) sound wonderful . molina watch Gabriel walk to the kitchen window to place the order . molina ( v.0 . ) I go back , night after night . I begin to order three dish , then four , then five , just to have he near I . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 39 . int . restaurant - late night ( flashback ) molina be seat at a different table which be cover with several entree , all partially eat . Gabriel approach to remove the dish . gabriel have you finish , senhor molina ? molina you work so hard , Gabriel . it 's almost close time . why do not you take a break and join I for coffee ? gabriel ( curt ) sorry , I do not fraternize with the clientele . molina watch Gabriel leave with the dirty dish . molina ( v.0 . ) but I refuse to give up . I go back month after month . until finally , one night ... CUT to : ext . bar district - night ( flashback ) the bar be close . molina be walk Gabriel to he bus-stop . gabriel I be too tired to talk , senhor molina . molina can not you call I Lewis ? we have know each other more than a year . gabriel I be too tired to talk , Lewis . molina tell I , Gabriel . why do you always look so unhappy ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 40 . gabriel because I be . I hate my job . I earn almost nothing . molina I have some money . let I help you . as a friend . gabriel ( firmly ) no thank you . TI only like woman . woman be the best thing in the world . molina I totally agree . woman be the best thing in the world . that 's why I want to be a woman . Gabriel laugh affectionately . molina smile . CUT to : int . cell - night Valentin laugh affectionately . molina smile . Valentin you be a real character , molina . molina and finally , after more than a year , we become friend . that be three year ago . Valentin Jesus , do it take another year to get he in the sack ? molina ( stunne ) be you out of you mind ? nothing at all happen . ever ! Valentin you gotta be kid . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org molina do not you understand anything at all ? he 's straight . he 's just very lonely , so I have to satisfy myself with be friend . I wish I could make he not worry about anything at all , nothing except for himself , until he lose all that sadness of he for good . would not that be marvelous ? Valentin yeah , but not very realistic . I do not believe this , here I be , stay up all night think about you boyfriend . be he marry ? molina yes , but not to I . I wish he be , for the rest of my life . Valentin lay down and look at the ceiling . 41 . Valentin sound like a real bind . ( indicate cell ) I know what you mean . all you can do be take it like a man . molina not I , darling . woman . always . a husband who 's t I take it like a that 's why I want he boss . Valentin ( grin ) you be just a old - fashioned bourgeois sexist . molina what else can I do ? ( confide ) I need to feel danger with man . and it do not work unless he 's straight . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 42 . Valentin I guess you be really fuck . or rather , not fuck . molina well , if that 's you attitude -- ( groan ) oh my God . molina grab he stomach and double over in pain . Valentin what 's wrong ? molina my stomach . stab pain . all over my stomach . Valentin what be it , appendicitis ? molina no , I already have mine out . Valentin you gonna throw up ? maybe it 's the food . molina no , it feel like my old ulcer act up again . I just get to keep talk . let I see , where be we ? oh yes , you be upset when the blonde get run over . okay , one hour later ... with great effort , molina lift he head and resume . CUT to : ext . leni' apartment - night ( nazi movie ) leni stand at the front door , wave goodbye to Werner in he limousine . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 43. voice of molina leni linger at the window , so sad , so alone , so afraid that she will fall in love ... suddenly a hand reach from the shadow and muffle she scream . it be the clubfoot . CUT to : int . leni' apartment - night ( nazi movie ) the clubfoot sit on the sofa arm . leni pace nervously . clubfoot you girlfriend be a traitor . now she 's a dead traitor . and the same for you , if you do not get the map . he suddenly grab she wrist and embrace she . she do not resist . clubfoot that kraut can not keep he hand off you , eh cheri ? next time he touch you like this -- ( fondle she ) -- and like this , think of you country . and get the map . leni have grasp a statuette of ' justice ' from a endtable . she hammer he skull and flee . CUT to : ext . paris STREET - night ( nazi movie ) leni run desperately through the dark street . the clubfoot hobble after she , he face stream blood . she dash toward a wait taxi . CUT to : int . cell - night molina sit on the edge of the bed , hunch over , both arm wrap around he stomach . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 44 , molina the taxi race into the night . leni pull something from she pocket . it be Werner 's name card . what can she do ? trapped between the enemy and the killer . and now , she ... she ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 45 . page miss from script : a page or part of a page of the only available US copy be miss here . this situation be not unusual ' , many of the script hold in the library or file of major studio and production company have miss material , a fact that clearly illustrate the expendability of the screenplay once the true text , the film itself , have be make . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 46 . doctor that 's what they all say . get go . molina but it 's important . doctor yeah , it always be . he motion for two guard to escort molina away . they do . CUT to : int . cell - night molina lie on he bunk , look much better . Valentin , building he strength , do sit-up on the floor , but be still too weak to do many without rest . Valentin one thing I do not understand . how can you pass out from a ulcer ? molina I be no spring chicken , darling . I do not have you strength . Valentin ( resume sit - up ) neither do I . but it 's come back . ( pause ) do the Doctor say anything else ? molina forget the Doctor . would you be happy to see you woman come through this door , in the middle of the night ? Valentin of course . molina so be Werner . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 47. molina ( cont 'd ) leni come through the door like a goddess , she evening gown revealing she heaving bosom and full - body figure ... Valentin stop exercise and stare out the window at the night . Valentin no . she 's thin , with long leg . molina not in this movie . that 's all in you head . Valentin if you can " embroider " it , so can i. molina okay . her , uh , thin body tremble at the sight of Werner , descend the marble staircase . CUT to : int . chateau - night ( nazi movie ) Werner descend from the mezzanine in he baroque chateau . leni stand next to the butler in the vestibule . voice of molina they eye meet . leni say , " my best friend have be kill . I need a place to stay . " werner ( to butler ) prepare the guest room . Werner take she hand and lead she into the salon . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 48 . int . salon - night ( nazi movie ) the lavish salon be fill with monumental Nazi sculpture and painting . leni gaze at they in the candle - light . SOUND of " sigfry " by wagner . werner you hand be tremble . be you cold ? leni this music be magical . I feel like I be float on air . they continue toward a immense portrait of Hitler , flanke by Nazi banner . werner the wave of violin be like the water of the german River which be navigate by a man-god . a man who fear nothing ... because he love for he motherland make he as invincible as a god . Hitler 's eye sparkle in the candlelight , as if alive . CUT to : int . cell - night Valentin , amused , sit up . Valentin you get it backwards , molina . Germans always say fatherland . molina this be mother 's movie , and she will tell it she way . CUT to : int . werner' salon - night ( nazi movie ) leni stare hypnotically at Hitler 's portrait . Werner stand behind she , as if whisper in she ear . the wagner music swell . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 49 . propaganda film image be superimposed over they face : Olympic athlete with massive physique carry torch ; endless column of virile youth march in perfect order ; a mass rally stand at rigid attention . werner the german resurrection be a masculine endeavor . leni what about the woman ? werner a woman who bear five child for the Reich make a great contribution than the finest scientist . superimpose image of Nazi military power : tank , armored vehicle , march soldier , cheer throng . werner ( v.o. ) we army will liberate the entire world from inferiority and imperfection . from the Jews , from the Communists , from the vatican . until everyone worship this god as they rightful leader . superimpose a film of Hitler make a speech . then a film of Hitler kissing a child . end superimposition . leni be entrance . she turn to Werner with a tentative kiss . his eye brim with tear . leni oh , Werner . you have the invincibility of a god , but you tear -- they kiss again . CUT to : int . cell - night molina sit on he bed in a trance , he arm embrace empty space . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 50 . molina ( play leni ) you tear be proof that you have the feeling of a man ... Valentin , kneel by the door , peer through the food slot . Valentin quiet ! I can not hear . he sees : Guards return the prisoner across the corridor . the prisoner wear only shoe , blood-stain underpant and the hood . he have the leg of a old man . his skin be cover with welt and cigarette burn . Valentin bang on the door with he metal cup . Valentin killer ! fascist killer ! the SOUND of more prisoner join the protest . Valentin see the shoe of one Guard face he own doorway . suddenly a stream of urine splashes through the food slot . wiping he face , Valentin jump to he foot and kick the steel door . Valentin motherfucker ! the SOUND of the guard laugh as they leave . Valentin , furious , spin around and hurl he metal cup at molina 's head . molina duck . Valentin stalk towards he . Valentin you son of a bitch ! they be kill one of my Brothers , and what be I do ? listen to you fuck Nazi movie ! molina clutches he pillow to he chest . Valentin rip it from he arm and fling it aside . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 51 . Valentin do not you know anything ? do not you know what the Nazis do to people -- Jews , Catholic , marxist ? molina what do you take I for , a even dumber broad than I be ? of course , I know . Valentin ( raise fist ) you do not know shit . and you movie do not know shit . you would not know reality if it be stick up you ass . molina retreat from the fist , he back hit the wall . molina so what ? why should I think about reality in a stinkhole like this ? why should I get more depressed than I be ? Valentin back away , he anger turn ice-cold . Valentin you be worse than I think . you just use this movie to jerk yourself off . and you want to jerk off on I . molina retrieve he pillow and clutches it again . molina if you do not stop , I will never speak to you again . not even ' good morning . Valentin be that a promise ? molina how can you treat I like this ? I be just a harmless old woman . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 52 . Valentin you be no woman . you be just a cheap imitation . molina throw the pillow at Valentin . molina I be a woman . I have everything a woman have and more . molina drop he pants . Valentin ( point ) and what 's that ? a giant clitoris ? furious , molina grab he genitals and reach for a spoon . molina this be a accident . get meat knife and I will cut it off . Valentin go ahead . you would still be aman . a naked man in a prison cell , just like the homosexual who the Nazis shove in the oven . on the brink of tear , molina scoops up he trousers to cover he genitals . molina leave I alone . molina throw the spoon at Valentin 's foot and slump on he bunk , he face to the wall . tear spill from he eye . CUT to : int . hospital - day ( flashback ) tear stream down molina 's face . he be in handcuffs , follow he mother as two intern wheel she along a hospital corridor . her face be half - conceal by a oxygen mask . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 53 . molina mama , forgive I , I know it 's my fault . I have give you nothing but sorrow . I will be out soon , mama , and I will take care of you . she be wheeled into the emergency room . the door be shut in molina 's face . CUT to : ext . montage of the CITY - day the sky be dark with black cloud . lightn streak across the skyline . the entire city be drench in pour rain . --- rain inundate ship at the empty dock . --- torrent of rainwater gush along the street of the bar District . --- back - up sewer flood a chic avenue . --- Three woman run to a bus with they shoe in they hand . --- Water cascade down hill cover with slum shack . --- lightn explode above the prison . CUT to : int . cell - night molina sit on he bunk , he back to the wall , wrap in he blanket . one plate of food come through the Valentin keep read while he eat . molina watch he in silence . lightn flash outside the window . molina I have not see my mother for so long . I wonder how she be . if she die , they would have to inform I , right ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 54. Valentin keep on eat . molina I can not stand the silence . say something . anything . Valentin say nothing . molina look , leni do not want to fall in love with Werner , but she do . have not you ever love someone you do not want to love ? Valentin leave I alone . molina I can not take this silence anymore . I will tell my movie even if you hate I . CUT to : int . cabaret dressing room - night ( nazi movie ) the room be empty . SOUND of applause . voice of molina leni finish she last song to thunderous applause . she enter and start to undress . then she see the clubfoot in the dress - table mirror . clubfoot you time be up . where 's the map ? leni say nothing . the clubfoot push aside a rack of gowns , revealing a schoolboy bound and gag . clubfoot you have get 48 hour . or you cousin will die . leni offer the clubfoot she jewel box . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 55 . leni here , take it . take anything . just leave we alone . clubfoot you know what I want . leni why do you do this ? you say you be fight for France , but everyone you kill be french ! clubfoot I do not start this . they send we people to the gas chamber every day . and who put they on the train ? you sweet lover ! leni that 's a lie ! he would never do anything like that . CUT to : int . cell - dark , day Valentin lie on he bunk , he face to the wall . molina , wrap in he blanket , gaze at the back of Valentin 's head . molina you see , Valentin ? I know who Werner be . Valentin roll over , clutching he stomach . his face be chalk - white . Valentin get I some water . molina rush to kneel beside Valentin 's bunk . molina what be it ? what 's wrong ? Valentin I do not know . my stomach . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 56 . molina how do it feel ? Valentin like a bomb explode . molina mother of God , the same thing I have . molina go to pour a cup of water . molina but when I have it , you think it be a joke . molina return with the water . Valentin sit up . Valentin I think it 's the food . ( groan ) prison food be crap , but this feel like dead rat and maggot . molina hand he the water and walk to the door . molina you must go the infirmary right now . ( pound door ) Guard ! Valentin no! stop. convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 57 . page miss from script : a page or part of a page of the only available US copy be miss here . this situation be not unusual ; many of the script hold in the library or file of major studio and production company have miss material , a fact that clearly illustrate the expendability of the screenplay once the true text , the film itself , have be make . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 58 . molina it 's okay . go to sleep . Valentin what time be it ? molina just go to sleep . Valentin close he eye . molina tenderly adjust the blanket . CUT to : int . prison corridor - dawn the guard be conduct the morning bed check . the door oven . we see Valentin , pale and gaunt , hang onto molina 's shoulder . molina Lewis molina ! Valentin ( whisper ) Valentin arregui ... molina keep he from fall . the door clamp shut . CUT to : int . warden' office - day the warden 's office be a spacious room overlook the prison courtyard . the warden , 42 , wear a tropical business suit , watch molina use the phone on he large desk . molina ( teary - eye ) do not worry , mama . soon we will be home , and it will be just like before . the warden check he wristwatch . warden enough , molina . you will just make she weaker . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 59 . molina mama , I have to say goodbye . ( pause ) I love you too , mama . molina hang up the phone and start to leave . molina ( wiping he eye ) thank you , warden . God bless you . warden she must be happy to hear you might be parole . molina she say she send I some food . do you know where it be ? warden we have not see it . I be sorry . molina be not you make a mistake with Valentin ? warden that 's not you worry , molina . worry about you mother . the warden motion molina to leave . he do . CUT to : int . cell - night a single meal stand near the food-slot . molina and Valentin stare at the steaming bowl . despite he pain , Valentin go to pick it up . molina you should not eat that garbage , while you be sick . Valentin sniff the food and examine it closely . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org Valentin it look okay . they have boil it for hour . molina be you sure ? Valentin ( sit ) I be famish . I have gotta get my strength back . molina what if it make you worse ? Valentin I have get no choice . molina , feel helpless , watch he eat . Valentin tastes like dog piss . molina so do not eat it . Valentin if it 's another bomb , I hope it blow this pig-sty to bit . ( indicate prison ) I would like to see the whole damn thing disappear from the earth forever . molina lean forward with a smile . molina how lucky you be , cinderella . here be the fairy godmother who will grant you wish . her storey can make anything vanish with a poof . ( indicate prison ) even this , my poor little valentina . Valentin do not call I valentina . I be not a woman . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 61 . molina eyeball Valentin 's crotch . molina well , I have never see proof to the contrary . Valentin and you never will . molina anyway ... the clubfoot have tell leni that -- Valentin shit , do not you know any other movie ? molina not until I finish this one . Valentin then cut it short . this one make I sick . molina do not worry , you will like this part . CUT to : int . werner' bedroom - day ( nazi movie ) leni awake on silk sheet in a giant antique bed . she reach for Werner and realize he be go . she notice the bedroom phone off the hook . curious , she step to the window and pick up the receiver . voice of molina the mere sound of Werner 's voice make she smile with adoration . he be give order with crisp efficiency . when she be about to hang up , she hear he coldly order the execution of a dozen french freedom - fighter . leni drop the phone . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 62. voice of molina her smile turn to horror . her sand - castle dream be demolish by a tidal wave of agony . the sad beauty of she reflection in the window be distort by the raindrop which resemble she tear . suddenly , Werner embrace she and propose marriage . although she agree , she heart know she can never love a cold -heart butcher . as he wipe away she tear , she decide to avenge she country by steal the map . CUT to : int . werner' chateau - day ( nazi movie ) Werner host a gather of german official and wive in the glass - enclose garden . leni be alone in Werner 's adjacent office , sing at the grand piano . as she conclude , the Germans applaud for a encore . leni put a record on the phonograph . the Germans , again enrapture , be unaware that she performance be now a recording . quickly , leni find a key and unlock Werner 's desk . as she rifle through papers , Werner 's old butler approach the office . as he stop to adjust he watch , leni find the map . she slip back to the piano and resume sing , just as the butler enter the office . CUT to : int . cell - night molina , act the part of leni , kneel at the foot of Valentin 's bed . as if play a piano , he run he finger along the metal frame . molina as she play the sad song , she tear spill onto the piano key . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 63 . molina ( cont 'd ) the song grow more heart - break as she hand tremble with the agony of betray the man she love . Valentin suddenly curl up with pain , then relax . Valentin oh God ... it 's like nail be hammer into my gut . ( pause ) that 's better . do I a favor and stop all this crap about traitor and betrayal . molina , shifting gear , open he shirt in a effort to make he laugh . molina leni 's heart be beat so fast that she swell breast pop out of she low - cut gown . like luscious hor d'oeuvre on a silver platter . molina use he lipstick to draw a pair of breast on he chest . Valentin chuckle . Valentin do not make I laugh . it hurt . on he knee , molina scoot around the bed to Valentin 's face . molina help yourself to a nice juicy tit , senhor . please have another . the best place serve they in pair . Valentin break into laughter . suddenly , he eye snap open in pain . he clutches he pants and nod at the shit bucket in the corner . Valentin the bucket ! Quick ! molina dash to get the bucket . Valentin struggle to he foot and tug at he zipper . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 64 . diarrhea fill he trousers . Valentin collapse on the floor , cover he face in shame . Valentin oh no -- ! molina be you okay ? Holy Mary , what a smell . Valentin ( groan ) I be sorry . you can not imagine how it hurt . molina of course , I can . just let it all out . it can not smell any worse than it do already . Valentin ( clench fist ) God , I can not stand this . Valentin tremble on the floor . molina , see he anger , stay a few step away . molina you have be through much worse , my boy . you be the one always say take it like a man . Valentin but the shame . I hate it . I hate myself . Valentin unclench he fist to hide he tear . molina what 's do be do . just take off you trousers and clean up . kneel down , molina slide off Valentin 's soile trousers and underpant . he toss they beside the shit - bucket and grab the short stack of fold toilet paper . molina here . clean yourself . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 65 . Valentin struggle to remove the glob from he buttock . molina wipe the brown liquid from he ankle . despondent , Valentin stop strain to reach behind he back . molina , take over , clean he thigh and buttock with maternal concern . Valentin ( cover he face ) Jesus , be not you disgust ? molina no , it break my heart to see you like this . we be almost finish . there . now take off you shirt . the shirttail be soile . sitting up , Valentin remove he shirt . his back be cover with black - and - blue welt . molina pull the sheet from he own bed and move to wrap it around Valentin 's naked body . Valentin no , it will stink . tenderly insistent , molina help he struggle to he foot . molina do not worry . my weekly shower be tomorrow . I will have everything wash by noon . there you be , just like a papoose . molina wrap the bed sheet around he like a toga and help he crawl back in bed . molina feel better ? Valentin yes , but I be so cold . molina I will get you some tea . Valentin , deeply touch , watch he pour a cup . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org Valentin you be very kind , honestly , I do not know what to say . molina this will work wonder . here . Valentin take the tin cup and point to the letter protrude from he book . Valentin thanks . go ahead and read it . I know you have be curious . molina no , I detest politics . I only read love letter . Valentin they have already censor the Politics . it 's from my girlfriend . molina scan the envelope and unfold the page . molina her name be elsa ? Valentin no , that 's a false name . molina be she name marta ? Valentin why do you say that ? molina that 's what you mumble in you sleep . Valentin ( worried ) what else do I mumble ? molina nothing . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 67 . Valentin can you read she write ? she 's a architect . pure bourgeoisie . I be such a bastard . I think I only fall in love with she because she 's upper-class . molina Love make its own law . Valentin so do the revolution . we could only meet when there be a lull in the struggle . whenever I be force to leave , she suffer every day until I get back . the same as I be now . CUT to : int . marta' apartment - day ( flashback ) marta , 28 , be in bed , she face radiant in the sunlight . the camera pan slowly down she nude body . Valentin be kissing she side . as he hand slide down , she leg slowly open . Valentin ( v.o. ) she want I to leave the movement . but how could I do nothing when my friend be disappear , and the military be destroy the last freedom we have leave ? the lover embrace . SOUND of the doorbell . CUT to : int . marta' apartment - day ( flashback ) the front door be open with the safety chain lock . marta , in a bathrobe , address someone in the hall . marta no , we break up . he never come here anymore . please do not bother I again . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 68 . as marta close the door , Valentin suddenly appear and open it . Valentin rafael , be this really important ? rafael yes . it be the same rafael from the next - door cell . CUT to : int . marta' bathroom - day ( flashback ) Valentin be brush he tooth . marta step from the shower and brushes she hair beside he . Valentin stop and stare at she reflection . CUT to : int . marta' live room - day ( flaseback ) they be eat breakfast on a glass coffee table . marta begin cry softly and try to conceal it . Valentin , deeply distress , step onto the terrace with he coffee cup . Valentin ( v.0 . ) we be try to build a relationship without exploitation . but once again I make she suffer . once again , we argue . she , to forget she fear . I , to forget my quilt . marta wipe she tear and join he on the terrace . Valentin come here . kiss I . thing be what they be . I will be back ina few day . marta move forward to accept he kiss , then stop . marta today I be cry , but never again . I can not take any more of this . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 69 . Valentin embrace she . marta if you leave , do not come back . as they embrace , she begin cry softly on he shoulder . Valentin 's eye brim with tear . CUT to : ext . STREET - day ( flashback ) Valentin walk through rush-hour crowd and approach a train station . Valentin ( v.o . ) I have to leave , but I know she be right . I do not know how many more day I would walk this crowded street ... or how much longer I could see this sad face , all this honest people plodd to work in they wear - out suit . CUT to : int . train - day ( flashback ) the camera pan across the tired face of the commuter . Valentin ( v.o . ) I wonder why I be bear in this land where everyone become weak and weary ... Valentin stare out the window at the pass slum . Valentin ( v.o . ) I wonder why we land be doom to so much misery and death . I wonder if it would ever end . through the train window : Beyond the slum be giant factory . xerox , goodyear , petrobras , volkswagen , votorantin , remington . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org Valentin ( v.o . ) as a journalist , I be always hearing about the illegal arrest and leak this information abroad . although I no longer believe in violence , my assignment be to meet one of the last remain member of the armed opposition . his code name be " americo . " he need my passport to leave the country . ext . train station - day ( flashback ) Valentin step onto the platform , look around and 70 . CUT to : approach a older man . americo , 62 , wear a wear - out suit . they shake hand warmly . Valentin be you okay ? americo a little tired . Valentin you should have leave long ago , Doctor americo . americo I do not know how to live anywhere else . ( point down ) this be where I be need . Valentin I keep wonder if it 's all worth it -- when nothing change . americo my son , the main thing be to keep try . or it will never change . Valentin but what have you gun accomplish ? maybe we struggle be just a impossible dream . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 71 . americo maybe so . maybe not . the only thing that matter be never be satisfied with thing the way they be . a train enter the station . Valentin take a brown envelope from he pocket . Valentin well , good luck . here 's the passport . take care of yourself . they shake hand and americo board the train . as it leave , Valentin get on the escalator . Valentin ( v.0 . ) I wonder what keep he go . I think he be wrong , but I have to respect he . I could see a candle burn inside he that nothing in the world could put out . I be glad I could help he . reaching street level , Valentin step from the station . park nearby be a black car . plain-clothes agent jump out with gun . Valentin try to run but more men with gun emerge from another car . he stop and raise he arm . grabbing he , they handcuff he wrist behind he back and push he toward a truck . across the street , he sees : marta , rafael and another man be be pull from a black car and shove toward the truck . Agents place a hood over rafael 's head and shove he inside the truck . Valentin , grief-strick , gaze at marta . as she return he gaze , Agents approach Valentin with a hood and put it on . the screen turn black . CUT to : int . cell - night Valentin lay in he bunk , wrap in molina 's bedsheet . he look exhaust and depressed . molina lean forward from he own bed . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 72 . molina what happen to she ? Valentin stare at the ceiling in silence . molina where be she now ? Valentin cover he eye with he hand . Valentin the letter do not say . I have not hear another word since that day . ( deep breath ) she 's probably in prison . totally innocent . her only guilt be loving I . love this half - dead bastard who make she suffer . I should just go ahead and die . molina Valentin , do not even say that . Valentin cover he eye with both hand . Valentin ( tight -lipped ) since my interrogation begin , there 's be another kind of torturer inside I , who keep say this agony after agony be the last thing I will ever feel . ( choke back tear ) I do not deserve to die in this cell . I only confess some code name they already know . molina just let it out . Valentin I can not take be a martyr , it infuriate I . I do not want to be a martyr ... ( muffle sob ) I will never see she again ... never touch she , hold she ... my whole life , a mistake . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 73. Valentin finally uncover he moist eye . he look at molina and extend he hand . Valentin hold my hand . molina take he hand and sit on the edge of the bed . Valentin I do not want to die , molina . do not let I die . molina you will not die . Valentin but look at I . what can I do ? molina write she a letter . tell she you love she . ( stand up ) I will get some paper . tell I what to say . Valentin " dear marta . even if you never receive this letter , please forgive I ... " no , start over . " I have no right to ask you to forgive I , I love ... " start again . ( begin to cry ) I can not do it . I smell like a sewer , my gut be on fire , my skin itches all over . molina you should take a bath . I will warm some water . time CUT : the water basin be be heat on the small kerosene burner . molina 's hand pick it up . he bring it to Valentin 's bed . like a mother bathing she child , molina dip a cloth in the water and wash Valentin 's chest . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 74 . Valentin gaze at the shadow cast on the wall by the burner . the camera pan to the flicker shadow . Valentin ( v.o. ) look at the shadow on the wall . molina ( 0.s. ) mmm , be not they beautiful ? I always watch they . Valentin ( 0.s. ) I would never notice . ) CUT to : int . warden' office - day the warden lean back in he chair and watch the smoke rise from he cigar . molina stand in front of the large desk . warden try to answer the question , molina . have you hear anything at all ? molina no , sir . I can not rush it . if I be not careful , he will get -- warden do not worry , molina . he will never get suspicious . that 's why we choose you . seat by a window be pedro , 26 , a undercover agent dress like a grad student . he be the same agent who out the handcuffs on Valentin . pedro you be hide something , be not you ? molina I ? why would I do anything to risk the pardon you promise I ? ( almost in tear ) I nearly die of diarrhea . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org molina ( cont 'd ) that be not we arrangement . you say the poison would be in the new bowl , but the other bowl be half - empty and he insisted I take the full one . if I refuse , he would have become suspicious and -- the warden push a kleenex box across the desk . warden we know , molina . we be sorry it happen . have a seat . sitting down , molina use several tissue to wipe he nose and dab he eye . molina how can you accuse I when you know I almost die for you ? warden cheer up , molina . you mother 's feel a lot better since hearing about you pardon . they tell I she 's practically a new person . molina have to wipe he nose again . pedro approach . pedro what do Valentin say about he cadre ? molina ( puzzle ) his what ? pedro his group . the movement . who they be , where they meet . molina nothing , sir . not a word . pedro what do he talk about ? 75 . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org molina almost nothing . he get weaker every day . if eat get any more poison , I do not know what will happen . warden that 's we business . here . the warden slide he a cup of coffee . pedro do he show you the letter he get ? molina yes , sir . it be personal . a love letter . pedro do you read the part about he uncle americo ? molina yes . he go to visit a farm or something . pedro that 's a code phrase , tell he americo have disappear . how do he react ? molina nothing , sir . ( sip coffee ) so he be right . he know that you would read it first . he tell I . pedro of course , you idiot . what do he say about the new prisoner ? the one across the hall . molina the one who 's all mess up ? he go on and on about it . he say no crime in the world justify that kind of treatment . 76 . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 77 . pedro do he tell you he name ? molina ( puzzle ) of course , sir . Valentin arregui . pedro no , you idiot ! the name of the new prisoner ! molina ( frighten ) of course not . he 's always wear a hood . pedro , furious , glare at the warden . pedro who put a hood on he ? warden ( worried ) the guard . it 's routine . he 's political . pedro dammit , how do you expect he to talk if he can not even see the bastard 's face ? warden it will not happen again . turn , pedro see molina distract by the remain of last month 's Christmas tinsel . again it be difficult to tell if molina be really a fool -- or if , always a actor , he sometimes play the fool . pedro molina . you remember when they kidnap the american ambassador ? ( molina nod ) we look like idiot in the foreign press . we gotta know everything they be plan . no matter how small . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 78 . pedro lift molina 's chin and glare into he eye . pedro as soon as he recognize the old guy across the hall , he will spill he gut . remember every damn word he say . molina yes , sir . pedro the quick he talk , the quick you get out . ( step back ) now get back to work . molina stand up to leave , then hesitates . molina one thing , warden . he hear the guard say my mother be visit , and I would tell he she always bring I a bag of grocery . the warden check with pedro , then pick up he pen . warden okay , molina . what do she bring ? molina ah , wonderful . let 's see , two roast chicken in butter , potato salad , can peach , condense milk . two box of tea -- one regular , one chamomile -- uh , four bar of toilet soap , a jar of pickle herring . what else ? bless Mary , my mind 's a blank . let I think ... # r=8r= CUT to : int . cell day a blanket , spread out on the floor , be cover with culinary delicacy . molina and Valentin be have a picnic . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 79 . Valentin ( between bite ) I be sure glad she 's feel better . molina yes , you must not eat prison food anymore . at least not until you be better . Valentin keep eat . molina , beam with delight , hide something behind he back . molina and now , la piece de resistance ! Close you eye . try to guess . Valentin comply with a smile . molina reveal a pastry . Valentin I have no idea . molina open you eye . Valentin ( beam ) Baba au rum ! I forget such thing still exist . molina pull it back , shaking a maternal finger . molina not so fast , young man . you can not eat anything so rich until you be better . I will save it for you . Valentin light a cigarette and lean against the wall , place he face in the rectangle of sunlight from the window . molina slide beside he , lean back and rub skin cream on he sun - light face . molina ( sing ) wrinkle , wrinkle , go away . Valentin ahhh . good cigarettes , good food . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 80 . Valentin ( cont 'd ) I can not remember when I feel so good . only one thing be miss . molina , hand on hip , affect a theatrical pose . molina really ! and they call I the degenerate around here ! Valentin ( smile ) no , I mean to wander the street and find a good movie . molina of course ! why do not I think of that ! Valentin you Nazi movie , how do it end ? molina I think you hate it . Valentin yeah , but I want to know how it turn out , to study how they make they propaganda . molina oh , stop complain . now , leni arrange to meet the clubfoot in a enormous museum fill with dinosaur skeleton and ... CUT to : int . museum of natural history - day ( nazi movie ) the clubfoot , the flunky and the hostage cousin wait near a large window . as leni approach , she cousin scream . cousin no , leni ! it 's treason ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 81 . the cousin grab the flunky and leap out the third floor window . people rush forward . in the confusion , leni flee with the map . voice of molina see what a good boy she cousin be ? CUT to : int . cell - dusk the sunlight be go , but they still sit side - by-side against the wall . molina a real hero , huh ? Valentin he double - cross the freedom fighter and you call it heroic ? the little shit be a Nazi collaborator . molina it 's a movie . do not take it so seriously . Valentin get up and lay on he bed . molina , act out leni 's role , reach for he metal cup . molina racked with shock and guilt , leni return to Werner 's chateau . during dinner , as he be notice she cold distance , she impulsively hurl she wine glass across the room . molina fling he tin cup at the wall . CUT to : int . werner' diningroom - night ( nazi movie ) molina 's cup turn into leni 's break goblet . she and Werner sit at a majestic table . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 82 . leni ( cry ) I refuse to love a man who be the butcher of my country . werner come with I and you will understand . CUT to : int . cell - night molina 's face . he spin he tale in the candlelight . molina Werner take she to a government archive of photo and document about famine throughout the world . he show she how the elite create false shortage to enslave the mass . CUT to : ext . nazi headquarters - day ( nazi movie ) super-imposed on molina 's face : leni and Werner exit the headquarters , flanke by massive doric column and Nazi flag . molina from that moment on , leni understand Werner 's mission to liberate humanity from injustice and domination . end super-imposition molina 's face . leni and Werner stand alone above the marble step . voice of molina leni beg he to forgive she and promise to help ensare he enemy . they embrace passionately . Nazi flag flap in the breeze . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 83 . ext . french farmhouse - day ( nazi movie ) the clubfoot 's car drive through the rain to a small farmhouse in a forest . he and leni get out and enter the house . Werner 's limousine stop nearby . voice of molina leni arrange a secret meeting with the leader of the resistance , by insist she will give the map only to he . CUT to : int . french farmhouse - day ( nazi movie ) the leader study the map in he upstairs office . smiling , he turn and violently slap she face . she land on the sofa . leader this map be a fake . as the leader approach , leni shove a small revolver into he chest and fire point-blank . he drop to she foot . she rush down the narrow stairway . from the top of the stair , the clubfoot shoot she in the back . Werner appear at the foot of the stair and shoot the clubfoot who topple forward . leni , grip the railing , stagger down the stair and collapse in Werner 's arm . his eye fill with tear . CUT to : int . cell night molina be in a trance . Valentin light a cigarette with the candle . molina the last scene be in Germany , in the magnificent pantheon of heroes . leni appear in a vision to Werner and sing like never before . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 84 . Valentin yeah , in german . molina she sing of she eternal love for he and beg he not to cry , because she sacrifice be not in vain . the end. ( turn ) well ? do you like it ? Valentin no , but you be a pretty good storyteller . next time tell one I like . I be go to sleep . Valentin blow out he candle . molina smile and blow out the other candle . CUT to : int . prison corridor - night two guard drag a limp body along the corridor . make excessive noise , they prop he against the wall and open a cell door . it be the torture old man again , but without the hood . it be americo . CUT to : int . cell - night Valentin be on he knee at the food-slot . he sees : the guard ' drag the old man into the cell and leave he on the floor . molina what 's go on ? Valentin ( stand up ) that guy be americo . molina who ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 85 . Valentin the man with my passport . ( turn away ) they do not know he 's here . molina who do not know ? Valentin , depressed , lean back against the wall . molina please , Valentin . maybe I can help . Valentin gaze into he eye . molina move closer . molina next time my mother visit , maybe I can get she to take out a message for you . ( no response ) tell I what to do . do not you trust I ? molina wait . Valentin look at the floor . int . prison corridor - day a prison work crew clean out americo 's cell . int . cell - day Valentin wake up . molina be make tea . molina Morning . sleep well ? Valentin sit up and stretch . Valentin great ! thanks to that food of yours . ( glance down ) turn the other way , will you ? molina why ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 86. Valentin because you will laugh . molina at what ? Valentin something on any healthy man , that 's all . especially when he first wake up and be get stronger molina a hard - on , well that 's healthy . ( turn ) should I close my eye too ? Valentin grab he trousers and tug they on , then reach for he shoe . Valentin my leg be hardly weak at all . molina do you still have any dizziness ? Valentin no , not a bit . ( look up ) hey , I miss breakfast . why do not you wake I ? molina I tell the guard not to bring anything as long as we food hold out . Valentin ( stand ) dammit , molina , stop mess up my life . I need my morning coffee , even if it 's make with dog piss . Valentin kneel by the door and peer through the foodslot . he sees : prisoner toss americo 's clothes and effect in the trash cart . Valentin he 's dead . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 87. molina they already take he away . I do not want to wake you . I will make you some tea . Valentin stand up , he face expressionless . molina take a package from he grocery bag . molina and now we open the little secret I have be save for we tea . marble cake ! Valentin you eat it . I 'ma prisoner , I will eat prison food . molina come on , let I spoil you a little bit . Valentin back off , molina . molina do not take it out on I . it 's not my fault they kill you friend . Valentin you dam faggot ! shut up ! Valentin kick the shit-bucket , which bounce off molina 's arm and topple the small burner . spill kerosene send flame across the floor . Valentin grab he blanket and quickly put they out . Valentin Jesus , I nearly ruin we stove . ( approach ) sorry , molina . do I hurt you arm ? molina do not touch I . do not worry about my arm . understand ? CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org int . prison corridor - day 88 . two guard escort molina down the hallway and open he cell door . int . cell - day he carry a new bag of grocery . CUT to : molina put down the bag and take out a heart - shape box . molina look at the wonderful thing mama bring I . glaze fruit ! Valentin , watch he , remain silent on he bunk . molina what 's this ? you do not like candy ? Valentin about this morning ... about my temper , I be really sorry . molina nonsense . Valentin it be not even yo but now I have be be mad at you . mo why ? vai well , because you do not want to fee treat you the sam molina approach and open Valentin motion for he to mo ( sing -song " unable to take , ( m u I be mad at , think maybe I lina lentin be so kind . 1 obligate to le way . I the heart - shape box of candy . stop . lina ) unable to give . " ore ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 89 . molina ( cont 'd ) ( offer candy ) just save I the pumpkin one . they be my favorite . as molina watch Valentin choose one , we hear molina 's voice but he lip do not move . voice of molina everyday he open up more and more with I . note : we leave and return to the candy in the cell as molina recall he latest meeting with the warden . CUT to : int . warden' office - day the curtain be draw . molina face the large desk . molina ( continue ) just give I a few more day . I be sure I will get the information . the warden and pedro approach . pedro if you do not , he will have to be interrogate again , and thoroughly . you understand my meaning ? molina yes , sir . CUT to : int . cell - day Valentin and molina sit on Valentin 's bed with they back against the wall . the heart - shape box be between they . molina well , that anyone involved ina struggle the way you be , you be ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 90 . molina ( cont 'd ) not suppose to become attach to any friend . ( Valentin nod ) see , sometimes I really do understand what you tell I . Valentin ( indicate cell ) but in this case , there be no struggle , no fight to win . the oppressor be out there . ( indicate door ) in here , no one oppress the other . so there 's no reason for we to be control by all the thing wrong with the world , all the thing I want to change . molina ( nibble candy ) I do not follow you . Valentin look , here we be , two of we lock up ail alone , so when it come to we relationship , how should I put it ? we could make any damn thing out of it we want . int . warden' office - day molina face the warden and pedro . molina he 's too weak to be torture , and if he drop dead , we all lose out . warden so make he talk . molina well , there might be a way to speed this up ... it 's hard to say ... it 's just a hunch ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 91 . warden ( exasperate ) say it straight , molina ! if we be not straight with each other , we will not get anywhere . molina you know inmate , sir . whena cell - mate leave , they feel all sentimental and helpless . well , he 's get a bit attach to I , so if he think I be be release , he 's bound to open up and talk . get a few thing off he chest . warden ( to pedro ) what do you think ? CUT to : int . cell - night the heart - shape box be almost empty . the dim lightbulb be on . they be still seat on Valentin 's bed . Valentin like I say , the problem for I be that -- through exhaustion or conditioning or whatever -- I can not take someone be nice to I without ask anything in return . molina well , if I be nice , it 's because I want you friendship , and , why not say it ?... you affection . the same as I want to be good to my mother who 's never harme anyone , and who take I for what I be and love I . it 's like a gift from heaven , and the only thing that keep I go , the only thing . and you too be a very good person , very selfless and devote , risk you life for a noble ideal , ready to die even in here for what you ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 92. molina ( cont 'd ) care about . be I embarrassing you ? Valentin yeah , a little . molina so that 's why I respect you and like you , and hope you feel the same way about I . I really admire you , so I want we to always be friend . Valentin sure . molina the reason I want to get this in the open be that I might be leave , because I just hear that I may be parole . Valentin when ? molina put he hand on Valentin 's shoulder . CUT to : int . warden' office - day pedro pace the room , then approach molina 's chair . pedro okay , do it . tell he you be up for parole , so we be change you cell in 24 hour . molina yes , sir . warden I will tell you something confidential , molina . we be be pressured right from the top . from the Ministry itself . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 93 . molina bless Mary , what a responsibility . warden that 's right , and this be you last chance , so get go . you get 24 hour . molina one thing , sir . you can not catch a fish without bait . I need more food to set the hook . CUT to : int . cell - night molina still have he hand on Valentin 's shoulder . molina they will probably move I to another cell in 24 hour . my lawyer say that 's the procedure . Valentin turn away . molina go to he grocery bag . molina I do not want to get my hope too high . you want a baked apple ? Valentin no , I have lose my appetite . I guess I should be happy , but uh -- I do not know . molina sit on he own bed . molina yes , all I want in life be to get out of here and take care of my mother . everything else come second , but now that my wish might be grant ... Valentin sit up on the edge of he bed . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 94 . Valentin be happy , dammit . I would give anything to get out . molina but be it fair ? Valentin what ? molina that I always end up with nothing . that I do not have anything truly my own in life . Valentin you have get you mother . molina get up and sit beside he . molina listen , though . she 's already have a life and live it . she hada husband and a son , but I be still wait . , Valentin at least she 's still alive . molina when be my life when do I strike something for my but so be i. suppose to begin ? it lucky and have own ? Valentin you just get lucky , take right now . you be probably get out . advantage of it . molina and do what ? hang out with my friend , a bunch of silly old queen like I ? have a few laugh until I can not stand the sight of they , because they be a bunch of mirror that send I run for my life ? ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 95 . molina ( cont 'd ) ( almost in tear ) my life of wait for nothing . the light be turn off . they sit in the darkness SOUND of molina choke back he sob . Valentin maybe you will feel better if you tell a movie . no answer . the camera move toward molina 's face in the darkness . he finally clear he throat and begin . molina once upon a time , on a tropical island far away , there live a strange woman CUT to : ext . tropical island - day ( spider movie ) a narrow beach stretch between the ocean and the dense jungle . voice of molina she wear a long sleek dress of silver lame that fit she like a glove . but the poor thing could not move through the jungle forest , because she be catch in a giant spider web which grow from she own body . the camera slither past lush plant and exotic creature until we see , barely visible in the dense foliage , the spider woman in she web . voice of molina one day a shipwreck man drift onto the beach . the shipwrecked man topple out of a water - logge rowboat onto the sandy beach . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 96 . int . tree house day ( spider movie ) the spider woman kneel beside the man who be sleep on a bed of palm leave . voice of molina she feed he and care for he wound . she nourish he with love and nurse he back to life . the man awake and look up at she . the spider woman wear a mask . voice of molina when he awoke , he gaze up at the spider woman and see a perfect tear slide from under she mask . CUT to : int . cell - night the lush junge foliage blend with Valentin 's face in the darkness . only one candle be light . Valentin why be she cry ? molina , play the spider woman , be on the brink of tear . molina I do not know . why do you always need explanation ? ( sad sigh ) I be tired , Valentin . tire of suffer . you be not the only one they have hurt . you do not know , I hurt so much inside . Valentin where do it hurt you ? molina in my throat and shoulder . why do the sadness always jam up in the same spot ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 97 . Valentin move closer to massage he shoulder . molina tighten up . molina please . do not touch I . Valentin can not a friend even pat you back ? molina it make I feel worse . Valentin why ? molina , drop he many mask , speak with stark vulnerability . molina I have fall in love with you . I be sorry , Valentin . I wish it have not happen . Valentin I understand , molina . do not be ashamed . both be silent . Valentin finally speak with difficulty . Valentin can I touch you ? molina if it do not disgust you . ( pause ) I would like you to . Valentin wrap he arm warmly around molina 's shoulder . molina can I touch you scar ? Valentin sure . molina gently caress the scar near he eyebrow . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 98 . molina you be so kind to I . Valentin no , you be the one who 's kind . Valentin stand and remove he shirt , then moisten he finger and squeeze out the candle . the cell be dark . the camera linger on the candle - spark amid whip of smoke . molina ( 0.s. ) I be squeeze against the wall a little that 's better . ( pause ) no , wait , let I lift my leg . ( pause ) I can not see at all , not at all . Valentin ( 0.s. ) it 's better if it 's quiet . molina ( 0.s. ) for a moment I feel so strange , like I be not I anymore . as if somehow ... I be you . the spark have fade . the screen be black . CUT to : int . cell - day Valentin sip tea in bed . molina be make breakfast . molina my friend and myself , we do not put much faith in each other , because we be so easily scared and wishy - washy , and we be always wait for a more serious friendship . with a man , of course . we be normal woman . we sleep with man . Valentin and all homosexual be that way ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 99 . molina no , some fall in love with each other , but that 's strictly for homo , not queen ( pause ) let 's not discuss this . let 's not talk about anything . just for this morning I be ask . Valentin why ? molina because I feel happy , really happy , and I do not want to spoil it . the best thing about feel happy be that you think you will never feel unhappy again . Valentin I do not understand this very much , but there 's something I want to say . molina I be listen . Valentin if you enjoy be a woman , well , you should not feel any less because of it . molina you say the nicest thing . Valentin ( firm ) I mean it . do not let yourself be scared or exploit . CUT to : int . warden' office - day a bright lamp shine on molina 's face . the rest of the office be dark . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 100 . pedro ( seethe ) you shit - face motherfuck . talk ! molina ( terrify ) he 's not human ... he 's like a graveyard pedro grab molina 's shirt and shake a fist in he face . pedro graveyard ? if you do not talk , you will be a graveyard . i'11 bury you pussy under six foot of chicken shit . molina 's mouth begin to tremble , then he whole body . the warden pull a chair beside he in the circle of light . warden let I handle he . ( lean close ) look at I , molina . be you afraid he group will shoot you ? be that it ? molina no sir . I want to help you . warden so what do he say ? molina nothing . ( wipe tear ) would not it be worse if I make up something that be not true ? warden I will have to move you to another cell , molina . the warden step out of the circle of light . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 101 . molina please , sir . do not do that . as long as I be with he , there 's still hope that he will talk . pedro , with a sudden kick , send molina and the chair sprawling on the floor . pedro you faggot piece of shit ! you fall in love with that motherfucker ! warden okay , molina . you can go . molina struggle to he foot and wipe he eye . warden get you thing ready . you be leave today . here , the Ministry approve you parole . the warden hand he the document and lead he to the door . molina kiss the warden 's hand . molina oh thank you , sir . thank you . warden and no more hanky - panky with the little boy . molina oh no , sir . I swear . molina leave . the warden shut the door . pedro you watch , that stupid cunt will lead we right to the bastard . warden I hope so . you never know what that damned queer will do . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org int . cell - day molina be pack he small suitcase . Valentin hover nearby . Valentin but there 's no risk at all . molina do not be crazy . I can not do it . I be too weak , Valentin . Valentin all you have to do be give they a message . from any public phone . molina no! please . do not tell I any name , phone number -- nothin I be terrify of the police . Valentin think a moment . Valentin you be right . it 's not fair to drag you into this . forget it . molina I swear to you , Valentin , my only desire be to stay here with you . molina close the suitcase . Valentin take care of yourself , molina . molina Valentin , the only two people I have ever love be my mother and you . Valentin it 's gonna be hard to fall asleep without you movie . molina and every time I see glaze candy , I will think of you . 102 . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 103. molina place the suitcase on the floor . molina Valentin . I want to ask you for something you have never do . aside from the fact that we have do much more . ( pause ) a kiss . Valentin be take by surprise . Valentin okay . but first promise I something . molina I tell you , I can not . I be sorry . Valentin no , no . promise that you will never let anyone humiliate you again , that you will make they respect you that you never let anyone exploit you . no one have the right to do that to anyone . molina ( deeply move ) I promise . thank you. ( pause ) Valentin ? Valentin what ? the kiss ? molina no . the phone number Valentin you be wonderful , molina . wonderful . ( move closer ) wait a few day . dial two time and hang up . the third time , tell they ... Valentin whisper in he ear . molina nod twice . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 104 . Valentin look in he eye , then kiss he tenderly on the mouth , then passionately . they lock in a warm embrace . SOUND of guard approach . Valentin good luck , molina . the door open . molina pick up he suitcase and the heart - shape box , then step into the corridor and glance back . the door be slam shut . CUT to : ext . prison gate - day the electronic gate open . a guard with a machine - gun escort molina across the courtyard and through the final check - point to the street . molina linger for a last look at the massive prison wall . CUT to : ext . cell - day Valentin , grip the window bar , pull he face into view . Valentin rafael ! can you hear I ? the camera move to the next window , revealing that rafael have hang himself . Valentin ( 0.s. ) rafael ! be you okay ? CUT to : ext . prison gate - day molina board a bus . as it drive away , a black sedan pull out of a alley and follow . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 105 . int . bus - day molina , sit among kid and housewive , stare out at the slum neighborhood . a samba band of costume dancer be rehearse for the Carnival . CUT to : ext . downtown STREET - day molina nervously cross a tree-line avenue of fast - move car and be nearly run over . safe on the sidewalk , he stare at a red phone booth , then notice the black sedan park behind he and walk on . CUT to : int . hospital - day molina follow a nurse through the hospital corridor to a 60 - bed charity ward . he slowly approach he mother , then sit on the bed and hold she hand . molina mama . I tell you the time would fly . I be back , mama . he kiss she lovingly on the forehead . she finally recognize he and smile weakly . molina now everything will be like before . you will be better soon , and we will go home . she touch he face . CUT to : ext . bar district - night molina , dress in he best , stroll past the bar and prostitute . he see the black sedan reflect in a bar window . he enter a neon-lit cabaret . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 106 . int . cabaret - night molina cross the smoke- fill room to a table of middle - aged homosexuals near the tiny stage . they explode with elation , embrace he with campy flair and shower he with gossip . group voice -- louisa , darling ! -- miss thing , where have you be ? -- I hate to dish , but you have put on weight . -- wait till you hear who carmen 's live with . the commotion cause the transvestite on stage to stop sing . it be greta . he use the microphone to address the crowd . greta dearest fan , I would like to welcome home a cherish sister , who sacrifice lordknow - how - many precious night to pay a stupid debt to a hypocritical society . molina , embarrassed , sit among he friend . greta now that she 's back with we , I dedicate my next song to she . loud cheer and applause . molina timidly half -rise in acknowledgment . as greta begin to sing , molina appear touch . CUT to : ext . molina' apartment build - day the black sedan be park across the street . seat beside the driver be pedro . his lip do not move , but we hear he filing a police report . he lift he binocular and stare at molina in the window . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 107 . pedro ( v.o. ) subsequent surveillance reveal that the suspect have leave he residence only once since release . suspect have answer no phone call , have not return to work , and have see no one , with the exception of a single visit to he mother in the hospital . he seem withdraw and depressed , and spend approximately one hour each afternoon stare out a window face south . molina remain motionless at the window . his sad eye gaze across the city rooftop at the distant prison . CUT to : ext . restaurant patio - day molina , unshaven and unkept , sit at he regular table on the patio . Gabriel serve he coffee . gabriel you sure you will not eat something ? molina just coffee . gabriel do you want to talk ? be something wrong ? molina sip he coffee and glance at the black sedan nearby . molina no , I just can not see you for awhile . I be go away . gabriel when will you be back ? molina ( glance at sedan ) I do not know . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 108. molina ( cont 'd ) just leave I alone . CUT to : int . molina' apartment - night molina gaze out the window from he armchair . the phonograph play the same sad bolero from he mexican movie . he check he wristwatch , then get up and leave , lock the door . CUT to : ext . STREET - night molina enter a phone booth . twice he dial a number , let it ring and hang up . swirl around the booth be a mob of Carnival merrymaker in phantasmagoric costume . the third time , he speak into the phone . molina I have a message from Valentin arregui . ( pause ) yes , a pay phone ( glance around ) I think I lose they in the crowd . ( long pause ) be that necessary ? ( short pause ) okay . I will be wear a red scarf . he hang up and disappear in the mob . CUT to : int . bank - day the bank teller look askance at molina 's appearance . teller you do not have to close you account . there 's no penalty if you maintain a minimum balance of -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 109 . molina ( leave ) thank you . he slip the money in a brown envelope . ext . park - day molina meet greta by the duck pond . greta darling , what 's happen to you ? I have call five million time . Carnival be finally here , and look at you ! and now you feed I this dish about a trip ? molina greta , darling , I trust you . please trust I . I know what I be do . ( hand brown envelope ) for mama . this will take care of she while I be go . please . greta all right , I will handle it . wherever you be go , it 's probably for the best . but please , louisa , at least take a bath . CUT to : int . molina' bathroom - day molina step from the steamy shower , check he wrinkle in the mirror and dab shave cream on he face . CUT to : int . molina' live room - day molina , dress in he finest , scrutinize himself ina full - length mirror . he be clean shaven and immaculately groom . he carefully adjust a red scarf around he neck . finally satisfied , he leave he apartment . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 110 . int . hospital - day molina sit beside he sleep mother . molina mama , you look so beautiful . ( whisper ) you remember , mama , when I be little and you would come into my room to kiss I good- night . ( kiss she cheek ) I always pretend to be asleep , but I be wait for you kiss . although you be sleep now , I know you understand I . ( touch she face ) it 's time for I to take care of my own life . you do understand , do not you , mama ? please do not be sad . a nurse approach . nurse she 's be in a coma for two day . molina I know . leave we , please . he kiss he mother on the forehead . CUT to : int . black sedan - day the black sedan creep through dense carnival throng . pedro , strain , watch molina thread he way through the crowd . pedro ( v.o. ) subsequent surveillance reveal the suspect have engage in a number of erratic activity . one , suspect execute a power- of - attorney toa homosexual cabaret singer know as greta , who be now under investigation . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 111. pedro ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) two , suspect send a letter toa waiter , Gabriel mont , who have be pick up for interrogation . Three , suspect close out he bank account ... pedro spot molina turn into a shopping arcade . CUT to : ext . arcade - day molina run along the mall and duck into a boutique . look in a display mirror , he sees : the black sedan stop at the arcade entrance ; one man get out ; the car drive away . CUT to : ext . STREET - day the street be a cacophony of fire - cracker and samba band . molina push through dance throng in they exotic costume . a costume STREET peddler try to badger he . peddler take home a grate - all for the little lady ! the great grate - all grate anything -- cheese , soap , potato , even you mother - in - law . molina push a to the edge of the plaza . CUT to : ext . plaza - day molina see a young woman step from a car across the plaza . he hurry forward . she kiss the driver who pull away . molina stop at the plaza fountain , wipe the sweat from he face and scan the crowd . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 112. a taxi stop near the fountain . the two passenger be a young man and young woman . they smile and wave for he to approach . molina sten forward nervously . he lean toward the window and see the Young man hold a pistol . young man who be you ? molina I have a message from Valentin . young man get in . Quick . molina grab the doorknob . but the Street peddler , leaping forward , plow he aside and thrust a revolver in the window . the Young man fire two quick shot , twist the peddler sideways and slamm he to the pavement . molina stumble into the stunne crowd . the taxi bolt away . undercover Agents rush forward and shoot rapid-fire at the taxi careen through horrify merrymaker . CUT to : ext . alley - day molina , limping , hurry along the dark alley . pedro and three Agents round the corner and chase he with they gun draw . pedro stop ! molina ! bystander scatter . molina keep move . pedro rapidfire three shot . molina blast twice in the back , plunge to he hand and knee . pedro dash to catch up . molina , gasp , struggle to he foot and stagger along the dark wall to the sun-lit street . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 113 . pedro 's Agents swarm forward and hustle he into the backseat of a black sedan . as pedro jump in , the car lurch away . CUT to : int . black sedan - day molina moan on the backseat floor . pedro straddle he waist and shout in he ear . pedro the phone number . tell I the number and you go to the hospital I as pedro shake he , molina spit up foamy blood . pedro the number ! talk , you fuck fag ! tell I that number ! molina look calm . all noise fade away . the only SOUND be he sad bolero and he quiet voice . voice of molina what have they do to you , Valentin ? CUT to : ext . STREET corner - day a dog sniff a pile of slum rubbish . tire screech ; a car door fling open ; a body tumble onto the rubbish . the car roar away . the dog return and sniff the corpse . it be molina . voice of Valentin what have they do to you , molina ? CUT to : int . prison infirmary - day Valentin , delirious , lie on a cot in the small first aid room . his face be swollen with bruise . his chest be disfigure by third - degree burn . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 114 . a male intern approach with a hypodermic needle . intern it 's morphine . it will make it hurt less , so you can get some rest . nod you head if you want it . ( Valentine nod ) okay , count to forty . listen , do not tell about this or I will lose my job . God , the way they work you over , it 's barbaric . ( finish ) there . it will ease the pain in just a minute and you will be able to sleep . voice of Valentin twenty -nine , thirty , thirty - one , thirty - uh ... thirty ... Valentin smile slightly . his arm , fold to hold the cotton - ball , slump down . his hand be clasped by a woman 's hand . voice of marta Valentin , do not be afraid . voice of Valentin marta . her hand tug he toward the door . CUT to : int . prison corridor - surreal the prison corridor , like a long tunnel , be strangely dark with a door of glow light at the end . the shadowy nude silhouettes of Valentin and marta move toward the light . voice of marta come , Valentin , come with I . do not be afraid . you will not wake up in a cell . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org the light be filter through dense jungle plant . lead he out the door into the foliage . ext . jungle beach - day they silhouettes push through the shadowy leave . 115 . marta CUT to : it be the same jungle that be in molina 's movie about the spider woman . voice of marta hurry , Valentin . they will not find you here . voice of Valentin but molina be dead . voice of marta do not be sad , my love . only he know if he die sad or happy . still hold hand , they emerge from the jungle and see the beautiful sun - light beach with the water - logge rowboat . they silhouettes run across the beach into the ocean . they embrace in the water . voice of Valentin do not leave I . voice of marta nothing can separate we now . voice of Valentin oh how much I love you . that 's the one thing I have never say , because I be so afraid of lose you love forever . voice of marta that will never happen here . this dream be short , but this dream be happy . they kiss again , then gaze at the sparkling horizon . the end