int . dine room - tom grunemann house - day close shot of tom grunemann , attractive young executive , sit at the head of the dining room table carve a turkey for Thanksgiving Day dinner . there be joyous sound of celebration . the camera pan around the table revealing the happy family and guest . among they be klute and cable . camera stop at Mrs. grunemann who sit at the foot of the table opposite she husband . she smile across at he with pleasure . we cut to Tom grunemann smile back at she . we cut back to a closeup of Mrs. grunemann look back at she husband with love . we cut back to Tom grunemann 's chair - only now it be empty . the joyous sound disappear on this cut . it appear that Tom grunemann have disappear before we eye . one moment he be there , and the next moment he be go . the camera pan back down the table , only now it be empty except for grunemann 's child and Mrs. grunemann . she be now dress in something dark . she and the three child sit eat another meal in emptiness . she have change from a joyous woman to a woman bereaved . int . research plant : on ross - day the industrial frontier . special agent ross step into frame , glance ( perhaps idly , a little impatiently ) in this direction at some loud industrial going - on just beyond camera , then return toward group . the group include cable and a younger FBI agent with clipboard , to whom klute be supplying preliminary data . klute 's manner be somewhat rumple , awkward . klute klute . with a K. k - L - U - ross be you with plant security , sergeant ? klute ( shake head ) town Police . ross then how be you involved ? klute ( slowly ) I know Tom grunemann . ross ( shortcutte again ) you know the subject Thomas grunemann . how well ? klute we grow up together . kid . ross can you account for he disappearance in any way ? klute no . ross do he recently appear to you agitate or depressed ? ( aside to young agent , recording ) -- indicate no -- do he voice to you grievance or discontent with he research work here ? indicate no . Moral or sexual problem or peculiarity ? -- klute no . ross marital problem in general ? indicate possibly -- be I right sergeant ? klute everybody 's get some , I guess . ross do he ever mention specifically a girl or woman in New York ? klute no . ross examine this letter please . ( continue ) we recover that from the shredder -- the plant disposal and incinerator system . grunemann apparently type it Friday , before he leave , decide not to send it , toss it away . we have already contact the New York Police ; they think they know the girl in question . c.u. klute klute read . we see a control incredulity and revulsion . ross ( cont 'd ) he never mention this type thing to you ? you do not know he have this interest ? int . grunemann house : c.u. holly - day holly thrust the letter back toward camera , toward klute cry out - holly my husband be not like that ! my God , klute . klute it look like he send she quite a few of that Holly -- the girl -- she recall six or seven letter like -- holly ( calmly ) -- no . I mean sure a little rough stuff , but just what people usually -- no , I would have say we be pretty good . ( pause ) johnnie I do not understand . I just do not understand . klute nod . she be talk for both of they . klute look out the window to the child play outside . camera pan out window to klute 's Pov of child play on a cold winter day . the tree be stripped bare . ext . research plant Tree line area , lush and green - summer . int . research plant : director' office - day camera pull back inside window to klute stare outside , as if still ponder the fate of Tom grunemann . the group in the office include ross ( hold a report ) , trask , a New York detective , cable , and the plant director , streiger . ross -- have disclose no evidence of crime or criminal intent within the jurisdiction of this bureau , and since subject thom -- cable ( turn sharply , interrupt ) it 's be almost a year ! Tom grunemann 's be miss for a year . and all the FBI have to offer be a report that must bore even you . ross ( restraint ) well sir . streiger be you close the case ? ross no sir , we do not state that . we be countin -- cable but you do not find it worth much effort . ross ( injure dignity ) well Mr. cable , you have get I here from the Bureau . you get Lieutenant trask here from New York represent he department and I do not frankly consider -- streiger ( moderate , suggest ) why could not you ever find out anything from the girl ? ross ( refer the question ) trask -- trask ( summarize from note ) we first hold she under surveillance expectin you boy grunemann to show up there . do not . then we bag -- we arrest she on a cp charge , convict , two month 's woman 's city prison , offer to reduce sentence , she cooperate . ( count ) four interrogation . she think she remember grunemann -- from that letter from before , she make that connection -- but she have not see he since and could not identify he photograph and she -- streiger why not ? trask oh a good call girl , she will turn six - seven hundred trick a year . the face get blurred . ( resume ) and since then , recent month , she 's report several , you know , incident : like breather call , anonymous phone call , also somebody maybe follow she , watch she , thing like that . so it 's I guess you could say , conceivable grunemann 's still around there , just hangin around she , spook she . but you know , that -- he shake he head , gesture doubtingly . Ross cap it . ross the subject get emotionallv disturb ; he just drop out . there 's thousand . streiger Inspector we understand you position ; ours be a little different . we have a investment in Tom grunemann . the company have a investment , and we feel entitle to investigate for ourselves . ross private investigation , you mean . yes sir , of course you be entitle , and there 's some very competent -- streiger klute offer we he service ; we have accept . pause . Ross and trask look at klute - more than a bit startle - then at each other . klute just look uneasy . streiger ( cont 'd ) klute know Tom . he have a great many idea about the case -- ross ( sourly ) yes sir , we know he -- streiger we would expect he to work in cooperation with you . he would report to each of you and to we company 's New York office , to Pete -- Pete go there on a regular schedule back and forth , and -- ross ( tactfully ) Mr. streiger , speak frankly -- we have appreciate the sergeant 's interest you know , all along . here , locally . but New York , that 's - well -- trask ( to klute , leniently ) ever do any miss person 's work ? ross spend much time in the city ? ( to other ) you see , I have to wonder -- speak frankly ; the sergeant know I be only speak frankly - cable you wonder why we think of klute ? frankly ? he 's interested . int / ext . wide shot : pennsylvania countryside - day verdant Pennsylvania farmland . early morning . near at hand a open field set about with bee hutch and patch with mist . a figure , a shadow ( klute 's actually ) move across frame from the leave , blank in . we reorient to - int . bedroom - klute house - day we see that we have be look out from the bedroom window of this house . klute turn to rolltop desk in bedroom and picture of Tom grunemann , picture of bree Daniel , and other material he have collect on the case . he put they in he suitcase and close the suitcase . he shut rolltop desk . int . klute' house - day we follow klute through the house with suitcase . he put away a last dish , shutting off water , gas , and electricity , and so on -- take a last look around - reach for the door handle . we CUT to -- int . commercial audition - SOUND stage - day a section of wall , a door come open -- and the figure of bree enter and stand . we have go from the warm sunlight of the country to mustv darkness . she appear chic , poise , and perfect as a magazine picture . but as she get use to the darkness and she eye focus on a line of equally beautiful girl sit and wait in fold chair along a wall , we see that she be a great deal less certain of demeanor . assailable . we CUT to - ext . klute' houseyard , house , barn - day klute , step out , close , lock and check the house door , then move on to he car -- a vintage plymouth -- and toss in he suitcase ; and then take a last turn around the yard itself ; prop open the cover of a beehutch , and let down the rail gate of a sidefield . he approach to roll shut he barn door -- and on this action we CUT again to -- int . commercial audition - soundstage - day director ( o.s. ) ( hastily ) honey , no , we do not have too many . she slap the cup down , hurl herself forward -- swish pan -- onto a male actor , thrust he down to the floor , she hand at he throat . as we widen to include director and more of scene , and as the director read from script , supplying a narrator voice - director ( cont 'd ) now before it come to that , let 's have a look , et cetera , et cetera -- ok - bree and the male actor relax slightly , as - angle to reveal room , other we reestablish the scene -- a few piece of film equipment -- and the congery of other actor and actress prepare to read for part . as the director approach , counsels bree -- all of this quick and consecutive -- director ( cont 'd ) -- honey you make it look a little real . it should have , you know , that fun to it . ( beat ) bree strangle he to death funny ? director well we go from this into stomach diagram . it can not be too -- look let 's try it again from - -- but then he glance at he watch , and at the other wait they turn . director ( cont 'd ) no -- just give we the face at the end , would you ? bree and the male actor set they cheek together , beam half - moon smile to camera , hold it for a moment , as the director read again - director ( cont 'd ) ( read ) -- and another family save by elso tablet . ok -- ( brightly ) thank you very much . -- and hold out he hand for they script , at the same time as he summon from a list in he other hand -- director ( cont 'd ) pierce -- danner - bree pass a new group of beautiful girl sit in line wait they turn as she exit as brightly as possible . ext . new york sidewalk : pedestrian - day they trudge along the sidewalk -- the herd , the late- afternoon crush . a long - lens shot , the crowd compact . we see bree milling along with the rest . she maneuver to a sidewalk phone booth , enter . we see she deposit , dial . int . phone booth , bree - day she be connect ( to she registry ) . bree bree Daniel , any message ? ( wait -- none ) ok , thanks . she wait for a moment . then make a curious , small gesture of she hand -- deposit another dime , dial again , be answer . bree ( cont 'd ) trina ? bree . do I ? oh no , just a commercial I think I might get , that 's all . ( quickly , more brightly ) well I would take a quick thirty , hon . do you have a commuter for I ? wait . as she prepare to write it down , we CUT back to - ext . klute' houseyard : klute - day klute finish roll shut , and padlock , the barn door . he return to he car , sit in ( leave door open ) start engine . again -- one last time -- the look around . then he pull the door shut , pull out . and on this we CUT to -- int . HOTEL corridor - day a group -- middle - age couple , child , bellman with suitcase -- wait to descend in elevator as bree get off . we track with she along corridor to a door . she check number and knock . reverse : through door to bree a man open the door . we neither see or hear he clearly -- he be foreground , defocus . his shirt be untucked . bree cock she head , greet he cutely . bree hullo . he mumble some kind of greeting , step back . she pause a moment in the door ( case , instantly ) -- then quite confident , friendly , provocative all at once -- bree ( cont 'd ) ooh , I know I would like you . -- and CUT to -- ext . CENTER of town : klute drive - day klute 's car draw through the business section of town , move on -- int . HOTEL room : bree - day c.u. bree ( the man out of frame and unheard - from ) as she bargain gaily -- and at the same time a little watchfully . bree lover , that 's get to be a little extra . I mean it sound very exciting , what you speak of , you have get I all excited . but something special like that , you know it 's get to cost a little more , mm ? -- and CUT to -- int . car : klute drive - day klute have laid he jacket aside , roll he sleeve , be eat the last of a vend machine sandwich . the car radio be on . he lean forward , tuning it from -- 1st annc 'r ( energetic ) -- R - W - m , radio 's voice be the shippensburg Valley , on a beautiful clear warm thurs -- -- to -- 2 nd annc 'r ( rural ) -- tucky wonder bean pick up a half cent over yesterday 's price at - -- and CUT to -- int . c.u. on bree , man ( HOTEL bed ) - day the man 's face be bury against she neck , she labor over she . she cry out ecstatically , transportedly -- it would seem at the edge of orgasm -- bree oh lover , oh it 's too much -- oh you thrill I -- yes , like that , it 's -- oh it 's beautiful , oh -- -- and at the same time refer privately to she wristwatch . and CUT to -- ext . wide shot : access ramp of turnpike - lush hilly country - day klute' car as klute 's car drive onto the turnpike surround by green country , we zoom into a close shot of klute through the windshield of he car . and then in what seem like a continuous shot we zoom back to a wide angle revealing klute catch in the endless line of car in a typical traffic jam at the entrance to New York City , surround by smoggy , grey , urban sky . int . CITY multilayered parking build - klute' car - night klute sit inside he car as it be mechanically lift into the air . it look as if he be be manipulate by a robot . ext . STREET : outside the brownstone - night bree move along street , return home , apprehensive of the one or two other distant figure . she turn in at one of the brownstone . int . stairwell of brownstone - night we watch bree as she mount to the top floor , the door of she apartment , barren , isolate , frighten . int . bree's aptartment - night bree unlock the door , switch on a light , case the apartment for a moment before enter , secure chain - lock , put aside she thing . there be a record player near the first interior doorway . she switch it as she move by . by time the first record have drop , she have the shower turn on , be get rid of she dress . we CUT back to -- ext . empty STREET : klute - night klute walk , as before , carry he suitcase . we see he slow , concernedly look toward -- int . bree's apartment : on bree - night bree sit on a studio couch , near the record player , with a quilt huddle over and around she , she back against the wall . the music be classical , curiously -- the sound of a harpsichord . she be more or less expressionless -- but tremble violently , shaking . front window sign be removed which read " for rent " - store - inquire crawicz , day int . bree 's apartment : bree - day bree move about energetically , prepare to set out on round . a knock on the door . she startle , then approach to door , to peep-hole , lift lid aside . through peephole to klute face klute 's face be somewhat distort by the peephole lens ; he be gaze mildly about the landing . bree bree ( through door , curtly ) what be it ? klute ( o.s. ) miss Daniel ? my name be klute -- John klute -- she turn the door handle , part the door about three inch , look through at he . he start to enter . klute ( cont 'd ) can I talk to you ? -- and the door crunch against its chain - lock . he stop perforce , a bit startle . a pause . a slice of bree 's face look coldly out at he . he summon a smile . bree what about ? klute my name 's John klute . bree you say that . klute I be a investigator . I would like to ask you some question about Tom grunemann . she tighten again . bree who ? klute Tom grunemann . he write you some letter . bree ( innocently ) gee . klute he be a research engineer at the tuscarora laboratory in Pennsylvania . he disappear from there last April . I have be hire to look for he . bree why ? klute you know what I be talk about . miss Daniel . bree honest ? klute will you let I ask you some question ? bree ( gumbo-southern ) Dew yew hayuv ah-dentifikyshun ? he take out a fold letter and a wallet and pass they both through to she . silence . she examine they with care , then appear to soften a little ; even smile slightly . bree ( cont 'd ) you be not police or FBI ; you be just a private investigator ? klute mm. bree and you just want to ask I a few question ? klute mm. she smile again , hand the letter and wallet back out , close the door ( do not slam , just close ) . klute look at it blankly for a time , start to knock again , decide not to -- turn and descend the stair . bree bree listen through the door to he depart foot step . they fade from hearing . she hasten to assemble she property . ext . front door - day klute come out door and descend the stair at the same even pace -- he walk into the vacant store below . int . basement store - day it have once be a boutique that sell happy clothes . there be some psychedelic poster and a few remnant of its former identity . klute 's suitcase be propped open on a cot behind a counter . the ceiling be low , force klute to stoop as he enter . he seem out of place and out of scale . a case contain a tape recorder stand on the floor . on the table be a folder of klute 's note , and a paper bag . klute enter and deliberately resume he settling in . from the paper bag he set aside a electric fan , then lift out from the shopping bag a cheap tin alarm clock and begin wind it . int . bree's apartment - day bree have shift position to a window , be look down at the street . she see - and we hear - SOUND of bus approaching , distantly . she grab she property , whip out the door . ext . on door of brownstone - day bree skid to a stop just inside the door , scan quickly out in one direction then the other ( in case klute have be wait in ambush on the sidewalk ) then race -- pan -- to bus at curb -- make it , pull herself aboard -- int . klute' apartment : klute - day klute have be watch from he window . we hear the bus pulling away . he turn back , plug in the electric fan . then hoist the tape recorder , unsnap the cover . we see clearly what it be . int . agency office - day bree be show she notebook to a agent . he lean forward courteously , occasionally stroking he forehead with he fingertip -- a nice man with a headache . bree -- and I take act class with Lee tainter -- agent -- Lee , yes -- bree -- and I be in two of he workshop type production , uncle vanya and the girl in five character -- ( indicate picture ) -- here -- and then of course I have the modeling and the demonstrator work , the trade - fair work -- but naturally I feel ready for something more , well you know , sustain -- agent well , thanks very much for come in . she start for the door -- he 's already turn away -- then duck back , hand he one of she glossy , laugh prettily at she own forgetfulness . bree ( beautifully -- the business ) thank you very much . ext . STREET - day bree come out , pause with notebook to cross out , the call complete , check the list of that remain , set forth again . we hear trask's voice over , very quick , very clipped . trask ( v.o. ) man , just a poor pretty little hooker , like to be a actress -- int . missing person bureau - day closeup photograph of dead man . it be replace with series of photgraph of dead man . camera pull back to reveal klute flipping through the file of the unidentified dead . trask ( v.o. ) what you lookin ' to get from she ? you think she 's get grunemann hide somewhere , the attic , feedin he soup ? or maybe he 's hidin in a dark alley and he will jump on she and you jump on he . and third place , even if she do know something ' she 's right , she do not have to talk to you . you do not have police power , you can not make she . klute close the file . klute that 's a lot of people to die unknown . trask unknown , unidentified and unwanted . and there 's more every day man , there 's more everyday . as klute slowly walk away we bring in telephone ring and bree voice , over answer . bree voice bree Daniel . ( then ) yeah , hi hon . ext . bree apartment - night camera be look up through light window outside at bree on phone . bree oh hon , I just do not know . I be try to stay out of it . ext . klute apartment - night camera pan down from bree 's window to klute 's window at the bottom revealing klute at tape recorder . the tape recorder be go , its light winking . klute hold headset against one ear , make a note or two . we hear bree 's and other girl voice , under , filter . girl voice -- come in with this other yuld maybe two or three time a year , and five big one baby , just one evening . bree voice marta , thanks , and I would love to party with you hon , but -- klute set down the headset ( we drop the voice far under , indistinguishable ) , make a note , and thumb open the box of a fresh reel ; the present reel be near the end . we establish a pile of already recorded tape . we CUT back to -- int . bree apartment : bree on phone - night bree well try to get someone else marty and if I change my mind -- sure hon , bye . she hang up , start away . the phone ring again . she try to ignore it . it persist . she finally turn back to answer it , and we CUT to -- int . casting office - ad agency - day camera start on huge photo montage of the family of man and pan down to a group of beautiful girl sit on a bench below . they be dwarf by the enormous picture . each one clutches a almost identical portfolio of picture in she lap . camera pan down row of portfolio until it stop at bree - impatiently wait she turn . we continue the telephone voice over , wild track style . the man' voice be thick with drink , and emotion . first the click , then -- bree voice bree Daniel -- man' voice oh God baby , oh God I really love you . bree voice that 's nice ; who be this ? man' voice I really love you baby , you know that ? a click , and the man' voice continuing , trail into helpless sob -- man' voice ( cont 'd ) hello ? hello ? oh my God , hello ? ext . STREET : bree bree come out from the building ( note possible costume change ; not necessarily consecutive action ) , check off on she list continue on she way -- as we continue wild track style voice . start with a click and -- bree voice bree Daniel . 2 nd man' voice ( nicely ) bree -- Frank hanley , you remember , fayetterville ? bree voice oh yeah , hi Frank , sure . 2 nd man' voice well I be in town , like to see you . bree voice well Frank that 's awful nice but I be out of action , sort of , you know -- we fade this conversation under but hold , continuing , as -- bree pass camera -- and we pan to shot of klute , at corner , unseen by she and apparently in surveillance of she . then he too turn out of frame , and we CUT to -- int . penn station - day camera be look down at a enormous gift package on a platform . there be a sound of a record fanfare and with the pull of a string the package be open revealing a brand new lincoln continental convertible . people applaud and the car start to revolve . at the wheel of the car sit bree . we CUT to a shot through the windshield of car -- bree's Pov a sea of stare face revolve around she . we cross fade with spangler voice over ( as if recalling a case record ) . spangler ( v.o. ) bree Daniel , caucasian , twenty eight , good physical health , no narcotic record , present a unusually strong personality some way , high intelligence , a high bracket call girl . ext . women' prison roof - cage in recreation area spangler , a prison psychiatrist , sit on a bench eat a sandwich partially wrap in wax paper and sip from a carton of milk . he be obviously a man press for time . klute sit beside he . across from they some prisoner be take they exercise . through the metallic netting that surround they , we see the skyline of New York City . it only dramatize more the sense of be cage . spangler -- usual case history -- this be not a medical confidence , it 's all of they -- break family , lonely , confuse , crummy childhood , early promiscuity , formal prostitution beginning in she teens , income twenty - five to thirty thousand a year . ( note klute 's reaction ) oh they do not keep the money : they get rid of it , they get pimp . why ? ( stab at record ) why do you want to know all this ? klute I want to know how Tom grunemann get mix up in it . spangler not unusual . klute do she talk about he to you ? spangler about he letter -- that 's all she remember . quite violent material , I would say , obsessive , a quite sick man . but that 's not unusual either . klute have she talk with you since prison ? spangler no . she have every good intention of it -- come to I as a private patient , get out of the life , devote herself to a act career . klute I think she 's try that . spangler oh sure they try . the idea of a better life . but they do not really know much about life : they get confuse -- or scared or frustrated or bored -- they pop back to the one thing they can handle . the trick . the trick . Men in bed . not man in general , not life , not love , not even real sex -- it avoid all that . just the trick , the transaction . int . penn station - day Pov world revolve around bree through windshield of car . the circular motion slow down and then stop . cut to bree get out of car and walk off platform . she look a bit shaky . she be stop by one of the spectator . man ( tapping she ) we have a bet on - if you be real or not . I win . she look at he in disgust and cross to phone booth . int . phone booth - day bree ( on phone ) marta -- int . church discotheque - night we be in the interior of what be once a church and be now a discotheque . Interior be paint purple ; the record player stand on the altar over the crowd . pews be mass around the dance floor . stain glass window be light from behind and be circle with light bulb that flash on and off . for all of its obviously bizarre visual quality , there be a sense of relaxation . it be a late night gather place of many who belong to the sexual underworld of the city . bree and the other girl advance to a pew . a man sit there ( the other girl 's pimp ) with a third girl . bree 's companion greet he shyly , tenderly : she and bree sit down , join in conversation . pull back slowly -- other pews , other girl and a few man , the sisterhood -- to -- bar area in back ( what once must have be the vestibule of the crurch ) among the people around the bar , pimp , whore , and a sprinkle of hopeful johns and curiosity seeker . the camera pick a familiar face : cable . he watch bree with a mixture of amusement and contempt . a girl come over to he and try to proposition he . they appear to be discuss price . just as she think it be set , he walk away . int . klute' apartment - night closeup photograph of tom grunemann pin to a large piece of beaverboard klute have place on a wall . camera pan over various picture and piece of evidence klute have pin up in a attempt to make some sense from the puzzle of tom grunmiann 's disappearance . camera pan over to klute sit on cot look up at the piece of the puzzle . there be a heat tv dinner in front of he . the tape recorder reel start turn ( sound power ) , the recording light start wind ( as bree , above , dial ) . klute pay it scant attention - he can catch up with the news anytime . he sit manfully in front of the tv dinner , start peel back the foil -- int . bree's apartment : bree - night she hold the phone , be answer . her voice more natural , a little shy , a little covert . bree hi. bree. ( be greet ) hi. well I could come over tonight - if you would like -- if there 's no one else . ( laugh diffidently ) I really want to just talk to you . int . klute' apartment : klute - night the tape-recorder continue turn and winking as the conversation upstairs continue . klute look at tv dinner . he reach for the headset of the taperecorder , hold it loosely against one ear . he exhibit a measure of new interest . the tape recorder stop run . he immediately rewind , and start listen through it again . we CUT to -- ext . garment district - night large , dark building -- a dim - lighted window show at a upper floor of one -- the street otherwise by and large desert . a taxi draw in , a figure in evening dress ( bree ) get out , approach the building , glance around , either secretly or apprehensively -- press a buzzer , wait , get answer click , enter the dark hallway of the building , start upstairs . ext . across the STREET - night klute shift into view , look in the direction bree 's go , a little puzzle all in all . he do not immediately follow ; he wait . int . garment build - cutting room - night we look past rack of clothing , as bree arrive up the dark stairway into dark room -- the scene , mysterious , a little sinister . she seem fearful of it herself , advance slowly , look around , call - bree hi ? -_ angle past mr . faber , to bree Mr. faber be silhouetted for a moment , stand , watch she , from along a alleyway of garment . she see he , be startle then relieved . bree ( cont 'd ) oh -- he move toward she . reverse angle , to mr . faber Mr. faber be a man of 65 or so , rather handsome , and for this occasion very spruce , very erect , very nattily turn out . bree complain cheerfully . bree ( cont 'd ) you scared I , Mr. faber . he smile , kiss she cheek , test the fabric of she evening dress -- ( in pass , as a matter of expertise ) . mr. faber good material , not too good cut . I would do better for you . then he turn , lift down a woman' dress cape , carry it -- graciously gesture she to precede he -- corner of cutting room a dim pool of light here . a private area here , section off by row of garment . a couch , rug , coffee table , a chair or two -- a place for buyer to take they ease . bree and mr. faber enter . her manner be suddenly elegant , assure , regal ; he befit a man of the world . he fit the cloak around she shoulder and gesture to the couch ; she sit . he pour a glass of wine for she , for himself . she speak with a neat continental accent -- do it fairly well , really -- a member of the international set . bree oh thank you . he sit in the chair opposite , sip he wine . mr. faber enjoy . ( then ) well -- bree ( diffident ) it 's good to see you . well -- could we do it first and then just talk ? mr. faber sure dear , yes . bree well -- well I be just back . and -- I must tell you -- something quite wonderful . mr. faber ( intently ) yes ? bree and Cannes be quite fun , quite ; and we play baccarat and chemindefer and there be a nice little italian marquis quite enthusiastic for I -- but a young man can be so silly -- mr. faber mm. bree and then one night -- at the game table -- well I just see he . a stranger -- look at I -- and I know suddenly that all my life I would be -- she hesitates strangely , she finger at the neck of the cape . faintly -- bree ( cont 'd ) -- May I ? it 's so -- mr. faber ( quickly ) please -- she stand , unloose the cloak , let it fall on the couch . but she do not sit again -- begin to move here and there about the enclosure , she hand wander about she dress and body -- a erotic restlessness . bree not young ; he be not young -- gray at the temple , he -- well actually he look like you . mr. faber ( tensely ) yes ? bree and nobody could tell I who he be -- a exile prince or a mercenary or a bullfighter or -- but I feel it stir inside I , this -- this wild , pagan feel -- ext . garment build door - night klute arrive from across the street . it take he a while ( with a ' loid ' probably ) to slip the lock . he ease door open , move inside -- int . corner of cutting room : bree - night bree be farther along in she narrative , more fervent in manner . mr. faber sit at the edge of he seat , ducking he head now and then in pleasure , but make no move to molest she . bree and next day at the beach -- we beach pavilion -- I see he again , he eye burn into I . I be helpless . without he even speak to I , without he even touch , I know that somehow -- somehow -- she cast away a accessory garment . Mr. faber burn she with he eye -- int . garment build - cutting room - night klute mount into view at the head of the stair , prowl along the aisle of clothing , look -- see -- Pov past garment rack to mr. faber klute see Mr. faber first -- clearly a senior citizen -- sit transfix , fastened in some private dream . then bree drift into view -- stand -- let fall the evening dress about she ankle , pose -- drift out of view again -- klute klute watch in that direction a moment longer . in he expression a certain curiosity -- a prurience -- but rather more strongly , disappointment , a measure of disgust . not he affair . he turn away from it , into camera , and -- ext . bree's brownstone - night near the entrance , outside the door to klute 's apartment below . we open on bree . she shout angrily , miserably -- bree why not you just cut out ? we widen to include klute . now she begin to get it . he turn , open door to he room below . she come slowly down step . int . klute' room - day she step in the door , look slowly around at he various appurtenance -- the bed , the necktie over the mirror , etc . -- and then , the tape recorder and then the stack of tape box . softly , venomously -- bree oh you bastard . but then she adjust -- a frighten but matter - of fact hooker -- bree ( cont 'd ) be it the shakedown hon ? you pick a loser , I just do not have it . klute no , I be look -- bree ( vehemently again ) if I be take call full time would I be live in this kip ? I would be back on Park Avenue ; I could support the whole National Guard ! klute ( gesture upward ) could I ask some question ? bree or you will get I shove back in the brig you mean ; another month with the bull - dyke . she seem to have express it ; the balance of power . she turn , go out , head upstairs . klute unhurriedly take up he folder of note , then follow . int . bree's apartment - night bree dispose she belonging . klute move to table . there be a group of plant on the table that long since die of neglect . he notice they and the disorganization of the room without comment , open he folder , rummages for the photograph . then , exasperatedly -- bree look , I tell the police everything : I do not even remember the schlub ! klute do not respond . klute set out a photograph for she to look at . insert : photograph tom grunemann klute , bree bree they show I that one . I understand it 's grunemann , but I tell they , I just do not remember . klute toss down a second photograph . insert : second photograph Tom grunemann , Elaine grunemann , two daughter . bree , klute bree ( cool ) a family sort of man . klute grunt , meaning ' yes ' . she echoe he grunt , meaning we do not know what . he toss another -- insert : wide photograph - company picnic a everybody - over -here , fellow - employee , sort of picture . ( include the figure of streiger and cable among many other , male and female . ) the usual impedimenta -- picnic basket , ball , bat , a hold sign : ' tole - american ' . klute' finger indicate -- klute ( v.o . ) -- Tom , again . klute , bree she look at the picture briefly , at he questioningly . klute company outing or picnic or something like that . bree be not that sweet . ( then ) well it could be any one of they bubi ; I get to see they all . she separate from klute , around the table ( but remain stand , restless ) . klute put photo aside , prepare to take note , as she plead -- bree ( cont 'd ) look -- please -- will you just try to get it from my side ? a year ago . I be in the life fulltime . I be live on Park with leather furniture and a million dress . then they drop on I , the fuzz , they cage I -- they start ask I about a man , some man , I be suppose to have see a year before that . two year ago , two . he could be in Yemen ! she wait for klute to respond -- he doodle permissively on he pad of paper -- she go on . bree ( cont 'd ) a name . grunemann . nothing . and they show I picture like this and they mean nothing . then they ask I , well have I be get letter , from someone out there in cabbageville -- klute -- tuscarora -- bree all right , yes , I have be . that sick , wild letter -- I be watch you , gonna follow you , gonna punish you , kill you et cetera . well , they say , all right that 's grunemann . so try to remember when you and he - when -- well I do not know , there be that dumper once , he sound like that dumper -- ( explain ) dumper ; they get they kick beat you up . a man hire I once , then try to really kill I - that would be about two year ago . without warning she wheel to the open window , and shout out full - voice -- both startling and somewhat intrigue klute -- bree ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) ok Tommy -baby , allie - allie -in - free kid , I get the gumdrop . turn around again , to klute . cheerfully -- bree ( cont 'd ) you remind I of my uncle . klute what ? ( then --) what do you remember about that -- dumper ? bree nothing . except he be not kid . usually it 's a fakeout , you probably know . they pretend to tie you up , and you wear a dress with a cloth belt and they pretend to whip you or you -- ( beat ) Hell it 's they money . I will hang from the shower rod and whistle maytime . except this guy be really trip out on it ; he -- klute but you can not say that dumper be Tom grunemann . bree I can not say he be anybody ! a brief pause . klute sort he note . she may take it that he 's pack to leave -- hope so anyhow . for a instant we see the undefend girl underneath -- bree ( cont 'd ) so -- ok -- that 's all ? then again she change manner -- remember a practical problem , approach it as a matter - of fact hooker . bree ( cont 'd ) well could I have they back now hon ? -- that tape recording you have get downstairs -- ok ? -- and if you want you can have a good time and I will have a good time and -- klute what about everything since ? she draw back again . up to now she 's be reasonably on top of thing . start now we see she drive toward the thing she would really rather not talk about -- and increasingly more shake . klute ( cont 'd ) ( prompt ) everything that 's happen since Tom grunemann disappear . the phone call and the -- bree just phone call , right ? they ring , you answer , they do not say anything , just blank . kid get kick . burglar look for a empty apartment . I mean there be nothing that prove -- klute what about the other thing you have report ? -- ( consulting note ) -- be follow on the -- bree ( interrupt -- awkwardly ) look -- I be sorry -- I have lead everybody wrong . I mean yes , I get that feeling , but that 's just I , that 's just feeling . ( beat ) I be sure this will amuse you ; I be scared of the dark . and sometimes I get shook up , I hear people or -- well , I will come out in the morning and think someone 's be pry at my mailbox , or there 's a little -- trash outside my door and I wonder if someone leave it there for -- do you see ? -- thing other people would not even notice . well that 's not real , it 's just nerve ; it 's get nothing to do with -- the phone ring . she startles . then approach with some difficulty -- but then answer with complete calm in she Smith - girl voice . bree ( cont 'd ) bree Daniel . ( listen . brightly ) oh yes , Ted carlin , how be Ted ? ( listen ) oh , well , thank you very much but maybe the next time you be in town ? ( listen ) well I just love Ted and I would love to meet you -- you have a very nice voice -- but I just -- ( listen , grow impatient ) well I be have a chat with a very nice cop . actually not a real cop ; he 's a private inve -- a buz from the phone ; the connection abruptly break . she hang up , recite . klute be that how you get most of you date ? someone give you name to someone else ? bree most of they . klute be that how you meet the dumper ? -- someone else give -- bree how would I remember ? klute how else do you meet they ? pimp ? ( a beat ) bree ( patient ) you be very square . pimp do not get you date , cookie ; they just take the money . klute take up the slip of paper previously give he by trask . in the same manner as before -- klute I have some name the police give I . Frank ligourin . will you tell I what -- bree ( tremble ) look , I be sure this will amuse you too . ilia try to get away from all that . klute what about the old gentleman the other night , Mr. faber ? she freeze again , look at he . then savagely -- bree you see that , goddamn you ? you see it ? he 's seventy . his wife 's dead . he start cut garment at fourteen . his whole life , he 's maybe have a week 's vacation , I be all he have and he never , never touch I , and what harm in it , what -- she choke -- then go on -- bree ( cont 'd ) klute , tell I , what 's you bag ? be you a talker , or a button man or a doubler , or maybe you like they very young -- child -- or get you chest walk around with high - heele shoe , or have we watch you tinkle ? or -- klute ( under ) -- ok -- bree -- you want to wear woman 's clothes , or you get off rip thing -- she grab up the company picture , raging on -- bree ( cont 'd ) -- you pervert hypocrite square bastard . klute ok . something in he inflection -- very slight -- caution she . she fall silent as suddenly as she begin . then cheerfully -- bree gee I hope this do not make my cold any worse . klute tell I about Frank ligourin . bree ( casual , pleasant ) mm ? oh , he be my old man . we break up . she wander away toward a bureau . her shirt seem to itch she ; she scratch she rib . then open drawer , take out a different shirt as -- klute when ? ( beat ) when do you and ligourin break up ? she pull off she shirt , unhook she brassiere and discard it , apparently quite unselfconscious . klute react ; then , carefully maintain he cool - klute ( cont 'd ) mind not do that ? she turn to he in total innocence , hold the shirt rather carelessly in front of she -- a new attack . bree what ? this ? klute -- ok ? bree ( ingenuously ) I think you could trick I for that tape . do not you get lonely in that little green room ? or let I get you someone ; I have terrific friend , wild . klute no thanks . at this point -- or about this point -- klute take note of something . a little above she . he grow more watchful , but contain it carefully . we do not understand the change in he manner -- or even notice ; she do not . in mock dismay -- bree gee . I have have man pay two hundred dollar for I -- here , you be turn down a freebie . ( pause ) you can get a perfectly good dishwasher for that . he have rise , be approach she slowly -- carry he note as if to check something . she be hopeful again -- bree ( cont 'd ) you have change you mind ? you do want to play ? klute ( quietly , steadily ) I do not want you to look up . there 's someone on the skylight . she gasp , terrify -- immediately -- almost beyond control . he tap the pencil on he note . klute ( cont 'd ) easy -- pretend you be look here - ( more insistently ) -- here . she manage to take hold of a corner of the note , tremble . he go on -- klute ( cont 'd ) now I be go to walk around -- you just keep talk , straight through , straight through . he stroll away from she . his destination be the area of the door -- out of view from the skylight -- from where he can head for the roof . but he do not head that way directly -- first take a turn in another direction , he bear casual . prompt -- klute ( cont 'd ) tell I about act -- what be you do tomorrow -- where do you go ? bree ( manage , barely ) I go on round . klute round , what be they ? -- do not watch I , keep talk . bree you go see agent -- or equity call , open casting call . and ad agency -- commercial -- you do not get work , you just go around . klute have stroll out of view from above -- instantly flatten himself against the wall , ease the door open , about to slip and charge . as bree labor on -- bree ( cont 'd ) and they be always polite -- show people -- they say thank you very much . you lie there cover with blood , smile , they say -- int . landing and ladder to roof - night footstep across the roof above , as the watcher discover klute 's ruse . klute open the door -- climb ladder to roof . ext . rooftop - night -- klute out , look around -- ext . rooftop : past klute to fleeing figure - night the figure -- the man -- scissor over the low wall where one brownstone join another . klute give chase -- over ridge , past water tank , oddment of roof furniture -- ext . several rooftop beyond - night the figure race to a roof door disappear into abandon building . int . stairwell - abandoned build camera follow klute as he cautiously make he way down the stairwell of the board up old brownstone . he get to the first floor . he can see no exit in the building . he open door that lead to a narrow staircase into the cellar . int . cellar - abandoned brownstone it be as black as a dungeon and as low . he light a match , but see no one . there be a sound of movement come from the floor above , he run up the step to the floor above and see a very faint light come through one of the close apartment door . carefully take out a gun and then with one quick movement he break through the door . int . abandoned apartment the wall , ceiling , floor be entirely cover with crudely paint psychedelic sign and say . the room be light by some candy stick in bottle . sitting on a blanket on the floor be several teenage boy and girl have a pot party . they have obviously make a clubhouse for themselves in the abandon house . it be a moot point whether they or klute be more stunne at the sight that face they . he put he gun away in embarrassment . again he have be make to feel like a awkward peeping tom in this hide world of the city . int . cellar - abandoned build camera wander restlessly through the blackness and stop at a pinpoint of light come through a low door . camera go through open into long narrow furnace room with the ceiling so low that a ordinary man could not stand up . we hear the sound of breathe . camera follow the sound through the darkness revealing a sweaty man huddle in the corner look like some strange animal from a painting by bosch . it be cable . int . bree's apartment - night bree have wrap herself in the quilt -- stand up against a corner shiver , immobilize . we hear klute' footstep descending -- she flinch -- he enter . klute I could not get he . he see she condition . gently -- klute ( cont 'd ) it 's all right . he reach to touch she -- she quail away from he . bree well do you think it be he ? klute what do you think ? bree can not you get he ? klute maybe , if you tell I the thing you have not . bree ( pause ) you ask I where I get that date with the dumper -- Frank send I on it . klute do you know where he get the dumper ? bree he never tell I . klute well , let 's go down and ask he . ext . central park west building - day a shot catch the edge of central park itself -- we first small view of greenery -- to the tall , be limousine apartment building of c.p.w. the figure of klute , bree walk upstreet , turn under one of the canopy -- ( klute carry a zipper book - case ) . int . apartment house lobby - on doorman at phone - day the doorman hang up the brass house - phone , smile and gesture they graciously into the ( self service ) elevator . we see klute -- without make too much of it -- take in the mirror and marble work . int . elevator ( moving ) : klute , bree she break the silence . bree what do you expect ? frankie still have a good string , three girl . figure three hundred a week from each . klute be that what you give he ? silence . int . ligourin' apartment : on door - day the buzzer sounding , frank ligourin crossing to open the door for bree , klute . cheerful , hospitable , nice , unpretentious . frank bree -- hi -- come in , come in . the point of this one brief shot -- bree 's face -- in the instant after Frank have speak and before she enter , with klute follow . her half - second of hesitation . this be someone who get to she somehow -- probably always will . wider ligourin be apt : threeshot - day the apartment be as expect -- but not overdo ; a certain small amount of someone - life - here litter . a few , large but not very good , abstraction on the wall . there be a large table cover over with photograph and mock -up of magazine page , a feel board or easel with lettering sample -- Frank 's prop really . bree Frank -- klute . frank ( shake hand ) hi. come in . ( lead they in , indicate table ) I be just catch up some work -- mock up the photograph . ( to klute ) I use to be a photographer myself - bree tell you ? -- before I get in the publishing . bree Frank , he know you be a pimp . he know you be my pimp . short silence . then with the tact of a gentleman deal with rude , difficult woman -- frank well bree , maybe you would rather -- he gesture gently to indicate outside . she nod once . he escort she in that direction , out the door , close it behind they . int . hallway outside ligourin' apartment - day he escort she to the elevator , push the down button for she . in silence so far . then , quietly -- as one who know the other 's thought -- frank how 's it be ? she shrug a shoulder at he , look away . he go on in the same quiet voice . frank ( cont 'd ) with I bree it 's eternally the same . toward you . I guess you know that . bree yeah Frank , I know that . she yank at the elevator door . but the elevator 's not here yet . she turn away sharply into the door mark " stairway " . he turn back to he apartment . int . ligourin' apartment - day Frank reenter , with the calm smile of troop chaplain . frank I have always respected bree. ( then ) I would like to make something clear . klute I have just get a few -- frank I would like to make something clear . I do not go after a girl ; a girl come to I . her choice . right ? he gesture klute to one chair , sit in another , wait calmly , attentively . klute I be look for a man . Tom grunemann . ( no response , whatever ) bree think he may have be the dumper -- that call she have two year ago . she say you send she on it . frank two year ago ? sorry . klute they tell I you use narcotic . could I bring someone around to look at you arm ? frank look -- dad -- I may stand better with the cop than you . klute wait . frank ( cont 'd ) ok , a family matter . between the girl . I have two other cow -- ( correct himself ) -- two other girl besides bree . klute she tell I . frank ok and one of they Jane mckenna -- she blow a little jealous of bree - you know ? -- bree come first ? and evidently she know the freak --- that he be a dumper -- she con I into pass he to bree , you know , so bree would get hurt . I do not know . till afterwards . klute why do not you tell bree , afterwards ? frank ( a little shocked ) you do not tell they . that one of they own in - law laid a dumper on they ? ( shake head ) peace in the family . ( pause ) Beyond that , I do not know . all she write . klute I would like to talk with Jane mckenna . frank ( smile ) would I be tell you all this ? she cop out long ago . she commit suicide baxter . int . apartment house lobby : bree - day bree sit , look with curiosity at housewive she age -- bring they child in from the park , as if try to imagine what they life could be like . klute emerge from elevator . ext . STREET ( two shot ) - day bree do you like my friend frankie ? klute no . bree do not he tell you what you want ? klute it do not go anywhere . ( then ) but that 's not why -- bree about the dumper , do not he tell you that ? klute it be Jane mckenna who send you the dumper . bree ( coldly ) well -- she 's dead . at the corner he slow , start unzipping he bookcase as if indicate a change of route . bree ( cont 'd ) I think you be go back to the apartment . klute ( he shake he head ) you say you want this . he hand over the tape -reel . bree oh golly , oh just what I have always dream of , dirty phone call . ( then ) how come ? klute you tell I what you could . I guess I be through with you part of it . bree ( grudgingly ) be there anything more I could -- klute I do not see anything , do you ? bree what be you gonna do next ? klute try some other way . ( start off ) bree what do I do meanwhile ? -- wait for that clown to fall through the skylight on I ? klute and I do not think that be Tom . bree you say it be ! klute no , I say what do you think . bree oh -- wait -- oh I get it . you say that just to keep I scared . so I would tell you everything I -- oh clever ; oh you smart , tricky hick . klute well -- bree ( harshly ) hey , but do we get to you , klute ? a little ? klute yeah , you get to I . bree -- we city folk ? the sin , the glitter , the wickedness ? klute oh. no . not that way . I would say it be more -- I do not know -- ( hunt the word ) -- too bad ? pathetic ? bree Goodbye . she turn smartly away , deposit the tape in pass in a litter box , depart . klute look after she for a moment , then turn on he way . then -- ext . Pov through litterbox in foreground to Pov of figure of klute , bree - day this shot hold both in view for a moment , until they both disappear separately in the traffic . camera move in slightly on litterbox as a man 's hand come into frame and remove the tape . int . klute' apartment : klute - night klute , in pajama bottom , lie in bed . a miserably hot humid night . knock at the door . he answer . bree stand in the doorway in bare foot . bree what the hell do you mean , pathetic ? she walk in past he , sit down on the edge of he bed . klute it 's kind of late . bree it get lonely upstairs . there 's someone on the roof . he take she seriously , start to move . bree ( cont 'd ) oh , do not be a doo-doo . klute not much point to this , be there ? bree ( placidly ) ezra , I be lot better than you be use to . tell I -- the other night , watch I with Mr. faber -- be not you tongue a little bit hang out ? klute mm. bree so you be not too different from he , or the chap on the roof , or Tommy -baby -- he start for the bed , as if to lift she onto she foot . she take off she robe and swing she leg up , and under the sheet . bree ( cont 'd ) look , if you do not use it somebody else just will . and you have do you whole bit with I , you entire duty , and so now this be my thing . so enjoy , Mr. faber would say , enjoy . under the sheet she unloose she pajama bottom , kick they away , start unbuttone the shirt . klute bree -- thanks -- I do not want to . bree oh do not be all hypocrite . or do you really like other kick ? be it more just have power over someone ? -- so you do not really need to -- he try to rebutton the pajama shirt . she catch he hand , thrust it underneath . in grief and anger -- bree ( cont 'd ) who the hell be you , buttone I up ? quick dissolve -- upshot , c.u . they body lock together descend toward camera -- dissolve -- downshot , c.u. same action her hand slide about he shoulder . she be laugh softly , affectionately , mockingly -- bree I know it , I know it , a killer . dissolve -- c.u. , her face -- triumphantly , contemptuously , orgiastically -- bree oh lover -- oh you thrill I -- oh , it 's beautiful -- oh yes , yes -- oh like that , like that , yes -- dissolve -- face klute gasp deeply -- enter orgasm . as soon as she hear it , judge it , she drop she hand from he shoulder , still she own movement , lie utterly passive , smile calmly , let he finish for himself . he can not stop -- cry out -- cry out again , bury he face against she -- be do . then he slowly raise up , shudder , look down at she . he know what she 's do to he , be helpless to do anything back . he roll slowly out of the embrace of she leg and lie silently -- look upward , very much as we see he at start of scene . favorivg bree she wait , still smile , for a while . but she 's not do with he yet . she roll to lie with she upper body on he , trail she finger across he face . affectionately , as a good whore -- bree ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter hon ? you be great . terrific . a tiger . klute thanks . bree well what be you down about ? you mean because you do not get I there ? ( pause , comfortingly ) you can not expect that . I mean Frank , yes , he would get I there all the time -- but never with a John . she sit up , grope she pajamas from the floor , put they on . in the same fond tone -- bree ( cont 'd ) and I be sorry I can not stay and learn you special little game . and I certainly do not want you to feel bad about this -- lose you virtue all of a sudden -- because I sort of know you would . as I say , like everyone , right ? she have the pajamas and robe on , pause near the door -- bree ( cont 'd ) besides - you can always tell yourself you make I come downstairs . ta , love . int . theatre : reading scene - day a wide shot . a open casting call in a off Broadway theatre . darkness , except for the work light onstage . a small group there -- onstage -- include the figure of bree . just offstage , the figure of director ( jang ) and a producer . and the rest of the theatre , the audience section , dot with the head of actor , actress wait for they turn . bree 's voice ring out across the gloom . bree -- why ? closer , onstage the other stand rigid as statue , face dead front -- a experimental drama , clearly -- all hold script , as bree hasten from one to another , fiercely , imploringly -- bree ( cont 'd ) why -- please , why ? -- why lose , why look ? why hate and give and want and love ? why get , grieve , g -- jang ( loudly , cheerfully ) thank you very much . all break posture , start offstage , while bree , catch in mid-stride , clown it a little . bree -- gug -- gug -- -- then toward jang , a bit succinctly , indicate script -- bree ( cont 'd ) why ? -- I want to know what . jang ( laugh tolerantly ) no , that be very good everybody . do we have all you resume ? producer ( from list ) Booth -- osman -- Zuff -- anjeris chaka . wider , near stage front . bree shrug , step down off stage with the other . bree find jang 's hand out for she script , smile wanly , turn it over , continue on out of scene . she find something - someone -- impede she way . look up . past bree to klute klute have edge out into the aisle to intercept she . ext . theatre entrance : greenwich village - day bree come out , turn . klute you ask if there be anything more you could help I with . bree when ? pause . impasse . klute I have check the record of Jane mckenna 's death -- I can not get anything special . but Frank ligourin have another girl you say , besides mckenna and you . bree arlyn page . klute do she and Jane mckenna know each other ? bree frankie keep they in the same apartment : it cut he travel - time . klute then maybe arlyn page know the dumper too . bree arlyn have a very big habit - heroin - she 's the one who start Frank . she 's strung out now ; you will not find she . klute you could help I find she . you know the people . ( as she turn away ) I will pay you a hundred dollar . bree I can make that in a lunch break ! ( then ) look , hiram , you be sure it be not just I ? -- you decide you like it , after all , the other night ; you will hang around for second ? klute do not worry . she examine he -- shrug -- turn , proceed along the sidewalk , klute accompany -- ext . discotheque - night in the small hour . the same place see previously , the gather place . klute , bree arrive and enter . int . discotheque - night klute and bree head toward the rear . her arrival cause a little stir . she exchange greeting with one or two , be watch by other . bree joanie -- Mike , hi -- ( to another , a negro girl ) hi Pat . PAT ( giggle ) hey bree honey , who you get ? bree a new daddy . I and he cute ? bree lead on to where -- past klute , bree to trina trina sit alone at a rear table -- anything but a whore in appearance -- a quietly beautiful , immaculately dress woman of about thirty . bree ( cont 'd ) trina this be klute . I tell you about he . trina oh yes Mr. klute -- will not you both join I ? ( as they sit ) and how do you like we fair city ? there 's so much here do not you think ? the museum and the book and the foreign film -- bree , have you see the godard film ? bree uh uh . trina oh you have get to . he do such fun thing with imagery . and I have be read the fall -- ( to klute , enunciate carefully ) -- the fall by ahlbair camoo -- it 's the same thing , you know the imagery -- bree ( patiently ) trina honey , he just want to find arlyn page . trina undergoe a change of demeanor . flatly -- trina why ? she 's a junkie . bree ( prod gently ) she be with you after she leave Frank . trina well she 's not now . ( then quavering --) I do everything for arlyn . I love arlyn I take she right into my apartment , my own sweet apartment on first . but she would not stay off it -- the junk -- and I wept and I plead and I hold she in my arm - and she start take thing , my thing , and sell they for horse . my clothes . we could have have everything together , everything -- and then the bitch sell my mink ! int . another late night spot - night we dolly with klute &amp ; bree as they walk in front of a row of table . this night spot be totally black except for a series of huge slide projection on the wall in back of the table . the slide , which change every few second be elegant representation of the beautiful people live the good life as see in such magazine as vogue , town &amp ; country &amp ; harper bazaar . the customer sit in the darkness below provide a direct contrast to the picture in back . the silhouette figure of bree &amp ; klute stop at a table seating three people , two call girl and a pimp . camera move in . first girl arlyn page ? second girl you will never catch up ; she 's grove out . bree gil ? the pimp look distrustfully at klute who reassure -- klute I be not look for she personally - someone she might know about . pimp ( shrug ; to bree ) try janie Dale . int . janie dale' penthouse it be a very small penthouse . klute &amp ; bree stand in the small live room wait for janie dale . there be two very casually dress prostitute sit around the live room . one sit at a upright piano play of all thing stranger in the night . another one sit on a couch talk to a Wall Street broker who be spend he lunch hour . klute find himself stare down into a pile of pornography magazine on the coffee table . bree be amused at he discomfort . janie dale , the madame , who have be on the phone in the back , put the receiver down and cross to the girl on the couch . janie look and talk a bit like lauren bacall . janie dale ( to girl on couch ) it 's old Mr. clean from Cleveland . he want to know when he can fly in and clean up the apartment and see you . I tell he I have all the clean equipment and that he can come anytime , but it 's up to you . girl on couch rise . girl you know he want we to be dominant . janie dale tell he that he would better have he ass in here by one o'clock on Monday afternoon or you will not let he clean the bathroom floor , and tell he the price have go up twenty buck -- Old dutcn cleanser 's not as cheap as it use to be . she shrug and turn to klute &amp ; bree . janie dale ( cont 'd ) you want to know about arlyn , honey ? I have to let she go dear . arlyn stop be reliable . ( explain to klute ) I deal with a high type client , business people , you understand ? I can not send they someone that 's all the time half zonk out . klute do you know where she go ? janie dale try momma reese . this be a cheaper apartient than janie dale be the girl look cheaper , and the customer , rather than Wall Street lawyer and broker , look more like out of town salesmen who stay at local motor inn . momma reese be older than janie dale , heavier and with no pretense at chic . she indicate that she have not see arlyn in some time . momma reese try Bill azure . if you can find he . int . EIGHT avenue bar - about 4 in the morning this be a hangout where black and white pimp wait to meet they whore after they night of street walk . this streetwalker world be far remove from the world of the call girl or the world of janie Dale . camera pan past a group of pimp at the bar take bet on whose girl have make the most money that night . camera then go on to reveal klute talk to another pimp ( azure ) . azure represent a clear step down from Frank ligourin . we catch only part of they dialogue . azure -- a couple week then she would drift off a couple of week , you know what I mean ? klute have you hear from she recently ? azure she like I all right but she have what she like better , you know what I mean ? we start fade SOUND as klute repeat -- klute have you hear from she recently ? -- and CUT to -- int . lingerie shop : proprietress , bree , klute proprietress -- she would come in and I would let she have something . why not ; she would be a good customer , a beautiful person , a beautiful beautiful person . again we fade sound a little before picture , then CUT to -- ext . outside adult movie theater : klute , streetwalkers - day or night outside theatre or bookstore - peepshow ; a 8th Avenue establishment . silent action this ( or voice under ) . klute confer with one girl who summon and consult another . they seem to know of arlyn -- have not see she recently -- refer he elsewhere -- ext . apartment house : mrs . vasek , klute - day a shabby place in a shabby neighborhood . Mrs. vasek , the landlady , shift barrel at the same time that she bark at klute , in heavy accent . mrs . vasek the whore , yeah . I throw out . klute do you know where she go from here ? mrs . vasek live like animal . her and the man . out . klute ( react ) be she live with a man ? we see klute persist - dissolve ext . wide shot : slum STREET - day we still hold wide to establish the scene . this be a genuine slum . we see bree , klute move along street . we see bree drop back a little , klute wait for she to catch up . ext . STREET : bree , klute klute what 's the matter ? bree ( glance about ) what the hell do you think 's the matter . ( then suggest ) I could wait for you someplace . klute if arlyn page be live with Tom grunemann -- bree ( eagerly ) -- then you do not need I . klute but if it 's someone else I do . he start on , simply assume that she will follow . ( there be a degree of acquaintanceship in they manners now - a reluctant collaboration . ) bree you sure pull a lot of mileage out of a hundred dollar . -- and follow on . he check number , then cross street diagonally toward a half - frame house . int . newark house - day a downshot from second floor level toward the entry way where klute &amp ; bree appear . klute strike a match to inspect the name of tenant . he and bree climb through stench and litter to the second floor -- a door . from somewhere near at hand come the sound of someone retching . a square of wood have be saw out of the door itself , remove handle and lock -- light sift through . klute hesitates , decide against knock , push in . int . arlyn' apartment - day the retching sound be come from the connect room . no one visible here . a very few barren piece of furniture . we hear arlyn' voice ask from the next room -- arlyn ( o.s. ) cappy ? arlyn enter rather eagerly . she see klute first , then bree -- recognize she -- retire flat against a wall , hold one palm outward to shield she face . she be unbelievably gaunt . Inside one elbow , look rather like a birthmark , we see a lacework of purple where she vein have pulped together . bree arlyn ? honey ? ( then ) look , it 's all right . from the connect room a man' voice ( berger 's ) call out hoarsely . berger ( o.s. ) be it cappy ? cappy ? -- bree arlyn , it 's all right . berger hasten , stumble , into the doorframe carry a car - radio with wire dangle , speak before he see they . berger cappy , I get a radio ! he stop for a instant face - to- face with klute . then turn , plunge out of view again . arlyn break after . arlyn no -- we hear the mumble and whisper of they voice from the connect room ( as she reassure he ) . bree look inquiringly at klute ( be that grunemann ? ) : he shake he head . pause , then arlyn reenter , wrapping she finger together timidly -- want they out -- she only purpose . arlyn ( cont 'd ) bree -- honey - please , we be wait for someone . bree arlyn , he just want to ask some question -- something you could help we about . arlyn can not you see I be strung out ? ( cry out ) please , we be wait for it -- he 's get to have it ! klute we will go . just something you could tell we , first . arlyn seem to accept the bargain . he indicate to bree to proceed , stand away a little . arlyn cover she elbow with one hand . bree manage as best she can . bree honey , a couple of year ago , with Jane and frankie ? -- Jane send I a dumper -- arlyn please , if he see you , he will not come ! bree arlyn , just tell I , do Jane have a dumper , one of she regular johns ? arlyn what about he ? yes . bree do he come around often ? klute hand grunemann 's picture to bree : bree show it to arlyn . arlyn inspect it , then uncertainly , weakly -- arlyn no . he be a older man hon . the dumper be older . klute do you remember he name ? what can you tell I about he ? we hear footstep - under , dimly - mount the stair . bree notice they first , klute persist with arlyn -- berger ( o.s. ) ( shout desperately ) arlyn , get they out . arlyn please , I be begging you . klute it 's important . arlyn that 's not the dumper , that 's all ! he be a older man ! klute can you give I any more description than that ? arlyn catch the footstep , dodge past he toward the door , intend to reassure -- arlyn cappy ? -- -- as the pusher , cappy , step in . all of this be very quick , simultaneous , a confusion of voice . cappy take one look at klute -- arlyn ( cont 'd ) it 's all right , they be all right -- -- turn and run . berger ( o.s. ) cappy ? -- cappy ? cappy 's footstep race away down the stair . berger plunge out from the connect room , still carry the car radio , shouting , pursue -- berger ( cont 'd ) cappy it 's all right ! I get a radio -- do not run , do not -- we hear he stumble and fall on the stair outside , the sound of body reeling down . arlyn shriek and race after : klute and bree follow . int . house : lower hall - day we see berger lie at the foot of the stair . as arlyn clatter down toward he , berger sway up onto he knee . his nose be bloody , he cry . arlyn cast herself on she knee beside he , pull he face against she , croon to he , soothes and tend he . arlyn oh baby -- no it 's all right -- oh my baby baby baby -- klute and bree be only a half - step behind . klute offer to assist : arlyn put he away ferociously . arlyn ( cont 'd ) get out ! ( to berger , again ) do not cry my baby ; I will find he , I will get it . baby , baby , do not cry . ( to klute savagely , incoherently ) leave we alone ! get out and get out and leave we alone ! ( to berger ) my honey , my baby , my baby -- we dissolve to -- int . subway train : reflection in window of bree and klute sitting side by side camera move in closer so we only see reflection of bree look at herself and at the world seem to speed by at a inhuman pace as the light of the tunnel zoom past she face . what she see be the figure of a woman with life scream past she out of control . int . subway subway slow to a stop and a door open . bree sit with klute stare at the open door and then without warning - get up and run off the train . the door close , leave klute lock in the train . subway exit shot of bree 's foot rush up the stair in darkness and then quick cut to she face as she hit the sunlight . she pause for a moment - relieved to be out of the darkness . ext . rooftop of bree's brownstone - night camera pan from night view of New York City to klute sit on the rooftop alone as if try to comprehend all he have see , the mystery of tom grunemann 's disappearance in this world and the mystery of the behavior of bree . skylight into bree's apartment - night alongside of he the skylight of bree 's apartment light up . he look through the skylight and see bree enter she apartment . he can hear bree talk to somebody , and then he see that she be talk to frank ligourin . klute watch through the skylight and hear bit and piece of the scene between bree and frank . he see the same kind of symbiosis , the same kind of parody of loving that he see between arlyn &amp ; berger . as the scene become more intimate he leave . int . cable' ( CITY ) office : on klute - day the pristine , antiseptic , elegance off cable' office be in its own way as unreal and dehumanize as the sexual underworld klute have be explore with bree , and klute look as out of place in the one as he do in the other . trask sit beside klute face cable who be impeccably dress . he be the total image of the executive in control . cable she would not be reliable anyhow -- a narcotic addict . klute I believe she , Pete . trask he 's right you know . wait for the pusher , she would tell you anything . klute I believe she : the dumper be not Tom grunemann . cable all right , suppose it be not Tom grunemann ; where do that get you ? klute ( smile ruefully ) it 's where it do not get I . I have get nothing leave that connect to anything . cable then , close the case . klute I better keep look . cable where , how ? klute ( the best he can offer ) I could try arlyn page again . she see much more of the dumper than bree Daniel . cable you just finish tell I she have nothing to offer . not Tom , you say , the dumper be clearly not Tom . klute it 's get to make sense some way . cable' secretary appear for a moment tapping she watch significantly . secretary Mr. cable -- they be meeting in Mr. camara 's office . cable yes evvie , thanks . gentlemen , I be sorry . they rise , dismiss . he sort a paper or two , continue to klute . cable ( cont 'd ) I be fly back out to Pennsylvania Friday ; I will fill they in on thing . klute how be it back there ? cable I think you be homesick . ( reflect ) I will be out at my camp over the weekend . Nice right now , that touch of fall in the air , that skim of frost in the early morning , very peaceful . ( briskly again ) John , I will be back here again Thursday ; I will be in touch . Lieutenant , thank you . klute and trask depart . cable close the door and return to he desk . he pull out a tape recorder from a drawer in he desk , rewind it and turn it on . we hear a playback of the previous scene with klute and trask . he stand at the window listen with some satisfaction ; as if listen to what klute reveal keep he in control of the situation . ext . window - cable' office - day the camera pull back from a cu of cable stand at the window to a wide angle look at cable through the window . the window be 30 or 40 storey high . the wide angle lens almost make the building look like it be stand on point , and cable , a man suspend in space . ext . wide shot : dock - day a tugboat have pull in . the SOUND of its heavy engine , idling , run underneath this entire sequence . a police vehicle or two have park at the head of the dock . we see several figure on the rear deck of the tug , but it 's not clear at this distance what they be do . the police car with klute arrive . he dismount and proceed from dock to tug-deck . ext . tugboat deck : group - day trask glance toward klute as he arrive , but do not greet he . his attention , like the other , be direct downward and off -scene ( to the surface of the water actually , just outboard of the tug ) . we see beside trask two uniform cop ( sugarman and spence ) and deckhand . and we hear , along with the throbbing of the engine , a stir about of the water and a peculiar third noise -- rather commingle with the engine -- which we can not at first identify . klute join the group , watch . spence bring into view , and shake out , a giant neoprene body bag . instruction among the group ad lib , under -- trask ( toward klute ) they be bring a freighter down through kill Van kull ; propeller wash it up on top . sugarman bring into view a metal basket attach with short rope . he complain -- sugarman why do not you bring it up on deck ? deckhand would you bring it up on deck ? they slip the basket downward , out of frame ( into the water ) . deckhand ( cont 'd ) ( to other ) mickey , get something . get the eel off . spence ( calmly ) they will drop off theirselves when she come out . we CUT to - berger - day we see berger sit huddle against the tugboat cabin -- we have not see he before -- with he hand bunched in front of he mouth . we identify the noise which may have puzzle we before -- he sobbing . downshot : surfaice of water , basket , body we catch a fleeting glimpse of the body be lift , just before it break the surface of the water . favoring klute klute look on as effect trace the processing of the body . spence kneel down out of frame to slide the bag around it . trask kneel down to make a brief examination -- straighten again . to klute -- trask it will go to the examiner . but I do not see nothin that mean nothin . we move with klute as he turn and move away a few foot along deck . here he stand . then sugarman move into view hold a clipboard . routinely -- sugarman you help we with id ? we can not get nothin from he . he indicate the direction of berger . klute examine the clipboard data . klute arlyn page be probably a alias . she go by the name Terry arlyn and June price . she may have be from Pittsburgh , someone tell I . I can give you a list of people who know she , if that would help to -- sugarman no point , thanks . klute be he claim the body ? sugarman uh uh , that would mean funeral expense . he spit , move back in the direction of the group ; klute continue to stand . berger move in he direction . brokenly -- berger man could you help I ? klute do not understand he purport , react instantly , sympathetically -- klute yeah , what ? berger you know , help I out . that 's my baby there , dead . I get to get up . klute stare at he -- a quiet horror -- as berger insist -- berger ( cont 'd ) man you do not know what that do to I , my baby dead -- klute -- you have get to get up . berger yeah . klute shove a bill in he hand , turn away very sharply , off the tugboat . ext . dock : klute - day klute walk a longer distance this time , sit down on one of the piling of the dock . watch he we see what might be a profound awe and grief at all this thing -- but be , in fact , a good deal more . effect , o.s. as Police vehicle be load , drive away and as tug toot , run up engine , put out again . trask move into scene , sit on another pile , look at he speculatively . silence . then -- trask that 's how the other one die , you know . in the water . klute ( nod ) I look it up . then -- ( we be assume a complete understanding here between klute and trask , non-verbal . what trask be ask , in effect , be : be this meaningful ? do we both suspect the same man ? ) trask well ? klute yeah . int . bree's apartment - day it be late afternoon , but bree be in she pajamas curl up in she bed . there be some magazine scattered around the bed and the television set be on a old movie . there be cracker crumb in the bed and a cup of coffee and a open jar of peanut butter with the knife stick out of the jar on the floor by the bed . it would seem that bree have spend most of the day in bed . she look like a unkempt child . the phone be ringing , but she do not answer it . the phone no sooner stop than the door bell ring . reluctantly she get out of bed and go to the door . she look through the spy hole and see klute 's face . she undoe two lock and a obviously new chain and bolt and open the door . bree well hello -- come on in . he barely enter the room . his manner be cool and remote . klute I think you ought to know , arlyn page be dead . bree how ? klute the same as Jane mckenna . bree ( she betray no reaction ) thanks for the jolly news . I think maybe you would leave town by now . you kind of just disappear . but you boy from tuscarora have a habit of disappear , do not you ? klute look around the disorderly room . the plant in the windowsill have never be in worse shape . they look as if she deliberately let they die of thirst . klute the next few week I would like to know where you be all the time . bree ( harshly ) why ? klute just let I know when you be go out and where -- bree what if i go out on trick - you wanna come along ? you could sit and read the National geographic . klute how can you do it to yourself ? bree ( coolly ) I do not get you . klute ligourin : how could you do it ? bree I tell you before , you would not understand . klute you be right , I do not understand . explain it to I . ( pause ) you be scared . arlyn page , that scared you . well it should ; that 's death . so what do you do , you run straight for it , death . ligourin kill woman . bree no . klute no , no you be right , I be sorry . he use woman ; he let they kill themselves . be that how you want it ? bree arlyn be a junkie ; I be not on junk ! klute no , you can find some other way . ( beat ) explain it to I . bree , show I any sense to -- bree ( scream , incoherently ) you get the Christ out ! you dumb stupid bastard , you do not know anything , you square , you get out ! I do not have to show you anything ; you get out ! klute go . int . klute' apartment - day the empty apartment . he enter , switch a light on ( dusk ) , toss aside jacket , bookcase , etc. , then sit down on the edge of he bed , with one foot propped up on it . footstep and a rap at the door . he look up , but do not move , do not answer . bree open it , enter . there be tear - track down she face , but she 's no longer cry . she try to smile , try to explain she want . then with the unhurry , graven composure of absolute desperation , she sit on the edge of the bed . bree if I ask you something , would you not laugh ? -- ask you to look at something ? she push up she sleeve , point at tiny spot on she arm - a freckle . he peer at it then at she puzzledly . bree ( cont 'd ) ( apologetic ) I think it be maybe change shape or something . klute look at it again . judiciously -- he show she a spot or two on he own forearm . she compare , be reassure . embarrassedly , she try to smile . it be unsuccessful . she get up and move about . her manner in general be totally unguard , honest , undramatic , search . bree ( cont 'd ) look -- I hate everybody ; and I be sorry for everybody ; and I be scared all the time . he only grunt . a sound like ' ok ' or ' all right ' -- a invitation to leave . but she will not be drive away . more urgently , helplessly : bree ( cont 'd ) look , I do not know either . it 's like the only thing I know how to do -- I feel safe . she 's leave the door a little ajar . he widen it for she . klute it 's be a full day . she push it out of he hand , push it shut . a little more angrily : bree please . klute we do this before . bree no. ( then ) well all right . but you want to and I want you to and we both know it and all right . klute ( evenly , slowly ) I do not like get splash . she accept it decently . tries to smile again , nod . bree ok ----- ok she gesture , try to find something more to say , move by degree toward the door -- and would succeed in leave . but then : klute --- bree --- stand still , she start again to cry -- and bravely to keep the cry to herself . the child bereft . he contend with himself , then cross to she , put he arm around she , soothes she hair . a completely asexual gesture at this point , a give of comfort . she cling , tremble , burrow . then -- a series of dissolves : the street outside , at different time of night interpose , with bree and klute at different time of love , as follow : ext . the STREET - day the street as we see it just previously ... still daylight ... still somewhat populate , but draw toward dusk . dissolve : int . klute' apartment : bpee , klute - night darkness now , or close to dark ; the room heavily shadow . bree and klute sit together on the bed . he still stroke she hair . he have pull a blanket around she shoulder . the transaction be still not overtly sexual , but the tenderness be more over . he rub he cheek against she forehead . she herself be quieter , comfort . she begin to stir against he . dissolve : ext . the STREET - night the street at night . eleven o'clock , let 's say . some light window ; a single car move past . dissolve : ext . the STREET - night all the window dark this time . the deep night , just before the sky begin to lighten . dissolve : int . klute' apartment : bree , klute - night klute be alseep -- more or less -- on he stomach . bree beside he lie awake . she trail she finger about he back . a rather tentative , exploratory business . her expression be more wonder than anything else -- what do she have here , and can she get use to it ? dissolve : ext . the STREET - day ( dawn ) the street 's first stirring . from not far off , the sound of trash can be collect . dissolve : int . klute' apartment : bree , klute - day ( dawn ) klute half sit up in bed . bree be fast asleep with she head pillow on he midsection . some humor in this shot : he want to move but do not want to wake she . at a point he risk it , reach out for something beside the bed . her eye open immediately . he put he hand on she face , try gently to press she back . klute go back to sleep . but she take he hand -- and retain it -- roll onto she back . still relaxed , but a little more separate , thoughtful -- a mixture of the bree we have see before and the bree we have glimpse , the possible bree . she observe : bree I be still scared . ( beat ) I mean different but still . ( frown ) look , I make it very clear from the start , you be a yokel , you do not excite I , you do not even interest I , and so I only have one question which be what the hell be you do in my bed ? klute my bed . she grin , then start to reach for he , still receptive -- then feel another ( and genuine ) pang , turn she head away sharply . bree oh ! he look at she with concern , but only caress she . she manage to explain -- bree ( cont 'd ) I be scared . the thing I do . the thing I could do to you . klute mm. bree no , not just ' mm ' . you do not know what I -- he settles himself beside she , make overture . she respond , but : bree ( cont 'd ) oh boy , say , you think you be pretty good . klute yup . she pretend to bite -- they tussle -- she feel a suddenly grow excitement , seize he . fiercely , welcomingly , full out . bree oh -- and we cut directly to : int . spangler' office : bree , spangler - day bree stand , angry , antagonistic , demand . in a way -- a bree-like way -- she 's seize psychiatry by the throat . bree the son of a bitch seduce I ! she wait . spangler say nothing . bree ( cont 'd ) I know : it 's ridiculous . but it 's tear I up and I do not know why . and look , all right , I come here do not I ? and if I have to , I will keep come here , the work , and talk about my mummy and my daddy and I will even pay for it , but will you kindly for God 's sake say something ? spangler ( smile ) I would just be guess . bree guess ! spangler maybe this be not just a trick . maybe you be in danger of real love , real involve -- bree ( primly , distintly ) I do not love he . spangler ( undeterred , suggest ) you have spend you life avoid this . you will try hard to deny it ; you be quite likely to destroy it . we CUT to : ext . the plaza of lincoln CENTER sunlight be beam on the graceful fountain and elegant architecture . group of cheerful tourist be admire the civilized monument to man 's search for culture . camera pan to ugly street across the way revealing klute approach and enter a dingy warehouse top by a absurdly place copy of the statue of Liberty . this be the municipal storehouse . int . municipal storehouse - day the abrupt cut from the bright sunlight leave we in almost total darkness as we follow klute . we be in a huge storeroom . as we grow accustom to the darkness we see bit and piece of incongruous object scattered along klute 's path - old piece of furniture , lamp , piggy bank , etc . - the remnant of the life of the plunder , the destroy and the dispospess . some be steal property , some evidence for homicide case , and some the unclaim possession of the unclaim dead . a custodian -- a ancient retainer sort , a civil servant , lead klute into a old elevator cage . int . elevator klute and custodian as elevator ascend ; look up the elevator shaft through the open cage we see a series of door hang over space seem to lead nowhere . the whole sequence have the feel of a dream of be lose in a black limbo . klute and custodian leave elevator on higher floor and walk down the long very low corridor past row of lock vault door . the custodian stop at one and open it . we be in a small dungeon - like room fill with bank of file from floor to ceiling . the custodian count to himself -- custodian four -- five -- what number would I say ? klute four ninety - seven , Jane mckenna custodian find it , unlock for klute 's inspection . reaches for paper klute 's hold . custodian -- and I keep the authorization , please . klute I think there would be more . klute poke through a small collection of personal effect -- perhaps a ankle bracelet , rabbit foot , fade snapshot of a child , some letter , pitiful remnant of Jane mckenna 's life . klute close the drawer , and the front of the drawer be mark mckenna , jane ? over the visual material of klute 's trip through the warehouse we hear wild track voice over bit and piece of bree talk with the psychiatrist . bree ( v.o. ) all right . loneliness . ( space ) well -- separate . from other people . forgotten . ( space ) well , as if I can be here , I can go through the motion , right ? but the truth be , I do not belong . spangler ( v.o. ) ( prompt mildly ) do not belong ? bree ( v.o. ) ( snappishly ) do you always have to repeat ? spangler ( v.o. ) sorry . ( then ) bree ( v.o. ) well it 's more than loneliness . hate . people hat I -- and watch I and follow and wait to hurt I -- you know ? I be all screw up . spangler ( v.o. ) you think people hate you . bree ( v.o. ) the truth be I hate they : they must hate I . all right , the money . ( pause ) all right , not the money . a kind of put -on . it get thing back together . ( pause ) well let 's say I would go to one of this cattle - call , a tryout . I mean before -- before I get this job -- and they would always say thank you very much and i'd feel , you know , bring down . they do not want I . spangler ( v.o. ) do not want you . bree ( v.o. ) ( snap ) I say that . ( resume ) well , so you have a choice . you can either feel lonely -- you know , the hate -- or -- ( then more rapidly , plunging ) so you take a call and go to a hotel room and there 's some John you have never see before , but he want you . he must , he 's pay for it . ( beat ) and usually they be nervous and that 's all right , too , because you be not ; you know this thing . and then for a while , boy , they really pay attention , you be all there be . ( beat ) and it 's not real and you do not have to even like they -- you can even hate they , it 's all right , it safe -- you know ? int . projection room - missing person bureau on the leave a portion of the original obscene letter . on the right a series of comparison document -- beginning with a portion of a personal letter . we hear trask's , klute' voice over , and occasionally cut to they as -- trask's voice ( skip , summarize ) all right , there 's Tom grunemann , you be right , different margin , different space absolutely , sloppy , right . klute' voice mm . trask's voice all right , try this next guy . the right -hand document be switch . klute , trask klute react . trask think this be we guy ? klute I do not know . it look familiar to I . trask think it might . it 's off a arrest report you type two year ago . man you want sample of everybody . then -- with subdued satisfaction , switch the projector again . trask ( cont 'd ) now the next cat . mm ? screen ; document trask's voice same margin top and side . he do best with he middle finger ; you get fainter registration from outside key like q , a , L , p and like that . next thing look around apostrophes , how he hit the space bar before -- klute &amp ; trask - staring at projection klute but what reason could he have ? what possible reason ? trask unless he be involved with grunemann 's disappearance . klute I know Tom never write that letter . trask what else do you know ? klute I never could believe that Tom be a split personality . I never believe he be a dumper ; and I do not believe he disappear of he own volition ; and I do not believe he 's alive . trask we have some very tentative circumstantial evidence of freeky behavior , but there 's no evidence of murder - there 's not even a body . klute I do not believe Tom 's alive . as klute talk he pace back and forth in the darkness . he cross in front of the light screen ; the letter project on the screen ripple over he face . klute ( cont 'd ) but why ? why ? int . missing person bureau klute and trask be see enter from the projection room . in the background we see a old black woman sit in front of the picture file of unidentified dead , carefully study each picture . in the foreground klute sit down at a phone and dial . klute yes , Mr. cable 's office , please . camera go in close on klute . cable' voice ( through telephone ) John , how be you ? klute I will be send you on a report tonight . cable' voice it 's a beautiful day in tuscarora - I do not envy you that humidity in the city . klute it 's not so bad . there be a silence . both klute and cable seem to be wait for one or the other to make the next move . klute ( cont 'd ) would you like to know what 's in it ? the report . cable' voice ( obligingly ) what 's in it ? klute I think Tom grunemann 's dead . I have be a lot of place - I have ask a lot of people . I have find no proof he 's around . I have find no proof he be ever around . cable voice how do you go from that to the idea Tom 's dead ? suicide you be suggest ? he kill himself ? klute ( plodd , unemphatic ) he could have be murder . cable' voice I be sure the FBI and the Police explore that possibility . klute no . they never do , really . but that 's what I be go to recommend . the next step . unless something -- cable' voice have you discuss this with they ? klute it 's in the report . cable' voice do they have the report ? have you discuss it with they ? klute I want to give it to you first . cable' voice all right . all right -- ( then ) John , just sit tight will you ? I will read you report , I will discuss it with the other . I will be back next Thursday , we will talk the whole thing over then . nothing till Thursday , all right ? klute all right . cable' voice thank you . Goodbye , John . klute Goodbye , Pete . klute hang up . klute ( cont 'd ) he be always at they house on holiday . Tom and Holly always have he , over on holiday . Tom feel sorry for he - he whole life be work . Tom feel sorry for he . the old black lady motion to trask who cross to she . she point to a picture in the file . she have obviously find she miss person among the photograph of the unidentified dead . she start to stand but then sit again , obviously shake . klute cross to she and gently help she out of the chair . he see in she face the same sense of loss he feel for he friend . ext . outdoor market - EIGHT avenue - night klute &amp ; bree bree examine and feel fruit in some imitation of a very shrewd and experience housewife shopper . she be obviously enjoy she sense of domesticity , and klute be amused by she enjoyment . outdoor nursery - EIGHT avenue - next to market the nursery be a absurdly cheerful spot of greenery in the midst of the dirty chaos of the avenue . klute and bree wander through the plant . bree I see Mr. faber. ( beat ) you remember Mr. faber , do not you ? klute ( controlledly ) yeah . bree be that all you have to say ? klute what be I suppose to say ? bree well , I tell he I would not - uh - go there any more . ( pause ) I know it 's tough to understand , but it be not easy . you see , he be nice to I . I mean , it be not just he . I get something out of it too I guess . anyway , I tell he I would not go there anymore . she be like a child await praise from she teacher . klute say nothing . they continue walk among the plant and he pick up a few that she have admire . klute well , here 's you gold star . consider he contempt for all the dead plant life he have see in she apartment in the past , she be pleased by this act of belief in she . bree spangler say we have a relationship . klute what ? bree you and I -- a relationship . klute I be wonder what that be . bree ( beat ) Hell there 's nothing so mysterious about the square life . ext . brownstone entryway - night bree , klute approach unhurriedly along the sidewalk . she be hold he arm , hum to herself , enjoy the evening . int . stairwall - night we follow they up . int . angle into bree apartment - night the apartment be a shamble -- furniture overturn , decoration rip from the wall , bedding scattered and rip . int . bree apartment - night klute jettison the grocery bag , thrust himself inside , look quickly about , find no one . bree follow more slowly , whisper : bree oh Jesus . oh Jesus . klute do not touch anything . he move quickly to the rear of the apartment , look at the rear window which have be break inward in a litter of glass -- then return to the table at the front of the apartment ; he folder . bree crack wise , unsteadily . bree you suppose he 's a marry fella ? angle to table ; folder the content of the folder have be spill across the table and -- we zoom in -- the photograph of Tom grunemann sort out and rip apart , even the company picnic photograph have be painstakingly tear , specifically to destroy the image of grunemann in the front row . klute he stand , look down , take no notice as -- bree he get in my clothing ! then a moment later , she cry out again , more sharply : bree ( cont 'd ) oh. oh. he turn quickly . she be hold out , at arm length , a pair of she underpant . with a disgust so extreme she can only laugh . bree ( cont 'd ) oh look what he do in they . klute Drop it . she do not respond . he seize she arm , shake the garment back onto the floor . she start to gag , slap she hand over she mouth , start for the bathroom . klute yank she back . klute ( cont 'd ) stay out of there . she twist free of he hand , back away . the same elementary terror we have see before . klute ( cont 'd ) listen to I : it 's all right . I have be expect something . bree ( full out , vengefully ) my God , I think it be over . and here I be , daddy , right back at the start . klute bree -- bree right back at the start , right ? klute go down in my room . bree you say it be over , right ? you say not to worry any more , all over , right ? she 's break for the door ; it 's questionable that she 's even hear he . he have not time to pursue -- shout again -- klute go down in my room and wait . then he turn back into the apartment . int . bree's apartment - day a downshot to underpant ( as if from klute 's Pov , connect directly to the previous shot ) -- then a flashbulb go off and a hand and pair of tong enter frame and flip the garment into a collect box and we widen to reveal that it 's now daylight and the scene have be invade by police technician . one be a photographer ; another , a fingerprint man , be spraying surface with a can of fixative . in the foreground klute and trask be talk with Ross , the FBI man . Ross be look through a dossier on cable that klute have compile . over the follow conversation we show closeup of material in the dossier . it contain photograph of cable and he life from childhood to the present - include picture of he with he mother and father - she a very dominant look lady and he a very passive look man ; also graduation picture and picture with he former wife take when he be still a very young man . they be the personal image of a life time . ross ( to klute ) but if cable kill grunemann why would he get you hire to look for grunemann ? klute because he know I could not leave the case alone . and this way at least he would keep track of it . and I . ross what about grunemann 's letter to the girl , everything like that ? trask cable 's letter , cable 's phone call . cable 's everything else . he 's be a dumper a long time . he just pass off he own peculiar habit on the other man -- it keep thing goin ' . ross ok , pretend I believe you . tell I how you get a indictment . trask can not . yet . oh we get everythin ' else : first rate evidence cable type that dumper letter to bree Daniel . and Jane mckenna : klute find a couple in she personal remain . we get date of cable 's trip here coincidin ' with phone call to bree Daniel , also the date of death of mckenna and page . we get some hint of he personal history . his father , unsuccessful salesman , commit suicide when he be 13 . his mother pin all she hope on she son . he win a national science youth award at the age of eight . they have no money , but she hire special tutor for he in the summer time . she see a good thing . he graduate from high school at 14 -- college at 16 -- no friend -- the kid in he class think of he as a freak . he get he Ph.D. at 18 -- marry at age 21 to he then employer 's daughter . the marriage last 4 week . her father have it annull . she say he be impotent . World War ii he get in bad trouble about a german girl , no detail . we think we know why he kill grunemann -- he find out cable be a dumper ; cable could not take that . we think we know why he kill mckenna -- she want to blackmail he for it . all fine . but we get no body , no direct witness , we can not go any - damn - where . klute that 's the reason i tell he we have no evidence Tom be still alive . we want to shake he into another phone call or another letter . it do not work out just that way . the technician , meanwhile have pack to depart . the first technician scoops the tear up photograph into another collect box . trask retrieve the company outing photograph . trask gov , want to leave I that one . how come he get to play with this one , anyway . klute I leave they here . I be do some work here . trask eye klute for a moment , as if a querying he relationship with bree . klute be clearly unresponsive . trask resume . trask it 's damn lucky you do not have the dossier on cable here . klute nobody 's see that . trask if we get anything from the lab , we will have it by noon . and just think -- all he really have to do be write we a letter . ross sound to I you better shake he again . put he in a spot he have to do something more -- but this time give he a time and a place to do it . klute he call this morning from tuscarora . ask I to meet he at 3:00 at the downtown heliport . he 's on he way to Chicago . trask he sure chalk up a lot of flight time . klute start gather he papers we CUT to -- int . stairwell : bree - day bree come up the stair meet the technician come down -- stand aside to let they pass -- start up again and come face to face with klute . on she part we see a wish to be reconcile -- a shyness mix with defiance -- but klute 's manner be arduous . she smile nervously , ask -- bree ah , schmendrick -- what 's the scam ? klute that be police laboratory people , they have be over the apartment . bree ( mock delight ) oh zippidy - doo , they will find my fingerprint . ( then ) can I go in ? I need some stuff . he nod ; she start by . then -- klute where would you spend last night ? bree with trina . klute I call trina . bree maybe I be not there when you call . klute bree , what 's actually happen ? it be not that bad . bree ( cut in harshly ) how do you know how bad it be ? klute why could not you stay here with I ? bree because I do not want to be touch ! I do not think you would get that ! pause . then , evenly -- klute trask want to talk with you . she start on , then turn back toward he -- rather pleadingly -- bree hey -- look officer -- I can explain everything . it be just -- you know , everything all of a -- klute trask want to talk with you . she continue on up ; klute continue down . int . bree's apartment - day enter without greeting trask ( he manner be not uncivil but simply neutral , unreact , cop-like ) she quickly gather up a few property , a change of shoe . trask miss Daniel , be sensible , you find another place till we get thing clean up . bree ( brightly ) oh well that should not take you more than another , oh , two and a half or three year , should it ? trask a few more day . we know who do this . bree so do i. trask no , not grunemann . he 's dead . the man that kill he -- also prob 'ly Jane mckenna , also arlyn page . she spin around -- mute -- terrify . bree ( manage ) arlyn and Jane commite suicide . he say they commite suicide . trask now there 's a picture I would like you to -- bree you say someone kill they , you say you know who , you say that . trask well we be pretty -- bree why be not he lock up ? trask we do not want to just lock he up ; we want a conviction , we want he to do something more . bree be that why klute do not tell I ? trask I guess he figure it be better . bree what be better ? I make better bait ? trask no , that 's not -- bree be that what he set I up for ? everything he 's tell I from the beginning ? -- do not worry , do not -- trask ( coldly ) from the beginning I do not know why the hell he 's messin with you . if he be I he would know better . if he be even a city boy he would know better . you be a whore miss Daniel , that 's the truth of it , right ? now something I would like you to look at . bree I do not have to look at anything . I do not have -- trask here please . he coerce she to the table and unroll the company outing picture . ( we see the rip extend up through the image of Tom grunemann in the front row . ) bree oh no . trask like for you to look for the man . bree grunemann ? I have look at he a -- trask have clamp he thumb over the tear image of grunemann , indicate with the other hand -- trask no. not grunemann . the dumper . just look around -- I say look for the dumper . we see she comply -- she eye move over the row of face . then we see she stiffen , hear she gasp -- bree oh ! -- -- and we CUT to -- int . downtown heliport - day cable welcome klute . his outer manner be warm , voluble , congratulatory -- cable sorry we have to meet here . but I be press for time . klute well there 's a couple -- cable I read you report . I have to go along with it -- the idea of this be a wild goose chase , Tom be nowhere around -- klute well as a matter of -- cable I have be up country , you know my summer place , my camp . I do not even have a telephone there . this morning they send a messenger out , that you would be try to call I . klute yeah . cable I be on my way to Chicago . very important meeting tonight . well -- any new development ? klute yeah , two thing Pete , that -- cable you say trask be arrange laboratory work . Police laboratory . anything from that ? klute yeah . it be not Tom . cable I be sorry . I do not understand . klute it be not Tom that break in the room . cable it have to be Tom . you say he rip up he own picture , he -- klute not Tom . whoever it be leave a kind of souvenir , I tell you , in she clothing . semen . the laboratory get a blood group read from that . the man be blood type 0 ; Tom be a ab . cable ( slowly ) some mistake perhaps that -- klute no. no mistake Pete . it do not prove who it be -- but prove it be not Tom . cable you must be discourage . klute ( prosaically ) not too bad . this bring back that dumper in the picture . cable that who ? klute dumper , the man bree Daniel mention and arlyn page know and Jane mckenna know . cable you say he be no possible connection with Tom . the page girl tell you that , not Tom . klute someone 's be do all this thing . cable you be hire to look for Tom , not someone . klute Pete , I have get a chance to buy Jane mckenna 's black book . cable what ? klute call -girl generally keep a book , you know , a list of they client . sometimes , if a girl retire , she will even sell it worth good money . Jane mckenna have a black book ; when she die it be steal . I have be after it a long time . cable you be hire to look for Tom . klute I be meeting a man tomorrow night . he want to meet I on East - River drive -- he want five hundred dollar for the book . can you get that for I Pete ? sometime -- right along about now -- it privately come to cable that klute may know everything and that he , cable , may be be trap . cable I can not follow you . klute will the company put up five hundred dollar to get Jane mckenna 's list of client ? cable no . it 's ridiculous . this have nothing to do with Tom grunemann . klute ( shrug , stolidly ) it probably have the dumper 's name . it might give we some kind of new lead . ( beat ) I want a look at it anyhow . cable klute , the company 's interest be Tom grunemann . solely and exclusively . you say you can not find Tom ; all right , I will see that you be pay off ; the case be close . klute all right , but I be go to see that list . helicopter flight be announce over loud speaker and cable and klute walk onto field . ext . helicopter field people be board helicopter . cable why would they deal with you ? you do not know this people . klute be momentarily at a loss -- not a question he would prepare for -- improvise . klute no , but bree do . she 's negotiate for I . bree Daniel . cable take a instant to compute the thing . then -- cable I can talk it over ; possibly I can get the money . when be you meeting the man ? klute tomorrow evening , nine . East River drive and 73rd Street . cable suppose I meet you there a half hour before . klute just send I a money order . cable no , I would -- like to be in on it . attendant come over to motion cable onto the helicopter . klute smile awkwardly , raise he hand in a goodbye gesture . klute well -- cable tomorrow . see you tomorrow night . int . helicopter cable sit down next to window . the helicopter begin to rise . camera go into a medium close shot of cable against the helicopter window . the helicopter ascend in front of a very tall office building make up of endless glass square . a telephoto lens bring the glass square of the building directly against cable 's head and shoulder give we the feel that cable be almost levitate by himself . as one floor after another disappear behind he we see a almost manic exhultation in cable 's face ; as if he be on top of thing once more . ext . STREET outside brownstone - day we bring klute along street , and into the brownstone . int . stairwell - day klute climb the stair to bree 's apartment -- knock . he wait . no answer . he call once -- klute bree ? no answer . he start downstairs again -- then turn back , unlock the door himself , enter . int . bree's apartment - day the room be still disorder . bree and Frank ligourin look at he , silently . bree have be assemble armful of dress to carry away with she . Frank sit nearby in a chair . klute smile a little -- almost apologetically . klute I be always get surprise . bree do not answer . she set the armload of dress over the back of a chair , move aside to get other . Frank smile cautiously , ruefully . then -- klute ( cont 'd ) I do not want you to do this . he still do not extract a answer . she return with other dress . klute ( cont 'd ) please . I say I do not want you to do this . bree ( tight , small ) trask say I should move . let 's not make a thing of it . he continue to look at she ; she continue to gather possession . then try to smile , to deal with it casually -- bree ( cont 'd ) look , too much be go on here . I be move in with another girl , that 's all . just for a while . frank ( helpfully ) that 's right . this other girl 's get a very big apartment , big , plenty of room . ( then ) look , it 's not necessarily how it look , right ? it 's -- he think better of continue . klute look from he back to bree . he speak gravely , space he word -- unable to speak any faster . klute no. please . not with this son of a bitch . Frank rise , both nervous and offended -- but deal with klute as between civilized man . smiling . frank klute , let 's handle it like grownup ? I mean we be all grow up now , right ? ( venture forward ) -- we all respect each other , you know what I mean ? -- I respect you , bree respects you -- you could say , it just do not work out between you and she . but you get to respect she too -- you know , she best interest , best for she -- klute hit he , pursue , recover , and start to beat he . blood thickly descend the side of Frank 's face , as he struggle away . bree be scream . bree grab at he from behind . he thrust she off . but it allow Frank to break away through the still - open door . klute pursue . int . landing at door - day Frank clatter down a stair as klute arrive in the doorframe , and as bree , behind klute , scream -- bree no ! klute be restrain -- restrain himself . Frank have face around on the stair , still bleed extravagantly from he tear scalp . earnestly -- frank hey , I be gonna get you drop . klute start 's out after he -- Frank vault away down the stair -- we hear he stumbling and run -- klute face sharply around into the apartment . int . bree's apartment - day past klute to bree . she be run away from he again , to a corner of the apartment , fumble at a sewing basket . he start in , after she . klute ( indistinctly ) please -- two shot she swing about as he overtake she , hold a pair of scissors -- simply and transcendently terrify . she strike at he , slashing he forearm . he and she stand in absolute silence . he look down at the stain of blood spread through the fabric of he jacket sleeve . then he turn out of the room and down the stair . ext . bree's brownstone - day klute come out of door -- go down step to he own apartment . a passerby stop he for direction and do not seem to notice the blood on he sleeve . klute go into he apartment . int . bree's apartment : bree - day bree be in the middle of dial the phone . her hand be shaking ; she misdial -- hold down the receiver for a moment then start again . int . klute' apartment : klute - day klute stand in silence for a moment or two -- then take rather more note of he forearm . ( not urgently but practically ; it behoove he to stop bleed . ) he turn toward the bathroom , pull he jacket off with the other hand . int . bree's apartment : bree - day bree speak to the phone , try to make a simple point , try to keep she voice even . bree -- until he get back . ( beat ) yes I hear you , I understand that . I say I be go to come over , I will wait until he get back . she hang up before the other party can object in detail -- take up she purse and go out , not even close the door behind she . int . klute' apartment : bathroom : klute - day klute have knotted a hand - towel around he forearm , now use tooth and finger to pull the end tight . then -- intend to clean up -- he take up a washcloth , reach for the faucet -- ext . bree's brownstone - day bree come out of door - go down step - hesitates in front of klute 's apartment struggle with the question of whether to knock . camera pull back to reveal we be watch she through the windshield of a car in the parking lot across the street . camera pull back further to reveal the back of cable 's head as he sit in the car watch she . bree start to knock on klute 's door but stop herself and walk down the street . cable 's head move out of the shot . we hear the sound of the car door open and close . through the windshield we see cable cross in front of the car and start to follow bree down the street . int . klute' apartment : bathro0m : klute - day klute finish mop up . SOUND of telephone . he turn back out of the bathroom and answer it . klute hello ? ( listen , then soberly - ) trask , I do not get that . ext . STREET : bree - day bree be about a quarter block away from the brownstone now , hurry . she wave in the direction of a cab , miss it , continue on . we CUT to -- ext . STREET : cable - day cable stand look after she , hesitates over choice of action , decide to follow . ext . STREET : figure : past bree to cable - day we establish the distance between they -- cable 100 or so foot behind she , unnotice by she , maintain about the same pace , not -- at this point -- try to overtake ( perhaps wait for less populate surroundings ) we CUT back to -- int . klute' apartment : klute - day klute continue he phone conversation , short speak . klute who tell you , he secretary ? ( listen ) have someone check he hotel ? he always stay at the -- ( then ) I will look around , I will call you back . he hang up . first he check out the window ( but - if we want to be accurate - from mid room , without directly approach the window themselves ) . then he secure a pistol from he jacket ( and fold the jacket itself over he arm to conceal it , as a matter of public decorum ) , and go on out . int . stairwell : klute - day klute 's manner , over the next few minute , exhibit a absolute , untheatrical , care and competence . a man -- cable -- may in fact be hide here somewhere to kill he . he set about check the likely place -- first of all the lower hallway , then the stairwell itself , move steadily unalarmedly up . at the top he note -- but still without main concern that bree 's door be open . he call ahead -- klute bree -- int . bree's apartment : klute - day he enter , puzzle , start check around ( quite thoroughly ; she might be hide from he ) . we CUT back to -- ext . street : bree ; figure of cable - day bree move past construction work , through one of that temporary pedestrian passageway . behind she , nearer than before we see the figure of cable . int . stairwell - day klute come quickly back downstairs , back into he room , take up the phone . through the still - open door we watch he begin dial -- then CUT to -- int . spangler be ( outer ) office - day bree sit isolate on the wait - room couch . she may have be here for fifteen minute -- or a hour . she turn the page of a magazine -- one hand , without even lift it from the coffee table , with a absolute lack of interest , a mechanical gesture . we hear footstep approach directly toward where we be watch bree sit . lela ( o.s. ) Mrs. Daniel -- wider - two shot bree look up in a kind of freeze terror , as the Secretary smile nicely -- lovingly down at she . lela -- I have to close up now . leave you name and number with he message service , Mrs. Daniel , and why do not you just go home and wait until he -- bree no . lela well I have to close up now . bree look -- could I use you phone ? lela yes indeed . bree look . I almost kill my -- I almost kill someone . lela ( the same tone , completely ) well I be certain Doctor spangler will want to talk with you ; excuse I . bree move to the desk and telephone . but we move with the Secretary as she move into spangler 's inner office and switch out the light ( establish time change : dusk now ) and as we hear , o.s. , the sound of dialing and bree's voice -- bree ( o.s. ) be Mr. faber there ? ( beat ) Mr. faber senior . int . garment build : faber' office : faber - day ( night ) Mr. faber 's phone buzze ; he pick it up . faber yes ? ( then , glance about ) bree ? int . spangler ( outer ) office : bree on phone - day ( night ) bree ( haltingly ) -- I be -- I just have to talk to someone . I be just a little way across town -- faber , on phone ( office ) faber yes - yes dear , yes -- maybe half a hour , sure , yes . he hang up . a ancient stir , a kind of triumph . he glance about , then tighten he tie . then it come to he , after all -- he take note of himself -- he lean forward against he desk and rub he forehead with old bony finger . we CUT to - int . klute' apartment - day ( night ) klute on phone . klute trina , will you call I if you hear from , she ? will you check other people she might call ? yeah , if it be not trouble I would not ask vou . he hang up , immediately start to dial again , then pause to check a list he 's laid out by the telephone . while he 's do this , he phone ring . klute ( cont 'd ) yeah ? ( then ) nothing yet , trask ; I be go down the list . I have try spangler 's office and spangler 's home ; I just get he message service . I will keep -- ( interrupt -- listen -- then -- grimly ) I may have steer cable that way . I tell he bree be deal for I , for Jane mckenna 's book . have you find any -- he be interrupt again -- trask waste no word on he end of thing -- nod once -- klute ( cont 'd ) yeah . -- and depress the receiver just long enough to clear the connection , and start dial again -- we CUT to -- int . stairway of garment build - day ( night ) quitting time . as bree enter from street level , employee be come down the stair , push past she . she continue up on until at one point -- one more officious or more communicative than the other inform she -- foreman Lady , it 's close up there . bree what ? foreman we be close up , quit time , faber . bree ( unsurely ) I have a appointment with Mr. faber . foreman oh , yeah . he let she pass , glance after she like the other , continue on he way . int . garment build : faber reception area - day ( night ) bree arrive at the head of the stair -- as still other press past she on they way down -- and come more or less directly up against the thickset receptionist . she be pack she purse , prepare to depart , look somewhat challengingly at bree -- who see no way to avoid the issue . bree I have a appointment with Mr. faber . receptionist in there . ( turn , bawl ) Mr. faber -- bree go on nervously in the direction indicate , toward -- a corner of office : nathan faber nathan stand bend over a bench with back to camera , confer with another man as bree approach -- look to we , as to she , exactly like he father . we hear the receptionist 's voice repeat -- receptionist ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Mr. faber -- as bree near he , he straighten and turn -- a much young man . bree stop short , recognize the error . nathan yes ? bree I be sorry -- Mr. faber senior . nathan ( calmly ) my father go home about fifteen minute ago ; he be not feel too good . she have already start away . he call after she evenly -- nathan ( cont 'd ) can I help you ? she look back quickly , smile nervously -- bree it be not important . but we hold on he for a moment as she continue out of scene -- until he turn away to other matter . then -- reception area : receptionist , bree bree return toward receptionist , awkwardly -- bree do Mr. faber leave a message for I or anything ? Mr. faber senior ? bree Daniel . receptionist oh , I think that be for tomorrow . the receptionist riffle through a stack of assort envelope -- hand one out to bree -- and promptly take she way off . out . bree start to open the envelope then and there -- but other continue to move past she . she seek a more private place . rows of garment bree shelter herself out of sight from everyone else -- though we continue to hear intermittent voice , o.s. and continue to maintain the sense of other presence . we see she open the envelope -- closer : bree , envelope she find nothing inside but money -- bill total fifty dollar . we see she look for a message , find nothing . it come to she slowly that she 's be pay off and avoid . she bite she lip in pain . she push back out of hide -- receptionist area -- back to the reception area again . ( by now this immediate scene have emptied , though we catch sight of a figure or two at scene-start , move through the background , and continue to hear a occasional noise or voice o.s . ) bree look about for someone -- then scout for a pencil , find one in a desk ( or bench ) drawer , start to readdress the envelope ( to direct it back to Mr. faber ) . then she break off from that , take up a phone instead , dial -- wait -- then -- bree bree Daniel . have he call in yet ? well if he do , I be at -- ( read phone ) -- two seven eight , three one hundred , and I guess I can wait here five minute ; then I will try from somewhere else . ( impatiently ) just tell he bree Daniel ; he know who . she hang up , go back to readdress the envelope . footstep be approach in she direction . she glance up apologetically . bree ( cont 'd ) Mr. faber , I just want to leave this for you father , and I wonder if you would -- she pause -- angle past bree to cable cable hasten toward she along a lane of garment . in this brief glimpse a ludicrous and terrifying figure -- a noise , a gesticulation ( actually the gesture be arm out , palm downward , intend as a quieting gesture ; and the hiss noise be intend as a shushing ) . bree cry out , turn to run -- bree ( cont 'd ) someone -- -- as we immediately , even as she 's turn , CUT to -- int . klute' apartment : klute - day ( night ) klute speak quietly but with terrible urgency into the phone ( deal evidently with a ethically skittish message service at the other end ) . klute do she leave a number ? ( beat ) this be a police call ; do not make I take time to prove it . do she leave a number ? what be the number ? ( beat ) what be the number ? -- int . garment build - day ( night ) cable and bree . they be at some remove from the site of cable 's first appearance ; there be other evidence of time - lapse . cable 's manner be that of slightly - strain patience -- a civility -- a attempt now and then to smile . bree watch he every slight gesture , quiver to make a break for it , try throughout to buy time . cable can not we talk together reasonably , just -- ordinarily ? ( beat ) I know you be expect some kind of -- extravagant behavior , but believe I -- do you believe I ? -- bree yes -- all right -- cable -- we can talk -- bree -- yes . cable all right , then , a ordinary matter . I be a quite well off man , I have a -- position to respect . I would feel personally uncomfortable to be connect with a -- certain kind of woman , I be sure you understand . do you ? well I would like to buy Jane mckenna 's book . he look at she discerningly . she seem not to have follow he exposition . he try patiently to clarify it . cable ( cont 'd ) her black book , Jane mckenna 's , she list of -- of person . I be tell you be negotiate for it on behalf of -- the phone ring , a explosive noise . bree startles . it have be put on night -ring , to sound all over the loft , and the noise be deafen . but -- the most bizarre element be cable 's absolute lack of response to it . it ring and ring as he talk and talk -- in the same expository tone as before , without raise he voice . it drown out most of he word -- at most we catch only odd phrase of all the follow -- but he seem not to hear it any more than the clamor of other thing torture he soul . cable ( cont 'd ) that be what klute tell I -- you be negotiate for he to buy that list . and I be in a position to pay a good deal more for it than he can . do you understand ? I would like you to acquire it on my -- ( beat ) miss Daniel , do you not understand ? ( beat ) miss Daniel , I can not tell whether you understand I . ( beat - still reasonably ) be this something klute just invent ? be this a trap for I , miss Daniel ; do klute know about I ? he turn and lift a phone ( one of the extension phone situate around the loft ) -- though up to now he 's give no evidence of even hearing the ringing . he just stand hold the phone for a time , then lower it back on the receiver . with a sort of absolute quiet -- cable ( cont 'd ) you have no idea what I be talk about . bree yes -- Jane mckenna 's book -- I could make a phone call . cable no , you be frighten , you be pretend . well -- klute know about I then . do everybody know , can you tell I ? bree yes . cable then it do not matter what I do any more , do it ? pause . then he shudder slightly . cable ( cont 'd ) you people know nothing about pain . we CUT to -- ext . street - day ( night ) we see klute -- probably in ml -- run along street . he try for a cab -- miss it -- halt the next by expedient of cut bodily in front of it . the Driver start to lean out to object . klute mash he back inside , enter the cab . we CUT back to -- int . garment build - day ( night ) ml , the two figure : cable , bree . they be somewhat separate -- cable have go to look down from one of the arched window of the loft , while bree remain in place . she be a prisoner , we can suppose -- when we cut closer we will see she eye continually shifting , she mind calculate she chance -- but he have not molest she . he bear she no animus at this point . his manner be rather quiet , undetermine . he feel some relief that the thing be , in effect , over -- and some puzzlement about what to do ( with either she or himself ) now . he return toward she . closer : bree , cable near she again , he gesture several time , apologetically , seek word . cable I have get no idea what I shall do . he happen too close ; she can not avoid shrink . cable ( cont 'd ) I be not go to hurt you , absolutely , I be not . bree will you let I go then ? he seem not to have hear the request . he sit for a moment . a intellectual interest , a curiosity . ( meanwhile , perhaps , we see she start to slip she shoe off , in hope of run . ) cable it puzzle I so badly . I have do terrible thing but I can not consider myself a terrible man . I have kill three people and I would still want to say it be accident , do you see ? bree ( try again , slowly ) if you will let I go I could tell they what -- cable ( unhear , resume ) Tom grunemann discover I -- we be here on business together , he discover I with Jane mckenna . then I suppose it be the -- the contempt I see in he face and the certainty that sooner or later he would use it against I . within the company . I endure that as long as I could , do you see ? bree I be sorry , I be just frighten . yes . cable Excuse I miss Daniel ? bree I say yes , I see . cable ( doubtingly ) oh no , I do not think -- bree tell I . I will listen . ( pause ) I just want you to tell I . he rise , approach she -- apparently take in , credulous , grateful , wonder -- cable you be willing to listen ? you want I just to keep talk ? he hit she . cable ( cont 'd ) that 's what you do , be not it ; you make a man feel accept . that 's what you all do . you stock in trade a man 's weakness . he hit she again . cable ( cont 'd ) why do not you ask for mercy ? my God , what mercy have anyone give I ? int . elevator - klute ascending - day ( night ) ext . garment build roof ( directly above faber loft ) - day ( night ) klute have gun out - as he carefully make he way across the roof . man in hotel window across street hold drink - watch he with amused curiosity . klute spot entrance to stairway . int . garment build : klute - day ( night ) klute go downstairs to back entrance of faber loft . he slip inside . he hear the sound of the beat -- a stir of foot and indistinct impact sound , a murmur of voice ( but all quite mute , undramatic ) . he maneuver through lane of garment , try to gain a line of sight . he understand what 's go on , strain to intervene , but can not disclose himself . at a point , he drop to hand and knee , slide underneath the garment rack , draw closer to cable , try to gain position . we intersperse he progress with further bree - cable fragment , as for instance -- fragment : cable , bree cable you be a person of no value , you have no value -- klute , shifting closer klute work he way steadily closer -- under steadily increase pressure , as the pursuit and beat continue as sound , o.s. even close at hand the noise be ambiguous -- the clatter of footstep , grunt , a slap of flesh -- rather than distinct . once or twice we hear cable' voice clearly enough to make out word -- cable ( cont 'd ) -- be that contempt ? be it ? ( then ) no , I be the one who feel contempt . -- and once or twice a cry from bree . klute try to gain aim -- p.o.v. to bree , cable -- but cable be too close upon she , and they be too steadily in motion . klute klute move on -- move on -- gain position -- spring . cable cable catch the sound , whirl , scream -- p.o.v. to klute klute close with he , knock loose cable 's pistol - contend for it again , knock it loose again . effect -- under -- siren . cable , klute cable break loose , back a step -- back another step -- and then , turn and run unhesitant against one of the window , explode it outward with he , both frame and glass . ext . wide shot : building - day ( night ) we see the body trace its quick path down the dark side of the building . ext . downshot from loft to STREET ( klute' p.o.v . ) - day ( night ) ext . base of build : cable' body - day ( night ) the sound of siren a little louder . int . garment build : klute , bree - day ( night ) klute turn from look down , move to where bree kneel on the floor . he hunker down . in a gentle - enough voice , but matter - of - factly withal -- as if to a child -- klute come on . ( pause ) come on . ( note : also shoot in msl , without dialogue , with siren o.s. full up . ) then we CUT to -- int . klute' apartment - day klute be pack to leave . we follow he about as he carry clothing from closet and bureau , fold it into he suitcase on the table . we hear the familiar footstep on the stair . bree 's knock . he let she in , keep on about he business . his expression be sober ; hers be quite tentative . bree hi. he do not at least expel she . she venture in , sit on the table , swing she heel , watch he pack . his arm impair he . at length -- klute I get a call from Ross this morning . cable own a plot of woodland -- he would go there on weekend . they find Tom grunemann 's body bury there . they have notify he wife . bree oh. ( pause ; then sharply --) well it be not we city people that do it -- you fine rosy - cheek country boy . klute mm. bree you be go back ? klute mm. pause . she compress she lip , slip down from the table , start smartly out of the room . klute ( cont 'd ) wait . she return and sit on the table again , wait . but klute do not seem about to say anything more -- go on pack . bree well suppose I have not come downstairs . would you just have fold up and sneak away ? klute ( slowly ) no . I be go to come up . I want to ask you to marry I . ( pause ) bree you want to , or you be ? klute I be . bree you could at least look at I ! he comply , stand and look , fold a necktie . but now she find she have to look away . somewhat brokenly -- bree ( cont 'd ) look -- yes . I mean thanks , but -- do not you think we better be realistic ? klute about what ? bree look at I . I be pretty and sort of clever and very well intentioned , and dear God I would tear you heart out ! klute I do not think so . he resume pack , continue through the follow . bree how can you not think so ? you know the thing I can do . klute ( unclearly ) they do not scare I any more . bree what ? klute do not scare I . I think we could handle it . thereafter he guard he silence , staunchly go on pack , as she come at the thing from various sharp angle . bree please , I be a city person . I be sure it 's just as good as here but I be a city person , that 's all , I be ! ( pause ) Hell I know what it 's like . I be in Jersey once : the frog go bra -a p all night ! ( pause ) what 'im I suppose to do ? mend you sock and sing in the church choir ? ( pause , choke ) ) do you not believe I love you ? I be honestly , honestly just -- he have almost finish pack -- return toward the suitcase with the tin clock and electric fan , try to fit they in as conversation continue . bree ( cont 'd ) look , why should it be yes or no ? can not we keep it go and see ? I mean we can keep in touch and visit each other and see . people do that , that 's realistic . klute ok . bree ( bitterly ) you do not believe that either , do you ? why can not you see my side ? klute can you use this ? he set the fan beside she , hand she the loudly ticking clock . she hold it in she lap , numbly . he 's pack -- close various drawer , leave in good order -- snap the suitcase shut , lift it stiffly down from the table . she remain sit . bree can I carry something for you , to the car ? ( he shake he head ) will you kiss I ? klute no. I be sore . he move to the door , pause , half - smile -- klute ( cont 'd ) well -- she smile back . he go . we hear the entryway door open and close . she slip down off the table . we CUT to -- ext STREET outside brownstone - day klute be , let 's say , about seventy foot on he way when she appear at the front door , call after he . bree hey . he turn around and stop . he walk slowly back to she . closer : bree , klute he arrive in proximity to she . then the follow event in more or less the follow order : he look at she inquiringly . she respond by sit down , plunk , on the grubby front step of the brownstone . have stand for some time -- during which she have offer only twitching motion of she hand -- he set down the suitcase . have set down the suitcase , but derive no answer , he reach out one arm , and lean against the building front . she nearly arrive at the level of statement . fretfully , indecisively -- bree oh heck -- ( pause ) oh heck -- then , as a man not to be dally with , he pick up the suitcase again . she look at he strickenly , but it do not precipitate she into speech . he put it down again . and then -- then , after all , goddamit , he reach out , grab she wrist , and simply haul she along , suitcase in one hand , bree in the other . as she yank , shout , struggle -- bree ( cont 'd ) I have not decide yet ! ( beat ) I have not decide yet ! ( beat ) I have not decide yet ! -- the end