a untitled aka wichita by Patrick o'neill current revision by Scott Frank 10.31.07 black JUNE ( v.0 . ) hello ? be anybody there ? a bright light be switched on revealing : JUNE holyfield . late twenty . squint . seat at a metal table . handcuffed . her clothing be tear ; she face cut , streak with dirt . a door open os . footstep . a man , he appearance hide in shadow , pull out the chair across from she and sit down . we sense there be other in the room as well . he toss a passport on the table in front of she . man June holyfield . JUNE yes . who be ~- the man point a gun at she . man I ask , you answer . understand ? she nod . man why be you here ? JUNE honestly ? I be not entirely sure . it just feel like something I have to do . man who be John milner to you ? JUNE you do not know how many time I have ask myself that question this week . I mean , I just meet he through mate-dot-com . actually , I do not meet he through it , more like because of it . . man a online dating service . 4 JUNE I know ... I be surprised myself , I mean , it 's not really like I , but , well , sometimes you have get to take drastic step to get where you be suppose to be -- the man put a gun to she head . man why. are. you. here ? she glance about the dark , sit up , clear she throat . JUNE you would have to go back to Monday ... cut to black super : one week earlier ... we hear a alarm clock over ... fade in : JUNE 's bedroom - dawn June awaken , shut off the alarm . she sit up , stretch . sigh . int . JUNE 's closet - dawn row of sensible shoe and accessory line the meticulously organize closet . June search through the rack of tasteful - yet -bland dress , select the tasteful - yet - bland dress of the day . ext . starbucks - dawn June exit balance the tray of coffee in one hand and several bag of muffins in the other . it start raining as she load they into she toyota corolla . int . JUNE 's car - same as she drive , listen to a italian language instructional tape , repeat after it . JUNE io vado prendere il pesce ... ext . fidelity investment build - morning pouring rain . June be the only one mount the front step for the entrance . it 's still that early . pnp . int . JUNE 's floor - morning June step off the elevator , zigzag she way through a huge bullpen of still - empty cubicle . place a coffee in one , a muffin in another ... she get to a corner of the floor , a glassed - in office there . she go into the office , set coffee and a muffin down on the desk . carefully straighten the papers there . June set the last coffee down at she desk ( right outside the glass - in office ) , sit down and '' strap in '' : put on she telephone headset , she carpal tunnel wrist guard , take a water bottle from she purse , set it on the clean desk , and start type on the computer . int . office - wide shot - later as people begin filing in for work . that that find coffee wait for they peek over the top of they cubicle . co-worker thanks , June . JUNE ( work ) you be welcome . another CO -worker ( hold up a muffin ) hey , June -- JUNE ( work ) it 's fat - free sugar - free . another co-worker thank you ! JUNE you nre welcome . yet another CO - worker you rock , June . June work away at she computer , image of exotic city on she screen -- Paris , Rome , Dubai ... image of the hotel ... beach , etc . mr . hearn June ! see 4 . June stand up as mr . hearn , fifty , paunchy , head into the glass - in office . on he way in ... mr . hearn coffee ? JUNE on you desk . — mr . hearn video conference ? JUNE all set to go . mr . hearn toner cartridge ? JUNE it 's ... wait , what ? mr . hearn the inkjet color toner cartridge . the one my printer need . the one I tell you about . JUNE when ? mr . hearn on the way here . I e-mail you . I say I need it take care of before I get to the office . before . JUNE I be sorry . I have not have a chance to check my e-mail in the last few minute . Mr. hearn sigh . mr . hearn June , do you know how replaceable I be ? JUNE what ? mr . hearn there be at least five hundred thousand people out there who could do my job better than I . JUNE I would not say that -- mr . hearn it 's true . they be young , smarter , better look . so I need everyone on my staff to be on the ball , to do they job well , ' cause it make I look better than I actually be . understand ? JUNE I think so . mr. hearn good . because , June , we be all replaceable . JUNE I ‘'1ll get the toner cartridge . mr. hearn you do that . he head into he office . June look around at the other in the office , who stare . they quickly turn back to they work , embarrassed . int . june's mom 's apartment - day the place be a warm and comfortable mess -- colorful , mismatch furniture , funky tchotchke -- the opposite of June 's condo . in the midst of the clutter , JUNE 's mom happily pack up a suitcase . June burst through the door carry two arm - full of grocery . JUNE ( quickly ) I be go to be late get back to work . I have to go to three store to get you fiber . remember , you have get to take it twice a day . she start hurriedly put the grocery away in the cabinet and fridge , then notice she mom pack . JUNE ( wary ) you go somewhere ? JUNE ’s’ mom nevada . JUNE what for ? JUNE 's mom Burning man . JUNE Burning man ? the festival ? JUNE 's mom mm-hmm . I read about it in the paper this morning , and it look amazing . June step between she mother and the suitcase . JUNE Mom , you can not keep do this to I . JUNE ’'s mom I be not do anything to you , June . I be just live my life . try it . it 's fun . she step around she daughter and continue pack . JUNE look , just because . I do not choose to live my life like a carny do not make it any less satisfy . JUNE 's mom some people be perfectly happy be a assistant at Fidelity they whole life , and that 's great . you ‘’re just not one of they . JUNE how would you know ? JUNE 's mom because you be my daughter . there 's get to be some of I in there somewhere -~ some little adventurous gene , die to get out . just try something different while I be go -- anything . go skydiving . get drunk at the zoo . ( more ) june's mom ( cont would ) oooh , I know ! date a exciting stranger . try that website , mate - dot-com . JUNE . I be not do the internet dating thing . JUNE 's mom come on , junie . it 's not just for loser anymore . JUNE be that they slogan ? it 's catchy . look , I be perfectly capable of meeting man on my own . JUNE 's mom sure , you meet they , you date they , but it never last , do it ? and why 's that ? JUNE because I introduce they to you ? JUNE 's mom because they be everything you say you want -- dependable , straight - lace , solid career -- but you dump they anyway . because , deep down , you know you could never have the kind of life you really want . not with they , anyway . JUNE you know what ? I have get to get back to work . enjoy Burning man . do not : get arrest . june's mom no promise . June kiss she mom 's cheek and hurry out the door . int . elevator - day June ride up , lose in think . int . office - JUNE 's floor - day dune step off the elevator , see a crowd of she CO - worker gather around a beam 50 - something woman . Mr. hearn lead the proceedings . mr. hearn today we celebrate Elaine glazer and she thirty year of service to this company . Elaine , on behalf of the Fidelity family , this be for you . he hand the woman a box . she eagerly open it and pull out a generic desk clock . she 's look genuinely happy to get it . mr . hearn read the inscription . woman ( giddily ) '' Elaine : congratulation on 30 year . '' this be great . thank you ! mr. hearn no , thank you ! here 's to another thirty year . or at least fifteen . the crowd applaud and break up quickly , leave June stand there uneasily . the beam woman set the clock down in she cubicle , then go back to work . Business as usual . June stare , aghast . ext . june's condo - evening sparse . spotless . June sit at the kitchen table , finish dinner . she get up , rinse she one plate , one glass , one fork and one knife and put they into the drying rack . she stand there a moment , stare at the lonely place set , then leave the kitchen ... romantic music over ... CUT to : the eiffel tower - night a explosion of light around it . a couple kissing passionately in f.g. we pull back to reveal : the image be on a computer screen . reveal : int . june's bedroom - night June sit in bed with she laptop . announcer what be you wait for ? the computer screen image of couple in various romantic locale . restaurant . walk on beach . holding hand . laugh . toast ... announcer at mate-dot-com , you life begin now . go ahead . take the plunge ... and now we see a handsome man dive into a remote tropical pool , swim up to a alluring woman and kiss she . a couple ride together on a motor scooter through the cobble street of a romantic european city . another gorgeous couple slow dance outside , at night , and we pull back to reveal they be do it in front of trevi Fountain . and finally , this incredibly tan , blond , pump - up guy in surf trunk walk out of the ocean carry a lobster . guy my name be Rick . I be a pediatric cardiologist . I be wait for you on mate-dot-com . ( smile ) what be you wait for ? on JUNE stare at the screen . she take a breath , start type as we ... dissolve to : ext . fine restaurant - night it 's pour rain . Inside , June sit at a table , alone . int . fine restaurant - night June , dress up , hair up , sit at a table . she 's anxious . she check she watch . she 's be sit here a while . she look at the menu , look up as a man come in the door , look around . she sit up , hopeful as he walk towards she , but then continue walk and join a big group in the back . the maitre d' approach ... 10 . maitre d' Mademoiselle , be you sure I can not get you something while you wait ? a glass of wine , perhaps ? JUNE no , thank you . the reservation be for eight o'clock , be not it ? maitre d' yes , mar ’am . she glance at a clock that say nine o'clock . maitre d' but you know -- the weather ... JUNE oh , yeah , there be a terrible accident downtown . if I have not leave a hour early -- he 's probably catch in that . maitre d' yes . I be sure of it . June sit there a moment . feel the look from the other diner . before she can stop herself , she start to cry . the maitre d' and a waiter look away . maitre d' bastard . ext . restaurant - same it 's raining as a figure in a overcoat , collar pull up , hurriedly cross the street , glance over he shoulder . the figure move past the restaurant , but back up , see June along at she table , cry . he stand there , he back to we , watch she . we hear a helicopter . the figure turn , see a searchlight sweep the STREET . he duck inside the restaurant . int . restaurant - same June dab at she eye , pick up she purse , be about to stand when ... voice hello . 1l . she look up see the man in the overcoat stand there . we see he clearly for the first time . he 's suave , good - look , italian shoe , three thousand dollar suit . man be you ...? JUNE June , yeah . Andrew ? man / andrew guilty . I be so sorry . how long have you be -- JUNE -- oh , not long . that 's okay . he shake she hand , smile at she . she can not believe she luck . she look around at the other diner , many look this way . he take off he coat and sit . andrew just so you know , this be not I . I '' not that guy who keep a lady wait . JUNE what guy be you ? andrew right now , a thirsty guy . he open the wine list , study it ... andrew you look like a red girl to I . a big bold red ... Andrew begin speak in flawless french . she watch , dazzle as the maitre d' laugh at something Andrew say , then bow and move on to fetch the wine . Andrew turn back to she and smile . andrew so . JUNE have you do this before ? andrew what ? have dinner with a beautiful woman ? once or twice . 12 . JUNE ( blush ) no ... computer date . andrew oh ... no . can not say that I have . JUNE why do you pick I ? S andrew look at you . JUNE but I do not post a picture . andrew no . I know , but ... there be so much beauty in how you describe yourself . in you word . JUNE really . andrew plus , June be my mother 's name . this get she smile again . the waiter bring the wine . Andrew nod at the wine . label when the waiter show it to he . the waiter then start to open the bottle ... JUNE you have some good word yourself . it be you poem that get I . andrew my poem . JUNE it be ... amazing . andrew please do not make I recite it now . JUNE that first line be so beautiful . andrew rose be red -- JUNE okay , I will not force you . , 13 . he just smile as the waiter pour the wine . she watch he taste it like a pro , nod he approval . the waiter pour they each a glass and Andrew raise he . andrew what should we toast to ? JUNE take risk . andrew good one . they touch glass and drink , she eye on he the whole time . the girl believe she have win the lottery . Andrew glance over she shoulder as two large men in suit and overcoat move past the window now . he put he hand in he pocket . andrew man , it 's really raining out there . June turn to look out the window and Andrew drop a SMALL object into her purse . it look like , well , a small action figure . she then turn back ... JUNE where do you learn to speak prench ? andrew junior High . she look at he . he smile . andrew I learn on the job . JUNE as a bankruptcy lawyer ? andrew Boy , you really do read that profile . ( then ) my ... old job . International relation . I speak a dozen language , and a few dialect . JUNE fluently ? andrew just enough to order a decent bottle of wine . 14 . he toast again , and again they drink . she love it . JUNE very decent . so you travel a lot ? andrew constantly . you ? JUNE ( shake she head ) not so much . but someday I be go to quit my job and just see the world for a couple of year . andrew some day ? why wait ? boom . she look at he . andrew what 's wrong with right now ? JUNE I do not know . what be wrong with right now ? andrew most people live they entire life wait for that big thing or that big moment to come along and change everything . and you know what happen ? JUNE what ? andrew nothing . they spend they life wait . but that 's not I . JUNE ( entrance ) I neither . andrew you wanna know something , June ? ( lean closer ) we be gonna be dead for a lot longer than we be gonna be alive . think about that . JUNE ( go ) we be , be not we ? 15 . andrew so why wait ? and with that she lean across the table and kiss he . a long kiss , he look at she , look past she to the door where two large men in suit enter the restaurant , look around . he pull away first . she look at he , JUNE I be sorry , I do not know what -- andrew no . that be great , that be unbelievably good . I really enjoy it , but ... ( push back ) could you excuse I for just a minute ? JUNE ( embarrassed ) sure . he get up , head for the back of the restaurant as the two big man now move through the dining room . June sit there , humiliate . tries not to look leave or right . we hold on she . she would climb into she shoe if she could . then ... voice June ? JUNE listen , I do not know what get into I -- she stop . a guy , soak to the bone in a suit stand there . guy I be so sorry . I get a flat tire and would not you know it , my cell phone die and I could not call -- JUNE who. be you ? guy Andrew . munson . June now look around the restaurant . he sit down . see the full wine glass in front of he . 16 . guy ' oh . you order wine . I should have tell you ... I be allergic to grape ... ext . STREET - same as '' Andrew '' quickly move through the rain , turn up a alley . we hear ... voice milner ! and two huge men step in front of he , point gun at he . huge man * get in the car . milner thank you ! I would love to go for a ride with you guy . the huge man speak into he collar mike . huge man we get he . int . JUNE 's car - drive - night June drive home , cry , humiliate , furious with herself . she listen to she italian tape to try and calm down ... JUNE io vado prendere il pesce ... I will have the for -- boom ! suddenly a body crash onto her windshield ... and roll off the front of the car ! June scream and slam the brake . ext . STREET - night June jump out , rush to the body . JUNE oh my God ... be you okay ?! the body cough and roll over . it 's milner . June stare in shock as he struggle to he foot . JUNE you ?! 8 3 5 17 . milner oh , man , that really hurt ... JUNE be you follow I ? he can not speak , he 's hurt pretty bad . JUNE where have you come from ?! milner look up . June follow he gaze to a overpass . JUNE you jump onto my car ? milner do not look so high from up there ... he sit up . look at she . extends he hand . milner John . JUNE what ? milner that 's my name . John milner . JUNE John milner . right . like I be go to believe anything you say after you lie to I . milner I only lie about the little thing . the important stuff be true . JUNE look , just leave I alone , alright ? 4 she start to head back for she car , but see he struggle to get up , he knee buckle and June have to grab he . , JUNE you need a doctor . milner no -- no hospital ... ( then ) but maybe another kiss ? 18 . she look away . milner because that first one be -- JUNE a mistake . milner be perfect . who teach you to kiss like that ? JUNE ( let he drop ) . you be insane . whatever you problem be , it 's not my problem -- milner well , actually -- JUNE I be out of here . milner June - — she leave he there , get back in she car . int . JUNE 's car - same June look at milner sit there in the headlight , then quickly pull back onto the road . she drive past he , he call she name , but she keep go . she look in the rearview , see he struggle to stand up . he fall and pass out . she pound on the wheel . JUNE dammit ! ext . er entrance - hospital - night June pull up to the er and open the back door , revealing milner lie on the back seat . JUNE é hello ! I need some help here ! two doctor appear , - hoist milner onto a gurney . doctor what happen ? 19 . JUNE I do not know . I just find he on the side of the road . ( as they wheel he away ) he 's all yours ... . June head back to she car , get the hell out of there . voice ( 0.s. ) miss ! June stop , guilty . int . er admitting - hospital - night as the doctor wheel milner toward the elevator , June stand at the admitting desk face a nurse with a name tag that read '' cheryl . '' nurse cheryl I need you to fill out a admit form . JUNE look , I really do not want to get involved . I do not even know the guy . he just fall on my car -- doctor ( 0.s. ) BP 's drop through the floor ... June can not help but shoot a worried peek at milner as he disappear into the elevator . int . elevator - hospital - same milner lie on the gurney in a white shirt and suit coat . doctor : let 's get this off he . the doctor try to rip milner 's shirt but it do not budge . it 's make of some high - tech , rubberize material . doctor 2 that 's weird --. he take out a scalpel . milner 's eye pop open . int . er admitting - hospital - same nurse Cheryl slide a clipboard across she desk : 20 . nurse cheryl ma‘am , if you friend be injure during a crime -- JUNE he 's not my friend . I just make a mistake , think it would so easy to meet a guy -- nurse cheryl ma ' be -- JUNE like , you know , you could just hit send and all of a sudden you be not alone anymore . nurse cheryl ma’ be - — JUNE . he 's not my problem . he 's trouble . they be all trouble ... nurse cheryl honey , if you leave the scene of any sort of felony or accident without tell anybody who you be , then you be gonna be in a lot of trouble . understand ? ( pass she the form ) so , just to be safe ... June stare at the form , make a decision . JUNE Fine . whatever . I just wanna get out of here . ext . hospital - later June walk to she car , rummages through she purse for she car key , come up with they , she hand shaking , accidentally drop they . it 's too much ... JUNE dammit ! she finally get in the car , and she pull out of the er entrance . suddenly , a black sedan with government plate roar past , almost hit she . ccc g : 2l . int . JUNE 's car - night June watch they hurry inside , quickly pull out . int . er admitting - hospital - night four suit approach nurse Cheryl . we recognize two of the agent from the restaurant . Front and center be ackerman , a small man with no smile , no small talk and no patience . ackerman special agent ackerman , FBI . beside he be a big red head agent . when he speak we see that he have brace on he tooth . he hold up a security camera photo of milner : . brace have you see this man ? nurse Cheryl check the photo . nurse cheryl you get id , gentleman ? annoy , brace and ackerman flash they badge . nurse cheryl he be unconscious . they just take he upstairs . i’11 find out where . ( dial phone , then ) Nancy ? hi. this be Cheryl down in admit . no , not Gomez . Cheryl kublick . Cheryl G be filipino and weigh like three hundred pound -- ackerman pound he palm ‘on the desk . nurse cheryl ( to ackerman ) you want to keep that hand ? take it off my desk . ackerman eye she , but take he hand off . nurse cheryl ( into phone ) listen , where do you put the guy we send up a few minute ago ? ( then ) the guy -- name 's John milner . what ? well , check again . he should be -- . 22 . ding ! they all turn to see the elevator door open ... revealing both doctor slump on the floor . the suit draw they weapon . the escape door on the ceiling be open and milner 's go . ackerman ( to he man ) find he . now ! ackerman 's man spring into action . ackerman turn to nurse Cheryl . ackerman where be the stair ? nurse cheryl right down that hall ... ( grab the admit form ) but you should know there be a -- ackerman 's walkie squeak to life . agent ( on walkie ) we get something on four . and he 's out of there . she put the clipboard down on the counter . fine. whatever . int . JUNE 's car - night June pull onto the highway . she drive along , take deep breath , get herself together . after a while , she laugh . JUNE the internet . Jesus . what be I think ? behind June , we see milner sit up in the back seat . he hold a gun ... milner exactly , June , what be you think ? June scream , swerving across the road . milner wave the gun as he talk ... . milner you be lucky . I mean , you could have meet someone really crazy ... JUNE get out of my car ! 23 . milner I need you to pull over ... she jam on the brake , pull over . ext . highway ~ night June jump out of the car like it 's on fire . JUNE what the hell be wrong with you ?! milner stumble out behind she , wave the gun ... milner I ? what about you ? I mean , what 's someone look as good as you do , trolling the internet ... JUNE that 's really none of you . business . milner ( wave the gun ) C ’mon , June , I know people . I get a -- ( tap he gut with th : gun ) : -- feel and I be never wrong . and I get that feel with you , like something happen . I mean , how 's it possible you do not have a man ? she do not answer . . milner but , hey , we all get to that , right now I need you help ... JUNE help ? really ? because it kinda look like -- ( indicate the gun ) -- you wanna kill I . milner June , I be not try to kill you . JUNE how do I know that ? 24 . milner because you be not dead . listen , I borrow some stuff from the hospital -- he reach into a inside pocket and take out some bandage , alcohol , needle and thread . June take out she cell ... JUNE I be call the cop . milner good luck with that . when June press talk on she cell , all she hear be static . JUNE so how 's it work , you look for woman eat by themselves ... then what , get they to invest all they money in some pyramid scheme , or do . you just kill they , make a bathrobe out of they skin ? milner a bathrobe out of they -- June . you look sad . I be not gonna go inside , be not plan on it , but I see you sit there , all alone , and ... well , I could not help myself . she say nothing to that . do not know if he 's tell the truth or not . milner I be really enjoy we dinner . and I be sorry that i. leave , but I have bigger issue , like , y’know , the fate of the world , to think about . JUNE the fate of the world . right. okay ... she start back away . milner oh , man ... milner slump against a tree , double over . 25 . JUNE you should be in a hospital . and not the regular kind of hospital . milner I just need a mirror . ( look at she ) please . June rifle she purse , hand it to he ... JUNE here . she start to walk away , but -- milner hold this light for I . milner hold out a pen and June reluctantly take it . she 's about to click the top when -- milner wait ! do not touch that . ( casually ) just turn the cap . June do and the pen turn into a strangely high - power flashlight . it illuminate a bloody wound on milner 's side . JUNE my God , you have be shot . milner it happen . June go gray as milner set some supplies next to she purse and start prepping . JUNE it go all the way through . milner finally , some good news . JUNE I think I be gonna be sick -- milner do not look . as June turn away , she move : the flashlight completely off the wound . 26 . milner okay , I be gonna need you to look . June hold up the mirror and the light so milner can see . he douse the wound with alcohol but it 's June who wince . milner do not feel a thing . he pierce the skin , sewing himself up . JUNE I do not think I can do this . milner sure you can , just listen to my voice . June take a deep breath . he go to work . milner so why be you alone ? JUNE none of you business . milner okay . he work some more . milner the poem guy do not show , huh ? JUNE he be late . he get a flat tire . milner really ? how would he do ? JUNE you owe he six hundred dollar for the wine . milner he get a kiss ? JUNE please stop bring that up . she look at milner as he finish sewing himself up . he tie off the excess thread with the effortless agility of a train surgeon . JUNE who be you ? 27 . milner I tell you , John milner . JUNE okay , what be you ? milner that I can not tell you . JUNE why ? because then you would have to kill I ? milner no . because other people would kill you . and then I would feel bad . ( then ) you might want to look away for this next part . she turn away . and milner use the opportunity to remove the object , the action figure , from she purse . he slip it into he pocket . milner I have put you through enough as be . okay , you can look now . she turn as milner stand and button he stain , bloody shirt . he take out the gun , expertly jack the clip , and put it back again . he re-holster it , look at she . milner do not worry , June . you will never see I again . there 's something sad about the way he say that . milner thanks for you help . and I really be sorry for walk out like that . it be very nice meeting you . milner turn and walk away . a beat , then June call after he -- . JUNE hey ! she approach and hand milner some clean bandage . JUNE you should take this . and keep the wound damp . 28 . milner I think you have to keep it dry . JUNE I just read that now they think it 's better to keep it damp . milner they keep change they mind . one minute they say fry food and cigarettes be bad for you , the next ... JUNE fry food and cigarettes be bad for you . milner huh. well ... ( take the bandage ) thanks . ° milner walk off . after a few pace , he stop , look at the bandage in he hand -- damn it . he turn and come back . milner : listen , you need to know something . a there 's uh , some people gonna come look for I , which unfortunately mean they be gonna come look for you , too . JUNE but I do not know anything -- milner no , but you be see with I in the hospital ... which , by the way , be why I tell you not to take I there . but -- ( hold up a hand ) Water under the bridge . important thing for you to know now be that this boy be professional . if they want to find you , they will . they 'il identify themselves as FBI and tell you some bullshit story about I . it ’1ll all sound very convincing , but it 's extremely important that you do not go with they . 29 . JUNE okay , milner , or whatever you wanna call yourself , why should I believe anything you say ? milner pull out a badge , barely show it to she before he put it back . milner because I be in the FBI . JUNE you just tell I what you do . milner they be gonna kill you anyway . she stand there , do not know what to say . milner now , if you do happen to go with they , and they do not take you straight to a police station or the local bureau office ... if they take you anywhere else -- even if they tell you you be safe -- it mean they be go to kill you . JUNE if they tell I I be safe -- milner they be gonna kill you . now here 's the important part : there 's 1ll probably be a oner in the back . JUNE a what -er ? milner a piece , a glock , a gat . probably ad . JUNE ( shocked ) a gun ? milner half the time they forget it 's there . if it 's a caprice , it will be under the seat , between you leg . if it 's a Crown Vic , it 's ina panel in the seat in front of you . get it ? 30 . JUNE do not get it . do not want it . I hate gun . milner you 'il hate they less when you really need one . trust I . JUNE trust you . milner start back away . milner hey , June ? that kiss be really something . milner then turn and head off into the night and disappear . ext . hospital roof - night ackerman and one of he agent examine the elevator housing . the door have be kick off the hinge . agent we lose he . ackerman . see the trail of blood to the edge , look down onto the roof of the garage ... ackerman he would never go to a hospital . I train he better than that . int . hospital - night ackerman step off the elevator , cross to the admit desk . nurse Cheryl look up as he approach . nurse cheryl so you be ready to listen now ? ackerman who bring he in ? int . JUNE 's condo - dawn as the sun rise , we hear June 's alarm buzz , o.s. int . JUNE 's bedroom - dawn June awaken groggily , reach over to the nightstand to turn off she alarm . her hand fumble to find it . it 's not there . 31 . confused , she sit up to see ackerman hold the alarm clock out of she reach . a room full of agent in swat gear stand around she bed , all point gun at she . ackerman turn off the alarm . ackerman good morning , Ms. holyfield . ( then ) where be he ? JUNE who ? ackerman milner . int . live room - later June sit on the couch in shock as ackerman drop a photograph on the coffee table . June look uncomfortably at the big red head guy with brace ... ackerman this one be from San Diego . insert - photo of a dead woman ackerman she disappear on a diving trip ... in Thailand . ackerman drop other photograph in front of June ... ackerman this one die in a parachute accident . only she be not wear a parachute . and this one somehow fall off a move train . JUNE I do not understand ... she look at the photo , horrify , confuse . ackerman the man you help tonight have be pose as a federal agent in order to lure innocent civilian -- woman -- into help he pull off various national security breach . JUNE what sort of '' breach ? '' 32 . ackerman I can not go into it other than to say he usually target woman who be , shall we say , vulnerable . agent he get a lot of woman over the internet . JUNE ( quickly ) well , I do not do that . ackerman miss holyfield . we need you to tell we where he be . JUNE I have no idea . I just meet the guy tonight . ackerman then why do you take he to the hospital ? JUNE the man fall on my car . what be I suppose to do , leave he there ? ackerman no , you be suppose to call the police . JUNE I try . look , I have no idea who he be or where he be . but I be pretty sure that you be not allow to just barge into someone 's house and -- ackerman wake up , miss holyfield , this be America . I be allow to do whatever be necessary to protect its citizen . now , do he say anything that could be helpful ? ' JUNE ( beat ) we be gonna be dead for longer than we be gonna be alive . the agent look at each other . 33 . JUNE he also say that he be a undercover agent on a highly sensitive mission . ackerman and you believe that bullshit ? JUNE : no , of course not . " she sit there feel like a idiot now . ackerman miss holyfield , you be target . that mean he 's not go to leave you alone . which mean you now need protection . June hug herself . Jesus . the news keep get worse . ackerman I think the best thing for we to do right now would be to hand you over to the local police , let they keep a eye on you . int . car - drive - night June sit in the backseat . '' brace '' drive while ackerman sit shotgun . June look out the window , shake she head . she 's break down . ackerman this be the first time we have ever get to a victim before he ... you know . he let that hang . June think about that , look back out the window . : JUNE you be go to bombeck station ? brace . uh , yeah . ; JUNE fourth Street 's a better way to go . this will run you into the river -- ackerman smile at she . 34 . ackerman we know where we be go . but thank you . and do not worry ... you be safe with we . JUNE Excuse I ? ackerman you be safe with we . okay , now she 's worried . the car swerve and she look up as the Driver enter a main highway , out of town . JUNE where be we go ? ackerman nothing to worry about . just a short cut . you be safe with we . JUNE you say that already . he turn around smile at she . ackerman because I mean it . June start breathe heavily . shit . what to do ? just then , something catch she eye . a placard on the dashboard read , '' caprice . '' June think for a moment , try to remember what milner say . then she reach , slowly , quietly , below the seat between she leg . her hand land on what she 's look for . June suddenly pull out the gun . she hold it like it 's on fire , like it 's about to go off in she hand -- JUNE ( freaking out ) alright everybody stay calm !! ackerman okay ... easy ... JUNE just pull over . 35 . ackerman June , please , put the gun down before you accidently - —- suddenly , the windshield shatter . agent hey ! - JUNE '' I do not do that ! now another shot take out a chunk of the dashboard . brace ma’am , stop shoot ! JUNE I be not shoot ! she put the gun down . another shot slam into the headrest . JUNE that 's not I ! ext . further up the highway - night '' milner stand in the middle of the street , a high powered rifle in he - hand , aim at the oncoming government sedan ... milner hum as he shoot , blow out the front tire of ackerman 's car ... milner / high powered scope - Pov - JUNE in the back of the car freaking out . milner smile . adjust he aim . hum ... fire ... int . car - same as brace be shot in the shoulder ... June scream . ackerman open he door and roll out of the car ... ext . highway - same as milner calmly continue to shoot up the car , which now careen out of control , head right for he , milner wait , blow out another tire send the car spin and now onto its side and all the way over onto the roof ... 36 . he calmly lower the rifle as the car slide harmlessly past he , spark fly from metal scraping on asphalt , come to a stop a hundred foot behind he . milner walk around the flip vehicle , note the gas leak out onto the pavement . milner June ? you alive ? he crouch down beside the car . int . car - inverted - same June - hang upside down by she seat belt . she slowly look at he . he smile , start . to reach in and unhook she seatbelt . milner let 's get you out of here . the upside down June look at he , shakily raise the gun to he face . he frown , easily take the gun away from she . milner c'mon , June . knock it off . ( hold up the gun ) rule number one : you do not ever point a gun at someone unless you intend to use it . toldja it would come in handy , though , do not I ? JUNE ( daze ) the gun keep go off ... I be not even shoot ... I hate gun ... she notice gas leak all around they . JUNE we should hurry . milner do not worry , that 's not gonna blow up the car . he pull she out , calmly talk all the while ... . milner I feel terrible about just leave you like that . I be walk along , all the time think , '' I tell she about the gun , yeah , but what if she do not know how to use it ? '' 37 . he help she to she foot and hurry she over to a black suv park nearby . milner anyway , then I think '' I can not leave she alone with ackerman . I gotta go back , '' but by then , you would already get in the car with they which I expressly tell you not to do ... he put she into the suv , then glance back at the car , brace now crawl away from it . milner hang on a sec . he pull out a gun and fire at the gas-drench vehicle . it explode . June jump . milner that 's how you blow up a car . for a moment , the entire road be light up and milner see ackerman limping off . June be overwrought . this be all too much for she . milner uh , June ? she just stare at he , she eye start to close . he gently tap she cheek . milner June ? she open she eye . milner hi . you be in shock . I want you to stay here in the car while I go have a word with ackerman . okay ? ( pull he gun ) I be just : gonna go shoot he and come right back . nenpnsey : milner take off after ackerman . June watch he go , wait a moment , then quickly throw open the door , get out of the suv and take off run through a field on the side of the road . 38 . ext . CITY STREET - night as June just keep run into town ... she lose a shoe ... do not stop to pick it up ... ext . another STREET - night milner race after ackerman , limping in the distance . he take aim at he , when several black sedan screech up beside the wounded agent . milner be outnumber . he make a hasty retreat . ext . CITY STREET - night as a bus start to pull away from the curb -- JUNE ( 0.s8 . ) wait ! --stop suddenly as June cross the street directly in front of it , bang on the door . JUNE let I in ! int . bus - same as June get on , look behind she to make sure no one see she . she walk down the aisle to the back ignore the stare of the other passenger , who take in this crazy - eye woman scratch up , cover in dirt , miss a shoe ... ext . STREET - night milner hurry back to the suv . milner okay , change of plan ... he stop , realize he be talk to no one . ext . STREET above JUNE 's condo - later now swarming with cop . June 's neighbor watch from they condo . June step into frame , out of breath , exhaust . she head for the nearest cop , he back to she . we hear the radio in a squad car as she pass ... dispatch ( radio ) all unit be advise , female suspect , June Louise holyfield -- June freeze . look at the car . 39 . dispatch ( radio ) -- want in connection with the shoot on highway 2 . suspect be five foot five , twenty - eight year old ... June quietly back away , hurry along to the next block . and now milner 's suv quietly pull up alongside she . milner I tell you not to leave the car . she keep walk . milner now you have fle the scene . you print be all over you gun ... JUNE that 's not my gun ! milner hey , if you have trust I and hang out just another minute or two , I could have help you clean it up . now c’mon , get in the car ... JUNE I be not get in any more car with anybody . milner June -- she stop , turn and look at he . JUNE look , I know about the other woman . okay ? milner what '' other woman ? '' JUNE the dead one . I see the picture ! milner right . my '' victim . '' yeah , that 's one of ackerman 's favorite . c'mon , June , do I look like a serial killer ? 40 . JUNE serial killer never look like serial killer . she start walk again . milner ~ well , you should know that violence to I be always a last resort . JUNE Nice meeting you , John . or whatever you real name be . milner and the only people I have actually kill -- she stop again . that do not make she feel better . milner okay , let I put it another way , I have never kill any woman or child . not that that have not complicated thing in the past , but that 's a rule I live by . she just look at he , frustrated . milner serial killer . man , I can not believe you fall for that old chestnut -- JUNE ( frustrated ) just ... what do you want ?! milner vamo a la playa ! JUNE you want to go to the beach ? milner I want a fish taco . June resume walk . he 's insane . milner really , June , I be starve . we never even order dinner ... 41 . JUNE ( indicate the cop down the hill ) they be all look for we and you want to go get mexican food ? milner Standard procedure in this type of situation be to do a stop-and - Drop . JUNE a stop-and -drop . milner throw off the Pursuit vectore protocol by remain motionless within the primary containment sphere for at least twenty - seven minute . that will keep we off the radar long enough to get on the other side of the i.p.w. ( off June 's look ) initial Pursuit window ? JUNE why be it the more you talk , the less I understand you ? milner it 's simple : they think we be go out , so we be go in . ( then ) c'mon , get in the car , June . she think a moment , look back at she condo , finally walk around the suv , get in ... milner ( sing ) vamo a la playa ... ext . '' vamo a LA playa '' taco joint - day a cheesy taco joint off the highway . milner 's suv sit in the parking lot . int . taco joint - day milner lead June into the restaurant . he spot a security camera on the wall and lead they to a booth that 's out of the camera 's view . milner this one 's my favorite booth . 42 . int . taco joint - moment later milner dig into he food . June have no appetite . she just glare at he with she arm cross . milner ( eat ) what would I tell you ? good , right ? she do not answer . milner feeling better ? she still do not answer . milner stop eat and sit back . milner okay . you have a right to know . milner reach into he coat , pull out he handkerchief , unwrap it to reveal the plastic action figure he drop into she purse earlier . milner this be what it 's all about . JUNE it 's all about a Burger King toy ? he break off the head on the edge of the table , and we see a metallic object inside the action figure . he pick it up ... milner the fate of the world be in the hand of this little baby -- ( accidently drop it into the salsa ) -- shit -- she watch as he pull it out , wipe it off with he napkin . milner that 's the second time that 's happen -- JUNE ( impatient ) what be it ? milner it 's a battery . JUNE a battery . 43 . milner only not you average duracell or eveready . see , someone finally figure out how to convert the water molecule into its component element -- hydrogen and oxygen . so this battery never run out . never ever . ever. ever . JUNE that 's it ? that 's what this be all about ? a battery . milner that 's it ? man , you be not very politically savvy be you , June ? it 's a infinite source of energy ... the kind of thing that could render fossil fuel obsolete . and let 's see , what 's the economy base on ... JUNE I understand the implication -- milner the joke be , they have have it for a long time now . maybe ten year . June stare at the battery as he fold it up in the handkerchief again , put it back in he pocket . milner too much money still on the table with oil , so they have be hide it until the right time . JUNE ackerman say you steal it . milner he 's right . JUNE so ... you do steal it ? milner from ackerman . ( lean in close ) he 's frame I . JUNE but you just admit you steal it . 44 , milner that 's right . JUNE so how could he be frame you ? milner because , originally , ackerman and I be send to protect it , but then one day I find out he 's make a deal to sell it to the high bidder , so I take the battery and run . JUNE to protect it . milner but for ackerman to save himself , he 's gotta make I the bad guy . I still can not believe he do it . I mean , he be my partner . that 's suppose to count for something . milner look away , suddenly become emotional . he actually start to get teary , quickly become wrack with sob . JUNE be you okay ? milner yeah , it 's just ... I get a little emotional talk about it . I mean , we would be through a lot together . after that mission in Afghanistan , I think we really bond . Hell , I teach he to sand breathe ... milner choke up again . JUNE uh ... milner ( collect himself ) anyway , that 's why everyone 's try to kill I . JUNE us. everyone 's try to kill we . milner yeah , well , you be see with I , so they think you know something . 45 . JUNE / but I do not know anything . milner not then , but you do now . JUNE because you just tell I . milner well , you ask . JUNE no , I do not . you say , '' okay , here 's what it 's all about . '' milner because you want know . JUNE look , why do not you just give it back to the government , tell the truth about all of it ? milner ( laugh ) give it back . that 's adorabley June . tell I , who ? who do I give it back to ? I do not know who to trust . ackerman clearly have someone on the inside . June shake she head , look around the joint . milner right now , I just wanna keep it safe while I figure it all out . JUNE and I wanna go home . milner really ? because ... I can not stop think about that kiss . ( she turn back to he ) I just wonder , if maybe I be not so 's busy save the world , maybe you and I could not spend some time get to know each other . JUNE I be ... flatter . which be kind of pathetic , actually . ( more ) 46 . JUNE ( cont would ) but , right now , I just really need to go home . can you understand that ? milner completely . JUNE thank you . in one swift motion , milner pull out a huge gun , throw June into a stranglehold , and drag she out of the booth , to out in plain view of the security camera . JUNE hey -- what be you do ?! milner alright everybody down or I blow this bitch 's head off !! scream . panic . milner fire three shot into the air ! a light shatter on the floor . everybody hit the deck . he put he gun right into June 's cheek . JUNE . please do not shoot I ! milner 's wild - eye , crazy . milner do not make I . milner fan the gun at the room . : milner head down , I mean it ! I see a face , I be gonna blow it away ! milner drag a petrify June towards the door . ext . taco joint - moment later milner back out of the door , still hold the gun on June . milner 97...96 ... keep counting ! you look at I , you die ! 95...94 ... milner lock the front door of the restaurant then throw the key into the weed . JUNE what the hell 's go on ?! 47 . milner shove June towards he car , deadly serious -- milner get in . JUNE no way ! milner point the gun at she -- milner you can ride in the front or you can ride in the trunk . it 's you choice . June slide in , latch she seatbelt , and quickly shut the door . with that , milner jump behind the wheel , and haul ass out of there . — . ext . highway - moment later milner drive as June stare forward , panicked . suddenly , milner start laugh -- milner man , I wish you could have see the look on you face . '' please do not shoot I . '' you eye all buggy -- ( then ) put you in the trunk ... like I would do that . I mean , really , June . I tell you I have never kill a woman before ! June go for the door handle . he snap , serious -- milner I be sorry . June pull back she hand . milner I have to go crazy back there . it be the only way to get you out of trouble . there be security camera all over . ' now there 's hard proof that you be my hostage . June sit a moment in silence . not sure if she believe he . a beat then -- ospperne . 48 . JUNE why do not you tell I ? milner it have to look real . and it do ... he start laugh again . she smack he hard across the face . milner ( impressed ) ouch . good one . he notice something ahead , go serious . milner ah , here we go : roadblock . thank god. JUNE you nre glad ? Way up ahead in the distance a roadblock come into view , cherries blaze . milner well , now that you be in the clear , you will be safe with they . JUNE like really safe ? or '' they be gonna kill I '' safe ? milner really safe . JUNE what about ackerman ? milner he 's after I . he just want the battery . he pull over , reach across and open she door . JUNE . you be really let I go ? milner be nice meeting you , jtine . and I be really sorry for any trouble I put you through . she start to get out . 49 . milner have a nice life , June . he look forward , start to put the car in gear , but see something in the rearview mirror . . milner uh-oh . JUNE what ? just then , a black ops helicopter appear out of nowhere . milner stay in the car . JUNE who be they ? the helicopter whip up a tornado of dust . milner shut the door . JUNE what - - be not they the cop ? milner no - — milner point to the roadblock -- milner that be the cop . ( point to helicopter ) this be the bad guy . JUNE the FBI guy ? milner no . some other bad guy . JUNE what other bad guy ? milner actually , worse guy . JUNE worse guy ?! 50 . milner okay , listen to I very carefully and do exactly what I say . here -- he pull a machine pistol out from under the seat . milner I need you to take this gun and start shoot at the helicopter . just keep shoot until it fall out of the sky or explode . either one be good . and put on this vest ... he hand she a kevlar vest which she just stare at . milner C ’mon , hurry . and , June , this be important : whatever you do , do not get out of the car . she put on the vest . milner throw the car into a 180 . the second the car skid to a stop ... ext . highway - same June dive out of the car , scramble to she foot and start to run like crazy . she wave she arm at the helicopter . JUNE help ! I be not with he ! I do not even know he ! I be innocent ! they start shoot at she from the helicopter , riddling the ground all around she . June run back to milner 's car ... int . milner 's car - same - as June dive in ... JUNE I '' with you ! I be with you ! bullet strafe the roof , but do not make a dent . this get she attention . milner what do I tell you ? JUNE do not get out of the car . milner and what do you do ? 51 . JUNE I '' sorry ! I panicked ! milner throw the car into drive and take off , head straight for the roadblock . she hold up the gun ... JUNE I can not shoot at anybody ! milner sure you can , you just need a little help ... milner lean over and open the glove box , pull out a flask . milner take a shot of this . JUNE what be it ? milner tequila . she knock back a mouthful from the flask and wince . JUNE I need a lime ... June try to focus as the dashboard open up and milner start go through a array of high tech weapon . JUNE I feel fuzzy -- I mean , funny . she look at milner who lock and load ... JUNE . okay , that be not tequila , be it ? she begin to fade in and out of consciousness ... ext . various - JUNE 's Pov - night -a mask be put over June 's pov . -a helicopter catapult towards we out of a giant fireball . - men with gun shoot at we , rappelling past the windshield . - milner yell through he mask , wield a strange weapon . -a police car corkscrews through the air , barely miss we . 52 . fade in on JUNE as she wake up . she 's on a cement floor ... pull back to reval : a warehouse milner , knife in hand , be fight several people at once . he glance at she ... milner just a sec , June -- he then take they all out , move towards she just as she ' pass out again and we ... ccut to black SOUND of a helicopter over ... fade in on the inside of a helicopter it 's crash . milner be put a parachute on June ... milner we have to hurry ! he help she up ... milner jump ! and as he pull her out the door , we hear JUNE scream and ... cut to black SOUND of a powerboat ... fade in : a cigarette boat as June wake up on the boat , milner at the helm , as they streak across the open ocean . milner look back at she , smile . milner almost there . CUT to black . we hear seagull . wave . fade in : milner 's hide - out - tropical island - day June blink , she eye adjust as she sit up on she elbow . ( 53 . her Pov - the ocean sunflare kick off the water as a out -of- focus silhouette emerge from the sea : it 's milner in slo - mo , carry some diving equipment and two huge lobster , much like the mate - dot - com ad . JUNE uh , I miss something . she sit up in a hammock beside a hut , wear a bikini top and a sarong . milner hold up the two lobster -- milner hey , sleepyhead . I hope you like lobster . June scramble out of the hammock , stumble . JUNE you drugge I ... milner be for you own good , June . you be not really cope all that well and I need to get we out of there . milner calmly drop he fin and mask in the sand . JUNE where be we ? what be we do here ? milner hiding out , reloading , relax . June realize what she 's wear . JUNE uh , okay , milner - - milner C ’mon , June . I have be train to dismantle a bomb in the pitch black with nothing but a safety pin and a junior mint , I think I can get you in and out of some clothes without look . ( beat ) I be not say I do that . I be just say I could . 54 . he smile at she and she hit he the face . I mean , really nail he one , so that he stumble , drop to one knee . she then hurry off down the beach . he touch he jaw , smile . milner wow . he watch she run off , impressed . ext . jungle - day June storm through the jungle , furious . she ignore the vine and branch that scratch at she and push through they to another beach . JUNE shit . she stand there , look out a more treacherous stretch of coastline . she take a breath and start walk . ext . hut - day with the flair of a professional chef , milner whistle happily as he bastes some fish grill over coal , then add some season . he grate some cheese over some simmer seafood jambalaya . ext . coastline - day as June make she way through the marshy terrain . she slip , fall into a puddle of mud up to she waist . JUNE dammit ! suddenly , a heavy tropical deluge slam down on she head . June climb out of the mud-hole , force herself forward . ext . hut - day milner expertly squeeze out a icing glaze from a icing bag atop a few fudge truffle , make delicate swirl . ext . jungle coastline - dusk June drag herself along -- soaking wet , exhaust , starve . she start to really panic . it 's get darker by the minute . she can barely see where she 's go . like a miracle , she see something in the distance . she squint into the gloom . be that torch ? she can just make out some kind of structure , build into the hillside . 55 . summon she last gasp of energy , June quicken she pace , crawl towards the structure , scramble up the beach ... she suddenly stop dead as she realize -- this be the place she leave hour ago . milner stand there , season a simmer pot over a fire . milner Big island , huh ? JUNE if you be go to kill I , just kill I . milner I do not want to kill you . I just want to finish we date . int . hut - night June come out of the bedroom , shower , wear the sarong like a dress ... just as milner take a machete and chop a coconut in half , hand June a cocktail in it . milner here . very refresh . JUNE will it knock I out ? milner only if you drink like nine of ‘em . she do not move . he take a drink . then pass it to she . she take it , look around . JUNE so ... be this you ... hideout ? milner one of they . JUNE how many place have : you get ? milner twelve . no -- eleven , the place in burma blow up last month . June watch as milner put the finish touch on the exotic meal he 's prepare . 56 . JUNE everything you say seem like such bullshit ... I have no clue who you really be . milner part of I be able to do my job be people not know who I be . JUNE so be I , like , you hostage ? milner not at all . you can leave any time you want . but ... he look at she . JUNE but what ? milner why be you in such a hurry to get home ? JUNE I have a life . people who depend on I . milner the world depend on I . and yet here I be , relax . ( back to work ) besides , they will kill you if you go home . JUNE you have the battery . why would they want to kill I ? he set a plate of beautiful food down in front of she . milner I be on the run that night , when I see you sit there cry , and I have to say , you really move I . JUNE you tell I this -- milner I drop the battery in you purse . 57 . she look at he . milner they track it . JUNE so they think I be involved . milner well , you kinda be involved . ( off she look ) but I be ' gonna get you out of it . ( then ) c'mon , eat ... JUNE you be a FBI agent . can not you just talk to somebody -- milner I never say I be a FBI agent . I say I be in the FBI . JUNE what 's the difference ? milner I have to infiltrate the FBI as part of my mission . the truth be , I work for a much more powerful global organization . JUNE which one ? milner the iia -- International Intelligence Agency . JUNE | never hear of they . milner I hope not . if you have , then somebody 's not do they job . JUNE you be tell I you be some kind of super-spy ? milner well ... super 's kind of braggy , but yeah . ( more ) 58 . milner ( cont would ) actually , I be more like a trouble shooter . they point I at trouble and I -- JUNE shoot it ? milner I be gonna say fix it , but once in a while , yeah , that 's what I have to do . come on , you food 's get cold . she finally take a bite . JUNE you know I find all this a little a little hard to -- oh my God this be good ! milner thank you . JUNE no , really , really good . like '' the best thing I have ever taste '' good . milner please , you embarrass I . she eagerly devour she meal as milner look on . JUNE so what 's you plan ? milner no plan . JUNE what kind of secret agent do not have a plan ? milner the smart kind . a plan be just a road map so the bad guy can find I . * but if I do not know what 's next , then they do not either . JUNE that 's ridiculous . you do not know what you be do , so no one else will know what you be do ? that 's the dumbest thing I have ever hear . 59 . suddenly , a alarm goe off and all of the light go out . JUNE what 's go on ? milner look off , see light in the distance . milner huh . how about that ? the bad guy find we anyway . maybe you be right about the no-plan thing after all . milner start grab weapon . milner think you be ready to fire a gun ? JUNE I hate gun . milner that 's what I think you have say . he put he hand on the back of she neck and squeeze . she pass out at he foot . he look at she lie there on the floor of the hut . he reach out to touch she hair , but stop himself . milner Jesus , get a hold of yourself , John . he take a breath , turn towards the light . dissolve to : close on JUNE asleep . she wake up . we pull back to reveal that we be ... int . darkened room - day June , confuse , look up to see milner . milner great , you be awake . c'mon . he help she up . 60 . ext . STREET - day milner lead June out the door of a building and lead she down the city street . JUNE ( try to remember ) you drugge I again . milner actually , I do not drug you . I use a pressure point . JUNE that still count , I can not believe you do that again . do not I explicitly tell you not to -- ( look around ) what happen to the island ? before they , a flock of pigeon alight to reveal : the pantheon across from they . June stare up at it . . she 's never see anything like it . milner welcome to Rome . JUNE oh , my God . she 's in awe . milner put he arm around she . milner beautiful , be not it ? JUNE I have always want to -- milner first time , huh ? always the best . milner lead she away . she look around at the various site . can not believe she eye . can not believe she 's here . milner there 's someone here I can give the battery to . JUNE who ? milner name 's salvatore russo . bigtime environmentalist , philanthropist . ( more ) — 61 . milner ( cont would ) brilliant . squeaky clean . powerful friend . there 's no way he would let the battery get into the wrong hand . JUNE you know he ? milner never meet he before ... but he 's go to be at a environmental . summit reception tonight . I think we have crash . then I be gonna take you to the embassy , get you name clear . send you home . she stop cold , look over he shoulder . ackerman 's number two , the big read head , loiter across the street , pretend to look in a shop window . his arm be in.a sling . milner what -- JUNE do not turn around . milner who be it ? JUNE one of ackerman 's guy ... the big howdy doody lookalike with brace . milner I shot he . do not I ? JUNE well , he 's here . milner just keep walk . milner duck into a alley . press June up against a wall . they wait , up close like this , and a moment later the agent walk by , but do not look down the alley ... milner you be right . that 's he . ( look at June ) Nice get , June . they stay close for a moment . look at each other . 62 . milner we should probably wait here a few extra minute , just to be safe . JUNE yeah . just to be safe . a nice moment . the nice moment be break , however , when a gun be put into milner 's ear . milner ow . widen to reveal : the red head agent holding he gun to milner 's head . brace small world . ciao , milner . milner that mean '' good - bye , '' shithead . brace really ? JUNE actually , it 's like aloha , you can say it either come or go ... milner ( smile at June ) you be full of surprise . brace whatever . you move and it 's aloha to you fuckin brain . milner ( look into June 's eye ) I be happy right where I be . she smile at he . and suddenly , brace cry out as she kick the man hard in the shin . milner , still look at June , elbow he in the face and now June kick he again , this time in that higher spot that bend a man over . milner take June by the hand and they take off run . milner I think aloha can also mean '' I love you . '' 63 . int . versace - day as milner and June duck inside . milner look out the window , satisfied they be not be follow he turn to June ... milner very nice . I be impressed . but June 's go . he see that she 's wander off , take in the beautiful clothing ... woman' voice gianni ? June look over as a pretty young salesgirl come over and embrace milner . JUNE '' gianni ? '' they begin converse in italian . milner be fluent and keep up with she . she laugh at a joke he tell , notice a now self - conscious June stand there . milner ( subtitled ) oh ... yeah , I need you to make she even prettier than she be . salesgirl ( subtitled ) do , I have to ? milner ( subtitled ) yes ... and make sure she get to this address by eight o'clock . June , blow away by milner 's linguistic skill , watch as he scribbles on a card , then hand the girl a black amex . salesgirl ( subtitled ) ( eyeing June ) I be very jealous , gianni . milner ( subtitled ) do not worry -- ( kiss the girl on the cheek ) it 's just business . the salesgirl nod , '' ah . '' June look hurt -- she 's learn enough italian to translate milner 's word : '' it 's just business . '' 64 . milner ( to the salesgirl ) grazie . the salesgirl follow milner over to June . / milner elisa will take good care of you while I go run some errand , get ready for tonight . JUNE oh ... milner pick out whatever you want . I will see you in a few hour . milner exit . June look around the store , overwhelm . the salesgirl nod for she to follow ... : ext . rome STREET - day a noisy residential neighborhood . milner get out of a taxi , look up at a apartment building . int . apartment build - same milner climb the step , pull out he gun ... int . hallway - same as milner come to a door , knock . voice who be it ? milner it 's I . the door open to the limit of the chain and we see the red head with brace peer through the crack . finally -- brace you be a asshole . he shut the door , take off the chain and re-open it . brace first you shoot I , then you kick I in the nut . what 's up with that ? 65 . milner it be June who kick you . and she see you . she 's not stupid ... Little uptight maybe , but not stupid . ( look into the apartment ) you alone in there ? brace it 's all clear . milner put he gun away , follow brace inside . milner everything set ? brace good to go . milner where 's ackerman ? brace at the embassy . what 's up with the girl , really ? milner she 's just a civilian . brace she do not kick like one . milner smile . ext . museum - evening milner stand at the top of the step , wear a perfectly cut tux . he watch as a limo pull up . the driver get out , hold the door open for June , a knockout in she new evening gown . milner walk down the step to meet she . all business ... milner alright , let 's go . he take she arm , but she stay put . he look back at she . JUNE this be the part where you tell I how beautiful I look . milner do you really need to hear it ? 66 . he gesture to the crowd and sure enough , everyone be look at she . he start lead she up . after a moment ... milner let 's go to work . int . grand room - museum - evening they enter and milner immediately grab a hor d’oeuvre off a pass tray . milner grazie . ( eat ) I be starve . they look around , take in the scene which be basically a lot of overweight men in tuxedoe with beautiful women who may or may not be they wife . on they arm . imagine a room full of Karl rove stand amongst beautiful art and you be there . JUNE . how be we gonna find russo in this crowd ? milner ( look at she ) he will find we . a tango start and milner lead she towards the dance floor -- milner come on , let 's dance . JUNE milner , I do not dance . well , I dance , but -- ( gesture to the dance floor ) —- just not like that . she watch they all tango . milner you can not be a spy if you do not know ' how to tango . JUNE I do not tango . milner all right . we will just have to mix it up a little . 67 . June watch as milner pull the band leader aside and slip he some money . the tango come to a abrupt end . the confuse dancer stop . milner move June to middle of the dance floor . milner just try you best to keep up . the band launch into lively salsa music . milner expertly start salsa dance . June grin -- she expertly keep pace with he , dance with surprisingly sultry rhythm . milner ( wow ) okay , this be way better than a tango . the crowd look on , impressed . other start dance as well . JUNE so how 's russo go to find we ? milner he already have . ( look off ) the white - haire guy with the thick glass . he 's look at you , be not he ? milner grab June and dip she low to the ground . she look at russo , upside down , give he a great shot of she cleavage . JUNE uh-huh . milner pull she back up . milner all that Nobel prize and he still need to be with the prettiest girl in the room . JUNE thank you . milner you be welcome . JUNE you do not look half bad yourself . neaeese . 68. he grab she , dip she again , look at she . JUNE what ? milner that 's the first nice thing you have say since we meet . JUNE must be the stockholm syndrome talk . milner not bad for a first date , eh ? JUNE be that what this still be ? they look at each other , as the moment get awkward ... JUNE so ... how you want to approach he ? milner I be not . you be . milner spin June around and pull she back in . milner hit I . JUNE what ? milner you do it before . JUNE I be mad at you before . I be not mad at you now . milner okay . I do not know what to go with -- the fact that you actually have z to use the internet to get a date 3 or that you look like you have somehow gain eight pound since I meet you . : bam ! June slap milner really hard . milner now act upset . 69 . JUNE I be upset ! milner good , now I need you to go to the little girl room , and when russo find you , tell he you wanna meet he on the terrace in five minute . JUNE screw you ! milner look , you do not have to kiss he or anything , just -- JUNE I be act upset . milner oh. Nice . she then grab a drink from a pass tray and throw it in milner 's face . milner okay , June -- JUNE ( slap he again ) I be in the moment . June walk off '' in a huff '' as milner look around at the other dancers , who be stare . he make the international sign for '' crazy . '' milner pazza . loca . they do not get it . milner americana . everyone nod , understanding , as we CUT to ... int . outside the bathroom - night as June approach the lady room , russo appear . he 's tall , the light reflect in he thick glass . russo May I be of some assistance ? 70 . JUNE ( not make it easy , reach for the door ) I think I can manage . russo so I see . she pause , look back at he . russo do you know who I be ? JUNE bathroom attendant ? russo ( extend he hand ) salvatore russo . and I would be very disappointed if I be not give a chance to get to know you better . . JUNE it 's you party . try if you want to . she realize . just how lame that sound , try not to wince . russo clever . what 's you name ? JUNE June . russo tell I , June , what do you friend say that you find so offensive ? JUNE he compare I to he mother . russo unforgivable . how ' bout I find a couple glass of Champagne , meet you on the terrace in , say , fifteen . 3 minute ? 's JUNE no . russo no ? 71 . JUNE make it five . she walk away , russo watch every lovely step . inside the party she look around for milner . he come up behind she . milner well do . ( hand she a key ) I 'il meet you back at the apartment . you better get go . JUNE right now ? but I be all dress up . milner ( take she in ) yes , you be . and it 's just fine with I if you stay that way until I get back . but this next part , I gotta do alone . and I do not wanna be distract like I be right now . JUNE so I be distracting ...? milner go on , get outta here . ext . museum - night June skip down the step , smile . she feel confident , look great . as she hit the bottom step , two menacing figure with buzz-cut appear in front of she . menacing figure June holyfield ? JUNE ( beat ) I '' afraid you have the wrong person . she try to walk around he . the man step in front of she . menacing figure get in the car . he open he jacket to reveal a big gun . 72 . menacing figure please . ext . museum - terrace - night russo stand alone by the balustrade , optimistically hold two flute of champagne . milner salvatore ... russo , startle , turn to see milner stand before he . . milner E piacevole vederli ancora . russo break out into a grin . russo and you , milner . be you here on business or pleasure this time ? milner Little of both . I have get something for you . . russo ( eagerly ) the battery ? milner no , unfortunately . something else . milner reach into he jacket pocket . ext . US embassy - rome - night the two 'menace man escort June out of the car and whisk she into the building past US marine , who stand at attention . int . hallway - US embassy - rome - night June 's heel echo on the marble floor as she 's lead down the impose hallway . int . office - US embassy - night June enter to see a woman , type on she computer , she back to June . woman 18,500 euros . that be quite the shopping spree you have today . 73. the woman turn around to face June . woman I '' FBI director isabelle George . JUNE look , this whole thing be just a big misunderstanding . director GEORGE which part of aid and abetting a know enemy of the state be I not understanding ? JUNE you be talk about the battery . milner 's just try to keep it safe . director GEORGE really ? director George stand up . director GEORGE four day ago , milner be give strict order to bring it in , but he never show up . since then , he 's be try to arrange a international auction to sell it to the high bidder . _ JUNE . no , that 's what ackerman be do ! director George press a button . director GEORGE I assume milner tell you ackerman be rogue FBI ? ackerman step out of a inner door , startling June . director GEORGE but the truth be he 's my best field agent . : June stare at ackerman , stunne . director GEORGE ask yourself , Ms. holyfield : have milner say one thing that you can prove to be true ? 74 . JUNE ( to ackerman ) he say you be go to kill I . ackerman yet here you be . June do not know what to say . director GEORGE ° now , it 's time you start tell the truth . JUNE I be . look , milner 's not a bad guy . he 's just work undercover for the ita . director George and ackerman stare at she blankly . director GEORGE the what ? JUNE the International Intelligence Agency . you know , it 's a big , top - secret , international spy ... thing ... director George and ackerman exchange a look . director GEORGE Ms. holyfield , I have a security clearance unrivale by anyone else on the planet . and I have never hear of any organization by that name . JUNE ( get worried ) be you sure ? director GEORGE what I have hear of be the New freedom Coalition . what have milner tell you about they ? JUNE the -- nothing -- director GEORGE we know that they be try to destabilize the Middle East -- 75 . JUNE be not it already pretty unstable ? director GEORGE they be go after we ally , the Saudis , the kuwaitis , the uae ... JUNE milner 's never say a word about the New ... whatever -- director GEORGE -- freedom Coalition . yet you attend one of they event tonight ... JUNE what ? director GEORGE we know they be raise money for something . I want to know what . JUNE milner just want to meet a guy name salvatore russo to give he the battery . director GEORGE give he the battery ? would you like to see what he actually give Mr. russo ? she indicate a video monitor . ackerman switch on a surveillance tape of on the monitor milner stand with russo on the roof as in the previous scene .- milner reach into he jacket pocket ... then pull a gun and shoot russo dead . June watch the tape , horror-struck . JUNE : no ... that 's impossible . director GEORGE he 's still in possession of the battery . you see , he 's lie to you again . what be you up to , ms.. holyfield ? 76 . JUNE nothing ... I be just ... ackerman the last time I see you , you say you have nothing to do with milner . JUNE I do not -- I just meet he -- director George hit the remote again and we see security camera footage of June with russo ... russo ( on tape ) how ' bout I find a couple glass of Champagne , meet you on the terrace in , say , fifteen minute ? JUNE ( on tape ) no . russo ( on tape ) no ? JUNE ( on tape ) make it five . JUNE okay , that be just I be in the moment - — they both just look back at she . ackerman I gotta say , from where we stand , you be start to look a lot less like a innocent bystander and a lot more like milner 's partner . JUNE . you have no proof -- ( then ) besides the tape I mean . ackerman : the proof be you be still alive . June shift nervously in she seat as ackerman sit down close to she . director GEORGE I wonder , what be it you have that milner want ? 77 . JUNE I have no idea . director GEORGE well , for some reason , he seem . to trust you . so here 's what you be go to do : the next time you get a visual on the battery , you will give we a signal , and we will take it from there . JUNE with all due respect , you be make a mistake . director GEORGE ( lose patience ) here 's the deal , miss holyfield . you be look at life in a prison that technically do not exist . JUNE I want a lawyer . director GEORGE too bad . you can not have one . life as you know it be now over . you may think you be in Rome , but if you decide not to cooperate with we , you be never in Rome or anywhere else for that matter . because contrary to what you may believe , this world be flat and you can fall off the edge . ackerman and that 's if milner do not kill you first . and make no mistake , when he 's ready , he will kill you . June reel . thinks a moment . ackerman set a black ball - point pen down on the desk . director GEORGE it 's both a bug and a transmitter . once milner 's ... compromise , click the pen three time and we will come knock on the door . JUNE Three time ... do not I have to say '' there 's no place like home '' first ? no one laugh . she sigh , pick up the pen , stare at it . 78 . director GEORGE as long as you have the pen , we will hear everything , so you will be safe . JUNE and if I do this ? director GEORGE you get you life back . int . cab - night as June consider the pen director George give she . she drop it into she clutch , look out the window as the cab pass the trevi Fountain , couple sit there , kissing . June look out , turn away . ext . rome safe house - night June get out of the cab , stare up at the building . she take a breath , start for the entrance . int . rome safe house - night June walk in as milner make a cappuccino from a machine . milner there you be ! I be start to get worried . JUNE just do a little sightseeing . milner ( hand she cup ) here . you have not have a cappuccino until you have have one in Rome . he turn away and start to prepare another cappuccino for himself as she sit and stare at he . JUNE so ... do you find russo ? milner yep . JUNE how do it go ? milner good , not great . 79 . JUNE but you give he the battery , right ? milner not exactly . June 's face fall , but milner do not see it . JUNE so you have still get it . milner I do not trust he after all . JUNE do you trust anybody ? milner it 's my job not to . hey , what do you say we take a little break tomorrow and check out the colosseum ? he sit across from she . JUNE you have no intention of hand over the battery to anyone , do you ? milner not until it 's safe . JUNE when will it be safe , John ? milner I ’1ll know it when I feel it . June stare at he and make a decision . JUNE let I see it again . milner what ? JUNE the battery . if you really still have it , then show I . milner hesitates , then reach into he pocket and place the battery on the table before they . 80 . JUNE hard to believe a thing that small could ruin so many life . close on June 's hand behind she back , click the ball - point pen . milner stare back at she , then look at he cup . we see what he see : the cappuccino begin to tremble ever so slightly . he shake he head , slowly . milner ( cont 'd ) it hurt a lot more than I think . JUNE ( concerned ) what ? milner the knife you just stick in my back . JUNE you know ? milner it 's my job to know . JUNE do not pretend to be hurt . it 's all '' just business '' to you , be not it ? milner no . not when it come to you . he look sincere . June 's uncertain . JUNE you kill he . how could you just do that ? milner he be start to suspect I . he be go to compromise my mission . it be either he life or million of other . I have no choice . JUNE I just want out , milner . I do not know who to believe anymore . milner I never want you to believe I , June . I just want you to trust I . milner take the battery and put it back in he pocket , then walk to a door , take out a key , and open it to reveal a weapon cache inside -- gun of all shape and size . he arm himself , then look at she . milner I should have leave you in the car with ackerman . I should have never come back for you . suddenly , the window in the apartment explode and the room start to fill with gas . milner shit . int . rome safe house build - hallway - same milner and June burst through the door . milner c’mon ! JUNE be you crazy ? I be not go with you . milner you will be safer . JUNE no , I will not . milner yes , you will . a swat team emerge from the staircase at the end of the hallway and start shoot at both of they . JUNE ( piss , to milner ) do not say it . milner fire back at the swat team and shove June out a window , onto a fire escape . 82 . ext . FIRE escape - night milner join June . as they start to hurry down , gunman shoot up at they from the street below . milner wrong way . they start go up instead , the swat team follow they . ext . rooftop - night milner pull June off the fire escape onto the rooftop and start run , hold she hand . milner hang on ! June 's eye go wide as she realize -- this be a run start . they race towards the edge of the building ... and jump ! ext . adjacent roof - night they land , roll on the roof and scramble to they foot . as the swat team reach the other rooftop and fire at they , they take cover behind a concrete barrier . milner return fire , a gun in each hand . JUNE this be the kind of moment I be not go to miss . milner just stay calm . the barrier above they explode in gunfire . he fire off .a few shot . JUNE no , I will not stay calm . because normal people do not stay calm in situation like this . milner I be calm . be you imply I be not normal ? JUNE oh , no , you be completely normal . just you average , everyday borderline sociopath . 83. he fire off a few more shot . ' " milner that hurt , June . deeply . JUNE oh , that be so you . you know what you problem be ? you repress all you feeling until they just explode out of you in fit of spontaneous cry or the need to shoot something . you be damage , milner . milner you want to talk about my emotional state ? Fine . let 's talk . he. lay down he gun on the floor . JUNE what be you do ? milner I may not wallow in my feeling and cry during chick flick like most people , but it 's because I do not have that luxury . bullet fly all around they . June get nervous . JUNE I understand . absolutely . could you pick up the gun , please ? milner do you understand , June ? really ? because I have the fate of the free world in my hand . that mean my judgment can not be impair by the constant randomness of emotion . more bullet fly . JUNE uh-huh . can we just put a pin in this for now ? milner see , my job entail a little more than just get people coffee in the morning . that get to she . 84 . JUNE . how dare you ! just because I do not kill anybody in my job do not mean it 's not important . milner I '' not say it 's not important . I '' just say you be capable of a hell of a lot more . x JUNE I do not need career advice from a emotional cripple ! milner okay , that 's it ! you want you life back ? Fine ! he take out the battery and shove it in she hand . milner this be what they want . she look at he , shocked . milner give it to they . tell they you steal it off I . JUNE milner -- milner you wanna go home ? get you life back ? this be the only way . take it . and you passport ... milner pull out she passport and hand it to she . milner at least you get one stamp . he grab he gun off the ground , then shoot he way over to the roof 's ledge . he give she one last look , then leap over the side . June hurry to the ledge to see he land on top of a pass bus . he rise to he foot on the roof of the move bus , then jump off onto a delivery guy on a vespa , knock he over . 85 . milner ( to the Delivery guy ) sorry , man . he hop on the vespa and speed away . on the rooftop director George , ackerman , and other agent burst through a stairway door . director GEORGE ( to the agent ) hold you fire ! she cross to June . director GEORGE be you alright , Ms. holyfield ? JUNE ( look after milner ) I do not know . she hold out the battery . JUNE I steal it from he . director George look at she , gently take it from she hand . director GEORGE you do - the right thing . it 's over . director George hand the battery to ackerman . director GEORGE get it to DC . and try to hold on to it this time . ackerman nod , then tuck the battery into he coat pocket . director GEORGE ( be : June ) let 's get she on a plane home . ext . JUNE 's condo - day as a cab pull away and June stand there look at the place . she take a breath , start up the walk . 86 . int . JUNE '’s condo - night June wash the single dish , single glass ... int . office - JUNE 's floor - morning June set the coffee and baked goods on various desk , then strap herself into she own desk . a co - worker enter , see she ... co- worker hey , June . JUNE Morning , ronnie . I leave you a soy latte -- non fat , no sugar -- on you desk and I be sorry about the last few day ... co- worker oh ... ( hold up a coffee ) I already get one , but thanks . and what be you sorry for ? she look at he . JUNE well , I be not here and -- and now another CO - worker sit down . another CO - worker really ? you tock some time off , huh ? June stand there , wounded , as the realization hit she -- no one notice she be go . she look over at the 50 - something woman , sit down to work at she cubicle , she desk clock beside she . the woman see June stare at it . 50 - something woman ( be : desk clock ) it 's already break . JUNE that 's too bad . 50 -something woman eh , it be good while it last . so where would you go ? 87 . JUNE what ? oh. Italy . and some tropical island ... somewhere . 50 - something woman ( impressed ) ooo ! why have you come back ? June consider it . good question . int. HOTEL room - night milner sit at a table , put together explosive device and wiring detonator . he speak to someone o.s. milner she actually accuse I of be a emotional cripple . you ever hear anything more ridiculous ? TI tell she , emotional detachment be a necessary part of the job . but it 's like she do not even hear it . how can she drive I so nut ? I swear , I have be off my game since the moment I meet she . ( then , consider ) still , I guess the question be why do I do the job in the first place , you know ? and the truth be , it 's all I have get . that 's why I can do it so well ... because I do not have anything else to care about . when you do not have anybody , you have get nothing to lose , right ? ( then , realize ) but if I have be off my game , and I have ... maybe it 's because I have finally find something I do not want to lose . he gather up the device in a backpack . milner I really appreciate you let I talk this out with you . thanks , man . we widen to see that milner have be talk to a huge thuggish guy who be tie to a chair , bound and gag . milner you be a good listener . he punch the guy in the face , knock he unconscious . 88 . int . fine restaurant - night June sit down at the bar in the restaurant where she and milner first meet . the bartender step over . JUNE White wine , please . she look over to the empty table where she sit with milner . JUNE ( to the bartender ) actually , make it a bourbon . he pour she a drink . she downs it quickly , then pass the glass back to he . JUNE another . he pour she another . she sit there , feel out of sort . she pull out she passport and open it up . JUNE at least I get one stamp . she examine the stamp , when a puzzle look cross she face . on the passport it 's not a italian stamp , but a stamp picture of a igloo and , beneath it , the number '' 64 14 23 153 37 03 . '' JUNE milner ... ( to the bartender ) hey , this number mean anything to you ? she show they to he . bartender I do not know . phone number ? lotto pick ? JUNE thanks . she throw down some cash and hurry out . int . JUNE 's bedroom - day June look at the number on she passport and do a Google search on she laptop . she come up empty . 89 . she look at the number in the passport again , get a idea . JUNE wait ... she go to a geographical locator website and type in the number . JUNE longitude 64 , 14 , 23 . latitude '' 153 , 37 , 03 . the site display the coordinate as a dot on a map -- a remote location in northern Alaska . she smile . that 's it . montage - junea transformation -- June walk through she office carry a box of she belonging . her co - worker and a confuse Mr. hearn look on as she stride into the elevator and leave . -- at a bank , June sit at a desk with a banker . he hand she a thick stack of bill . she shake he hand and leave . he turn to he computer , where we see he screen display '' holyfield , JUNE '' with the word " checking , '' '' saving '' , '' a01k , " and '' ira '' beneath . with a click of he mouse , the word '' close '' appear beside each one . -- at_a newsstand , June snap up copy of Eye spy , gun and ammo , future weapon . she 's about to leave , when she double back , grab cosmo . -- in she apartment , June toss she various tasteful - yet - bland outfit from she closet into onto a large pile in the middie of she floor . finally , she stand in the closet amidst empty rack . she look determine . -- in a department store , June try on various '' spy '' outfit with no luck -- one 's too bulky , the next too '' army surplus , '' another too constrict , etc . close on JUNE 's face she smile . whatever she 's wear now , that 's the one . int . seattle -tacoma INTERNATIONAL airport - day a pair of sleek boot strut confidently through the terminal . pan up to see it 's June , deck out in a sexy , super - spy outfit , impenetrable behind dark sunglass . 90 . June own it , the crowd parting as she pass . head turn . she 's intense , deadly determine . end montage int . airport terminal - day we hear a board announcement . airline worker ( v.o . ) this be the final board call for anchorage , Alaska , depart from Gate 7 - B . . June head for the gate , pass a sinister - looking man turn away from she , buy a slice of pizza . he turn around and stare after she . dissolve to : ext . airplane - day a airplane soar over the freeze alaskan landscape . ext . alaskan airport - day June emerge from the terminal , a bag sling over she shoulder . she head for the taxi stand , when a scary - looking guy step up beside she . scary guy need a ride , miss ? JUNE . no , thanks . I ' 11 just take a cab . two other equally scary -looking guy step up beside she , box she in . they show she they be hold gun under they coat . she sigh wearily . JUNE you guy just love you gun , do not you ? they herd she into a wait black sedan . int . dark room - day we be back where we be in the first scene . June 's seat at a metal table , handcuff , as the scary guy stand menacingly nearby . June just sit there , think in silence -- have replay the whole story of she past week solely in she mind . the scary guy wait expectantly . 91 . man so ? JUNE I be sorry , what ? man you say you have have to go back to Monday to explain to we why you be here . so do it . JUNE oh. right . you know what ? I be not feel it . man what ? JUNE look , I do not know if you be the bad guy or the worse guy or some other guy entirely . but the one thing I do know for certain ? you be definitely a bunch of asshole . the man look on , incredulous . JUNE honestly , if this be last week , we might be have a whole different conversation here . but a lot 's happen to I since then . so , really , I only have two word for you ... bite I . the man nod to one of he cohort , who grab June 's arm , roll up she sleeve . she stare in horror as she 's injected with a needle . JUNE what be that ? heroin ?! be that heroin ?! you be gonna turn I into a junkie ?! man it 's sodium pentothal . to relax you . JUNE ( sagging ) man so now you can tell we you story -- completely and truthfully . 's June sit there a moment , the drug hit she . the man . JUNE the truth ? man ( lean forward ) yes . the truth . JUNE okay . my mother have a better life than I do . man what ? JUNE I mean , I always think she be just irresponsible , ever since I be a kid , and I do not want to be like that . I go the other way -- play it safe and stable , you know ? but that 's no fun . and it be so not sexy . man miss holyfield -- I need to know -- 92 . she look at we hear . gunshot os and now the sound of men scurrying about . more gunshot . someone scream . the man bark something in Russian and other man in the dark spring into action . but June do something strange . she smile . light up . because ... JUNE it 's he -- milner ( 0.s. ) JUNE ! JUNE JOHN ! more gunplay and now we see muzzle flash in the dark . the Russian man , the last man in here , be panicked , reload he gun . she look at he , giggle ... 93 . JUNE ( sing -song ) he 's go - to ki-il you ... man quiet ! boom ! and he 's shot . and now silence . a switch be flip and the space light up . revealing milner stand there by the door , inside a giant warehouse - like space . JUNE you come for I . that be so romantic ... he start to untie she . she smell he hair . weird . man I be really hope to get to you before this guy do . sorry about '' that . he start to lead she out of there ... JUNE I have be mad at you if I do not want to rip you clothes off so bad ... ( take he arm ) Boy , you nve get big biceps . I really wanna see you naked ... can i? milner uh-huh , so exactly what do they shoot you up with ? JUNE sodium something . milner sodium pentothal ? JUNE that 's the one . milner that 's truth serum , June . 's , JUNE the truth be I feel so _ good ... except now she start to cry . 94 , JUNE why do I waste so much of my life ? milner this way . JUNE and all that guy I date . Mitch , Dave ... Todd ... keith . they be all the same -- boring . bore , boring , boring ! as gunshot rip into the wall , milner pull she back ... milner careful ... JUNE but not you ... you be so exciting . you have such a exciting life . ( grab he ) you really excite I , milner . John . he look at she , check he gun . then jump out and shoot the gunman down the hall . milner all clear ... JUNE and you be so brave . that really excite I , too . how brave you be . and you care about the world ... do you have any idea how that make I feel ? milner ( check around a corner ) excite ? t JUNE alive . he shoot two man come down the corridor , pull she along ... JUNE but would it work between we ? oh , I be sure the sex would be good . really good . like really excellent good -- 95 . milner it 's a good thing you be not gonna remember any of this -- JUNE -- but then what ? another gunman , behind they , milner pivot , shoot over June 's head ... JUNE you work alone and live alone . so in the end , I have be ... alone , right ? a grenade roll down the corridor ... milner quickly throw he body against a door , crash into ... a office pull June to the floor as the explosion rip through the corridor ... they lie on the floor together , she look at he . JUNE I do not even know who you be . I mean , not really . milner stand , pull she to her foot , pick up metal desk chair , throw it through the window as June prattles on . JUNE I mean , sure , you be obviously suave and smart and you have great taste in clothes . except for you shoe . milner look offended . milner what 's wrong with my shoe ? this be ferragamo . JUNE do not go with the outfit . milner yes , they do ! JUNE the point be , I do not know if you - can have ever anyone else in you life . but I guess we should just enjoy the time we have get together . 96 . he lift she up to the window ... she start to climb out , look back at he . milner June -- JUNE and you be really sexy . gunshot rip into the office ... milner . go ! she go out the window and milner turn around flip over the desk , get behind it and take out the two gunmen ... ext . warehouse - day bright SUN as milner hurry June away from the remote warehouse , which we now see be in the midst of a icy wilderness . milner hop on a wait snowmobile , pull the groggy June on behind he . milner hold on . June wrap she arm around he as he fire up the snowmobile and speed away . she rest she head against milner 's back , smile blissfully , then close she eye and drift off to sleep . int . warehouse roof - day through binocular , someone watch milner and June speed away on the snowmobile . ext . alaskan compound - day a isolate , military - like compound sit hide away amidst the snowy mountain . int . compound guest room - day June awaken , look around to find herself in a well - appoint bedroom -- satin sheet , tasteful furniture , etc . she take in the strange surroundings and grin . she 's get use to this . on a nightstand next to she lie a handwritten note . she pick it up . it read : '' JUNE , stay put . but if you can ’t , there 's a machine gun in the drawer . -- xoxo , milner '' 97 . she open the drawer to reveal a machine gun . int . corridor - day June emerge from the bedroom , hold the machine gun tentatively . she make she way down the hall , when she hear male voice approach down a adjoin hallway up ahead . she duck for cover in a doorway as the burly guy walk past , then stealthily continue on . int . another corridor - day just stand by a doorway lead into a main hall . she peer inside . it 's fill with INTERNATIONAL businessmen and dick cheney -types . just then , she hear a deep voice right behind she . deep voice ( 0.s. ) what be you do here ?! June whirl around , raise she machine gun . it 's just milner , do a voice . he laugh . JUNE do not do that . milner sorry . you know , for a woman who hate gun , you look pretty hot pack one . she hand the machine gun to he . JUNE where be we ? milner do not worry . we be safe with my peep . JUNE you '' peep '' ? you mean the iia ? milner the what - it ? ( then , remember ) ohhh ... actually , I kinda make that up . I be talk about my real peep . come on , I 'il introduce you ... he lead she into the adjoin room . 98 . int . MAIN hall - day the gather INTERNATIONAL businessmen smile warmly at milner and June as the two enter . milner June , may I present the New freedom Coalition -- or the nfc , for short . not to be confuse with the National football Conference , who , for the most part , have no aspiration of global domination . milner pull she hand from he , then turn to a scientist . milner ( cont ’d ) this be Dr. raj . he 's reverse - engineering the battery for we . milner pull the battery out of he pocket . JUNE ( confuse ) but ... you give I the battery . milner look sheepish . milner busted ! sorry , June . that be a fake . I have to get the real one up here asap so we could move on to phase two . JUNE phase two ? milner production . he set the battery down on a table . dr . raj we be go to make thousand of they . milner and here 's the kicker . once we start the big war in the Middle East and choke off the world 's oil supply -- bam ! -- we appear with the solution . we be go to be bazillionaire . ( then ) ( more ) 99 . milner . ( cont would ) I know that 's not really a number , but when we be in charge , we will make it one . - JUNE I do not understand . dr . raj my dear , it 's very simple . once we destabilize the global economy , we can use we power to build a better world . milner sure , there might be a little widespread panic and general mayhem . but you can not make a '' free - world frittata '' without break a few egg , right ? the other chuckle . JUNE why do you bring I here ? milner you help we throw off the FBI , ackerman , the worse guy , and God - know - who-else . you have prove yourself . we want you in the club . he take she hand , earnestly . . milner I want you in the club . I always know you be mean for great thing . what do you say ? JUNE I come all this way around the world to find you -- and this be who you be ? milner June , think about it . the world be fall apart . we be offer mankind a second chance . this be the good guy . JUNE no . this be just a bunch of twisted , greedy , evil asshole . and you be one of they . 100 . the other nfc member exchange worried glance . dr . raj milner , do we have a problem here ? milner ( wave they off ) we be cool , we be cool ... June , I have to say , you be be . just a liiiittle bit ungrateful . think about this . I mean , really think about it . JUNE screw you . dr . raj milner ... milner sigh wearily . milner you disappoint I , June . he pull a gun and point it at she . she 's defiant . JUNE go ahead . it 's really be '' just business '' to you all along , have not it ? milner stare she down coldly , he gun steady , he finger tightening on the trigger , when they hear the sound of a rocket propelled grenade be fire . ; dr . J rpg ! milner ( realize ) ackerman . get down ! a missile hit the room and explode . all hell break loose . everyone 's send sprawling to the floor as the light go out , debris fall from the ceiling , etc . nm June take advantage of the distraction . she grab the battery off the floor and race out the door . milner notice . milner June ! he go after she as a klaxon blare . 101 . ext . corridor - day June turn a corner and race down the hallway . milner run after she . milner June , wait ! JUNE get away from I ! ext . balcony - day June burst out onto the huge balcony , build against the mountainside . the view be breathtaking , the drop-off over the railing hundred of foot to the ground below . . milner be in pursuit . June head for a’door across the balcony , but stop short when she see -- ackerman burst through the doorway ahead , gun draw , aim at milner . she duck between two large column to get out of the line of fire . . ackerman shoot as milner dive for cover . bullet fly in both direction on the balcony before she , as the two man engage in a fierce gun battle . she put the battery in she pocket , desperately look around for a way out . there be no other exit . she stand there , at a loss , when -- she hear the sound of a clank , clank on the floor nearby . a live : grenade skitter to a stop right before she . milner ( see it ) great . June desperately reach out for the grenade , try to stay protect from the firefight . her finger finally land on it . she chuck it towards milner 's end of the balcony , then duck back between the column as the grenade explode . 102 . milner lose he gun in the blast , debris raining down on he . between the column , June wait nervously . ackerman step before she . ackerman _ Ms. holyfield ? bam ! a bloody milner hit he from the side , knock ackerman 's gun from he hand . the two man tear into each other . June pick up . ackerman 's gun off the floor , as milner and ackerman 's brawl slam they against the balcony 's railing . damage by the grenade , the railing give way . milner lie half over the side of the balcony , with ackerman on top of he , he finger lock around milner 's throat . June pull milner 's gun from the debris . milner struggle to free himself from ackerman 's chokehold , then kick he off , send he fly across the balcony . as the two man stagger to they foot , ready to continue the battle -- : JUNE stop !!! June step between they , she arm spread wide , a gun in each hand , aim at the two man in both direction . JUNE just ... stop . milner easy there , June . you hate gun , remember ? JUNE you know what I hate more ? liar ! ackerman Ms. holyfield , I be here with the FBI . we track milner and the nfc here to shut they down for good . milner that 's bullshit , June . he 's not here with the FBI . he 's here with he client -- the worse guy . ( more ) 103 . milner ( cont would ) they want the battery to power weapon . the kind that can fit in a suitcase . — JUNE so what ? you be with the other bad guy ! milner no , I be not ! I swear to you ! I just infiltrate the nfc as part of my mission . ackerman that 's absurd . do not fall for it ! milner that 's why I leave you the stamp in you passport . I know ackerman and he client would follow you here . do you know how hard it be to get all the bad guy in the same place ? June be skeptical . ackerman Ms. holyfield , listen to I . we will get you out of here . you can still go back to you old life . for God 's sake , do not let he use you again . . it sound convincing . June be tear . . milner June ... you know the real reason I choose you when I see . you in the window of that restaurant ? because you look lonely . and I know what lonely look like . ackerman he 's try to get inside you head . that 's what he do . do not ' let he ! milner you be wrong , June . what you say when the worse guy drugge you . JUNE uh ... what do I say ? 104 . milner that I could never have anyone in my life . that if we get together , you would wind up alone . JUNE I say that ? milner well , that and you think that we would have great sex , but let 's stay on target -- JUNE I do not say that . milner the point be , you be all I have be able to think about , ever since I meet you .. you be the best partner I have ever have , in every conceivable way . JUNE just -- what do you want , milner ? milner I want this first date to go on forever . she look : he in the eye a beat -- he 's never look more serious . she make she decision . JUNE ( to milner ) I do not believe you ... milner look wounded . ackerman smile in relief . JUNE ( to milner ) ..- but I trust you . she shoot ackerman , then go to milner . he take she in he arm , just as -- : a group of armed worse guy step out onto the balcony . ackerman , clutching he gunshot wound , call to they . ackerman ( be : milner and June ) take ‘em out ! 105 . JUNE milner ... milner do not worry . I get it . he calmly pull out a detonation device in he hand . the opposite end of the balcony explode , and the worse guy go fly . we hear other charge he 's set around the compound go off , when -- commandos rappel down onto the balcony on . rope from above and swarm in from every door , armed to the tooth . they all wear match uniform , emblazon with a logo that resemble the famous shot of the earth rise over the moon . they drag ackerman and the survive worse guy out of the rubble , swiftly and efficiently disarming they and take they down . June look on , amaze . JUNE ( realize ) the iia ? milner ( shrugging ) we be the watchdog of the World . June smile , relieved . he kiss she . milner you know , I be glad you decide to trust I before they show up , because that would have make you choice ridiculously easy . the commando leader drop beside milner and remove he goggle . we recognize he as the maitre d' from the restaurant where they first meet . leader : johnny milner do it again . milner you be suppose to be here at 0800 ! I have to do it all by myself . 106 . leader no , it be 0900 ... milner do not you remember the plan ? leader there be a plan ? int . meeting hall June follow milner into the wreck room , amaze , as the iia commando round up and drag away the last of the bad guy around they -- the New freedom Coalition , they Guards , and the worse guy . sporadic machine gun FIRE continue elsewhere in the compound as milner grab a bottle of wine and a couple of glass that have miraculously make it through the mayhem . he check the wine label . impress , he pour they both a drink . milner ( hand she glass ) admit it . this be the best first date you have ever have . JUNE it 's up there . they toast and drink . milner so -- wanna do it again ? JUNE maybe . call I . I do not want to come off desperate . milner grin . JUNE oh ! I almost forget ... June take out the battery and hand it to milner . JUNE here . keep it safe . milner yeah , about that ... this one 's not real , either . 107 . JUNE then where be the real one ? milner nowhere . it have not actually be invent yet . JUNE what ?! milner I mean , they be work on it , but it 's still a way off . but now when it be invent , we will have already take out all the guy who be go to go after it . see how it work ? ° JUNE my brain hurt . : milner you get use to it . dissolve to : ext . remote tropical pool - day like in the mate-dot- com ad . only now , milner dive into pool , swim under the water , surface to where June wait kiss she ... JUNE you know , it may be time for you to meet my mom . milner I would love to . be she like you ? June think , then ... . JUNE yeah . she be . the and just then , across the grounds , June hear the roar of several jeep pull up beside a thatched - roof boathouse . JUNE uh-oh ... a couple drug lord - type and they entourage of armed bodyguard emerge from the jeep and enter the boathouse . 108 . JUNE time for work . milner climb out of the pool , as June reach into a beach bag and pull out two enormous machine gun . she hand one to milner , along with some clip . they lock and load as they approach the boathouse . . JUNE what be you make for dinner tonight ? milner Steak au poivre . JUNE I love steak au poivre ! milner I know . they share a quick kiss . milner kick in the door of the boathouse , as the two burst in , gun blazing , and we ... fade out .