knight move by Brad mirman property of knight move production ( third draft ) ________________________________________________________________________ 1 fade in : int . auditorium - 1972 - day two boy sit on opposite side of a chessboard . one be nine , the other fourteen . the room be silent , the tension between the two young player severe . all the adult player that have be eliminate from this match by the two boy stand around watch . on the wall be a banner that read : 1972 WASHINGTON state tournament . the fourteen year old move and hit he timer . frustration fill the nine year old 's face . he move . the fourteen year old move and call check . the nine year old frantically search the board for a solution . he move . again the fourteen year old move and call check . the nine year be stunne . he pick up he king to lay it on it 's side and signal defeat . suddenly , he rake the piece off the board , grab he fountain pen and lunge at the fourteen year old , stabbing he repeatedly in the chest . they fall to the floor . the adult try to pull they apart . the nine year old struggle ferociously , scream and kick like a mad man . int . hospital ward - 1972 - dusk in the b.g. we see the nine year old Boy sleep . a doctor and the boy 's father , a hard - look man in he forty , walk through the door . we move with they down the hall . doctor the pressure and demand player with you son 's ability put on themselves to win be incredible . the stress and tension be difficult enough for adult to handle , yet alone a nine year old . father I can not afford to keep he in here forever , you know . doctor I would just like to keep he here over night , then start session with a child psychologist . father I know this would happen . this be he mother 's do . she 's not strict enough with he . I work all day . she lay in bed drunk and the boy do whatever he want . 2 doctor after he 's release it 's crucial that he 's supervise . the most important thing be that during he treatment he 's not allow anywhere near a chessboard . ext . house , backyard - 1972 - dusk a small , tract home . the Boy sit on the ground , draw in the dirt with a stick . he do not notice as he Father walk up and stand behind he . father what be you do ? the Boy be startle . he stand up quickly . in the dirt we see he have draw a chessboard . boy nothing . the Father slap he across the face . father do not lie to I ! what do the doctor 's tell you about play chess ! get in the house ! the Father drag he foot across the dirt , erase the board . int . bedroom - 1972 - night the Boy be sit on he bed . in the b.g. we hear the voice of he parent . father ( os ) I have have it ! I have get a drunk for a wife and a lunatic for a son . I do not need this shit anymore ! we hear footstep . father ( os ) you be crazy ! both of you . we hear a door slam . the Boy show no sign of emotion . 3 int . hallway black screen - night all be quiet except for a faint dripping SOUND . a door be slowly open . Light streak out into a hallway . we see the nine year old . he be barefoot and wear pajamas . he look up . drop of blood drip from a crack in the ceiling above . the Boy move towards a staircase at the end of the hall . int . bedroom - 1972 - night the Boy enter , take a few step into the room and stop . he stare ahead blankly . he Pov : woman be arm - close shot the arm hang off the bed , blood flow out of a deep gash in she wrist and pool on the floor . the camera move up the arm . a woman in she forty lay in bed . the blood flow from she other wrist , soaking into the mattress . her eye be close , head title away from he . the Boy show no sign of emotion . he walk over to the nightstand and start to open she purse . there be a moan from the woman as she open she eye and turn she head toward the boy . they lock eye for a moment , then slowly , she eye close . the boy remove a key from the purse and walk to a dresser . he unlock a drawer and remove a box , then leave the room . int . kitchen - 1972 - night the Boy walk over to the table with a glass of milk and cookies . he sit down , he foot dangle from the chair and open the box . Inside be a chessboard and piece . he remove they , set up the board and start to play . close on chessboard : the camera move from one side of the board to the other , weaving through the chess piece , then pull back over the head of the audience . int . auditorium - present day - night > from the rear of the room , over the head of the audience , we see three table on stage . a large board of the game be present on the wall behind each table . close shot - player' eye : we cut back and forth . deep , probing eye , intensely focus and determine . close on the clock : it tick methodically , and be the only sound we hear . 4 the audience : watch with anticipation , they eye lock on the view board . peter sanderson sit on one side of the board . he be a handsome man , in he early thirty . well - dress in a expensive suit , there be a air of confidence about he . Peter make a move , then hit the timer . Peter 's opponent , grandmaster lutz , a quirky - look little man in he fifty make a tentative move . jeremy edmond , Peter 's trainer , a distinguished - look man in he fifty , watch from he wheelchair . he grin and nod he head , know that Peter have get the game . lutz study the board , make a move , then hit he timer . Peter move , then hit he timer . he be in control . frustration show on lutz 's face . he survey the board , then slowly reach over and lift up he king and lay it on it 's side signal defeat . Peter stand , shake he hand , wave to the crowd , then leave the stage . int . hallway - night a newscaster be position by the stage door . newscaster today conclude the second week of competition in this round-robin candidate tournament . each of the player will play four game against the other and the winner will earn the right to play for the world title next year . Peter walk through the doorway and down the hall , accept congratulation . Jeremy wheel himself along side of he . newscaster but the big story be the amazing comeback of Peter sanderson who be currently lead the tournament . America 's best hope since Bobby Fischer , sanderson stunne the chess world three year ago when he walk out in the middle of last candidate tournament while lead by three game and forfeit the match to viktor yurilivich who be only two game behind sanderson in this match . 5 Peter stop to sign a few autograph . a young attractive woman in she twenty walk over to Peter . she be wear a chess federation blazer and a name tag identify she as debi rutlege . debi mister sanderson , here be you schedule for tomorrow . Peter take it . they lock eye . she smile at he . a reporter stick a microphone in Peter 's face . reporter Peter , could we have a moment please ? the moment be break , as erica sanderson , Peter 's daughter , a bright - face ten year rush up to he and hug he . erica congratulation , dad . peter ( to the press ) my cheer section . int . peter' HOTEL room - night Peter sit across a chessboard from Jeremy , who have just finish make a open move . peter you open with the English . lutz will not use it . he open he first game with it . jeremy he know you be aware of that . peter then I will transpose . jeremy on a variation , yes -- but it must be a variation that be unique . peter I suppose you have something in mind ? Peter get up and begin to pace . 6 jeremy ( quickly move the piece ) at this point you will move Bishop to e 4 . he will capture you knight e6 . Rook to b5 , begin he counterplay . d6 take you Rook , you advantage be lose -- but watch -- Queen f5 check . he take you knight -- now , Rook to d3 -- he 's finish . there be a knock on the door and a message be slip under . Peter pick it up . peter it 's a good play , but risky . jeremy you do not win by play it safe , Peter . Peter open the message and read it . erica appear in the doorway to she room . peter what be you do up ? erica I can not sleep . my bed lumpy . peter I see . you forget to bring you be night - light , do not you ? erica that have nothing to do with it . peter you want to sleep in my bed tonight ? erica okay . jeremy I will tuck you in . erica kiss Peter , then run into he room . Jeremy wheel after she . peter Jeremy , have someone pick up a night - light tomorrow . Jeremy nod and leave the room . Peter pick up the phone and dial . 7 peter ( into phone ) Debi ..? int . debi be apartment , bedroom - night Peter and Debi move passionately on the bed , they body move rhythmically . Peter pull she up to a sit position , guide she up and down as he run he lip sensually over she breast . she arch she back , moaning softly as she give way to she pleasure . ext . debi be hallway - night Peter kiss Debi goodbye . he walk off and she close the door . int . debi be bathroom - later - night Debi be soaking in the bath . the doorbell ring . int . debi be live room - night Debi slip on a robe as she walk to the door . debi yes ? man' voice ( static ; barely audible ) it 's I . I forget something . she smile and push the button , then open the door , leave it ajar , and walk out of the room . int . debi be bathroom - night Debi quickly fix she face , grin and leave . int . debi be live room - night it be dark . she enter and try the light switch . it do not work . debi very funny . 8 close on debi : she sense something be very wrong . she turn around slowly , she eye squinting to see through the darkness . suddenly , terror fill she face as a flash of bright light fill the screen . ext . ferry landing - morning quaint and charming . boat bob lazily in the water . tourist walk along the waterfront shop . andy wagner , a tough -look cop in he twenty , smoke a cigarette as he wait on the dock . chief of police , frank sedman , walk towards he . he 's a large , slightly over - weight man in he forty . he take one last drag of a cigar , then crush it out on the dock . andy sorry to ruin you trip to the city , but we get a real nut on we hand , Frank . frank ( all business ) run it down . Frank start to walk . Andy follow . andy ( look at note - pad ) Debi rutlege . female . caucasian . twenty four . worked over at the four oak Hotel . frank local ? andy no . she just move here last month from Portland . ext . debi be apartment build - morning several black and white unit be in front of the building . uniform officer keep back a crowd of onlooker . a car drive up and stop in front of the building . Frank and Andy get out . int . debi be live room - morning the room be fill with forensic team member along with uniform officer . Frank enter with Andy . uniformed officer be stand around talk . 9 frank this be not a party . everybody that do not need to be here get out ! int . debi be bedroom - morning Frank enter the room with Andy . he stop and stare at the sight before he . Debi rutlege be lay on she bed . her face be a deathly white and have be paint awkwardly with rouge and lipstick give she a macabre appearance . she be drape in the sheet which be tuck tightly around she body , she hand fold carefully across she chest . above the bed write in blood be remember . frank I move out here from the city so I could get away from this kind of shit . steve nolan , from the forensic team , who have be kneel on the other side of the bed stand up . frank whaddaya get , nolan ? nolan ( continue ; hold up a plastic bag ) not much . there 's no sign of a break in . I think she let he in . frank how long have she be dead ? nolan six , eight hour top . frank any sign of rape ? nolan not that I can see . we will know more once I get the lab report back from Seattle . andy what she die of ? nolan turn over she arm . there be deep gashes in each wrist . 10 andy you think whoever do this want it to look like it be a suicide ? nolan no . he would have take more care not to the leave rope burn on she wrist . the way I get it figure be he tie she up , slit she wrist , then sit back and watch she bleed to death . but that 's not the main thing . what 's wrong with this picture ? a beat . suddenly , Frank see it . frank there 's no blood . where 's the fuckin ' blood ? nolan bingo . ext . debi be apartment , courtyard - morning Frank and Andy walk across the yard . frank who find she ? Andy point to miss greenwell , a middle - age woman talk to a uniformed officer in the b.g. andy the landlady . Alice greenwell . she come for the rent check . the door be ajar . Frank walk over to miss greenwell . frank miss greenwell , I be Captain sedman . do miss rutlege have a boyfriend ? miss greenwell I guess so . frank what do you mean , you guess so ? miss greenwell I know she have company last night . ( confidentially ) a man . 11 frank how do you know that ? woman well , she bedroom be on the other side of mine . the wall be very thin . I could hear they . andy what be they do ? humping ? miss greenwell they be have sex , yes -- Andy grin . miss greenwell -- not that I be intentionally listen -- but with the wall be so thin -- frank I understand . thank you . int . police station - afternoon Frank and Andy stand before several uniformed officer . frank first of all , I would like to say that a lot of we have not get to know each other since I replace Captain Waters last month . a lot of you think that I be a outsider who come over and take away a job that should have go to a local ... but that 's the way it work out . so , all I can say be tough shit . you want to bitch about it , that 's fine -- but you will tow the line in my department . that mean the next time a Officer be respond to a homicide call he seal off the crime scene and nobody -- nobody but but detective wagner and I go in . ( beat ) also , if anyone talk about the message on the wall or the blood I will personally cut they ball off with a butter knife . ( to Andy ) get them go - then meet I at the car . we be go over to the hotel . Frank head to the door . 12 andy Campbell , you check with the FBI see if they get anything like this on file ... int . police station , hallway - afternoon Frank step into the hall and bump into nolan . they walk together . frank anything ? nolan not much . I do not think she be rape . there 's no bruise , or any sign of trauma to the pelvic region -- and no trace of sperm which make sense because she take a bath . frank what about print ? nolan no print . frank you mean , no print but hers ? nolan no Frank . no print . int . peter' live room - afternoon Peter be sit at a chessboard with Jeremy . Peter study the board . there be a knock on the door . Peter get up and open the door . Frank and Andy be outside . frank mister sanderson ? I be Frank sedman , bainbridge p.d. and this be detective wagner . we would like to ask you a few question about Debi rutlege . Peter open the door and they enter . frank I know you be busy so I will get right to it . do you know she ? peter only in pass . to say hello to . 13 andy I have talk to a few people who say you and she be ... friendly ? peter chess tournament can be boring sometimes . people have a lot of free time . they like to gossip . frank could you tell I where you be last night ? peter here . I play Gregory lutz . frank I know . you win two game against he and leave the auditorium at eight forty five . where do you go after that ? peter to my room and then I go for a walk . andy by yourself ? peter yes . Frank take out a piece of paper from he jacket pocket . frank this be a printout from the hotel computer for all the message logge to you room . here 's one at 9:04 pm . it say : from Debi . please call I at home . peter she call to give I my schedule for tomorrow . frank what 's interesting about it be you say you only know she in pass . yet , she say on she message for you to call she at home and she do not leave a number . that would imply you already know the number . peter I get it from the tournament directory . Frank take out a small book . 14 frank there 's no Debi rutlege list in the directory . Peter 's irritation start to show . he open a dresser drawer and remove a small book . peter you be look in the general directory . the player 's directory list everyone connect to the tournament . a beat . Frank and Peter have reach a stalemate . andy we seem to have a little problem here ? peter what kind of problem ? andy I think you be lie . that 's what kind of problem . peter what be you say ? frank we be not say anything right now . we be just try to put a few piece together . Frank and Andy leave . Peter turn and stare at Jeremy . ext . HOTEL ground - afternoon Frank and Andy walk along the grounds , head back towards the main hotel . andy what do you think ? frank he 's get a answer for everything , but he do not have a alibi . andy you think he 's dirty ? frank I do not know , but I think you be right . he 's lie . 15 int . auditorium - afternoon on the stage be three table each flanke by two chair . several chess official along with the president of the chess federation attend to the grandmaster at they respective board . Peter sit in a chair and swivel back and forth . peter I want another chair . this one kill I yesterday . ( point to big board ) also , the piece on the board move too slowly . I can see they out of the corner of my eye . can they be sped up ? president David ? david willerman , a computer technician sit at a computer off to the side of the stage . david no problem . it 's just a matter of adjust the response time . he tap in a few command on the keyboard . we see a piece quickly move across the board . david that should do it . grandmaster lutz walk over and stand by the board . grandmaster lutz you be act like a superstitious schoolboy , Peter . what 's next ? incense and rosary bead ? president ( point to a chair ) grandmaster lutz , you will be sit here for you next match . grandmaster lutz oh no -- no , I can not sit there . I must be face North . my power come from the North . Peter smile and start to walk off stage . viktor yurilivich , a tall , slender man in he forty , walk on stage . the two man stand face to face , they eye lock on each other . 16 yurilivich hello , Peter . you play a interesting game last night . even though sacrifice you Queen at b-5 be the game I play against valsney in ' 82 . I be glad it help you . peter I be sure you be . yurilivich no , I want you to do good . that way when I beat you at the end I will look that much better . peter you be get sloppy , yurilivich . you be nervous ? yurilivich I be not nervous . peter well , you should be , because this time I be go to win . yurilivich well , then this time you will have to stay for the whole match , will not you ? ext . HOTEL terrace - afternoon Peter sit at a table across from erica . they play a game of checker as they eat they ice cream . Peter be grin . peter who tell you that ? erica Mrs. lutz . she also tell I that Mr. lutz go to a medium to try and contact great grandmaster in the spirit world . peter have he get through to any ? erica no , but he do contact a dead parcheesi champion from Ohio . they both laugh . a waiter come over with a cordless phone . 17 waiter there 's a call for you mister sanderson . peter ( into phone ) hello ? the " caller " voice we hear be filter through some type of electronic devise that alter the voice . it be low , resonant , with a macabre quality to it . caller ( os ) hello , Peter . peter who be this ? caller ( os ) someone who 's go to become a important part of you life . ( beat ) I want to play a game with you . peter I have not get time for this . Peter start to hang up , when ... caller ( os ) you have time for Debi . Peter freeze . caller ( os ) do not worry , I wipe off all you print . Peter slowly lower the phone back on the cradle . he be visibly shake . erica what be it , dad ? peter nothing . int . lobby - afternoon as Peter walk across the room the desk clerk call out to he . desk clerk mister sanderson , there 's message for you . 18 Peter walk over to the desk . the clerk hand he a envelope . Peters walk away and start to open it . close shot : the back of a polaroid photograph . letter have be clipped out of a magazine and spell out a message : the game have begun . will call again tomorrow at eleven . the photograph be turn over . it be a shot of debi rutlege exactly as the police find she . the word remember write on the wall . Peter slide the picture back into the envelope , think for a moment , then look at the desk clerk . peter get I the police . int . peter be room - afternoon Peter be with Frank and Andy . frank why do not you tell we you be there earlier ? peter I do not know . I be afraid there would be hour of question . I can not afford to miss a game . andy we would not want someone 's death to interfere with you game . frank what be you relationship with she ? peter casual . andy casual ? you be bone she be not you ? peter it be not serious . what 's you problem ? andy you be ! I do not like you . peter Fine , do not ask I out on a date . 19 andy do not worry I will not . I have see how you date end up . Peter take a step towards Andy . they both square off . frank take it easy . both of you . andy I be sorry , this be just too convenient . peter what 's that suppose to mean ? andy it mean , if I be a killer and I think the police be close in on I I might invent someone to try and put they off the scent . peter that 's crazy ! why would I draw attention to myself like that ? andy you like to play game , do not you , Peter ? peter he say on the photo he will call tomorrow at eleven . why not come back then and listen for yourself . andy oh , we will be back . you can bet on it . int . auditorium - afternoon Peter sit across from grandmaster lutz . he look over a few table and stare at yurilivich . meanwhile , lutz take out a compass . he check he read then start shifting the board slightly . Peter look at he . lutz do you mind ? Peter shrug he shoulder indicate he do not . the President walk over to Peter 's table and start he timer . Peter make a move . 20 int . bainbridge institute - dusk Frank and Andy sit at a table with doctor alan fulton . a tall , thin man in he fifty . Doctor fulton study the photograph , then look up at Frank . doctor fulton you must understand that this be not my field ? andy it be not mine either but I can tell this guy 's crazy . that 's you business be not it , doc ? you deal with crazy people . doctor fulton I deal with people with problem ... and there be all different type of problem . frank Doctor fulton , we do not have a budget out here like Seattle . we can not afford to hire outside psychological help . I will take whatever you can give I . doctor fulton well , he appear to be act out some kind of fantasy . we be talk about a deeply disturb person . andy no shit ! frank could someone this disturb give the appearance of be normal ? doctor fulton absolutely . frank we have get a suspect but no hard evidence . if you meet he do you think you could tell ? doctor fulton tell what ? andy if he 's crazy ? 21 frank ( askance at Andy ) if he 's ... disturb . doctor fulton it 's possible , but not likely . there 's only one opinion I can offer with any certainty . ( beat ) he 's go to kill again . int . HOTEL gym - night Peter be on the bench press strain to finish he set . although he be clearly tired , it 's a battle of will over muscle . although he face be red , vein bugling , he do he three last press , then replace the bar . he sit up and bury he face in he towel . when he look up he see ... kathy sheppard , a beautiful woman in she twenty be stand against the wall , she eye on he . Peter smile at she . she smile back , then walk out of the room . Peter lay back down and start another set . int . steam room - night Peter enter , a towel wrap around he waist . he take a few step into the room , then stop when he see Kathy through the steam . peter sorry . I think it be empty . kathy it 's alright . Peter sit down a few foot from she . steam swirl through the room . Kathy 's eye drift over to he . her Pov : bead of sweat roll down he chest and stomach . Peter look over at she , they eye meet . she look away . Peter close he eye and take a few deep , meditative breath . Kathy look over at he again . as if sense he be be watch Peter open he eye . a beat . they eye linger on each other . kathy be this you first time here ? peter yes . 22 kathy I love this hotel . I stay here every time I visit my parent . peter how come you do not stay with they ? kathy because I love they , but they drive I crazy . you know how parent be ? peter no. I do not . a beat . kathy be you with the tournament ? peter uh huh . kathy be you one of the player ? peter yes . kathy I have always want to learn how to play chess . I do not have the patience for it . when do you start play ? peter when I be very young . kathy it seem like such a complicated game . peter not really . you see you goal and you go after it . anything that get in the way be a obstacle and must be destroy . kathy sound very violent . peter chess be a reflection of life . life be violent . the strong win . the weak perish . 23 kathy -- but you enjoy be the stronger one ? you like the control . peter if you be ask I if I be passionate about what I do , the answer be yes . without passion , nothing move we . what 's you passion ? kathy that 's a very personal question . peter I see . this be go to be a very polite conversation . what shall we discuss ? the weather ? movie ? kathy be you disappointed that I will not answer you ? peter I have just hope there would be more substance to the conversation . kathy I think open too quickly be a fatal mistake in chess . peter ( grin ) it be . kathy do you always open quickly ? peter be we talk about I , or chess ? kathy you . peter each circumstance require a different tactic . kathy well , I hope you remember that tomorrow when you play krikorian . Peter stare at Kathy for a moment . she 's make a mistake and she know it . she stand up . 24 kathy well , I think I have have enough . peter get too hot in here for you ? she feign a smile and start towards the door . suddenly , he hand shoot out , grab she arm . she freeze . Peter stand up , he body trapping she between he and door , he lip almost touch she ear . peter what be you look for ? kathy nothing . I just come in for a steam . peter no you do not . he spin she around . they be face to face . peter what be you ? a reporter ? just how far be you go to go ? a beat . Peter let she go and back off . she open the door and leave . Peter smile . ext . HOTEL - night Kathy walk across the grounds . Frank catch up with she and walk along side . frank well ? kathy well what ? I tell you this be a stupid idea . you can not learn anything from someone in a few minute . frank you do not pick up any vibe from the guy ? kathy I be a psychologist , Frank ... not a psychic . what 's this all about anyway ? frank what do Dr. fulton tell you ? 25 kathy only that you want someone from the institute to talk to sanderson for some case you be work on . what would he do ? frank we be not sure . kathy what do you think he do ? frank we think he could be a suspect in a murder investigation . Kathy stop dead in she track and stare at he . kathy the girl that be kill last night ? Frank 's silence tell she she 's right . she stare at he for a moment , then walk off . ext . doctor fultone house - night Kathy be banging loudly on the front door . a moment later it be answer by Dr. fulton . in the b.g a dinner party be go on . int . doctor fultone study - night Dr. fulton sit on the couch . Kathy pace the room . doctor fulton you might not have do it have you know . kathy you be damn right ! I be a child psychologist and you send I into a room with someone who could be a murderer ! doctor fulton would you mind keep you voice down ? I have guest . kathy oh , well we would not want to disturb you guest , would we ? 26 doctor fulton the police come to I for help . what could I do ? kathy you could have be honest with I for starter . we work together . I have to be able to trust you . doctor fulton ( check he watch ) I admit I handle it badly . sanderson be not go to talk to I ... but you be young , attractive -- kathy -- the same type as the girl who get kill . Jesus , Alan , the guy could be a psychopath . doctor fulton they ask who would be best suite for this and you -- kathy do not patronize I ! you send I into a potentially dangerous situation and do not warn I ! she walk to the door and open it . doctor fulton it work out alright , do not it ? kathy ( loudly ) fuck off ! all the guest be sit at the dinner table , eat soup . they stare at Kathy . fulton . kathy ( to the guest ) that 's what I would have say to the chef if I catch he shave over the soup . she walk out . slowly , several of the guest lower the soup spoon and push they bowl away . 27 int . office , lobby - night the lobby appear empty . one of the office door open and christie eastman , a young , attractive woman , come out carry a stack of file . she walk out of the lobby , locking the door behind she . int . elevator - night as the car descend , Christie look through one of the file . she turn a page and the file fall to the floor . she bend down to pick it up . as she do the elevator stop and the door open . a pair of black boot stand before she . she look up to see a man in he fifty . he smile and get in . the door close and the car start down again . Christie stare at the floor indicator , somewhat unnerve by the man 's presence . the car stop at the lobby and the man get out . ext . parking lot - night Christie walk across the desert parking lot towards she car . she hear a SOUND and stop and look around . christie' Pov : as she eye scan the desolate parking lot , she see nothing unusual . Christie start to walk again . she arrive at she car , get inside , then roll down the window . int . car - night Christie start the car , then take out a cigarette from she pocket and light it . she take a deep drag , then look into ... close on rear view mirror : from the back seat we see two dark eye stare at she from behind a porcelain mask . she turn around . her face fill with fear . flash ! the screen be fill with bright light . ext . bainbridge institute - morning a car drive up the gravel path and stop in front of the entrance . Frank get out and walk towards the door . 28 int . observation room - morning Kathy be watch a young girl through a two - way mirror in the next room as she play and interact with doll and toy . she make a few note , then the door open and Frank walk in . kathy I be busy right now . frank it 's important . Kathy go through a door into the observation room . through the mirror we see she kneel down next to the girl and smile . she say something to she as she point to a door lead out of the room . the girl give she a big hug . a moment later we see Frank join she in the room . he say something and they start to argue . Kathy point towards the door . close on computer monitor : a chess program . a piece be move . the screen read : checkmate ! you win . pull back . int . peter' HOTEL room - morning Peter be at the computer . Jeremy sit beside he . Frank walk over to Andy who be with a technician set up trace equipment . technician we be all set . andy I still think this be a crock of shit . there 's a knock at the door . Andy open it . Kathy enter . frank I be glad you could make it . Peter look at Frank , then Kathy with confusion . frank mister sanderson , this be Doctor sheppard . she 's a psychologist help we out . peter we have already meet . have not we ... Doctor . 29 kathy ( she smirk ) I see you be still have problem with you opening . frank and this Jeremy -- kathy -- edmond . I know . you lose to karpov in ' 82 , do not you ? jeremy yes . however , that 's not exactly how I prefer to be remember . ( beat ) well , I be go to get out of you way . Peter , I will see you this afternoon . close on ashtray : a cigarette be snuffed out . pull back . Andy finish put out he cigarette , then glance up at Peter who be pace back and forth . Andy check he watch . andy eleven oh six . he look at Peter with a grin . a beat as the two man stare at each other . the moment be break as the phone ring loudly . Peter 's head snap towards the phone . frank remember , try to keep he on as long as you can . do not confront he . let he answer the question I give you . the technician start he tape machine and trace equipment . Peter pick up he cordless phone . peter hello ? we hear the caller be distort voice . caller ( os ) hello , Peter . peter ( stalling ) just a second . ( a beat , then ) hello ? 30 caller ( os ) very amateurish , Peter . I be surprised you would use such a obvious tactic . ( there be anger in he voice ) I be not a idiot ! do not treat I as one ! I will call you everyday ... you get one minute , whether you put I on hold or talk be up to you ! be you ready to play ? peter yes . why do you kill Debi rutlege ? caller ( os ) to get you attention . peter do you know she ? caller ( os ) no , only the path she choose to travel . Peter be try to keep the conversation move . peter and -- what path be that ? caller ( os ) we all have path to follow . you hope yours will lead you to I . peter why do you write remember on the wall ? caller ( os ) that 's something you will have to figure out for yourself . really , Peter , you can not expect I to answer such direct question . peter why not ? caller ( os ) you do not want to think and that 's why I will win ! I be already two point ahead . peter what ? 31 caller ( os ) I do another one last night . you might have save she , but you do not want to play . peter where be she ? caller ( os ) you will find she . peter if you get something to say to I , just come out and say it ! Andy pick up the extension phone . andy where be she you sonofabitch ! there 's a chuckle from the caller . caller ( os ) ah ... detective wagner . I be sorry but you will have to get off the line and go back to you trace equipment . if I want to play the game with a moron I would have call you . Frank angrily motion Andy to get off . Andy hang up . caller ( os ) I suppose you want to know where I be go to kill tonight , Peter ? peter you be not go to tell I that . caller ( os ) " wee Willie winkie run through the town . upstair and downstairs in he nightgown . crawl through the window . at the end of miss Emma 's street . her God have go and leave he home . so she and I can meet . " the line go dead . a beat . everyone reflect on what they have just hear . frank ( to Andy ) be you out of you fuckin ' mind pick up the phone ! 32 andy sorry . frank ( to technician ) anything ? technician nothing . we would have a better chance if we could tap in at the junction box . frank thanks mister sanderson. ( to Kathy and Andy ) let 's go . peter you want I to go with you ? maybe I can help . frank that 's alright . we will take it from here . ext . HOTEL ground - morning Kathy , Frank and Andy leave Peter 's room and walk back towards the hotel . andy you should be a actor , Frank . you look like you be really mad . the vein pop out on you neck be a really nice touch . kathy you be not mad at he for pick up the phone ? frank no . I tell he to . I want to make sure there be someone on the other end . kathy but we hear he . frank it could have be a tape . a prerecord conversation between sanderson and himself . 33 int . police conference room - afternoon a room set up to deal with the murder . photograph be pin to a cork board . Frank be at a table with Kathy , Andy and nolan . on the chalkboard in the rhyme the caller recite earlier . andy the f.b.i. have nothing remotely similar to this guy . I think he 's a first - timer . frank check with the State . if he 's never kill outside of Washington the f.b.i. would not have it . nolan ? nolan he tape they mouth shut . we find trace of adhesive around the victim mouth . we be do a chemical analysis for component , but it 's probably a standard brand you can buy in any hardware store . frank there 's only two hardware store on the whole Island . we will check that out . what about the blood ? nolan not a drop . maybe the guy work for the Red Cross . Frank look at nolan askance . frank Kathy ? kathy well , the fact that he view this as a game suggest that he be try to prove some sense of superiority -- and the way he murder confirm a need to be in complete control of he victim . frank what about the way he arrange the body ? 34 kathy that would indicate he 's play out a fantasy . power-control killer usually fantasize about they action long before they commit they . once they become a reality though , they reach a sense of euphoria and need to repeat the act to sustain it . but , in all the research I have read on serial killer , I have never hear of one move so fast . it 's as if the game be the catalyst for the murder -- not the other way around . frank anything else ? kathy yes . why disguise you voice if no one know it ? frank I be think the same thing . he must be local . it 's logical for he to assume that the police would be there , but he recognize Andy 's voice and call he by name . ( point to the rhyme ) what about this ? kathy I would think it 's some type of clue as to where he 's go to kill next ? andy why do he call sanderson ? kathy he 's one of the best chess player in the world . who better to play a game with ? frank ( to Andy ) you still have a problem with this ? andy yeah , I be . I think he 's play we . if I be a killer and the police be try to make a case against I , what better why to draw they off than to put they attention on someone else ? 35 kathy send yourself anonymous note in the mail be one thing -- but who call he today ? andy I do not know . maybe there 's two of they . maybe he hire some wino to make the call . kathy maybe you be reach a bit ? I think sanderson should be in on this . there 's a reason why the killer 's call he . a uniformed officer knock and enter . officer Captain , we find she . ext . warehouse - wide shot - afternoon several black and white unit be park in the rear of the building . Frank and Andy walk up the load dock step in silence . int . warehouse - afternoon the body of christie eastman be lay on top of a large crate . her body have be drape tightly with a sheet and she arm be fold across she chest . her face be deathly white and have be make up with the same clumsy makeup . written in blood on the wall behind she be : eventually int . stage wing - evening Peter pace back and forth wait for the match to begin . yurilivich be sit in a chair , watch Peter with a grin . Peter turn around and almost bump into lutz who be wear a ridiculous hat with sheet of aluminium foil stick out . [ lutz they be try to control my thought . ( point to the hat ) aluminium foil . it repel the think ray . ] Peter stare at he . in the b.g. Kathy enter , look around , then walk over to Peter . 36 kathy they could not break the riddle . peter do you think it be go to be easy ? you think he be go to lay it out at you foot ? kathy we need you help . peter I offer my help this morning and sedman turn I down . kathy but you be the key . the one he want to play the game with . peter I can not right now . I have get a game . kathy she could be dead after the game . peter she could be dead now . kathy what if she be not ? where be you priority ? you have to think between someone 's life and a chess game ? ( raise she voice ) the girl he kill last night be only twenty one year old ! he dumped she body behind a warehouse like a sack of garbage ! everyone be now stare at Kathy and Peter who be stare at each other . in the b.g. the President appear . president gentlemen ... the grandmaster walk onto stage as Peter and Kathy continue to stare at each other . a beat . Peter start to move towards the stage . Kathy take a step after he . she take a envelope from she jacket pocket and put it into Peter 's jacket pocket . kathy this be for you . 37 int . auditorium - night Peter sit across from grandmaster krikorian . he make a move , then hit he timer . on the board behind he the move be duplicate . krikorian study the board . Peter be stare out over the audience deep in think . krikorian make a move and hit the timer . Peter continue to stare , unaware that it be he move . a beat . all eye be on he . Peter turn around and stare at the big board , then walk over and make a move . krikorian study he position . Peter reach into he pocket for a cigarette . he remove the envelope Kathy give he , then he cigarettes . a beat . he stare at the envelope , flick he finger against it . krikorian look up annoyed . Peter open the envelope . close on photograph : we see several photograph of Christie eastman before she death . Peter turn through they . next , we see the grisly photo take at the crime scene . he be a man struggle to make a decision . krikorian make a move . Peter do not react . he replace the photo and stare at the envelope , then look up at krikorian who be watch he . a beat . Peter replace the envelope in he pocket , then make a move . int . police conference room - night Kathy sit with Frank and Andy . coffee cup litter with table . the nursery rhyme be write on the blackboard and read : wee willie winkie run through the STREET , upstair and downstair in he nightgown ; crawling through the window , at the end of miss emma's STREET , her GOD have gone and left he home , so her and I can meet . frank " her God have go and leave he home ? " everyone shake there head indicate they do not understand the reference . kathy why this girl ? how do he pick they ? Frank point to a large map of the CITY on the wall , with two red pin in different location . 38 frank ( point to the map ) I do not think it matter . last night victim , Christie eastman be find in a warehouse on the outskirt of town . the night before , Debi rutlege be find in the center . kathy meaning ? andy meaning , it look like he victim be choose at random . peter ( os ) no . Peter be stand in the doorway . he enter the room . andy what do you mean , no ? peter he say it 's a game . all game have a strategy . andy all you gotta do be look at the map . peter his victim be not random . it only mean that they appear to be random . there 's a connection , we just have to find it . Peter turn he attention to the blackboard . peter what have you come up with on the riddle ? frank " wee Willie winkie run though the street . " we think he might be make a reference to himself . peter maybe , but I do not think so . I think it 's just a tease . frank upstair and downstairs in he night gown -- he could be say the house he 's pick be two storey . 39 ext . house - night - killer' Pov as he approach a two story house . the Pov stop move , as if to decide which way to go ... then go around the right side of the house . int . police conference room - night Peter , Kathy , Frank and Andy continue to unravel the message . kathy ( offer ) " crawl through the window " ... we think that 's how he 's go to get in ? ext . side of house - killer be Pov - night a crowbar be place under a window and pried up until the lock break . we see two glove hand open the window . int . police conference room - night Peter have take he jacket off and be pace the room . Kathy , Frank and Andy stare at the board . peter that 's it ? frank we think he might be make a reference to drug ? miss Emma be a street term use by junky for morphine . peter could Emma be the name of the girl he 's go to kill ? andy we have check . there 's no one with the last name of Emma on the Island . frank maybe he 's go to drug she ? kathy he 's kill both girl exactly the same way . it 's almost ritualistic . why would he change now ? 40 peter morpheus . andy what ? peter not what -- who. morpheus . the Greek God of dream . look at the next line . " her God have go and leave he home . " kathy his home would be ... mount Olympus . frank call dispatch . double the patrol . I want that area blankete . Frank and Andy rush from the room . int . loraine's bedroom - night loraine olsen , a young , attractive girl in she twenty enter the room and walk over to the closet as she take off she jacket . she reach for the doorknob when the phone ring . she hesitates for a moment , decide whether to open the door , but decide to answer the phone first . she walk over and pick it up . loraine hello ?... oh hi Mom ... no I just get in ... no I have not forget . tomorrow , ten o'clock ... yes ... yes ... okay , I will see you in the morning . bye . she hang up , walk back to the closet and open the door . int . closet - night be a large walk - in , the back fill with long hanging dress that almost reach the floor . below they be a row of shoe , neatly align on the floor . loraine hang up she jacket , take off she shirt , then put on a tee shirt . int . loraine's bathroom - night loraine finish brush she tooth . she turn off the water , but we still hear a dripping SOUND . she look over at the bath tub with the shower curtain drawn . she open the curtain and tightly turn the handle to stop the nozzle from leak . 41 int . loraine's bedroom - night loraine sit on the edge of she bed and peel herself out of she tight pants . int . loraine's closet - night she enter the closet and hang up she pants . as she do so we see : among the row of shoe be a pair of black high - top tennis shoe . loraine start to leave . the tennis shoe move forward . close on loraine : a glove hand reach over and clamp down tightly over she mouth , muffle she scream as , int . bedroom - night the closet door be slammed shut . silence . a flash of light fill the frame of the door . ext . waterfront - night colorful shop and resturant line the street . Peter grab a hot dog from a vendor and take a big bite , then look at Kathy . peter you sure you do not want to eat something ? kathy I do not think I could . they start to walk agin . peter it 's go to be a long night . it could take hour before we know something . you should try to eat . kathy you sound like my mother . peter it be not intentional . kathy do what 's go on bother you at all ? or be you just wear you game face ? 42 peter I think it 's interesting . kathy another kind of game ? peter in a way . kathy this be not a game . peter oh , but it be . he 's kill a person everyday and challenging we to catch he . that 's a game . it have rule and objective . kathy how can you look at it so clinically ? peter take you average cop . they deal with death everyday . if they let emotion get in the way it would cloud they judgement . kathy that 's true -- but the emotion be still there . they just learn to control it . peter what about you ? be not there time when a young child be tell you a story so sad you just want to cry ? kathy of course . peter do you ? kathy ( uncomfortable ) let 's change the subject . peter okay . so , tell I about yourself . be you marry ? Kathy stop . kathy how do we get to that subject ? 43 peter I be just curious . kathy ( uncomfortable ) I think it 's best if we do not ask too many personal question -- I want to keep thing on a professional level . peter you mean like in the steam room ? kathy that 's not fair ! peter be you go to tell I you do not feel something in there ? Kathy be grow more uncomfortable by the moment . kathy you be project you own desire and read more into what happen than what actually do . peter very good . speak like a true psychologist . when confront with the prospect of you own reality , hide behind quotation . what be that Masters and Johnson ? the tension break . Kathy smile . kathy you have to win every point , do not you ? peter I just want to know if you be involved with anyone ? ( beat ) let I ask you something ? do you colleague know if you be involved or not ? kathy of course . peter why ? kathy because I work with they . 44 peter be not you work with I ? Kathy smile again , amused by Peter 's tactic . kathy no . peter you be not ? kathy no -- I be not involved . ( beat ) and I plan on keep it that way . Kathy walk off , leave Peter stare after she . int . loraine's kitchen - morning Kathy , Frank and Andy be in the room with nolan . nolan be on he knee at the base of a window . on the floor beside he be a ruler and a sheet of rubberized paper . nolan ( proudly ) this be where he force he way in . we find some fiber on the windowsill , probably particle of clothing that rubbed off when he climb through . I will know more once I get it under the microscope . frank ( not impressed ) that 's great . nolan wait , I have save the best for last . Andy , hit the light , will you ? Andy look for the light switch . Kathy realize she 's stand in front of it and move out of the way . Andy turn off the light and the room go dark . nolan turn on a flashlight and get down on he knee , then shine the light at a low angle across the floor . the floor - close shot : we can clearly see the impression of a shoe print . nolan it 's a tennis shoe . pretty old by the individual characteristic . about a size ten or eleven . this guy be big . 45 andy what 's this ? Andy point to a jagged line in the impression . nolan do not know . look like a cut or a gash in the sole of the shoe . we will blow it up back at the lab . int . hallway - morning Frank , Andy and Kathy follow nolan towards the bedroom . Frank stop and tap Kathy on the shoulder . frank before we go in I gotta tell you this be not go to be pretty . kathy I know that . I have see the photo 's . frank this be not no photo . int . loraine's bedroom - morning Frank , Andy and Kathy enter the room . loraine 's body be lay on the bed , she appearance be like all the other . on the wall write in blood be : revenge . Kathy stare at the sight , horrify . she start to gag and run from the room . frank same as the other ? nolan yeah . frank how long she be dead ? nolan I would say at least eighteen hour . frank that mean she be dead before we even finish figure out the message . 46 andy or before sanderson ever show up to help we with the riddle . he figure it out pretty quick , do not he ? maybe it 's not to hard if you write it . int . peter' HOTEL room - morning Peter enter in he sweat to find erica , Jeremy and David sit around a computer . peter good morning . erica run over to he and give he a kiss . peter ( to Jeremy ) we get a problem ? jeremy we computer go on the fritz again . David come up to fix it . peter be it serious ? david naw , it 's all fix . I also load up a program that will analyze you game three hundred percent faster . peter thanks . Peter walk over to the monitor . a computer game be on . peter what 's this ? david oh , I put a few game on for you daughter . I hope you do not mind . peter of course not . [ david well , I have get to go over lutz 's room now . he think someone have tapped into he computer and be monitoring he practice game . ] David pick up he bag and start to leave . 47 peter do not you have something you want to say to David ? erica thanks , David . david you welcome . David leave . erica you ready ? peter for what ? erica you tell I you would take I over to Seattle today . peter I be sorry , honey , I can not . not today . erica but you promise . erica stare at he sadly . jeremy I will take you . she force a smile for Jeremy 's sake , then leave the room . jeremy Peter ... peter I have get be here for the police when they come . then I have get to practise . in case you forget I be in the middle of a match right now . jeremy you be always in the middle of a match . peter I want to be the best I can . 48 jeremy sometimes I think you would rather be the best chess player , than the best father . instead of think about what kind of day you daughter have , you would rather think about the sicilian najdorf open or a counter to the tartokover bondarevsky system . ( beat ) a relationship be not a chessboard . you can not walk away from it and come back whenever you want and still expect all the piece to be there . int . peter be room - morning Peter enter from the bathroom wear only he jeans . he go over to he briefcase and start to take out a paper . he stop , then slowly take out a old , worn , envelope . he stare at it . there be a knock on the door . Peter replace the envelope . he open the door to find a pale and shake Kathy . she walk into the room . kathy they find the third girl . her name be loraine Olsen . I just come from the crime scene . it be horrible . how can anybody do something like that ? you get anything to drink around here ? Peter walk over to the bar and pour she a brandy . he bring it over to she and sit beside she on the couch . Kathy gulp it down . peter relax . kathy how the hell can I relax after see what I just see . peter I know it be bad . kathy how could you ? unless you be there . they eye lock for a moment , each probing the other . kathy sorry , I do not mean that the way it sound . 49 peter I know you do not kathy you know , Andy think you be do this . peter do not that scare you ? kathy no . peter why ? kathy because I think he 's wrong . Peter take she hand and hold it in he . there be a knock at the door . Peter open it to find Frank and Andy . frank come with we . int . HOTEL hallway - morning Peter follow Frank and Andy as they walk down a utility hallway . int . HOTEL basement - morning damp and dark . a large cavernous room build under the hotel . several smaller room , or alcove , connect to the MAIN room through a series of joining door . florescent light space on the ceiling cast long shadow through the room . large water pipe and electrical main run across the ceiling . Frank , Andy , Peter and Kathy enter . Frank walk over to the technician we see before . he be set up he trace equipment at the main telephone junction BOX . frank how 's it go ? technician ( point to a phone ) while we be down here all call come into Mr. sanderson 's room will be route to extenion 611 . I have also -- 50 the phone ring . it echoe through the room . Peter 's face tense . he walk over and pick it up . a loudspeaker be activate . peter hello ? caller ( os ) do you know what I be do right now , Peter ? I be look at the name of the girl I be go to kill tonight . peter you know she ? caller ( os ) not really . peter why she ? caller ( os ) ( a trace of anger ) because she 's the type . peter but you say you do not know she . caller ( os ) ( annoyed ) I know what I say ! she look just like ... peter just like who ? caller ( os ) I really wish you would stop try to maneuver I . I find it irritate , not to mention insulting . peter I be just try to play the game . caller ( os ) you be not play very well . there be clue all around you and you keep miss they . Peter 's frustration grow . he decide to try a different line . peter listen , if you be just go to call up to gloat , I do not want to hear it ! 51 caller ( os ) I be sure there be other people who would be interested in what I have to say . peter then call they ! Peter slam down the phone . Kathy , Frank and Andy be stunne that Peter would end the conversation . andy be you crazy ? peter let 's see how much he want to play . silence fill the room . Peter stare at the phone expectantly . a moment later it ring . Peter wait and let it ring . finally he answer it on the fourth ring . caller ( os ) just for that no hint today . peter why be you do this ? you must have some idea of the pain you be cause people . caller ( os ) pain ? pain be just a state of mind . it 's something you learn to live with . I have . Kathy hand Peter a note she have write . peter ( read the note ) and you want this girl to feel you pain ? caller ( os ) please , I do not want to get into the psychological aspect of my action . it would detract from the game . peter how ? caller ( os ) I could not say it any better than huxley . 52 peter huxley 's quote also say , " he play be always fair and just . " caller ( os ) so be mine , within the framework of my rule . the line go dead . Peter hang up . andy what in the hell do you think you be do ? slam down the phone in the middle of the trace . peter you think you be go to catch he on a trace ? everything he do be plan out well in advance . the only way we be go to get he be to rattle he -- make he slip up . frank you never know how you be go to catch a suspect . kathy Peter 's right , Captain . he 's get to be force into make a mistake . andy we do not ask for you opinion , Doctor . peter maybe you should . Peter stare at Andy defiantly . andy you do not tell we how to run we investigation . you get that ? peter you do not have a investigation without I . you get that ? the two man lock eye hostilely . frank what be you go to say , Kathy ? 53 kathy well , I think you have to play to he ego . he think he 's superior . the more secure he feel , the more chance he will take . frank what do he mean by huxley ? peter he be refer to a quote by Thomas Henry huxley . ( quote ) " the chess board be the world , the piece be the phenomenon of the universe , the rule of the game be what we call nature . the player on the other side be hide from we . we know that he play be always fair , just , and patient . but also , we know , to we cost , that he never overlook a mistake , or make the smallest allowance for ignorance . " ext . puget SOUND - afternoon Peter and Kathy be sit on the beach . Peter draw square in the sand like a chessboard and start move shell and rock around . Kathy grin . kathy be you play chess ? Peter smile like a boy with he hand catch in the cookie-jar . peter when I be little I would watch the other kid play baseball from my room . in the evening , when they parent would call they in to put they bat and ball away , I would watch they from my window , force , expression of disappointment , try to gain another few minute outside so they could play -- but no one could stop I from play . ( he close he eye ) all I have to do be close my eye and my whole world become a chessboard . I could see the piece , and sometimes it feel like if I reach out I could almost touch they . I order they and they obey . 54 Kathy stare at he for a moment , unsure what to make of he speech . Peter open he eye , there be a beat as he seem to bridge the gap back to this world . he smile . kathy can you go fifteen minute without think about it ? peter ( think for a moment ) no . but I be open to distraction . kathy I be sure you be . he smile at she . he destroy the pattern in the sand , take she hand and they start walk . peter you know , you be not the easiest person in the world to get close to . kathy you always want to talk about I . what about you ? peter be not I just talk about I ? kathy no . you be talk about chess . peter alright . what about I ? kathy I dunno . where 's erica mother ? peter she die in a car accident . kathy I be sorry . peter it 's alright . it be a long time ago . kathy it must have be very hard on erica ? peter it be . kathy and you ? 55 Peter stop and smile . peter do you want I to lay down , Doctor ? Kathy grin . peter look , why do not you just come out and ask I what you want to know ? Kathy hesitates . peter be it serious between Debi and I ? no . have I know a lot of girl like she ? ( beat ) none of you business . Kathy stare at he , almost study he for a moment . peter what ? kathy have you notice that every time we start to talk about something serious you start to play game . peter I be not play a game now . kathy yes you be . you be play word game . peter ( defensive ) what be this ? kathy I be just try to get to know you , Peter . peter what ? by attack I ? 56 kathy nobody could attack you . you set you life up like one of you chessboard . you be impregnable -- but at the same time you have become trap behind you own defense . you be cut off from everyone around you . peter what be you talk about ? you do not even know I . kathy do anyone ? he start to walk away . kathy be you forfeiting ? he stop dead in he track , turn and walk back . peter I just do not want to fight with you . kathy then show I who you be . Peter think . there 's a seriousness we have not see before . peter this frighten I -- because I be start to feel thing I have not feel in a long time . kathy you have get to face the thing you feel . peter ( a little grin ) I think you be the woman who do not want to get involved . kathy I say I do not plan on get involved . he move closer . she take a step back . peter ( move closer ) what happen to face the thing we feel ? 57 kathy ( give in ) you can turn everything around so easily . this be not just another game , be it ? peter no . they stare at each other , each of they probing the other eye . Peter lean forward and gently kiss she on the lip . he kiss she again . they passion build until they throw they arm around each other and embrace passionately . int . peter' live room - afternoon Peter pin she against the wall and kiss she . she wrap she leg around he waist as he hold she against the wall . they continue to kiss as they move along the wall , knock picture off the wall . Peter carry she over to a large chessboard . with one hand he sweep the piece off onto the floor , then sit she down on it . they kiss each other furiously , each of they grop at the other clothing . they hand move along each other body , explore , touch , feel . he un - button she blouse , then kiss she neck , work he way to she breast . Kathy close she eye , submit to the pleasure of he touch . int . peter' bedroom - afternoon two silhouettes . body intertwined . the sound of love make fill the room . slow fade to black int . peter' bedroom - later - night dark . silence . kathy I be hungry . peter call room service . a light come on . Kathy lay next to Peter . she roll over and kiss he . kathy I hate hotel food . rondi 's pizza be just down the street . 58 peter Fine . kathy what do you want on it ? peter ( nibble at she neck ) you . kathy would you settle for pepperoni ? peter if I have to . I be go to take a shower . Peter go into the bathroom . Kathy sit up and throw on a t- shirt . she go to the desk . by the phone be a copy of the white page . she start to look up the number . in b.g. we hear the shower . close on phone book : in the middle of the page a name be underline in red . it read : rutlege , debi Kathy stare at the name . a beat . slowly she turn through the page . close on phone book : the name eastman , christie be underline . the page be quickly turn again until we see the name olsen , loraine underline . Kathy be stunne . she think for a second , then get up and start get dress . in the b.g. we hear the shower stop . peter ( os ) do you call ? kathy the line be busy . I will try again . she finish dress then head for the door . she open the door and stop , then look back . her Pov : her purse be on the nightstand . she hesitates , then quickly walk back to get it . she pick it up and start back for the door when ... Peter step out of the bathroom . he stare at she . peter where be you go ? 59 kathy they be not deliver . I be go to go pick up the pizza . peter ( move closer to she ) I think you say the line be busy ? kathy I try again and get through . peter ( still closer ) what 's wrong ? kathy ( back away ) nothing . peter ( follow she ) then why be you back up ? Peter wait for a answer . there be not one . he look around the room , retrace in he mind what could have happen . he see the open phone book on the dresser next to he . he stare at it for a moment , then back at Kathy . peter this ? she do not answer . Peter appear disappointed . peter I be look for correlation between they name , address , anything that might be the same . Kathy look away . peter you be as bad as Andy ... maybe worse . he walk over to a chair and sit down , freeing the path to the door . kathy Peter , you have to admit -- peter -- admit what ? that I be right about you in the steam room ? that you be willing to do anything to find out what you want ? would you like I to leave so you can search the rest of the room ? 60 kathy Peter ... peter ( cut she off ; hurt ) how could you think that , Kathy ? how could you even consider it ? a beat . Kathy think for a moment , then walk to the door and leave . a beat . Peter get up , stare at the phone book , then close it softly . int . auditorium wing - night Peter seem deep in think . behind he lutz be pace back and forth . he be wear a ridiculous hat with sheet of aluminium foil stick out . Peter stare at he . lutz they be try to control my mind . ( point to he hat ) aluminium foil . it repel the think ray . Peter stare at he blankly . int . kathy' house - night Kathy enter she house and check she message . there be none . kathy very popular . int . auditorium - night Peter walk out on stage . yurilivich be wait for he at the chessboard . the other two table be vacant the President address the audience . 61 president since grandmaster sanderson lead the tournament with nine win , and grandmaster yurilivich be in second with eight -- it as become apparent that with only four game remain , the other player , should they win all four of they remain game , would still not be in a position to win the tournament . therefore , we have decide that the remain game between grandmaster sanderson and yurilivich will be hold separately . int . kathy' house - night Kathy sit on the couch , read a book entitle : case study of serial killr . she appear distract . she look off and think about Peter . finally , she grab she coat and leave the house . int . auditorium - night yurilivich make a move , then hit he timer . the piece move on the board behind they . Jeremy grab erica 's arm excitedly . erica what be it ? jeremy mate in five . Peter make a move . there be a slight moan from the crowd . Jeremy look at the big board reflect Peter 's move then over at erica . jeremy he do not see it . yurilivich make a move . yurilivich check . Peter be stunne at he position . he look at the board , frustration fill he face . slowly he pick up he king and lay it on he side . at the door to the auditorium we see Kathy watch he . she turn and leave . 62 int . HOTEL hallway - night a tired - look Peter walk to he door . he start to put in he key when he notice the door be ajar . a beat . he slowly push it open . int . peter' HOTEL room - night Dark . Peter enter . he try the light switch . it do not work . he walk slowly across the room . as he near the hall a figure of a man stand up out of one of the high - back chair . Peter sense something and spin around . a light on the desk come on . Andy stare at he with a grin . andy scare you ? Peter do not answer . he stare at Andy hostilely . andy you know , I figure that 's pretty much how this girl 's feel just before they get it . you think I be right ? peter I would not know . andy that 's right . I guess only the killer would know that . peter how would you get in here ? andy the door be open . peter no it be not . andy of course it be . otherwise I would be break and enter . that 's a felony . peter what do you want ? andy you ever do any hunt , Peter ? 63 peter no. andy I use to . with my old man . he teach I how to hunt and trap . trapping 's a lot harder than most people think . we use to go after raccoon mostly . they would get into we garbage , we field . when a animal can not live peacefully with that around it , it have to be destroy . but they be crafty little devil . you see the trick be , you can put you trap down , but no raccoon be go come near it unless you lay down the scent . you ever smell raccoon scent ? smell like shit , but to a male raccoon it smell just like pussy . he will walk right up to that trap , even though it do not look nothing like a raccoon and stick he goddam head right in it . you know why ? Cause he can not help himself . the scent drive he . so , if you want to catch a raccoon all you gotta do be figure out where he be -- lay down the scent -- and sooner or later he will walk right into the trap . peter what if he do not bite ? what if he 's a exceptionally bright raccoon ? andy well then , you just gotta find out where he be -- and once you be sure where he be -- you shoot the fucker . a beat . they stare at each other . Andy walk to the door and leave . ext . peter' HOTEL room , balcony - night Peter sit outside , think . Jeremy and erica join he . erica hi dad . she hug he . he hug she back . erica he just get lucky tonight , that 's all . you will cream he next time . 64 Peter smile . there be a long pause . Peter look at Jeremy . they stare at each other . peter you have something you want to say ? jeremy just think you might want to talk . peter about what ? jeremy whatever 's on you mind . peter who say something 's on my mind . Jeremy pull out a printout of chess board with piece in different position . he show it to Peter . jeremy what do you see here ? peter ( after a moment ) mate in five . jeremy exactly ... and you do this . Jeremy move a imaginary piece . Peter stare at the paper for a moment . he can not believe he could miss such a obvious move . jeremy be it Kathy ? erica who 's Kathy ? peter no , it 's not Kathy . Jeremy stare at he with a know expression . peter it be not Kathy . erica who 's Kathy ? jeremy Peter , I know you better than you think . 65 fade to black over the black we hear erica who 's Kathy ?? int . apartment - black screen - night flash ! as we see the word be write in blood on a wall , we hear the SOUND of a polaroid camera push out the photo . darkness flash ! we see a new girl lay in she bed , the sheet drape over she body , she face make up . darkness flash ! a close up of the girl 's ghastly face . darkness . close on : glove hand as they pull a photo from the camera . ext . apartment - night all the apartment light be out . we see several flash of light from a upstairs window . ext . institute - morning Kathy walk up a dirt path towards the side of the building . she come to a depression in the earth . she stop , lift she skirt , as she get ready to jump over , when something catch she eye . her Pov : in the soft ground she see a perfect imprint of the killer 's distinctive tennis shoe Kathy stare at it as the think that the killer be nearby become more frightening . she start to back up slowly when ... she bump into Dr. fulton behind she . she scream , then turn around quickly . fulton be startle at she action . kathy Jesus , Alan , you scared the crap outta I . ext . apartment build - morning - wide shot several black and white unit be in front of the building . Frank and Andy be off to the side talk to a attractive girl in she twenty . 66 frank if you can think of anything else give we a call . girl you know , I hate to say I tell you so , but I warn she . come home at all hour of the night . a young girl new to the city . this neighborhood be not what it use to be . a uniformed officer stand by a black and white unit yell over . officer Captain , you get a call ! int . police conference room - morning close on photograph : of the killer be shoe : pull back to see another photograph just like it on the wall . a distraught Kathy sit on a chair , sip a cup of coffee with both hand . Frank and Andy stand up wait for nolan 's appraisal . nolan it 's the same shoe alright . andy be there anyone else on the grounds ? kathy a few people . andy do anyone stand out ? kathy what do you mean , stand out ? andy do anyone look suspicious ? think ! kathy now that you mention it there be somebody who look suspicious . andy ( excited ) what be suspicious about he ? 67 kathy he be hold a sign that say " serial killer " . Frank laugh . Andy do a slow burn , then smile . through the glass window Frank see the girl from the apartment walk down the hall . he think about something for a moment , then spring from he seat . int . hallway - morning Frank step into the hall . Andy follow . frank Excuse I ... you say earlier that Mary Albert just move in . how long ago be that ? girl ten day ago . frank do you know how she find the apartment ? girl through a rental agency . frank ( to Andy ) do not you tell I that Debi rutlege have just move into she place also ? int . franks office - morning Kathy be stand off to the side , listen to Frank and Andy as they both speak on the phone . andy ( into the phone ) uh huh ... thank you very much . he hang up , look at Frank and nods with a grin . frank ( into the phone ) no , I really appreciate it . thanks . ( he hang up ) that 's it ! all the woman move into they home in the last three month and all of they find they through homesearcher ! 68 ext . STREET - morning a unmarked car be park down the street from homesearchers . Frank and Andy get out and walk towards a building with two detective . int . homesearchers - morning a middle aged woman stand behind the counter . she stare at Frank with a bewilder expression . frank who else work here beside you ? woman there 's a girl that help at the counter , part time and that 's it . frank who else have access to this file ? woman no one . int . peter' live room - morning there be a knock on the door . erica open it to find Kathy outside . kathy you must be erica . erica uh huh . kathy I be Kathy . erica grin . kathy be you dad here ? erica he go down to the lobby for a minute . he should be right back . would you like come in ? Kathy enter and sit on the couch . erica sit beside she and stare at she , evaluate she . 69 kathy so , be you have a good time on the Island ? erica not really . it 's pretty boring . kathy that 's only because you do not know where to go . you like hike ? ( erica nod no ) fishing ? ( erica nod no ) sail ? ( erica nod no ) what do you like ? erica boy . Kathy grin and they laugh together . erica do you like my dad ? kathy of course . erica stare at she . kathy ( get it ) oh ... do you mean do I like , like he ? erica wait expectantly . Kathy grin , but do not answer . erica ( confidentially ) I know he really like you . kathy how do you know that ? do he say something ? erica no ... but I can tell . a woman know this thing . Kathy smile . she look up and see Peter stand in the doorway . there be a moment of embarrassment between they . peter honey , why do not you run down to Jeremy 's now . 70 erica okay . ( to Kathy ) Nice meeting you . kathy Nice meeting you . she walk over to Peter and give he a kiss . erica ( whisper ) I like she . she 's nice . erica leave . there be a uncomfortable moment between Peter and Kathy . they look at each other , probing each other eye . there be a knock on the door . Frank and Andy enter , they expression be serious . peter another one ? ( Frank nod ) what word do he leave ? frank " be " . ( to Kathy ) do you tell he about the institute ? int . HOTEL basement - morning Peter be on the phone with the caller . Kathy sit beside he . Frank and Andy be with the technician . caller ( os ) have you any idea what the message be ? peter if it 's so important , why do not you just tell I ? caller ( os ) I could not tell you that . it would ruin the game . not that you be play it very well . peter you like to brag , do not you ? 71 caller ( os ) credit should be give where it 's due . I be not worldly like you , Peter . I be not a internationally know figure . I be just a poor guy who have never be anywhere , but I be beat you . the caller 's statement hit home . slowly a look of determination cover Peter 's face . peter so , why be you look for Doctor sheppard today ? caller ( os ) what ? peter you hear I . why do you go out to the institute look for she ? caller ( os ) what make you think I be there ? peter ( use he word ) I could not tell you that . it would ruin the game . caller ( os ) the game 's almost over , Peter , and you be run out of time . Peter 's face harden , eye intensely stare off in the distance . peter it 's you who 's run out of time . you be start to make mistake now . you be wonder just how much I really know . just how close I be get ? well , I be closer than you think , pal -- and I be gonna nail you ass to the wall ! caller ( os ) very nice speech , Peter . do you rehearse that , or be it impromptu ? ( Peter do not answer ) there 's a old wooden bench in the garden . next to it be a rock . you will find a message for you under it . let 's see if you be as clever as you think you be . 72 the line go dead . Peter hang up , he frustration show . int . police conference room - afternoon Peter sit across the desk from Frank . Kathy stand by the window . the room be crowded with the caller 's clue . the map with color pin in it . the word : remember eventually revenge be ... a copy of the caller 's note write on the blackboard . it read : peter : in a fierce magazine you will find a hint of my action to come : as large as you maybe in the world of pawns and castle you be still light year from reaching I . invisible as the AIR , one hundre men with there desperate pleas to stop , can't move I Peter walk over to the blackboard and study the note . peter ( read ) in a fierce magazine you will find a hint of my action to come ... why do he set this line apart ? kathy for emphasis ? peter exactly . it 's the key . kathy but what do he mean by a fierce magazine ? violent ? peter a fierce magazine ... brutal ... ( think aloud ) a angry magazine ... a war magazine ... a mercenary magazine ... fierce ... ( he get it ) mad . kathy what ? peter where 's the note ? 73 andy you get it on the board . peter no , I need the original note . andy there 's a photostat of the original on the wall . Peter get up and take the note off the wall and study it for a moment , then start to fold it in half . peter my daughter read mad Magazine all the time . if you fold the back cover a certain way , the text read differently . Peter move the crease of the paper in and out until it form the correct margin . the note now read : in a fierce action to come : as large as castle , you be still light as the AIR , one hundre men can't move I . Kathy look at Peter , impressed . peter ( read ) as large as castle . you be still light as air , one hundred man can not move I . frank it do not make sense . kathy it do not make sense because we do not understand it . andy but a hundred man could move he . 74 peter ( lose patience ) he 's not talk about himself . andy then what 's he talk about ? peter ( on edge ) if we know that we would know the answer to the riddle , would not we ? he 's tell we where he 's go to kill tonight and we can not see it . frank maybe we should back up a minute and take a look at what we do have . all the girl that have be kill have be kill at night . they be all the same type . all move into they home within the last three month -- and all of they find they home through homesearcher . kathy I think that homesearcher be a dead end ? frank it can not be a coincidence . the woman that own it have a son . she say he 's be on vacation in Montana for the last ten day . we be try to locate he . there 's also a clean service that come in once a week . we be check that out too . kathy he move around a lot . why ? andy he find he victim through homesearcher . he go where they be . Peter be only half - listen to the conversation . he appear deep in think . kathy but they rent lot of apartment . he could probably find they all in a localize area . why move all over the Island ? Peter slowly come to a realization . his eye open wide as a think crash into he mind . 75 peter Jesus ! it can not be that easy ! Peter walk to the map of the victim location on the wall . he move he finger from point to point , examine each location . Kathy , Frank and Andy watch he . Peter continue to move he finger in various geometric line across the map . andy you want to tell we what the hell you be do ? Peter do not answer . he stare at the map for a few more second , as the excitement of he realization grow . he take a step back and turn to Kathy . peter he tell we and we miss it ! he say he 's never be anywhere . therefore , this Island be the world to he . ( point to the map ) as far as he 's concerned , this be a map of the world . that 's why he quote huxley . " the chessboard be the world . " Peter take a mark -o- lot off Kathy 's desk and draw a large square border on the map , outlining the grids , EIGHT by EIGHT . peter he 's use the map as a chessboard ! the sonofabitch be play chess with I !! frank how can he be play chess with you ? you be not make any move against he . peter maybe I already have . Peter rush towards the door . int . auditorium - afternoon Peter be with Kathy , Frank , Andy and David at the computer station . peter can you get into the federation record ? 76 david sure . we have get a modem line hook up with the data base in New York . peter can we correlate data ? look for specific thing , like player 's age ... stuff like that ? david no problem . ( hit a few button ) we be in . peter okay . run a search to see if there be any player with a rating above two thousand that live on the Island . David enter the command on the keyboard . david nope. nothing . peter set up some piece on the big board ? frank I still do not see how he could be play chess against you . there 's only enough grid on the map to be half a board . peter that 's all he need . he 's make the move . it 's a open . I just can not remember the name . ( look at the board ) okay , it 's a game . he 's start it , so he move first . he 's white . e2 - e4 . the piece on the board move , follow Peter 's instruction . peter d2-d4 ... b1-c3... and c1 - f4 . ( he study the board ) it 's the number two variation of the tarakoss open . ( think for a moment ) David , can you bring up the tournament record for the last ten year . david mister sanderson , they will be hundred of thousand of game . 77 peter we be only interested in people who have play against I . David enter the data . david now what ? peter have computer search for anyone that 's use that open against I . there can not be more than a handful . David enter the information and wait . david there 's three . the first be 1983 . lionel baine . the Boston ... peter never mind . he die two year ago . david 1985 . han korshaud . peter he 's in he seventies and life in Holland . David press a button and look at the next one . he hesitates and look at Peter awkwardly . peter what be it ? david ( a beat ; hesitantly ) New york. 1986 . viktor yurilivich . a quiet rage spread across Peter 's face . peter print out the game . int . peter' live room - afternoon Peter , Kathy , and all stand around a map of the Island . Peter look at a printout . 78 peter he 's replaying the game I play against he move by move , use this girl as the chess piece . ( beat ) all the girl have be find in they home except Christie eastman , who be find in back of a warehouse . why ? kathy ( make the connection ) because to follow the game he play he have to move to that grid ? peter right . ( he search the map and point to a spot ) here ! c- 4. frank it 's a commercial area . no one life there . peter but he have to dump the body there to make the move . kathy now that you know what stage of the game he 's at , can we figure out where he next move be go to be ? Peter walk over to the map and trace he finger over it , then look at the computer printout . peter his last move be c1 - f4 . I would move f8 - g7 . his next move use the tarakoss would be ... e2-e3... that would be ... ( point to a spot ) right here ! there be a moment of silence as Kathy , Frank and Andy both digest what they have hear . kathy each of that grid represent almost a square mile . frank that 's a big area to cover . 79 peter then let 's narrow it down . andy ( knowingly ) homesearcher . int . homesearchers - afternoon Andy stand at the desk with the woman they talk to before . he hold out a thomas guide and place it on the desk next to the computer . woman ( shocked ) you want I to what ? andy I want you to feed every street in this grid into you computer . woman it will take hour . you can not make I do this . andy you be right , I can not make you do it . besides , you be probably gonna be too busy with the franchise tax board anyway . woman what be you talk about ? andy I gotta friend over there . he be tell I thing be kind of slow . so , I figure I would give he a call , have he come down here and look through you record . you know , give he something to do . woman what 's the first street ? the camera pull back through the window until we be ... ext . homesearchers - afternoon Peter , Kathy and Frank stand on the sidewalk . Peter look at the note and fold it to read the message . 80 peter as large as castle , you be still light as the air , one hundred man can not move I . it 's pose as a question . what be I ? frank a building ? peter a building be not as light as air . what 's large , but as light as air and can not be move ? kathy ( correct he ) as large as castle . frank yes . why not just say a building if he mean any general type of structure ? peter he 's not go to give we direct hint . he 's go to skirt around it . frank he use castle ... plural -- then say " can not move I . " singular . not can not move we . Kathy stretch she arm above she head . her shadow fall across the lawn . Peter stare at the ground for a moment . peter a shadow . what 's as big a castle ? as light as air , but one hundred man can not move it ? the shadow of the castle . be there any building that have the name Castle in it that cast a shadow long enough to fall across another building ? frank wait a minute . there 's a apartment in that area call the Castle arm . peter that 's get to be it . Peter rush inside homesearcher . 81 int . police conference room - evening Frank stand Andy and six detective . one of they be a woman name janet mclellan . frank okay . homesearcher give we the name Laura owen . she just move into a apartment across the street from the Castle arm one week ago . we have move she to she parent house in Seattle and s.p.d. be go to keep a watch on she tonight . ( point ) Officer mclellan will spend the night at she apartment . ( beat ) Andy , you be go to go to the hotel and pick up yurilivich at the tournament . stay with he until it end , then follow he wherever he go . if thing work out right we will wrap this up tonight . int . auditorium - night Peter walk out on stage to join yurilivich who be already seat . Peter stare at he . int . LAURA owen bedroom - night Frank be stand over a bed . Officer mclellan be under the cover . frank you all set ? mclellan pull down the blanket to reveal she .38 and nod . int . LAURA owen kitchen - night Frank join a detective and begin to wait in the darkness . int . auditorium - night the game continue . Peter make a move . Andy watch the game from the back of the room . 82 ext . STREET - night a outline of someone walk down the street , then stop for a moment . under 's STREET lamp we see that it 's a woman in she fifty walk she dog . int . auditorium - night yurilivich make a move , then hit he timer . Peter study the board . he look up at yurilivich . both of they stare at each other intensely . Peter look back at the board and make a move . on the big board a piece move , then stop halfway between a square . a moment later the entire board break up into a unreadable mass of line . there 's a groan from the crowd . the President walk over to David and confer with he quickly , then go to the player . president the board 's go to take several hour to repair . I think we should adjourn until tomorrow . ext . side of apartment build - night the Pov of someone walk slowly along the side of the building . int . apartment , bedroom - night Officer mclellan stir in bed , the tension of wait beginning to take affect on she . ext . side of build - night the Pov of someone look through a bedroom window and look inside . we can see the outline of a woman in bed . slowly the window be open by two glove hand . int . apartment , bedroom - night the Pov climb through the window and study the woman in bed for a moment . she be on she side , she back to he . sense something the woman turn over . the woman be not officer mclellan ! her eye widen with terror ... then flash ! bright light fill the screen . int . LAURA owen kitchen - later - night Frank look impatient . he check he watch . 83 frank I be get a bad feel about this . if yurilivich be make a move we would have hear something from Andy by now . detective you think we be in the wrong place ? frank this have to be the right place . it all fit . this be the only building that have the word castle in it . detective no. there 's the Castle court Apartments over on pine Road . frank but that 's all the way across town . it 's in another grid . Frank think for a moment , then check he watch again . frank you hold thing down here . I be go to take a run over there . ext . castle court apartment - night a bracket - shape , one story building in a less expensive part of town . Frank drive up in he car and get out . he start to walk towards the building . franks Pov : from a window in the back we see a series of flash . Frank grab he radio microphone . frank this be sedman . it 's go down in the back apartment of the Castle court . he run towards the building . int . castle court , apartment - night the front door crash open as Frank break it down . he enter the room , he .38 readied . we move with he as he work he way towards the hall . 84 int . apartment hall - night Frank slowly move towards the bedroom . he stop at the door , take a deep breath , then lunge in . int . bedroom - night Frank enter . the room be light by moonlight . the rear window be open . on the bed be the woman we see earlier . she be naked . her arm tie to the bed frame . there be two deep gashes in she wrist . blood flow from she wrist into large plastic bag . her mouth be tape . still conscious she struggle , she eye open wide in a horror-filled stare . on the wall behind she , write in blood be carefully . Frank run to the window . the b.g. we hear the SOUND of footstep run away . Frank turn back towards the woman and quickly move to the bed . ext . castle court apartment - night black and white unit be park in front , they light flash . Frank look drain as he watch a ambulance pull away . he walk over to Andy who be at a police car on the radio . andy how be she ? frank she 's unconscious , but they think she 's go to make it . andy you alright ? frank I have see a lot of thing in my time on the job , but nothing like this . yurilivich ? andy I be with he the whole time until I get the call at the hotel . frank sanderson ? 85 andy I speak to Jeremy . he 's watch sanderson 's kid . sanderson go out after the match and have not come back since . frank find he ! I want to talk to he . ext . puget SOUND - night Peter sit on the beach . he stare out over the water with a pain expression . he reach into he pocket and remove the envelope we see earlier and stare at it . int . kathy' house - night we hear the doorbell . Kathy glance at she watch as she walk across the live room to the front door . she look through the view -hole , then open the door to reveal a tired - look Peter on the doorstep . kathy hi. peter can I come in ? Kathy think about it for a moment , then open the door wider , signal for he to come in . Kathy sit down on the arm -rest of a chair , Peter stand . a beat . peter the other night -- I say some thing that maybe I should not have . I mean , you have not know I very long and I can see how you think what you do . kathy I be not look for a apology , Peter . peter I be think that ... maybe when this be all over we could ... kathy I want someone I can get close to . I do not know if that 's possible with you . peter you really have not see my best side . 86 kathy Peter ... peter no , listen . you have no idea of the kind of pressure I be under right now . kathy that 's still no excuse . you treat everything like a game . peter I can not think any more , unless it 's about you . I will be in the middle of a match and instead of think about my next move , I think about how you look when you smile . ( beat ) remember how you say that I hide behind my chessboard ? ever since my wife die I have be ... ( this be not easy ) I have be afraid of get too close to someone again -- afraid of lose they . kathy you be wife die . you can not feel responsible for that . peter you do not understand . kathy then help I to understand . I want to understand . peter it 's not that easy . kathy of course it be not . it 's always difficult when someone you love die . but you can not feel responsible because she have a car accident . peter but I do . kathy why ? peter because she kill herself !! 87 ( softer ) she kill herself . ( beat ) she drive she car over that cliff ! ( beat ) oh , the police say it be a accident -- but I know . I have always know . I close myself off to she and after I find the letter I close myself off to everything else . beating yurilivich and play for the title be all I could think about -- but I snap . I have a breakdown in the middle of the match . I do not remember too much about it . he remove the envelope from he pocket . peter this letter . I have never open it . kathy why not ? peter because I know what it say . kathy maybe you be afraid of what it say . a beat . Peter walk to the couch and sit down . he stare at the envelope , then start to open it . he stop and look up at Kathy who nod she head . Kathy start to leave peter will you stay with I ? Kathy sit beside he . he open the envelope and start to read . woman' voice Peter . there be many pain we feel in this world -- but loving someone who have shut you out of he life have to be the most unbearable of they all . I know when we marry that you be a man consume with ambition , but somewhere along the way , you chessboard become you wife , and I become you mistress . 88 ( beat ) I know now that you can not change , can not give I the thing I need . you may think that I be a coward for what I be about to do , but it be my choice . my release . I only ask that you shield erica from the truth , and that you forgive I for be so weak . Jennifer . his eye fill with tear . the guilt he have carry for so long be release . Kathy put she arm around he . he turn to she and rest he head on she shoulder . insert television reporter stand outside the police station . we see Kathy walk down the step . pull back to reveal we be in ... int . peter' live room - morning Jeremy be watch the tv . he do not notice the door open behind and Peter enter . reporter Doctor sheppard , what go on in the mind of someone like this ? kathy that 's a very difficult question to answer . reporter be there a usual scenario ? kathy well -- yes ... usually we find they have have a traumatic childhood . he be probably abuse by a dominant female figure . that , couple with the fact that this girl have not be rape lead I to believe that he be either impudent or a latent homosexual . regardless , he 's act out some type of revenge fantasy that fulfill some sick sexual need . Jeremy notice Peter . he turn off the tv . peter hi. where 's , erica ? 89 jeremy she go into town with Mrs. lutz . do they get he ? peter no . jeremy feel like practice ? peter yeah . just let I grab a shower . int . basement - morning Peter enter the room to find Frank and Andy stare at he angrily . frank where be you last night ? peter be we go to go through this again ? frank answer the question . peter I go out . andy do not fuck with we ! where do you go ! kathy ( os ) he be with I ? Kathy be stand in the doorway . Frank and Andy look at she as she enter . frank what time do he get there ? kathy about a quarter to one . andy we be interested in where you be from the time you leave the auditorium until you get there . peter I be at the beach . 90 andy you sure you be not over on pine Road ? peter I be positive . andy you be a lie bastard ! peter fuck you ! I be tired of you goddam accusation ! if you want to arrest I go ahead ! otherwise back off . andy it 's all a big game be not it ? a sick , fuckin ' game . I do not know if there 's two of you involved , or what -- but we be go to find out . last night you give we just enough to send we to the wrong place . it must have shocked the hell out to you when Frank walk in on pine Road and you could not finish . Peter start to walk away . peter I be not go to listen to this . Andy grab he forcefully . andy yes you be . peter ( push he ) get off I ! Andy explode . he push Peter backward into a glass FIRE extinguisher case . it break as Peter 's hand smashes through the glass . Peter raise he hand . blood pour out from a cut on he wrist . anger flood across he face . he raise he hand to hit Andy . Andy quickly pull out he gun and point it at Peter 's head . andy go ahead . do it . a beat . Peter stare at he . slowly a craze grin spread across he face . he move closer , press he forehead against the barrel of the gun , he eye lock on Andy 's . 91 peter you want to shoot I ? go ahead . shoot I ! Peter and Andy lock eye . everyone in the room be stunne by Peter 's action . the tension be break as the phone ring . Peter and Andy continue to stare at each other . slowly , Andy back off . Peter do not move . the phone continue to ring . frank you go to answer that ? a beat . the phone continue to ring . Peter stare at Andy . kathy peter. please . Peter walk to the phone and answer it . Kathy wrap a towel around he hand to stop the bleed . peter hello . caller ( os ) last night be very exciting , be not it ? have you figure out what I be do ? peter you be play the tarakoss open . caller ( os ) very good . peter you be next move should have be e2 - e3 . caller ( os ) I use a variation . you should have anticipate that . have you figure out the message ? peter what word do you leave last night ? caller ( os ) the police have not tell you ? peter they think that you and I be do this together . 92 caller ( os ) ( a pause ) interesting concept . I have not think of that . if you think about how Anton berger play chess you might get it . peter I be beginning to think it do not mean anything . remember eventually revenge - - caller ( os ) -- you be hopeless ! you can not even read a sentence ! do not they teach you punctuation in school ? the game end tonight ! the line go dead . int . police conference room - afternoon Kathy sit with Frank at the table . Andy pace . Frank and Kathy look at the photograph of message - word on the wall . kathy remember eventually revenge be carefully ... have you tired juxtapose the word ? andy oh , c'mon . we be not go to spend any more time on this crap , be we ? it do not mean anything . it 's sanderson ! kathy it be not he . Frank , you bring I in on this in the beginning because you want my opinion if he be capable of do this . andy Jesus , you be sleep with the guy . you have lose you perspective . you can not possibly be unbiase . frank he 's right , Kathy . kathy what be you say ? that I be see what I want to see ? that I be protect a murderer ? what ? 93 frank we can not rely on you judgement anymore . kathy what do that mean ? andy it mean you be off the case . Kathy look at Frank . frank I be afraid I have no choice . I can not run the risk of compromise what little we do know and the future action of this department by share knowledge with someone who be emotionally involved with the prime suspect . Kathy stand up and stare at Frank angrily . kathy ( point to Andy ) and what if he 's wrong . if you be one hundred percent sure it be Peter you would have arrest he . if it be someone else then he 's go to kill again tonight and you be sit here ignore the message . frank we be go to work on the message . kathy ( angry ) this stink ! you want to know what I think ? I think there have be five murder and you have get shit to go on . you need to blame someone and he 's the easiest choice . frank the most logical choice . kathy you do not have a shred of evidence ! andy we will find the evidence . kathy you could not find you dick in a wind storm ! 94 Kathy storm out of the room . int . jeremy' bedroom - afternoon Peter enter . peter Jeremy ? int . HOTEL lobby - afternoon Peter walk through the room . he bump into lutz . peter have you see Jeremy today ? lutz no . peter if you do will you tell he I be look for he ? int . kathy' house - evening Peter be sit on the couch write on a piece of paper . Kathy walk over hold two cup of coffee . peter if we could just figure out what the next word be go to be . he say the game 's go to end tonight so there 's only go to be one more word . kathy it could be anything . peter it 's get to be grammatically correct . Peter get up and start pace . peter remember eventually revenge be carefully ... carefully what ? Kathy look at Peter with a stunne expression . peter what ? 95 kathy how do you know it be " carefully " ? peter Frank tell I . kathy no he do not . a beat . Peter stare at she for a moment . peter you be right . the killer tell I . kathy he do not tell you either . a beat . they eye lock . peter yes , he do . he say , " think about how Anton berger play chess " . Anton berger write one of the most famous book on chess call " principal and tactic " . every beginning player read it . the first chapter be he three rule to good play : carefully . carefully . carefully . Peter look at she , study she for a reaction . peter this be not go to be like the phone book , be it ? kathy ( weakly ) of course not . a beat . Kathy check she watch . kathy you be go to be late for you match . peter be you go to come tonight ? kathy yeah . I will be there later . Peter walk over to she and kiss she good - bye . Kathy force a smile . Peter walk to the door , open it , then look back at she , then leavess . Kathy stare at the door , she mind racing . she start to pace as she think , then walk to she phone book and look up a number . she dial and wait as it ring . 96 woman' voice bainbridge book . kathy hi , Sara . this be Doctor sheppard . I be wonder if you could tell I if you have a book on chess call " principal and tactic " by Anton berger . woman' voice I can check and call you back . kathy thank you . I be at 639-7393 . woman' voice we will call you back . Kathy hang up . there be a knock on the door . she walk towards it . kathy yes ? man' voice ( os ) it 's I . I forget something . Kathy hesitates a moment , then open the door . terror fill she face . her Pov : a man wear a black rain coat stand outside . his face be cover by a porcelain mask . flash ! a bright light go off . Kathy be blind . the man lunge inside , push Kathy to the floor . he enter and slam the door shut . Kathy get up and start to run towards the back of the house . the man tackle she to the ground . Kathy kick she way free . she crawl backwards , push herself back with she leg . the man crawl after she grop for she leg with he glove hand . he grab she ankle , then sit on top of she , pin she to the ground . he speak in a whisper . man you should not have say that thing about I today . you have no idea what I be . he raise a stiletto . click ! the blade just out . he hold it before she eye . kathy' Pov : there be a deep CUT on he wrist . 97 kathy Peter ... man Peter , be not here anymore . the phone ring . the man snap he head towards the sound . Kathy quickly push he backwards and roll over . the man fall backwards . Kathy get up and run to the front door , scream . ext . kathy' house - evening Kathy run out into the street , scream for help . she run across the street and bang on the front door . ext . kathy' house - later - night it have begin to rain lightly as Kathy sit in the passenger seat of a patrol car . Frank and Andy be with she . frank do you see he face ? kathy no . he be wear a mask ... but I see the cut on he wrist . it be Peter . frank I can not arrest someone for have a cut on they wrist . do you have someone you can stay with tonight ? kathy I have get a room at the institute I use when I stay late . frank okay . why do not you go out there . we will check in with you later . int . auditorium - night Peter walk out on stage and sit across from yurilivich . he sit down and make a move , then look out into the audience . peter' Pov : the place where Jeremy usually sit be empty . 98 int . police car - night Andy drive . Frank sit in the passenger seat . a voice crackle over the radio . man' voice ( os ) King base one . this be King fifteen . frank this be sedman . man' voice ( os ) Captain , this be harton . I be out at hollow bluff . I think you should get out here . frank it better be important . ext . hollow bluff - night a patrol car be park at the base of a cliff . officer harton be stand by it on the radio . in the light from the head light we can see the body of jeremy lay on the rock , he wheelchair in the b.g . officer harton it be , sir . ext . hollow bluff - later - night Frank and Andy study Jeremy 's batter body . Frank look through Jeremy 's jacket and remove a note . he read it , then look up at Andy . frank ( read ) " Peter , I be sorry but I just can not do it anymore " . they stare at each other . officer harton walk over hold something . officer harton I find this over by the wheelchair . Frank take it and look at it . andy what be it ? frank it 's a voice modulator . 99 andy he be never there when the call come in . he be cover for sanderson the whole time . int . police car - night Frank and Andy drive back towards town . Frank be on the radio . frank I want you to find judge meyerson and have a search warrant for Peter sanderson by the time I get back to town . int . doctor fultone office - night Doctor fulton be at he desk work on a computer . Kathy enter . she look tired . doctor fulton what be you do here ? Kathy do not answer . she walk wearily into the room . doctor fulton Kathy , what be it ? she be on the verge of tear . kathy I have be such a idiot ! Doctor fulton walk over to she . tear flow down she cheek . he hug she and she fall into he arm weep . ext . peter' HOTEL room - night Frank and Andy walk towards the door with a HOTEL employee . Frank knock , wait a moment , then motion for the employee to open the door . int . auditorium - night Peter and yurilivich continue they match . Peter look confidant . 100 int . peter' live room - night Frank look through the desk . we hear Andy call from another room . andy ( os ) Frank , c'mere . int . peter' bedroom - night Frank enter and join Andy at the nightstand . Andy point to a drawer that he 's pull out . andy take a look under here . Frank look under the drawer , then at Andy . he remove several polaroid photograph tape to the bottom . he look through they . close on photograph : each one show a different girl , she face fill with terror . int . auditorium - night the match continue . Peter make another move . yurilivich look nervous as he study he position . in the back of the room the door crash open as Frank and Andy barge into the room . Peter watch they from the stage as they approach . they walk up the step and stop before he . andy Peter sanderson . you be under arrest . Peter bolt up from he seat . peter this be ... before he can finish Andy grab he and slam he down onto the chessboard . he remove he handcuff . andy ( cuffing he ) you have the right to remain silent . if you give up that right anything you say can and will be use against you in a court of law ... ( co not ) Andy snap the cuff on tightly and jerk Peter upright , then push he off the stage . Andy continue read Peter he rights as he push he down the aisle towards the door . 101 int . doctor fultone office - night Kathy sit by the window . lightning light up the night sky . she sip a cup of coffee . Doctor fulton stand behind she . doctor fulton feeling better ? kathy I just can not believe it . doctor fulton you do not want to believe it . it 's a normal reaction . kathy how come the police never have a record of sanderson before . this do not come out of nowhere , there have to be a history . int . police conference room - night Peter be sit on a chair , he hand cuffed . he look stunne . Frank and Andy sit before he . peter Jeremy would have never kill himself . frank maybe he just get tired of cover for you . peter this be insane ! can not you see what 's go on . the killer want I out of the way . he 's set I up . andy you set yourself up tonight when you attack Kathy , you crazy fuck ! peter what ? frank she see the cut on you wrist , Peter . int . police station , front desk - night the phone ring . Officer harton answer it . 102 officer harton bainbridge Police Department . man' voice this be Richard farrington . I have be retain by the chess federation as council for Peter sanderson . int . doctor fultone office - night Kathy sit at Doctor fulton 's desk , stare at the phone . a beat . she pick up the receiver and dial . woman' voice bainbridge book . kathy Sara , this be Doctor sheppard . I call you earlier about a book . woman' voice yes , Doctor sheppard . we call you back but you be not home . we have the book . kathy could you please do I a big favor ? in the first chapter the author mention he three rule of chess . could you look and tell I what they be ? woman' voice of course . ( a long pause ) yes , here it be . ( a little laugh ) why , they be all the same ? kathy what be they , please ? woman' voice " carefully " . " carefully " . " carefully " . int . police conference room - night Frank be at the door with Officer harton . Andy glare at Peter hostilely . Frank put a piece of paper on the table . 103 frank the chess federation get you a attorney . here 's he number . you have get three minute . Frank , Andy and harton leave . Peter look at the paper and dial the number on the phone . it ring . man' voice ( os ) hello ? peter this be Peter sanderson call for Richard farrington . we hear the caller be distort voice . caller ( os ) hello , Peter . peter you sonofabitch ! caller ( os ) emotional ? I expect more from you . peter if you kill tonight and I be in jail the police will know I be innocent . caller ( os ) by that time the game will be over . peter I have figure out the message . caller ( os ) no you have not . and even if you have it do not matter . who would you tell ? the police do not believe you , and you have just use you only phone call . we hear the caller laugh , then the line go dead . Peter turn he attention to the word . he spring from he seat . peter alright , Peter , think . the game end tonight . he will leave one more word . remember eventually revenge be carefully ... carefully what ? plann ? arrange ? contrive ? 104 int . police station , front desk - night Frank stand with Andy . Andy check he watch . andy ready for round two ? frank I have get a feel we be go to go the distance with he . let he sweat for a little while . int . doctor fultone office - night Kathy pace the room . Doctor fulton be at he desk work on the computer . doctor fulton Kathy , please . you be go to wear a hole in the carpet . kathy I be just nervous . sorry . doctor fulton you be safe . he would not come here . kathy he already do once . Kathy think about something for a moment . kathy why do he ? doctor fulton why do he what ? kathy come here . doctor fulton he be watch you . kathy yeah -- that 's what we have always think -- but what if he be not ? what if I have nothing to do with the reason he come here ? doctor fulton you be lose I . 105 kathy what if he come here because he 's a patient . a out - patient ? int . police conference room - night Peter pace the room , he mind racing . remember eventually ... remember eventually ... grammar ... Peter walk to the photograph of the word remember . he point to a smudge after the word . peter period ! that 's what he mean about punctuation . remember . remember what ? int . doctor fulton be - night Kathy be at a computer . Doctor fulton work at he desk . file from the computer monitor scroll past , reflect off Kathy 's glass . int . police conference room - night Peter write on the blackboard . he be write : eventually revenge ... he stop . peter okay . remember be a separate sentence . they key be in the long sentence everything with he have be word game . he erase what he write and start to write again . eventually revenge be carefully planned he stand back and study it . his eye dart across the message like a chessboard , calculate , evaluate . 106 int . police station , front desk - night Frank tap Andy on the shoulder and they start back down the hall . int . police conference room - night Peter erase the word " planned " and add " arranged " at the bottom . he study it for a moment , then close he eye . he turn around and take a few step , then stop dead in he track . his eye open wide as a think crash into he mind . he turn around and stare at the board confirm what he already know . peter oh my God ! Frank and Andy walk into the room . Peter be on the verge of be hysterical . peter the message ! I figure out -- andy sit down ! Andy move towards Peter and grab he . Peter plow into he , slamm he full body weight he . peter he 's go to kill my daughter !! Peter get the blackboard and erase all of the letter but the first one of each word . it now spell : E R I C a Frank and Andy look at each other . int . peter' live room - night a full - blow storm be raging outside as erica enter the room . she turn on the light and walk towards the back . erica dad ? 107 int . police conference room - night Frank stand before Peter . he be frantic . peter do not you understand what I be tell you ? that 's why he want I out of the way . frank I understand that this be just another one of you game . peter look , I will do anything you want ! I will sign anything you want ! just send a car out to the hotel . int . erica's bedroom - night erica sit on she bed . behind she the drape to she window be OPEN . outside lightning flash silhouetting a man stand on the balcony in the rain . erica sense something and turn around . a moment later there be another flash of lightning , but the man be no longer there . int . police conference room - night Peter slam he hand down on the table . peter alright ! I confess ! I kill they !! I kill they all ! now , will you please send a car to the hotel ? int . doctor fultone office - night Kathy continue search through the file . she bring up another one and stare at it . confusion fill she face . kathy oh no . she raise she finger to the screen , trace the word as she read they . 108 int . police conference room - night Frank watch Peter as he sign a confession . Frank grab he arm . frank alright , c'mon Peter . we be move you to a cell . peter I sign the confession . what about the car ? int . police station , front desk - night Frank lead Peter into the room . Officer harton be behind the desk . frank where the hell be Andy ? officer harton he take off about ten minute ago . peter ( to harton ) do you send the car ? frank it 's over , Peter . let 's stop the game . I be not send a car . something in Peter snap . rage fill he as he crash he body into Frank 's , then quickly strip Frank 's pistol out of he belt . he hold it out in he handcuff hand , point at harton before he can even get up from he seat . peter get up ! Real slow and put you hand on the desk . harton do what he 's tell . peter ( to Frank ) Drop the key to the cuff on the ground and kick they over to I . Frank drop the key and kick they over . Peter bend down , he eye on Frank and harton . slowly he remove the cuff . peter alright ! let 's move down the hall . 109 we move down the hall with they . Peter motion for they to go inside the Conference room . they do . Peter close the door and lock it from the outside . as Peter run out of the station the phone start to ring . int . doctor fultone office - night she be at she desk , on the phone , listen as it ring . ext . police station - night Peter run out and get into Frank 's car . he drive . int . peter' live room - night the camera move in towards a window on the other side of the darkened room . suddenly , a glove hand smashes through the glass and reach inside . at the same time a clap of thunder boom overhead , cover most of the noise . int . erica's bedroom - night erica be watch tv . she get up , think she have hear something . int . HOTEL room , hallway - night erica enter the dark room and cautiously walk over to the light switch locate next to a door that lead to the live room . she be just about to turn the switch when ... there be a long flash of lightning . suddenly , she expression turn to one of horror as she see something in the next room . erica's Pov : on the other side of the live room be a large mirror . the lightning light the room well enough for she to see a man' silhouette in the mirror . he be stand on the other side of the doorway , he back press up against the wall , wait for she to enter the room . insert light switch : erica slowly start to move she hand away from the switch when a hand grab she firmly by the wrist . on erica : she be startle , but quickly relax as she look up at someone . erica Boy ! you scared I . there be a knock at the door . 110 ext . HOTEL , parking lot - night Peter pull he car in and skid to stop . as he get out he see Andy 's car park close by . he run towards the building . int . HOTEL hallway - night Peter rush frantically towards room . int . peter' HOTEL suite - night Peter rush inside and run across the room . peter erica ! erica ! int . HOTEL room , hallway - night Peter run towards erica 's room . a note be tape to she door . it read : check ! ext . HOTEL - night - wide shot lightn light up the sky . before the thunder come we hear Peter 's frantic cry . peter ( vo ) no !!! ext . road - night we see Kathy through the windshield as she drive through the storm . int . peter' live room - night Peter sit by the phone in the dark . he stare at the phone almost willing it to ring . in a flash of lightning he see a pool of blood flow out under the closet door . slowly Peter walk towards the door , he reach to open it , then hesitates , afraid of what might be behind the door . he take a deep breath , then open it quickly . peter' Pov : a flash of lightning highlight Andy 's lifeless body as it fall out of the closet . Peter be startle as he back away from the body . 111 int . police station , front desk - night two uniformed officer enter and notice that no one be at the desk . in the b.g. they hear someone pounding on a door . ext . police station - night the rain fall in sheet . Frank run out and get into a patrol car and drive off . int . peter' live room - night the phone ring . Peter run to the cordless phone and lift it up . peter yes ? caller ( os ) congratulation on you dare escape . you just miss I by a few second . ( beat ) it 's check , Peter . peter let I speak to my daughter . caller ( os ) she 's in the other room . I just want you to know she be not dead ... yet . but it 's time for she to die now . peter please ... wait . caller ( os ) the game 's over . you lose . peter it 's I you want . not she . caller ( os ) no . as usual you be wrong . it be she I want . killing you would be easy . live with the consequence of lose will be much more of a defeat . Peter hear a faint rattling SOUND in the background . 112 peter that would not be very sport . remember huxley ? " his play be always fair and just . " caller ( os ) you be grop . I have be fair . it 's my move now . peter I will give you anything you want . anything ! please ! caller ( os ) do not beg , Peter . she have to die . I can not win unless she die . Peter hear the SOUND again . caller ( os ) I be think about leave the phone line open so you could hear she die -- but I have decide it 's better if you do not know exactly when I kill she . good- bye Peter . peter no! wait !! the line go dead . Peter 's mind race . peter a few second ! where could he have go in a few second ? think ! think , goddamit ! he look towards the window . peter' Pov : of the wind blow through the tree outside . Peter 's face flood with realization . peter steam pipe ! Peter dial a three digit number on the phone . int . HOTEL basement - night the man wear a black rain - coat walk across the room towards a alcove . the door to the alcove be OPEN and we see erica who be tie to a chair and gag . water flood in through crack in the foundation flooding the room . 113 the phone ring . he stop , startle by the sound , he head snap towards the phone . the man be stunne . his mind race . he think for a moment . he walk back to the phone and slowly lift the receiver . peter ( os ) I know where you be . caller very good . how do you know ? peter ( vo ) the pipe . the man look at the pipe . they rattle . the realization of he mistake dawns on he . caller excellent . it do not matter . you still lose . she will still be dead before you can get down here . the man slam down the receiver . click ! the blade snap out of the stiletto . he walk quickly back towards the alcove , the knife clutch tightly in he hand . he stop for a moment at the door , as he prepare for the act ahead . erica stare at he as he approach with wide - eye terror ! the man move towards she then stop , sense something be wrong . the door slowly close revealing Peter stand behind it , Frank 's gun aim at he in one hand , the cordless phone in the other . peter ( dryly ) checkmate ! Peter turn on the light . the man turn around . it be David , the computer technician . he slowly bring the knife to he side , hide it behind he leg . caller how would you know I would not be in the same room with she ? peter you tell I . when you call you say she be in the other room . Drop the knife . the caller shrug he shoulder , then drop it . they stare at each other . David take a little step closer . 114 peter Computers . that 's how you get into homesearcher record . you can get into anything . but why ? why ? david you still have not figure it out , have you ? you think that I have put you through a ordeal . my scar run so much deeper than yours . peter what scar ? david ( move closer ) the scar on you chest . from where I stab you with my fountain pen . shock pour over Peter 's face as he mind drift back to a tournament twenty year ago . peter we be only child . David lunge at Peter . Peter raise the gun . too late ! David be too close . he push Peter 's hand away . they struggle over the gun . int . peter' HOTEL room - night Kathy enter and start to move down the hall . kathy erica ! ext . HOTEL ground - night Kathy run outside . int . HOTEL basement - night the struggle continue . David butt he head into Peter 's nose , then slam he into the wall again . the gun fire into the air . at the same moment a clap of thunder boom overhead . ext . HOTEL ground - night Kathy do not hear the shot . in the b.g. we see Frank run towards she . 115 int . HOTEL basement - night David repeatedly smashes Peter 's hand into the wall . the gun fire into the AIR several time . a bullet hit a over head pipe . steam flood the room . ext . HOTEL ground - night Frank hear the shot and run towards the SOUND . int . HOTEL basement - night David smashes Peter 's hand into the wall until the gun fall to the ground , disappear under the water . he grab Peter , lift he into the air , display brute strength , he rage be unleash . he slam Peter 's back into the wall , knock the wind out of he . int . HOTEL utility corridor - night Frank race through the hallway . int . HOTEL basement - night the fight continue . steam swirl through the room . David slam he elbow into Peter 's face . blood pour out of Peter 's nose . David raise he knee , kick Peter in the stomach . Peter double over . David pick up a lamp off the desk and smashes it over Peter 's head . Peter drop to the ground . David pick up he knife and walk over to Peter , then lift he head out of the water . david they take everything from I -- because of you -- and now I be go to take everything from you . David open the door to the alcove , then walk back to Peter . he bend down and press the blade to Peter 's neck . for a moment we sense he be go to kill Peter , then , he grab he by the hair , lift he head up so he can see . peter be Pov : erica be sit in the alcove , tie to the chair . Peter be only semi-conscious . David start to leave . David be just about at the alcove door when Frank enter the room , he weapon draw . then look at Peter , then David . 116 david ( move towards Frank ) thank God you be here . I hear erica scream and come in to see what be go on . mister sanderson be go to stab she . ( hold up the knife ) with this . Frank look at the knife . franks Pov : there be a deep CUT on David 's wrist , exactly like Peter 's . Frank 's face register the cut . David note it . before Frank can even look at he , David thrust the blade into he stomach . the force drive Frank back against the wall . his gun drop from he hand as Frank slide to the floor . Peter try to grab David 's leg as he head towards the alcove . Frank pull up he pant leg revealing he backup gun . he try to reach for it . int . HOTEL basement , alcove - night David enter the room . through the steam he see Kathy try to untie erica . David stare at they , he lip spread into maniacal grin . the overhead light flash on and off intermittently . kathy this be not go to help , David . you be mother 's dead . you can not undo it . david you do not understand . kathy yes , I do . I find you file . I know what happen . david they take away the game because of he . my father leave and my mother ... there be so much blood ... it cover everything . kathy I know , but this be not go to bring she back . 117 david do not you see ? I have to make it right . I ignore my mother 's crossing . I sit with they all . I hold they hand . I stroke they hair . I be with they to the end . I take away the blood . I wash they . they crossing be peaceful . kathy I think you mother know that now . why do not you put the knife down . put it down , David . for a moment it appear he be think about it . he lower the blade , but he need to kill be to strong . he raise it again . david she have to die ! his face tense . he lunge towards erica . bang ! a shot tear through he chest . the impact blow he off he foot . he fall back into the murky water and disappear . Peter stand in the doorway , strain to stay conscious , Frank 's gun aim at David . Kathy quickly finish untying erica . they run to the corner of the room . Kathy hold she close . Peter slowly stagger forward . he probe the water with he foot , check for David 's body . the murky water , the steam and the blinking light do not make it easy . Peter lean over , point the gun at the ground . peter' Pov : the murky water . suddenly , a hand streak out of the water . the hand grab Peter around the neck . David stand up quickly . they struggle over the gun . they both fall backwards into the water . Peter surface and crawl backwards . David stand up . they lock eye . Peter stare back with a deadly calmness . peter the game 's over , asshole ! David start to lunge for he . Peter empty the gun into he . his body jerk backwards violently , smash into the wall , then he slide down and die , slowly disappear under the surface of the water . 118 ext . HOTEL ground - later - night black and white unit fill the area , they red light flashing . uniformed officer hold back the crowd of on-looker . Peter sit off to the side . he look wear to the point of exhaustion . a paramedic attend to the wound on he face . erica sit beside he , cling to he arm . two men carry a stretcher , the body on it be cover . Peter stare at it blankly as it pass . Kathy be stand at the rear of a ambulance . the door close and it drive off . she walk over to Peter and erica . kathy Frank 's go to be alright . they do not think any major artery be severe . the information do not seem to register with Peter . he continue to stare ahead blankly . kathy Peter , you beat he . he slowly look over at she , but say nothing . kathy you beat he . peter I get lucky . kathy there 's a girl in the hospital who be go to live because of you . you make a difference . Peter just continue to stare at she . kathy Peter , I be sorry I doubted you , but -- Peter reach forward and place he finger on she lip . peter it 's over now . kathy I just want you to know in case you think about it in the future . peter do we have a future ? 119 a beat . Kathy lean in a kiss he . erica smile . int . auditorium - day yurilivich be at he seat . the seat across the board from he be vacant . the audience wait , silently . the president : check he watch , then get up to address the crowd . we hear the SOUND of door open . chessboard clock : it tick methodically . close on yurilivich's hand : he finger tap on the table . kathy and erica : in the audience . Kathy check she watch . she be anxious . Peter enter and limp towards the stage . slowly he climb the step , then sit down across from yurilivich . he look out into the audience . Kathy smile . erica nod to he . close on peter : he look at the board and make a move , then hit he timer . slowly he look up at yurilivich . a huge smile cover he face . freeze frame fade to black