knive out a murder mystery by rian Johnson — — screen script ext . thrombey estate manor house - dawn the grounds of a New England manor . pre-dawn misty . int . manor - pantry / live room / foyer / hallway - dawn inside the manor unlit and still . gothic with a theme of antique game , arcane puzzle and decorative weapon . first floor : a draw room , live room , kitchen . the detritus of a party . stray champagne flute . int . thrombey estate - 2 nd floor - dawn follow one housekeeper name fran carry a tray of coffee up a flight of stair . second floor : a hallway , door all close . the house have not wake up , and Fran step lightly . up a much narrower creaky flight of steep stair . int . thrombey estate - 3rd floor master bedroom - dawn third floor : the master bedroom suite . fran Morning Mr thrombey but the bed be empty , unslept in . a robe throw across it . Fran head out onto the landing and up a even narrower half flight of stair , which lead to a single door . fran ( cont would ) Mr thrombey you up there ? Mr thrombey I be come in int . harlan thrombey' study - dawn a cramped attic study , every shelf cramme with curio . the door swing open and Fran see : harlan thrombey himself . 85 year old . slung across a white leather day bed . Throat slit . drenched in blood . very much dead . Fran 's tray slip out of she hand for a second . fran shit . CUT to : title card , on black . then to : int . marta' bedroom - morning marta cabrera wake with a cry . plain , modern , cramped . marta , in she late twenty , take a moment to catch she breath . open a window . ext . south boston housing project - morning a tiny window in a cheap apartment building open , marta 's face appear breathe deep . super : " one week - after harlan thrombey 's demise " int . cabrera kitchen - morning marta sit in front of a laptop . her mom be at the table with she , she sister alice watch CSI on a iPad on the counter top . murder related dialog from the show . marta scroll through a job site , tired , eye dead . her mom watch , concerned . mom Alice , turn that off now . alice mom why it 's almost over , what - now please just turn it off . they be find out who do it and the wifi suck in my room so it do not play it 's like two minute leave what there be not even anything turn it off . now . Alice . off . bad on it , it 's just normal tv and they be just talk ok ok goddddd whatever ok whatever . they be talk about murder on it , you sister just have a friend she love slit he throat open she do not need to be hearing that right now let 's be sensitive ! Mom stand yell , Alice slam the iPad cover close . marta put she head in she hand . look at she mom , who look back at she with protective sympathy . marta start laugh at the absurdity of it , but the laugh turn into cry . marta Alice you can keep watch you show it 's alright . alice no , I guess who do it anyway . I be sorry marta . Alice hug she sister . marta 's phone ring . walt thrombey . marta it 's harlan 's son . ( answer ) hi , walt. ( listen ) uh huh . her face shift in confusion . marta ( cont would ) what ? ext . private road - late morning a long narrow private road lead to the thrombey estate . marta 's shitty subcompact car buzze by , towards the house . ext . thrombey estate front drive several car , include a police cruiser with a few uniform officer by it . marta pull up . a officer eye she , approach . cop hey ! Excuse I mar 'am . be you with the help ? meg , thrombey 's college age granddaughter , trot out . meg hey ! her name be marta , she be granddad 's nurse , she 's with we . " the help ? " . marta meg ( to the cop ) ( mutter ) it 's ok , sorry . no . it 's not ok . what the hell ? they hug , and be both instantly cry . they laugh . marta not very good . alone , lot of just , this ( the cry ) and not know what to do next . meg anything you need , you be part of this family marta . marta thank you . int . foyer thrombey 's eldest daughter Linda open the door for marta . linda how you do kiddo . Linda be 60ish , well put together , sharp and steely eye . she dress and speak with just a little more sharpness than any situation she 's in require . marta hi Linda . how be you ? linda ueuh . the funeral help . I guess . just see he . I think you should have be there . I be out vote . Linda 's husband Richard walk in , on the phone . same age as Linda , gruff and confident , will put he foot up on anything . richard ( on phone ) I be not the cop so I do not know . alright fine , do not come , get arrest . die up you own ass all I care . ( hang up ) he 's not come . ( more ) richard ( on phone ) ( cont would ) ( to marta ) ransom . Little shit . miss the funeral . state trooper wagner , fresh face in he 30 , poke he head in through a door . trooper wagner Excuse I , we be ready for you now , we would like to see you one at a time . linda alright I will go first . I be assume this will all be wrap up before the memorial tonight . trooper wagner we will do we best mar 'am . Linda exit with wagner , leave Richard and marta . richard so. how you do kiddo . int . library mystery and horror memorabilia scattered on the shelf . Linda sit opposite three man : lieutenant elliott , in he 30 , in a work suit . very good at he job . the young trooper wagner stand behind he . sitting back behind both of they , almost blend into the background , be a slight man in a linen suit . leg and arm fold sharply , like a paper crane . Silent , listen . lieutenant elliott we be just go to reintroduce ourselves as a formality , I be detective Lieutenant Elliott , and this be trooper wagner . now , I be go to record , just make it easier . ( squint at he phone ) alright , we be with Linda drysdale , nee thrombey , harlan thrombey 's eldest daughter , in discuss the event the night of he demise , one week ago , November 8th . trooper wagner we be sorry for you loss . linda ( dry as chalk ) thank you that mean a lot . Elliott check he note . lieutenant elliott so we understand that night the family have gather to celebrate you father 's eighty fifth birthday . linda yes . lieutenant elliott how be that ? linda the party ? pre my dad 's death ? it be great . int . live room - night of the party - flashback warmly light , classic rock play , food laid out . Linda and Richard mingle happily with the rest of the family ( who we will meet shortly . ) lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) do anyone besides the family show face ? linda ( v.o. ) uh. there be Fran , the housekeeper . marta , harlan 's caregiver , good girl , hard worker . family 's from ecuador . and wanetta - greatnana , harlan 's mom . at the snack table wear a dozen coat , a woman who might be three hundred year old . she pound down chip and dip like a machine . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) ( wow ) his mom ? how old be she ? linda ( v.o. ) we have no idea . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) okay , you son ransom , be he there as well ? linda ( v.o. ) yes but he leave early . ransom drysdale , roguishly handsome in he early 30 , breeze out the side door , past greatnana . greatnana ransom , be you leave ? int . library the strange man in the linen suit tap a piano key , as if remind to ask he something . lieutenant elliott right , do all three of you show up at around the same time ? linda n...0 , Richard come early to help the caterer set up . she raise a question finger to ask about the man but lieutenant elliott okay and you and you husband Richard work for a real estate firm in Boston ? linda ( sharp ) it 's my company . lieutenant elliott ( check note ) sorry . right . linda I build my business from the ground up . lieutenant elliott just like you dad . you two be very close ? linda we have we own secret way of communicate . you have to find that with dad . you have to find a game to play with he . and if you do that , and play by he rule ... CUT to : Richard in the chair Linda be in , give he statement . richard everyone idolize they dad , right ? lieutenant elliott I do not know , do they ? richard very much not , do not know why I say that . but Linda do . int . live room - night of the party harlan thrombey , surround by he family , Richard and Linda flanking he , a birthday cake with candle . all smile . richard ( v.o. ) harlan start with a rusty Smith - corona , build himself into one of the bestsell mystery writer of all time . int . library lieutenant elliott seem like all he kid be self make overachiever . Richard make a " ...sure " face . richard sure . CUT to : walt thrombey now sit in the question chair . late 40s , softly obsequious in a sweater and loafer . his leg be ina cast . lieutenant elliott for the record , I be speak to Walt thrombey , harlan thrombey 's youngest son . lieutenant elliott ( cont would ) so you run you father 's publishing company ? walt yeah . it 's my - it 's we , it 's the family 's publishing company , dad trust I to run it . 30 language , over 80 million copy sell . a real legacy . you guy fan ? lieutenant elliott trooper wagner I do not do much fiction - big fan . Big . trooper wagner ( cont would ) his plot , like something like " a thousand knive , " with the - I do not want to spoil it but - the cow and the shotgun , like where do you come up with that ? walt dad say the plot just pop into he head fully form , that be the easy part for he - tap from the linen suit man 's finger . lieutenant elliott you live in town , right ? you guy probably arrive at around the same time ? Walt look at line suit , throw . walt uh. we all get here around 8 . int . live room - night of the party Walt laugh and mingling with he nervous wife donna . walt ( v.o . ) my wife donna , she 's my rock . Richard back up into donna , who yelp in fear and throw she martini in the air . Richard jump , but Walt do not even register it . richard jeeesus ! donna , you alright ? walt ( v.o. ) and my son Jacob , he 's sixteen . very politically active . 10 . his angry look son jacob , who be always on he phone . int . library Quick cut , each in the chair : richard the boy 's literally a Nazi meg he 's a alt-right troll dipshit walt kid today , with the internet , amazing . lieutenant elliott so the night go well ? int . live room - night of the party the exact same moment we see with Richard and Linda of harlan in front of the birthday cake - but now it 's Walt , donna and Jacob next to harlan . int . library walt ( v.o. ) I mean . we be all gut but I be happy we get that night with he . to be by he side , to think about we book and what we have accomplish with they , it 's like I can still feel he hand on my shoulder . walt pass the torch . cut to : joni thrombey in the chair . a strike woman , tall and boho chic in chunky jewelry and a flowy dress . lieutenant elliott so we be with joni thrombey , harlan thrombey 's ... daughter in law ? joni mm. I be marry to he son Neil , we have one daughter , meg , and then Neil pass on fifteen year ago . 11 . lieutenant elliott and you remain close to the thrombeys . int . live room - night of the party joni dance with various family member , free and flow . joni ( v.0 . ) oh they be my family . I feel simultaneously freed by and support by they , that balance of opposite be the nugget of flam . int . library - present lieutenant elliott sorry , the nugget of ? joni flam . lieutenant elliott ah ! yeah flam , right , you skin care company . sorry . joni I forgive you , yes , it 's skin care but it promote a total lifestyle . self sufficiency with a acknowledgment of human need . that 's flam , but it 's also harlan . he get I and meg through some tough time . meg in the chair . meg granddad give my mom a yearly allowance , and he 's never miss wiring a tuition payment to my school . he 's a genuinely selfless man . lieutenant elliott you leave he party early ? meg to see some friend at Smith . 12 . int . live room - night of the party meg trot out . Linda , piss , to Richard so joni can hear : linda you know , dad 's pay for she crypto- marxist postdeconstructual feminist poetry theory whatever major , she could have stick around for the cake . int . library joni I think Linda be upset . but harlan understand . tap . lieutenant elliott right . you two arrive together to the party at the same time ? joni look at the linen suit man . joni if I could - pause - because I , who be that guy ? and why be we do all this ? again ? lieutenant elliott just some follow up question , just be thorough , in order to determine the manner of death . cut back to Walt in the chair . walt ( almost laugh ) so by " manner of death " you mean if he be kill . if one of we kill he . one of he family ? lieutenant elliott none of we think that , this be pro forma , all of it . CUT to : Richard in the chair . he do not buy it . richard ok . so who the fuck be that ? 13. he point at linen suit . Elliott take a breath . lieutenant elliott this be benoit blanc . richard ( the hell ? ) benoit blanc ? lieutenant elliott yes . Mr. blanc be a private investigator of great renown . joni in the chair . Linda in the joni wait a minute - I read a tweet about a New Yorker article about you . the last of the gentleman sleuth ? you solve that case with the tennis champ - you be famous ! lieutenant elliott Mr. blanc be not with the police department , he be not officially involved with the case but he have offer to consult . I happily oblige and I can vouch for he . chair . linda Mr. blanc , I know who you be , I read you New Yorker profile . it be delightful . I just bury my eighty five year old father who commit suicide . why be you here ? Elliott and wagner turn back to blanc , who lean forward slightly and speak in the gentlest southern lilt you have ever hear in you life . blanc I be here at the behest of a client . linda who ? blanc I can not say , but let I assure you this : my presence will be ornamental . ( more ) 14 . blanc ( cont would ) you will find I a respectful , quiet , passive observer . of the truth . Elliott and wagner turn nervously back to Linda . she do not look thrilled . cut to Richard . richard Fine . be we get there ? blanc nearly . harlan 's nurse . she be at the party in a professional capacity ? blanc begin idly play with a silver dollar . richard marta ? int . live room - night of the party the family be engage in a animated discussion , marta stand on the outskirt . richard ( v.o. ) I guess . harlan hire she to be around , take care of whatever medical need pop up , but really she 's like part of the family . Richard beckon with he cake , call marta into the discussion , into the circle of the family . richard ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) good kid , be a good friend to harlan . her family 's from paraguay . Linda really like she work ethic . int . library richard '' immigrant - we get the job do . " from Hamilton . wagner give he a smile to show he get the reference . trooper wagner oh Hamilton ! richard I see it at the public . 15 . cut to Linda back in the chair . blanc May I just - and then I will recede , but as a self make man myself I have to express my admiration for how you have follow in you father 's footstep . linda thank you . blanc just marvelous . the whole family too . joni with she thing , Walt with he publishing empire . linda well . blanc pause . do not push anything . just wait a moment . linda ( cont would ) yes . I mean . Walt , yeah . he 's do well with what dad 's give he . Walt - not like it matter but he be sort of adrift , dad give he the job , but really dad hand he a book twice a year and Walt publish it , I mean ... it 's just not the same . blanc but surely Walt run the merchandise , adaptation , film and television rights ... Linda squint , narrowing she eye on blanc . softly : linda be you bait I , detective ? you know he do not , and you think I be dumb enough to be bait into talk family business , into shit talk my brother in front of a police detective and a state trooper - Richard in the chair . richard Walt do not run shit ! there be no film or tv rights , harlan 's never allow any adaptation of he book . hate the idea . 16 . blanc no ! richard oh yeah ! drive Walt nut , cause that 's where the real money 's at . when he get a little irish courage in he he will get into it with harlan . blanc do he get '' into it " at the party ? richard oh my god . int . live room - night of the party Walt with a drink in he hand have cornere harlan . Richard watch across the room as Walt go from argue to plead . richard ( v.o. ) he would not leave he alone , poor guy . harlan have to give he the hook . harlan have have enough , he take Walt 's arm and lead he into the draw room for a private talk . richard ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) I do not hear what he say but he must have really hand he he lunch , Walt be like a wounded puppy the rest of the night . int . library Walt in the chair , indignant . walt blanc what ? Richard say what ? Jesus . no , we do not get I be just try to get a '' into it . " accurate impression - harlan take you aside at the party , when you return you be chasten , what do harlan say to you ? Walt start to open he mouth , hesitates . off he frighten face we flash back : int . drawing room - night of the party Walt , drunk , harlan guide he firmly into the shadow . walt harlan the Netflix guy , they business affair guy send over something , hard number this time , and I think - this be a window , it 's not Walt . go to last and you should just look at this number Walt . walt dad you put I in charge of we book let I be in charge , let I do this ! please . harlan they be not we book , son . they be my book . and this be not how I want to have this conversation but , you be right , it 's unfair of I to keep you tethere to something that be not yours to control . walt what ? harlan I have do you a grave disservice all this year , I have keep you from building something of you own , that 's yours . you be not go to run the publishing house anymore . you be free of it . walt dad . be you fire I ? harlan we will talk about detail tomorrow . but my mind 's make up . good boy . harlan pat he face , then leave he shell shocked . int . library back to Walt 's hesitate face . the briefest of moment have pass . Walt lie : 18. walt we talk , we have a business discussion , about e-book , Jesus , it be nothing . you want to talk about a argument , hell ransom have a argument with he . blanc ransom , Richard and Linda 's son ? walt look we love ransom , he be a good kid , we love he . blanc -.- but walt but he 's always be the black sheep of the family , and I be not , I , I keep stuff like this in the family , but with ransom , he 's never have a job . but dad for some unknown reason have always support he , they have get this love hate bond . they fight . but that night , god . they have a blow out . blanc about what ? int . live room - night of the party the family have a conversation , everyone but harlan , Jacob and ransom . it grind to a halt as through the door to harlan 's study indistinct shouting boom . walt ( v.o. ) we could not make it out , but it be huge . and it be strange they go in another room to do it - they usually love stoke up drama in front of the whole family . ransom burst out of the door and storm out of the party , past greatnana . greatnana ransom be you leave ? 19 . int . library Richard in the chair . blanc speak of get into it , you be at the house early to help the caterer set up . do you converse with harlan at that time ? richard he be there , we must have speak . blanc in he study ? richard I do not think so . blanc you see , I speak with the caterer this morning . she do not see you help she staff , but she do hear harlan in a scream match with someone that afternoon . in he study . richard I do not , a scream match ? no. joni be here too , she be early , maybe it be she , ask she . blanc this be two male voice . int . hallway - day of party a caterer walk through with a platter . pause , hear shouting through the wall . blanc ( v.o. ) harlan shout the phrase harlan ( 0.s. ) .».. you tell she or I will ! int . library blanc you tell she . or I will . bell ringing ? 20 . for a just a split second , Richard consider what he be go to say . in the second , we flash back : int . SMALL study - day of party harlan show Richard photo on a laptop . Long lens photo , of Richard kissing a woman who be not Linda . Richard glare at it , harlan turn a old baseball over in he hand . richard that 's none of you business , harlan . stay out of my marriage . harlan hold up a seal small envelope with flowery embroidery , " L " write on the front . harlan I know my daughter . she would want to know . I have put it all in this letter to she , tomorrow she get it . richard harlan I be warning you once , do not she deserve to know , you be do this like hell - go to tell she ! harlan slam the baseball down on the desk . harlan ( cont would ) you tell she or I will ! int . library back to Richard . he grin , snap he finger . richard yes . I know - yes , ha . so. harlan decide to finally put he mom ina nursing home . which Linda always oppose . and I be go to wait till we be back home in Boston to tell she , so there would not be a whole scene , but harlan want I to tell she then . that be it . sorry . forget . joni in the chair . joni the house ? 21 . blanc early . Richard say you be there . joni I be . at the house early . blanc to see harlan ? joni to see harlan . yes . joni stop , smell something in the air . she 's about to ask about it but - blanc what be you see harlan about ? joni it be just a mix up with the payment for meg 's tuition . blanc I be sorry to press , what kind of mix up ? joni hesitates , we flash back : int . SMALL study - day of party harlan at he desk , toy with the same old baseball . this be a thing he do at he desk . joni stand , arm cross . joni the school have not get the check yet , I do not know why Alan do not mail it harlan Alan do not mail it because he catch a discrepancy . Alan 's office have be wiring tuition directly to the school , as per you request . but Phyllis 's office that handle you yearly allowance have be wiring the tuition money directly to you as well . as per you request . you have be double dip meg 's tuition , steal from I . a hundred thousand dollar a year . for the past four year . 22 . harlan show joni a letter from he business manager , with transaction receipt attach . joni harlan . I do not know how this mix up happen but harlan open he ledger , hand write a check . harlan I be write this tuition check , then that be the last money you or meg will get from I . joni please you do not understand harlan I know it '1l hurt but it 's for the best . joni 's speechless , she face freeze . harlan put the baseball down and detach the check , hold it out to she . harlan ( cont would ) my mind 's make up . int . library back to joni . she shake she head . joni just a money wiring issue . with the office at the school . so I have to ask harlan to cut a check for this semester . no big deal . lieutenant elliott why do not we take a breather . int . foyer - day joni come out into the foyer from the library , obviously rattle . she pull it together quick when Linda come down the stair . linda joni . you have not see Richard have you ? 23 . joni no , I be just in with the - no . int . SMALL study linda ( 0.s. ) Richard ! alone , Richard wait very still for Linda 's footstep to walk away , then when he know she 's not come in he furtively rifle through desk drawer , find various ridiculous ephemera . he find a small lock drawer , jimmy it open with a letter opener . Inside - the small pink envelope harlan threaten he with in he flashback . he rip it open , pull out the card inside . it be blank . Richard almost laugh . drop it onto the desk . richard Son of a bitch . he spot harlan 's old baseball . grab it , spitefully chuck it out the open window . ext . side of house - day blanc , Elliott and wagner stroll long the wide lawn beside the house . blanc ignites a long thin cigar . lieutenant elliott maybe I be a victim of my own expectation . but when the great benoit blanc knock on my door , I expect it 's go to be for something ... if not extraordinary , at least interesting . this be a open and shut case of suicide . ( check watch ) and benny we be at the point where I need to know what we be do here . blanc notice the old baseball lie in the grass . he pick it up idly . 24 . blanc the method , throat slit . typical of a suicide ? lieutenant elliott Dramatic . but look around . the guy practically life in a clue board . int . foyer marta sit alone , across from a portrait of harlan . muffled voice out on the patio . cigar smoke drift by outside . she creep over to the glass door . put she ear to it . lieutenant elliott ( 0.s. ) you ask I to drag all this good people back for question , go over it all again , I do not get it . this be a pleasant family with the usual quarrel but no possible motive for murder - where be you go ? at that moment , blanc 's face appear right next to marta 's stare right at she through the distort glass . she yelp and fall back . ext . patio blanc open the glass door . marta step back sheepishly , but with a warm nod blanc beckon for she to join they . blanc harlan thrombey 's nurse , marta ... marta ... cabrera blanc marta cabrera . trooper wagner miss cabrera , you can just wait inside - we will be with you soon . blanc miss cabrera , I be do a little poke , you be hire on a part time basis as a register nurse , yes ? 25 . marta yeah , I do not work for a vna . harlan hire I directly . blanc you be pay a flat rate for how many hour a week ? marta I start at 15 , but slowly he ... need more help . blanc Medical help ? marta he need a friend . blanc smile at the girl , genuinely touch . blanc do have a kind heart make you a good nurse ? lieutenant elliott blanc . blanc yes . marta we be just discuss possible motive in the family . I suspect harlan have tell you much unfiltered truth about each of they , and a little bird have tell I , how shall I put this delicately ? you have a regurgitive reaction to mistruthin ' . marta who tell you that ? blanc be it true ? marta yes . it 's something that I have have as a kid . it 's a physically thing that I - I - just the think of lie , yeah , it make I puke . blanc really ? be Richard have a affair ? marta be stunne . she flash back to : 26 . ext . patio - day - flashback she read , harlan sit at he laptop , heavy with sadness . harlan why do man instinctively pull at loose thread on they parachute ? marta what ? harlan spin he laptop towards she - the Richard photo . ext . patio - day back to we scene . marta look queasy , try to stall . marta heh - Richard ? - affair ? heh . blanc a yes or no will do . she struggle , she jaw clench , face work hard , then attempt - marta see no and immediately vomit into a nearby planter . lieutenant elliott trooper wagner whoa ! oh my god ! they all rush to she , blanc bring water , awfully concerned . blanc dear girl I be sorry . I assume you be speak figuratively . blanc take the shortest acceptable beat of concern before turn to Elliott . blanc ( cont would ) quite something . but I be obviously right , Richard be have a affair , he father in law find out and confront he . " you tell she . or I will . " lieutenant elliott even if it 's true ... you ok ? 27 . marta give a weak thumb up , recover elliott even if that be right , protect he marriage be weak sauce as a motive . blanc well . and then there be ... joni . lieutenant elliott trooper wagner joni ? joni ?! trooper wagner ( cont would ) lifestyle guru joni ? no. harlan be support she and she daughter , she have the opposite of a motive . marta try to quietly slip back into the house blanc and if that support be threaten ? miss cabrera one moment please marta I be just go to go get some scope blanc miss cabrera , be harlan plan on cut off joni 's allowance ? off marta 's " oh god no " face : int . study - day - flashback harlan look at the letter from he business manager , with the transaction receipt . he sigh heavily . harlan oh , joni. marta what 's up ? he hand she the letter . ext . patio - day marta 's face work against impending nausea . 28 . marta I ... lieutenant elliott ok do not answer that if you be go to puke . please . but blanc press . blanc meg say harlan pay the school directly , joni say he send the money to she . both be true , she be pockete the double payment , harlan find out and cut she off without a cent . yes ? marta start to shake she head no , but she throat convulse . she nod . blanc hand she a glass of water . trooper wagner and she bump he off for the inheritance ? come . on ! have you see she insta ? she 's a influencer . lieutenant elliott a allowance as a motive , blanc . she have she business . more weak sauce . blanc idly scratch a spot on the side of he neck . blanc grant . but she lie . to I . all three of they do . lieutenant elliott Three ? blanc walter . lieutenant elliott I see where you be go with this . blanc but there be something else . harlan have turn walter down before regard film rights , but that night something harlan say shook he . we look at the pattern , harlan be clean house . I wonder ... ( to marta ) do he plan to fire walter ? 29 . marta ( honest & relieved ) can I wait inside ? I do not feel like I should be here . lieutenant elliott yes , please just wait inside but stay close . she step back in , grateful . blanc to Elliott : blanc you have be very patient my friend , and you be right , none of this weak alibis and domestic squibble answer you question : why be benoit blanc here ? but now I will tell you why . ( beat ) I be here because this morning someone dodge one very important question . lieutenant elliott who ? blanc me. Linda ask who hire I . lieutenant elliott so who hire you ? blanc i. do. not. know . a envelope of cash show up at my apartment yesterday , with the news clipping of thrombey 's death . trooper wagner a envelope ? that work ? blanc a envelope of cash . blanc indicate with he finger - several inch thick . blanc ( cont would ) so somebody suspect foul play , but go through this ha cha dance of hire I , of stay anonymous . it make no damn sense . compel I though . ( more ) 30 . blanc ( cont would ) ( beat ) walk I through everyone 's whereabouts at the time of death . Elliott hesitates , but blanc 's get he hook . he flip open he notebook . blanc lean back , close he eye . lieutenant elliott we know , the party break up at 11:30 . int . second floor landing - night of party marta and harlan vanish up the stair towards the third floor , while Richard and Linda head into the bedroom right next to the stair . down the hallway joni wave , and duck into another bedroom . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) marta take harlan upstairs to give he he med , Richard and Linda and joni go right to bed . now we do have this : the stair lead up to harlan 's bedroom and he attic office creak horribly . int . richard and linda' guest room - night of the party Richard sleep deep , Linda sleep lightly . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) and Linda be a light sleeper . so we know every time someone take the stair that night . int . joni and meg' guest room - night of party joni have decorate the room with colorful silk and candle . she be in lotus position on she bed , meditate . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) the first be when joni hear a ka - thunk from somewhere above she in the house . ka-thunk ! joni look up at the ceiling . int . second floor landing - night of party joni trot down the hall and up the creaky stair . 31 . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) she 's concerned about harlan , she go up to investigate . waking Linda . int . richard and linda' guest room - night of party creak creak creak ! from outside . Linda 's eye pop open . int . third floor landing - night of party joni knock on the door of harlan 's attic office . it open , and harlan answer . in the room behind he we see marta , she back turn , prepare a hypo needle . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) harlan be in he attic office with marta . he explain that they have just knock the go board over - that game with the grid and stone , they play it every night , and he be fine , go to bed . so she do . the spill go board on the floor . joni kiss harlan on the cheek , go . he shut the door . int . richard and linda' guest room - night of party Linda have just get back to sleep . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) ten minute later , Linda be wake a second time , by marta leave . creak creak creak ! Linda wake , supremely annoyed . marta ( 0.s. ) Walt ! I be leave ! ext . front porch - night of party Walt and Jacob sit on the porch , Walt with a cigar , Jacob with he phone . marta trot through , say goodbye . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) Walt be smoking a cigar on the porch with he son . he see she leave and drive off , and note the time - midnight . 32 . Walt glance at he watch . Midnight . int . richard and linda' guest room - night of party Linda with a pillow over she head . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) Fifteen minute later , Linda be wake for the third and final time . by someone come down the stair . creak creak creak ! Linda wake . you have gotta be kid I . ext . front porch - night of party Walt , still smoking with Jacob , spot harlan through the glaze glass , come down the stair in the foyer . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) harlan . who come down for midnight snack , which Walt try to discourage . walt dad , go to bed ! through the glaze glass , harlan go back up the stair . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) base on this , the medical examiner determine time of death to be between 12:15 and 2 be . as Walt be finish he cigar , about 12:30 , meg come home . she go straight to bed . Walt and Jacob turn in shortly after that . meg pull up , trot past Walt and Jacob and inside . int . joni and meg' guest room - night of party meg stir , wake . joni be asleep . lieutenant elliott ( v.o. ) sometime later that night , undetermine but possibly near 3 be , meg wake up because the dog be bark outside . she use the bathroom and go back to bed . 33 . ext . patio - day Elliott snap the notebook close . lieutenant elliott and that 's it . everyone 's storey match , every movement account for . blanc there be no other staircase up to harlan 's room ? blanc scratch that same spot on the side of he neck . lieutenant elliott no . just the creaky one . blanc seem intrigue by this . blanc interesting . trooper wagner so I guess we can rule out ransom , he be not there . and marta , harlan be alive after she leave . but meg get home during the time of death window . lieutenant elliott except it be a suicide . harlan hit both carotid , we see from the blood blood splat pattern that they be uninterrupted . meaning , it 's almost impossible for anyone to have be around he at the time . he 's the one that cut he own throat . I do not know why we keep go over this . blanc physical evidence can tell a clear story with a fork tongue . lieutenant elliott what ? blanc and as we have see this morning , everyone can lie . well . almost everyone . 34 . int . library - late afternoon marta in the chair . she shift , uncomfortable . blanc , Elliott and wagner in they normal place . blanc Ms. cabrera , we have keep you wait all afternoon because I want to hear from you last . I want to have the entire picture of the evening in my head . you piece of it be at its very center . so please , take you time . you take Mr. thrombey upstairs at 11:30 . and leave at midnight . think very carefully . and with as much detail as possible , tell we what happen in that half hour . marta be very still . a moment of silence . blanc flip he silver dollar into the air . she do not say a word , but in that moment while the coin hang in the air we flash back with she to : int . harlan' bedroom - night - flashback the night of the party . a clock on a nightstand : 11:32 . off screen we hear marta lead harlan up the creaky stair . marta harlan up up up up - you get it ? I get it . up up up I get it . marta enter the room , and behind she we see harlan keep climb up the narrow stair to he office . marta up up nooooo no not tonight , no straight to bed tonight it be soooo late c'mon . harlan . harlan ! she grab a mo kit from the bedroom and follow he , exasperate . int . harlan thrombey' study - night - flashback harlan sit , set up a go board . marta enter . 35 . marta harlan it 's late , I have champagne it 's my birthday , we be - no no no you have one glass - we be not break tradition on my birthday . marta put two vial and a pill box on the go board . she pull out two plastic wrap hypodermics . marta take you goddamn medicine and go to bed . harlan if you be go to put that vile shit in I you will have to earn it . on my birthday . ( play it up ) eighty fifth . so old . soo olddd marta alright old man . 8 x8 game . you ready ? she sit and they start clack white and black stone on the board . harlan marta why can not I beat you at this game ? because I be not play to beat you , I be play to oh uh huh . build a beautiful pattern . they play fast , and marta be obviously win . harlan elder abuse . I be call the aarp . marta do not make I get the belt . harlan it 's basically over . my only hope be that a earthquake will strike . but what be the chance - harlan start shaking the table with he knee . he look around , startle . marta just stare at he , deadpan . harlan ( cont would ) get under a door frame ! 36 . he tip the whole table and the go board and mo vial and syringe and mo kit fall to the soft rug . thing spill out of the kit . a mess . marta just shake she head . marta med then bed . harlan Fair . she retrieve the vial and load a syringe from one of they . harlan roll up he sleeve revealing a pre-insert catheter . he cross to close the room 's only small window . harlan ( cont would ) ugh , Walt 's smoking a cigar on the porch . nasty thing . marta how be tonight ? she hook the syringe up to the catheter and slowly inject he bit by bit while he talk . harlan tonight be ... good . marta because I know you be not look forward to it . harlan no . but I do it . cut the line on all four of they . it be not easy . this goddamn fortune . sometimes I think , everything I have give my family , I have do , maybe without know it , maybe , to keep they beneath I . I should have what ... maybe , I do not know . encourage Walt to write he own storey , not just be a caretaker of mine . like you say I should . be a father , not just a provider , to joni . like you have also say . I should have be kinder to Linda . and ransom . harlan take a curve ornamental dagger from a display mount , turn it over in he hand . harlan ( cont would ) Jesus there 's so much I in that kid . confident , stupid , I dunno . ( more ) 37 . harlan ( cont would ) protected . play life like a game without consequence , till you can not tell the difference between a stage prop and a real knife . he stab it into the desk , sharp and real . leave it there . harlan ( cont would ) I do not fear death . but god I would like to fix some of this before I go . Close the book with a flourish . I guess we will see . marta I guess we will . hey . Old man . you have have a long day . wanna do drug . she load the second syringe from the second vial . harlan you mean the good stuff ? marta yeah but just a tiny bit . harlan send I to lala land . why do I wait till my mid eighty to become a morphine user , what a schmuck , what a nud -nig , this stuff 's the best . she pull the needle from the second vial ... then see the label . freezes . blink at it . marta oh my god . she snatch up the first vial she just injected he from . compare the label to the one she just pick up . they be similar but not the same . harlan be there a problem ? marta this be what I just give you 100 milligram of . but I mess up . harlan you give I 100 milligram of the good stuff . 38 . she immediately pull a emergency kit from a nearby shelf , start calmly but quickly go through its content . harlan ( cont would ) what 's the good stuff dosage suppose to be ? marta let not call it that right now - three milligram . harlan that 's much less . so what happen ? marta I give you a emergency shot of naloxone , so that you do not die in ten minute . harlan well no pressure . you know that 's a interesting , efficient method for murder , I need to write that down . he get a little notebook and scribbles while she check and recheck the kit content with increase urgency . harlan ( cont would ) so if someone switch the med on purpose I would be dead in ten minute , like stone cold dead ? marta you will feel symptom in five . sweat , disorientation . then yeah , that big a dose , injected , within ten you respiratory - you - yes ten minute . harlan from the time of injection , so eightish now . and even if the victim call a ambulance when he first feel symptom , if he be at a country home like this one ... where the ambulance take fifteen minute to arrive , it would be too late . if the victim do not have this emergency naxostuff . he watch she . she 's now digging around the carpet , look under the couch . she dump the entire content of the kit out and be now frantically go through it . a bead of sweat roll down harlan 's brow . 39 . harlan ( cont would ) marta . do you have naxostuff ? marta yes ! naloxone yes it come with the emergency kit - it should be here , it 's - fuck . no harlan it 's not here . it 's not . oh my god . they look at each other for a second . she 's panicked . he 's think . marta ( cont would ) where 's my phone ? shit - she pick up a landline phone on the table , dial 911 with shaking hand - before it can even ring , the line go dead . she look , unbely : harlan 's finger be on the cradle . his eye be lock with hers , serious and certain . marta ( cont would ) harlan what be you do ? harlan marta , listen to I . marta harlan harlan we need to - be you stop . stop stop , marta crazy , we need to call , they listen there be not time stop need to get here I need to - now stop she go for she cell phone across the room and harlan stop she - they trip and fall to the ground with a ka-thunk . marta harlan what be you do be you marta it 's too late it be nut ? over , it 's too late I be dead listen . listen . he actually put he hand over she mouth . harlan ( cont would ) listen . if what you say be true I be go , there 's no save I , we have six minute . there be one last thing I need to do in this world , and only you can help I do it . but you need to trust I and do everything I say . marta what do you want to do ? harlan get you out of this . think of you mom - please trust I , we have to 40 . make this look ironclad like it can not have be you fault . you. can not . have do this . marta my mom ...? creak on the stair outside . harlan get up . a knock on the door . joni ( 0.s. ) harlan ? marta ? everything alright ? harlan and marta stand . she 's daze , deer in the headlight , but he 's focus and sharp . he turn from the door . harlan stand here , keep you back to I , do not say a word . harlan open the door . while he get rid of joni with marta , who stand stock still , tear run face , eye wild - what do she do ? harlan ( cont would ) joni . joni I - hi - I hear something , be everything ok ? harlan oh yes we just , I just knock over the go board , sorry about that . joni everything 's alright ? harlan yes yes all fine , go to bed joni . she away we stick down she 41 . joni ok . and maybe we can talk tomorrow about the , uh , the thing with harlan yes . tomorrow . joni Love you , night . harlan night night . harlan shut the door . look at the knife still stick in the desk . then take marta 's shoulder , look in she eye . harlan ( cont would ) pay attention now , you mom be still undocumented , if this be you fault she will be find out and at best deport , you family will be break . a new kind of fear in marta 's eye . marta harlan oh god but we be not go to let that happen . I have a plan , it 's not go to be easy but you have to do exactly what I tell you . will you do this marta ? this last thing . for I , and for you family . she 's terrify . but she nod . marta what do you want I to do ? ext . front porch - night of the party - flashback Walt smoking and Jacob . harlan ( v.o. ) go downstairs as noisily as you can , say goodbye loudly . marta ( 0.s. ) Walt ! I be leave ! marta exit quickly , down to she car . 42. harlan ( v.o. ) call attention to the time if you can . marta God it 's midnight already . Walt check he watch . int . marta be car - night - flashback she drive out the guard gate and down the private road . up ahead - a harlan ( v.o. ) drive out the gate , then to avoid the security camera , pull off the road before the carve elephant . weathered wood carve elephant statue . marta wait ... be it before or after ? harlan ( v.o. ) after the carve elephant . marta no , he say - before ? be it ? harlan ( v.o. ) beafterfore the carve elephant . marta shit ... she yank the wheel and pull off before the statue . ext . wood - night - flashback marta trudge away from the park car , tree branch catch she hair . harlan ( v.o. ) Park and come back on foot up to the house , 43 . ext . thrombey estate side gate - night - flashback a waist-high stone wall with a little pedestrian gate . the house up ahead . marta go through the gate and up towards the house . harlan ( v.o. ) take the side yard path , through that little gate . the dog sprint down the moonlit yard from the house towards marta . harlan ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) the dog will know you , they should not bark . the dog stop at marta and lick she hand . ext . thrombey estate side yard - night - flashback marta look up the side of the loom house . a sturdy trellis on the wall , and high above a third story window . harlan ( v.o. ) you have get to get up to the third floor without be see , and the only way be to climb the side trellis and come in through the trick hall window . marta you have gotta be kid I . harlan ( v.o. ) I be not . do it . cut to : moment later , marta climb the trellis . it 's easy go until a piece break under she foot , and she swing for a second by one hand . harlan ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) and for godsssake do not make any noise . int . third floor landing - night - flashback what appear to be a dead end hallway , with a painting at the end . but suddenly the end wall swing away like a door , revealing a window behind it . marta heave she way in through it , and step lightly into harlan 's bedroom . 44 , harlan ( v.o. ) once you be inside , this be the tricky part . marta ( v.o. ) this be the tricky part ? int . harlan' bedroom - night - flashback harlan ( v.o. ) get my robe and cap from my bedroom . and put they on . she pick they up from the bed . stop . a moment of doubt . int . harlan thrombey' study - night - flashback back to the scene with harlan . marta stop he . marta harlan this be - I - this be crazy - harlan we need to make this so airtight you average cop will entirely dismiss you as a suspect . this seem crazy but it will work . int . harlan' bedroom - night - flashback marta in the robe , pull the cap on , tucking she hair under it . int . second floor landing - night of party - flashback marta , in harlan 's robe and cap , creep down the creaky stair , then keep go down . harlan ( v.o . ) Walt and Jacob be smoking outside . they will see you ... int . foyer - night of party - flashback marta come down the stair , and see the outline of Walt and Jacob outside through the glaze window window . 45 . harlan ( v.o. ) ... through the glaze window . she hold she breath , a deer in the headlight . walt dad , go to bed . marta head right back up the stair . harlan ( v.o. ) you be see leave , the security camera show you drive off , and twenty minute later I be see alive and well by my son . int . second floor landing - night marta climb the creaky stair . harlan ( v.o. ) you have go from suspect number one to a impossibility . int . harlan' bedroom - night marta duck in , ditching the robe and cap on the bed . ext . thrombey estate side yard - night marta shimmy down the last of the trellis . harlan ( v.o. ) leave the way you come . and do not . be. seen. she hop to the ground , then freeze and almost shout . she 's face a darken first floor window . Wide open . and inside it , stare right at she , be greatnana . marta be freeze . greatnana be not move either . just have she eye lock on marta . after what seem like forever , greatnana cock she head slightly and ask ... greatnana ransom ? be you back again already ? 46 . marta breathes . and back away . then turn and go , quickly , down across the lawn . harlan ( v.o. ) drive home . sometime in the next few day the police will question you . int . harlan thrombey' study - night back to harlan and marta . marta harlan I can not lie I will puke harlan do not lie . tell fragment of the truth . in this exact order : int . library - late afternoon blanc catch he coin . Lieutenant Elliott and trooper wagner look up at marta , expectant . just a brief moment have pass since we leave they . marta I take he upstairs . we play we nightly game of go , at some point he knock the board over and joni come up to check on we . then I give he pain medication , he pull he shoulder last week , and leave he in he study . at midnight . Said bye to Walt , go home . lieutenant elliott what medication do he get ? marta choose she word very carefully : marta since he injury I have be give he a 100 milligram iv push of toradol , a non narcotic analgesic . and to help he sleep , 3 milligram of morphine . lieutenant elliott anything unusual about he demeanor ? uh oh. marta keep it solid . superhuman effort . 47 . marta no . the three man nod . blanc hold marta 's gaze . she hold it right back . then he smile . blanc well that sound about right . thank you Ms. cabrera . int . foyer - moment later marta walk calmly out of the library . then across the foyer into a small door . int . half bath marta walk in , close the door behind she , lock it , turn on both the tap , and puke into the toilet . int . linda' room Linda stand in she childhood room , by the window in the ebbing light . from a shelf she pull a stack of pink notecard , identical to the one harlan show Richard in he office . but this be cover in write , sweet little note , a father to he daughter . walt ( 0.s. ) hey sis . people be go to start get here for the memorial pretty soon . be you - be you alright ? she look up . Walt in the doorway . she wipe she eye , indicate the note . linda I be just think about dad 's game . this all feel like one , it feel like something he would write , not do . I keep wait for a big reveal , where it all make sense . how nice would that be ? her little brother hug she . his eye tired and dark . 48 . int . live room - night harlan thrombey - he portrait , with a ambiguous look on he face . marta . soda water in hand at the reception that night . stare shell shocked at harlan . the reception for friend of the family . tables of food . twenty or thirty people milling , in dark tasteful clothes , with the whole thrombey family . a tearful Fran have cornere marta , talk through sob : fran I do not think he kill himself I do not . I do not . there 's this hallmark movie deadly by surprise where danica mckellar play a wife who get poison by she husband but bit by bit so she think she 's go crazy and she end up kill herself , and my cousin who 's the receptionist at the medical examiner office say that kind of thing can totally happen , she say it 's not even like 3 % as crazy as stuff she 's see come through the - as Fran 's talk , marta look at the room of family member , gather around talk . she flash back to : int . live room - night of party - flashback - night night of the party harlan and ransom go off together to have a private talk , leave the family have a heat conversation in the live room . richard I do not like he no he 's a asshole but maybe a asshole 's what we need joni oh god . yeah a asshole 's what Germany need in oh uh huh yeah there you go marta stay on the outskirt . champagne flute : nineteen thirty ever Fran , with a tray of 49 . fran Jesus . I be gonna disappear until the politics talk be do . you want some champer ? marta no I be technically work . thanks . marta check she watch . meanwhile donna , who 's have a few , be tear into the family fight . donna joni we be lose we way of life and we culture , there 's million of mexican come and this be not joni do not oh god really - yeah it 's make this a race thing , I would not a race thing yeah say the same thing if they be european immigrant - oh yeah , if the swiss be we allow they in and they clogging in the street - think they own what 's ours they be put . Children . in cage . I mean this be camp . richard joni nobody 's say that be not bad , but I blame the parent for want a better life for they kid , be not that what America richard for break the law . you be go to hate hearing this but it 's true , America be for Americans . marta , come here . Richard beckon she over , wave he cake plate . we have see this moment before , silent , during Richard 's question . linda oh god do not . marta be draw over next to Richard , very uncomfortable . richard no , marta you family come from uruguay but you do it right , she do it legally , I be say . you work hard , and you will earn you share from the ground up just like dad and all of we do - marta I bet you agree with I . 50 . linda leave the poor girl alone . richard no marta do you agree , I would like you to answer - you wanna become a american , there be legal way to do it , but if you break the law it do not matter if you have a good heart , you gotta face the consequence . at that moment booming shout begin behind the study door - harlan and ransom go at it . ransom burst out . marta take the opportunity to slip into the hallway , alone . she breathes hard . take a champagne flute from the tray . drink it in one gulp . int . live room - night end flashback . marta in the same spot , Fran still talk she ear off . the room sway . marta suck in breath , sway , and brace herself against the wall . fran oh my god marta , what ? meg run over , rub she back . meg whoa hey , c'mere , hey . what do you , you want water ? breathe . hey . Fran have you still get you stash ? int . drawing room - night empty and dark , fireplace blaze . above the fireplace be a ornate mantle clock . Fran use a key to unlock one of several tiny drawer hide in its face , take out a joint and hand it to meg . fran take they whenever you need they - they be just drying out since you give I that juul . meg thanks Fran . Fran leave they alone . 51 . marta meg I be sorry I be sorry I be stop say you be sorry sorry Jesus meg light the joint . marta God my heart will not stop , I can not - it 's just everything , no , thank you she refuse the joint , then realize where it come from . marta ( cont would ) that 's where Fran keep she stash ? meg who 's go to open a clock ? int . live room Walt yell at a non responsive , bored greatnana . walt linda do you want dinner , nana ? Walt she 's fine , she eat the dinner ? to eat ? eat ? whole salmon spread already . meg grab Walt , pull he to marta . meg do you tell marta yet ? what we all talk about ? walt meg no , not yet , be now a good yes a very good time . right time ? now . walt marta . we have talk it over , and ( wait ) have you be smoking grass ? meg no . walt we talk it over and the whole family , we want to take care of you . marta what do that mean ? 52 . meg we all think you deserve something . walt financially , we want to help you out . you be never anything but good to dad . because of that , you can count on we . Walt embrace she , meg put a hand on she back . over Walt 's shoulder , marta see harlan 's portrait again . have its expression change ? it look like it have a slight conspiratorial smile . marta breathes - maybe this be all go to be ok . walt ( cont would ) I think you should have be at the funeral , by the way . I be outvote . ext . side porch - night later . marta come out to get some air . exhales deeply . and then jump - she 's not alone . benoit blanc sit ina wicker chair in the dark , smoking a long thin cigar . marta wah ha . detective . you be still here ? blanc mm. silence . blanc smoke and stare at marta . marta shift . marta do you know harlan ? blanc he know my father who be a police detective . year ago . my father respected harlan . that say quite a lot . marta so that 's why you be here ? blanc here now here ? no . I stay hope to speak to you a little more . 53 . marta uh ? blanc something be afoot with this whole affair . I know it , and I believe you know it . marta so you be ... go to keep digging . blanc harlan 's detective they dig , they rifle and root , truffle pig . I anticipate the terminus of gravity 's rainbow . marta gravity 's rainbow . blanc it 's a novel . marta I know . I have not read it . blanc neither have i. nobody have . but I like the title . it describe the path of a projectile , determine by natural law . voila , my method . I observe the fact without biase of the head or heart , I determine the arc 's path , stroll leisurely to its terminus , and the truth fall at my foot . ( beat ) the medical examiner be ready to rule this a suicide , but Elliott agree to keep it pend for forty eight hour . tomorrow morning I search the grounds and the house , begin my investigation . I want you to be by my side for it . my confidant , my eye and ear . marta what but - why I ? 54 . blanc I trust you kind heart . also you be the only one who have nothing to gain from harlan 's death . so. Watson . blank put out he cigar , stand . marta you want my insight into this family ? none of they be murderer . that 's my insight . blanc and yet . be it cruel or comforting , this machine unerringly arrive at the truth . that 's what it do . marta always ? he do a little bow . blanc tomorrow at eight . marta watch he go . int . cabrera live room - night marta get home . her mom be on the couch , zone out in front of the tv , still in a clean uniform . without a word marta sit next to she . stare at the tv . off she eye , we flash back with she : int . harlan thrombey' study - night - flashback harlan I know I miss something ... there 's go to be something I miss . but I know you can beat it . without lose you soul you have to do what you have to do to beat this , and win . marta I can not . harlan you can and you have to . for I . right now . 55 . she 's out the door and he shut it . int . outside harlan' attic office door - night - flashback marta stand freeze . Soft voice of Walt and Jacob float up from downstairs . she turn back to the door . silence . moment go by . shit . can she do this ? shit . no . she turn and push back into the office - int . harlan thrombey' study - night - flashback marta harlan I have to get you help - harlan recline on the couch in the middle of the room , ornate dagger against he throat . marta 's eye go wide . harlan do what I say and everything 's go to be ok , marta . I promise . she make a move to stop he and with one quick motion he draw the dagger across he throat . blood spray . she leap back , hand to she mouth , spin and leave the room , close the door behind she . ext . third floor landing - night - flashback breathe hard , silent cry . then she breathe slow . her brain take over . resolve settling . the dice be throw . she wipe she eye . then bound down the stair , out of frame . int . cabrera live room back to marta and she mom on the couch . she put she hand on Mom 's knee . marta everything 's go to be ok . I promise . mom ( of course ) I know . 56 . they go back to watch tv . but marta 's mind be buzzing . on she white sneaker , we see but she do not - one single drop of blood . ext . thrombey estate guard gate - morning the gate be open , marta 's car pull up just inside it . the small Guard house next to the gate , blanc , Elliott and wagner outside it . blanc wave to she . int . guard house thrombey 's security man , mr proofroc , guide they into the cramped dusty space . proofroc be old and salty . he show they old photo of the house , stick to a steel fridge with big brightly color fruit magnet . mr proofroc fifty year I work this estate , you know security back then mean make the round with a 94 , keep you ear open . before all this modern technology . nothing in the room be new than 1988 . a 8 inch crt monitor show a phosphorescent live feed of the road outside the gate , and a top load vhs vcr sit next to it . mr proofroc ( cont would ) well the video here , I save the tape from that night , usually I erase ‘em with the magnetic de - gauser , but I think better save that one . Cause , security . that 's the live feed there . marta notice something with alarm - the video feed show the road outside , and at the top edge you can just barely see the carve elephant that mark the gardener 's utility road . she realize harlan say harlan ( v.o . ) ... to avoid the security camera , pull off the road after the carve elephant . marta keep a poker face , but .. shit. 57 . lieutenant elliott ( to proofroc ) can we see the actual tape ? mr proofroc oh sure . clack ! the tape load into the mechanical vcr . a impossibly grainy , smear night vision view of the road outside the gate . time stamp : 10:02 pm . trooper wagner it 's like a japanese horror movie . mr proofroc ( proud ) I record it sslp , get eight hour per tape . nine pm to five be . blanc marta can we - ( to proofroc ) ( to marta ) can we scan forward ? can we scan forward ? mr proofroc hold the play button down and press the ff down halfway till you feel it grind . wagner do , the machine make horrible noise and the picture frizzle and frazzle . then stop and eject . mr proofroc ( cont would ) and hold the tape down or it will eject . blanc can you guy digitize it so we can scan it properly ? trooper wagner I be sure we can . marta I get it . marta grab the tape from the vcr . ext . wood - day they all hack through the overgrown gardener 's path . 58 . trooper wagner you know all this statue that you see around here - they be all straight out of he series the '' menagerie tragedy series " , pretty cool . lieutenant elliott ( dry ) awesome . blanc the grounds be lovely but you think what , someone break into the house ? to kill harlan ? be that why we be out here ? blanc I think it 's a unlikely but if they do , there will be trace . trooper wagner I will take that , thanks mar 'am . marta hand wagner the vhs tape . then she discretely pocket something she have hold in she hand next to it -a few of the bright fruit magnet from proofroc 's fridge . ext . thrombey estate side yard the group hike up out of the wood , towards the low wall with a small pedestrian gate that lead to the east lawn . marta be out in front . during the follow , she notice something : the earth around and under the gate be soft and bare . and clear as day : her footprint from the other night , the only one from woman 's shoe . the same one she have on now . her breath catch . shit . lieutenant elliott any luck with - whatshisname ? trooper wagner ransom . no , but we have a address . ten kenoak street . blanc ten kenoak . that 's a pleasant thing to say . kenoak . I awoke amid kenoak . trooper wagner ugh this mud , my boot be go to stink . 59 . blanc mud - have it rain the past week ? no - nobody move ! freeze ! everyone ! this footprint must not be disturb ! ( see ) marta ! marta have already walk through the pedestrian gate and up onto the lawn , step in she pre-exist print . she turn back , play dumb . marta what ? blanc do not - stop there , do not - marta I can not hear you , what ? she trot back to they through the gate , step into she return print . blanc no no no no do not - do not step on the , ok , alright . aughhhhh ok . marta what ? blanc sidestep up to the gate , not step in the mud . lieutenant elliott alright , wagner let 's get the boy on it , check the print , tape off this area , keep it clear . the dog come run down the lawn , bark at the man . they tear through the gate , further mess up the mud . marta hey boy , easy . hey . hey . she pet they and they quiet down . blanc best judge of character be a dog . I have find that to be true . the dog start barking and bolt towards the house , where Richard and Linda be pull up in they lux suv . 60 . lieutenant elliott they be do the will read at ten , whole family will be here soon . Elliott head up towards the house . blanc meander up the lawn , and marta follow . marta I have never be to a will read . blanc you think it will be like a game show . no. imagine a community theater performance of a tax return . they approach the side of the house . blanc do a gentle , meander study of the layout . marta steal a look at the trellis she climb . oh no . a piece of the white lattice trellis that break off when she be climb - about eight inch long - lie in the grass beneath it . her eye dart up - yup , there 's the break spot . shit . blanc ( cont would ) sweet bean marta start - do he spot it ? no - he 's come face to face with greatnana , stand stock still on the porch . she stare at he like a bird . blanc ( cont would ) good morning Mrs. thrombey . he approach she , slowly . when he back be fully turn marta take she shot and kick the piece of trellis under some thick bush at the base of the house . blanc and greatnana stare at each other . blanc get very close to she , great sympathy in he eye . greatnana stare back . it 's almost like they be communicate . this go on for a little too long . then blanc break from the trance , and turn to marta . blanc ( cont would ) do you think you could handle the study ? 61 . int . harlan thrombey' study the blood be now only a subtle dark stain , but other than that the room have be leave intact from the night of the party . marta and wagner observe as blanc pace the room . blanc ( to marta ) where 's you medical bag ? marta I ... do not know - I leave it here , I always leave it with harlan at night . trooper wagner they must have take it in as evidence . i'11 check on it . blanc pick up the go board and set it on the table . examine its grid idly . blanc how would the go board get knock over ? marta we be just goof around . ( beat ) what be you think ? blanc sigh gently , turn the baseball over in he hand . look like this be a bust . blanc tip the go board over , and it land on the carpet with a nearly inaudible whomph . he stare at it . but he concentration be break by sharp bark outside . they go to the tiny window and look out . a dashing man in he early 30 climb out of a vintage porsche . the dog go nut , bite at he pant leg . blanc let I guess . ext . thrombey estate front drive the man kick off the dog and limp toward the house , cursing . Lieutenant Elliott and trooper wagner step out onto the porch . lieutenant elliott Hugh drysdale ? 62. ransom ransom . call I ransom , my middle name . the help call I Hugh . lieutenant elliott I be Lieutenant Elliott , this be officer wagner , we would like to ask you a few question about the night of ransom uh huh . he blow past they and into the house . int . live room Walt , donna and Jacob ( nose in he phone ) sit around the room . Linda and Richard stand , on they phone . ransom breeze in , bump donna who yelp , startle . Elliott and wagner follow . trooper wagner Sir excuse I , we be officer of the law . ransom you gonna run I in ? I do not feel like talk . I be distraught . ransom disappear into the kitchen , come out eat a sleeve of pinwheel cookie . blanc and marta slip in . Elliott nod to blanc . lieutenant elliott blanc , anything you need to ask he ? ransom the hell anyway be this arrangement ? blanc Mr. drysdale ransom size up blanc with a grin . ransom CSI kfc ? ransom grab Fran the housekeeper 's sleeve as she walk by . 63 . ransom ( cont would ) hey frannie can you get I a glass of cold milk ? meg and joni have just enter , and meg hear this . meg hey asshole . not she name , not she job . Fran walk off with a scorching look at ransom . ransom meg. how 's you sjw degree come ? meg joni trust fund prick . alright . guy . alan steven , the family 's attorney , knock and enter with a assistant , sally , who juggle several attache case . alan hey everyone . hey . I be just go to set up in the other room , be ready in ten minute . they go off to the library , leave the family all together in tense silence . walt funny ransom , you skip the funeral but you be early for the will read . joni ok , people grieve in different way , let 's not walt ( to ransom ) it 's funny you be here at all . why be you even bother , that 's what I want to know . richard what 's that suppose to mean ? walt he know what it mean . linda Walt , what ? 64 . walt Jacob be in that bathroom the night of the party . joni be that where you be all night ? richard the hell be you do in the bathroom all night ? jacob nothing . meg swat syrian refugee . jacob no. meg alt right troll . jacob liberal snowflake . walt I do not know what any of that mean richard it mean you son 's a little creep . walt oh my son 's a creep ? joni guy ! Walt he be in the bathroom ... walt he be in the bathroom richard joylessly masturbate to picture of dead deer . walt ok you wanna go ? they go at each other and do some half - heart slap-fighting before Linda and joni break they apart . ransom 's loving this . 65 . ransom we gotta do this more often . linda alright ! enough . Jacob , we get where this be go . the bathroom 's next to harlan 's office , where he have the big fight with ransom . you hear something . spill it . jacob I just hear two thing . int . half bath - night of party - flashback Jacob on the toilet , hearing non distinct yell through a vent high in the wall . but two word poke through : harlan ( 0.s. ) ... my will ! int . live room jacob and then there be more shouting , but I also hear ransom say " I be warning you . " Walt raise he arm , triumphant . linda ransom ? what 's this mean ? he just eat cookie , silent . walt it mean dad finally come to he sense and cut this worthless lazy brat out of the will . ( to ransom ) and you better sell you little beamer and you better give you notice at that country club and kick whatever fashion drug you be on cause if you think after the bridge you have burn , the shit you have say and what you have put this family through for the past ten year that any of we be go to support you , be go to give you like dad use to say a single red dime you be nut . 66 . ransom look around the room . cold face . richard son. ransom ( mock gravity ) Father ? richard do harlan tell you he be cut you out of the will ? ransom yes . richard then he 's do what we be not strong enough to do - this might finally make you grow up . ransom be really slap by this but he do not let it show . linda I think it might be the best thing that could happen to you . ransom thanks - my mother , folk . joni it will not be easy for you but it will be good . nothing good be ever easy . ransom meg up you ass joni , you have get you tooth bit into this oh ‘up you ass ' very nice family tit so hard you homophobic privileged - ransom ( go down the line ) as a matter of fact - eat shit , how that ? in fact eat shit , eat shit - eat shit - definitely eat shit . eat shit . and now everyone be shouting at each other . blanc have hear enough . he set the baseball down on a side table , and drift out . marta follow he . 67 . ext . front porch blanc breathes in the air . marta join he . from inside the house , the shouting continue . marta what be that about will reading be boring ? blanc exception that prove the rule . Fran burst out of the live room , mutter fran asshole . she storm off around the house . a beat of think . then : blanc I be warning you . ransom say . I be warning you . one of the dog bound up the step to blanc . marta you hear ransom in there , it 's the kind of thing he say . when blanc go to pet he , the dog drop something to he foot with a clatter . marta freeze . marta ( cont would ) what 's he get there ? hey boy . you find a stick ? he 's always bring junk into the house - it 's the piece of break trellis . blanc pick it up , examine it , and suddenly he eye go sharp . ext . thrombey estate side yard holding the piece up as he study the trellis that run up the side of the house . marta run up beside he . blanc this look like a relatively fresh break - yes . right there . he 's spot the break spot on the trellis . just up from it , what look like a board window . 68 . blanc ( cont would ) wait - that do not make sense , where 's that window ? int . live room the whole family in a scream match , but blanc and marta walk through and up the stair . Three people notice : Elliott and wagner ( who follow ) and ransom ( who do not . ) int . third floor landing blanc look down the " dead end " hallway . marta join he , out of breath . blanc show I , but do not step on the carpet . it 's a runner rug , and marta delicately step on the wood siding as she go to the wall with the painting . and swing it open , revealing the window . trooper wagner it 's the trick window ! from " a kill for all season ! " Elliott and wagner at the top of the stair , and blanc motion they not to approach . blanc off the carpet ! he drop down to he knee , remove a loupe from he jacket , and hold it in he eye . then , he face inch from the carpet , he scan it . all the way to the window . then stop . blanc ( cont would ) traces of dry mud . I suspect they go the length of the hallway . marta footprint ? blanc no , just trace . lieutenant elliott depend on when it be last clean , it could be from anytime 69 . blanc but that would not explain this . he motion to the base of the window sill - obvious scuff of dry mud . marta wince . blanc toss the piece of trellis to Elliott . blanc ( cont would ) analyze this mud . it will match this trace , and you will find similar sample lead up the trellis on the side of the house . ( beat ) on the night of the party , somebody who do not want to be hear climb the step go to a great deal of trouble to break into harlan thrombey 's room . the game be afoot , eh Watson ? int . library - minute later the whole family assemble . marta stand in the back , with blanc , Elliott and trooper wagner . Alan Stevens , harlan 's attorney , sit at a table with papers in front of he , assistant Sally beside he . alan well . thank you all for get together like this , it be not legally necessary but I think because you be all in town and some of you be leave soon , it would be best - blanc Excuse I Mr. Stevens . as to that , lady and gentleman , I would like to gently request you all remain in town until the investigation be complete . should not be more than two day . lieutenant elliott he 's gently request , I be order . nobody move until we figure this out . nobody like this . linda what ? 70 . joni can we ask why ? have something change ? blanc no . joni no it have not change or no we can not ask ? blanc Mr. Stevens , please continue . alan right . well the other reason I think this gather would be , uh , beneficial be that as I tell Walt , harlan alter he will one week ago . he seal it and ask I not to submit it to the court for probate until after he death . so in case there 's any confusion about anything we be all together , we can talk . I can not imagine any of it will be that complicated , harlan 's asset include um sally ... the house alan the house which he own outright , um sally sixty million alan right in various cash account and investment , yes and of course the real asset be sole ownership of um sally blood like wine alan blood like wine publishing , he publishing company . ok . Walt 's wife put she hand on he knee . he squeeze it , smile tightly . 71 . alan ( cont would ) um , he do write up a statement when he make the recent change , he want it read first , so : ( read ) " some of you may be surprised by the choice I have make here . no pleasure be take in the exclusion , and its purpose be not to sow great discord in the family , quite the opposite . please accept it with grace and without bitterness . but do accept it . it 's for the best . " gently condescending eye shift to ransom . Linda see this , put she hand on she son 's hand , and he immediately get up and move to a chair in the corner . Alan 's assistant hand he a envelope and he remove a single sheet of paper with one short type paragraph . alan ( cont would ) ok . so - oh wow , yeah , not complex at all . this will be quick . " I harlan thrombey , be of sound mind and body , yada yada , my asset both liquid and otherwise , I leave in they entirety to marta cabrera . my entire ownership of blood like wine publishing I leave in its entirety to marta cabrera . the copyright of its catalog likewise I leave in its entirety to marta cabrera . the air around marta 's head go away . the room spin she 's not sure what 's happen . blanc be look at she . the whole family be look at she . Walt burst out of he chair and grab the will walt no . linda no . walt no. what ? ( beat ) that can not be - that can not be right 72 . richard walt what the genuine shit that can not be right it 's right alan it 's right donna begin to hyperventilate . she put she head between she knee , breathes deep . linda no no no no Alan this can not be legal , there be , we be he family walt richard we be he family , Alan he obviously be not , something - I do not know what but something be not be there safeguard against right here this ? and from the back of the room , slowly rise above the din of confusion and cursing , slowly draw even marta 's deer in the headlight attention ... ransom . laughing . loud and weirdly sincerely , tear down he cheek , laugh he head off . joni Alan there 's a mistake meg joni Mom if it 's what granddad no this be a mistake , this want be ours . linda Alan take that piece of paper and shove it up you ass and get out . and you cop , out ! they do not but ransom slip out , he child - like laughter trail after he . richard Linda - linda no , we need to talk and we need to fight this thing and we be not go anywhere . get out ! we be the thrombeys goddammit ! this be still we house ! 73 . a beat of silence . then all eye go to Alan . who look down at the will . his assistant Sally point helpfully . alan sorry , there 's , uh . " likewise the house at two deerborn drive and all belonging therein I leave to marta cabrera . Linda go for marta . linda you little bitch . do you know about this ? what do you do to he to make this happen , be you two what be you boink my father ? marta recoil , stumble back . meg " boink ? ' richard Linda ! jacob walt anchor baby . marta ! Jacob ! and Linda - please ! joni Linda please - marta , you need to tell we though , walt joni yes marta , do dad discuss you need to tell we this with you ? everything you know about this and we need to talk about this , walt richard this be not what dad want , Jesus do not mob the girl , this be not fair but we can let 's talk about this work this out the whole family be come towards she like zomby . blanc take she by the arm and steer she towards the door . blanc I think head have to cool a little , and in the meanwhile I would maybe run . 74 . ext . thrombey estate front drive marta stumble out of the house in a daze . behind she , the entirety of the family flood out after she , shouting reassurance and question and accusation and a general din of confusion . marta I - I have no idea why he - I just need to think - I will call you or have he call I or do something I do not know she get in she car and slam the door , and it 's instantly like a hard Day 's night - the family gather around try to talk through the window and rapping to get she attention . marta key the ignition - chug chug chug . nothing . oh god , not now - chug chug chug . it will not turn over . Richard open the door , she pull it close again and lock it , this be like a horror movie . blanc be try to get the family to back off but no dice . marta put she head in she hand , all of it swirl and echoing and horrifying , she have no idea what to do . honk ! she turn - a honk car pull up right beside she and through the family crowd she see ransom in he porsche , wave " get in . " with no other option she push out of she car and through the family and jump in with he . as he gun it and careen out of the driveway he shout back at the family with a wave ransom I think this could be the best thing to happen to all of you ! and they be go . the family keep shouting at each other . blanc watch the porsche recede , he expression unreadable . ding ! his phone buzzing . he check it . his expression darken . int . ransom's porsche tearing down the private road , away from the house . he 's still laugh , she 's still shell shocked . slowly , he laughter ease to a stop . a moment of silence . 75 . ransom ok seriously though , what the hell ? she shake she head , look at he . what the hell indeed . ext . roadside family restaurant - later the porsche park out front . int . restaurant - corner booth tucked into a dark corner , marta be miserable . ransom be bemuse , but regards she closely . they sit in silence . a waitress set a sausage plate down . ransom ( to the waitress ) could we get a extra bowl please ? ( to marta ) you look like you be gonna pass out . have you eat all day ? eat . she joylessly shovel food in she mouth , starve . marta this be a nightmare . ransom uh huh . so why . marta why ransom why . hey , this be everything . there have to be a bigger reason why and you know it . marta well ransom how about it have more to do with you guy than with I . ransom ( agree ) yeah . ( beat ) yeah that 's the only thing that make sense . 76 . marta be unexpectedly effect by this . the waitress breeze by , set a empty bowl on the table . marta do he tell you anything ? ransom just I be not get a cent . marta ransom he want you to build something from the ground something from the ground up , like you parent up , like my parent ransom ( cont would ) yeah . my mom build she business from the ground up with a million dollar loan from granddad . my dad own none of it , and mom make he sign a prenup . he life in fear . I know that 's what granddad want to protect I from by do this , and I know I should not say this out loud but when he tell I , Jesus Christ I coulda kill he . ( beat ) after I leave the party , though . I be drive fast , nowhere , just in the night . and I get this weird ... clarity . that from here on I be go to have to do for myself . and that feel ... good . the old bastard . ( beat ) marta I know three thing . one : I know he do not commit suicide . marta what make you think that ransom I do not think it . I know it . Cause I know my granddad . so you be not go to bullshit I . because two : I know lie make you puke . Cause of that mafia game last fourth of July . marta sink back , suddenly nervous . ransom ( cont would ) and three . I know that you just eat a full plate of sausage and baked bean . 77 . she look down at she empty plate . oh no . he push the large empty bowl in front of she . ransom ( cont would ) so look I in the eye . and tell I what really happen to my granddad . her lip quiver . she look like she might attempt it . but then tear drop from she eye . marta you bastard . ransom pull the bowl away , and put he hand on hers . ransom marta . tell I everything . ext . thrombey estate - evening dusk settles heavy . warm light from the window . walt ( 0.s. ) there have to be option here . alan ( 0.s. ) no . I do not know how many time I can repeat the same two simple piece of information . int . live room - evening lit by a fire in the fireplace , the whole family pace around , Alan the lawyer look very tired seat at a table in the center of the room . alan if harlan be of sound mind when he make the change , and we have all confirm he be richard linda would a sound person do the very action speak to this ! sound how ? unsoundness ! alan not legally no , you not like what they do do not speak to testamentary capacity . 78 . jacob what about undue influence ? walt yes ! undue influence ! alan ( weary ) do you just google that ? walt if marta be manipulate dad somehow , if we find out that she have linda walt gotten she hook into he somehow or something alan you need a strong case for that . you have get nothing . " she endear herself to he through hard work and good humor " will not cut the salami . joni what about the slayer rule ? all eye turn to she . her face be light by she phone . joni ( cont would ) I do just google that . alan the slayer rule obviously do not apply here . richard what the hell be the slayer rule ? joni it 's if someone be convict of kill the person they can not get they inheritance . alan not even convict , even if they be hold responsible for they death in civil court walt alan like oj like oj , yes . but harlan commit suicide . 79 . all eye turn to blanc , who this whole time have be sit in a chair by the fire , lose in think . joni detective blank . you say that the investigation be continue . you make a point of that . do you suspect foul play ? blanc mister blanc . if you please . ( beat ) there be much that remain unclear . but yes . I suspect foul play . the eruption you would expect break out . richard marta ? blanc I have eliminate no suspect . richard you be full of shit , I do not trust this guy in the tweed suit , and Alan god bless you you be useless . alan thank you . Alan take that as a excuse to leave . richard there 's one answer to this : she can renounce the inheritance . walt linda she know it 's what she should do , it 's the right we have gotta make she do the thing to do . right thing . meg round on she mom , speak quietly , in tear . meg Mom . if granddad want marta to have everything , that 's what he want . joni no , this be not he . he love we , he want we take care of . he want you to have a education . ( more ) 80 . joni ( cont would ) meg . you think I can pay for you school ? this leave meg shake . int . restaurant - night beer bottle now stack up in front of ransom . marta have just tell ransom everything . he stare into space , and make the slight hint of a laugh which I will write as : ransom heuh . marta I know , just say it it sound insane but it 's all true . I think blanc 's be on to I from the start - I do not care if I go to jail , but my mom ... my sister , we can not - nothing but silence from ransom . maybe he 's deep in think . a strange glint in he eye . marta ( cont would ) you go to say something ? ransom I always think I be the only one who could beat granddad at go . I always think that mean something . marta I know you do . ransom at the party , that night , my last conversation with he , we last fight , that 's what he tell I , about you . that you beat he nearly every time . more than I . and I think what a strange thing to tell I . but I think I get it now . I think it do mean something . ( beat ) I be not tell the family shit . you be not go to jail . that detective be not go to catch you . and you be not give up the family fortune . ( more ) 81 . ransom ( cont would ) think about what granddad do to see this through , this be what he want not just for you but for he family , and for he . and yes for you . you have come this far . let I help you go all the way . marta look at he hard . marta this be not you . you could turn I in right now and get you cut of the inheritance . why ? ransom because fuck my family . they do not deserve any of this . I can help you and we can fool they all and get away with it ... and then you will give I my cut of the inheritance . the perfect end , we all win . you , I and harlan . deal ? silence . Broken by marta 's phone ringing . on the phone id - " meg T " marta take a breath , look at ransom . and pick it up . marta meg meg ( on phone ) marta marta . oh that be nut . I know meg ( on phone ) be you ok ? marta yeah be you ? meg ( on phone ) I be fine , I mean everyone 's nut , they be all go , I do not know , they have lose it . no one know I be call you , I want to - I do not know what I want , I want to say sorry for how everyone be . marta meg ( on phone ) no ... and ... I guess I want to ask ... ( beat ) what be you go to do ? 82 . marta what do you mean ? meg ( on phone ) well the ... with the , will . what be you go to do ? marta look at ransom . what indeed . marta what do you think I should do ? meg ( on phone ) you should do what you think be ... right . I think you should give it back to we . granddad always take care of we , we be he family , I know he be like family to you but we be he actual family . marta you know this be not fair , we have always be good to you and we be go to take care of you , everyone love you and you be like family and we will take care of you but you have to make thing right , you know what 's right . marta , keep eye contact with ransom . then , she voice quavering , meg drop what be for she the big bomb : meg ( on phone ) ( cont would ) marta , mom 's break , she say I '1l have to drop out of school . marta no , no . I will not let that happen . ( beat ) whatever money you need meg , I '1l help you . I do not want you to worry . int . drawing room - night meg on the phone . her face horrify , mortify , barely comprehend what she 's just hear . marta ( on phone ) I will take care of you . I promise . meg thanks . marta ( on phone ) and once I get the - 83. meg hang up , let the phone drop from she ear . tear in she eye . she turn to she whole family gather behind she , silent and expectant . int . restaurant - night marta realize the connection 's dead , hold the phone in she hand like something delicate she just break . ransom ok then . do the detective find anything suspicious at the house ? marta ( in a daze ) mud. tracks upstairs - where I break in through the window . ransom wince . ransom identifiable print ? marta no . ransom good . ok. good . hey . you have just gotta ride the next few day out until the investigation putter out , cause it will , cause no matter how sharp this blanc guy be he 's get nothing . relax . int . marta' bedroom - early morning she wake to a sharp rapping at she door . her sister Alice poke she head in , flustered . alice marta get you ass up , what the hell be happen ? there 's a guy here and a bunch of stuff , everything 's go crazy , be we rich ?? marta lift she head from she hand . marta maybe , I dunno . 84 . alice I do not even know what that mean but you better get you ass up . marta look at she phone - 28 miss call . int . cabrera live room marta stumble in - Alice in front of the tv , mom pace . mom ( subtitle Spanish ) oh my god marta what be all this , what do you do ? the tv be tune to local news - a anchor stand outside there apartment build . local news anchor ( on tv ) ... we again we do not know much about marta cabrera or the exact relationship she have to harlan thrombey , beyond be he home nurse , and the thrombey family have yet to release a statement ... marta be that here ? alice oh yeah it be . wait so be that true ? be we rich ? marta look out the blind - several local reporter down in the street with they van and camera . marta oh my god . ext . thrombey estate front drive - day wagner 's prowler pull up . blanc get out of the passenger side . blanc nod to the wagner and the officer . int . greatnana's room dim . by a open window stand greatnana . blanc enter , she turn . they look into each other eye . a long pause blanc sit . 85 . blanc good Morning Mrs. thrombey . as he think of exactly the right word . blanc ( cont would ) why be grief the providence of youth ? I do not know . but I would imagine that age deepen all feeling . include grief . this be a long walk to offer condolence for the loss of you son . and ask you if it be not presumptuous of I to not think too harshly of you family , if I be as I suspect the first to console you . they be young be not they . blanc ( cont would ) one thing I do assume of age be weariness . damned if I do not get more tired every day . tire of what I do . follow arc , like lob rock . the inevitability of truth . but the complexity and the gray lie not in the truth but what you do with the truth once you have it . greatnana 's eye move slightly . he recline , back at he . sheer . blanc ( cont would ) I think you have something you want to tell I . I think you be very perceptive and very capable of tell I what you see the night of you son 's party . but I will happily wait . I be inno rush . I find it quite pleasant . sitting here with you . not particularly look at she . she look every now and then a breeze stir the window 86 . int . cabrera live room mom lawyer be here , very big lawyer it look like , and some other guy I do not know , they leave all this for you and business card , so many business card , and there be a pile of other stuff when I get home - Mom shovel some official look legal letter and courier envelope into marta 's arm . mom ( cont would ) ( subtitle Spanish ) hey . I do not like this . marta ( subtitle Spanish ) I do not like it either mom . I be slip out the back - I will be back later , do not talk to anyone . int . apartment build hallway dim and dingy . marta come out of they apartment door , then jump , startle - at the end of the hall , lurking : Walt . marta hey . Walt 's eye be rimmed red . his heavy cane tap . walt hey . they be not sure what to do so they awkwardly hug . marta still have the envelope in she hand . walt ( cont would ) how you do ? marta walt well . Walt I want you to know I do not know about any of this . this be I know you do not , we all go kinda crazy yesterday marta understandable walt you be still very important to all of we , I want you to know that . marta I have not even look at all this yet , this legal stuff , be this from you guy ? marta flip through the envelope , squinting . walt it be not from we . maybe just local lawyer and accountant who see the news and want to jump on it , I would be careful of it all . one envelope stick out - a blank plain letter size envelope , no postage , no return address . walt ( cont would ) marta . be it you intention to renounce the inheritance ? marta this be what harlan want . walt well . harlan have put you in a very hard position here . it be unfair of he . Walt 's hand on he cane . gripping tight . walt ( cont would ) you see what this kick up with the press and the scrutiny , and we know ... with you mother ... marta ... with my mother . marta 's spine straighten . marta ( cont would ) what do meg tell you . walt this be not about who - you be miss the point , we be not attack you with this . ( more ) 88 . walt ( cont would ) marta if you mom come here illegally , criminally , if you come into this inheritance with the scrutiny that entail I would be afraid that could come to light . that 's what we be all try to avoid here . we can protect you from that happen , or if it happen . marta you be say even if it come to light , with the family 's resource you could help I fix it . walt yes . the right lawyer , none of that local guy but New York lawyer , DC lawyer , enough resource put towards it , yes . but there 's no need it should ever even come up . but yes . marta ok. good . walt ok ? marta Cause harlan give I all you resource . so that mean with my resource I will be able to fix it . so I guess I be go to go find the right lawyer . walt marta . he shuffles towards she . for the first time she feel a hint of physical threat , and back up quick into she apartment . walt ( cont would ) you better be sure you want to - she slam the door int . cabrera kitchen and lean against it , breathe hard . but angry and focus . she dump the legal envelope in the trash but keep the mysterious envelope , open it and pull out : 89 . half a sheet of paper , roughly tear . a photocopy of the header of some sort of medical document , " office of the chief medical examiner " under that , a photocopy of a tag with she name on it . and hand write in block letter at the top : " I know what you did . " marta 's phone buzy , and she jump . caller id : " maybe B blanc " . she hesitates , then send it voicemail . look at the mysterious letter in she hand . int . ransom's live room ransom study the mysterious letter . marta push aside a stack of New yorker and sit on the couch . ransom well I do not know what this be from indicating the tag photocopy with she name . marta it 's my medical bag tag . they have my medical bag . for some reason . ransom ok , but this be just a photocopy of the header of a blood toxicology report , from the local crime lab . on harlan . marta , it would show the morphine overdose . marta so I be screw ! how do you know all this stuff ? ransom I be harlan 's research assistant . for a summer . he sip he morning coffee . ransom ( cont would ) but what kind of blackmail scheme be this ? I mean the actual evidence be sit up the street at the crime lab . what be the point of send you this ? ext . norfolk road sire blaze , the cop car speed into town . 90 . ext . medical examiner office the cop car pull past a identify sign into the parking lot of a one story stand alone building , join several other cop car , and fire truck . journalist keep at bay . the building be a char brick husk . Black smoke , debris . it 's be gut with a explosion and a blaze fire . blanc step out of the cop car and find Lieutenant Elliott . blanc what 's the cheese ? lieutenant elliott five am , security system here be all trigger . it go up quick . blood store , record , all go . no employee around , thank god . blanc any surveillance cam ? Elliott gesture wearily to the char remain of a security camera on the smoking shell of a awning . lieutenant elliott and speak of security , the security tape from the thrombey residence be scramble . for some reason . blanc unsurprise . he motion back to the building . blanc what be still pend from the autopsy ? lieutenant elliott the report on the blood work . blanc blood work ? blanc chew on this . across the street , marta and ransom pull up in she car . int . marta' car marta Holy shit . this be insane . 91 . ransom look at she - yeah it 's likely . they both instinctively duck down in case the cop look over . marta ( cont would ) who would blow up a whole real official building just to blackmail I ? ransom marta this mean that the blackmailer have the only paper copy of the thing that can prove you guilt . you do not get any other instruction , no phone call no email , no nothing ? marta look stunne . she stab at she phone , quick swipe . marta ...nothing ... I do not check my email . she show he a email from 092832@shushmail.com . no subject line , simple text : 1209 Columbus rd 10 am ransom that 's it . 1209 Columbus Road , 10am . marta look at ransom , then at the clock on she dashboard - 9:32 , then at the char building . ext . medical examiner office blanc look around , deep in think . he spot marta 's car . int . marta' car marta peek up through the window . blanc see she . she see he . duck back down . shit. ransom you know what this mean right ? if you destroy that copy you be totally within the clear . blanc begin to walk straight towards marta . quickly and with purpose . shout something , Lieutenant Elliott follow . ransom ( cont would ) marta . do you hear I . 92 . marta peek again - blanc come at they full speed . twenty pace from the car . close in fast . marta yeah . she sit up , throw the car in gear and floors it . ext . medical examiner office her subcompact peel out and buzze off down the road . blanc , crestfallen , run back towards the cop car in the parking lot , shouting at Elliott , who flag a cop . int . marta' car the whine of the engine , ransom put on he seat belt . in the rear view , siren light as cop car pour out of the parking lot in pursuit . marta you regret help I yet ? ransom I regret not take the beamer . her phone buzze - blanc call . ignore . ext . norfolk road marta buzzing down the road , cop car a quarter mile back . int . cop car blanc in back , Elliott in front , trooper wagner drive . trooper wagner ( on radio ) lieutenant elliott vehicle in pursuit in ( into radio ) Washington Street no force - repeat that . possible murder suspect . they speedometer creep up on 85 int . marta' car marta 's speedometer creep up on 55 . 93 . marta ransom oh my god oh my god oh my be you flooring it ? god I be literally flooring it her phone ring - blanc again . she look over - cop car be right alongside they . blank hold he phone up , look at she quizzically . point to the phone . ransom ( cont would ) this be go well . marta this be stupid , I be pull over ransom if you miss you shot at get that tox report it 's all over ... marta aaauuuuuawwwaaagghhhh she hit the brake . ext . norfolk road marta 's car peel to a stop and the two cop car on either side blaze by , hit they brake . she pull off onto a side STREET and into narrower city street , down narrow alley , use she small car to nimbly dart though small space . the cop can not follow , and she lose they . she pull to a stop in a secluded little back lot . int . marta' car marta , breathe hard . ransom be shocked . 94 , marta ransom ok . I be all just pure adrenaline now it 's like I swallow bee . what 's the the whatsitcalled address 1209 Columbus road . ok . and I just - I mean whatever they want , I just say yes right , just to get that report back . and destroy it . and destroy it . ransom . thank you . I could not do this without you . he smile slightly . a quick moment of silence between they . then : rap rap rap on ransom 's car window . blanc . stand right outside . marta look in she rear view - the cop car have pull up silently behind they . another pull up in front . ext . parking lot ransom and marta step out of the car , hand raise for some reason . lieutenant elliott that be the dumbest car chase of all time . put you hand down . blanc ( to marta ) I speak to wanetta thrombey , greatnana . the night of the party she see someone climb the trellis to the third floor . lieutenant elliott Mr. drysdale , come with we please . Elliott lead ransom off by the elbow . ransom throw a look back at marta - he have no idea what 's go on . marta what 's go on ? blanc '' ransom come back " she say . I do not know what he come back to do , but we will find out . 95 . marta look at ransom - oh no . senile greatnana think she be he . this be a mistake . but ... she glance at she watch - 9:51 . blanc ( cont would ) do he ask you to drive when he see I come ? ransom 's be lead to the police car . marta decide : marta yes . marta get back in she car . she pretend to take a sip from a empty soda cup , but actually spit up a little into it . lieutenant elliott ( 0.s. ) blanc . come with we ? blanc ( 0.s. ) ( to Elliott ) I will drive with marta . to marta 's horror blanc open she passenger door . blanc let 's go to the police station , I want a full run down of everything he say to you , and I can catch you up on where we be at . ext . norfolk road cop car coast through town , marta 's bring up the rear . int . marta' car marta glance at the dashboard clock - 9:55 . blanc , casual : blanc strange case from the start . a case with a hole in the middle . a donut . I be just talk through my process here , let I know if this be boring . marta 's arm be lock , she eye steal a glance at the clock - 9:58 . blanc ( cont would ) I feel the noose tightening - the family be truly desperate . ( more ) 96 . blanc ( cont would ) desperate motive , the mystery of who hire I , the impossibility of the crime , and yet - up ahead , a street sign - " Columbus Road . " marta tense . blanc ( cont would ) a donut ! one central piece , and if it reveal itself the fog would lift , the arc would resolve , the slinky become unkinked marta do you mind if I stop for a second . I need to pick something up . it will be very quick . blanc sure . ext . norfolk road marta 's car make a sharp turn , leave the cop caravan . ext . 1209 columbus road a row of storefront - 1209 be vacant . marta 's car pull a few store past it . she get out of the car . marta I will just be a few minute . marta run into a bustling hair salon . ext . back alley marta duck out the back door of the salon , go two door down to 1209 , and slip into the back door . int . 1209 columbus road Dark , empty retail space . lit only by the paint - over front window . marta edge she way in , she eye still adjust from the sun . marta hello ? her foot hit something on the dirty concrete floor . 97 . her medical bag . she kneel , pick it up gently . next to where it be lie , she find something else curious - the burn remnant of a piece of paper . only a char corner remain . she turn she attention back to the room . creep forward . marta ( cont would ) hello ? ahead - a silhouette . a person . seat in a chair , in the center of the room . Silent , face she . marta ( cont would ) listen I do not know what you want . whatever you want we can work it out , but we have to figure it out right here , right now , and I be leave with that report . a beat of silence . nothing . something 's not right here . marta ( cont would ) hello ? marta take a step closer , lift she phone , and turn on its flashlight . illuminate the ghostly face of fran , the housekeeper . marta , barely breathe : marta ( cont would ) Fran ? a spider crawl across Fran 's face . marta stifle a scream and leap back , suck in air . a moment of stillness . her phone buzy - blanc call . marta ignore the call , freeze . her eye go to : a white letter size envelope in Fran 's hand , rest on she lap . marta swallow . leans in , carefully and quietly for some reason , and slip the envelope from the lifeless finger . unseal . she open it . it be empty . 98 . before this can even sink in , a rattling , grate draw of breath - from Fran . marta start - oh my god - and go to she , check a pulse , check she eye , lay she on she back . Fran suck in thin breath , she eye find marta in the glare of the drop phone flashlight . marta ( cont would ) Fran ! Fran ! can you hear I ? Fran , give I a sign if you can hear I ! fran you marta me? Fran it 's marta , you call I here , you send I the email , I be here . I be go to call a ambulance and you be go to be ok but can you tell I what happen , do you take something , what 's happen to you - weak , Fran grab marta 's wrist , and marta focus on she . fran ... copy ... copy marta what ? fran ... stashed ... this word be barely give breath : fran ( cont would ) you ... do this ... will not ... get away .. with this her eye seize . her breath get rag . marta be paralyze with shock and fear . Fran be die . marta look at the medical bag in she hand . then at Fran , struggle with she final breath , eye wide with fear . she take a step back from the die Fran . finger tight around the medical bag . letting she die . but then , a decision : no . marta dial 911 on speaker , drop to she knee and start administer mouth to mouth . 99 . phone 911 , what be you emergency ? ext . 1209 columbus road blanc sit in the car , sing softly to himself . blanc sometimes I stand in the middle of the room ... not go leave ... not go right ... he look at the hair salon - what 's take so long ? and then siren , as a ambulance pull up two door down , and emt 's run into the abandon storefront . blanc ( cont would ) oh lord . hard CUT to : int . hospital waiting room - later marta and blanc sit silently in the fluorescent - light wait room . marta with she face in she hand . blanc be on he phone , mostly listen . blanc ( listen ) alright my friend , thank you for the update . no I be here with she . no need for that , I will bring she in once we get word that the housekeeper be stable . it 's still touch and go . ( listen ) alright . he hang up . marta look at he . marta this be over . people be get hurt . I be go to tell you the truth . blanc Young ransom just tell Lieutenant Elliott everything . who just tell I everything . 100 . marta blanc good . wait god I hope he do not cover for I , do he tell the real truth , about I switch the- yeah and the disguise and all the- yes and the blackmail with the- mm. marta but why do Fran take my morphine ? obviously she have swipe my bag from the house , but she do not seem like a user to I , unless that 's why she need money ... ( beat ) I dunno , do not matter . I should tell the thrombeys myself , I feel like I owe that to they . blanc I do not think that 's a good idea marta no , I need to do it . I will not do any of this if I can not do that . I really need to . I give the doctor my number , they will call if anything change with Fran . blanc we will round up the thrombeys at the house , along with a police escort . marta for the arrest after . blanc you can tell I you whole story on the drive over . I want no more surprise . marta stand , a dead man walk , resign . ext . norfolk road marta 's car drive through the scenic countryside . Inside we see but do not hear she tell a long story to blanc , who look at the pass countryside , brow knit . 101 . ext . thrombey estate front drive - afternoon all the family car there , along with two police cruiser . marta 's pull up . int . marta' car marta ... Said it be stashed , the copy , and then she tell I " you do this , you will not get away with it " and then I call the ambulance . and that 's it . she turn the engine off . look up at the house . breathes . blanc alright . be you ready ? int . foyer marta and blanc enter . this really feel like a walk towards the gallow . Richard , Walt and meg be there . meg avoid eye contact with marta . richard ah . ok , have she come to she sense ? walt she 's stand right there Richard she can speak for herself - blanc be the rest of the family here ? walt blanc in the live room . I think maybe , if we could ... blanc beckon , and Richard and Walt file out . on she way out meg hug marta , weep . meg I be sorry , I be so sorry I tell they about you mom . I be angry and scared , I be sorry marta it 's ok , meg. I understand . believe I . it 's alright . meg sniff , dry she eye . 102 . meg God I be so raid Fran 's stash after this . they hug one more time . then when meg walk off towards the live room , marta realize something . blanc walk back . blanc I still think this be a bad idea , but the family be assemble . marta ( to blanc ) I know where the tox report be . int . drawing room marta jimmy the clock drawer open with a letter opener . she pull a fold piece of paper from inside , blow loose pot leave off it . she hand it to blanc . marta she practically tell I where it be . anyway this will tie everything up . and I just hand it to you , god you be you be not much of a detective be you ? blanc to be fair you be a pretty lousy murderer . perhaps we deserve each other . int . live room the family gather , impatient . Lieutenant Elliott and trooper wagner be there too , with another uniform officer . ransom sit in the corner , he face passive . marta gulp . blanc be a few step behind she . as she speak , he unfold and read the tox report . marta um . you guy have always be good to I . and what I be about to say be not go to be easy , and you be go to be upset , but especially after everything you have go through the past few day , I think you deserve to hear it from I . 103 . Walt smile at she , '' you be do the right thing . " marta take a deep breath . blanc have finish read the report . he refold it carefully . marta ( cont would ) blanc Excuse I . you have not be good to she . you have all treat she like shit to steal back a fortune that you lose and she deserve . you be a pack of bloody vulture at the feast , but you be not get bail out , not this time . ( beat ) Ms. cabrera have decide definitively not to renounce the inheritance . walt what ? marta what ? blanc furthermore it will be my professional recommendation to the local authority that the manner of death in the case of harlan thrombey be rule as suicide , and the case be close . ransom what ? marta blanc what ? no , blanc - thank you all for come goodbye . he firmly guide marta out by the elbow . a beat of silence . richard be anybody else confuse ? as the family break out in hubub , Linda notice she dad 's old baseball on the side table where blanc leave it . what 's that do here ? she pick it up . 104 . int . library blanc steer marta into the library , as sound of hubub and shouting come from the other room . marta what the hell ? I want to come clean , this be over - blanc almost . Elliott burst in , motion to the live room , then marta , then blanc . lieutenant elliott what - with - what ? blanc I be sorry - officer wagner ! wagner enter . blanc ( cont would ) please keep the family out of this room and get they out of the house if you can . but stand by with you additional officer . trooper wagner get the family out ? blanc yes but not all of they . blanc whisper something to wagner , who nod and exit . lieutenant elliott blanc c'mon , what 's all this Drama . blanc indulge I . marta sit . Elliott remain stand . marta blanc . I tell ransom , ransom tell you , I be tell you now - it be a immovable fact that I kill harlan . blanc yes you do , yes he do , yes you be , but . but . ( more ) 105 . blanc ( cont would ) I speak in the car about the hole at the center of this donut . and yes , what you and harlan do that fateful night seem at first glance to fill that hole perfectly . a do nut hole in the donut 's hole . but we must look a little closer . and when we do , we see that the donut hole have a hole in its center - it be not a do nut hole at all but a smaller donut with its own hole , and we donut be not whole at all ! lieutenant elliott blanc I understand that this be amusing for you - blanc why. was. i. hire ? why would someone hire I ? lieutenant elliott someone fishing for any crime that could help reverse the will . blanc I be hire before the seal will be read . yes , the person must have know the content of the will . but one step further - that same person must have know a crime be commit , and further , if the intent be to reverse marta 's inheritance , they must have know that marta be responsible . ( beat ) a intrigue combination of factor . someone who know what marta do , want to expose it , but could not reveal how they know . marta Fran ? she be blackmail I , she know what I do blanc but Fran want money , ergo she do not want the crime expose . lieutenant elliott do someone in the family see marta do something suspicious ? 106 . blanc they would have have no reason to not speak up . no . the answer be not so simple . blanc sit , suddenly weary . blanc ( cont would ) now with the entire solution in my field of view , the arc of this case be a tragedy of error . and marta , it will not be easy to hear . but there be at least one truly guilty party behind it all , guilty in the true sense of act with malice , and commit a heinous crime with selfish intent . ( call ) trooper wagner . marta ( stunne ) trooper wagner ?? blanc squint at she . no. a moment later wagner lead ransom in . ransom look at marta softly , sadly . ransom marta I be sorry . I tell they everything , I figure it be all up . I be sorry . marta it 's alright ransom , I be glad you do . blanc not exactly everything though . marta be this about what greatnana tell you ? she see I that night , she mistake I for ransom blanc we will get to that . but first , Mr. Hugh ransom drysdale , you might tell we all why you hire I . ransom why I hire you ? 107 . blanc you be right , let 's back up . to the night of the party . you argument with harlan . what be the overhear word by the Nazi child masturbate in the bathroom - " my will " and " I be warning you . " you and harlan be '' drama mama , " you share a love of twist the knife into one another . I do not believe he would have slip it in halfway - no , I submit that harlan tell you everything . int . SMALL study - night of party ransom and harlan face each other . int . library ransom you can not be serious . harlan not a red dime or word of my work to a single one of they , you include . blanc marta , remind I what ransom say he conversation with harlan end with . marta harlan tell he that I could beat he in go . blanc and I ask myself - marta ? why would the topic of the will have steer around to marta ? there be one obvious explanation ... int . SMALL study - night of party ransom you be not this crazy . you would not just throw you fortune away harlan no . I be give it to marta . all of it . 108 . ransom ha . to you brazilian nurse be you goddamn insane . harlan ransom I be sane for the first time I be go to stop this in my life and I have do it harlan , I - I have make the change to my will it 's do ransom ( cont would ) I be warning you ! push into a vent in the wall . int . library ransom that be some heavy duty conjecture . blanc grant . but it 's the only way what come next make sense . so you storm out , you drive off into the night . you tell marta later of what be it , feel a overwhelming sense of ... marta clarity . that he have to make do for himself from here on out . blanc exactly . ext . norfolk road - night of party ransom 's porsche skid to a stop on the side of the empty road . sit idling . blanc ( v.o. ) marta . the will . harlan . " you will not get away with this . " do for yourself . and a plan form . a beat . then the porsche roar into a skid u- turn and drive back the way it come . 109 . ext . private road - night of party ransom 's porsche kill its light and drive slowly down the private road , hook a leave at the carve elephant that mark the utility road . blanc ( v.o. ) you return , careful to avoid the gate 's security camera range . ext . wood - night of party the porsche park , ransom hack he way through the wood . blanc ( v.o. ) then on foot up towards the house , ext . thrombey estate side yard - night of party the party be still go on inside . ransom slip through the side gate , up towards the house , and up the trellis . blanc ( v.o. ) you sneak in , up the trellis so as not to be see by the rest of the family , who be still have they party downstairs . int . third floor landing - night of party the painting wall swing aside , and ransom climb through , leave mud trace on the sill and the carpet . he head straight down the narrow hall and into harlan 's bedroom . the party din from downstairs . blanc ( v.o. ) what you need to do will take moment . but it be essential you be alone , and undetected . ransom disappear into the darken doorway . blanc ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) you know the medication harlan take . you know what marta would be inject he with that night . ( more ) 110 . blanc ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) and you know if marta be responsible for he death , even unintentionally , the slayer rule would nullify the change will , and you would get you share back . int . harlan' bedroom Dark and still . marta 's medical bag , open . ransom have unwrapped two syringe and have the two vial out - the toradol and the morphine ( the " good stuff . " ) use the syringe he extract the liquid from both vial ... and then inject the liquid back into the opposite vial . he switch the medication . blanc ( v.o. ) you use the syringe in the kit to switch the liquid in the two medication vial . and as a final precaution , you take the naloxone , the life save antidote . replacing the vial he take a injection pen , close the bag up and leave . int . library marta be stunne , she can not even process this . marta no , no that 's impossible . blanc it be the truth . Hand I that vial of morphine , I will show you . blanc have place two identical vial on the table behind marta . her mind be still spin , she glance at they , take one and absently hand it to he . marta if he do that , if the med be switch , then when I get they mix up ... ( oh my god ) I accidentally switch they back . but then I give harlan 111 . blanc the correct dose . yes . but not accidentally . I tape over the label of this two vial . blanc show white tape over the one she just hand he . pick up the other vial , show the same . blanc ( cont would ) the vial themselves be identical . how do you know that this be the morphine ? marta I ... just know blanc you know because there be the slight , almost imperceptible difference of tincture and viscosity between the liquid . you know because you have do it a hundred time . you give he the correct medication . because you be a good nurse . marta then harlan be ... blanc I be sorry marta . but yes . harlan be perfectly fine . he unfold the tox report and hand it to she . blanc ( cont would ) his blood be normal . the cause of death be truly , solely suicide , and you be guilty of nothing but some damage to the trellis and a few amateur theatrics . in fact if he have listen to you , he would be alive today . marta be white as a ghost . she shudder , buckle over . lieutenant elliott hot damn . blanc a twisted web , and we be not finish untangle it . not yet . ( more ) 112 . blanc ( cont would ) marta when greatnana spot you climb down the trellis she say ext . thrombey estate side yard - night of party marta face greatnana , who say : greatnana ransom ? be you back again already ? blanc ( v.o. ) be you back again already , because earlier that night - CUT to : the exact same scene but ransom hop down off the trellis , and be startle by greatnana stare at he . greatnana ransom , you be back ! he put he finger to he lip - shhh , and blow a kiss as he walk off into the night . int . library marta with she finger on she temple , still unbely . ransom marta c'mon . ( to blanc ) this be stoopid with two o's and you do not have a shred of evidence , you be just spin a fairy tale . blanc not a shred no , just as we have no real proof of marta 's mixing up the vial so it 's you word against - ransom you have she confession ! the sharpness of this make marta look at ransom for the first time . blanc ah right , we do have that . if you will indulge I , I would like to spin a little further . 113 . ext . thrombey estate side yard - night of party - flashback moonlit , silent . blanc ( v.o. ) much later that night you would have to come back to the house , to break back in and retrieve the incriminate tampere vial . a dark figure , ransom , approach the side gate . but when he open it , the two dog come bound across the lawn , bark loudly . blanc ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) however , this time the dog be outside . they bark . waking meg. a light go on upstairs . the dog keep bark , paw on the gate . ransom back off . blanc ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) no matter . you will get the vial tomorrow . int . library blanc but tomorrow bring news not of a medical error and guilty nurse , but of a slit throat and suicide !? int . ransom's apartment live room - day a nervous ransom tear a clipping from the local newspaper about harlan 's death , stuff in it a envelope with a huge fold of cash , and address it to blanc . the New Yorker profile open on the couch . blanc ( v.o. ) now the circumstance be perfect for the anonymous hire of a I : you know a crime have be commit by marta , you need she to be catch for it , you can not reveal how you know . int . library blanc enter benoit blanc. 114 . Elliott can not help but roll he eye . lieutenant elliott benny look I hear what you be say trooper wagner quickly shush Elliott , enthralled by every word blanc say . blanc the body be discover early the next morning . the police , the medical examiner , the family , everyone swarm in , ( to ransom ) and there be no possible way you can get to marta 's medical bag to remove the vial . you must wait for you moment , when the investigation be over and you know the house will be empty . and that be why you miss the funeral . int . third floor landing - afternoon - flashback ransom bound up the stair , climb under the police tape block harlan 's study , and enter . blanc ( v.o. ) there be no one home to wonder why you be go into harlan 's study . or so you think . Fran come around the corner , spot ransom and be about to say something , but do not . blanc ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) poor Fran . she witness you tamper with harlan 's medication in the medical bag . she do not know what you be do . but she know you be up to no good . and so she mind begin to turn . ransom pocket the two incriminate vial from the medical bag and replace the naloxone pen . when he stand to go she retreat . 115 . int . library marta oh god that movie she tell I about , with danica mckellar , that 's what she be talk about - trooper wagner deadly by surprise . blanc she love harlan . she hate ransom . so the poor girl decide to test she theory and make this asshole pay . she get a copy of the toxicology report , I will be honest I have no idea how marta she have a cousin - she tell I , she have a cousin who work as a receptionist at the examiner office ! blanc well voila . the number mean nothing to she , but if ransom be guilty its existence be a threat , so she photocopy the header and make she blackmail note . marta so why do she send it to I ? blanc she do not . she send it to ransom . int . ransom's live room - day - flashback ransom walk in sorting mail - find the blank envelope , read the blackmail note inside , and slowly grin . blanc ( v.o. ) and when ransom first get it , what be he reaction ? elation ! he still think marta give harlan the tampere drug ! a blood tox report will prove marta 's guilt ! int . library 116 . - day - flashback the will read , the family assemble . ransom sit in back , a sly smile on he face as the will be read . blanc ( v.o. ) he go to the will read in high spirit , ready to see the family tear themselves apart , secure in the knowledge that it will all be undone when the tox report come to light . and then ... int . restaurant - night - flashback beer stack up . marta have just confess . ransom 's face be unreadable . int . library blanc round blanc ( v.o. ) marta 's confession . and everything turn on its head . now he realize that marta have commit no crime , and the tox report will prove she innocence . the change will be go to stand . he have lose . unless . on ransom . blanc unless you decide . int . restaurant - night - flashback ransom give marta he pep talk - int . library ransom ... you be not go to give up the money . blanc you be not go to give up the money . 117 . int . restaurant - night - flashback ransom you have come this far ! int . library blanc you have come this far . just one step further . just one last act , in for a penny , in for a pound . you decide . you be in . close on : a lighter ignites a rag stuff in a tin gas can . the can : be throw through a window in a brick wall . int . medical examiner office morgue - flashback empty , dark . the flame can fall in slow motion from the high window . Hit the floor , ignites . blanc ( v.o. ) step one : destroy all evidence of marta 's innocence . the flame dance in the reflection of a glass case of refrigerate blood sample . blanc ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) step two : int . ransom's apartment - live room - night / day ? close on : the blackmail note - at the bottom be write " 1209 columbus road 8 am " a hand tear this bottom part off , then put the top half in a envelope . blanc ( v.o. ) send marta the anonymous email with a late morning rendezvous time , close on : a email address to marta be type on a phone , " 1209 columbus road 10 am " int . apartment back hallway - night - flashback ransom creep down the hall , slip the envelope into the letter slot of marta 's door . 118 . blanc ( v.o. ) and deliver she the blackmail note . ext . 1209 columbus road - morning - flashback ransom 's porsche pull up . he get out , pull on glove . blanc ( v.o. ) step three : keep you appointment with Fran . int . 1209 columbus road - 8 am - flashback Fran stand in the middle of the room , nervous . she turn as ransom walk in and stride towards she . fran I know it . I know you be a no good son of a bitch , I know harlan would not have just kill himself . ransom yes , you be right Fran . ransom see the medical bag on the floor , kneel and pull something out of it . fran I know you be guilty as shit . now you be gonna pay for it do not come near I I be warning you I - but he 's upon she , hand over she mouth , stifling she scream as he push the syringe into she neck and push the plunger . minute later - she inert body in the chair . he fish through she pocket , find the envelope , and take the tox report from it , leave the empty envelope in she hand . on he way out : light the tox report on fire , drop it burn next to marta 's bag . we stay with it as it burn away . blanc ( v.o. ) now the board be set . marta will get the blackmail note . you will put the piece together for she - the tox report , she one chance at get away with it all . you will guide she to the rendezvous . ( more ) 119 . blanc ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) you will make a anonymous call to the police , they will catch she there with the body and the burn evidence . marta will be arrest for kill Fran ... and harlan . int . library marta she say - int . 1209 columbus road - flashback marta hold Fran on the floor , she die word - fran you ... do this ... int . library marta she do not say " you do this , " she be not talk about I , she say int . 1209 columbus road - flashback exact same moment but this time we hear - fran Hugh ... do this ... int . library marta Hugh do this . Cause you make the help call you Hugh . Cause you be a asshole . blanc ( to ransom ) it would have work . if we have not bring you in for question , so you could not make you anonymous call . and if Fran have not stashed a safety copy of the tox report . int . 1209 columbus road - flashback marta turn away from the die Fran . blanc ( v.o . ) and if marta have not outplay you once again . 120 . marta turn back , call 911 , give mouth to mouth to Fran . blanc ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) by have a kind heart . by save Fran 's life , though it mean she lose the inheritance and go to jail . she do not play you game , she save Fran 's life . int . library for the first time , ransom look afraid . ransom Fran 's alive ? marta 's phone start to ring . they all see the caller id - it 's the hospital . blanc ( to marta ) oh yes . Fran , who will confirm this fairy story or something close to it . ( to ransom ) and will send you , Hugh , to jail . she answer the call , put the phone to she ear . marta yes . a long beat , then she face break in relief . marta ( cont would ) yes . thank you doctor , that 's great news , we will be there soon . she hang up . and smile with radiant joy . marta ( cont would ) she 's okay . ( to blanc ) she 's ready to talk . 121 . ransom stare at marta , he face a mask . blanc trooper wagner , if you would keep Mr. drysdale in custody while Lieutenant Elliott , Ms. cabrera and myself go to the hospital to take Fran 's statement . ransom stand . step to marta , who 's freeze , look in he eye . his poker face break . and he grin . ransom I want to say this just to you , not to a courtroom of camera , just to you because you know it 's the truth : we allow you into we home . we allow you to take care of granddad , to be part of we family and now you think you can steal it from we ? you think I be not go to fight for we birthright , we home , we ancestral family home ? blanc harlan buy this house in the eighty . from a pakistani real estate baron . ransom oh shut up blanc , shut up ! shut up with that kentucky fry fog horn rag-horn drawl . yeah I kill Fran but I guess I do not , so what do you have on I . nothing what ? attempt murder - ( to blanc ) I get arson for the bombing , maybe a few other charge , with a good lawyer I will be out before you know it . face to face , ransom 's face hateful , marta 's strong and set . ransom ( cont would ) ( to marta ) and then you will see just how much hell I can wreak on you life , you vicious little bitch . but then ... marta 's face start to do thing . odd thing . convulse . her jaw clenches . her cheek bulge . and the projectile vomit into ransom 's face . 122 . ransom ( cont would ) augh ! what the shit ! he fall back cursing , she drop to she knee , spitting . wagner , inappropriately excited : trooper wagner that mean she be lie ! marta that 's right , Fran 's dead . ( to ransom ) and you just confess to she murder . ransom take this in . then he smirk . ransom well . in for a penny ... in one fluid motion he spin to the ornamental wall of knive , grab one - blanc no ! and tackle marta ... time slow as blanc and Elliott lunge to stop he but it 's too late - ransom and marta fall together , he arm arcing down and as the they hit the ground he arm come down plunging the knife up to the hilt in her chest . they lie still , breathe hard . her eye wide with pain and horror . his cold and wild . but then she blink . squint . and he cock he head . realizing something . withdraws the knife from she chest . its fake blade have retract into the handle . it 's a theatrical prop . he pump it up and down a few time , the spring make a pathetic toy noise . ransom smirk . 123. ransom shit and be violently tackled out of frame by trooper wagner . leave marta lie on she back . blanc shouting if she 's alright , Elliott and wagner wrestle ransom into cuff , it all fade into the background as she hold the knife and stare at the ceiling . int . SMALL study close on : harlan 's old baseball be set carefully back in place . by Linda . she 's about to leave , but she notice the pink envelope on the desk . pick it up , take out the blank note . seem to recognize it , and smile sadly . ext . thrombey estate front drive - later Linda come outside and join the family . several more police car , and a ambulance . ransom be load into the cop car . his family be hold at bay by officer , but they react in different way - Richard yell at the cop . Walt sobbing , donna collapse against he , Jacob on he phone . joni stare into space , ruin . meg talk to Lieutenant Elliott , cry . she 's just learn about Fran . Linda watch the circus , strangely disconnect , go to light a cigarette . with a strange smirk , she use the flame to warm the blank note from the office , and hidden writing start to appear - a note from she father . they secret communication . as the letter appear , she face change . int . live room marta sit , a blanket over she shoulder . a officer who 's just take she statement walk away . blanc approach . marta can I ask . at what point do you suspect I have something to do with harlan 's death ? 124 . blanc from the moment you first set foot in front of I . tap she shoe . the tiny , fade spot of blood . marta oh my god . blanc I want you to remember something very important : you win not by play the game harlan 's way , but yours . through the window she see the family outside . marta I should help they . right ? blanc I have my own opinion . but I have a feel you will follow you heart . he give she a wink , and stroll off . int . foyer - later marta shuffles to the front doorway . one last glance at harlan 's portrait , its grin now gentle and content . ext . front porch / balcony she stand on the threshold . see blanc get into the front door of a cruiser , and it drive off - ransom in the back . he look back at she through the window . the family out on the lawn . not sure where to go or what to do . they all turn to see : marta stand very small , but somehow not , in the doorway of she house .