krampus-10.17.14-todd-casey-michael-dougherty-zach-shields.pdf - free download pdf category top download login Register upload search category top download login Register search function download_submit ( token ) { document.getelementbyid ( " form-queue " ) .submit ( ) ; grecaptcha.reset ( ) ; } Home krampus-10.17.14-todd-casey-michael-dougherty-zach-shields.pdf krampus-10.17.14-todd-casey-michael-dougherty-zach-shields.pdf March 14 , 2019 | author : alex | category : Santa Claus , Christmas , nature download pdf - 1.6mb share embed donate report this link short description download krampus-10.17.14-todd-casey-michael-dougherty-zach-shields.pdf ... description krampus written by Todd casey Michael dougherty Zach shield October 17 , 2014 darkness . bath by a frigid howling wind , building building like a choir of scream as we - fade in : int . a child 's bedroom - night a clock tick . a Christmas candle flicker . outside as we drift past a child 's desk : the wind moan textbooks and toy . gadget and clothes . and then a envelope crudely address to the NORTH pole . pole . next to to that , a unfinish letter that so far only read '' dear Santa ... '' we then float to a reindeer costume drape on a bed occupy by a sleep max engel engel ( 12 ) . ( 12 ) . tousled hair , mouth mouth agape , agape , even while asleep Max evoke a mix of wide - eye innocence and adolescent mischief . all be calm . all be bright . until ... the roof creak . faint yet deep sound of wood beam strain . Max stir but do not awaken . again , louder and longer . but then crreeeak . the it happen max 's eye pop open. open . he sit up , curiously curiously listen listen to the tick clock and eerie silence . and then -whump . skitter skitter . roof . could it be ? what sound like footstep on the Max look at a advent calendar on he wall , its tiny door open to december december 22 . confused , he nervously nervously walk walk to the window window and open open the the curtain curtain to findfind - nothing . just darkness and trickle snow . look up at the sky , Max 's face be tinged with disappointment when wham ! a huge figure slam into he window . Max stumble back , a shadow falling over he as he gawk in horror at a creepy creepy plastic plastic santa decoration . dangle upside down , entangle in flicker flicker Christmas light . St. Nick Nick slowly slowly swing back and forth , dead eye stare into we soul . annoy and creepe out , Max sigh as we pull out from he window window and up into into the night night sky , rise rise high high above above the the neighborhood ... until we be we be soar soar over over a festively decorate SMALL town . a snowstorm fill the air while a child 's choir warm we heart : 2 . childern 's choir it 's beginning to look a lot like Christmas , everywhere you go ... take a look in the five and ten , glisten once again , with candy cane and silver lane aglow ... credit and music roll as the town strangely begin tilting to one side , toppling end over end as we realize we be actually inside of a snowglobe . which keep keep tumbling tumbling through through the AIR until it shatter in a shower of glass and miniature home that be crushed under the rampaging foot of frenzied holiday shopper -int . megamart - night mob of bargain hunter rampage through a sprawling warehouse megamart in extreme slow motion . child 's choir it 's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ... toy in every store ... but the prettiest sight to see , be the holly that will be on you front door ... credit and music continue over a montage of shopper fight to the death to save a few buck : a frenzied mother knock over a old lady to grab discount cell phone ... two husband fist-fight over video game be tasered by security guard as they mortify wife watch ... scream kide on the lap of drunk mall santa while they waspy parent yell at they to stop cry ... frazzled minimum wager ... a elderly salvation army bellringer nearly mow down by shopping cart ... a toddler nursing a black eye ... all the holiday insanity we see on the news every December , but up close and in horrifying detail . finally , under the store 's massive fake Christmas Tree : a chorus of kide dress in homemade holiday costume - snowmen , elve , and sugarplum sugarplum fairy . but most most of the kid kid be not sing because they be cheering at : 3 . max , now dress as a reindeer . but poor Max be sprawle on he back , shield himself as he 's pummele by a brawny kid dress as a shepherd . teacher rush to pull they apart while in the audience : tom and sarah engel ( 30s ) , Max 's upscale , uptight parent , try to force they way through the horrify crowd , while Max 's older sister , beth ( 15 ) , gleefully record the pint-size brawl on she phone . credit end as the choir close with this parting word : child 's choir ( cont ’d ) soon the bell will start ... and the thing that will make they ring ... be the Carol that you sing right within you heart ... fade out . fade in : marley 's ghost ... I be here tonight to warn you , that you have yet a chance and a hope of escape my fate . you will be haunt by three spirit ... int . dine room - night pull out as '' a Christmas Carol '' play on a small tv , continue out past trays of fresh baked cookie until we settle on a old woman 's hand knead dough : omi ( pronounce oh-me , german for grandma ) a silver - haire old woman wrinkle by seven decade of smile . she be baking sugar cookie from scratch , enjoy the peace and quiet . but then omi pause . sense something come ... the noise . she sigh , brace herself as the front door burst OPEN and the engel family strom in , overload with box and bag . tom and you be go to write a apology to the rest of you class for ruin the recital . what be you think , Max ? that kid be twice you size . max trundle in wear he reindeer costume with a ice pack over one eye , still hurt and glum from the fight . softly : 4 . max yeah but Ben kuklinski be always rag on Christmas . he even tell the first grader that Santa be just a cheap marketing ploy invent to sell pepsi . Max be try to hide how upset he be but he dad notice . beth coke. max you know what I mean . beth but not why you care . max well someone 's gotta . Tom kneel down with a fresh ice pack and inspect Max 's bruise eye -- and he ego . gently : tom here , lemme see . max ( wince ) ow ow ow ... tom eh , it 's not so bad . but c’mon , champ , be dropkick he into the manger really the best way to handle this ? max I be under the influence . ( off Tom 's look ) what ? all we have to eat be Christmas fudge and candy cane . cute . Tom can not help but smile and tousle Max 's hair . Max seem to cheer up -- a beat of calm in the holiday chaos . Sarah unwrap a brand new framed family portrait : sarah not to sound harsh , but every kid have to learn the truth some day . ( be : the family photo ) Beth , help I hang this ? hear he mom say this , Max sink , ever so slightly : 5 . max no , I know . I just -- I do not want it ruin ... for the little kid . but something tell we Max be lie , both to we and himself ... Tom change the tv from '' a Christmas Carol '' to cable news , fill the house with terrorism and holiday crime . he then look at omi 's cookie and tap she on the shoulder : tom this look great , Mom . omi smile and nod , speak softly in german : omi danke . tom but do not work too hard , Sarah already buy cookie at the store . omi 's smile drop , clearly insulted . Tom 's cellphone ring . tom ( cont ’d ) it 's Roger . sarah I thoguht you say you be not work over Christmas , Tom . tom I say no travel over Christmas . I still need to take a few call . ( on phone ) hey , Roger . yeah , now 's fine , what 's up ? annoy , Sarah grab the new family portrait and head for the live room as Tom start towards he de . max hey wait , be not we gonna watch Charlie Brown and wrap present together like always ? tom after what you pull today you can do it alone , and fast , because you cousin will be here any minute . ( on phone ) ( more ) 6 . tom ( cont 'd ) no , no , that be for my kid . it 's a Christmas cluster - eff over here . Tom leave as Max pull off he antler and slump into a chair . sympathetic , omi help he unroll gift wrap . max thanks , omi . omi dab he nose with frosting , and again speak in german . barely a strain whisper , it 's difficult for she to speak : omi ( subtitled ) have you finish it ? Max shake he head , and we realize that he can understand she . in fact , other than Tom , Max be the only other family member who 's bother learn omi 's language . Max make sure the coast be clear , then remove a letter from he pocket . the same letter we see on he desk last night ... max I start , but I do not know what to ask for this year . boom boom boom -- they flinch at the sound of hammering and shout from the next room : sarah ( 0.s. ) because they be family , Beth ! it 's only for a few day ! and beth ( o.s. ) last year I find shit in my bed , mom . human shit . sarah for the last time , that be they dog ! omi and Max exchange a look . omi ( subtitled ) I be sure you will think of something . int . live room - continuous boom boom boom ! framed family portrait bounce and clatter against the wall with each deafen hammer blow . 7 . beth '' they be why some people should not be allow to breed ! '' you word , Mom , not mine ! Beth storm upstairs as Sarah call after she : sarah I never say that ! ( to herself ) I say maybe they should have to take a test before they be allow to breed . Sarah finish hang the portrait , obsessively re-adjusting it so it 's just right . but scan the line of annual holiday photo , she finally seem to notice something : excite young grin become force smile . the tight huddle around Santa turn into a loose grouping . a visual history of she family 's dissolution from one Christmas to the next . Sarah 's tense veneer soften , suddenly realize how they once cherish tradition have become a obligation ... int . dine room - continuous max omi ... do you really still believe in Santa ? omi frown , as if remember something she have rather forget . she try find the right word , then : omi ( subtitled ) of course . but ... I also believe St. Nicholas be what you make he . max what do you mean ? omi ( subtitled ) that to believe in he be to believe in the true spirit of the holiday . the spirit of give . of sacrifice ... she stare off , lose in a memory . concern until : Max watch with grow omi ( subtitled ) ( cont ’d ) I also believe in dessert before dinner . 8 . omi hand he a cookie . Max take it with a uneasy smile , wonder what secret he grandmother may be hide ... ext . engel house - night - establishing a suburban mcmansion dot with festive light . but as the wind shriek , we start creep towards the house , strangely drift through the air like some eerie Pov ... derek ( o.s. ) well at least you family care enough to fight . this disembody Pov hover outside a frosty attic window , watch Beth skype with she boyfriend , derek ( 17 ) . int . beth 's attic bedroom - night - continuous beth yeah , my cousin be crawl out of the shallow end of the gene pool so everyone 's a little on edge . derek ( skype ) you mom pop xanax again ? beth like candy . tonight we be make a japanese snowflake tree of some shit . take a lotta work to make we family look more awesome than it actually be , you know ? derek ( skype ) hmm , yeah , I like snowflake but I like my plan better ... derek hold up gremlins and die hard dvd with a bag of weed , then playfully flick he tongue at she . beth verrry entice , but think I be stick here . derek ( skype ) C ’mon , people escape from alcatraz and I be only four block away . Beth 's face drop ... hearing something ... something bad . what ? derek ( skype ) ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong ? 9 . her room rattle as a deep rumbling build outside . cringe , quietly play for it to go away . Beth beth everything . int . tom 's den - same time the rumbling shake Tom 's boring work trophies and photo : best ceramic tile salesman 2013 ; incentive Marketing Leadership Conference 2011 ; paradigm shifter jamboree 2009 . wincing at the noise , Tom sneak some whiskey into he coffee , close he eye , and silently mouth fuuuck . int . dine room - same time Max finish he letter when dingdong - dingdong -dingdong - nonstop annoying doorbell ringing fill the house . int . live room - same time dingdong -dingdong-dingdong ! Sarah pause from she decorate , breathes deep , try to keep it together : sarah ( whisper mantra ) it 's Christmas ... it 's Christmas ... it 's Christmas ... it 's - moment later a door swing OPEN and Sarah be now all smile ! sarah ( cont ’d ) merry christmassss !!! on the front doorstep : linda ( 30 's ) . four kid and three part-time job have take the shine off Sarah 's young sister . they hug . awkwardly . linda merry christmas , sis ! sarah so glad you guy make it ! 10 . linda oh my gosh , you have no idea ! accident all over the freeway and nothing but traffic and crazy talk radio for six hour . oh and here - we bring a little taste of home ! she hand Sarah a casserole dish fill with something brown and moist . Sarah 's stiff grin only get stiffer . sarah wow , thanks . it look just ... wow ! howard move on in , Linda ! no need to keep the traffic jam goin 's now ! red-faced , broad -chest , with a Santa hat over he hunt cap , howard ( 40s ) , push he way inside with luggage and gift crudely wrap with magazine and newspaper . tom ( reach for luggage ) Howard ! lemme help you with that . but Tom misjudge the weight and be pull to the ground when snarling jaw SNAP at he hand , revealing : rosie ! howard down , girl ! a fat bulldog name rosie , who help the in - law track mud and snow all over Sarah 's shimmer floor . howard ( cont ’d ) ha ! gave you butler the night off , huh , Tommy ? Tom smile uneasily as three kide pile through the door . two husky boy step in first : jordan ( 12 ) and stevie ( 11 ) . both sport varsity jacket , glum face , and shave head . sarah marry Christmas , girl . do not you look cute in you match jacket ! Holy shit , Jordan and stevie be actually girl . linda they be a little cranky because the steeler lose . ( proud ) ( more ) 11 . linda ( cont 'd ) Jordan , stevie , why do not you tell aunt Sarah about you presidential fitness Award . Max greet pudgy howie JR . ( 8 ) , a mute mouth - breather with enough body fat to only need a football jersey for warmth . max ummm , hey howie ... ( beat ; search ) soooooo what have you ask Santa for this year ? howie just stare blankly as Beth whisper to Max : beth dialysis uncle Howard pull Max into a painful headlock and noogie . howard maxi - pad ! still gettin’ straight a 's in detention ?! Max twist loose , annoyed . woman ( o.s. ) Christ -on-a-stick , would it kill ya to shovel the walk ? I coulda break a hip out there ! Sarah glare at Linda as if she invite a Nazi to passover . linda surprise ...? please do not be mad . a dry gulch if there ever be one , aunt dorothy ( 60' ) trudge inside look for something else to bitch about . Sarah force another smile and a stiff hug . sarah aunt dorothy ... what a surprise . aunt dorothy yeah well , you sister 's no mother Teresa but at least she swing by once in a while to make sure I be not dead . now where 's you nog ? I wanna get merry . sarah in the kitchen . help yourself . aunt dorothy scowl at Sarah 's decoration as she leave . 12 . aunt dorothy ( under she breath ) Lord almighty , look like martha Stewart throw up in here . Tom be about to close the door but stop , look at Linda . tom wait , be not there ... another ...? Linda smack she forehead , remember : linda chrissy ! dammit Jordan , I tell you to bring she inside ! jordan not my kid . Jordan elbow stevie and point to the letter poke out of Max 's back pocket , clearly address to the NORTH pole . idea brewing , the girl mischievously whisper to each other . Howard slap Tom hard on the back , lurching he forward . howard C ’mon Tommy , help I grab the baby and the rest of the girl crap outta the truck . Coast clear , Sarah pull Linda inside . sarah a holiday roast be a surprise . Cancer be a surprise . she be a goddamn nightmare . what be you think ? linda oh c’mon , she 's not that bad ! and besides , she trick I ! I think we be just drop off gift but she come to the door with a suitcase . what be I suppose to do , leave she alone on Christmas ? sarah no , but you could at least warn I when one of you mistake be go to become my problem . linda you think everything I do be a mistakr . 13 . Howard walk back inside carry baby chrissy , he arm outstretch like he 's hold a bomb . howard I , uh , think this warhead be armed . Linda take chrissy as Sarah raise a brow at she sister : point prove . another defeat in a lifetime of lose argument . linda guess I better go change she . Tom and Sarah exchange a look -- a brief private moment . he go cross -ey and Sarah shake she head , smile . until ... so . aunt dorothy what 's for dinner ? Max sit on the step , baffle by he bizarre family , as we - CUT to : ext . engel house - night again a strange disembody Pov seem to be watch the family , this time drift outside the dine room window . it watch they chat around a exquisitely decorate table . Music , candle , and gourmet food provide a stark contrast to the giant bottle of Mountain Dew howie junior be chugging . int . dine room - night ha ! howard that 's my boy ! the long hot burp that follow blow away Max and Beth 's appetite . Beth try to elave but catch a sharp glare from Sarah . Tom escape into he phone when Howard elbow he : gettin 's shape ! school , lineman be on howard ( cont ’d ) howie junior into game by the time he hit high he will be the biggest in the state . ever even the field , Tommy ? Tom lamely attempt to man-up , as if he be a navy seal : 14 . tom Nah . spend most of my young year in training . yeah ? howard Army ? Marines ? tom Eagle scout . howard huh . that where you weave basket , help little old lady cross the street ? Jordan and stevie snicker . tom actually , there 's a lot of survival trainhoward tell you what , the only survival training I need be my ol 's smoke pole and a box of thirty - ought -six in the truck . ( nod to he family ) a shepherd 's gotta protect he flock . linda Howard , I think we agree , no gun talk at the dinner table . baby chrissy fling food to the floor where rosie slurp it up . Sarah cringe . see this be like nail on a chalkboard . sarah wow , look like chrissy be really enjoy my gravlax ... linda ( take the hint ) careful kid , you aunt Sarah like everything clean and perfect . that 's why she cook food you can not pronounce . sarah ( eye Linda 's casserole ) well , I think you guy might want a break from Mac & cheese with hot dog . 15 . Linda shoot dagger at she sister , insulted . aunt dorothy well , you be wrong . who do not at least make ham on Christmas ? what be you now , a Jew ? barely contain she rage , Sarah escape to the kitchen . sarah maybe it 's time for dessert . hm ? she get up while dorothy enviously eye omi 's food : a special meal of mashed potato , turkey , and green bean . meanwhile , the kid have they own tense conversation : stevie hey maxi-pad , you hear what happen to Santa ? Max sigh , know what 's come . he look to Beth for support but she glance away , leave he to die . max ( roll eye ) no , Jordan , what happen to Santa ? stevie I be stevie , she 's Jordan . the girl exchange a smile , think and speak as one : jordan Heard it on the news . his sleigh crash in the Rockies . shatter both he leg . frostbite take care of he pain ... stevie ... but not he hunger . so to survive , he have to slaughter and eat he reindeer . jordan ... include rudolph . she dangle a slice of meat from she mouth . stevie ate tiny reindeer ! get it ?! Max tense , Beth grab onto he arm . 16 . beth do not start anything ! int . kitchen - same time Sarah crispen creme brule with a SMALL torch , mutter : sarah macaroni and cheese and hot dog . Jesus ... from out of nowhere : aunt dorothy so why the heck do omi get real food while the rest of we have to suffer through you duck plate ? startle , Sarah flinch and burn she finger on the torch . she turn to aunt dorothy pour herself more egg nog : aunt dorothy ( cont ’d ) you know how all this fancy stuff wreck my pipe . pushed to she limit , Sarah finally unleash : sarah well , how about next year we will go to you place for Christmas ? hm ? and after you have spend week decorate , cooking and clean , I will just waddle in and start bitching and moan about everything you have work so hard on . ( dorothy try to talk ) no , please , aunt dorothy , for you sake ? stay the fuck out of my kitchen . aunt dorothy leave . a slap to the face would have stung less . int . dine room - same time Max be on the verge of explode from he cousin 's jab : jordan we know you still believe in the big fat creeper . 17 . max I do not know what you be talk about . grinning wide , stevie pull out max 's letter . pocket , realize they swipe it . Max check he stevie you sure about that ? mortify , Max try to get up but Beth hold he back . beth Max , stop ! he struggle as stevie stand and clear she throat . reading : stevie '' dear Santa , I know I have not be great this year and I be sorry for that , but I be really hope you could help out I and my family this Christmas . we need you . '' awwww , maxi-pad , that 's so sweet ! max knock it off ! Max break loose from Beth and try to tackle stevie , but Jordan hold he back . Tom sense where this be head : tom guy c’mon . hey Howard ? howard aw they be just playin’ , Tommy . know she time be short , stevie scan the letter : stevie blah -blah -blah , bullshit bullshit , aha ! here we go , maxi 's wish list . Tom be finally about to step in when : stevie ( cont ’d ) '' I wish my mom and dad would fall in love again . I know they get upset a lot , but with dad away from home so much I think they really just miss each other . '' this freeze Tom in he track . the room fall silent except for Max wildly kick as Jordan keep he pin down . 18 . max get off I ! beth ( reach for the letter ) stevie stop , that 's enough . stevie wait , you be in here too , Beth ! ( read ) '' I wish I and Beth could hang out like we use to . you might have notice that I do not have ton of -- no , really , Max ? friend . '' Beth 's face drop - this hit home . stevie ( cont ’d ) '' also , I wish thing be not so hard for uncle Howard and aunt Linda . so maybe you could lend they a hand for the rest of the year too . '' Howard and Linda 's face be flush with embarrassment . stevie 's tone change , suddenly hurt : stevie ( cont ’d ) '' and ... and that ... '' ( beat , to Max ) screw you ! dad doe not wish we be boy ! a awkward beat as Sarah proudly enter with dessert : sarah who want some creme brulee ?? max bite jordan 's hand and break for stevie , who punch he , knock he on he ass . both girl pile on Max as he fight back with all he 's get . even howie jump in . Tom and Howard struggle to pull tom max , calm down ! Howard , will you tell the girl to lay off ? they kid apart : howard C ’mon Tommy , boy 's gotta learn to fight he own fight or he will get eat alive come high school ! omi watch as Max grab the letter and stand up . his heart , he last shred of childhood innocence , now break : 19 . max I just want Christmas to be like it use to . but forget it . I hate Christmas . and I hate all of you . he storm off . Max ? but he 's go . sarah max ?! Sarah look at Tom , urging he to handle it . aunt dorothy aw , lay off he . kid oughta get a prize for tell the truth . int . max 's room - later Max sit at he desk , stare at the letter . a knock : tom can I come in ? max no. Tom bear a peace offer of milk and cookie . tom you know they be leave right after Christmas , so we only have to survive another ... ( cringe ) ... three day . max every year it get worse . why do we have to put up with they crap just because we share DNA ? tom because that 's what a family be , Max . people you try to be friend with even if you do not have a whole lot in common . max but why ? tom because ... well ... okay , you kinda get I there . ( off Max 's look ) ( more ) sit . 20 . tom ( cont 'd ) or , maybe it make we work a little harder to find what we do have in common , you know ? put everything aside and think of other people for a change . Friends , family , even the asshole you normally can not stand . max like Howard ? tom I do not want to name name . beat . Max think about this . max dad ... you really believe all that ? tom I want to , Max . Tom tinker with a advent calendar on the wall . tom ( cont ’d ) and hey , I bet it 's not too late to drop that letter in the mailbox ... Tom leave as Max stare at the letter , contemplative . int . dine room - same time the family clean up break dish and food , the air thick with awkward silence and decade of grow tension ... int . max 's room - same time Max start to sign the letter . a glimmer of faith still visible in he young eye . but then -- rip . heartbroken , he tear the letter in half . then tear it again and again until he can not tear it anymore . Max then open a window and throw the piece outside ... ext . engel house - continuous ... but instead of fall , the shred of the letter be pull up into the night air by a sudden gust of wind . Max watch as they swirl higher and higher into the moonlit sky . satisfied , he close the window when he notice 21 . snow . just some flurry at first , the a trickle that give way to full snowfall . puzzle by the timing of it , Max close the blind while in the sky above we see : thick rolling cloud . massive . unearthly . ominous . and somehow form directly above the engel house , spread over the surround home like a biblical storm . heavy snow and eerie wind start fill empty street , knock over decoration , bend tree branch . frost spread across window like skeletal finger . christmas light swell to a bright glow then pop off . and from above , we watch as the engel house , and the entire neighborhood , be engulf by darkness . fade in : a advent calendar . max 's hand open the next compartment : dec 23rd , revealing a draw of a snowman . dissolve to : a window . opaque from frost . then a blurry hand wipe it away to reveal max , gawk at : a blizzard . Cars , house , all cover in four feet of snow . icicle cover tree and power-line . shrieking wind and sleet fill the air , as if a Arctic storm swallow suburbia . Max be stunne . and it might be the next morning but you would not know it , because the sun can barely penetrate the thick cloud and fog , drench everything in dark hazy grey . suddenly a snow plow rumble through the fog to reveal : a grinning snowman in the middle of they yard . only it 's face the house , almost as if it 's watch they . odd . int . kitchen - morning ( overcast ) slightly unnerve , Max turn from the window to find he family in a grow state of panic : sarah you do not find it the least bit strange ? Sarah wear pajamas under a winter coat , uselessly adjust a thermostat . we can hear the shriek and hollering of they cousin from the live room . 22 . sarah ( cont ’d ) I mean they can see dust speck on Mars but no one notice a giant blizzard hurtle toward we ? tom ( inspect a fuse box ) well , when the power come back you can send a angry email to the National weather service . in the meantime , let 's try and stay calm . max ( tug at Sarah ) there 's something weird outside - Sarah ignore Max , too busy check a faucet for hot water . sarah I be calm , I have just be calmer if I know how we be go to survive Christmas with twelve people stick in a house with no heat , hot water or electricity . howard ( at the fridge ) or food . sarah if you grab a stool and a spatula I be sure you can scrape some pate off the ceiling , Howard . he grab a can from the fridge . howard beer it be . tom phone be down too . max mom ! sarah what , Max ? max there 's a snowman in we yard . Tom and Sarah squint outside to see the snowman in question , but clearly be not concerned . 23 . sarah that 's ... that 's great , Max . max who build it ?! this be the least of they worry . tom I can barely see across the street but it do not look like it 's just we . could walk over and check with the turners - sarah the turners be in Hawaii , the lambert be in Florida , and the cartwright stop talk to we after Max 's ' noodle incident 's . tom after he what ? Sarah spot omi fiddling around in the fireplace . sarah Max , would you please get omi out of there before she burn the whole house down ? Max roll he eye and do as he 's tell . suddenly , knock knock -- someone 's at the door . Sarah sigh , now what ? linda ( o.s. ) I will get it ! in the foyer Linda open the door to a dark hooded figure -- she gasp . but the figure pull back he hood to reveal a fed - ex guy . fedex guy merry Christmas ! signature ? Linda look down to see a pile of box . linda ( into the house ) howard ! STUFF to carry ! ( then ) some weather , huh ? 24 . fedex guy yeah , it 's a ghost town out there . road be a nightmare and half the state 's bury with even more on the way . as she sigh , Linda also notice a large bag overflow with more gift , all wrap in beautiful , ornate parchment . linda that too ? fedex guy not mine . must be from the boy in brown . merry Christmas ! Howard appear behind she . howard sup? linda ( snide ) look , they get even more stuff . howard ( grab the gift ) man , how come rich people get all the free shit ? in the kitchen Beth enter , cell phone glue to she hand . beth I have texted derek like nine time and he still have not write back . that be not normal . tom it 's the blizzard , honey . nothing 's work right now . beth then can I walk over and check on he ? it 's only a few block away . sarah I do not think that 's a good idea . beth I could see if anyone else have power on the way ... 25 . aunt dorothy look up from a tabloid : aunt dorothy you know , you kid do not have a damn bit of patience . when I be you age I do not hear from my boyfriend for two year while he be off fightin’ Charlie . Sarah shake she head in disbelief , turn to Beth . sarah one hour . and when you be back I want you to spend some girl time with Jordan and stevie , get it ? we follow Beth 's mortify gaze to : jordan viciously wrestling stevie in the live room . howie Jr cheer they on as Howard toss the bag of ornate gift under the tree . howard you call that a reversal ?! C ’mon jordy , plant you feet ! beth right ... sarah you know what I mean . careful , okay ? just be beth okay , back later ! sarah one hour ! and Beth be already out the door . Sarah turn to see omi still tinkering with the fireplace while Max watch , not do anything to stop she . sarah ( cont ’d ) Max ! I tell you to get omi out of - omi rise and pour hot water from a old kettle she have in the fire into a tray of mug . she mutter as Max translate : omi heisse schokolade macht alle besser . max ( translating ) hot chocolate make everything better . embarrass , Sarah stand down as omi offer the hot cocoa to the room , melting away everyone 's tension . for now . 26 . aunt dorothy about time someone do something right around here . at the window : Max Max watch Beth disappear disappear into the fog . he then look at the mysterious snowman again , unease creep over he . snow whip past the window , become a vast expanse of white . then a tiny speck appear : to she knee in snow . freeze . beth . up ext . neighborhood street - day ( but dark ) the fog be so thick that Beth can barely see more than a few foot in front of she . she stop stop to look around , around , disorient . disorient . the border between the yard and street have be erase . the whole neighborhood be oddly desolate . Silent . Dark . ribbon , wreath , and other decoration be strewn everywhere . and other other than the wind , wind , it 's it 's quiet enough to hear the creak and crackle of the ice- cover tree . Beth look for sign sign of life in the pass pass house . house . nothing . not even smoke from chimney . weird . then she hear something else : a quiet scraping , like nail on a chalk board -- screech . unnerve . Beth look around , try to find the source . she keep walk , now a little more nervous . screeeech . there it be again . what the hell ? and peer into the fog , try to see , when a deep roar make Beth jump out of she boot . boot . the fog clear long enough to reveal : no luck . so Beth stop she turn turn as a neighbor try to to start he truck . truck . he then go back back to scraping ice from he windshield . screeeeech screech screech . Beth sigh , relieved . barely audible over the wind : wind : beth hey do you guy have power ? his head be wrap in a hood and scarf , the neighbor silently shrug and shake he head '' no . '' Beth wave then march onward while the neighbor 's silhouette begin fade into the the fog behind she . she . but as soon as Beth take a few more step , the wind howl louder and we hear a muffled yelp . she turn turn back around . 27 . and the neighbor be go . go . only he he red scarf remain . beth ( cont ’d ) hello ? it 's as if he vanish into thin thin air . confused , but assume assume the neighbor go inside , Beth turn and keep go . ext . around the corner - moment later Beth walk along a freshly plow stretch of road when she hear a faint sound under all the wind : sleigh bell . she stop stop to listen . they be get closer , as if reindeer might come tromping tromping by at at any moment . moment . even weirder , weirder , it sound like they be come from above . but as quickly as they come , the bell be overtaken by the wind again . again . Beth shrug shrug it off , suddenly suddenly distract distract ed by blinking christmas light on on a distant house . a oasis oasis of color among the grey . grey . apparently someone have electricity . beth thank God . hopeful , she she quicken quicken she pace . but then , then , the next house house - its light light flicker flicker on top . tiny color color beacon push through the snow . even better . and then a third house . more light . even closer . Beth stop , sense something be not right when a loud thump startles she , follow by faint breathing . deep and raspy . Beth squint squint through through the the haze . haze . the house house be about thirty foot away . and on on its rooftop she spot spot -a stranger in a long hooded coat crouch near the chimney . but silhouett by fog it 's impossible to see he clearly . beth ( cont ’d ) uhh ... hello ? the Stranger do not reply . do not move . he simply watch from the rooftop . his hot breath swirl swirl in the frigid frigid air . maybe someone someone check check he chimney ? chimney ? but as Beth get get closer , closer , something about this this man feel very , very , very , off . she stop to get a better look ... as the stranger stand . frighteningly tall , easily seven foot . foot . a sinewy sinewy yet hulk mass drench drench by by fog fog and shadow , shadow , we we can can barely barely make make out out he he dark crimson robe , like tatter fur pelt dyed with blood . 28 . flickering christmas light illuminate a little more of he , just enough to make out a ashen beard , tangle and matte , encrust with dirt and ice . and sling over he shoulder : a huge leather sack -- a weathered weathered patchwork patchwork of animal animal hide hide blotche blotched d by dark stain stain and fill with god-know - what . god-know - what . like a obscene vision of ST . nicholas , the Stranger cock he head , gaze at Beth . hiss . then , just as we be wonder wonder how someo someone not that that big big get on the the roof-roof - he silently leap straight into the AIR , briefly disappear in the snowstorm before -- whomp ! he land on the house right behind Beth . more light flicker . somehow he 's cause this . beth ( cont ’d ) oh my God ... Beth , smartly , run as the stranger leap again -- land on another house -- chase she from the rooftop -- a preternatural predator play cat and mouse . beth ( cont ’d ) somebody help I ! pleeeeeease ! she glance back , see the stranger perch on a chimney -- a leer gargoyle , watch she , she , enjoy the the chase ... beth scream and fall , digging herself out over and over , face wet with icy tear . she look look back at the Stranger , scan the rooftop ... but he 's go . vanish . then Beth see something ahead in the fog : the fedex truck . beth ( cont ’d ) oh God help meee ! she reach reach the truck , try try the door -- freeze shut . shut . climb up , peer through the door glass to see the fedex guy inside frozen solid mid - scream . beth shriek but quickly cover she mouth -- nervously glance around -- no sign of the Stranger in the fog . think fast , she crawl under the truck . we stay under the truck as Beth lay perfectly still . tries not to breathe . trembles . listening . just the wind . then : whomp . the Stranger land outside the truck . start circle . sniff she out . taunting she with hissing breaths . 29 . Beth whimper , watch he foot crunch the snow . no , they be not foot , they be hoove . steam rise with each step . beth close her eye , cry , praying . and then -- the Stranger leave . his hoof abruptly lift straight off the ground with a gust of wind as if he just fly away . Beth listen . unsure . be he go or try to lure she out ? she quietly look around -- and freeze . see it : a wooden jack -in-the - BOX . place in the snow a few foot away . fade like a antique . its tiny crank start rotate . music plays : a off - key '' silent night '' . and just as it reach '' all be bright '' kachunk ! the lid snap OPEN . Beth be not stupid . she slowly start crawl backward , inching away from this horrid little device . but then - Inside the box , something stir . we barely see the top of what might be a SMALL head sway back and forth like a cobra rise from a basket . but before we fully see this creature , we be back on beth 's face . terror filling her eye as she take in this unseen and unspeakable horror . and then from above , looking down on the truck beth 's scream fill the AIR . Long and loud , only to be drown out by shrieking wind as we - smash to : int . max 's room - night Max stare out the window when he suddenly spot two more snowman in they yard . both face the house like the first one , but this guy look a lot less friendly . and they definitely be not there a moment ago ... CUT to : tom 's cell phone . battery die . sarah ( o.s. ) anything ? no service . 30 . int . dine room - night Sarah enter , hand Tom a sandwich . he 's sit by the window . it 's get darker outside , colder inside . we be start to see they breath . tom it 's the strangest thing ... no car . no people . not even a salt truck . do not suppose you get I a backup generator , do you ? sarah under the tree , next to you tie and underwear . Sarah sit , wrap a blanket around both of they . sarah ( cont ’d ) hey , what time be it ? Beth should probably be home by now , should not she ? tom she 's fine , she 's at derek 's . sarah all the more reason to worry . tom hon , relax . just for once , okay ? how 's everyone else do ? sarah cranky . bore . and each other . sick of the cold . tom tis the season . Sarah smile , lean she head on he shoulder . Tom seem surprised , as if they have not be this close in a while . give into it . gently kiss she on the head . he sarah I miss we . tom I too . beat . and then the wind roar , rattling the house . tree scrape the window like phantom . frozen 31 . sarah how long can this keep up ? not long . tom not at this rate anyway . more wind . even harsher . and then ... distant siren . Tom see Sarah be worried . he be too , but hide it better . tom ( cont ’d ) at least we know there 's someone else out there . max Mom ? dad ? Max linger in the doorway , concerned . max ( cont ’d ) it 's almost dark we -- and Beth be not back yet . Tom and Sarah exchange a look , both of they think about Beth and the distant siren they just hear ... int . live room - moment later the crackling FIRE . omi add some log . then , oddly , sneak a glance up the chimney , as if anxiously look for something . the rest of the family be huddle under coat and blanket . junk food everywhere , rosie the bulldog snore on she back . Howard awkwardly feed baby chrissy a bottle while howie munch on fruitcake . dorothy shiver on the couch , nursing a flask and a good buzz . aunt dorothy tellya what , if I be one of that bum freezing in the street right now ? ( finger across she throat ) I have just end it . Linda wrap a blanket around stevie and Jordan , who be busy kill zomby on a iPad . linda Christ , aunt dorothy ... 32 . aunt dorothy what ? even on a nice day you wonder why they bother . Tom , Sarah , and Max enter , clearly worried . tom hey Howard , think you hummer can get through this mess ? howard lucinda ? Hell , I could point she due east , hit the gas , and be storming the beach of normandy by sunrise . what 's up ? sarah Beth . she go to she boyfriend 's earlier but should be back by now . aunt dorothy see , let ‘em out of you sight for one second and boom -- shotgun wedding . linda aunt dorothy , please . aunt dorothy you oughta know ... Linda shrink , stung by the truth . become agitate . oddly so . Max then notice omi tom it 's probably nothing but I think we have pick she up and do a quick swing around town , see what 's go on out there . howard a little recon mission , eh? ( hand chrissy to Linda ) think you have never ask . but they turn to leave , omi grab Tom 's arm . omi kein aufenthalt ... nicht gehen ... what ? tom why ? 33 . aunt dorothy the hell she all rile up about ? omi warten , bis der sturm voruber ist . max she say not to go . that it 's too dangerous , and that we should wait ... until the storm be over . Tom and Sarah exchange a concerned look , as if this be not the first time they have see omi act irrationally . sarah Tom ... tom I get it . hey mom , we have to pick up Beth but Max and Sarah will take care of you while I be go , alright ? omi shake she head , try to reply , but ... tom ( cont ’d ) Mom , mom , listen -- everything 's go to be okay . I promise . but omi do not seem so sure , nervously bite she lip while Tom and Howard head for the door . see how agitate she be , Max gently hold he grandmother 's hand . ext . engel house - night Sarah and Linda watch from the doorway , hide they unease as the hummer roar to life and rumble into the icy street . dissolve to : ext . bird 's eye - high above the neighborhood - night the hummer be a tiny dot slowly navigate a dark hazy maze . howard ( o.s. ) Global warming my ass . must be at least negative twenty . 34 . int . hummer - night fwip fwip fwip -- windshield wiper fight a lose battle with sleet and fog . Tom ride shotgun while search for a radio channel , but only find static . tom it just do not make any sense ... howard try a.m.? tom try everything . howard guess the storm knock out all the station too . tom yeah , guess so ... then Tom fund something -- the familiar long beep of the emergency broadcast signal fight through hissing static : automate EBS voice -- National weather ser - - have iss -a blizz - - warn -- entire Central oh-area , include Franklin coun - - , dela -- chagrin Falls , and Warren vall - - temper -- negative -- degree - urge avoid trav - - seek shelter - neither man want to admit how bad this sound . howard what I would not give for some Bing crosby right about now . Tom quietly agree when he notice something outside . tom wait , wait , slow down . that ...? what be they see a wide path freshly cut through the street . howard look like a plow come through ... 35 . ext . neighborhood street - night the hummer turn , follow by the plow trail . misty headlight reveal car bury under huge sweeping snow drift . the hummer continue along the carve path . it 's almost like a freeze canyon , with snow pile high on either side . then the hummer 's beam cut through the eerie mist to reveal : the snow plow . rammed into a tree . int . hummer - same time howard Jesus h ... Tom and Howard climb out . ext . STREET - continuous they cautiously approach the crash plow . flashlight scan the driver 's door , hang open . the plow be empty . Tom find a shatter windshield while Howard notice a trail of frantic footprint scramble away from the crash . howard must have lose control somehow . maybe smack he head on the windshield ... stumble that way ? Tom check inside . notice a photo of a man and he family clipped to the visor . wrapped gift in the passenger seat - all cover in shatter glass . tom I do not think it be he head that do that , Howard . look ... Howard now notice the gaping hole be punch inward . on edge , Tom check he phone again : no signal . battery 5 % . tom ( cont ’d ) we gotta find Beth . howard snow 's too high , tom. lucinda 's a tough broad but she be not gonna cut through the rest of this mess . 36 . tom well , derek 's place be only a few block from here . same way as that track . Howard be already walk back to the hummer , where he open a lock BOX to reveal a shotgun and .357 revolver . tom ( cont ’d ) you really think we need -howard I be not take any chance . ( hand he the revolver ) just point and shoot , my friend . tom kinda heavy . howard yeah , it 's Linda 's . as Howard slam the trunk shut - CUT to : ext . neighborhood street - later moving with tom and howard -- flashlight follow the erratic footprint . look like there be a struggle . then the white snow become dot with red speck lead to a huge puddle of icy blood - soak snow . Tom and Howard gawk at the freeze blood . Howard look down , sicken to realize he 's stand in some of it . howard sweet Lord ... Howard be about to puke or run as Tom kneel down , inspect some shred of clothing , a wallet , and keys . howard ( cont ’d ) Tom , what kind of godforsake neighborhood do you live in ? Tom pocket the wallet and key , then look around at all the eerily quiet home a notice : font door ajar . smashed window . more erratic footprint lead from the porch into yard -- but none of the track seem to make it past the sidewalk ... 37 . Tom 's mind be racing , think only of Beth . tom come on . howard but ... Tom keep go . Howard reluctantly follow , gun raise , still glance back at the puddle of freeze blood as we - CUT to : pop , hiss -- a match light a old santa candle , he chubby face already melt into a dement scowl . int . live room - night Sarah and Linda light candle , try to keep thing cozy . Max be try to read a comic book but keep steal glance at the Santa candle , oddly uneasy . his cousin snore nearby . look at the Christmas tree , Linda 's eye light up : linda oh my gosh ! you have Mom 's angel this whole time ? sarah I think you know . linda no ! ohhh , remember how we use to fight over who get to place she ? sarah ( smile ) yeah and you fight dirty . still have the scar . think I Linda inspect the tree , touch to find old handmade ornament and a fade photo of she and Sarah as kid . linda sis , you save everything ... sarah yeah , I figure it 's what Mom would have do , you know ? beat . as Sarah and Linda share a nostalgic moment . 38 . linda you always do everything right ... sarah Nah , I be just really good at make it look like I do . Truth be , there be not a day that go by where I do not wake up with one hand on the panic button . linda oh c’mon , you ? you have get everything ! you whole house be like one big skymall catalog . sarah yeah but with Tom travel , Max always hole up in he room do ... whatever it be boy do , and Beth spend all she time with derek , thing can get a little , I do not know ... quiet . linda grass be always greener , sis , trust I . I have kill for some quiet . look at I , three year young but somehow manage to squeeze out twice as many kid . do that math . sarah I know , but you guy always seem so ... happy . like you could care less what anyone else think . linda do not you dare say you be jealous . sarah no , I only ... it 's nice to have some company . that 's all . the sister smile . they first real conversation in year . suddenly , the wind howl , rattling the house . even the FIRE flicker . Max and he cousin perk up , alarmed , when : thud ! more wood land in the hearth , pile on by omi . she stoke the flame higher , check the heat . add another log . sarah ( cont ’d ) omi , try not to use up all the firewood , okay ? we need to make it last . 39 . but omi wave she off : yeah , yeah . suddenly : scratch scratch . from above . something on the roof ? everyone hear it . max Mom ...? sarah probably just squirrel aunt dorothy in this weather > scratch scratch -- they listen as it scurries towards the chimney . rosie whimper at the ceiling when wham ! something else hit the roof . bigger . heavier . scratch scratch , scurry scurry -- all eye be glue to the celing . Max notice omi clutching the FIRE - poker like a weapon , stare at the fireplace . then , to herself : omi elfen ... then with a final massive boooooom that make everyone jump out of they seat -- silence . it 's go . see ? sarah Squirrels . but Max can tell she do not seem so sure . right. nut . aunt dorothy probably play with they CUT to : ext . derek 's house - night Howard anxiously trail Tom as they approach the front yard , pass by a icicle - drape snowman , just like the one Max see earlier but even more grotesque . howard I be tellin’ ya , Tommy , this damn gang wait for natural disaster then swoop in like vulture and start lootin’ . we gotta get back to the house , warn the other -tom and we will , but first we find Beth . 40 . on the porch : they find the door smashed open , pummele by something huge . Tom and Howard exchange a look , then raise they gun and enter -int . derek 's house , foyer - continuous flashlight reveal everything in shamble . shatter ornament . Broken candy cane . crushed gift . as if someone shook the entire house like a snow globe . Beth ...? tom derek ? Howard wave at Tom use military hand signal , but Tom shrug -- he have no idea what Howard 's say . hushed : howard I say I will check upstairs ! tom do not be stupid , we stick together . the proceed down the hall into-int . derek 's house , kitchen - continuous flashlight sweep the room . glass crunch under they foot . the wall and floor be splatter with milk ... and blood . Howard take photo of everything with he phone . notice the open refrigerator , Tom close the door to find a gingerbread man pin to the other side by a kitchen knife , its tiny face twisted in agony . weird . howard whoever do this be one dement sonofabitch . he snap off one of the gingerbread man 's leg and eat it . someone 's Pov : watch Howard and Tom search the room . this Pov be oddly small enough to hide under a table . but then a SOUND from the live room . something move ? Tom and Howard follow it , but as they exit , something SMALL dart across the kitchen and into the shadow . int . derek 's house , live room - continuous they find the room cover in snow , window smashed , smoldering log and ash all over the floor . 41 . Tom inspect some broken toy next to shattered photo include derek and beth 's prom picture . he pick it up , flood with emotion . howard we will find she , Tommy . Tom nod , hold it together as they continue they search . it look like the fireplace explode all over the room , and in the spew ash , Tom spot claw mark . two long trail scrape along the floor and into the blacken hearth . howard ( cont ’d ) maybe some poor sap fall into the fire , so they drag he out . tom yeah , or drag in ... Howard look closer , Tom might be right . but wait -- howard what about that ? Howard point to strange footprint in the ash . howard ( cont ’d ) I have hunt a lot of game in my day , Tom . that be goddamn hoove . Big one too . maybe a elk or a goat . tom yeah , but what kind of goat walk on its hind leg ? Howard snap more photo when distant scream echo outside . tom ( cont ’d ) beth ?! ext . derek 's house - night Tom charge into the snow , listen to the shriek , as Howard struggle to keep up . tom ! howard tom , wait ! Tom reach the street -- spin around -- beth 's scream seem to echo all around he , bounce off the darken house . 42 . beth ?! tom where be you ?? her scream echo everywhere . Tom head into the fog while behind he : Howard be to he thigh , wading through snow when he 's stuck . his right foot will not move . caught on something ? howard what the- crunch ! something under the snow bite into howard 's leg . howard scream , flailing -- drop he shotgun as he’s tossed around like a ragdoll . howard ( cont ’d ) tom !!! gah -- help I ! help meee ! we can hear the sound of some unseen creature growl under the snow like a monstrous shark . Howard 's then dragge away , about to get pull under the snow when tom 's hand lunge -- grabbing howard . tom hang on , howard ! just hang on ! howard somethin 's down there -- it 's get I -- think it 's eat I !! then , even in this chaos , Tom suddenly catch a glimpse of a dozen snowmen watch from the yard . they be perfectly still , but they be watching . and smiling . and each time Tom 's eye dart to look at one , somehow , impossibly , the snowmen seem to get closer . Tom be stunne . howard ( cont ’d ) goddammit tom !!! Tom snap out of it -- try pull Howard free again - play a painful game of tug -of - war with whatever the hell be under the snow . all we hear be its carnal grunt . Tom almost have Howard free when crunch ! the thing bite down again . hot blood spread through icy white . howard ( cont ’d ) oh GOD oh GOD it hurt it hurt ! pull I out , pull I ooouttt ! in a flash , Tom stand -- gun raise . 43 . on howard . ashen . howard ( cont ’d ) Tommy ...? pop ! pop ! pop ! tom fire -- and on the fourth pop - smash to : int . live room - same time the whole family spring to they foot , hearing the gunshot . aunt dorothy suppose that be squirrel too . then back to : ext . neighborhood street - same time Tom have fire into the snow , miss Howard by inch . then a pained muffled cry as the unseen creature screech and tunnel away under the snow like a dement bug Bunny . Tom grab the shotgun , help Howard to he foot . Howard cringe in agony , see the bloody bite wound on he leg . howard what the hell be that thing ?!? tom I do not know but we have to move , now ! they take off , Tom support Howard as he limp along . ext . on a rooftop - night someone 's Pov : watch the man hobble through the street below . raspy breaths condense into swirl cloud ... ext . another STREET - moment later they round a corner and both freeze in they track , gawk . howard no no -- oh God ... lucinda !?! the hummer be in flame . and Howard be in tear . and then a long howl echoe in the darkness inhuman and terrifying . 44 . howard ( cont ’d ) why be this happen ? tom Christ , c’mon ! they keep go . int . foyer - night Sarah put on a coat while Linda cradle the cry baby . linda where do you think you be go ? sarah to find they . I do not like this . linda what be you talk about ? Howard and Tom know what they be do , they be fine ! sarah be they ? Sarah stare at Linda , hint at the gunshot , when - max Mom ? Sarah pause , see Max look at she helplessly , soften : sarah honey , I will be right back , I promise . just lock the door and - the door burst OPEN . Tom and Howard shamble in and slam it shut again , lock every deadbolt and chain . they be tremble from the cold , they skin already frostbitten . tom max get the first aid kit ! linda oh my god. Howard ?! howard ( collapse on the couch ) oww , ow ... I gotta sit , gotta sit -sarah linda oh my God ... where 's Beth ? we hear gunshot -- 45 . tom I will explain , but right now we need to keep everyone calm and - howard get away from the window ! gun , sword , knife , pot , pan , round up whatever you can find -howard ! tom not . here . Tom gesture to the frighten kid . wincing in pain , Howard do he best to calm down . Linda gasp at he wound . linda Jesus , Mary and Joseph , what happen out there ?! Howard grit he tooth , eye Tom -- see ? I be play along / howard nothin ... it 's just a scratch . linda ut it look like something bit - howard -- it 's a scratch . must have step in a bear trap under the snow . max we do not have bear . beat . Linda finally catch on , read between the line . linda hey kid , why do not you go to the kitchen and make something to eat ? max aw c’mon ! you guy just do not want to tell we what 's really go on . sarah all of you into the kitchen , right now . aunt dorothy , will you keep a eye on they ? aunt dorothy why I ? I never like kid even when I be one . 46 . linda please . see the fear in the kid 's eye , aunt dorothy 's heart start to warm -- just a little . aunt dorothy alright , alright , I will show you guy how to make peppermint schnapp . they follow she out . all except Max , who defiantly glare . tom Max . go. Max leave as Tom approach omi at the fireplace : tom ( cont ’d ) Mom , will you please help they ? beat . omi be eerily calm . stoic. know more than she 's let on . something tell we she she nod , then : omi ( subtitled ) keep the fire hot . Tom think about this as omi head to the kitchen . ext . engel house - night the only house with any sign of life within . int . kitchen - night lit by candle , stevie , Jordan , and howie Jr sit at the table , mesmerize as aunt dorothy mix peppermint schnapp and hot chocolate , then stir it with a candy cane . aunt dorothy see ? a little sugar , a little spice ... make everything nice . she sip it , smile . see they begging with they eye . aunt dorothy ( cont ’d ) alright , just do not rat I out . dorothy let the kid pass around the mug , each take a sip . even she can not help but enjoy this quiet moment with they . 47 . at the doorway : Max try eavesdropp but only hear hushed whisper . clanging silverware then turn he attention to omi sorting through knive and meat cleaver , create a pile of makeshift weaponry on the counter . a painful cry echoe from the live room . Max turn back to eavesdropp as dorothy and the kid follow he lead . int . live room - night Howard writhes in pain while Tom apply antiseptic and bandage to the bite wound . Linda and Sarah be scrolling through Howard 's phone , shocked by image of derek 's house . sarah but what , who -- do all this ? howard you guess be as good as mine . think it mighta be some kind of gang thing , but this - ( he wound ) and all the other crazy shit we see just do not add up . linda could be terrorist ... howard yeah sure , maybe they trade suicide vest for rabid tunneling pit bull - ow ! easy there , Tommy . Tom finish dress the wound . Sarah be pace . sarah and ... Beth ? tom nothing . I think I hear she for a second , but -sarah so she 's still out there - tom and we will find she , I promise , but first I need to make sure you guy be safe -- 48 . sarah I do not care how long it take , Tom , but we have to keep look , maybe pair up and take turn - Tom pull Sarah close , hug she . howard we can not go back out there ! you see this ? ( he frostbitten hand ) take less than four minute ! and besides be subzero , there 's someone tear through all this fancy - ass mcmansion , pick everybody off one by one ! Hell , you whole neighborhood look like a goddamn ghost town , Far as I can tell , we might be the only one leave . linda we could leave . squeeze everyone into the truck and - howard -- lucinda 's go too . even if she be not , the street be beyond screw . Tom nurse the fire , keep it hot just like omi say to ... tom Howard , how much ammo do you have ? howard couple shell still load . another dozen in my pocket . why ? Tom check he pistol , only a few round leave . tom I think we best bet be to stay out for now . board up the door and window . if we be smart and stick together , we can ride this out . the other be not as sure , but it 's the best plan they have . howard might wanna put out that fire while we be at it , Tommy . nothing say ' come murder we 's like a big cloud of smoke . 49 . Linda and Sarah exchange a nervous look . sarah they - they already know we be here . tom what do you mean ? linda we hear something earlier . maybe someone walk around . on the roof ... a nervous beat as everyone glare at the ceiling . howard ( to Linda ) told you we shoulda go to my brother 's . linda oh sure , Howard , Christmas on a pig farm ! howard hey , Jesus be bear in a barn ! sarah knock it off ! what about the kid ? what do we tell they ? tom I do not know ... the truth ? sure . howard which version of it ? a sneeze . and everyone turn to see the kide peek from a doorway . aunt dorothy too . all more frighten than ever . linda hey , how much do you guy just hear ? aunt dorothy enough . the kid run to Linda 's arm . jordan Mom , do someone take Beth ? stevie be they come for we ? 50 . linda do not be silly , Beth be just with she boyfriend and we be all gonna be fine . see ? you have get you whole family here . and besides , it 's Christmas , right ? and nothing bad 's gonna happen on Christmas . Linda wish she word be more comforting . she hug she kid then look at Sarah , try to hold it together . dorothy sit next to Howard and offer up some painkillers . he 's surprised by the gesture but take it . cheer . howard welp , guess that cat 's outta the bag . hiding she anguish , Sarah turn to gaze out a raging storm . Tom approach , do he best to console she . tom we will find she honey , I promise . Max and omi solemnly watch they struggle family . outside , the screeching wind crescendos as we -- while CUT to : ka- chunk ! ka - chunk ! a nail gun board up window with plywood . Howard and Tom work together , turn 2 x4s into bracket barricade for the front door while howie Jr help . in the kitchen : Max show stevie and Jordan how to operate some kerosene lantern while dorothy make they sandwich . the kid gawk , surprised by the gesture . in the garage : Linda and Sarah gather firewood , flashlight , binoculars , candle , axe , bat , and other equipment . a stocked liquor cabinet open : aunt dorothy gaze at the bottle , beam like a kid in a candy store . in the dine room : food , supplies , and weaponry be neatly laid out . Tom look over everything , hope it 's enough , when Max suddenly scamper by with tom 's laptop bag . confused , Tom follow he into the live room where Max remove a portable TRAVEL battery and plug in the tree , fill the room with soft white light . 51 . touched , the family stare in awe , bask in its warmth . and all while this be happen , we see omi keep to herself , keep the fire tall and hot as we ... dissolve to : ext . engel house - night wind moan . window be dark and board shut . but then , inexplicably , we hear the familiar and comforting sound of the charlie brown christmas special ? linus ( o.s. ) and lo , the angel of the Lord come upon they . and they be so afraid . int . live room - night linus ( on tv ) and the angel say unto they , ' fear not . for behold , I bring you tiding of great joy ...’ pull out to reveal this be not a tv , but Linda 's iPad , the girl be campe out in front of it , wrap in blanket , while howie munch on a fruitcake . offer it to Jordan . Gross . jordan how can you eat that crap ? howie shrug , keep eat . Sarah enter with more pillow . sarah wo not the battery die ? linda gotta go sometime . enjoy it . might as well aunt dorothy yer tellin’ I ... dorothy swishes a brandy glass , already half asleep . linda be a while since we have a slumber party . sarah yeah , first one asleep get she hand dip in warm water . 52 . linda that never actually work , do it ? sarah ( nod to aunt dorothy ) we could find out ... the woman quietly laugh , but Linda see she sister 's smile fade fast , obviously still anxious . linda hey , Beth 's a tough girl . take after she mom . I be sure she 's fine . Sarah 's smile return , grateful . sarah thanks , sis . at the window , Tom and Howard use binocular , peer outside through slit between the board . Howard look like he want to say something , finally muster up the courage : howard hey ... uh , Tom ? I , uh , want to say thanks . for , you know , savin 's my ass back there . tom oh. sure . no problem . Tom be take aback by this little bond moment . howard and sorry for think you be such a spineless prick all this year . this be news to Tom . Howard read he surprise . howard ( cont ’d ) now look , I know you do not think much of I either . tom no , Howard you be - howard -- Linda 's life sentence . that 's what she dad call I at the wedding , still , that be the happiest day of my life . ( more ) 53 . howard ( cont 'd ) I promise myself I would not be the loser everyone think I have be , but now ... here I be . tom a loser would have walk out ten year ago , Howard . what matter be that you be always there for they . that you come home every night to see you wife and put you kid to bed , you know ? ( quieter ) I mean , at least you be not spend half the year in hotel and airport lounge . and I be not say all this just because you be hold a shotgun . Howard smile , oddly move . howard thanks , Tommy . Max join they , eat a cookie , tom you should get some sleep , champ . max how ? tom good point . Max spot the eerie snowmen outside , now cover in sharp icicle , they grin send chill up he spine . max dad .. be we gonna die ? Tom and Sarah exchange a look . then , calm and collect : tom no. thud . they see omi toss more log into the fire . max omi 's be act different . since the storm ... ever tom yeah , but she always get weird around Christmas . 54 . max how come ? tom dunno . she never want to talk about it . Max consider this when booooooooom ! the entire house shake - flash of light burst through the board - everyone scream , hit the deck - chrissy now awake and crying . aunt dorothy what the hell be that ?! howard sure as shit be not firework . tom everybody stay down ! Howard ? Tom and Howard carefully climb back up to the window . binocular Pov : a fiery glow on the horizon , plume of smoke . tom ( cont ’d ) look like some kind of explosion . howard what 's out that way ? tom Main Street ... the kid flock out to Linda and Sarah , near hysterics . the woman comfort they despite they own splinter nerve . linda shhh , it 's alright . it be far , far away from we , it 's okay ... but Tom spot something else on the horizon : the paint glow of street light and flicker electricity ? tom wait ... look like someone still have power . maybe the megamart ? howard could have be a gas line . some poor bastard try to turn he heat back on . aunt dorothy yeah or maybe it be they . 55 . sarah I think I be more worried about what I be not hearing . no siren , no police or fire . so where be everyone ? the listen -- she 's right . Dead silence . aunt dorothy maybe they be the one who get blow up ... linda guy . Linda point out the kid , all shudder with fear . linda ( cont ’d ) hey , how about we finally get some sleep ? maybe tomorrow we can open some present early . if you be good . the kid relax and climb back into they sleep bag . howie nuzzle up against aunt dorothy , who reluctantly let he . Howard and Tom watch as Linda and Sarah tuck everyone in . moment of calm in the surreal chaos . a howard you know Linda might be a ripe pain in the ass sometimes , but she have a way with little one that I will never understand . Tom look at Sarah , more in love with she than ever . tom yeah ... I know what you mean . they be all huddle next to a crackle fire . probably the close this dysfunctional family have ever be . howard we should stay up and keep watch . make sure the neighborhood do not come crash down . tom good idea , I will go first . 56 . howard Nah , you catch some wink with you family . besides , ' bout time I put my Reserve train to good use . tom you sure ? click -clack . Howard check he shotgun . good to go . howard a shepherd 's gotta protect he flock . Howard settles next to the window , gun raise and ready as wesmash to : Howard . slump in he chair . snore . Linda 's iPad play a quiet and haunt rendition of '' silent night '' as we glide past the sleep family . song ( on ipad ) Silent night , holy night ... all be calm , all be bright ... linda on the floor , surround by she kid like a mother hen . omi asleep in a chair , clutching the fire poker . song ( on ipad ) ( cont ’d ) round yon virgin mother and child . Holy infant so tender and mild ... aunt dorothy on the sofa nestle protectively with howie . tom , sarah , and max huddle together on the floor . song ( on ipad ) ( cont ’d ) sleep in heavenly peace ... sleep in heavenly peace ... the music lull we into a sense of serenity , at least until the iPad battery finally die . and then - silence . we can only hear the family 's soft breathing and a ticking clock . but something be miss . something crucial . the fireplace . with no one watch , its flame have be reduce to smolder ember . still asleep , Max shiver and pull he blanket tighter . we can see everyone 's breath cloud , as if the room be get even colder . and with the wind come the sound of tiny footstep pad across the roof . someone have arrive . 57 . strange whisper echo from the chimney . impish voice argue in some cryptic ancient tongue become stifle giggle as powdery ash trickle down the chimney . we then hear something slowly descend , get closer and closer until a figure lower into the cold fireplace : suspend from a rusty chain adorn with tiny bell , it be a jumbo gingerbread man , the size of a doll . it come to rest in the die hearth while more quiet giggle echo from above . then , with a tug of the chain , the chain 's bell softly jingle ... but everyone continue sleep . the chain twitches again , jingling louder -- the gingerbread man dance with each tug . finally -howie JR stir . sniff the air . groggily wake up and spot the gingerbread man dangle in the fireplace . his eye light up . a dream come true . he carefully get up and tip -toe over he sleep family as more whisper echo from the top of the chimney , shushing each other , barely able to contain they glee . grinning as dumb and wide as the gingerbread man itself , howie pick up the oversize cookie and take a deep whiff , relishing its warm sweet smell ... he raise it to he mouth , angle its head for the biggest possible bite , then -- chomp ! howie 's eye roll back in bliss . crumb tumble down he chubby cheek , it 's perfect . howie munch away , then open he mouth for another bite and - chomp ! howie shriek in pain . gaping in horror to see that the gingerbread man have bitten into he hand . somehow , this bizarre dement cookie have come to life . howie try shaking it loose , but the gingerbread man laugh maniacally as it run circle over and around he body tightly wrapping he up in the chain like a spider , howie scream as the chain go taught and everyone spring awake just as howie be yanked up and into the fireplace . howard howieeeee ! howard run but trip over aunt dorothy . howie 's feet be about to disappear up the shoot when hand latch onto he ankle -- hold tight by sarah . 58 . sarah hang on howie ! howie 's scream be mix with the bizarre chitter laughter of the gingerbread man and he unseen cohort above . sarah pull as hard as she can when she too be violently yanked up and into the chimney . sarah ( cont ’d ) tommmm !!! tom lunge -- grab sarah 's legs -- Howard recover and join the insane tug -of - war . even Max rush to help -- everyone pulling -- try to wrench Sarah and howie free , howard we got you , we got you !! the kide scream - baby chrissy wail - rosie howl and bark . linda pull harder goddamn it !! everyone tug -- kick -- send smoldering log into the christmas tree . it catch FIRE , dry branch and gift quickly bursting into flame . tom max -- the FIRE extinguisher ! max run off as the room fill with fire and smoker . omi pull Linda and the girl away , coughing and hacking while aunt dorothy at the inferno with a blanket . inside the chimney Sarah cling to howie , barely able to see in the darkness and soot . but when she finally glance up , she 's horrify to see the gingerbread man -- inch from she face -- screeching . and sarah scream as she sanity be shattered . in the live room Tom and Howard seem to be win -- Sarah 's leg be almost out of the chimney , follow by howie 's . howard we got ya buddy , we got -- 59 . but then more footstep rush across the roof . reinforcement ? follow by loud grunt and then -- everyone lurch as howie slip from there grip and vanish up the chimney . howard ( cont ’d ) nooooooo !!!! howie 's shriek be overtaken by whoops of sinister celebration and a stampede across the roof before -- silence . they be go . just as mysteriously as they arrive . Linda sob , cradling the baby . linda howie ?! oh God , no ... Max return and sprays the tree with the extinguisher . howard let go of I ! he’s alive ! go after he -- I gotta-tom Howard -- howard stop ! open that door ! I gotta you can not beat . Howard glare at Tom ... then see Linda and the kid . his rage become despair , Howard look down and realize he 's still hold one of howie 's orthopedic shoe . howard oh dear lord , this be not happen . my boy ... he collapse to the floor . smoke clear . ash settles . the tree smolder , now a char skeleton of gnarled branch and melting ornament . the heirloom angel shatter on the ground . tom Sarah , be you hurt ? honey ? she 's in shock , still unable to grasp what she see in the chimney . the whole family be pretty much a disaster . aunt dorothy they be laugh ! do you hear they ?! howard it 's my fault ... I -- I fall asleep . my boy 's go and it 's all my -- 60 . vwoosh ! the fireplace roar back to life , fill the room with flicker light and shadow . everyone turn to see omi silhouetted by flame . the old woman look at they with tear in she eye , barely a whisper : omi das ist alle unsere schuld . er ist für un alle kommen ... linda Tom ? what 's she say ? Tom be just as confuse , hesitantly translate : tom ( translating ) this be all we fault , he 's come for we all ... Sarah look at Tom , once again worried that omi be lose it . tom ( cont ’d ) Mom ... be you feel okay ? you take you pill -- have max dad , let she talk ! omi please ... listen ... the room drop into stunne silence . have speak in English . for the first time , omi aunt dorothy ( under she breath ) I know it . this be difficult for omi , physically and emotionally . omi I ... I must tell you something ... all of you . beat . as she take a deep breath and begin tell she story , wrestle out the word with a thick german accent : omi ( cont ’d ) it start with the wind ... on a cold winter night , much like this . flickering shadow on the wall become more animated , transform into gnarle tree ... then a dark forest ... 61 . omi ( v.o. ) the war be over . but time be still difficult for my village ... we be watch omi 's story come to life via ornate animated shadow puppet as we descend onto : ext . SMALL german town , 1946 - night ( shadow puppet ) snow fall on the skeletal remain of a once quaint town . shatter building shiver and creak in the cold winter wind . omi ( v.o . ) it be almost Christmas . but unlike year past , this Christmas be darker . less cheerful ... we push through fog and rubble to the town square where we see what seem to be the silhouette of a large demon : two red glowing eye and a long tongue twist from a OPEN mouth . but as we move through the mist , we see the eye be actually the tail light of a red cross truck , and the long black tongue be a line of starve people await they ration . we move down the line of somber face until we find a little girl , clutching a tatter santa doll . this be young omi . omi ( v.o. ) but I still believe in Santa . in magic and miracle . and the hope that we could find joy again ... Young omi be hand the last loaf of bread by a red cross worker . for a moment it 's the perfect Christmas image until - omi be violently knock to the ground . her Santa doll and bread send fly into the air ... omi ( v.o. ) but we village have give up . on miracle ... and on each other . realizing the ration have run out , the crowd have turn into a mob . in slow motion ( ala open credit ) : a old man be knock over . a red cross worker be attack . two starve men fight over a bag of grain while they angry wive scream at each other . the bag rip and grain fly everywhere . falling to the ground around Young omi , who look up at the scene in shock . 62 . omi ( v.o. ) they have forget the spirit of Christmas . the sacrifice of give . the crowd clear and omi pick herself up , there 's no food leave , but she manage to find she santa doll . its face now trample into a twisted mask , eye glaring . omi ( v.o. ) and my family be no different ... off this grotesque version of Old Saint Nick we dissolve to : omi 's father 's scream face . we then pull back to reveal : int . cottage - night ( shadow puppet ) omi 's father , mother , and two older sister . yelling at she for come home empty hand . omi offer up all that she have in consolation -- she santa doll . omi ( v.o. ) I try to help they believe again , but we be no longer the loving family I remember ... but omi 's mother snatch the doll from she hand and rip it in half , toss the piece to the ground . omi ( v.o. ) they have give up . and eventually , so do i. heartbroken , omi throw the tear doll into the fireplace . omi ( v.o. ) and for the first time , I do not wish for a miracle ... I wish for they to go away . and as the doll be swallow by flame , we follow the smoke up the chimney and into the night sky . twist into rumbling black cloud , choke out the star and moon . below , one by one , the light of the town below follow suit until we only see black and hear the sound of roaring wind . omi ( v.o. ) and that night , in the darkness of a howling blizzard , I get my wish . 63 . suddenly , we hear distant thud on the roof . again and again . closer and closer until they be right above we like a heartbeat racing in the dark -- boooom ! young omi 's eye burst open as we pull back to reveal : int . omi 's bedroom - night ( shadow puppet ) Young omi shiver in bed . listen . omi ( v.o. ) I know Santa be not come this year . we hold on a close up of omi as we listen to the horror happen in the rest of the house ( but never see they ) . omi ( v.o. ) instead , it be a much darker , more ancient spirit . hoove clomping . rusty bell jingling . the dull thud of something heavy hit the floor . the deranged giggle and pitter - patter of tiny foot racing through the cottage . omi ( v.o. ) the shadow of St. Nicholas ... it be krampus . and then ... the scream . omi ( v.o. ) and as he have for thousand of year , krampus come not to reward , but to punish . not to give , but to take . we hear the shriek of omi 's family as they be rip from they bed . unbearably loud . wall crack as someone smashes into the other side , follow by chitter laughter . omi ( v.o. ) he and he helper . tear stream down omi 's face as she cover she ear . but the scream continue building to a deafen crescendo . her eye dart around the dark room , when , through the crack of her door , omi cache a brief , fleeting glimpse of : tiny figure darting through the hall , snicker . they be follow by they leader , the dark silhouette of : 64 . krampus . a lanky figure clad in dark rag robe , huge twisted horn , and a matte beard frame he gleaming eye . krampus be about to leave when he suddenly stop . sense something , the demon turn and peer through the door crack , staring right at omi -- tremble . terrify . omi ( v.o. ) but krampus do not take I that night ... dissolve to : int . cottage live room - morning still shaking , Young omi enter the live room , gawk at : omi ( v.o. ) he leave I as a reminder of what happen when hope be lose ... the charree rubble of the fireplace . Split down the middle . omi ( v.o. ) when belief be forget ... and in the ash : a rusty jingle bell inscribe with gruss vom krampus . omi ( v.o. ) ... and the Christmas spirit die . as Young omi pick up the bell , the light of Christmas morning wash over she as we -dissolve to : int . live room - night ( present day ) the same rusty jingle bell , now clutch in omi 's wrinkle hand . exhausted by the memory , omi collapse into a chair . Max move to she side and console she while - the rest of the family stare in silence , unsure of what to make of she story . the kid seem to believe it , but ... howard and here I think I be the one lose it . linda Howard ! 65 . howard what ? you gonna believe this pile of senile horseshit ? evil Santa Claus -- Jesus H. almighty ... suppose she will be yammer about rabid Easter bunny come spring . tom that 's enough . howard damn right it 's enough ! whoever the hell 's mess with we just take my boy and you daughter and we be sittin’ here listen to some twisted bedtime story ?! screw that ! Howard grab he shotgun and limp for the door . Tom move to stop he but Howard cock the gun . howard ( cont ’d ) do not , Tommy . I be start to like you . I be . but this be my choice . Howard start remove the 2 x4 barricade over the door . linda jordan & stevie oh God Howard , please do not daddy do not go ! stay with we go out there ! just calm down , please ! we can figure this out ! howard this be how I figure thing out . he throws OPEN the door -- wind pour in -- but when Howard turn to leave , he freeze in he track , gawk . howard ( cont ’d ) no ... the rest of the family gather around he , stare at : dozen of snowmen cover the yard . twisted , obscene face glaring at the family , all cover in long sharp icicle . Howard 's lip start to quiver when he spot a fat little snowman wear howie 's varsity jacket , position right up front for all of they to see . howard ( cont ’d ) oh God ... Howard be about to step outside when they notice tiny glistening eye watch they from the darkness . 66 . dozen of strange silhouettes scurrying across rooftop while a chorus of snicker and whisper fill the air . tom shut the door , shut it ! slam ! Tom re-barricade the door . max dad ... what be we gonna do ? Tom stare at omi , unable to shake the feel that the old woman might be right about everything . tom we keep the fire hot . off the petrify face of the family and shrieking wind we - fade out . fade in on : max 's advent calendar . the next door be open to dec 24th , revealing a eerie illustration of santa himself . ext . engel home - day ( but dark ) now almost completely swallow by snow drift . gnarl icy tree crackle like bone . it might be morning but it 's still completely dark out , as if the sun itself have die . int . live room - day ( but dark ) the FIRE crackle . no one can sleep . it 's too cold and everyone be too scared . a grandfather clock quietly tick away . exhausted from cry , Linda lean against Sara . Tom and Howard keep watch at the window , but Howard be still devastate , clutching he son 's tiny shoe . shiver from the cold , aunt dorothy wrap she scarf around the baby . aunt dorothy there you go , like a fat little pig in a blanket -- oink oink oink . the baby laugh . dorothy suddenly catch Sarah stare . surprisingly , Sarah smile warmly ... and aunt dorothy return the gesture . a silent but meaningful reconciliation . 67 . still in shock , stevie and Jordan look up to find max hold a bag of candy . max from my Halloween stash . a peace offer long overdue , the girl take some . Tom be lose in think , stare at the christmas stocking . at beth 's in particular . a long quiet beat until - pop ! everyone jump and grab whoever 's closest for dear life ... but it be just the firewood crack . Tom look at he arm : Howard be still cling to it . Max break the tension with some bad news : max ( cont ’d ) we be almost out of firewood . Tom solemnly nod , then notice something : the grandfather clock have stop tick . Tom look at he family , on the verge of fall apart . with grim determination , he head for the kitchen ... int . kitchen - moment later Tom rummages through a junk drawer , pull out a STREET map . Sarah pad in and pour some very cold coffee , hand tremble so badly she spill it all over the counter . she start wiping it up when Tom stop she and take she hand in he . gently : tom when they take howie ... what do you see in there ? Sarah stare into she coffee , unable to say it out loud . her mind still struggle to make sense of it . sarah you believe she , do not you ? that story ? beat . Tom do not answer , but he face say he might . sarah ( cont ’d ) I ... I be go out there to find Beth , Tom . I have to . I do not care if I die try , I can not sit around here -- 68 . tom I know . grab Howard and Linda . I have a idea . int . attic bedroom - morning Linda sit on the attic floor , sorting through the charree christmas gift salvage from the live room . some need fresh wrapping , other be melt into goo . Linda fight back she despair while chrissy gurgle nearby . linda that 's right , honey , there 's still hope . Linda then come across the parchment - wrap ornate gift , the one that be on the porch when the fedex guy come . they be half -burned but she optimistically keep they . sarah ( o.s. ) Linda ? Linda turn to she sister , try to stay upbeat : linda hey , do you have any superglue ? sarah yeah , maybe ... hey , could we talk to you and Howard for a second ? linda can it wait ? I really want to rewrap this . for the kid . sarah it 's important . int . live room - same time Max translate as the girl fire off question . this be the most attention omi have get from she grandkid in year . jordan but what if you be good all year ? stevie and you leave out milk and cookie and do everything else right ? 69 . omi es ist nicht das , be sie tun , aber be sie glauben . be sie schon aufgegeben . hier. max it be not what believe . what ( point to in here . ( translating ) you do , but what you you have give up ... he heart ) omi look right at Max when she say this ... and Max notice . stevie but can not we make he go away ? omi answer but Max have trouble understanding . jordan what 's she say ? max I be not sure , she - aunt dorothy she say we be fuck . omi shrug in confirmation . max how have you -aunt dorothy because I be old enough to know when life be comin 's at you with its dick out . kid look at each other -- gross . int . kitchen - moment later Tom plunk keys onto the counter . Howard recognize they . howard the snow plow ? tom it be beat to hell , but if it still run I can drive it back here , then everyone pile into the car and follow while I clear a path in front of we . 70 . linda and go where ? sarah ( point to a map ) the megamart double as a emergency shelter . that might be why they still have power . if that 's empty , we try the police station . linda and if they be ... go ? tom we keep drive until we see some light . people , plow road , somewhere safe for the kid . sarah and then we will come back with help . for Beth and howie . Howard look at Linda , uneasy . but Howard then realize : howard hang on , you be not talk about go for the plow by yourself , be you ? Tom nod , eye Howard 's injure leg . tom shepherd 's gotta protect he flock . int . attic bedroom - same time push in on the pile of gift . suddenly , one of the ornate box start moving . something inside throbs and undulate . other gift follow , twitching like egg about to hatch as we - smash to : binocular Pov : snowmen now fill the yard , all more monstrous than ever . all stare at the house . int . live room - same time Max use the binoculars . behind he , omi tend the fire . 71 . binocular Pov : frozen tree ... the yard ... and then that strange glow on the distant horizon . the same flickering light of the megamart Tom see earlier . Max stare at the light , he curiosity grow ... he binocular Pov then pan across the dark house across the street until we see a huge figure perched on a roof . max gasp -- fumble with the binocular -- but when he look outside again , the hunch figure be go . Max blink , wonder if he imagine it , but know he probably do not ... at the fireplace stevie reach into a stocking look for something to eat . nothing . she move to the next stocking , not notice that something deep inside be moving . twist and turn . stevie 's hand reach deeper ... deeper ... get closer when a hand land on she shoulder . she whirl around in surprise and point a motorized spinning lolipop at : jordan stevie ? stevie what ?! jordan I think aunt dorothy clogge up the shitter . stevie so use the one upstairs . Jordan bite she lip , hesitant . stevie ( cont ’d ) what ? you afraid to go by yourself ? ( off Jordan 's look ) jesus. C ’mon . they grab flashlight and leave -- not notice as something SMALL dart through the shadow behind they ... int . AIR duct - same time someone 's Pov move through the air duct , accompany by the pitter patter of tiny foot . the Pov dart and weave , follow the sound of echoing voice until it find : 72 . the adult talk in the kitchen . the Pov spy through the vent as they look over a map of the town . tom the plow 's only three block away . linda yeah but three block will feel like three mile in this mess . howard and what about that thing under the snow ? tom we hurt it once . we can do it again . linda have you guy tell Max . sarah no . not yet ... behind they : a knife rise towards the ceiling AIR vent , suspend by a long ribbon , hoist by something unseen . chrissy spot it and start point , but by the time Linda turn around , the knife have already vanish into the vent ... int . upstair hallway - same time stevie shiver , anxiously wait for Jordan outside the bathroom . we can hear she mess around inside . stevie ( pound on door ) you give birth in there or what ? int . bathroom - same time eye brim with tear , Jordan stare at a photo of howie eat a cheeseburger as big as he head . suddenly -- pitter patter pitter patter -- from the air vent . Jordan freeze . listen closer , but hear nothing . int . upstair hallway - same time the bathroom door open and Jordan step out . 73 . stevie you do ? Jordan nod when they both hear a muffled voice come from the attic . the word be unclear , but it sound like ... stevie ( cont ’d ) Beth ...? the girl approach the attic staircase . listen . stevie ( cont ’d ) Beth ? you up there ? a long silence . uncomfortably long . and then : beth ( o.s. ) stevie ? Jordan ? what be you do ? it really be Beth . as clear as day . the girl smile , happy to hear she cousin 's voice . head upstairs . jordan where have you be ? everyone 's freaking out - but there 's something off about Beth 's voice . unnatural . int . attic bedroom - continuous the girl ascend into the shadow attic . the candle Linda light earlier be still burn , casting shadow on the wall . jordan where be you ? beth ( o.s. ) over here . the girl follow Beth 's voice to the pile of burned gift Linda be re-wrapping . then they notice something odd ... the ornate gift . they be open . ripped and shred from within , like something claw and chew its way out . beth ( o.s. ) ( cont ’d ) no peek before christmassss ... startle , the girl spin around . and then they screeeeam . 74 . int . kitchen - same time ... which echoe through the house . everyone jump , look up . linda jordan ?! stevie ?? Linda run from the room and into - int . live room - continuous Linda follow the scream which seem to come from everywhere . rosie the bulldog whimper and stare up the staircase . linda oh my God where be they ?! baby ?? but the scream abruptly stop . Howard , Sarah , Tom enter as Linda zeroe in on aunt dorothy accusingly . linda ( cont ’d ) where be they ?! aunt dorothy they be just here , I think they go to the bathroom ! linda and you just let they go ?! aunt dorothy be there another option ?! linda ( call upstairs ) jordan ?! stevie ?? just the creak house and wind . Linda start up the stair but Howard grab she , hold she back . linda ( cont ’d ) let I go ! howard ! but Howard smartly sense that something be very wrong . howard shh. listen ... they hear tiny footstep follow by giggle . linda jordie ! stevie ? oh God , please answer ... 75 . Tom draw he gun . sarah what be you do ? tom you guy stay , I will check - linda forget it , that be we kid , Tom . sarah and no one 's go anywhere in this house alone . tom well someone 's gotta stay behind . howard I will stay . sarah you sure ? Howard look at Max , omi , dorothy and chrissy -- the family member who need the most protection . howard yeah . I be sure . moment later each carry flashlight , Tom , Sarah , and Linda climb the staircase . Tom have the gun , Sarah the axe , Linda a hammer . Linda make brief eye contact with Howard before disappear into the shadow . Howard mouth '' I love you . '' int . upstair hallway - continuous darkness and eerie silence . Tom lead the way , gun raise . they be all shaking from fear , the cold , or both . tom ( whisper ) stay together . a loud creak echoe from the attic stairwell , follow by more footstep and whisper . 76 . int . live room - same time lit only by fire and candle , Max , omi , dorothy and Howard anxiously listen to every sound from upstairs . dorothy cradle chrissy , try to comfort both herself and the baby . feeling a impalpable sense of guilt , Max turn to omi . max omi , I think this might all be my fault ... omi gently pull he closer . and then , behind they , we notice something in the firelight . something on the mantel that be not there a moment ago : a large nutcracker . design to look like a toy soldier , but with eerily realistic tooth . it stand perfectly still , but its appearance be more than unnerve .. suddenly , a metallic clang echoe from the kitchen follow by breaking glass . Howard spin and aim he shotgun . rosie growl . sound like someone rummage around . max ( cont ’d ) uncle Howard ? howard shh. Howard peer down the hall . more clanging . dish break . howard ( cont ’d ) rosie , c’mon girl . but rosie whimper and hide behind a couch . howard ( cont ’d ) useless turd . ( to the other ) alright . wait here . Howard grab a kerosene lantern and head for the kitchen ... int . attic - same time Tom lead the way up the stair . it 's pitch black and even colder up here . a layer of mist hang in the air while icicle and frost creep over the wall and pile of junk . tom Jordan ? stevie ? 77 . they hear a faint moan from the far end of the attic -- where it 's darkest . and disturbingly , it 's accompany by what can only be describe as moist chewing . they hesitantly follow the sound , flashlight shaking . int . live room - same time chrissy whimper . even the baby can feel the dread . aunt dorothy it 's okay , I get you , we be gonna be okay ... gripping the fire poker , Max stand guard . but he fail to notice that the nutcracker that be on the mantel a moment ago ... be now go . int . kitchen - same time Howard creep in . heart racing . Light and shadow play trick on he mind . pot and broken glass litter the floor , as if something tore across the counter knock thing over . Howard then inch past the kitchen island , where a gingerbread house sit . and inside , something move ... int . attic bedroom - same time weaving they way through a maze of junk , Tom , Sarah , and Linda follow the chewing noise to the far side of the attic . Tom ready he gun . Linda be shaking so badly that she can barely aim she flashlight . they exchange nervous glance as they slowly peer over some old furniture and box . they flashlight first illuminate what look like a small wooden BOX , a fade jack -in - the - BOX with a tiny handle - similar to the one Beth find when she be take . the lid be already open , but instead of a toy , something else have emerge from the box . some sort of '' creature '' ... flashlight pan across its thick serpentine abdomen -- like a massive fleshly intestine sprawle across the floor , only at least eight foot long and horrifyingly bloat and distend . a scream rise in Linda 's throat , but it be not until they flashlight find the jack-in- the - box 's torso that the scream really begin . because its upper body be that of 78 . a clown . a dirty , rag harlequin toy that claw its way out of a childhood nightmare and into reality . even worse , the clown 's stubby arm be clutching jordan 's legs -- shove she head first into its dislocate jaw , try to swallow she whole . the clown then wink its black soulless eye as gulp - Jordan be fully devoure . then , horribly , it wipe he putrid mouth and smile . delicioussss . as Linda finally scream . int . live room - same time dorothy and Max hear the scream . int . kitchen - same time so do Howard . howard linda ?! he bolt for the door when twhip twhip twhip -- he 's hit by something small and fast , then fall to the floor in agony . Howard look down to see six nail embed in he leg . hear something , he look up to see the nail gun on the counter -- and hold the gun , unbelievably , be a bizarre trio of sinister gingerbread men . no doubt cousin of the one that take howie , the gingerbread try to aim the nail gun while bicker and slapping each other like the little asshole they be . Howard blink . momentarily stunne to say the least . howard ( cont ’d ) but I be a good boy this year ... twhip twhip twhip -- the gingerbread fire again but Howard grab a cutting board , use it as a shield . int . attic bedroom - same time the clown bend over the grab he next victim : stevie , sprawle and unconscious on the floor . 79 . sarah shoot it , tom ! for GOD 's sake , shoot it !! tom fire , hit a cluster of junk -- startle , the clown drop stevie and screech off into the shadow . int . live room - same time scream fill the house . aunt dorothy Jesus , what be that sound ?! Max clutches the fire poker , too scared to move . int . kitchen - same time dish shatter all around Howard as he crawl on the floor , dodging a rapid-fire volley of nail . pin in a corner , he recover , try to get a bead on the gingerbread . he can hear they move , knock over pot and pan , still whisper and bicker with each other . int . attic bedroom - same time linda ( rush to stevie ) oh God baby , wake up , please wake up ! stevie moan , groggy but alive . Linda cradle she , when . something move behind they . pitter - patter pitter - patter they spin . flashlight barely illuminate the attic . . in front of they . they spin again , shaking . pitter -patter and then a noise . whispering from above . everyone shine they flashlight upwards to see a face glaring down from the rafter . but it be not human , it 's a dement porcelain christmas cherub cling to the beam screeching like a bat , she tatter wing spread wide . they scream as the cherub lunge , knock Sarah to the ground . linda rush to help when something SMALL and furry leap from the shadow and crunch ! bite into her arm . and when we finally get a good look at it , we realize it 's a 80 . teddy bear . a dirty patchwork toy that have somehow sprung to life . it growls and sink its very real tooth and claw into Linda 's arm , mauling she like a rabid animal . Tom try pull the bear away when he suddenly cry out , arching backwards , hand try to reach for a kitchen knife that have be stab between he shoulder . but even weirder , a clanging rusty toy robot be cling to the handle , twisting the blade deeper into Tom 's back . this grotesque holiday toy be what '' hatched '' from the mysterious ornate present and they be alive -- attack with shocking strength and speed . meanwhile ... in a corner : the clown slither to a vent , strain to pull it open and escape with Jordan in its belly . int . kitchen - same time still pin against a corner , another nail hit Howard 's shoulder -- another in he forearm . he scream as the gingerbread laugh , enjoy they sadistic fun . Howard finally spot the little fucker cluster on the kitchen island , right next to sarah 's creme brulee torch . Howard aim he shotgun and boom ! the torch explode and the gingerbread be blast off the counter . one be blow to piece while the other two hit the floor , hilariously screeching and run around on fire . and Howard enjoy watch they burn . but the gingerbread will not give up . spot howard , the flame hellspawn let out a angry scream and start run right at he , scamper across the floor . howard fire again , blast one away , but the final gingerbread lunge through the smoke , about to latch its burn body onto Howard 's face when a pair of jaw snap the gingerbread in mid-air . it 's rosie . the fat dog shake and maul the cookie to piece . tiny hand suddenly grab Howard , who shriek and flail until he realize it 's just max . max C ’mon ! 81 . Max drag Howard away as rosie linger behind , stare at the gingerbread man 's head , still alive , angrily screeching . rosie curiously watch it for a moment , then eat it . int . attic bedroom - same time the cherub cackle and wrap a string of christmas light around Sarah 's throat , strangling she as it sadistically sing in beth 's voice while linda bashes teddy with she flashlight but it will not let go , its gruesome face spatter with fresh blood , as tom battle the toy robot , still try to pull the knife from he back . they careen around the room before Tom slam he head against a expose pipe and be knock out cold . but even in all this chaos , Linda catch a glimpse of the clown try to escape into a vent across the room . linda no !!! fuele by a mother 's rage , linda scream , break off a sharp icicle from a attic beam and stab it into teddy 's eye . the bear scream as Linda hurl it across the attic , disappear behind some clutter . her perky Christmas sweater now tear and bloodstain , Linda lunge for the axe and - linda ( cont ’d ) hey ! thwack ! she cut the robot in half with a shower of spark . linda ( cont ’d ) Tom ? you need to get up . ( he do not move ) I say up ! Linda yank the knife out and he instantly awaken - tom gah ! she use she scarf to cover Tom 's wound . linda keep pressure on it . 82 . her fierce eye snap to the cherub still strangling Sarah . enrage , linda charge -- the once passive , chubby soccer mom now wield a axe like a battle - harden warrior . cherub wuhoh ! the cherub smartly let go of Sarah and scamper into the shadow . Linda help Sarah to she foot . linda sis , you okay ?! sarah yeah ... I think - linda good , help Tom ! Linda leave and rush towards the AIR vent . where the clown have pull the grate off and be now try to squeeze its way inside , but its bulbous body be stuck . it shriek , desperately try to get away just as linda come rush at it , axe raise . linda ( cont ’d ) give I back my daughter ! with one final squeeze , the clown disappear into the vent just as thwack -- Linda 's axe miss it by inch . the clown cackle as it escape into the duct . Linda try go after it but she can not fit . sarah be help Tom to he foot : sarah it 's okay honey , you be gonna be okay - suddenly the robot lunge , still alive -- but Sarah grab Tom 's gun and blam blam blam -- blow it to piece . Tom stare at he wife , amaze by she reflex . sarah ( cont ’d ) ( off he look ) what ? Linda return with stevie in she arm . 83 . linda C ’mon , it 's in the vent . we have to find it before -more scream suddenly join the fray -- from downstairs . sarah oh my God ... tom max ! howard ?! they bolt for the stair . int . live room - continuous Max help Howard limp into the live room as Tom , Linda , and Sarah come rush back down . dorothy hold the baby close . aunt dorothy what happen up there ?! Linda sit stevie down in a chair . linda they get Jordan . ( to stevie ) it will be alright , baby . just breath , that 's it . breathe ... Howard 's face turn white upon hearing this . aunt dorothy who ?! linda that thing that take howie . ( look at omi ) whatever they be . Tom and Sarah rush to Max . tom hey you okay ? max yeah , fine , I be fine - Max wrap a blanket around stevie , who be tremble in shock . jordan 's scream fill the house , follow by more thumping as the clown slither its way through the vent . 84 . enrage , Howard spring to he foot and reload he shotgun . howard this end right here , right now . they eye be glue to the ceiling and wall , try to follow the noise but they seem to be come from everywhere . linda I think it 's panic , try to find a way outside . tom we board everything . howard what be we deal with Linda ?! what have you see up there ? linda you do not wanna know . howard hon , I just get my ass kick by a bunch of Christmas cookie , so trust I when I tell you I can take it ! sarah shh ! everyone anxiously listen to the thumping and scream . sometimes close , sometimes distant . Max suddenly notice rosie whimper and scratch at a large vent near the floor . a idea spark and Max rush to pull the vent open . tom Max , what be you do ? max go get em , girl ! rosie charge into the vent , bark and growl . the family listen as the dog start hunt the clown -sniff ... pad around the vent ... and then they hear the clown shrieking in terror as it 's chase , attack , and maul . we hear a flurry of barking and screeching as they off - screen battle become more vicious and intense . 85 . chunks of wall and ceiling bulge and crack from the pursuit . pipe burst , water sprays , Sarah 's gallery of family portrait shatter on the floor . but it sound like rosie be winning -- slowly drag the panicked creature towards the vent ... howard get ‘em rosie ... kill it ... but then they hear a loud whump . follow by silence . everyone look around . linda rosie ? more uncomfortable silence , for far too long . and then the live room ceiling crack and cave in -- everyone duck , dodging fall debris as the clown 's massive body hit the floor with a sick wet thud . the beast be now even more horrifying , cover in dirt , grime , and cobweb -- and it have devoure rosie . the dog 's shape now visible in the clown 's swollen belly with Jordan . the clown screech and howl , futilely attempt to crawl away but it 's now too fat to move . Howard be freeze with terror while the rest of the family surround the clown , try to keep it from escape again . linda ( cont ’d ) kill it , Howard ! but the clown viciously defend itself -- hiss and claw at they like a trap animal . Sarah lunge with a knife , try to cut its belly open , but the clown bite she hand . Tom pull she back to safety . finally snap out of he daze , Howard raise the shotgun , aim for the monster 's head , about to pull the trigger when something SMALL and fast fly through the air and latch onto Howard , slamm he to the ground . it 's the cherub - its tatter wing wrap around Howard 's head as it scratch and bite he face . howard get it off I , get it off ! Tom and Sarah rush to pull the little monster away . 86 . suddenly , the clown arch back and let loose with a terrifying primal howl -- as if cry for help . it 's so chaotic that no one notice as the teddy bear rise up behind omi , stand on a shelf -- hold a rolling pin . max omi ! thwack ! it hit she . she fall . furious , aunt dorothy grab Howard 's shotgun off the floor and boom -- blow the teddy bear to piece . Max rush to omi -- daze but alive . and that 's when the FIRE extinguisher go off , fill the room with billow cloud of white . and when the cloud dissipate , Max see the nutcracker , clutching the extinguisher . it scamper away . max ( cont ’d ) dad ...? tom and sarah finally pull the cherub off of Howard and hurl it against a wall as boom -- aunt dorothy nail it with the shotgun too . feather and porcelain fly everywhere . everyone then turn they attention back to the clown . tom aunt dorothy ... finish it ... aunt dorothy with pleasure . she raise the shotgun , but the clown no longer seem afraid . a sick smile spread across its face as if it know something they do not . and we - push in on omi , she face fill with dread , realize : omi elfen ... smash ! smash ! smash ! multiple pair of tiny arm start break through the window -- grabbing dorothy and wrestle the gun away from she . wind fill the room , candle be blow out . it 's difficult to see this new creature in the darkness , but they clearly be not toy . bigger , meaner and stronger , they be elfen . the dark elve . 87 . laugh and snicker , the elve quickly tear through the board and barricade and tumble into the live room . there be seven of they , all similar but slightly different . dress in dirty pelt and fur , they leathery skin be chap and crack from the cold . they face cover by primitive mask carve into terrifying expression while string of bone and bell clatter around they neck . the elve surround the clown , protect it like a prize pet , while the nutcracker obediently scamper to they side . one of the elve even examine the remain of the cherub and teddy bear -- mourn they loss . it 's as if the toy be hunt dog and the elve be the hunter . tom grab the axe , about to attack , but the elve press a dagger against dorothy 's throat . it 's a stand - off . aunt dorothy goddamnit , Tom ! I be push seventy with nothing go on but booze and re-run -- do it ! but Tom can not . suddenly , heavy rusty chain adorn with thick hook smash through the break window . move quickly , the elve attack the chain to the clown , then wrap they tight around aunt dorothy . howard can not take it . he break free from the other and lunge at the clown , grab onto its sick '' tail '' just as the chain be pulled taught and dorothy , the clown , and Howard be all yank out the window and into the darkness . linda scream as she 's hold back by Tom and Sarah . only Max , Tom , Sarah , omi , Linda , and baby chrissy remain , hopelessly surround by the elve . the snarling creature inch closer , toy with the family , jabbing at they with dagger and spear . Linda clutches chrissy and stevie while Tom and Sarah slash at the elve , try to keep they at bay . Max hold onto omi , terrify . the family brace themselves , but suddenly -- the elve stop in they track , stare upwards as if hearing something . something . and then sense 88 . the elve scatter , scramble and leaping out at the break window . beat. silence . as the family look around . linda h-h-howard ...? aunt dorothy ..? Sarah comfort Linda , whose mind be start to crack . Tom move fast , sorting through the rubble for the shotgun . tom Max , the ammo . Max scramble , grab shotgun shell off the floor , scattered next to crush ornament and cookie . sarah where -- where have they go ? tom I be more worried about when they come back . I say we make a break for it . sarah for what ?! tom the snow plow . it 's we only shot . linda ( panic ) this be a nightmare -- it have to be , it can not be real . God , why be this happen to we ? why be this happen to we family ?! pop hiss - Max turn to see omi with a match , try to reignite the fire . the wind blow it out but she keep try . tom Mom , stop -- we be leave . but she will not . tom ( cont ’d ) mom , you have to stop ! Tom grab she , force she . they stare at each other . Tom see the pain and fear in he mother 's eye when faint sleigh bell ring in the distance . get closer . everyone freeze , strain to listen as the bell get closer and closer . louder . and then -- 89 . booooom ! the house shake as something land on the roof . and as it do , the christmas light begin to eerily flicker and strobe . a record player kick on , blast a warpe and distort rendition of '' here come santa claus '' . everyone gawk , listen to boom . boom . boom . whatever 's up there clomp towards the chimney , accompany by hoarse breathing and clanking chain . max it 's he . the temperature plunge . frost spread across wall . ornament jingle with each thud , herald he arrival . everyone back away from the fireplace as black ash trickle down the chimney , the hoarse breathing grow louder . tom C ’mon ! in the foyer Tom remove the barricade , clutching the shotgun , brace for whatever await they outside . sarah Tom ? Tom stare at he family . do not know what to say , except : tom everyone hold onto each other . crack ! the ceiling splinter as the creature start force its way down the chimney . Tom fling open the door . wind fill the room . the family grab each other and start trudging outside ... ext . front porch - continuous nearly knock over by wind , everyone do they best to help each other . Max and omi be about to leave when omi abruptly stop just shy of the door . max omi ? what 's wrong ? she tearfully stare at Max , then : 90 . omi be good . as omi slam the door shut , lock they outside . max omi !! everyone stop , see Max pound on the door . tom mom ?! int . live room - same time omi slide the barricade back into place , then calmly approach the hearth , watch as the chimney bulge and break from the descend monster . tom ( o.s. ) mom , OPEN the door ! mom !!! but omi have resign herself to this sacrifice . ext . front porch - same time tom mom !!! watch Tom futilely pound on the door , Max realize : max dad ... she want we to go ... Tom stop . know Max be right . max ( cont ’d ) she 's try to help . suddenly , they all flinch as a howl pierce the air -- the terrifying roar of the snowbeast ... and it 's get closer . resigned , Tom look at he son . at Sarah and Linda . it 's a agonizing choice no son or father should have to make . choke back tear , Tom back away from the door . they leave , carefully keep away from the snowmen . but as the family be engulf by the storm , one of the snowmen seem to turn its head ... watch they . 91 . int . live room - same time omi gawk as black smoke pour out of the fireplace . the brick and mantel crack as the music stop , skip on a static loop as the record have reach its end . suddenly two long skeletal arm reach out form the hearth like pale spider leg cover in ash and soot . taloned hand then clutch the lip of the hearth and pull the massive body out of the chimney . Bones crunch and SNAP as it twist and contort to squeeze through . thud . a huge hoof hit the floor , crush a Santa Claus ornament . thud . the other hoof follow . omi be oddly unafraid as this ancient , old world demon begin to rise , slowly unfurl itself to stand at its full height . meet krampus . his hulk form be drape in heavy layer of pelt and fur , all dark red as if dyed with blood . long chain and rusty bell clank with each step . and while we see he silhouette in the flicker lantern light , we never see the detail of he horrid face . we only see a mane of wild hair and a matte beard cover with frost and ice , frame two sink glistening eye . krampus loom over omi , hissing with perverse glee . a long serpentine tongue emerge from he mouth as he caress she cheek , savore they reunion . krampus then turn and open he huge bag of toy and a chorus of whisper and snicker rise within ... terror fill omi 's face as this mischievous chitter grow louder . but before she can scream , a flurry of tiny monstrous form burst from the bag as we - smash to : scream wind . reaching its apex , the frigid storm be a deadly combination of snow , sleet , and hail . 92 . ext . neighborhood street - continuous the neighborhood be unrecognizable . house and car be completely bury . Broken tree cover in ice . it look more like a dark fantasy landscape than suburbia . a lone flashlight pierce the darkness as the mute sound of a crying baby barely rise over the tempest . the family wade through waist - deep snow , try to stay together . Tom lead , do he best to guide they . Max look back at they house one last time as its christmas light flicker and go out . his heart break , realize omi be go ... we hear nothing but the screeching STORM . it 's too cold for the family to even speak . they can only point and gesture . face frost-bitten . hand turn blue . they be freezing . this be a death march . linda stumble , nearly drop chrissy , but Max and stevie help she back up . tom look around , try to get he bearing , when he spot the charree wreckage of Howard 's hummer , only ten foot away . which mean the snow plow be not far ... Tom gesture for everyone to follow when they hear the snowbeast 's roar in the distance . get closer . they try to move faster , fight the wind , try to help each other . either they will all survive this or no one will . sinister eye watch they from the darkness . prowl in the tree . crawl across roof like wolf hunt they prey . suddenly Max spot something moving under the snow , tunneling towards they . Max tug at Tom , frantically point . Tom see it , aim the shotgun and boom ! the snowbeast howl in agony but keep burrow under the snow ... get closer and closer ... Sarah , Linda , stevie and Max keep run as Tom fire again and again until boom ! Black blood erupt -- and the monster seem to retreat and disappear . for now . the family desperately move as fast as they can but it 's like run through quicksand . they turn a corner and spot the snow plow , only thirty foot away . they last hope , lightning flash . and in the burst of light they see 93 . the snowbeast come at they again . tom wave for the other to keep go as he linger behind , put himself between the creature and he family . sarah cry , begging Tom to come , but he will not budge . all he can do be mouth '' I love you '' in the harsh wind . Max watch as he parent gaze at each other in a final heartbreaking good - bye . and then Tom look at Sarah and Max , hand the key to Sarah , and urgently mouth '' go . '' and as much as it pain they -- they do . Tom watch until they fade into the mist . he then scan the darkness , try to see through the storm , when he spot the snowbeast , circle he -- tom fire -- snow explode - Tom keep shoot until click . he 's empty . Tom close he eye , brace himself . and in a burst of wind ... he 's go . pull under the surface . at the snow plow stevie climb in first , then help pull Max up to safety . Linda be lag , struggle to carry chrissy . Sarah turn to help when she spot the creature tunneling at they , close in . Linda see it too . panic . tries move faster but it 's impossible . the creature be fifteen foot away ... ten ... six ... stevie and Max helplessly watch as the monster descend on Linda and chrissy , and in the blink of a eye -- mother and daughter be pull under . sarah nooo ! without hesitate , Sarah dive into the snow . a long tense beat as stevie and Max scan the sea of white . and then - sarah resurface next to the plow with chrissy in she arm . she hand the baby and key to Max . sarah ( cont ’d ) m-m-max ... t- t - take it ... g-g- go ... max no -- Mom , you can make it , you can -- 94 . Sarah weakly smile just as she 's pulled back under . beat . silence . as Max tremble , clutching the baby . max ( cont ’d ) mom ?! mom !!! but she 's go . everyone be go . Max and stevie gaze at each other , realize they be the only one leave as we - smash to : moment later Max slam the door , hand the baby to stevie . fumble with the key and try the engine . it sputter but do not start . he try again ... again ... max c’mon ... c’ mon ! outside the window : lightning flash revealing dozen of snowmen -- now a throng of horrid icicle - cover monster . get closer just as the engine finally rumble to life . Max throw it into reverse and back it out from the tree . ext . STREET - same time the tire spin for a beat before catch . the huge metal scraper blade lower as Max line it up to face the snowmen . max merry Christmas , asshole . max punch it and the plow start barreling through snowmen , smash they to piece . int . snow plow - same time Max mow they down with a vengeful smile when crash ! something huge land on the roof , buckle the metal . stevie scream and shield chrissy , hold she tight as krampus 's claw tear through the roof like tissue paper . cold wind rush in while the kid stare in horror . bird 's eye krampus Pov : rise high into the air , gaze down at the kid . we hover for a beat , then swoop back down on the scream child until we - smash to : 95 . darkness . silence . for a uncomfortably long time . we might even expect the credit to start roll . until ... Max open he eye . still sit behind the wheel . snowflake float down around he through the tear roof . the wind have stop . we only hear the idling motor of the plow . confused , Max look at the seat next to he -- empty . stevie and chrissy be go . and then he spot it : a rusty sleigh bell . just like the one omi find decade ago when she family be take , when she be leave behind . Max hesitantly pick up the bell and look closer , find the same inscription : gruss vom krampus . tremble , he stare through the windshield where he notice something : the glowing light of the megamart on the horizon . Max bite he lip , gear turn . wonder . hope . then , clutching the rusty bell , Max make a decision as we : CUT to : ext . snowy street - night the snow plow rumble through desolate street , head toward the mysterious light . int . snow plow - same time Max nervously stare out the window , get a firsthand look at the destruction krampus have bring upon the town : Cars overturn . house burn . decoration littering the street . a police cruiser sit empty , red and blue light randomly flicker . and snowmen lurk everywhere . try to stay calm , Max anxiously hum a Christmas song to himself . it do not help . then he see something huge emerge from the fog ahead : the megamart . but the store be unrecognizable . completely freeze over , it 's now a ominous mountain of frost and ice . ext . megamart - same time the plow come to a stop in front of the store . Max climb out , clutching a tire iron as he only weapon . 96 . dread grip he as he stare up at the cave- like entrance . it resemble a demon 's gape maw , rimmed with hundred of icicle for tooth . but this profane place be far from abandon . faint light be visible deep within its icy wall -- a mix of blink Christmas light and flicker fire . and then Max hear something in the desolate quiet : christmas music . Erie and haunt , it echoe from inside the store . mustering what little courage he have leave , Max grip the tire iron and enter ... int . megamart - night warbling christmas muzak echoe everywhere , slowed down and distort as if play from a warpe and break record . and it be a far cry from the bustling holiday scene we see before . the store be in ruin , ransacke , its dark aisle now cover in ten foot of snow . Max enter cautiously , eye darting between dark corner and strange shadow . giant toy soldier greet he , all point the way to santa’s village . Max do not trust they one bit . move past the Village 's empty cottage , Max try to head deeper into the store but he 's block by a wall of snow mount and freeze junk , at least fifteen to twenty foot high . so with no other way to go but up , Max begin to climb ... on top of the snow mound nervously reach the crest , Max peek over the edge and a mix of terror and wonder fill he eye as he gawk at : max what the ... int . krampus 's workshop - continuous like a Christmas card paint by Hieronymus bosch , the store have be transformed into a musty factory fill with strange clanking machinery , all be run by a dozen dark elve . the machine form a bizarre rube Goldberg device cobble together from equipment scavenge from the store : bit of wash machine , lawn mower , exercise gear and appliance . 97 . the store 's giant christmas tree dominate the room , but it 's now freeze , break , and surround by pile of leather sack . like giant treasure mound scattered as far as they eye can see , the sack look as if they might contain frozen body . Max gape at this nightmarish sight , when he slowly realize he do not just climb a snow mound -- he climbed one of these body pile . hand shaking , he open a icy bag to discover a mail man . frozen solid . and next to he , a waitress . and there be hundred more . at least one bag for every person . gather himself , Max then watch as the elve get to work and we see exactly what this workshop create : the elve first toss the frozen bagged victims onto a clanking conveyor belt one by one . Max watch as the belt carry the body through the store , sloping upwards until it finally dump the sack into ... a huge vat at least twenty foot tall and fifteen foot wide , weld together from chunks of sheet metal and roofing . a raging FIRE burn beneath as one freeze townsperson after another plummet into the vat , disappear under a thick layer of steam and smoke , into who -know - what . more elve stand at the vat 's edge , cranking a huge mixing blade that stir this horrid '' pulp '' together . and it get worse : thick tube connect the vat to a network of steaming pipe that split off and feed the pulp into a network of machinery . one machine inject the pulp into different sort of tiny limb , head and torso , which be then assemble into new creepy toy before they be box up by a team of elve . another machine mix the batter with flour , egg , and spice before they be roll , press , and bake to become fresh hot gingerbread men -- already smile with maniacal glee . then , a final machine feed the pulp into a network of stove and grill rig together to create a giant chugging oven . a final conveyor belt roll out from this oven , revealing ... loave of fruitcake . yes , fruitcake . the sticky loaf be then wrap , ribbone , and stack by a final team of elve . at least now you know what they be really make of . suddenly a crying baby echoe . door burst OPEN and Max watch as freshly freeze victim be wheeled in on a cart - and baby chrissy be one of they . 98 . the elve be oddly fascinate , poke and play with she . and it 's she scream they savor the most . the elve then begin encase the other freeze victim in burlap bag : tom , sarah , linda , howard , dorothy , jordan , stevie and howie JR . even rosie the bulldog be here . Max gawk as he entire family be prepped for they doom . max God ... no . someone 's Pov : creep through the mountain of body , come up behind Max , scurrying low and quick until it pounce . max shriek but a hand cover he mouth , gawk at max ( cont ’d ) beth ?! alive but traumatize , Beth be shaking and frostbitten . beth ( rambling , in shock ) he take I ... s-s-s-anta ... he come ... he 's real , Max ...he 's real ! oh God , I be so sorry we make fun of you ... I mean , who know , right ? be we in hell ?! max no ! that be not Santa , we be not in hell , and yes you guy be jerk , but we gotta save they -- look ! Max point to they freeze family , who be now be dumped onto the conveyer belt by the elve . chrissy include . beth Mom ? d-d-dad ? max Beth , we have to do something . do you understand ? Beth nod , try to shake off she shock . beth but ... what can we do ? Max look around the store and spot the sporting good department , idea brewing ... 99 . int . megamart - on top of the vat - moment later the elve be startle by a classic familiar voice : jimmy stewart ( o.s. ) clarence ! help I , clarence ! I do not care what happen to I ! a lead elf point for the other to investigate . int . megamart - electronics department jimmy stewart ( on tv ) please give I back my wife and kid ! I want to live again ! I want to live again ! the elve arrive to find row of tvs play it 's a wonderful life with Jimmy Stewart run through the street : jimmy stewart ( on tv ) ( cont ’d ) merry Christmas movie house ! merry Christmas , emporium ! for a moment , the elve seem confuse and even touch by the old movie when bam ! the elve turn to see Beth hold a baseball bat . and she have just knock out a support leg for the display which tip the tvs over and crush the elve like bug - screeching , popping , and convulsing as they be electrocute . int . megamart - on top of the vat three elve be still work at the top of the vat when thunk ! a arrow suddenly pierce the lead elf 's eye , black blood spraying everywhere as he plunge into the vat . the remain two elve whirl around , try to find the culprit when thwip twhip twhip -- a volley of arrow hit they . they fall in , scream , as we whip pan to reveal : max . conceal among the freeze body , wield a hunting crossbow like a tiny assassin . int . megamart - under the conveyer belt - moment later Max crawl under the machine , work he way towards a control BOX that power the complicated system of grinding gear and piston . 100 . he pause as more elve scurry past , rush towards the commotion Beth just cause . finally reach the control BOX , Max try find a way to shut it down . he turn a knob but it only make the conveyer belt move even faster . max aw , c’mon . int . megamart - various aisle Beth dart and weave through aisle with the elve in pursuit . she turn a corner and slide on a patch of ice , but grab a nearby shelf , catch herself . look up , she see the shelf be pack with glass ornament and snow globe . crash ! Beth knock they off the shelf , shatter dozen of glass bauble and globe across the floor . the elve turn the corner and slip on the ice , tumble through shard of glass , howling in pain . Beth smile to herself , until she see a larger elf racing at she , wield sharpened blade in each hand . she frantically turn a corner and bolt down another aisle . int . megamart - on the conveyer belt - same time the family be beginning the final ascent to the vat ... int . megamart - near the vat - same time panick , Max start tear at random hose , wire and cable but the machine still will not shut down ... int . dressing room - same time the elf scrape a blade across a icy wall , hunt for Beth . inside a dressing room , Beth cringe at the sound . the elf start look beneath the door . spot a pair of feet , he smile and kick OPEN the door revealing ... mannequin legs ? whack ! from behind , Beth hit the elf with she bat again and again , raging as black elf blood splatter everywhere . 101 . int . megamart - on the conveyer belt - same time the family be approach the vat 's edge ... int . megamart - near the vat - same time Max finally lurch for a FIRE axe on the wall and thwack ! Hit the control box again and again , shrieking with rage . SPARKS fly as the giant machine finally clank to a halt . Max climb up the conveyer belt and reach he family , start shaking they wildly . max Mom , dad - wake up ! no one stir . he hear the elve screeching in the distance , chase after Beth ... they be get closer . max ( cont ’d ) guy c’mon ! wake up ! sarah 's eye pop OPEN . she look around , about to scream , but Max put a hand over she mouth -- shh ! tom 's hand move , frost and ice crack away . bleary eye : tom Max ...? Max smile , tear brim as everyone start to awaken , frighten and disorient . but -- a elf be quietly rise up behind max , wield a huge wooden mallet . sarah max ! Max spin around as the mallet come down , but crack ! the elf scream as it plummet off the conveyer belt , revealing beth . clutch the baseball bat . max help I untie they ! Beth and Max start freeing they family , cut through the ribbon and garland wrap around they hand and ankle . but a eerie chorus of chitter whisper be building around they . Max look around to see 102 . dozen of creepy toy emerge from box and shelf all around the store , like spider crawl from they nest . max ( cont ’d ) faster , Beth , faster ! beth I be try ! the toy start crawl towards the conveyer belt , join by the bruise and batter elve Beth dispatch earlier . beth ( cont ’d ) I almost have it - but a huge skeletal hand suddenly reach through the smoke and grab beth . a arm hoist she up , revealing krampus . loom over they . and this time we finally see he clearly , illuminate by fire and flicker light . he wrinkle face be like a saggy mask make of leathery skin , sewn together to resemble Santa Claus , but with dark hollow eye that hint at something much worse lurking beneath . in fact , he whole appearance seem to be some sort of perverse disguise to conceal a much more sinister entity . with a deep hissss krampus gesture to he minion below . the toy and elve scramble to repair the machine . beth kick and scream as krampus curiously inspect she . sniff she . he serpentine tongue emerge from he jaw - lick he chap lip . he then turn and dangle Beth over the vat , about to drop she in when a snowball hit he face . max let her go ! krampus pause and look down at Max -- a tiny angry mouse . Max stare up defiantly , then he throw something else ... max ( cont ’d ) I say let she go ! the sleigh bell hit krampus then bounce to the ground . krampus cock he head , consider the demand . surprisingly , he then place Beth back on the conveyer belt with the rest of the family -- all stare in shock . 103 . sarah Max , what be you do ?! krampus and max face off like gunslinger . Max be struggle to stay brave . he have nothing up he sleeve , he 's make this up as he go along . then a idea hit he . a very difficult one . softly : max take ... take I instead . the family be stunne . the family Max ?! no ! be you crazy ?! Max ignore they as he walk towards krampus . max let they go . all of they . this be all my fault . take I ! krampus suddenly grab Max and lift he into the air like a puppy dangle by its nape . he pull Max close . Close enough for Max to feel the demon 's hot stinking breath . Close enough for he to see a hint of krampus 's true face under the mask of skin , and a glimmer of the demon 's real eye stare back at he . and as krampus and Max gaze at each other , something unspoken seem to pass between they . krampus 's darkness and rage seem to soften . it 's almost as if the demon 's heart be about to grow three time ... on the conveyer belt : Max 's family watch . wait . on the ground below : even the toy and elve seem oddly move by Max 's courage . but then ... krampus quietly start to laugh . Soft and rasp , but slowly building into a deep , raucous cackle . krampus sneer at he minion . a silent order be give , and the minion spring into action , turning the machine back on . max ( cont ’d ) no ! what be you do ?! take I ! I say take I !!! 104 . shock , Max helplessly watch as beth , howard , linda , and he cousins go over the edge first , scream and clutching each other as they disappear in the vat 's coiling steam . omi , Tom , and Sarah be next ... krampus then turn and dangle Max over the vat . they stare at each other one last time , Max 's eye full of regret . max ( cont ’d ) I be sorry ... and then krampus drop max into the vat . and from above , we watch as Max and he family fall together in slow motion ... we plummet with they ... falling down ... down ... until they be consume by cloud of steam and smoke , completely fill the frame with pure white . as the family 's scream fade , leave only the machine 's machine 's chugging chugging and grindi grinding . no . beat . we pull out from the solid white frame , revealing a window . cover with frost . hazy morning light pour through . we can still hear the machine 's grinding , although although now it sound more like a pass snow plow . we continue pulling out from the icy window until we find max . asleep in bed . until he spring awake , scream and flail as he tumble to the floor with a painful thud . int . max 's room - morning Max slowly sit up and look around . confused , he then move to the window and look outside . it 's snow . only this time it 's not a arctic storm , but a picturesque White Christmas : kid building snow fort , fedex drop off gift , and a snow plow clear the street . stun , Max turn to he advent calendar and open the final door to ... december 25th . what the hell ? suddenly , familiar voice echo downstairs ... 105 . int . live room - continuous Max race down the step and into the live room where he 's greet by the christmas tree , once again stand tall and bright , surround by colorful gift . beth about time you get up , we have be wait forever . Beth breeze by and join the rest of the family . howard yeah kiddo , we be worried the sugarplum fairy get ya . a warm FIRE crackle . bing crosby fill the air . rosie the bulldog lounge on she back , snoring . max you ... you be all alive ... Tom and Sarah look at each other , slightly worried . aunt dorothy plop into a chair , pour rum into she egg nog . aunt dorothy barely . have not have a hangover like this since the pope die . try to make sense of this , Max sit down between he parent as omi walk by with a tray of hot chocolate . tom what 's up , champ ? you okay ? Max stare at Linda , Howard , Jordan , stevie , howie and baby chrissy ... his whole family . all here . max yeah ... I ... yeah . just a bad dream I guess . stevie enough with this sappy crap , let 's open we damn present ! linda okay , okay , I have get it ... ( pass out gift ) howie ! Tom ! aunt dorothy ! Howard ! Jordan ! Sarah ! dad ! omi! stevie ! 106 . ribbon and wrapping paper fly . Max brace himself , half expect something monstrous to leap from the box , but it 's nothing but a sea of toy , clothes , and gadget . Linda hand Max one final gift . linda ( cont ’d ) this one 's for you , Max . but instead of open it , Max suddenly give he parent a big warm hug . sarah whoa , hey -- what 's this for ? max nothing , I -- I just ... ( to everyone ) ... merry Christmas . sarah ( shrug ) oh. well , merry Christmas , Max . tom merry Christmas , son . Max finally open he gift to find the rusty sleigh bell . and he smile drop . in fact , everyone 's smile fade as they gaze at the bell , dark surreal memory suddenly resurfacing . memories of something impossible . something horrifying . the creep realization that the Christmas magic they all once deny be terrifyingly real . the fireplace flicker as a deep wind shake the house . and barely audible somewhere in the air : fade sleigh bell . the family stare in total silence . all of they remember . krampus . his minion . everything . while on the stereo : bing crosby you better watch out , you better not cry , better not pout I be tell you why ... Santa Claus be come to town ... we pull out from the puzzle , shake family ... out the window ... and into they front yard . View more ... comment report " krampus -10.17.14-todd-casey-michael-dougherty-zach-shields.pdf " please fill this form , we will try to respond as soon as possible . you name email reason - Select reason - pornographic defamatory illegal / unlawful spam other term of service violation file a copyright complaint description Close submit var embed_script = ' < iframe src= " https://kupdf.net/embed/krampus-101714-todd-casey-michael-dougherty-zach-shieldspdf_5c8a112be2b6f5bb3dab7455.html?sp={start} " width= " {width } " height= " {height} " frameborder = " 0 " marginwidth = " 0 " marginheight = " 0 " scrolling = " no " style= " border : 1 px solid # ccc ; border-width : 1 px ; margin-bottom :5 px ; max-width : 100 % ; " allowfullscreen ></ iframe > < div style= " margin-bottom : 5 px " >< strong > < a href= " https://kupdf.net/download/krampus-101714-todd-casey-michael-dougherty-zach-shieldspdf_5c8a112be2b6f5bb3dab7455_pdf " title= " krampus-10.17.14-todd-casey-michael-dougherty-zach-shields.pdf " target= " _blank " >krampus-10.17.14-todd-casey-michael-dougherty-zach-shields.pdf</a></strong></div> ' ; share & embed " krampus -10.17.14-todd-casey-michael-dougherty-zach-shields.pdf " please copy and paste this emb script to where you want to emb embed script size ( px ) 750x600 750x500 600x500 600x400 url Close about | term | privacy | copyright | contact copyright '' 2017 kupdf Inc. ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore( a , m ) }) ( window , document , 'script ' , 'https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua - 121198730 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ; window.fbasyncinit = function ( ) { fb.init ( { app id : ' 187202571981132 ' , status : true , cookie : true , xfbml : true , oauth : true } ) ; } ; ( function ( d ) { var js , id = ' facebook - jssdk ' ; if ( d.getelementby id ( id ) ) { return ; } js = d.createElement ( ' script ' ) ; js.id = id ; js.async = true ; js.src = " //connect.facebook.net/en_us/all.js " ; d.getelementsbytagname ( 'head ' ) [ 0 ].appendchild ( js ) ; } ( document ) ) ; .donate - box { position : fix ; top : 0 ; leave : 0 ; right : 0 ; bottom : 0 ; background : rgba( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0.8 ) ; display : none ; } .donate -box -inner { background : # fff ; position : fix ; top : 50 % ; leave : 50 % ; width : 480 px ; height : 300 px ; margin-left : - 240 px ; margin-top : - 150 px ; } .donate - content { pad : 10 px ; background : #fff ; } .donate - box h4 { font-size : 20 px ; background : #df5329 ; color : #fff ; pad : 10 px 10 px ; margin-bottom : 0 ; } .tab - content { pad : 10 px ; } .tab-content . share -button { text -align : center ; margin : 0 0 10 px ; } .tab-content . share -button li { list -style : none ; display : inline-block ; margin : 0 10 px ; } .support-button { position : fix ; bottom : 0 ; right : 25 px ; } @media only screen and ( max -width : 480 px ) { .donate - box -inner { background : # fff ; position : fix ; top : 50 % ; leave : 50 % ; width : 320 px ; height : 300 px ; margin-left : - 160 px ; margin-top : - 150 px ; } } j query ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { jquery ( '.show-donate ').click ( function ( ) { jquery ( " .donate-box " ) .show ( ) ; return false ; } ) ; jquery ( " .donate-close " ) .click ( function ( ) { localstorage.set item ( ' donate ' , ' hidden_donate ' ) ; jquery ( " .donate-box " ) .hide ( ) ; return false ; } ) ; if ( localstorage.get item ( 'active tab ' ) && localstorage.get item ( ' donate ' ) != ' hidden_donate ' ) { settimeout ( function ( ) { jquery ( " .donate-box " ) .show ( ) ; } , 10000 ) ; } $ ( '.donate-box ' ) .on ( 'click ' , function ( e ) { if ( e.target !== this ) return ; j query ( " .donate-close " ) .trigger ( 'click ' ) ; } ) ; j query ( " # tab-donate-click " ) .trigger ( 'click ' ) ; } ) ; support kupdf we need you help ! thank you for interesting in we service . we be a non-profit group that run this website to share document . we need you help to maintenance this website . donate share to keep we site run , we need you help to cover we server cost ( about $ 400 / m ) , a small donation will help we a lot . share on Facebook share on Google + tweet pin it share on link in send email please help we to share we service with you friend . no , thanks ! Close the box . window.addeventlistener ( " load " , function ( ) { window.cookieconsent.initialise ( { " palette " : { " popup " : { " background " : " # 237afc " } , " button " : { " background " : " #fff " , " text " : " # 237afc " } } , " theme " : " classic " , " position " : " bottom - leave " , " content " : { " message " : " this website use cookie to ensure you get the best experience on we website . we partner will collect data and use cookie for ad personalization and measurement . " , " dismiss " : " ok " , " link " : " learn how we and we partner collect and use data. " , " href " : " https://kupdf.net/cookie-policy/ " } } ) } ) ;