" kramer versus . kramer " by Robert benton fade in : int . office '' advertising agency '' midtown '' evening wide shot a large and very comfortable office over - look St. Patrick 's Cathedral . at the moment the office be fill to burst with man and woman , slump in chair , sit on desk , all of they very tense . among the crowd of people we note : murray fisher , a young and very ambitious junior executive and phyllis bernard , a attractive woman in she early thirty . she be a lawyer with the agency . at the moment , ted kramer , nice - look without be what you would call a matinee idol , pace back and forth . his tie be loosen , he check he watch every fifteen second . clearly he be very distraught . ted ( predict the worst ) they be not gonna call ... I tell you they be not gonna call . I blow it . I do not know what I do wrong , but I '' reverse on jim o'connor Ted 's boss and good friend . he be in he middle fifty , nattily dress with the slightly bleary look of a heavy drinker . he sit back in he chair with he foot propped on the desk and a drink in one hand . o'connor ( not unfriendly ) Ted , will you take it easy ? revlon 's not about to drop a account that represent more than two million in gross billing receipt in a small agency like this , without make we sweat . now just relax , okay ? everything 's gonna be fine . ted ( at this stage , nothing will help ) I do not think so , Jim . maybe I should not have '' sound -effect : the phone ring . everyone freeze . as O'Connor reach for the phone , CUT to : int . child room , kramer apt . '' evening the room be dark , the only light come from a small night light . we see a beautiful five year old boy ( billy kramer ) . he lie in bed , half asleep . hold for a beat as a beautiful woman ( joanna kramer ) lean over , kiss the child and hug he tightly to she . joanna ( intense ) I love you , billy ... billy ( drowsy ) I love you too , mommy ... good-night ... on joanna she get up from the bed and start toward the door of the child 's room . joanna sleep tight ... billy do not let the bedbug bite ... joanna stop in the doorway , silhouett against the light . she turn , take a last look at she son , then step outside . CUT to : int . hallway '' evening on joanna now that the light be brighter , we can see she more clearly . in she mid-thirty , she be beautiful , dress in a style that can best be describe as bloomingdale 's . hold for a beat as she lean against the door . it be clear from she expression that she be terribly upset . then , make up she mind , she cross to a closet and take out a suitcase . the camera track with her as she carry it into the bedroom , lay it out on the bed and open it . pan with her as she cross to a closet , grab a armload of clothes and dump they helter - skelter into the suitcase . CUT to : int . o'connor' office '' evening it be a few minute later , the news have obviously be good because there be a general celebration in progress . Jim O'Connor , now stand , raise one hand for silence , then make a toast . o'connor here 's to Ted Kramer . cheer and good - nature joke . o'connor ( put a arm around Ted squeezing he tight ) I wanna tell you something about this little runt . he go out there and sell the shit out of revlon and that 's why we get the account . it be he idea , it be he concept , right down the line ... more hoot and cheer . people start to yell " speech . " ted ( embarrassed , but can not stop grin ) all I can say ... all I can say be this be maybe one of the five best day of my whole life ... CUT to : int . bathroom '' kramer apt . '' evening joanna stand at the medicine cabinet , go through it , pack thing in a travel kit : roller , deodorant , makeup , birth control pill . she start to take a small bottle of perfume that have only a eighth of a inch of fluid leave inside , hesitates , then put it back . CUT to : int . o'connor' office '' evening now some time have pass , most of the crowd have go and only the regular be leave . ted ( in the middle of a story ) so anyway Jim and I be make the pitch , right ? and all of a sudden this old guy start to cough and I keep on go and he keep on cough and I keep on go and he keep on cough and '' Murray Fisher lean over , shake Ted 's hand . murray ( interrupt ) congratulation , Ted . that be a hell of a job . ted ( surprised ) where you goin ' Murray , it 's early ? murray get to get home . ted ( glance at he watch ) oh , Christ , I be late ... I gotta get out of here . ( however , instead of go , he settles back and resume he story ) so anyway , I look over and this old geezer be start to turn blue and I swear to God the only thing I can think about be that this poor sonofabitch be gonna die on I and screw up the pitch . CUT to : int . kitchen '' kramer apt . '' evening insert : a long and meticulous list that joanna be make out of the phone number and address of doctor and hospital , of what the various medicine be for , and of the food that billy be and be not permit to eat . wider angle as joanna put the finish touch on the list and carefully arrange it on top of the kitchen counter next to a box of unsweetened , whole grain cereal and a jar of honey . note : it be this same set of note that Ted will later unthinkingly throw away . CUT to : ext . office build '' midtown '' night wide shot as the door to the outer lobby open and Ted and O'Connor appear . Ted start to hail a cab , O'Connor stop he . o'connor hey , what 's the rush ? c'mon , walk I a couple of block . ted Jim , I have get to go . I be already late '' o'connor listen , Ted ... I just want to tell you , when old man Schmidt retire next year , I have get a pretty good feel they will kick I upstairs ... he turn and start to walk off down the street , Ted , of course , follow . o'connor ... and when they do , I just want you to know I be takin ' you along with I . CUT to : int . bedroom '' kramer apt . '' night close on joanna as she go through she jewelry case , take some thing , leave other . in the b.g. we see a frame photograph of billy , smile , look into the camera . CUT to : ext . STREET '' night on ted and o'connor track with they as they walk . o'connor ( feel no pain ) y'know , Ted , I mean what I say back there . you do a hell of a job on this and I want you to know I be turn the whole show over to you . ted ( thrilled ) wow ! o'connor I mean it Ted , you be run this one . CUT to : int . bedroom '' kramer apt . '' night wide shot the suitcase be now full . joanna zip it shut and look around to make sure that she have not forget anything . then , she heft she suitcase and start out of the room . CUT to : int . foyer '' night wide shot joanna carry in the suitcase , set it by the front door , then she cross to the live room and sit down at the dining table . closer in on her she take out a list make on the back of a old envelope . as she begin to review it , check off some item : off screen sound : a key turn in the lock . as joanna look up ... CUT to : her Pov as the door swing open to reveal Ted Kramer , a enormous grin on he face , a bottle of champagne in he hand . he be so full of himself that he do not notice there be anything wrong . note : throughout the entire scene he carry the bottle of champagne , never put it down . ted I think you might just like to know that at five - fifteen this afternoon we be officially hand the Fire and Ice account by revlon . cross - cutting between they : joanna ( she take a deep breath , then : ) Ted , I be leave you . ted that represent a gross billing in excess of two million '' ( hearing she ) what ?! joanna open she purse , take out she key and wallet . joanna here be my key . I will not be need they any more . note : Ted do not for a moment believe that he wife will really leave he . all he can think of right now be that he will have to spend the rest of the evening cope with one of she mood . ted ( sardonic ) I be sorry I be late , all right ? I be sorry I do not call '' I be busy make a live . cross - cutting between they : joanna do not even bother to look up at he . she open she purse , take out she wallet and begin remove credit card . joanna my american Express ... my bloomingdale 's credit Card ... my check book '' ted ( the martyr ) okay , okay ... what be it this time ? what do I do now ?... joanna ( ignore this ) I take two thousand out of the savings account . that be what I have in the bank when we get marry . ted joanna , whatever it be , believe I , I be sorry . joanna here be the slip for the laundry and the clean . they will be ready on Saturday . ted ( hard lining it ) now listen , before you do something you will really regret you would better stop and think - joanna ( not bother to look up ) I have pay the rent , the con - Ed and the phone bill , so you do not have to worry about they . she check off the last item on she list as she husband watch , dumbfounded . joanna there , that 's everything . joanna get to she foot and start toward the front door . in a instant Ted be after she . ted ( panic start ) for God 's sake , joanna , would you at least tell I what I do that 's so terrible ! would you do I that little favor ? on joanna at the door . joanna look , it 's not you fault , okay ? it 's I . it 's my fault '' you just marry the wrong person . ted ( placate she ) so we have get problem . everybody 's get problem '' that 's normal '' joanna open the door and they step out into the hallway . int . hallway outside kramer apt . '' evening joanna Ted , you be not listen to I . it 's over , finish . ted I be listen , joanna '' believe I , I be listen . my wife be walk out on I after eight year of '' joanna ( bitter ) you just do not get it , do you ? ( as though to a child ) I '' be '' really '' and '' truly '' leave '' you . ted I hear you , joanna . I promise I hear you . joanna no you do not . ( quietly ) you do not even ask about billy . ted ( stiffening ) what about billy ? joanna I be not take he with I . ted what ? joanna ( tear start ) Ted , I can not ... I try ... I really try but ... I just can not hack it anymore ... ted c'mon , joanna , you do not mean that . you be a terrific mother '' joanna ( from she gut ) I be not ! I be a terrible mother ! I be a awful mother . I yell at he all the time . I have no patience . no ... no . he 's better off without I . ( unable to look at Ted ) Ted , I have get to go ... I have get to go . ted ( desperate ) okay , I understand and I promise I will not try and stop you , but you can not just go ... look , come inside and talk ... just for a few minute . joanna ( plead ) no !... please ... please do not make I stay ... I swear ... if you do , sooner or later ... maybe tomorrow , maybe next week ... maybe a year from now ... ( look directly at he ) I will go right out the window . sound -effect : the elevator approach . cross - cutting between they : there be nothing more that can be do , this be the last moment of intimacy . ted ( quiet ) where be you go ? joanna I do not know ... the elevator door open , joanna step inside . ted do you want I to help you get a cab ? joanna shake she head . the elevator door close behind she and it start to descend . on ted kramer he stand for a moment , stunne , unable to move . then he turn and race back into the apartment . the camera track with he as he rush across to one of the live room window , throw it open and lean out . he Pov look down to the street from the eighth floor . we see joanna step off the curb and hail a pass taxi . ted ( call out ) joanna !?... joanna ?! either she do not hear he or else she pay no attention . she get into the cab , close the door behind she and it drive away . CUT to : int . apt . '' night on ted as he stand for a moment watch the taxi as it disappear . then , slowly , he close the window , turn , and as the camera track with he , walk into the bedroom . the bedroom be a mess : the closet door stand open , inside joanna 's section be empty except for some shoe - box and a few dress that be scattered across the floor . several dresser drawer have be pull out and they content emptied . hold in a wide shot as Ted wearily pick up one of the dress and hang it back on its hanger in its proper place , ready for joanna 's return . as he continue straighten up the room , the camera slowly fade to black . fade in : int . live room '' very late at night wide shot Ted Kramer pace back and forth , eyeing the phone . then , come to a decision , he cross to it , pick up the receiver and start to dial . CUT to : ext . apt . bldg . '' late at night wide shot the building be dark except for the Kramer apartment which be ablaze with light . hold as we hear : sound : the phone ringing . then : woman' voice ( obviously asleep ) huh ... hello ? ted ( righteous ) all right , thelma ... that 's it . I have have it . you can call you good friend joanna Kramer and tell she enough be enough , okay ? I mean , I do not know what I do , but you can tell she she 's make she point . woman' voice Ted , what be you talk about ?! ted do not play innocent with I , thelma . you know perfectly well what 's go on . woman' voice ( exasperate ) Ted , I do not understand a word you be say . where 's joanna ? ted ha ! you tell I . sound-effect , as Ted slam down the receiver . instantly a light be turn on two floor below . CUT to : int . foyer '' kramer apt . '' night on the front door as we hear : sound -effect : the doorbell ring . a moment later Ted open the door and thelma phillip enter . she be a neighbor ( apt. 6 - B ) and joanna Kramer 's best friend . about four month ago thelma and she husband charley be divorced . until then the two family have be very close , the Kramer 's son ( billy ) be about the same age as the Phillips ' daughter ( Kim ) . with the divorce , however , the kramer try to remain friend with both thelma and charley and that have cause a certain amount of friction . thelma be a attractive woman in she mid-thirty . she dress well , work out religiously at Jack lalanne 's and go to a therapist twice a week . she be also give to act the lay analyst with she friend . thelma be generous with she advice , share the wealth so to speak . with all of this she be kind , loyal and a loving friend . at the moment , however , she be all business . thelma ( look around , suspiciously ) all right . what 's go on ? on ted from he attitude it be clear that there be no love lose between they . ted all right , thelma , you want to know what 's go on ? I will tell you what 's go on . I will tell you exactly what 's go on . thelma look , Ted , all I '' ted ( start to really roll ) I come home tonight . we just get the Fire and Ice account at the agency . do you know what that mean ?! do you understand what that mean ? it mean that it be maybe one of the five best day in my whole life . thelma Ted , all I want to know be where '' ted ( not let she get a word in edgewise ) I walk in the house and before I can say " how be you ? " , " do you have a nice day ? " before I can say anything . pow she 's out the door . thelma ohmygod . do not she say anything ? she must have say something . ted ( sarcastic ) yeah , she say it be not any use talk anymore . thelma Ted , do not be so hostile . Ted draw himself upright with the dignity of the ambassador to the Court of St. James . however , during the follow , he begin pound the pillow on the couch into shape with real vehemence . ted hostile ? ( pow ) me? ( whack ) thelma , I be not hostile . ( thud ) I be anything but hostile . ( sock ) but if you want to know what I be . I will tell you what I be . what I be be , I be hurt . I be very hurt . and I just want to know one thing , okay ? just one thing ... why ? that 's all I want to know ... why ? thelma ( how to say this ) Ted , joanna and I use to talk a lot and ... well , she tell I a lot of ... ah , thing about the two of you . ted ( instantly nervous ) thing ? what kind of thing ? thelma ( clearly she know more than she 's willing to say ) I mean ... thing . Ted , joanna 's very unhappy and '' ted ( flash of anger ) listen , joanna Kramer 's get a goddamn good life . she 's get a husband that love she . she 's get a terrific kid . she 's get a wonderful home '' thelma ( get mad herself ) what d' you know about how joanna feel ? you go off to a office every morning and you would come drag home at seven or eight every night and as long as dinner be on the table you think everything be swell . ted do it ever occur to you guy that joanna Kramer 's not the easiest person in the world to live with ?! do it ?! for one thing she 's always thirty minute late . you can set you watch by it '' thelma ( exasperate ) so she 's late . what 's the big deal . that 's just a way of say , " pay attention to I . " ted ( not listen ) two . she be get to be a real hermit or recluse or whatever it be you call it . thelma , do you know where I could be in this business if I have a wife that entertained or go out socially '' thelma oh for shit 's sake , Ted , you be the most selfish human be I have ever meet . no wonder she say you come first , then billy , then , if there be anything leave over , she get the scrap . ted joanna say that ? thelma nod . ted then how come she never say anything like that to I ? thelma maybe she do not feel like she should have to . maybe she feel like if you would be pay any real attention to she to start with , maybe you would have notice . ted ( stung ) Boy , you guy be really something , y'know ? I would like to know one thing , okay '' just one little thing . do you tell joanna she should leave I ? thelma ( stiffly ) no. she turn and start toward the front door , Ted at she heel . ted y'know something thelma '' you be the typhoid Mary of divorce . I mean it . joanna and I never have any trouble until you and charley split up . thelma Ted , divorce be a terrible thing . I know , I go through it . you have get to believe I do everything I could to get joanna to stay . ( pause ) but I will tell you something . you may not want to hear it , but it take a lot of courage for joanna to do what she just do . ted I would like to know what the hell kind of courage it take to walk out on you husband and you child ? close on thelma that stop she dead in she track . she have always assume that joanna take billy with she when she leave . thelma joanna leave billy ? she do not take he with she ? Ted shake he head . there be a long beat of silence . thelma ( stunne , quiet ) oh shit . CUT to : fade in : ext . kramer apt . bldg . '' early morning wide shot it be a beautiful sunny morning and the super stand in front of the building hose down the sidewalk . hold as a garbage truck enter frame and the garbage man begin load sack of trash into the back of the truck . as it begin to grind up the garbage with a ungodly sound , the camera pan up to the eighth floor window . CUT to : int . billy kramer' bedroom '' early morning medium shot billy Kramer lie in he bed , fast asleep . hold for a beat as we hear : off screen sound : from the street below , the garbage truck grind up garbage . a moment later , billy open he eye , struggle to he foot and , as the camera track with he , trudge sleepily out of he room , across the hall and into the bathroom . int . bathroom '' early morning as the child stand in front of the toilet , eye close , we hear : off screen sound-effect : as the child pee noisily . then , when he be finish , he turn and , without bother to flush the toilet , shuffles down the hall and into he parent ' bedroom . he Pov the bed be empty , there be no sign that anyone have sleep in it . on billy a look of suspicion on he face , he turn and start back down the hall toward the live room . int . live room '' early morning as billy enter , look around . he Pov Ted Kramer , still fully dress , look like the wrath of God be asleep in the chair . on billy as he march across to he father . billy where 's mommy ? on ted his eye open , he look around startle . ted huh ?... oh God ... what time be it ? cross - cutting between they : billy ( suspicious ) the little hand be on the six and the big hand be on the nine . where be mommy ? ted ( try to pull himself together ) oh , Christ ... ah , yeah ... you want to know why mom 's not here , right ? billy nod . ted ( bullshit ) okay , I be go to tell you ... it 's like this . mommy and daddy have a little argument and mommy decide she want to go off by herself for a little while . you know how sometimes you get mad and want to go off and be by yourself ? well , it 's like that , okay ? okay . ( subject close ) now how about some breakfast ? Ted struggle to he foot and the camera track with they as they start toward the kitchen . billy when be mommy come back ? ted ( lie ) soon . very soon . by now they be inside the kitchen , Ted look around . he Pov there , on the kitchen cabinet be a box of " natural grain " cereal , a jar of honey , some wheat germ , and a banana , with carefully write instruction from joanna underneath . on ted he take one look at the note , crumple it up and toss it in the wastebasket . ted ( the camp counselor ) I will tell you what , kiddo '' why do not I fix we some french toast ? billy ( impressed ) wow ! french toast , really ? ted ( the camp counselor ) sure . do not I ever tell you french toast be my specialty ? I will bet I never tell you that . now then , the first thing we need be ... ( try desperately to remember ) ...egg ! right ? billy nod . Ted open the refrigerator and take some egg . ted this be terrific ... be not this terrific ? as Ted begin the process of make french toast , it soon become obvious that he have no idea of what he be do . what follow be a symphony in incompetence on Ted 's part . he break the egg into a bowl and end up with most of the shell mix up with the egg . then he take a piece of bread and drop it into bowl . ted ( say it will make it so ) I be have a good time ... be you have a good time ? on billy watch all of this with increase apprehension . billy you forget the milk . ted ( still the camp counselor ) that 's right . you be absolutely right ... it 's be a long time since I make french toast . Ted take a container of milk , pour it into the bowl so that it be fill to the brim . then he sloshes the bread around until it be half -dissolve . ted look at this , be not this something ?! he lop off a huge hunk of butter , drop it into a omelet pan and turn up the flame . on billy watch . he look as though he be about to throw up . billy what about my orange juice ? ted ( the counterman ) right . one O.J. come up . he open the refrigerator and start to get the orange juice . as he do , black smoke begin to billow ominously from the fry pan . billy ( scared ) daddy !!! Ted turn , spot the smoke . ted do not worry ... everything 's fine ... he lunge for the handle of the fry pan , which by now be very hot . he grab it , let out a howl of pain and the whole mess , fry pan , butter , bread , go crash to the floor . close on ted suddenly all the rage come pour out . ted goddam ! Son of a bitch ! reaction '' billy terrify . wide shot as Ted kneel down and begin to clean up the mess . ted ( to himself as much as to billy ) it 's okay . it 's gonna be okay ... everything 's go to be all right . CUT to : ext . STREET '' day on a bus as it pull to a stop . the door open and a stream of mother and child get off . among they we spot Ted Kramer with billy . as they start across the street , Ted reach down and take hold of billy 's hand . the moment they get to the far side , billy take he hand away from Ted 's and wipe it on he pants . clearly Ted 's hand be very sweaty . closer in on they as they start down the block toward billy 's school . closer in on they billy when be mommy come back ? ted soon . I tell you before , very soon . billy ( nervous ) will she pick I up after school ? ted no . if I be not here , you go home with thelma and Kim . billy what if she forget ? ted ( weary ) I will call thelma and remind she , okay ? do not worry . they walk in silence for a few step , then : billy but what happen if she 's on she way to school and she get run over by a truck and kill ? what happen they ? Ted look at billy in amazement . wide shot as the two of they enter the school and disappear from view . CUT to : int . office , ted' agency '' day on the elevator door as they open and Ted step out look like the wrath of God . the camera track with he as he cross the wait room toward the inner office . on the receptionist glancing up as he pass . receptionist ( cheerful ) congratulation , Mr. Kramer . on ted look at she like she have lose she mind . nevertheless he continue on , pass through swinging door into a long corridor line with secretary ' desk and office lead off of it . suddenly a young man rush up , grab Ted 's hand and start to pump it vigorously . young man terrific news , Ted . another nut . Ted smile at the man , humoring he and continue toward he office . O'Connor appear , throw he arm around Ted , squeezing he in a bear hug . o'connor hey ... look who be out celebrate last night . suddenly Ted realize that all this people be congratulate he for get the Fire and Ice account . ted ( try to appear nonchalant ) uh , Jim ... can I talk to you ? CUT to : int . o'connor' office '' day Ted and O'Connor sit across from one another . O'Connor have just hear the news . o'connor Jesus Christ . that 's a real blockbuster . ( shake he head ) I always figure you guy have it make . ted ( morose ) you want to know the real kicker ? the real kicker be , for the first time in my life '' the first time '' I feel like a loser . O'Connor nod sympathetically . actually he be praying that Ted will not start to cry . o'connor ( stiff upper lip ) listen , do not let it get you down . ( do not believe it for a second ) you be go to be fine . ted ( toujour gai ) I ? I have never be better . I mean have my wife walk out on I after seven year of marriage agree with I just fine . o'connor look , Ted , I be the oldest whore on the beat , okay ? Three marriage , two divorce ... you be gonna be okay . ted ( wishful think ) I be go to be okay . the way I see it , joanna will come home , it 's just a matter of time . o'connor ( emphatically ) she will be back ... Ted nod in agreement . there be a beat of silence as both man consider joanna 's imminent return . then : o'connor ( try to be tactful ) but ... just in case ... I mean , just on the off chance she do not . what be you go to do about the kid ? ted ( the wind go out of he ) I do not know , Jim . this whole thing have happen so ... pow '' like that . o'connor ( a friend have to say something very difficult ) look , it 's none of my business , so you can tell I to butt out , okay ? but if you want my advice , you will send billy away to stay with relative for a while . just until you get yourself straighten out . ted ( doubtfully ) I do not know , Jim ... o'connor ( the dutch uncle ) Ted , this may sound a little rough , but we have just land the biggest account in the history of this agency , right ? and now it 's up to we '' that 's you and I '' to deliver the goods . Ted , you be my main man , and if I can not depend on you a hundred and ten percent , twenty - four hour a day , because you be worried about a kid with a runny nose '' ted Jim , I appreciate what you be say . I mean it , but I really think joanna 's come back . on o'connor clearly he do not believe this . o'connor I hope you be right , Ted ... I really hope you be right . CUT to : int . foyer '' kramer apt . '' day insert : tight on a envelope it be postmark Denver , Colorado . the letter be address to billy Kramer and it be from joanna . on ted as he rip open the letter . ted billy ! on billy he sit in the live room watch television , a chocolate doughnut in one hand and a remote control device for watch television in the other . off-screen sound : a Saturday morning kiddie program from the television set . billy ( focus on t.v. ) uh , huh ... ted you get a letter from mom . instantly , billy turn down the volume of the television . billy ( excited ) when be she come home ?! on ted as he start to read , slowly , carefully , so that billy can absorb it . ted " my dear , sweet billy : mommy have go away . sometimes in the world daddy go away and mommy bring up they little boy . but sometimes a mommy can go away too , and you have you daddy to bring you up . " as Ted continue to read , billy start turn up the sound on the television , use the remote control device . ted ( raise he voice so he can be hear ) " I have go away because I must find some interesting thing to do for myself in the world . everybody have to , and so do I . be you mommy be one thing , but there be other thing and this be what I have to do . I do not get a chance to tell you this , and that be why I be write you now . " by now the volume from the television be so loud that Ted have to shout to make himself hear over it . ted " I will always be you mommy and I will always love you . I just will not be you mommy in the house . but I will be you mommy of the heart . and I ... " ( he look up , about to tell the child to lower the volume ) billy . he Pov billy sit , watch television with a almost ferocious intensity on he face , do he best to block out Ted 's voice . on ted he watch he son for a second , then carefully refold the letter , put it away . ted ( as he reach across , turn down the sound on the t.v. ) it 's okay ... it 's okay . we will talk about it some other time . CUT to : int . kitchen '' kramer apt . '' later that day close on thelma reading joanna 's letter . thelma oh , God ... ohmygod ... she finish the letter , look up at Ted . thelma what be you go to do ? ted I do not know , thel ... this whole thing have happen so ... pow , like that . thelma I mean , what be you go to do about billy ? ted ( stiff ) I be gonna keep he , why ? thelma look , this be nothing personal , but I do not think you can do it . ted thelma , I have lose my wife , I be not lose my child . thelma ( back off ) all right ... okay ... but let 's get something straight , right now . I mean , I be sorry about what happen between you and joanna , but it 's not my problem , understand ? reverse on ted he nod . cross - cutting between they : thelma I be not go to have you call every fifteen minute just because you can not find a hot water bottle , understand ? Ted nod . thelma I have get enough trouble raise my own kid . I do not need another one . get it ? ted get it . thelma you be on you own , understand ? ted I understand . thelma you be sure ? ted I be sure . on thelma a long pause , she look at he with all the warmth of a top sergeant face a raw recruit . then : thelma all right . who 's billy 's pediatrician ? on ted he have not the foggiest idea . thelma ( machine - gun delivery ) Ed Davies . 230 East 76th street. 472 - 8227 . fifty buck a house call , thirty for a office visit . write this down : I be not tell you twice . what 's the nearest hospital ? on ted as he grab a piece of paper and start write frantically . ted wait a minute ! wait a minute ! thelma ( not wait ) lenox Hill . 77th Street between Park and lex . the emergency number be 327 - 0800 . ted slow down ... slow down ... CUT to : int . ted' bedroom '' day wide shot Ted stand in the middle of the room , sorting out a huge pile of dirty clothes . thelma sit on the edge of the bed , watch . thelma color in one pile , white thing in another and shirt in a third . in the background we see the bathroom door as it open and billy Kramer step out , freshly bath and wear clean clothes . thelma ( without look around ) brush the tooth . hang up the towel and flush the toilet . billy immediately turn on he heel and head back into the bathroom . CUT to : int . live room '' kramer apt . '' day close on a silver cigarette BOX that be inscribe , " Ted and joanna Kramer , married April 4 , 1970 . " hold for a beat then Ted 's hand reach into frame and pick it up . medium shot ted as he take the cigarette box and balance it on a stack of scrap book , photograph , ash trays , etc. , etc. , that he be carry . he cross to another table , pick up a frame photograph of joanna and billy and pile that on top of everything . we realize that Ted be go through the apartment from top to bottom and methodically clean out every trace of joanna that he can find . CUT to : ext . apartment build '' night establishing shot CUT to : int . live room '' kramer apt . '' night wide shot as Ted go through the room , pick up billy 's clothes which have be strewn every which way . the camera track with he as he carry they into billy 's room . int . billy room '' night billy be fast asleep , the only light come from the night lamp on the dresser . Ted dump the soile clothing in a hamper , hang up billy 's jacket , then he neatly fold the boy 's sweater and cross to the dresser . closer in on the dresser as Ted open a drawer and start to put the sweater away . suddenly he spot something . CUT to : he Pov there , in the drawer , sit on top of a pile of clothing be one of the photograph of joanna that Ted put away this afternoon . billy have retrieve it and hide it here , hope that Ted would not find it . close on ted as he take a long look at the photograph , then turn to he son . he Pov billy asleep , tangle up in the cover . on ted he remove the photograph from the drawer , cross to the bed and place it on the nightstand nearby so that billy will be able to see the picture of joanna when he wake up in the morning . he sit for a moment longer on the side of the bed and reach across and smooth down he son 's rumple hair . fade to black : int . ted' office '' late afternoon on ted clearly in a rush , load he briefcase with work to do that evening . he start for the door and the camera track with he as he walk along the outer office corridor , head for the elevator . as he pass the door to O'Connor 's office : ted ( call out ) ' night , Jim . o'connor ( o.s. ) ( call out ) hey , ted. c'mon in . I wanna ' talk to you . reluctantly Ted stop , turn around and walk back to the door to O'Connor 's office . CUT to : int . o'connor' office '' late afternoon O'Connor sit back in he chair , he foot propped on the desk a drink in one hand . o'connor ( jovial ) what 's the big rush . c'mon in , put you foot up , have a drink . reverse on ted hanging in the doorway , clearly anxious to leave . ted can not do it tonight . gotta pick up billy . I be late . o'connor ( pay no attention to that ) listen , I hear a terrific joke today . there 's this Polish skydiver '' ted ( urgent ) sorry , Jim I have get to go . I will talk to you tomorrow . and before O'Connor can say anything he be go . reverse on o'connor obviously displease . he sit for a moment , drum he finger on the desk top , then reach for the phone and start to dial . a moment later : o'connor Murray ? Jim O'Connor , why do not you drop by and have a drink ... CUT to : ext . office build '' late afternoon wide shot as Ted emerge from the building , start to hail a cab . CUT to : ext . apartment house , east eighties '' late afternoon wide shot as the cab pull to a stop . Ted leap out and rush inside . CUT to : int . hallway '' apartment bldg . '' late afternoon the elevator door open and Ted step out . the camera pan with he as he cross to the doorway of a apartment , ring the bell . closer in as the door be open by a pleasant - look woman in she thirty . this be mrs . kline . she have the slightly haggard look of someone who have just survive a birthday party with eight five - year-old . in fact , behind she we see a abundance of crepe paper and balloon . ted ( apologetic ) Mrs. Kline , I be sorry I be late , but '' mrs . kline that 's all right , but I be afraid billy be a little nervous ... ( she glance off screen ) there Pov billy , he coat on , he goody bag in he lap sit alone on a bench in the foyer . the moment he see he father , he get up and start for the door . billy ( to Ted , accusingly ) you be late . ted I be sorry , pal , but I have a meeting and '' billy ( to Mrs. Kline anxious to get away ) Goodbye . mrs . kline Goodbye , Bill . thank you for come . ( call out to she son in the next room ) Mark . say goodbye to Bill . MARK ( o.s. ) ( preoccupy ) bye . billy bye . and he hustle he father out into the hallway . once door be shut behind they : billy ( sullen ) I be wait a long time . by now they have cross to the elevator . Ted ring the bell . ted ( this be not exactly the greeting he 's expect ) it be not so long , I be only ... ( check he watch ) ... twenty minute late . the elevator door open . billy all the other mother get here a long time ago ... and the door close , block they from view . CUT to : int . live room '' kramer apt . '' night wide shot Ted and billy sit at the dining table , a large pizza between they . Ted be work hard , try to establish some kind of rapport with he son . billy be silent , he pick at the slice of pizza in front of he . ted ( more of the camp counselor ) how be school today ? billy okay ... same as usual ... ted billy , do not eat with you finger . billy ( morose ) sorry . there be a long beat of silence . ted ( like pull tooth ) well , I see the yankee finally win a game . billy Mom , I mean dad ? ted yeah ? billy can I be excuse ? I be not hungry . I think I will go to bed . ted sure . too much birthday cake , right ? billy ( as he get up from the table ) I guess ... wide shot as billy shuffles off toward he room . Ted sit for a beat pick at the food on he plate . the camera track with billy as he get up from the table and walk into he room . hold in the doorway as he take off he shirt and pants and leave they lie on the floor . the boy cross to the closet , get he pajamas and put they on . reverse on ted stand in the doorway , watch . ted goodnight . on billy he start to crawl into bed . billy ( aloof ) ' night . on ted the camera pan with he as he cross to where billy drop he clothes on the floor , pick they up . ted listen , pal , I be sorry , okay ? silence . ted I know how you feel . silence . Ted cross , sit on the edge of the bed . ted look , I remember one time when . I be a couple of year young than you be now and ... I be stay with this cousin of mine and my parent be suppose to come and pick I up by three , but it get later and later and they do not and they do not show up and I remember I get really scared that something have happen to they and I remember when they finally come instead of be happy to see they I be very angry and ... billy , I promise I will never do that to you again , okay ?... silence . ted billy ? okay ? closeup billy his face be turn to the wall . hold for a beat as we see he nod . int . live room '' ted kramer' apt . '' night note : the follow scene , which be write as one , be actually to be play so that each time we cut back to the woman who be be interview as housekeeper , it be a different woman : sometimes nervous and excited , sometimes large and lugubrious , with six shopping bag , sometimes look like a headmistress at dachau . they be uniformly ( until the last ) unappetize . throughout this , we see Ted become increasingly desperate . woman ( look around nervous ) it 's very big ... they do not tell I it be this big . ted ( apologetically ) no ... no , actually it 's only two bedroom . second woman ( sniff ) phew ... this place be a real pig sty . ted ( defensively ) look , my wife just walk out on I . okay ? it 's be a tough week . third woman do not tell I you trouble , mister . I get enough of my own . note : with the FOURTH woman we begin on a closeup and pull back to reveal that we be in Ted 's office and it be the middle of the afternoon . int . ted kramer' office '' day FOURTH woman the first thing be , I do not do floor . at that point the door behind she open and O'Connor poke he head in . o'connor Ted . FOURTH woman ( ignore he ) or window . I come in at ten and I get wednesday off . o'connor Ted . ted ( brisk ) I will be with you in a minute , jim. ( back to the woman ) you could not make that Saturday , could you ? CUT to : int . live room '' kramer apt . '' night on the fifth woman ( mrs . willewska ) she be a slightly build attractive woman in she early sixty . there be a long pause as she look around . mrs . willewska what kind of boy be you son ? reaction '' ted this be the first person that ever ask about billy . ted ( take aback ) well , he 's ... ah , he 's a good kid . he 's shy and ... I think he 's probably very creative and ... mrs . willewska could I see he ? ted sure . he 's right in here . as they start toward the child 's room . CUT to : int . billy room '' night in the darkness we can see billy , all scrunch up in the cover . hold for a beat as the door open and the light from the hall fall across the sleep boy . on the door Ted and Mrs. willewska stand silhouett against the light . mrs . willewska oh ... he 's very beautiful . on billy as he stir , in he sleep . mrs . willewska ( o.s. ) Mr. Kramer , you be a very lucky man . reaction , ted this be the first time since joanna leave that this have occur to he . ted Mrs. willewska , could you start on Monday ? CUT to : int . supermarket '' day on billy and ted tracking just in front of they as they wheel a shopping cart along the aisle . Ted have a shopping list in he hand . Ted stop , take a box of detergent off of the shelf , start to put it in the shopping cart , when : billy ( worried ) Mom , I mean dad ... ted ( he mind elsewhere ) uh huh ... billy that 's not the right soap . we use the kind in the green and yellow box . ted c'mon , there 's not much difference '' billy ( firmly ) we use the green and yellow . Ted look at he son for a moment , then carefully replace the detergent that he have originally pick and reach for the green and yellow kind . they continue on for several step and Ted stop again , this time look for a dishwash liquid . he start to reach for one , stop , look around at billy . billy shake he head . Ted point to another . billy ( shaking he head again ) the pink stuff . Ted take a bottle of the pink stuff , put it in the shopping cart and consult he shopping list . ted okay , what color cereal do we get ? CUT to : ext . playground , central park '' day wide shot it be that same afternoon and billy ( he clothes be much dirtier by now ) be run back and forth with a group of other child . man' voice ( o.s. ) walk he over to Bethesda Fountain and buy he a ice . on ted he sit on one of the playground bench , the work he take from the office stack beside he on the bench . sitting next to he be a personable - look man of about Ted 's age . he be nattily dress in a suit complete with vest , tie and polished gucci loafer . we will call he the saturday father . note : the Saturday Father and he daughter ( a pretty young girl of about ten ) will appear from time to time throughout the film . he be a divorced father , put in he time , not give a shit about the child . the Saturday Father insist on treat Ted as though they be member of the same secret fraternity . and he come to represent Ted 's nightmare of what might happen to he . ted ( look in the direction of the voice ) what ? saturday father walk he over to Bethesda Fountain , buy he a ice . it will kill twenty minute . ted I have get a lot more than twenty minute to kill . saturday father tough ... ( check he watch ) ... I get off duty at five-thirty . ( bored , anxious to make conversation ) how long you be divorced ? ted ( surprised ) Three month . how can you tell ? saturday father you have get that look . my lady and I split two year ago in August and I be a old pro at this shit . first thing , stay away from the Children 's Zoo . it 's pure hell '' if I never see another chicken , I will be happy . ( call out to he daughter off screen ) I be here , darling . do not worry ... closer on ted find this distinctly unpleasant . he glance around , look for billy . he Pov the sprinkler area . other child be run around , but there be no sign of billy . ted ( call out ) billy ? he Pov another area of the playground . billy be nowhere in sight . wider on ted as he grab he stuff and start toward the exit of the playground . ted ( louder ) billy ? he Pov look in another direction . nothing . wide on ted stand among a crowd of people just outside the entrance to the playground . he be look around wildly . ted billy ?! he Pov there in the distance be billy Kramer , run as hard as he can away from Ted . on ted tracking in front of he as he start to chase after billy . he Pov '' tracking forward it be clear that billy be run with a purpose . ted ( v.o. ) billy ! billy pay no attention to he . on ted tracking in front of he as he continue to chase he son . he Pov '' tracking forward closer now , we can see that ahead of billy be a woman that , from behind , look remarkably like joanna . closer on ted as he realize what be about to happen . closer on billy catch up to the woman . billy mommy ! mommy ! a moment later he get close enough to grab onto she skirt . as the woman turn around : closeup woman quite clearly it be not joanna . closeup billy his face become impassive again . all the excitement vanish . billy oh . I think you be my mommy . closeup ted his face reveal all of the pain that billy 's can not . CUT to : int . classroom , nursery school '' day close on a homemade curtain as it open and billy Kramer , wear a outsize moustache , a makeshift cape and a stovepipe hat make from construction paper . he stand for a moment , look around , finally he spot someone , grin and begin wave . he Pov across the room eighteen to twenty mother ( Ted Kramer be the only man present ) be gather , sit on tiny chair and at work table watch as they child put on a show . on billy suddenly he forget he line , look around nervously . a moment later a very pretty young teacher lean over , whisper in he ear . teacher lady and gentleman ... billy lady and gentleman ... teacher welcome to the great show on earth . billy welcome to the ... ( he forget again ) reverse on ted he lean forward mouth the word as the teacher prompt billy . teacher greatest . billy greatest ... teacher show . billy show ... teacher on earth . billy on earth . Ted breathes a sigh of relief , he son have get through it . cross - cutting between the child putting on the show and ted kramer sitting in the audience watching : a look of total pleasure on he face . from time to time when billy do something particularly difficult , Ted nudge the woman next to he . note : in all of the shot of billy we see the teacher there guide , help , over and over and over we can not help but notice how attractive she be . toward the end of the show Ted 's Pov occasionally follow the teacher rather than the child . dissolve to : wide shot the show be over and the parent and child mill around eat popcorn , drink lemonade from paper cup . Ted stand off to one side , talk to the teacher as billy run around . closer in on they teacher Mr. Kramer , I just want to tell you what a wonderful boy you son be . ted ( clearly attract to she ) I do not know ... I have be worried ... ( glance around , make sure billy be out of earshot ) I mean , with what he 's be through and everything . I '' teacher ( solicitously ) no ... no ... billy be do just fine . ted ( give himself a few point ) well , you know it 's not easy raise a kid on you own and I think if we could get together and , uh , discuss '' at that moment one of the class mother interrupt , reach across Ted and take hold of the teacher 's hand . woman ( effusive ) Barbara ! congratulation ! when be the baby due ? teacher ( barbara ) oh , god. not ' till August . close on ted inadvertently glance at the teacher 's stomach , nothing show . on the teacher as she turn back to Ted . teacher Excuse I . you say you want to talk , Mr. Kramer . ted ( embarrassed ) yes , but ... ah , not now ... ( check he watch ) I have get a appointment ... I forget all about it ... as Ted begin beat a hasty retreat , CUT to : ext . STREET '' day on ted tracking in front of he as he walk down the street carry a large and elaborate papier - m â ché art thing that billy make in school . cross - cutting between ted and he Pov : as he manage to notice every single pretty girl that pass , thread he way through the crowd and still balance billy 's enormous work of art . CUT to : int . agency '' day on the elevator door as they open , Ted squeeze off and as the camera track with he , he cross the wait room and enter the office proper . he pause at he secretary 's desk and deposit billy 's papier - m â ché thing . she jump up from she desk , take the papier - m â ché thing and she notebook in hand , and follow Ted as he walk down the corridor towards O'Connor 's office . secretary Mr. O'Connor call . there 's a meeting with the revlon people in the board room and you be fifteen minute late . ted ( in a rush ) I know ... I know . secretary Mr. Schmidt can not have the figure on the television buy until Monday . ted no . uh , uh . tell he I ask for it Friday . I want it Friday . period . secretary Mr. lombardo from package want to meet on Friday . ted Fine . by now they have reach the board room . he enter without knock , he secretary still in tow . secretary and Mrs. kelsey call to ask if billy can come to Stephanie 's birthday party on Tuesday . CUT to : int . board room '' day the room be fill with executive in three piece suit and O'Connor who be do a lot of back and fill . ted ( as he enter ) yes . remind I to pick up a " crying chrissie " doll at lunch on Tuesday . on o'connor clearly he be very irritate at this . o'connor ( sardonic ) if it 's all right with you , mother Kramer , can we get down to work now ? CUT to : int . phyllis bernard's office '' day it be a real mess , legal file and law book scattered everywhere . in the midst of all this chaos sit phyllis bernard , as we say before , she be about thirty , very pretty in spite of she glass . on phyllis she look up as Ted enter . it be clear from they attitude that they have know one another for a long time and be very relaxed together . phyllis hello , Kramer . on ted he drop into a chair and shove a stack of papers across the desk to she . ted hiya , Phyllis . this be the revlon contract . I think you ought to check they out . phyllis sure . she take the papers and start to rifle through they , stop every so often and make a note in the margin . as she do , we notice that the second and third button of she blouse have come undone and that she be not wear a bra . closer on ted as he realize this . on phyllis she glance up to ask Ted a question about some point or other , notice the direction of he gaze and , unself - consciously button up she blouse . she go back to she papers as Ted continue to watch she . on phyllis not look up from she papers . phyllis yes . ted ( baffle ) yes , what ? phyllis ( look up , serious ) yes , I will have dinner with you . CUT to : int . ted kramer' bedroom '' late at night on the bed although the room be dimly light , we can see quite clearly that Ted and Phyllis be in bed together . they have finish make love and Ted lie back , half asleep . Phyllis reach across to the nightstand , put on she glass and check she watch . phyllis Kramer , I have get to go . I have get a eight o'clock close tomorrow down on Centre Street . ted ( half asleep ) mmmmnph ... I will get you a cab ... but he make no move to get up . Phyllis get to she foot and in the dim light we can see that , except for she glass , she be naked . phyllis ( as she cross the hall on the way to the bathroom ) that 's okay . it 's just that I have get this client that be '' CUT to : int . bathroom '' night there be billy Kramer , stand by the toilet , buttone he pajamas . he look up at Phyllis . he Pov there stand Phyllis , naked as the day she be bear , a look of stunne amazement on she face . phyllis ( softly to herself ) oh , God . too startle to cover herself . on billy he look she up and down , then : billy ( very serious ) do you like fry chicken ? on phyllis suddenly remember to cover herself . phyllis ( hope desperately it be the right answer ) ah ... yes . shot '' phyllis and billy billy so do I ... and he shuffles off to bed . Phyllis wait , freeze until he disappear into he room . then , she turn and flee back into the bedroom . CUT to : int . bedroom '' night on phyllis as she burst into the room , close the door behind she , lean against it . phyllis ( eye wide ) I just meet you son . on ted who have leapt out of bed and be scramble into he pants . ted like that ?! Phyllis nod . ted and ? phyllis he want to know if I like fry chicken . ted do you ? Phyllis nod rather frantically . ted ( grin ) so what 's you problem ? CUT to : int . kitchen '' kramer apt . '' evening on ted and thelma stand side by side . he be cut , chopping , make some kind of stew . thelma stand nearby watch , sip a glass of white wine . from off screen we can hear billy and Kim run around , play . ted you ever think about get marry again ? thelma no , not really ... ( she think for a moment , then : ) I guess it 's different if you do not have child , but ... I dunno , even if charley and I do not live together , even if we be sleep with other people , even if charley be to marry again ... he would still be my husband . that stuff about " till death do you part ? " that 's really true . ted ( nodd toward a cookbook that be propped open nearby ) how many onion do it say to use ? thelma ( without bother to look in the book ) Three . and add some basil . ted ( as he do ) D ' you think you and charley will ever get back together again ? thelma no . I do not think so . ted c'mon , thel . so charley have a little fling . so what ? all in all he be a pretty good husband . thelma look , I know this be not gonna make any sense , okay ? I mean forget the logic part ... but I keep think if charley really love I , he would not have let I divorce he . CUT to : ext . central park '' day wide shot the Saturday Father and he daughter , clearly with nothing to say to one another , stand eat ice from a nearby vendor . the camera pan away from they across to billy , Ted and Phyllis . she be dress in a very nice suit , silk blouse , high heele shoe and look distinctly out of place in Central Park on a Saturday afternoon . at the moment , Ted be try to teach billy how to bat . ted now look , you hold it like this ... ( he place billy 's hand on the bat just so ) ... and you swing like this ... ( take he through the motion ) on phyllis watch . she can not believe what she 's see . finally , she can not stand it any longer . phyllis ( impatient ) no , no , no , Kramer . that 's not how you do it . look ... she cross to billy , gently take the bat from he and demonstrate . phyllis ... you hold it like this ... ( show he she grip ) farther down the bat . and you swing like this ... ( to Ted ) throw I one . on ted as he give billy a look that say , we have to humor she . he throw a ball . on phyllis as she swing , connect and slam a ball in a long , looping fly that go at least two hundred foot . on ted watch the ball disappear in the distance , he turn back to Phyllis , open-mouthed . close on phyllis embarrass , she grin , shrug and hand the bat back to billy . CUT to : int . o'connor' office '' day wide shot O'Connor , Murray and the Art director be in O'Connor 's office as the door open and Ted enter , carry a pile of papers , chart , graph , etc. , etc . ted okay , Jim . here 's the report on ... he stop in mid-sentence , look around . he Pov on the wall be a series of mock - up of the various Fire and Ice ad , none of which be what Ted and O'Connor have agree upon . ted ( surprised ) what the hell be this ? o'connor ( innocent ) Murray have some idea about the Fire and Ice campaign and he have the art department make up a few rough ... ( weakly ) I think they be kind of interesting . ted ( bugge ) I do not . Jim , this be not anything like what we talk about . it 's not even close . murray ( oily ) Ted , basically it 's still you concept . o'connor ( chime in ) Murray just add a few thing , that 's all . ted now hold it right there , I be the one that go in and sell revlon on this idea to start with , remember ? you say I be go to be '' sound -effect : the phone ring . O'Connor pick it up . on ted o'connor yeah ? he listen for a moment , then hand the phone to Ted . o'connor it 's for you . on ted as he take the receiver . ted ( puzzle ) yes ? then , embarrassed , he turn he back and lower he voice . ted look , billy , I tell you before , one hour of t.v. a day , that 's the rule ... no ... ( clearly , billy be give he a argument ) I do not care what the other mother do ... listen , I can not talk now , I be in a meeting ... ( firm ) billy , I will talk to you later , good - bye . note : during the phone call , the camera pan away to Murray &amp ; o'connor , look of bored condescension and smug superiority on they face . Ted hang up the phone and turn back around . murray ( smooth ) Ted , I appreciate what you be say , but I really think you be just too close to it right now . o'connor ( quickly ) Murray 's right . ( reassure ) look it 's just some idea , okay ? I mean nothing 's lock in cement . I promise you this be you show ... on ted not very reassure . o'connor trust I on this one , Ted ... CUT to : int . live room '' kramer apt . '' night Ted be sit at the dining room table , work . spread out all across the table be layout , rate sheet , etc. , etc . billy sit across from he draw on a pad with feel - tip pen . hold for a beat , then : billy ( worried about something ) Mom , I mean dad ... ted ( busy ) in a minute ... beat of silence then : billy what do you do when a elephant sit on you fence ? silence . billy you get a new fence . ted ( he have not hear a word ) c'mon , billy . I be try to work for God 's sake ... another beat of silence , then billy reach for he glass of Hawaiian punch and accidentally tip it over , spilling purple liquid across all of Ted 's papers . instantly , Ted be on he foot , yell . ted goddamnit , can not you watch what you be do ! cross - cutting between they : billy ( quiet ) I be sorry . ted je-sus Christ ! I catch all kind of shit at the office because I be not pull my weight because I be busting my butt try to be a decent goddamn father and '' billy I be sorry . ted ( sardonic ) that 's terrific . that 's really terrific , but I notice I be the one that 's clean up this '' ( notice a important paper cover with grape juice ) oh , crap , I will have to do this one over . billy ( start to help ) I be sorry . by now there be nothing the boy can do right . ted look , it 's after you bedtime , okay ? just do I a favor and go to bed , okay ? billy get to he foot , collect he stuff and walk into he bedroom . hold on ted who sit for a moment , then get wearily to he foot and as the camera track with he cross to the door of billy 's room . he stop in the doorway , look off screen . he Pov billy struggle to get he pajamas on , have a hard time . cross - cutting between they : ted look , I be sorry I yell , okay ? billy ( quiet ) that 's okay . ted it 's just ... I have be catch a lot of flack at the office ... billy that 's okay ... int . office '' day on the door to o'connor' office as it open and Phyllis come out . in the background in O'Connor 's office we see O'Connor and Murray , talk , laugh . the camera track alongside Phyllis as she walk to Ted Kramer 's office and open the door without knock . phyllis how about lunch , Kramer . I be buy . CUT to : int . restaurant , midtown '' day on ted and phyllis as they sit across from one another . a waiter stand over they , set drink in front of they . waiter perrier and lime ... ( place a drink in front of Phyllis ) ... and scotch with soda . ( put Ted 's drink in front of he ) the waiter bustles away . ted okay , Phyllis , what 's up ? phyllis Kramer ... she break off , uncertain whether or not to go on . then , make up she mind , she reach across , take Ted 's scotch and soda and drink half of it down in one gulp . phyllis ( in a rush ) O'Connor 's out to get you . he 's go to take the Fire and Ice account away from you . ted ( stunne ) what ?!? Phyllis nod . ted ( angry ) I do not believe it ! that 's crazy ! why would Jim do something like that ? Phyllis polish off the rest of Ted 's drink . phyllis ( angry herself ) you want to know why ? I will tell you why ... ( signal to the waiter ) another scotch and soda for the gentleman . ( back to Ted ) I will tell you exactly why . because you be not he buddy anymore . because he can not count on you to sit around the office every night until eight or nine and shoot the shit with he . ted I can not . I have get billy to take care of . phyllis ( exasperate ) you dope . O'Connor do not give a damn about billy . all he want be somebody that will hang around with he every night so he will not have to go home . ted ( stiff ) I do not believe you . the waiter set Ted 's drink on the table in front of he . he start to reach for it , but Phyllis be quick . phyllis ( take a stiff drink ) all right . okay . but tell I something , Kramer . who do you think be palling around with O'Connor this day ? Ted shrug . ted how should I know ? phyllis Murray . reaction , ted stun , but try to be nonchalant . ted so ... what 's so terrible about that ? phyllis ( would like to take he by the shoulder and shake he until he tooth rattle ) oh , for God 's sake , Kramer . you have get to be the world 's most naive human be . ( lean forward ) Murray have go in and change every single ad you have do on the entire Fire and Ice campaign . every layout ... every idea ... every single thing , right down the line . ted no . no , I do not believe it . Jim O'Connor would never let anything like that happen . he give I my shot in this business . if it be not for Jim O'Connor I would be '' I do not know where I would be . he 's a wonderful man ... phyllis ( apologetic for have upset Ted ) Kramer , I be sorry . all I be try to do be '' ted ( cut she off ) I do not want to hear another word against he . not another word . he 's a wonderful man ... a wonderful man ... CUT to : int . ted kramer' office '' day insert : the finish proof of the ad that Murray have do , that Ted have see in O'Connor 's office . on ted tracking with he as he steam out of he door and march along the corridor to O'Connor 's office . secretary ( as Ted brushes past she ) I be sorry , Mr. O'Connor be in conference . but it be too late . Ted barrel into O'Connor 's office without bother to knock . CUT to : int . o'connor' office '' day O'Connor be alone in the office . he look up startle as Ted come barging in . ted ( furious ) all right , Jim . you say I be run this show , right ? you say no decision without my approval , right ? ( brandish the ad ) well what the hell be this ? what 's go on , Jim ? o'connor ( embarrassed ) well , ah ... I think it over and I decide we be do it Murray 's way . ted Jim , this be garbage . this be not anything like what we talk to revlon about . none of it . you can not '' o'connor ( tough ) that 's my decision , Ted and that 's final . CUT to : int . dine area '' kramer apt . '' night on billy who sit look down at the plate of food in front of he as though it be a coiled rattlesnake about to strike . billy what be it ? on ted preoccupy , jumpy . he be eat , but he do not taste a thing . ted salisbury steak . billy I hate it . ted you do not hate it . we have salisbury steak last week and you like it fine . billy ( stubborn ) no I do not . I hate the brown stuff . it 's gross . ted ( strain patience ) all it be be onion and gravy . billy I be allergic to onion . ted you be not allergic of onion . you have have they lot of time . billy ( sullen ) I want a pizza . ted ( try not to lose patience ) no . this be fine . just take a bite , you will like it fine . reluctantly , billy take a tiny bite . he barely put it in he mouth before he spit it out with a great show of be physically ill . billy I think I be go to throw up . ted ( get piss off ) oh , for God 's sake ... here . he reach across and scrape most of the sauce off of the meat . ted there , okay ? now that 's just plain old hamburger . billy some of the brown stuff be still there . ted ( through clench tooth ) then eat around it . billy no. ted ( anger building ) now listen to I , young man . do you know what I have to go through to put this goddamn food on the goddamn table ? billy ( obstinate ) I do not care . I hate it . I want pizza . ted ( blow up ) not on you life . that 's it . I have have it with crap around this house . from now on , no more pizza ! get it ? start right now you can eat real food like a normal human be ! billy no ! by now both of they be out of control . ted you want to know something ?! you be a spoiled selfish little brat ! now eat '' billy take he plate and look he father straight in the eye deliberately overturn it , spilling food everywhere . on ted he be out of he chair like a shot , cross to billy and jerk he to he foot . ted ( yell ) goddamnit ! go to you room ! he half - carry , half - drag the child kick and scream into he room . the camera track alongside they . billy ( at the top of he voice ) Owwww ... you be hurt I ... you be hurt I ... I hate you ... I hate you ... ted ( seethe ) you be no bargain either , pal . billy I want my mommy ... I want my mommy .. by now they have reach billy 's room . Ted dump he on the bed unceremoniously and start out of the room . billy ( sobbing ) I want my ... mm ... ommy ... I want mmmy ... mommy ... ted ( at the door ) tough shit . you be stick with I . and he slam the door behind he . CUT to : wide shot the dining area . Ted sit down and try to resume he meal alone . billy ( o.s. ) ( sobbing , fight to catch he breath ) I want my ... mmmo ... mmmy . I want mmmy mmo ... mmy ... closer in on ted as he lift he glass to take a drink and we can see that he be shaking like a leaf . CUT to : int . kitchen '' night on ted as he finish do the last of the dish , dry he hand and look around to make sure that everything have be put away . he flip off the light and , as the camera track with he , he walk from room to room , turn off the light , until he reach the door to billy 's room which be still close . Ted hesitates for a moment , then ease open the door and step inside . CUT to : int . billy room '' night ted' Pov billy lie sprawle across the bed , all tangle up in the cover . on ted as he cross to the sleep child and start to straighten the cover . billy ( tentatively ) daddy ? ted ( all anger go ) yeah ? billy I be sorry ... ted ( kiss he ) that 's okay , pal . go back to sleep . it 's very late . he start to get up , when : billy daddy ? ted uh huh ? billy ( very quiet ) be you ... gonna go ... away ? on ted stun at the question . ted of course I be not go away . I love you very much . I will be right here . there be a beat of silence , then : billy ( it come pour out ) that 's why mommy leave ... be not it ? ' Cause I be bad ... the boy begin to weep . ted ( he put he arm around billy and hold he close ) oh , Christ ... oh , Christ ... ( he think for a moment , then : ) no , pal . you mom love you very much . the reason she leave do not have anything to do with you . ( pause , this be very painful ) look , I do not know if this will make any sense to you , okay ? but I will try and explain . you see the reason you mom leave be because ... well , I guess it be because I keep try to make she into a certain kind of person ... make she be the way I think a wife be suppose to be . only she be not like that . she be ... ( smile to himself ) well , she be not like that . and now , when I think about it , I can see she try very hard to be like I want '' very hard . and when she could not , then she try to tell I about it . only I would not listen . I guess I think that if I be happy , that mean she be happy too . only she be not . the truth be , the only reason she do not leave a lot sooner be because she love you so much . joanna stay until she could not stand I any longer and then she leave ... but it be not you , pal . it be not you . there be a long beat of silence as billy think about this . clearly a enormous burden have be lift from he shoulder . finally : billy be mom ever come back ? ted you mean for good ? billy nod . ted I do not think so . billy ( thoughtfully ) oh ... Ted get to he foot , start for the door . ted now go to sleep . it 's very late . billy good night . ted sleep tight . billy do not let the bedbug bite . ted see you in the morning light . billy dad ? Ted pause in the doorway , smile . ted yes ? billy I love you ... CUT to : ext . central park '' day series of tracking shot as Ted run along beside billy , who be learn to ride a bike . then , in the last shot , Ted let go of the bike and run along just behind . slowly as billy gain confidence he speed up , leave Ted farther and farther behind . finally , as billy glance over he shoulder . CUT to : ted' Pov as the boy , by now a considerable distance away , turn and wave . on ted waving back , a grin of enormous pride on he face . he glance around , embarrassed to make sure no one be watch and wipe tear from he eye . CUT to : ext . STREET '' day on a bus as it pull to a stop and a mob of mother and child get off . among they we spot billy and Ted Kramer . the camera pan with they as they cross the street and enter the school building . the camera continue it's pan across the street , to a coffee shop with large plate glass window face the school . there , stand in the window , watch , be joanna Kramer . hold as the camera slowly zoom in on her and we see a look of overwhelming pain on she face . CUT to : ext . playground , central park '' afternoon on ted and thelma sitting on a bench , the area around they be stack high with toy that the kid have bring with they to the park . off screen we can hear billy and Kim racing around , play . ted ( a little too casual ) thel , you ever hear from joanna ? thelma ( also with deliberate nonchalance ) not for a couple of month . the last time I hear from she she be live in San Francisco . ted ( surprised ) California ? thelma ( watch he ) uh , huh ... she say she have a good job , be play a lot of tennis . she want to know all about billy . there be a beat of silence , then : ted ( the real question ) she ever ask about I ? thelma ( lie ) uh , huh ... yeah ... ted what d' you tell she ? thelma I tell she you be do a pretty good job . billy ( o.s. ) daddy ! daddy ! Ted glance around : he Pov billy and Kim be stand near the jungle Jim . billy have a toy airplane in he hand . billy daddy , look ! present billy Kramer 's fantastic superjet ! and he begin to race around the area , make jet noise and hold the airplane in he hand . reverse on ted watch he , smile . on billy weaving in and around the bench . he turn and start back towards Ted . as he do : quick CUT : insert : billy 's foot , as he trip . on billy as he start to fall , still hold onto the airplane . quick CUT : ted watch , horrify . on billy as he hit the concrete . on ted he leap to he foot , start toward the boy . on billy as he look up . jump CUT in to extreme closeup there be a terrible - look gash run from he cheek into he hairline . Kim scream at the sight of the blood . billy ( terrify ) daddy ! CUT to : ext . entrance to central park '' afternoon on the entrance as Ted , carry billy , wrap in he coat , come barrel out of the park , nearly knock over several people with shopping bag , and begin run like hell with the camera tracking just in front of he . in the background we see thelma and Kim chase after he . the length of the tracking shot should be much longer than we expect . it should , in fact , cover the three CITY block between the kramer apartment and the hospital , across street without stopping for the light , along crowded sidewalk without stopping , ending finally on the emergency entrance to the hospital . it must be genuinely superhuman , genuinely heroic . CUT to : int . examination room , emergency section , hospital '' day on ted kramer he be cover with billy 's blood , it be on he face , he shirt , he trousers . at the moment 'he stand helpless , watch as , off -screen , a surgeon examine billy 's wound . surgeon ( o.s. ) ( calm , reassure ) that 's good , billy ... that 's a brave boy ... now then , how 's that ? now we have clean it out ... wider shot billy lie on the examine table with the doctor bend over he . surgeon there . that be not so bad , be it ? billy do not say anything . surgeon now then , you just wait here , billy . I want to talk to you dad for a minute . the doctor motion for thelma to wait with billy and he cross to Ted who stand in the doorway . closer in on then surgeon ( low voice , again calm and reassure ) you boy be very lucky , Mr. Kramer . one inch over and it would have catch the eye . reaction ted surgeon but I be go to have to take some stitches . ted ( flat ) how many ? surgeon ten . Ted close he eye , there be a sharp intake of breath . surgeon because of the position of the wound and you son 's age , I do not think there will be much of a scar . otherwise I would call in a plastic surgeon . Ted nod . surgeon now , I would advise you to wait outside . it will be eas '' ted ( like a shot ) no . surgeon ( reasonable ) Mr. Kramer , there 's '' ted ( softly , but with real vehemence ) fuck you . he 's my son . I be stay with he . CUT to : close on ted he hold he son tightly while the doctor stitches up the boy 's wound . from this camera angle we can see Ted 's face , but only the back of billy 's head . although we do not see the stitches be make , we do see the doctor 's hand , with the needle and surgical thread as it move into and out of view with a slow , steady rhythm . billy 's hand clutches Ted 's so tightly that the knuckle be white . billy ( softly , as each stitch be take ) ohhh ... ohhhh ... ohhhhh ... ted ( whisper to he child ) it 's okay , son ... I be here ... just a little more to go ... do not worry , son ... I be here ... fade to black : ext . kramer apt . bldg . '' night wide shot it be late , only a few light be still on . CUT to : int . billy room '' night on billy he lie in bed , fast asleep , he head swathed in bandage . the camera pan away from he across to Ted , who sit in a nearby rock chair , watch he son . hold for a beat , then Ted get to he foot , walk quietly to the door and step out into the hall , close the door behind he . CUT to : int . kitchen '' night wide shot thelma have wash and dry the dish be now wiping off the top of the counter top , more to keep busy than anything else . she look around as Ted enter . thelma how be he ? reverse on ted stand in the doorway . he have not change he clothes and he be still cover with blood . ted ( nod ) he 's okay ... thel , can I ask you a favor ? thelma sure . ted I do not mean a little favor . I mean a big F favor . thelma nod . she watch Ted closely . he do not look at she . ted thelma , if I die '' thelma ( aghast ) what ? ted ( quickly ) I do not say I be go to die , but if I should '' thelma ( deeply upset ) do not say that ! I do not want to hear you say that ! ted ( firmly ) thel , listen to I . if , on the million to one shot that I should '' ( correct himself ) that anything should happen to I . would you take care of billy ? thelma ( amaze ) I ?! you want I to take care of billy ?! ted I think about it a lot and you be the only person I know that I trust with he . I mean , if anything happen to I , he would be okay with you . you be a good mother . silence . thelma look away from he . ted ( hastily ) I know it 's not a easy thing to answer . silence . she still can not look at he . ted look , if it 's too much responsibility '' thelma nod , unable to speak . ted you be sure ? she nod again . ted thank you , thel . thank you very much . CUT to : int . billy room '' early morning medium shot on billy as he lie in bed asleep . some time have pass and billy 's bandage be much smaller . hold on he as we hear off screen sound : from the street below , the regular six - forty - five garbage truck that serve as billy 's alarm clock . hold on billy as he wake up , struggle to he foot . the camera track with he as , eye close , he stumble into the bathroom , pee , and still not remember to flush the toilet walk into the bedroom and wake he father . as the child turn and walk toward the kitchen , the camera hold on ted . he heave himself to he foot and , eye close , in much the same manner as he son , stumble into the bathroom . he automatically flush the toilet without bother to look , walk into the live room , open the front door and pick up the paper . as he start into the kitchen , he meet billy come the other way carry two plate , a doughnut on each . the camera now track with billy as he walk into the live room , carefully set the plate on the dining table , cross to the television set , and turn it on . he return to the table , and sit down as Ted appear carry two glass of orange juice and vitamin . he take a seat in the chair opposite billy and open he paper and start to read . hold on they as they sit without talk , eat they breakfast '' the only sound , a child 's cartoon program come from the t.v. from time to time Ted glance up from he paper to look across at the cartoon . hold on they as we see that they have become roommate in the best sense of the word . ext . ted' office bldg . '' midtown '' day wide shot it be a gray , cloudy day in mid-november . snow be fall . sound -effect : a telephone ringing . then : ted' voice hello ? joanna' voice Ted ? ted' voice joanna ? CUT to : int . restaurant , isle of capri '' night on the door as Ted enter , look around . the maitre d'hotel approach . from he attitude , it be clear that Ted and joanna be regular customer . maitre d'hotel good evening , Mr. Kramer . we have not see you for a long time . Mrs. Kramer , she wait for you in the back . ted thank you , John . the camera track with ted as he walk toward the back room of the restaurant . several waiter approach and say hello , the piano player look up and smile . as he reach the door to the back room . CUT to : int . back room ted' Pov '' joanna she sit against the wall , a glass of white wine in front of she . she be dress simply and no longer have a tan . nevertheless , joanna be still stunningly beautiful . hold on her for a beat as she look up , smile . on ted he stand watch she , he knee weak . it be impossible not to fall in love with she all over again . two shot as he cross to she table , sit down . joanna hello , Ted . you look well . ted so do you . the waiter appear , carry a scotch and soda . he set it down on the table in front of Ted . waiter the usual , Mr. Kramer . ted ( not take he eye off joanna ) thanks , gino . the waiter nod and promptly disappear . joanna how 's the new job ? ted Fine . there be a self - conscious pause . from the bar , the piano player begin play a new song . from Ted and joanna 's reaction , it be clearly a song that have mean a great deal to they in the past . they listen for a moment , then : ted look at we , joanna . just like any old marry couple have dinner . who would believe it . joanna yes ... how 's billy ? on ted the question he have be dread . ted he 's great ... except ... ( not look at she ) ... except he have ... he fall and he cut he face . he ... he have a scar , joanna , from about here to here . ( indicate where and how big ) there be a beat of silence . a moment of share feel . ted ( he have to say it to someone ) I can not help but feel somehow ... it 's my fault . I keep think I could have do something '' stop it ... joanna you can not tell it from a distance , Ted . for the first time he look up at she . ted what ? cross - cutting between they : joanna I have see he . ted you have ? joanna a few time . sometimes I sit in that coffee shop across the street and watch when you take he to school . on ted speechless . joanna he look like a terrific kid . ted he be ... ( he still can not get over it ) you sit in that coffee shop across from school '' joanna ( complete the sentence ) watch my son ... Ted , I have be live in New York for the past two month . ted ( amaze ) you have be live here , in the city ? joanna ( a deep breath ) Ted ... the reason I want to see you ... I want billy back . ted you want what ?! joanna ( firm ) I want my son . I be through sit in coffee shop look at he from across the street . I want my son . ted be you out of you mind ?! you be the one that walk out on he , remember ? joanna ( try to explain ) Ted , listen to I ... you and I , we have a really crappy marriage '' ( hastily ) look , do not get so defensive , okay ? it be probably as much my fault as it be yours ... anyway when I leave I be really screw up '' ted joanna , I do not give a '' joanna ( she will be hear ) Ted , all my life I would either be somebody 's daughter or somebody 's wife , or somebody else 's mother . then all of a sudden , I be a thirty - two - year-old , highly neurotic woman who have just walk out on she husband and child . I go to California because that be about as far away as I could get . only ... I guess it be not far enough . so I start go to a shrink . ( lean forward , very sincere ) Ted , I have have time to think . I have be through some change . I have learn a lot about myself . ted ( like a shot ) such as ? silence . ted ( boring in ) come on , joanna , what do you learn ? I would really like to know . silence . ted ( relentless ) one thing , okay ? just tell I one goddam thing you have learn . there be a beat of silence , then : joanna ( quiet , determine ) I have learn that I want my son . on ted he react as though he have be slap . ted joanna , go be a mother . get marry , have kid . do not get marry , have kid . do whatever you want . I do not give a damn . just leave I out of it '' and leave my baby out of it . joanna Ted , if you can not discuss this rationally - ted ( get to he foot ) joanna , go fuck yourself ! and with that he turn on he heel and stalk out of the restaurant . CUT to : int . lawyer' office '' day wide shot a large , very plush office : lot of antique , beautiful nineteenth century painting on the wall along with autograph photograph of at least three ex - president of the United States . sitting behind a large and impose desk be JOHN shaunessy , a handsome , formidable man in he early sixty . he be well - dress , a cornflower in he buttonhole , that sort of thing . at the moment , shaunessy lean back in he chair as Ted finish he story . ted ( lean forward , intense ) look , she walk out on she own child , right ? that 's desertion , right ? Mr. shaunessy , I be tell you it 's a open and shut case . shaunessy first , there 's no such thing as a open and shut case . especially where custody be involved . get it ? Ted nod . shaunessy second , the burden be on we to prove you ex - wife be a unfit mother . that mean I be go to have to play rough and , if I play rough , you can bet they will too . can you take that , Mr. Kramer ? Ted nod . shaunessy third , it will cost you five thousand dollar . reaction ted that 's a astronomical amount of money to he . shaunessy that 's if we win . if we lose , you could end up have to pay you wife 's court cost as well . ted ( determine ) Fine . shaunessy good . you have hire yourself a hell of a lawyer , Mr. Kramer . ( down to business ) how old be the child ? ted six . on shaunessy he shake he head . shaunessy that 's tough . in most case involve a child that young , the court tend to side with the mother . on ted agitate . this be not what he want to hear . ted but she sign over custody . here ... he dig in he pocket , pull out a piece of paper and thrust it at the lawyer . shaunessy ( glance at it ) I be not say we do not have a shot , but it will not be easy ... ( think for a moment ) Mr. Kramer , do I a favor . there be something I find very helpful in matter like this . I sit down and make a list of all the pro and con on a issue . I actually write they down and look at they . I want you to do that , okay ? then , after that , if you be really sure you want to retain custody of you child '' then we will go in there and whip they ass . CUT to : int . live room '' kramer apt . '' late at night wide shot Ted sit at the dining table , the supper dish have be push aside . he have a legal pad in front of he and be write . the camera dolly in closer . insert '' ted' Pov the legal pad . on one side Ted have write " pro " and on the other , " con . " underneath " con " Ted have write a long list of the drawback involved in keep billy : sex life , money , possibility of remarriage , sleep , emotional dependence . the " pro " side of the list be empty . on ted he sit for a moment , stare at the list , then he crumple the paper , get to he foot . CUT to : int . billy room '' night on the door as Ted enter . he cross to billy 's bed where the child be fast asleep , sit down on the edge , and start to rub the child 's back . ted I love you billy Kramer . billy ( half - asleep ) I love you too daddy . Ted kiss the child , get to he foot and start toward the door . ted sleep tight . do not let the bedbug bite ... billy ( almost asleep again ) see you in the morning light ... CUT to : int . o'connor' office '' day wide shot O'Connor stand with he back to Ted , look out the window . from the beginning this be clearly a awkward and unpleasant moment . o'connor ( scared to do what he be about to do ) look , ah ... Ted . I just get word from the guy at revlon and ... ah they do some marketing test on we campaign and the result be ... close on ted hold on he listen as it slowly dawns on he that he be be fire . o'connor ( stiff ) disappoint . it only pull a fourteen share and they be hope for a twenty five minimum , and ... ah ... they be not very happy and ... well , the guy have decide they want to ... ah , re-think the entire concept and ... look , I do not like have to do this , okay ?... but ... I mean , what I mean be ... ah , I be go to have to ... ah , let you go '' ted ( not really sure he hear right ) be you fire I , Jim ? on o'connor he still have he back to Ted . o'connor c'mon , Ted , do not get emotional . okay ? ( whining ) look , this be not exactly a easy thing for I to do , y'know ? I swear Murray and I do everything we could , but that son of bitch be out for blood . I mean it be all I could do to keep the account inside the shop ... look , I promise , if I hear of anything I will let you know first thing . Ted , I want '' O'Connor look around . o'connor Ted ?... he Pov the room be empty , the door stand open and Ted be go . o'connor' voice Ted ?... CUT to : int . ted' office '' day wide shot as Ted grab a picture of billy from he desk , take he jacket and coat and stalk out the door . CUT to : ext . STREET '' day tracking alongside ted as he walk along the street in a state of total shock . behind he , in the window of expensive store we note Christmas decoration . CUT to : int . interview room , employment agency '' day wide shot Ted sit across from the interviewer , a polished young man in he middle twenty , very efficient , he sound a bit like a tape recording . interviewer ( glance at a form Ted have fill out ) ummm , hmmm ... umm , hmmm ... ( the good news ) well , this look very good .. of course ( the bad news ) ... you understand this be the worst time of the year to look for a job . ted ( panic ) what ?! what do you mean , I do not understand . interviewer ( patronize ) Mr. Kramer , nobody even think about leave they job until after they get they Christmas bonus . ted look , you do not understand . I need a job . I have get a kid and '' interviewer ( smooth ) I understand and I be absolutely sure something wonderful will turn up ... ( end any further discussion ) ... after the first of the year . CUT to : ext . STREET '' day on a telephone booth Ted stand inside , talk on the phone . as the camera dolly in closer , he hang up the receiver and take the employment section of the New York Times which be fill with listing he have circle and cross off one . he go on to the next , take a dime from the stack on the shelf in front of he and start to dial . CUT to : ext . ted kramer' apt . house '' evening establishing shot CUT to : int . kitchen '' night on ted who stand at the sink do the last of the dish . a dishtowel be tuck into he belt , serve as a apron . hold on he as we hear : sound -effect : the phone ringing . Ted wipe he hand , pick up the phone . ted uh , huh ? secretary's voice ( from the phone ) Mr. Kramer ? please hold for Mr. shaunessy ... then , a moment later : shaunessy's voice Ted ? they have set the court date . I just hear today ... it 's ... ( check he note ) January sixth . ted ( despair ) oh , Christ .. . John , there 's some - thing I ought to tell you . my ... ah , situation have ... change . I lose my job . there be a long pause , too long . ted John ? shaunessy's voice ( thoughtfully ) Ted , I will not lie to you , we do not have a hope in hell of win a custody hearing if you be out of work . Ted double over the phone like he have be hit in the stomach . ted ( softly , but with real feel ) good Christ , joanna , just get the hell out of my life . shaunessy's voice Ted ? be you there ? ted yeah . shaunessy's voice any prospect ? ted ( try to make himself believe it ) do not worry . I plan to have something within twenty - four hour , John . shaunessy's voice ( amaze ) how the hell be you go to do that ? ted ( grim ) I do not know . int . interview room '' employment agency '' day wide shot the same young man sit across the desk from Ted . interviewer ( smirk ) mis-ter Kramer , as I mention yesterday , this be a very bad time of year to look for work . now I be sure we will have something for you by mid- February , March at the latest . close on ted lean forward , impatient . ted I need a job , now . cross - cutting between they : the interviewer give Ted a weary look . then he start to flip through the card file . interviewer ( go through the motion ) no ... no ... no ... finally he pause at one card , pull it out . interviewer ( doubtfully ) there might be something at J. walter Thompson . but ... ( shaking he head ) ... I do not think they be really serious . the position 's be open for two month and ... ( shrug ) they may just be on a fishing expedition . ( cheerful ) I be sure you will be much happier if you wait until after the first '' ted ( check he watch ) call up the people at J. walter Thompson . set up a appointment at four . interviewer ( politeness strain almost to the break point ) mis-ter Kramer , it 's ... ( check he watch ) ... almost four now . it 's the Friday before Christmas . nobody be go to want to '' ted ( lean forward , tough as nail ) either you call and set up the appointment , or I will call . and if I call , you lose the commission . interviewer ( arch ) my , we be a hot shot be not we ? Ted be already on he foot and halfway out the door . ted you bet you ass . CUT to : int . office advertising manager , J. walter thompson '' late afternoon it be dark outside and the light be on in the office . from beyond the door , we can hear the sound of a Christmas office party in full swing . on jack ackerman the advertising manager . a bald man in he mid-forty , he wear a suit , complete with vest . at the moment he sit behind he desk listen to Ted 's spiel , from time to time he glance at the resume on the desk in front of he . ted ( o.s. ) so , Mr. ackerman , as you can see from my resume , my experience in set up the leisure package concept mean that I have spend a lot of time work along the same line as you multiple busy and you regional advertising idea . I know the pitfall , but '' and this be more important '' I know the potential revenue for the company inherent in this program . on ted as he finish . he sit back , pleased with himself . cross - cutting between they : ackerman well , Mr. Kramer , I must say this have be very impressive . I would like to think about it and get back to you . ted ( lean forward ) Mr. ackerman , be there anyone else that I should see before you come to a decision . ackerman Mr. Spencer , we advertise director . ted ( no time to waste ) could I see he right away ? ackerman ( take aback ) I be sorry , but he 's leave this evening for a two - week vacation . I will set up something the moment he get back . he get to he foot , start to shake Ted 's hand , ready to end the interview . ted I would like to see he now '' before he leave . ackerman Mr. Kramer , I do not think '' ted ( mean it ) I want this position very much . ackerman give Ted a long , consider look , then : ackerman wait here . he turn and go out the door . CUT to : int . outer office , J. walter thompson '' late afternoon the large room be crowded with secretary , junior executive , researcher , editor , ad-men , etc. , etc . they all have drink in they hand and there be a good deal of kissing and general conviviality go on . the camera track with ackerman as he step out of he office , close the door behind he and make he way across the room to mr . spencer , the advertise director . at the moment , Spencer stand with he coat over one arm and a drink in he hand talk to a very pretty young woman . ackerman approach he , whisper something in he ear . Spencer shake he head and point to he watch . ackerman say something else and finally , with a look of weary resignation , Spencer excuse himself from the pretty young woman and follow ackerman back to he office . the camera follows they . as ackerman open the door to he office , the camera be angle so that we can see past they , into the office where Ted stand wait . ackerman ( as they enter ) Mr. Spencer , Mr. Kramer . spencer ( not waste any time ) so you be the go-getter . all right , you have get ten minute . as the door close behind they , block we view , the camera pan up to a clock over the door . it read five - fifteen . match dissolve to : int . ackeerman office '' late afternoon on a clock which now read five twenty - two . the camera pull back to reveal Spencer , now sit in ackerman 's chair , he foot on ackerman 's desk . Ted have just finish he pitch . spencer ( sip he drink ) that 's very interesting , Mr. Kramer . I must say , it 's very interesting . let I think about it . I will let Jack ... ( indicate ackerman ) ... know and he will get in touch with you . Spencer get to he foot , start to retrieve he coat . on ted as he decide to take a gamble . ted Excuse I , I believe you say I have ten minute . on spencer almost at the door , look around . spencer well ? on ted check he watch . ted that mean I have get two minute leave . I understand you be pay twenty - five . Spencer nod . ted ( a deep breath , then a real huckster ) all right , I will tell you what I be gonna do '' I will take the job at twenty - two -five . now , that 's twenty - five hundred less than you be offer . the only thing be , you have to say yes right now . not tomorrow . not next week . not after the holiday . it 's worth it to I for a yes right now and I will take twenty - five hundred less . there be a long beat of silence as Spencer and ackerman look at one another . they be clearly not prepare for this . ted ( watch they ) today only . one day only . twenty - two five . spencer Mr. Kramer , can we talk privately for a moment ? ted certainly . CUT to : outer office '' late afternoon on ted as he step out of ackerman 's office , sit down . now , all of the fear , all of the anxiety that he have be fight down come welling up . what if he push too hard ? what will he do if he do not get a job ? if Ted Kramer could fall to he knee and pray , he would . cross -cut with the christmas party that swirl around he . we notice in particular , one very pretty young woman flirt with a number of man . she be wear a dress with strap , one of they have break and she have patch it with a piece of mask tape . finally the door to ackerman 's office open and he step out . ackerman Mr. Kramer ? Ted jump to he foot , start into the office . CUT to : int . ackeerman office '' late afternoon on spencer he look at Ted carefully for a long time , then : spencer ( grin ) welcome aboard , Mr. Kramer . closeup ted there be a instant of relief , then , with astounding cool : ted well , gentleman , I be pleased to be with you . another angle as they shake hand , say they good - by . the camera track with ted as he make he way through the Christmas party that be still go strong . then , suddenly , as he pass the very pretty woman we notice earlier , he turn and kiss she . quick cut as a look pass between they , a sudden chemistry , something we have not see in Ted before . ted ( step back from the astound girl , grin ) merry Christmas . CUT to : ext . STREET '' day on a bus as it pull to a stop , the door open and , along with the usual flood of mother and child we see Ted and billy . the camera track with they as they walk to school . billy be talk a mile a minute , describe in minute detail the plot of a episode of " I dream of jeannie . " Ted listen intently , then , almost involuntarily , he glance over he shoulder in the direction of the coffee shop . he Pov there , stand in the window , watch , be joanna . on ted and billy as they continue to walk . Ted 's eye remain on joanna . as they reach the door to the school , Ted look at he son . ted ( kissing billy goodbye ) you be a terrific kid , billy Kramer . he stand watch as billy rush off into the building . then he turn back and once again look in the direction of the coffee shop . he Pov this time there be no one there . CUT to : ext . kramer apt . bldg . '' night establishing shot hold for a beat as we hear : off screen sound : a telephone ringing . then , a moment later : ted' voice hello ? shaunessy's voice Ted ? John shaunessy here . I just get a call from you wife 's lawyer . she want to see the kid . CUT to : int . kitchen '' kramer apt . '' night Ted Kramer , the phone cradle against he ear be clean up the remain of one of billy 's attempt to make the perfect peanut butter sandwich . close on ted horrify . ted what ?! she want what ?! shaunessy's voice ( he 's be through this a million time ) she 's the mother . that mean she 's within she legal rights . ted ( agitate ) John , what if she kidnap he . I have hear all this '' shaunessy ( the patience of a saint ) look , Ted , I do not honestly think she would go to the trouble of suing you for custody of the child if she be plan on kidnap he . ted ( doubtful ) I do not know , John ... I mean , to be brutally honest , I be not so sure what kind of mental shape joanna 's in right now . y'know she admit she be see a shrink . shaunessy's voice ( a flicker of interest ) you ever see she talk to the wall ? ted no , but '' shaunessy's voice then you do not have a choice . have billy at the seventy - fifth Street entrance to Central Park , Saturday at ten . CUT to : ext . fifth ave . side of central park '' day on ted and billy tracking in front of they as they walk along the Central Park side of fifth Ave . from they attitude it be clear that each of they , for they own reason , be very nervous . ted' Pov '' tracking forward about half a block away joanna pace back and forth . she have not see they and it be clear that she be as nervous as they be . another angle on ted and billy Ted stop , turn to billy and give he a last- minute check . then , spot a smudge he take he handkerchief , spit on it and wipe the child 's chin . now satisfied , he take billy 's hand and they continue . suddenly : closeup billy as he spot he mother . billy mommy ! quick CUT : joanna as she turn , spot billy , start to run . on billy tracking with he as he let go of Ted 's hand and start to run flat out toward he mother . she kneel , open she arm wide for he and he go barrel into she , almost knock she down from the impact . joanna ( somewhere between laughter and tear ) oh , billy ... oh my billy ... oh my son ... wider shot joanna get to she foot and take billy 's hand . joanna ( to Ted , but look at billy ) I will have he back at six . and they start off in the opposite direction . on ted realizing that billy have not say good - bye , have not look at he once . jump CUT to : wider shot Ted stand helpless , watch they leave . jump CUT to : wider shot Ted , now almost lose from view on the crowded street , still have not move . fade to black : wide shot Ted and Phyllis , get ready to go to bed . they look like a couple that have be marry at least five year . Ted be busy talk as he take off he tie , jacket and start to unbutton he shirt . Phyllis be get undress also , hang thing in the closet , put thing away in drawer . but as Ted continue to talk , she watch he apprehensively , it be clear that something be wrong . ted ( he have become a armchair lawyer ) so , naturally , you assume that since joanna leave , that would be a compelling point against she , right ? phyllis ( thoughtful ) right . ted but it do not work that way . a major decision be hand down by the appellate Court in 1969 '' in the case of haskins versus . haskins . phyllis Kramer '' ted now in haskins versus . haskins the court rule in favor of the mother , thus establish a precedent for award the child to the mother even though she previously abandon the baby . phyllis Kramer ... there 's something I ought to tell you . ted yeah ? phyllis I have be offer a job in Washington with h.e.w. close on ted he stop what he be do , turn to she . ted and ? phyllis ( a deep breath ) I be go to take it . reaction '' ted he sit down on the bed . phyllis it 's a very good job '' too good to pass up . I will be handle funding for the whole ... ( she stop , sit beside he on the bed ) look , I ... ( she mean love ) ... " like " you a lot . and you ... ( she mean love ) ... " like " I , okay ? maybe if it be a year from now , maybe thing would be different ... ted ( quiet ) but it 's not a year from now , be it ? she shake she head , then , reach out and touch he . phyllis I will miss you , Kramer ... int . kramer apt . '' day on the front door it be open and stand in the doorway be a attractive woman , a bit overweight and very serious . this be dr . alvarez , the court appoint psychiatrist . alvarez Mr. Kramer ? ted yes ? alvarez I be Dr. alvarez , judge Atkins ask I to look in on you son and prepare a evaluation sheet . ted oh , yes . wo not you come in . Dr. alvarez enter the apartment . Ted help she off with she coat . alvarez where be the child ? ted he 's in he room , play . alvarez good . I will see he in there . as Ted carry she coat to the closet , Dr. alvarez walk into the live room , look around . alvarez Mr. Kramer , do you ever have sex in here with anyone ? ted Doctor , I attempt to conduct my social life discreetly . at the moment I be see no one . cross - cutting between they : alvarez do that distress you ? ted not particularly . alvarez what do ? ted the prospect of lose my child . alvarez ( make some note , then : ) very well , I would like to see he if I may . they cross to the door of billy 's room . Ted open it . int . billy room '' day there Pov the room be a mess , block be stack everywhere . billy sit in the middle play with he toy . on ted and dr . alvarez they stand in the doorway . ted billy . this be Dr. alvarez . she would like to talk to you . billy ( look up from he toy ) sure . there be a awkward pause as Ted remain in the doorway . dr . alvarez ( pointedly ) I would like to talk to billy privately . ted ( embarrassed at be catch ) oh , yeah ... reluctantly , Ted leave , close the door behind he . the camera track with he as he cross the live room to the couch where he have a stack of legal book and a number of note pad spread out . he be obviously continue he legal education . through out the following , the camera remains on he face . alvarez ( o.s. ) what do you have here , billy ? billy ( o.s. ) Detroit . alvarez ( o.s. ) have you ever be to Detroit ? billy ( o.s. ) no. but I have be to Brooklyn . alvarez ( o.s. ) I see you have people there . what be they name ? billy ( o.s. ) that 's Kim ... and this one 's thelma and that 's Mrs. willewska and this be daddy and that 's batman and over there be Robin . alvarez ( o.s. ) what about you mommy ? billy ( o.s. ) oh , sure . here , this can be mommy . alvarez ( o.s. ) do you like to be with you mommy ? Ted by now have give up all pretense of work . he wag he pencil in the direction of the door . ted ( the defense attorney ) objection . you be lead the witness . billy ( o.s. ) sure . alvarez ( o.s. ) what do you like best about she ? billy ( o.s. ) lunch in a restaurant . alvarez ( o.s. ) what do you like best about you daddy ? billy ( o.s. ) play . alvarez ( o.s. ) tell I , do you daddy ever hit you ? reaction '' ted eye wide . he start to get up . ted objection . billy ( o.s. ) sure . lot of time . this bring Ted all the way to he foot . he start across the live room head for the door to billy 's room . alvarez ( o.s. ) ( interested ) when do he hit you ? Ted have he hand on the doorknob , about to enter . billy ( o.s. ) he hit I on the planet kriptarium , when I steal the bury treasure from the famous peanut butter factory . alvarez ( o.s. ) in real life when do he hit you ? billy ( o.s. ) ( laugh ) my daddy do not hit I , silly . why would my daddy hit I ? CUT to : ext . modern office build , midtown '' day wide shot it be a Saturday afternoon . hold for a beat as we see Ted Kramer and billy approach . billy be talk a mile a minute . Ted listen intently , absorb in the boy 's description . as they turn into the entrance of the office building : int . corridor , J. walter thompson '' day wide shot a long corridor with desk for secretary line up next to door lead to smaller individual office . as they approach a door in the foreground that bear a small sign read , " Ted Kramer " : ted ( interrupt billy , who be still in the middle of he story ) see . that 's my name . billy ( look at the sign ) it 's my name too . ted right . as he open the door : CUT to : int . ted kramer' office '' day it be a pleasant enough office , but nothing spectacular , window that look out over fifty-seventh Street , simple Formica furniture , that sort of thing . on the door as they enter . billy ( he stop dead in he track at the sight of the office ) wow ! ted ( pleased ) you like it ? billy cross to the window , press he nose to the glass , look out . billy wow ! be this really where you work ? Ted nod , walk over to the desk and begin collect paperwork to do over the weekend . as he do , billy go through the office , sit in every chair , look in every drawer . billy be this really you desk ? ted yep . billy be that really you chair ? ted uh huh ... billy wow ! that 's neat . can I sit in it ? ted sure . billy plop himself down in Ted 's chair , swivel around . billy do mommy ever see this ? ted no , she never do . billy be you go to get remarry ? ted I do not know . I have not think much about it . billy be you go to remarry Phyllis ? ted ( shaking he head ) no . close on billy there be a long pause , then : billy will you and mommy get remarry ? Ted stop what he be do , look across at billy : ted no , son . daddy and mommy will never get remarry . billy ( look around Ted 's office ) Boy , I bet you if mommy ever see this she would remarry you . CUT to : int . bedroom '' very early in the morning close on a alarm clock that sit on a nightstand as it ring , the camera pan across and we see joanna sit in bed wide awake , smoking . as she put out the cigarette she have be smoking and start to get out of bed , CUT to : int . kitchen '' ted kramer' apt . '' early morning on ted who stand with a cup of coffee in he hand , look out the window , but not see anything . hold for a beat , then he check he watch and start for the bedroom . CUT to : int . joanna' bedroom '' morning on joanna as she select a very conservative suit from she closet . CUT to : int . billy kramer' bedroom '' morning wide shot as Ted , now fully dress , wear a dark blue suit , white shirt , conservative tie , lean over billy and wake he . CUT to : int . coffee shop '' morning joanna sit across from she lawyer as he talk to she , intently , give she last- minute instruction . CUT to : ext . STREET '' morning on ted kramer take billy to school . they stop at the entrance , Ted kiss he son good - bye and stand for a moment watch as the boy run into the building . CUT to : ext . courthouse '' day wide shot it be a bleak January morning , the street around the courthouse be mobbed with people on they way to work . we see Ted Kramer , a tiny figure among hundred , come out of the subway . he cross the street and start up the step of the large and forbid courthouse . CUT to : int . courthouse '' day wide shot as Ted get off the elevator and start down the corridor , toward the courtroom . in the f.g. , '' stand by the door of the courtroom itself be John shaunessy , he greet Ted , they shake hand and talk together for a moment . then , as they enter the courtroom : CUT to : int . courtroom on the door as Ted enter , look around . Mrs. willewska sit in one of the back row , wear she best Easter hat . Ted pause by she , thanks she for come . several row in front of she be thelma . Ted cross to she , they talk quietly between themselves for a few moment . then Ted move on to a table at the front of the room where John shaunessy wait . on the door at the back of the courtroom as they swing open and joanna , along with she lawyer , a mr . gressen . the camera pan with they as they walk to the front of the room and take they seat at the table opposite Ted and he lawyer . clerk oyez , oyez ... the third circuit Court of the State of New York , judge Atkins preside be now in session . all rise ... wide shot as the judge enter , take he seat . open business of the court . wide shot as gressen ( joanna 's lawyer ) get to he foot . gressen you honor . as we first witness I would like to call joanna Kramer . two shot '' ted and shaunessy the lawyer lean across to Ted . shaunessy ( stage whisper ) Real direct . motherhood ... they be go right for the throat . wide shot as joanna get to she foot , cross to the witness stand and be swear in . note : throughout the follow , we continually cross - CUT to Ted Kramer , lean forward , listen intently . it become evident that , in spite of himself , there be moment he feel great compassion for joanna . gressen now then , Mrs. Kramer , would you tell the court how long you be marry ? joanna six year . gressen and would you describe that year as happy ? joanna the first couple , yes , but after that it become increasingly difficult . gressen Mrs. Kramer , do you ever work in a job while you be marry to you ex-husband ? joanna no , I do not . gressen do you wish to ? joanna yes . I try to talk to Ted '' my ex - husband '' about it , but he would not listen . he refuse to discuss it in any serious way . I remember one time he say I probably could not get a job that would pay enough to hire a baby - sitter for billy . gressen tell I , Mrs. Kramer , be you employ at the present time ? joanna yes , I work for jantzen as a sportswear designer . gressen and what be you present salary ? joanna I make thirty - one thousand dollar a year . reaction '' ted stun . gressen ( switch tactic ) Mrs. Kramer , do you love you child ? joanna ( emphatically ) yes . very much . gressen and yet you choose to leave he ? there be a long pause , then : joanna ( speak carefully , with great think ) yes ... look , during the last five year we be marry , I have ... I be get more and more ... unhappy , more and more frustrated . I need to talk to somebody . I need to find out if it be I , if I be go crazy or what . but every time I turn to Ted '' my ex-husband , he could not handle it . he become very ... I do not know , very threaten . I mean , whenever I would bring up anything he would act like it be some kind of personal attack . anyway , we become more and more separate ... more and more isolate from one another . finally , I have no other choice , I have to leave . and because of my ex - husband 's attitude '' he unwillingness to deal with my feeling , I have come to have almost no self -esteem ... ( with feel ) at the time I leave , I sincerely believe that there be something wrong with I '' that my son would be better off without I . it be only when I get to California and start into therapy I begin to realize I be not a terrible person . and that just because I need some creative and emotional outlet other than my child , that do not make I unfit to be a mother . gressen ( to the judge ) you honor , I would like to place in evidence a report on Mrs. Kramer 's therapy by she therapist , Dr. elinore freedman of La Jolla , California . and with that he hand both the judge and shaunessy a thick sheaf of papers . then , turn he attention back to joanna : gressen Mr. Kramer , why do you set up residence in New York ? joanna because my son be here . and he father be here . as a mother , I do not want my child to be separate from he father . gressen Mrs. Kramer , can you tell the court why you be ask for custody ? there be a pause , then : joanna because he 's my child ... because I love he . I know I leave my son , I know that 's a terrible thing to do . believe I , I have to live with that every day of my life . but just because I be a woman , do not I have a right to the same hope and dream as a man ? do not I have a right to a life of my own ? be that so awful ? be my pain any less just because I be a woman ? be my feeling any cheaper ? I leave my child '' I know there be no excuse for that . but since then , I have get help . I have work hard to become a whole human be . I do not think I should be punish for that . I do not think my son should be punish for that . billy 's only six . he need I . I be not say he do not need he father , but he need I more . I be he mother . there be a beat of silence , then : gressen thank you , Mrs. Kramer . I have no further question . on shaunessy as he stand , collect he papers from the table and , take he own sweet time , cross to joanna . shaunessy now then , Mrs. Kramer , you say you be marry seven year . be that correct ? joanna yes . shaunessy in all that time do you husband ever strike you or abuse you physically in any way . joanna no. shaunessy do you husband strike or physically abuse he child in any way ? joanna no. shaunessy would you describe you husband as a alcoholic ? joanna no. shaunessy a heavy drinker ? joanna no. shaunessy be he unfaithful ? joanna no. shaunessy do he ever fail to provide for you ? joanna no. shaunessy ( wry smile ) well , I can certainly understand why you leave he . gressen objection . shaunessy ( switch he line of question ) how long do you plan to live in New York , Mrs. Kramer ? joanna permanently . note : during the early part of shaunessy 's cross -examination , joanna have be very forthright , very sure of herself . now , as he start get tougher , she begin to falter . shaunessy permanently ? ( smile , like a shark smile ) Mrs. Kramer , how many boy friend have you have '' permanently ? on joanna her head snap back as though she 's be hit . joanna I do not recall . shaunessy ( boring in ) how many lover have you have '' permanently ? joanna ( look toward gressen for help ) I do not recall . shaunessy more than three , less than thirty - three '' permanently ? on gressen he be again on he foot , outrage . gressen objection ! judge overrule . the witness will answer , please . joanna ( almost a whisper ) somewhere in between . shaunessy do you have a lover now ? gressen ( furious ) objection ! shaunessy ( to the judge ) you honor , I would request a direct answer to a direct question . do she have a lover ? judge I will allow that . the witness will answer please . joanna ( in a whisper ) yes . shaunessy be that ... permanent ? joanna ( by now she be become thoroughly rattle ) I ... I do not know ... shaunessy then , we do not really know , do we , when you say " permanently " if you be plan to remain in New York , or even to keep the child for that matter , since you have never really do anything in you life that be continue , stable , that could be regard as permanent . on the petitioner table gressen jump to he foot . gressen objection ! I must ask that the counsel be prevent from harass the witness . judge sustain . shaunessy ( a new attack ) Mrs. Kramer , how can you consider yourself a fit mother when you have be a failure at virtually every relationship you have undertake as a adult ? gressen ( red in the face ) objection ! judge sustain . shaunessy I will ask it another way . what be the longest personal relationship you have have in you life '' other than parent and girlfriend ? joanna ( rattle ) ah ... I guess I would have to say ... with my child . shaunessy ( wonder , irony ) whom you have see twice in a year ? Mrs. Kramer , you ex-husband , be not he the longest personal relationship in you life ? joanna ( reluctantly ) I suppose ... shaunessy would you speak up , Mrs. Kramer ? I could not hear you . joanna ( louder ) yes . shaunessy how long be that ? joanna we be marry two year before the baby . and then four very difficult year . shaunessy so , you be a failure at the longest , most important relationship in you life . gressen objection ! judge overrule . joanna I be not a failure . shaunessy ( sarcastic ) oh ? what do you call it then '' a success ? the marriage end in divorce . joanna ( so angry she forget she cool ) I consider it less my failure than he . shaunessy ( seize on this ) congratulation , Mrs. Kramer . you have just rewritten matrimonial law . you be both divorced , Mrs. Kramer . gressen ( on he foot ) objection ! shaunessy ( to the judge ) you honor , I would like to ask what this model of stability and respectability have ever succeed at ? ( to joanna ) Mrs. Kramer , be you a failure at the longest , most important personal relationship in you life ? close on joanna who sit silently . judge please answer the question , Mrs. Kramer . joanna ( whisper ) it do not succeed . shaunessy ( suddenly fierce ) not it ... not it , Mrs. Kramer '' you . be you a failure at the most important personal relationship of you life ? closer in on joanna silence . shaunessy be you ? extreme closeup joanna joanna ( barely audible ) yes . wide shot shaunessy smile , turn he back on joanna and walk back toward the respondent 's table . shaunessy no further question . closer in on the table as shaunessy sit down next to Ted . ted ( lean over , in a whisper ) Jesus Christ . do you have to be so rough on she ? shaunessy ( tough ) do you want the kid or do not you ? on joanna shaken , she get down from the witness stand , cross to the petitioner 's table without look at Ted . she sit , lean across to she lawyer and whisper something in he ear . as he nod ... CUT to : int . courtroom , later in the day on jim o'connor who sit in the witness stand . at the moment he be be examine by gressen . gressen now then , Mr. O'Connor , how long do Ted Kramer work for you ? o'connor eight , almost nine year . gressen and do you have a close personal relationship ? o'connor ( in a whisper ) yes ... gressen and how do you find he work ? o'connor it be good . he be a hard worker , a lot of drive , a real hustler . gressen and yet you fire he . there be a long pause . o'connor ( look down ) Ted be a good worker . but , ah ... after he wife leave he and he be take care of the kid on he own , thing start to change . look , I know he have problem , I understand that . I have get problem , everybody 's get problem . but I have get a shop to run , I can not let that kind of thing get in the way ... ( quietly ) I guess I feel that Ted be let he duty at home interfere with he responsibility in the office . gressen thank you . I have no further question . shaunessy stand up . shaunessy Mr. O'Connor , do the agency still have the Fire and Ice account ? o'connor ( up tight ) no . shaunessy Mr. O'Connor , can you tell I where you be employ at the moment ? o'connor ( stiff ) at the moment I be unemployed . on the judge judge if the petitioner have no further witness , we will hear the respondent tomorrow morning at 9:30 . CUT to : int . live room '' kramer apt . '' night wide shot Ted sit at the dining table poring over law book , write copious note on a legal pad . billy sit across from he draw in a pad with magic marker . hold for a beat as billy look up at he father . it be clear that something be bother he . billy Mom '' I mean , dad ? ted ( not look up ) uh , huh ? billy what do you do when you be little ? ted ( still involved in he book ) I guess about the same kind of thing you do . billy do you watch " I dream of jeannie ? " ted ( distract ) uh , uh ... we do not have television then . on billy eye wide . he find this hard to believe . billy you do not have t.v.? on ted he look up for the first time , smile . ted nope . it have not be invent yet . he start to go back to work . billy ( this be serious business ) be there apple juice when you be little ? ted yeah , there be apple juice . billy be there Burger King ? ted uh , uh . there be no such a thing as Burger King . billy what else be not there ? on ted he take a long look at he son , then close the law book , put he note away . ted well , let 's see ... there be not McDonald 's . and there be not astronaut ... and there be not freeze yogurt . and there be not ... as he continue on about what be not , we fade to black : ext . courthouse '' day establishing shot int . courtroom '' day on thelma she sit in the witness stand be examine by shaunessy . from she attitude it be clear that she be very wringht up , that all of this be take a heavy emotional toll on she . shaunessy Mrs. Phillips , how long have you know Ted Kramer ? thelma six year . ever since Ted and joanna move into the building . shaunessy how often do you see Mr. Kramer and he son ? thelma ( to the judge , by way of explanation ) charley , my husband , and I be ... divorced and Kim , that 's we daughter be about billy 's age and the child play together a lot . so , I guess we see each three or four time a week . shaunessy can you describe the relationship between Mr. Kramer and he son ? thelma it 's beautiful . it 's just beautiful . they have a beautiful relationship . on gressen get wearily to he foot . gressen ( patronize ) objection , you honor . the answer be , to be generous , very vague . shaunessy can you recall any particular incident that relate to Mr. Kramer 's care of he child ? thelma ( fight a lose battle with she emotion ) Ted '' Mr. Kramer , spend a great deal of time with he child . I do not just mean hour , I mean good time , involved time . he read to billy . they play together . they talk all the time ... ( tear start ) he be a very ... kind man ... a very ... devote father , and ... and ... ( she turn to joanna ) and joanna if you ever see they together ... there would not be a trial at all ... ( she break down , weep ) oh , shit ... I be sorry ... I be sorry ... note : during this we cross - cut to joanna , who sit , stare at she friend , shake . shaunessy ( gently ) no further question . thank you Mrs. Phillips . gressen ( without look up from he note ) no question . thelma leave the stand and walk back to she seat . CUT to : int . courtroom '' day on ted kramer sitting in the witness stand . shaunessy Mr. Kramer , would you tell the court exactly why you want to retain custody of you child . ted ( speak quietly ) when joanna '' ( to the judge , correct himself ) '' my ex-wife '' when she be talk before about how unhappy she be during we marriage ... well , I guess most of what she say be probably true . there be a lot of thing I do not understand '' a lot of thing I would do different if I could . just like I guess there be a lot of thing joanna wish she could change ... but we can not . some thing , once they be do , can not be undone . joanna say she love billy . I believe she do . so do I . but the way it be explain to I , that 's not the issue . the only thing that 's suppose to matter here be what 's best for billy ... when joanna say why should not a woman have the same ambition as a man , I suppose she 's right . but by the same token what law be it that say a woman be a better parent simply by virtue of she sex ? I guess I have have to think a lot about whatever it be that make somebody a good parent : constancy , patience , understanding ... love . where be it write that a man have any less of that quality than a woman ? billy have a home with I , I have try to make it the best I could . it 's not perfect . I be not a perfect parent . ( unconsciously echoing something joanna say earlier ) I do not have enough patience . sometimes I forget he 's just a little kid ... but I love he ... more than anything in this world I love he . shaunessy thank you , Mr. Kramer . no further question . on gressen as he get up from the petitioner 's table and cross to the witness stand . gressen ( hard -line it ) Mr. Kramer , by any chance have you ever have a woman in you bed while you child be asleep in the next room ? ted I suppose . gressen ( pointedly ) so do i. shaunessy objection ! judge sustain . gressen ( switch to another line of attack ) Mr. Kramer , be not it true that you be fire from you last job not more than six week ago ? ted ( not lose he cool ) technically , the agency lose a big account and seventy four people be let go . I be one of they . gressen ( snotty ) you be fire , correct ? ted yes , but I be with J. walter Thompson now . I do not think that will happen again . gressen ( snide ) give they time ... shaunessy objection , you honor ! counsel be harass the witness . gressen ( to the judge , pettish ) you honor , I be only examine the man 's employment record . he pretend to fitness when he cannot hold a job . judge sustain . on gressen he be thoughtful for a moment , like a man try to decide whether or not to drop the bomb . then , turn back to Ted : gressen ( very tough ) Mr. Kramer , do you child nearly lose a eye when he be in you care ? reaction '' ted stun . he look across at joanna . quick CUT '' he Pov joanna look away . gressen ( boring in ) Mr. Kramer , do you , or do you not tell the child 's mother that you be responsible for the injury that permanently disfigure you child ? shaunessy be on he foot racing toward the bench . shaunessy ( vehement ) objection ! you honor , counsel be raise a question that be not germane to this proceedings . gressen ( to the judge ) while the child be in the care of the witness , he cut he face badly and be now scar . judge ( to gressen ) be you introduce the question of negligence here , counselor ? gressen yes , you honor . judge I see . well , you will have to do better than that . do you have any affidavit to support negligence ? gressen I do not , you honor , however '' judge this be a isolate incident , counselor , unless you can prove otherwise . gressen ( back to Ted ) do the witness deny the injury take place ? judge ( before Ted can say anything ) no , counselor , I be go to over - rule you on this line of question . gressen then I have conclude my question . on the petitioner table joanna sit , still not look at Ted . she hold she face , one hand shield she eye . CUT to : on the judge as he make he close statement . CUT to : int . MAIN lobby , courthouse '' day wide shot shaunessy and Ted stand talk , review the case . then the two man shake hand , the lawyer wave goodbye , turn and start back into the building . the camera pan with ted as he walk toward the main exit . CUT to : ext . MAIN entrance , courthouse '' day on ted as he come out of the building , start down the step . joanna ( o.s. ) Ted . he stop , turn : he Pov there , stand wait for he be joanna . close on ted his face a mask of cold anger . she cross to he . joanna I be sorry ... I just mention it in pass . I never think he would use it . ted ( sarcastic ) yeah , well he do , do not he . joanna please , Ted . I never would have bring it up if I think '' ted I be not interested , joanna . Goodbye . wide shot as he turn and walk away from she , leave she stand , watch he as he disappear . CUT to : ext . STREET '' day on ted and thelma it be a bleak winter 's day . the camera track with they as they walk along , Ted carry a bag of grocery , thelma with clean . the child run around they , play . thelma you hear anything yet ? ted ( shake he head ) any day . they walk in silence for several beat , each clearly lose in they own thought . then : thelma Ted . ted ( preoccupy ) uh , huh ... thelma ( this be hard to say ) ah , charley and I be ... well , we be think about ... I mean , actually we be sort of talk about maybe get back together . ted ( thunderstruck ) you and charley ? thelma nod . ted really ? thelma nod . ted ( conflict emotion ) hey , that 's terrific . thelma ( hastily ) maybe . I say maybe . ( apologize for she good fortune ) what I mean be , ah ... I do not think it will really work out , but charley seem to want it , so ... she leave the sentence unfinish . they walk in silence for several more step . then she take he hand . thelma ( can not help grin ) oh , God ... Ted , I be really scared . they walk in silence for a beat , then Ted look off screen , spot something : he Pov the Saturday Father , restless , bored , walk with he daughter who be also bored . it be clear that they have nothing to say to one another . he look around , spot Ted , wave and start in he direction . closeup ted he react as though he have see a vision of he own death . ted ( to thelma , urgent ) c'mon. ( to billy and Kim ) billy , Kim . let 's go . wide shot as Ted usher they across the street , away from the Saturday Father . CUT to : int . men' bar , midtown '' day a crowded , rather posh water spot . shaunessy sit alone at a table for two , a drink in front of he . reverse on the door as Ted enter , spot shaunessy and start in he direction . closer on shaunessy's table as Ted sit down . ted well ? on shaunessy as he look up at Ted , say nothing . on ted he realize that they have lose . ted oh , Christ ! cross - cutting between they : shaunessy the judge go for motherhood straight down the line . ted I lose he ? I lose he ? shaunessy I can not tell you how sorry I be . ted oh , no .. shaunessy ( read from a piece of paper ) order , adjudge and decreed that the petitioner be award custody of the minor child , effective Monday the 23rd of January . that the respondent pay for the maintenance and support of say child , four hundred dollar each month . that the father shall have the follow rights of visitation : every other weekend , one night each week to be mutually agree upon and one half of the child 's vacation period . ( look up at Ted ) that 's it . ted ( grim ) what if I fight it ? shaunessy ( matter of factly ) we can appeal , but I can not guarantee anything . ted ( determine ) I will take my chance . shaunessy it 's go to cost . ted ( he mind be make up ) do not worry . I will get the money . there be a beat of silence , then : shaunessy I have get to tell you something , Ted . this time it will be billy that pay . this time I will have to put he on the stand . close on ted as he last hope go crash to the ground . ted oh , Christ no ... I can not do that . I just ... can not ... ( he look up at the lawyer in despair ) Excuse I ... I be sorry ... I just ... that be all Ted can manage to say . he get to he foot and rush for the door . CUT to : ext . kramer apt . bldg . '' day on the entrance as Mrs. willewska come out . her eye be red from cry . the camera pan with her as she turn up the street on she way to pick up billy from school . the camera hold in position as she meet thelma . they stand talk for a moment , then thelma turn and start to run toward the building . CUT to : int . hallway , outside ted' apt . '' day on the elevator door they open and thelma step out . she run to the door , begin to knock . thelma ( call out ) Ted !... it 's I ... Ted ?... there be a beat of silence , then : ted ( o.s. ) ( very quiet ) please go away , thel ... I ... I just have to be by myself for a little while ... thelma Ted , I just hear ... ted ( o.s. ) please , thel ... thelma lean against the door and begin to sob . thelma I be so ... sorry ... oh , Ted , I be so sorry ... fade to black : fade in : ext . kramer apt . bldg . '' day wide shot as Mrs. willewska bring billy back from school . CUT to : int . kramer apt . '' day on the front door it open and billy and Mrs. willewska enter . billy see Ted and rush across to he . billy ( excited ) daddy ! you be home early . do you get fire again ? ted ( laugh in spite of himself ) no , son , I do not get fire . ( fake cheerful ) I will tell you what we will do , okay ? how about if we go to a Burger King and then we watch a little t.v. and then we get pack to go to the country tomorrow . just you and I ... how ' bout that ? CUT to : ext . kramer apt . bldg . '' night establishing shot hold for a beat , then : CUT to : int . live room '' kramer apt . '' night on ted he sit at the dining table , a typewriter in front of he . as he begin to type , hunt and peck system , we : CUT to : insert '' he Pov the page in the typewriter . we see and hear at the same time . ted ( v.o. ) joanna ... this be by way of introduce William Kramer . he be a sweet child , as you will see . he be allergic to grape juice , but will more than make up for the loss in apple juice . he be also allergic to peanut butter from the health food store , but not from the supermarket . do not ask I why . CUT to : ext . STREET '' day on a corner mailbox as Ted mail the letter . ted ( v.o. ) at time , in the night he will have nightmare , one particular monster be call the face . the face , as best as I can determine , look like a circus clown without a body , and from what the pediatrician say , and what I have read , may be sexual fear of lose he penis , or a fear of he own anger , or just a circus clown he see once . CUT to : ext . STREET '' day on the same mailbox as a sack of mail be load into a truck . ted ( v.o. ) his doctor , by the way , be still Ed Davies . the sundafe be for cold , one tablespoon every four hour . I will pack it in the blue suitcase . CUT to : ext . joanna kramer' apt . bldg . '' day wide shot a postman enter the building carry a bag of mail . ted ( v.o. ) his best storey have be babar and winnie the pooh up to now , with batman move up . his housekeeper have be etta willewska and she be the main reason for the note . she be a loving woman , conscientious , very concerned about billy and more important , billy care about she . CUT to : int . hallway , joanna' apt . bldg . '' day on a stack of mail as it be drop in front of a doorway . we see that the letter from Ted to joanna be on top . ted ( v.o. ) I urge you to retain she . her number be 722-8099 , and I think she will take the job if it be offer . I be sure other thing will come up . ask I what you need to and I guess eventually we will talk ... CUT to : int . joanna' apt . '' day on her as she finish read the letter . ted ( v.o. ) that 's all I can think of , except to repeat what I say before , he 's a terrific kid . I be grateful for the time we have have together and I feel I be a better man because of my son ... Ted . CUT to : ext . beach '' day it be a clear , cold beautiful winter 's day . Ted and billy walk along the beach at the edge of the water . the camera track with they . there be several beat of silence as Ted try to think of how to begin . finally : ted billy , sometimes when a mother and a father be divorced , there 's a discussion about who the child should live with , the mother or the father . now there be a man who be very wise . he 's call a judge . and a judge have a lot of experience with divorce and he decide who it would be best for the child to live with . billy why do he decide ? ted because ... well , that 's what he do . he 's a very powerful man . billy like a principal ? ted bigger than a principal . the judge sit in robe in a big chair ... the judge have think a lot about we , about you and I and you mom , and he have decide ... ( a deep breath ) ...he have decide that it would be best for you to live with you mom joanna in she apartment . ( fake cheerful ) and I be very lucky . because even though you will live with you mom joanna I will get to see you once a week for dinner and a couple of weekend a month . billy I do not understand , daddy . ted ( try very hard not to cry ) what do not you understand , pal ? billy where will my bed be , where will I sleep ? ted at you mom 's . she will have a bed for you in you own room . billy where will my toy be ? ted I will send you toy there and I be sure you will get some new one . billy who will read I my storey ? ted you mom . billy ( worried ) daddy , what if the face come when I be at mommy 's ? ted you mom know all about the face , okay ? do not worry , she will tell the face to beat it . billy will you come and say good - night to I every night ? suddenly Ted can not stand it any longer . ted look , it 's get cold . why do not you go inside where it 's warm . I will be along in a minute . billy hang back , watch Ted . ted go on , scoot . the boy turn and run back along the beach toward the house . then , he stop , turn back to look once more at he father . he Pov '' long shot Ted stand at the ocean 's edge , he back to camera , weep . fade to black : ext . kramer apt . bldg . '' day wide shot it be early Monday morning . CUT to : int . kramer kitchen '' morning on ted and billy they stand side by side , like a surgeon and he assistant . spread out on the counter in front of they be the making of french toast . the follow be do with great efficiency , in contrast to the first time we see they go through the same ritual . they work in silence except for a occasional command . each concentrate on this last moment of closeness , each do he best to avoid think about billy 's departure . finally : on billy look at he father , try to memorize the older man 's face . Ted turn , see he son watch he . ted ( with false gaiety ) hey ? what 's doin ' with that bread ? let 's see a little hustle around here . CUT to : int . live room '' kramer apt . '' morning wide shot billy 's bag be pack and stack neatly in the live room . nearby , billy and he father sit , silent , wait . sound -effect : the intercom from the lobby buzze . closer in on ted and billy Ted look at he son , smile . the boy smile back . ted this be it , pal . billy , fight back tear , nod . sound -effect : the intercom buzze again . Ted get to he foot and start toward the foyer . CUT to : int . foyer '' day as Ted pick up the intercom : ted yes ? joanna' voice Ted , it 's joanna . can you meet I in the lobby ?... alone ? and she hang up before he can answer . ted ( to Mrs. willewska , in the kitchen ) I will be back in a minute . CUT to : int . lobby '' day on the elevator door as they open , Ted step out , look around . he Pov the lobby be dark , the only light come from the window . joanna sit off to one side , wear sunglass . she look up as Ted approach , a small smile on she face . ted ( abrupt ) okay , I be here . now why do you '' joanna Ted , do you love he ? ted goddamnit , joanna . what the '' joanna ( insistent ) Ted , do you love he ? he nod . joanna I love he too ... I do not think I ever know how much until now . there be a long pause as she look at Ted , unable to speak . finally : joanna ( a deep breath , then : ) Ted , when we get marry it be because I be twenty - seven year old and I think I should get marry and ... when I have billy it be because I think I should have a baby ... and I guess all I do be mess up my life and you life and '' ted joanna , what the hell be '' joanna ( urgent ) please ... please do not stop I . this be the hardest thing I have ever have to do .. on ted struck by the urgency in she voice . joanna after I leave ... when I be in California , I begin to think , what kind of mother be I that I could walk out on my own child . it get to where I could not tell anybody about billy '' I could not stand that look in they face when I say he be not live with I . finally it seem like the most important thing in the world to come back here and prove to billy and to I and to the world how much I love he ... and I do ... and I win . only ... it be just another " should . " ( she begin to break down ) ... sitting in that courtroom . hear everything you do , everything you go through ... something happen . I guess it do not matter how much I love he , or how much you love he . I guess it 's like you say , the only thing that count be what 's best for billy . I do not know , maybe that 's all love be anyway ... Ted , I think billy should stay with you ... ted ( stunne ) what ? joanna ( she reach out , take he hand ) he 's already get one mother , he do not need two ... he 's yours ... ( she last ounce of reserve crumble ) I will not fight you for he any more . he 's yours ... ted oh , God ... oh , my God ... joanna only can I still see he ? ted no more wait in coffee shop ... I promise . joanna 's last ounce of reserve crumble , she begin to sob . Ted put he arm around she and hold she . they do not kiss . then , after a few moment she step back . joanna ( chin high ) okay ... I think I will go talk to my son now . ( wiping she eye ) how do I look ? ted beautiful . they step into the elevator and , as the door close , block they from view , we ... dissolve to : ext . STREET '' day on ted and billy tracking just in front of they as they walk to the park . they be deep in conversation , although we be too far away to bear what they be say . hold on they and , as they reach the entrance to the park , billy first , then Ted begin to run , overwhelm with the sheer joy of be alive , of be together . as they continue to run , the camera pull back and up and we see that they be only two among thousand of parent and child in Central Park on a sunny afternoon . the camera continue to pull back until they be lose from view and it be ... fade out : the end