krull by Stanford sherman the dragon of krull by Stanford sherman 3rd draft , November 1980 fade in : ext . forest - just before dawn mail-clad horsemen gallop headlong through the dark , bent low over they saddle . a bestial scream be hear , and suddenly a saddle be empty , the rider sprawle face down in a pool of blood . at the head of the band , colwyn , a boy of twenty - two , raise he shield to ward off a unseen assailant . we hear a horrendous tear sound , and colwyn 's father , turold , riding beside he , look over at the boy . colwyn be unharme - but he shield be deeply gouge , as if by a huge claw . ext . parapet of white castle - dawn a guard see the band of warrior emerge from the forest . guard ( shout ) open the gate ! ext . approach to white castle - dawn the warrior gallop toward the main gate of the castle . though they arm and armor be reminiscent of the Middle Ages on Earth , this be not Earth ... twin sunrise behind the rider , two sun rise above the horizon . ext . MAIN gate of white castle - dawn turold and colwyn lead they man through the gate and dismount . wait for they be lord rowan , a man of turold 's age , and a elderly councilor . rowan notice the gouge in colwyn 's shield . rowan ( to turold ) you be attack in the forest ? turold yes . we lose five . rowan you be lucky . I lose thirty there . int . corridor in white castle - day turold and rowan walk down the corridor , follow by colwyn and the councilor . rowan I try to reach ynyr , the old one . I lead a hundred man to he place in granite needle , but it be surround . the Dark one guard it by night and by day they call out the slayer . ynyr can not get out and no one can get in . turold how many do you lose ? rowan sixty at the needle , another thirty in the forest . only ten of we make it back . turold we will have to try again . his knowledge be great . without it , we can not hope to win . int . queen' bedroom - day the queen be propped up in bed , eye close , head tilt back . her crown , a jewele tiara , rest in she lap . she be attend by two girl -in - waiting , one of whom sponge she forehead with a damp cloth . the Queen open she eye as the elderly councilor enter . councilor Lord turold and he son , my lady . the Queen hand she tiara to one of the girl - in- wait , who place it on she head . then she nod , and the councilor admit turold and colwyn , follow by rowan . the three kneel . queen he have turn out well . turold stand and look down at colwyn with a affectionate smile . turold middle well . colwyn stand and we see that he be several inch taller than he father . turold though a touch too tall for my taste . colwyn smile somewhat sheepishly . queen ( to colwy n ) my daughter be in the north tower . go to she . colwyn ( flustered ) in my armor ? queen if she 's to marry a warrior , she would best get use to it . colwyn bow he head and leave . the three man approach the Queen . queen what news from we friend ? turold barak be still strong in the north , and tendo hold the high pass . but the great desert fort have fall . queen freylag 's stronghold ? turold it have be take , freylag and all he people slaughter . queen it be only a few week and already half we strong place have fall . turold the attack be uncease : by night , the Dark one ; by day , that of we people who have sell themselves to they , that traitor who be call the slayer . queen it be the way of all invader . that they would conquer they divide , buy ally with promise of land and power . turold we will hold . they power be not unlimited . ext . gloomy forest road - day two mount slayer ride along the road . they horse and armor be black , as be they cylindrical , flat- top helmet , pierce with a t-slot for vision . they weapon be long -sword and mace . two more slayer ride out of the forest and join the black column . at a road up ahead wait three more , who swing in behind the column as it pass . Forest noise die at the slayer ' approach ; the only sound we hear be the clink of metal and the heavy thud of the horse ' hoof . int . tower staircase - day colwyn mount a narrow , circular staircase toward a wooden door . int . tower room - intercut lyssa , the Queen 's seventeen - year- old daughter , stare across the circular room at the wooden door , listen to colwyn 's approach footstep . the door swing open and colwyn enter . they stare at each other for several moment : colwyn , dusty and dishevel in he armor , lyssa freshly scrubbed and glow in a diaphanous gown . colwyn ( nervous ) I be colwyn . lyssa nod , noncommittal . they start to circle the room , eye fix on each other , like a pair of nervous cat . colwyn ( plaintive ) be you lyssa ? she give he another noncommittal nod . they resume they tentative circle . suddenly , lyssa turn away , lean on the sill of a narrow window . her shoulder begin to heave , as if she 's sobbing . colwyn be in agony ; he rush across the room to she . colwyn I do not care what arrangement be make by we parent . you do not have to go through with it ! lyssa continue to heave . colwyn they can not force you . I will not let they ! lyssa turn around , and colwyn see that she 's not sobbing , but laugh . lyssa ( try to control she laughter ) I be sorry . I could not help it . colwyn ( take considerable umbrage ) I do not have to go through with it either . lyssa ( still laugh , touch he arm ) you do not understand . I be just so relieved . I be sure you would turn out to be short and fat and gimpy . colwyn oh. that . ( begin to chuckle ) I know what you mean . ( sit down on a bench ) I have nightmare all week . lyssa ( sit down beside he ) I too . colwyn last night be the worst . I dreamt you have one leg short than the other , and walk like a penguin . lyssa mine be worse : I dreamt you pick you nose in public . colwyn that 's worse . lyssa you be really not bad look . almost handsome . colwyn well , you be beautiful . lyssa you might be handsome . I can not tell through all that grime . besides , you reek of sweat and horse . colwyn ( pompously ) if you be go to marry a warrior , you would best get use to it . lyssa I have no intention of get use to it . she go over to a small cistern and fill a wooden bucket . lyssa take off you clothes . I be go to scrub you down . colwyn ( aghast ) what ? lyssa we be almost marry . colwyn we be not marry yet . lyssa well , then you can go up to the parapet and I will hand the bucket up to you . colwyn look at the stone stair lead to the top of the tower . colwyn do I have to ? ( look at lyssa , sigh ) I have to . he start up the stair . ext . road crossing - day a column of mount slayer wait at the crossing for another column to reach the intersection . the first column fall in beside the second as it pass , form a double column . farther down the road wait lord modred , a slayer like the other , but distinguished by the leopard embroider on he chest and by he lance , which bear a pennon affix to its head : ermine , a leopard courant sable . as the double column reach he , he wheel and lead they down the road , lance upright . int . queen' bedroom - day turold and rowan at the Queen 's bedside . queen Lord rowan be one of lyssa 's godfather . he will defend she in the ceremony . I wish that Lord modred be here . he be a godfather of she own blood . turold modred have treat with the Dark one . rowan modred ! impossible ! turold he lead a group of slayer , under the leopard banner . queen for some , the lure of power be stronger than the tie of blood . no matter . I have hope to have the wedding next spring , Lord turold , with all the noble of the kingdom in attendance . but fate and this war have ordain otherwise . turold it be important to assure the succession . queen yes . the Queen smile and beckon turold closer . he kneel beside the bed . queen I will tell you something you do not know , turold . have it be my choice , all that year ago , I would have choose you for my king . but my parent choose otherwise . turold I know . queen you know ! you be a rude bumpkin ! turold ( smile ) that I be , my lady . turold look out the window at the North Tower . turold and , it seem , so be my son . p.o.v . - NORTH tower - intercut angle from the Queen 's bedroom window . a waist-high wall conceal the bottom half of a naked colwyn , who stand atop the tower , hugging himself in the brisk wind . ext . top of NORTH tower - intercut colwyn hear lyssa mount the stair and move to the doorway , reach around to take the bucket from she . colwyn ( as lyssa push past he ) just hand I the bucket ! what be you do ! he back away , cover himself with he hand . lyssa advance on he ; tuck in she belt , like a sword , be a long -handle bath brush . lyssa I do not trust you to wash behind you ear . colwyn never mind my ear ! go away ! the Queen and turold watch the unfold drama from they window vantage point : a great tongue of water leap across the tower as lyssa heave the bucketful at colwyn . dripping wet , he retreat , but be soon cornere and attack without quarter , lyssa wield brush and soap with gleeful enthusiasm . at one point , colwyn squirm free and , with he head completely envelop in lather , try to flee . but since he can not see , he soon fetch up against a wall , and lyssa continue she scrubbing . resume - queen' bedroom turold a girl of some spirit , you daughter . queen a match for you son , I think . turold a fine match . queen ( take he hand ) they will have the life that you and I might have have . ext . top of NORTH tower - day wrapped in a long blue cape , a scrubbed and scowling colwyn stand with arm fold across he chest . lyssa be comb he hair . lyssa ( step back ) there . now you look like someone I might want to marry . colwyn ( surly growl ) maybe you would better look around for another candidate . I do not think my skin be tough enough to survive a lifetime of you and you brush . lyssa I do not have to look around . I have find the husband I want . you can kiss I now . colwyn thank you , but I can wait . lyssa I can not . she bestow a class - a smack . colwyn I lie . lyssa about what ? colwyn I can not wait either . they close in a passionate kiss , and begin caress each other . we see turold stand in the doorway , watch they . turold you will both wait . at least for five hour . the wedding be at three . colwyn ( act offended ) it be a platonic kiss , Father . turold of course it be . turold snort down a laugh . colwyn and lyssa begin to giggle . then all three break into laughter . ext . courtyard of white castle - day the occupant of the castle - servant , soldier , minor noble , and retainer - stand in two parallel line , form a aisle . turold and rowan , on horseback , face each other at opposite end of the aisle . midway between they stand colwyn and lyssa , side by side , colwyn face rowan , lyssa face turold . the two father be not armored , but they hold longsword balanced across they pommel . colwyn glance up toward the Queen 's balcony . ext . queen' balcony - intercut the Queen lie on a couch , attend by she two girl - in - wait . she answer colwyn 's look with a nod . colwyn ( shout to rowan ) I be colwyn , son of turold , of the eagle 's blood , and I be come to take you daughter from you . rowan ( shout ) you shall not ! lyssa ( shout to turold ) I be lyssa , daughter of the Queen , of the leopard 's blood , and I be come to take you son from you . turold ( shout ) you shall not ! the two man spur they horse toward the wedding couple , who stand perfectly still as the horse thunder down on they . turold and rowan swing they sword directly above the head of the young couple , the blade strike with a clang . then they wheel they horse to a stop . colwyn and lyssa , almost obscure by the whirling dust , have not move a muscle . turold let it be do then . he hurl he sword at the ground beside the wedding couple . rowan it be do . he hurl he sword , which stick in the ground beside turold 's , crossing it . a cheer go up from the spectator and the guard on the wall . as colwyn and lyssa kiss , a crossbow bolt strike one of the guard , who topple thirty foot to the courtyard below . slayer appear around the wall , leaping over the parapet and attack the guard . turold ( shout ) slayer ! to arm ! Men and woman arm themselves as slayer descend the wall . they mount a fierce counterattack against the slayer , woman fight beside they man , lyssa fight beside colwyn . but suddenly the main gate be ram open and a dozen slayer on horseback , lead by modred , attack the defender from the rear . in the melee , colwynn and lyssa be separate . ext . queen' balcony - day the Queen and she girl hear slayer force the door to she bedroom within . queen help I up . I will die on my foot . the two girl help the Queen to stand . she face the door defiantly as it burst open . a slayer step into the bedroom . queen and I will not die alone . she hurl a knife , which pierce the slayer 's throat . but even as he fall , three more slayer enter the room and advance on the three woman , who stare back defiantly . ext . courtyard of white castle - day colwyn see that he father be be press by several slayer and hack he way to he side . they dispatch they assailant , then colwyn look through the courtyard for lyssa , who have just run a slayer through with she short sword , when she be fell from behind by modred 's mail fist . he pick she up and lay she across he saddle . colwyn they have lyssa ! turold you can not reach she ! ( open a door in the wall ) through the door . ( as colwyn hesitates ) quickly ! they go through the door , and be follow shortly by two slayer . int . corridor in wall of white castle - day colwyn and turold back down the dark corridor , fight the two slayer . they kill the slayer but , in the exchange , turold be badly wounded . he lean against the wall , hold himself erect by force of will . turold the passage . open it . colwyn press one of the rough-hewn stone and a door swing open in the wall : a staircase lead to a underground passage . he move to help he father through the door . turold ( shaking he head ) you will go alone . colwyn I will not leave you here . turold you will do as I tell you . you will try to reach ynyr , the old one . colwyn I must follow the slayer . they have take lyssa . turold ( sharply ) you will not follow the slayer , you will obey my command ! ( softer ) you have no chance alone , boy . you must try to break through to ynyr . he have great knowledge . only with he help can you save lyssa . they hear footstep in the corridor . turold go now . ( as colwyn hesitates ) go ! I command you ! as colwyn enter the passage and begin swinging the heavy door shut , modred appear , advance on turold with draw sword . turold place himself in front of the door , but he be weak from he wound and go down under modred 's first blow . modred thrust he sword into the crack of the door , prevent it from close . turold , slump against the wall , look up at he with plead eye . turold spare he , modred . have you never love anyone ? modred ( after a pause ) if I spare he , they will kill I . turold he be you godson now . he and lyssa be marry . modred stare at he for some moment , then withdraw he sword , allow the door to close . turold flash a look of gratitude , then die . ext . courtyard of white castle - day the castle be in flame , the occupant slain . the slayer , mount , wait in a double column for modred 's command . lyssa sit on a horse in the middle of the column , she hand tie behind she . modred approach she with a skin canteen of water , which she refuse by averting she face . he step back and signal the column , which trot out through the main gate . as modred mount he horse to follow the column , the twin sun dip below the horizon . modred ride through the main gate , disappear in the shadow . we hear a inhuman scream , amplify by the stone wall of the gate . modred 's riderless horse emerge from the other side of the gate . a new angle show modred lie on the stone floor beneath the gate tower , he chest rake by deep gouge . ext . wood near white castle - night colwyn stand beside the exit of the underground passage , tear run down he cheek as he stare at the burn castle in the distance . ext . forest near granite needle - day the forest end abruptly , some distance from the edge of a steep cliff . a natural stone bridge arch from the cliff to the granite needle , a cylindrical formation that rise from the floor of the valley below . colwyn stand at the edge of the forest , look out at a group of slayer post near the stone bridge . nearby be a pair of black tent housing more slayer . he hear a noise and turn to see a slayer behind he , draw he sword . as the slayer rush , colwyn hurl he knife at the t-slot in the slayer 's cylindrical helmet , strike he between the eye . ext . granite needle - day colwyn , wear the dead slayer 's helmet and armor , approach the group near the stone bridge . the bridge lead to a open in the side of the needle , which give access to a passage which extend some ten foot into the needle before it take a right - angle turn . on the floor of the passage be heape the body of half a dozen slayer ; though ynyr may not be able to get out , he be clearly capable of prevent anyone from get in . colwyn the old man must sleep sometime . slayer yes , sometime . but when ? colwyn perhaps now . slayer perhaps you would like to stroll across the bridge and find out . colwyn perhaps I will . 2 nd slayer go right ahead , brother , and let the old man put you to sleep forever ... ( nod toward body ) ... along with they . the slayer laugh , but fall silent as colwyn draw he sword and start across the bridge . he move across the bridge into the passageway , step over body as he near the right - angle turn . int . cave in granite needle - intercut - day ynyr stare down the passage toward the right - angle turn . in he hand , hold out before he , be a silver glaive , a cross - shape weapon with four equal blade . when colwyn round the corner into view , the glaive leap from the old man 's hand and spin down the passageway . colwyn ( pull off he helmet ) I be colwyn , son of turold ! the glaive stop in midair , inch from colwyn 's throat . realizing they have be trick , two slayer start across the bridge to attack colwyn . but the old man project he glaive past the boy , where it hang in midair , spin and glow . the slayer retreat . slayer there be no way out . he will die there with the old man . in the cave , colwyn stand in front of ynyr . colwyn the White Castle have fall . ynyr do the Queen live ? colwyn the new Queen life . ynyr turold 's son be to marry she . colwyn we be marry . then she be take by the slayer . you must help I . ynyr I have live in this place , like my father before I , guard the old knowledge . I know , when I have no son , that the great War would come in my time , and that I would be the one to pass on the old knowledge to a new king . come . colwyn glance toward the entrance . ynyr it be night . the slayer have go to they tent and the bridge be guard by Dark one . they will not cross , for they have no power in this place . colwyn follow ynyr through a passageway to ... int . triangular room in granite needle - night colwyn and ynyr sit beside a fire in a triangular pit in the floor . colwyn have shed the slayer 's armor , and ynyr hold a black onyx box in he lap . ynyr this be not the first time the Dark one have attack we world . they come once before , a thousand year ago . a young king and queen , with extraordinary power , be give to we then , to lead the struggle . my fore - father be they councilor , as I will be yours . colwyn I have no extraordinary power . ynyr you power be great than you know . ( indicate he glaive ) have you ever see one of this ? colwyn in the old book . it 's call a glaive . ynyr open the onyx box to reveal a golden glaive . ynyr this belong to the young king who fight the Dark one a thousand year ago . now it be yours . colwyn pick up the glaive , turn it in he hand , the blade flash in the firelight . ynyr with two or three day ' practice , you will be able to use it as well as I can . then we will have a chance of fight we way out of here . colwyn two or three day ! while lyssa be in they hand ? ynyr there be no other way . colwyn ( look at the fire ) but there be another entrance to this place . ynyr follow colwyn 's gaze and see that he 's judge from the movement of the flame . ynyr yes . int . tunnel in granite needle - night ynyr but it open onto the sheer wall of the needle . there 's no way down . colwyn you have rope ? ynyr I be too old to climb down a rope . colwyn you will not have to . ext . open in wall of granite needle - night colwyn insert he glaive in a crack beside the open , then tie a rope to the glaive and climb down the wall . ext . bottom of granite needle - intercut - night colwyn reach the ground and signal ynyr , who unty the rope from the glaive and secure it around he waist . then he lower the rope over the glaive , which allow colwyn to lower he down the side of the needle . ext . nearby cliff - intercut - night a Dark one watch they from the top of the cliff , its red eye peer over the edge . the thing move quickly down the rock face , with only a occasional scrape or flash of claw to mark its descent . at the bottom of the cliff , the red eye appear above a rock - only a few yard from colwyn . but before it can attack , a trident flash through the air and strike the thing square in the face , the outer prong of the weapon pierce the red eye . we hear a death grunt , then the sound of a body fall . colwyn turn , but see nothing . he lower ynyr to the ground and they set off across the valley floor . ext . forest clearing - just before dawn the golden glaive stand upright on colwyn 's outstretch palm . ynyr kneel beside he . ynyr focus on the glaive . colwyn tense with concentration . the glaive begin to spin , at first slowly , then faster and faster until it 's a golden blur . ynyr reach out with you mind . reach out to lyssa . colwyn furrow he brow in concentration . colwyn' telepathic search - intercut through a translucent image of lyssa we see stretch of terrain move past : bizarre forest and valley , gargoyle mountain , rainbow lake . colwyn ( sweat ) there be nothing . ynyr reach out farther . call to she . colwyn ( over ) lyssa ... lyssa ... ext . fortress of krull , in the mountain - just before dawn a long shot show only a series of jag peak , but as we move in , we see the outline of a gigantic fortress , design to blend into the mountain . lyssa walk along the parapet of the fortress , a cold wind whipping at she light garment . the occasional glint of talon or beak , the quick flash of a red eye , tell we that she be closely watch and guard . colwyn ( over ) ( faintly at first , then louder ) lyssa ... lyssa ... lyssa ( over ) colwyn . intercut colwyn and lyssa colwyn ( over ) have they harme you ? lyssa ( over ) no . they watch I closely , but they have not harme I . ynyr ( to colwy n ) where ? we must know where she be . colwyn 's face be bath in sweat , he hand clench tight . colwyn ( over ) lyssa . where be they keep you ? lyssa ( over ) in a great fortress in the mountain . wait . something 's happen . as the twin sun edge above the horizon , the fortress fade and disappear . the whistle of the wind change to ... ext . fortress of krull , in the jungle - dawn ... tropical bird sound as the fortress appear in the midst of the jungle , its wall cover with liana vine . lyssa ( over ) everything 's change . now the fortress be in the jungle . colwyn 's body be shaking from the strain of maintain contact . ynyr grip he shoulder . ynyr enough , boy . but colwyn continue to concentrate . ynyr enough ! ynyr slap he sharply , knock he backward . the boy lie exhaust , breathe heavily . ynyr you must break when the strain become too great , or you will harm yourself . and you must concentrate you power for when they be need most . what do she answer ? colwyn she be in a great fortress , first in the mountain , then in the jungle . how be that possible ? ynyr it be the fortress of krull . I know it only from the storey of war on other world . they do not use it on we world in the first great war , for it cost they enormous power . this time they mean to conquer , at all cost . colwyn the fortress move ? ynyr yes . each dawn it rise in a different land : sometimes in the mountain , sometimes in the jungle , sometimes the desert , sometimes the sea . never in the same place twice . colwyn then even if lyssa tell we where she be , we will never be able to reach she , for they will never allow the fortress to rise near we . ynyr no . they occupy the fortress , but they cannot control its movement . it be move by fate . and , sooner or later , fate will place it near we . colwyn then we must be ready . five league from here be the Eastern Tower . I know the baron who hold it . good man , and brave . they will help we . ynyr you have not sleep in two day . colwyn nor will I , till my bride be beside I . they set off through the forest . resume - lyssa lyssa ( call ) colwyn . colwyn . she hear the scrape of a talone foot behind she and hurry along the parapet . she stop and look down at a small clear in the jungle , outside the wall . ext . jungle clearing - intercut - day a fawn graze in the clear , unaware of a white leopard poise on a branch above it . as the leopard be about to pounce , it glance up and see lyssa stare down from the fortress wall . as if in answer to she summon , it jump to the ground and head for the wall . the leopard leap onto the walkway in front of lyssa , then move obediently to she side . they set off down the walkway together . suddenly the leopard whirl and roar as it hear the scrape of a talone foot behind . but other Dark one be in front of they . lyssa be force to descend a stone staircase . the leopard , act as rear guard , roar its defiance as it back down the stair . ext . forest brook - day colwyn and ynyr be about to cross the tiny stream , when suddenly a small white cloud materialize above the water , bulg and gyrate , afford brief glimpsis of foot and hand , as if a small man be try to escape . as colwyn jump back , draw he sword , the cloud vanish with a pop and the small man , ergo , be plopped on he seat in the water ( which be only a few inch deep ) . ergo help ! help ! I be drown ! colwyn I doubt it . the water be only a inch deep . ergo ( stand ) it could have be quicksand ! I might have be suck to my death . ( jump out of the water ) where be this place ? colwyn a forest near the Valley of Needles . ergo blast ! a thousand mile off course . well , I be rush . there be a certain difference of opinion concern a venison pie . the foolish man leave it sit on he windowsill . what do he expect ? colwyn perhaps he expect to eat it . ergo for that rudeness , peasant lout , I be go to leave you hang by you heel when I depart . which be right now . > from the fold of he voluminous clothing , ergo produce a tatter spellbook . he peer at a page , mumble to himself , and poke he head toward colwyn - whereupon he vanish . colwyn glance around but the little man be nowhere to be see . ergo ( o.s. ) get I down from here ! colwyn turn and see ergo hang upside - down from a tree limb directly behind he . he lift he down . ergo my spell always go wrong when I be observe . be go ! ynyr the forest be not safe this day . you would best travel with we . ergo me? Travel with you ? I be ergo the magnificent ... ( flatten hand ) ... short in stature ... ( point to the sky ) ... tall in power ... ( oppose thumb and forefinger ) ... narrow of purpose ... ( shade eye ) ... wide of vision . and I do not travel with peasant and beggar . Goodbye ! we follow ergo as he set off down the forest path , head in the opposite direction from colwyn and ynyr . after a few yard , the forest seem to grow darker , the sound more ominous . ergo glance around apprehensively . suddenly , through a open in the leave , he see a face with a single eye in the middle of it . with a yelp , he turn and race back up the path after colwyn and ynyr . when he catch up , he wedge himself between they to get as much protection as possible . ergo I just remember I have urgent business in this direction . colwyn what business ? ergo ( fearful glance behind ) stay alive . ext . forest clearing - day as colwyn , ynyr , and ergo cross the clear , ergo step on a snare - trigger and be suddenly hoist into the air by he foot . colwyn draw he sword and turn to face five armed man who step out of the forest . they be a rag-tag bunch , garbe in various kind of chain - mail and armed with a bizarre variety of weapon . torquil ( o.s. ) the lad be quick , very quick . colwyn wheel to see torquil the robber lean against a tree , he huge battle - axe rest casually across he shoulder . his cheek bulge with a wad of chew tobacco . torquil but also very young . six to one be no odd , boy . ergo ( yell as he hang upside - down ) get I down from here you lout or I will turn you all into pig ! torquil glance up at ergo , then spit a stream of brown juice at the ground and step forward to investigate he prisoner . ergo ( mutter as he fumble for he spellbook ) they will soon learn the price of snaring ergo the magnificent . torquil walk a circle around colwyn and ynyr . torquil when you enemy outnumber you , boy , craft be more profitable than courage . smile and go along and , sooner or later , they will grow careless . and then ... ( throat-cutte gesture ) ... sst ! colwyn sheath he sword . colwyn ( little smile ) I do not think you will grow careless . torquil ( grin ) smart as well as quick . now what do you have to give we ? colwyn Fame . torquil Fame ? ( laugh ) thank you , no . Fame be the burial ground of contentment . eat it and go hungry ; count it and go break ; seek it and grow mad . Fame be what fool yearn for and wise man shun . colwyn Fame be what you leave to you son . torquil ( take aback ) how do you know I have son ? colwyn because you would not rob if you have no child to provide for . torquil hah ! you do not know I , boy . colwyn ( fix he with a look ) I know you . ynyr ( to colwy n ) you choose this ? colwyn yes . they will be more help than high - bear baron . torquil they stand at the edge of the grave and make joke . ( shout ) do you know who I be , sprout ? I be torquil , Lord of the forest . my man follow no man but I , and I follow no man at all . colwyn you will follow I . torquil ( shift he axe ) and in the few second before I dice you to crow - food , tell I why I be go to follow you . colwyn so you son will speak of you to you grandson , and you grandson to they grandson . torquil plunk the handle of he long battle - axe into the ground , then fold he hand across the top of the blade and rest he chin on he hand . he stare hard at colwyn , who return he gaze calmly . torquil and where do you lead , boy ? colwyn to the place where death life . torquil ( grin ) it should be a interesting journey , then . colwyn ( answer smile ) that I promise you . torquil ( to he man ) I compel no man to follow I on this journey . kegan we owe you we life , torquil . if you follow the boy , so also do we . bardolph , oswin , and ruhn nod they agreement . the sixth robber , sweyn , back away . sweyn I follow the man who follow gold . he who follow glory travel without I . torquil go then , and let greed be you gravestone . sweyn move off into the forest . a angry oink cause the other to look up at the snare , which hold a small pig by its foot ; as usual , ergo 's magic have boomeranged . torquil what have we here ? ( prod the pig with he axe ) roast pork for dinner . the pig squeal he objection . torquil signal to drop the snare , and pick the pig up under he arm . colwyn he need he book . torquil find the open spellbook and kneel , allow the pig to read it . pop , and torquil be hold a gyrate cloud under he arm , replete with squeal and yell and piece of pig and ergo ; pop , and the cloud disappear , leave ergo under torquil 's arm . ergo put I down , you lout ! torquil ( set he down ) you have better manners as a pig . ergo ( haughty ) I be ergo the magnificent , and I do not travel with thief and robber . he take two step into the forest , then glance around anxiously . ergo ( back out of the forest ) except when necessary . ext . hill overlooking valley - sunset as the band near the crest of the hill , colwyn stumble . torquil reach out to steady he . torquil when do you last sleep , boy ? colwyn ( shaking off the help ) I be all right . they top the hill and look out over the valley , dot with plume of smoke from burn village . torquil they burn many village . even wall city fall to they . colwyn ( angrily ) why do they burn the village ? there 's nothing to gain . ynyr there 's terror to gain . they wealth be fear : they get it with fire , they spend it to rule . ext . forest clearing - night the band have stop in the middle of the clear . colwyn be sway , barely able to stand . torquil we will stop here to hunt . even that who do not sleep must eat . colwyn fold he arm across he chest , try to stand up straight . colwyn ( eye drift shut ) I be not hungry . torquil ( fold he arm across he chest ) not sleepy , either ? colwyn ( eye almost close , sway ) no . torquil purse he lip and blow at colwyn , who fall backward into the arm of kegan , who lay he gently on the ground , fast asleep . torquil cover he with he cape . the other robber string they bow and prepare to hunt . ergo bring I a deer ! no deer , no supper . ext . forest clearing - a hour later torquil and ynyr talk to several peasant at the edge of the clear while , in the center , ergo tend the cooking fire , beside which colwyn lie asleep . ergo 's face light up when he see kegan arrive with a stag across he shoulder , and he snick - snack he carve knife in anticipation . but torquil have kegan turn over the stag to the peasant , which nearly give ergo apoplexy . ergo ( gallop across the clear ) what be you do with my dear ? stop ! thiefe ! torquil ( restrain he ) many villager be hide in the forest . they need food . ergo and do you think I live on air ? torquil we have plenty of hare . ergo ( snort ) food for crow . torquil surely a sorcerer of the sauce pan can make rabbit taste like venison . ergo I be be exploit ! where be you go ? torquil ( move off with ynyr ) I must take the old man to see some sick child . kegan will guard you . but kegan spot a hare and creep into the forest after it , leave ergo and colwyn alone in the clear . suddenly , ergo hear ominous noise . he peer into the dark forest and he jaw drop as he see a pair of red eye stare out of the gloom . he snatch up a carve knife and a fry pan and back toward colwyn , hold the pan as a shield . the red-ey thing move toward they through the tree , and poor ergo be unmanned by fear : he drop he knife and duck he head behind the fry pan in sheer terror . but he hear the thing stop short and raise he head to look behind he , where a cyclop stand with trident poise to throw . the little man assume that both creature be try to kill he and faint dead away . but the trident be aim at the red-ey thing , which have no desire to do battle with the cyclops . the thing retreat , the red eye fade . the cyclops come over to ergo and kneel to listen to he heart . then he enter the forest after the Dark one . ext . forest clearing - later that night the band , include colwyn , be gather around ergo , who be tell he story . ergo ( indicate position ) one with red eye , the other with one eye , both try to kill I . ynyr the one with red eye be a Dark one , the other be a cyclops , and it be not you he mean to kill . ergo he be aim a huge spear right at I ! ynyr if that be so , you would be dead now . he be aim at the Dark one , for there be ancient hatred between they . once he race have two eye , like other man , until he forefather bargain with the Dark one : they give up one of they eye in return for the power to see the future . but they be cheat , for the only future they be permit to see be the time of they own death . colwyn they know when they be go to die ? ynyr ( nod ) everyone of he race be bear know the day of he death . torquil knowledge I would not want . ynyr no . they be sad , solitary creature , rarely see . ergo once be enough , thank you . colwyn he save we life . torquil ( glance toward fire ) but not we supper . ergo see smoke rise from a pot on the fire . ergo ( run to the pot ) oh , my poor stew ! torquil oh , my poor stomach . ext . forest clearing - near dawn the band be asleep , torquil on guard . as the eastern horizon grow light , torquil wake ynyr and colwyn . ext . forest , a few yard from clearing - dawn colwyn sit against a tree , brow furrow in concentration , the golden glaive spin in midair in front of he . ynyr and torquil look on . colwyn I can not reach she . ynyr what do you see ? colwyn darkness . tunnel and corridor . ( pause ) wait . int . corridor in krull - intercut lyssa move down the windowless corridor with the white leopard at she side . colwyn ( over ) ( faintly ) lyssa ... lyssa ( over ) colwyn ... colwyn ( over ) where be the fortress ? lyssa ( over ) I do not know . it 's a maze of tunnel . I can not see out . colwyn ( over ) I will find you . I will be with you . lyssa ( over ) I know it . colwyn ( over ) ( fade ) I love you , lyssa , I love you ... lyssa ( over ) colwyn . colwyn . ( in she own voice ) I love you , colwyn . resume - colwyn ET . al . colwyn she can not see out . she can not tell we where the fortress be . ynyr yes , they know of you first contact , so they drive she below . colwyn she be very faint . I be barely able to reach she . ynyr the deeper she go , the harder it be to contact she . once she be below the second level , you will not be able to reach she at all . colwyn ( leap to he foot , shout angrily ) I will find she ! he hurl he glaive at a nearby tree : the weapon bore clean through the trunk , then through two more before it imbed itself in a fourth . but anger give way to despair ; he bury he face in he hand . ynyr ( hand on he shoulder ) we will seek a emerald seer . they have great power of vision . torquil there 's a emerald Circle a few league from here . ( move to colwy n ) we will find she . colwyn ( look up ) forgive I . it 's childish to cry . torquil ( thumb the tear from colwyn 's cheek ) that be not child 's tear . a child cry for himself , a man cry for that he love . resume - lyssa she and the leopard be force deeper in the fortress , down yet another flight of stair . ext . hill overlooking stone lake - day colwyn and torquil top the hill and look down at the lake , the surface of which look as if it have be instantly freeze in the midst of a great storm . torquil we can save half a day by crossing the Stone Lake . ynyr ( come up ) many have perish in that maze . torquil ( grin ) no maze to I , my fry . it be where we take refuge when they hunt we . colwyn lead we across . ext . stone lake - day at the edge of the lake , a enormous wave be poise to break , freeze in blue stone , even to the froth that cap it . torquil lead the band into the maze . ergo ( walk beside ynyr ) I wish you would tell I why that foolish boy decide to join up with this thief . the little man suddenly let out a yelp and jump back : he be stare into the jaw of a huge shark freeze in the wave ( as be all the marine life in the lake , include gull with one foot touch the water ) . he steer around the jaw and catch up to ynyr . ynyr he do not join they . they join he . ergo and who be he that they should join he ? ynyr he be the King . ergo well , at least I be glad to see you have a sense of humor . that 's the first smile I have see on that gloomy face of you 's ... ( ynyr be not smile ) ... be not it ? it be not . oh no . oh dear . oh now I have go and do it . he scurries forward and tug at colwyn 's jacket . ergo you kingship ... you lord high mightiness ... when I call you a ... a ... whatever I call you , I do not realize that you be ... be ... colwyn I be hope I might be you friend . ergo ( staggered ) my friend . colwyn I have need of friend . ergo ( flatter nearly senseless ) no more , my lord - my friend . with ergo the magnificent by you side , you enemy be dead man . the little man pull out a carve knife and , with a flourish , tuck it in he belt - slice through he outer garment as he do so . colwyn glance down and see red liquid ooze from the cut . ergo follow he gaze . ergo ( staggering ) argh ! I be die ! colwyn notice seed ooze out with the liquid and sample it with he finger . colwyn not yet , my friend . it 's you tomato that 's die . ergo what ? oh no ! better it be I . there be not another good tomato within a hundred league . he pull out the stab tomato and kiss it tearfully . ergo oh , my poor baby . he look up to see ynyr smile broadly . ergo ( scowling ) I like you better gloomy , old man . colwyn resume he place beside torquil , who give he a sideways glance . torquil so . you be something more than a seeker of fame . colwyn shrug sheepishly . torquil well , I be not impressed . colwyn ( smile ) I know you would not be . that 's why I choose you . they reach the end of the lake , which be border by a small scarp . torquil hike himself onto the scarp and reach down to help colwyn up . torquil ( grin ) I be a little impressed . ext . emerald stonehenge - late afternoon a circle of stone dolmen , emerald green , in the center of which sit a old man , blind , wear a green robe : a emerald seer . sitting across from he be titch , he ten - year- old assistant , similarly robe . a green-hue holographic image appear above the emerald , show colwyn and he band approach . the seer weave he finger through the image , read it by touch . seer eight come here , brother . they have travel far . fetch bread and wine . titch yes , brother . the boy fetch a jug of wine and a round loaf of bread , and approach colwyn 's band as they enter the stone circle . colwyn wave titch toward he man and move with ynyr and torquil to the seer . ynyr we seek the fortress of krull . seer such a vision will be oppose . who seek it ? ynyr the new King . seer ( little smile ) with a old voice ? ynyr ( answer smile ) you know the voice . seer yes . you have leave you place in the needle . it be the time , then . ynyr it be the time . seer I will seek the fortress for you . the seer press he fingertip against the rotate sphere , increase the pressure and friction until small tongue of flame spurt from beneath he fingertip . a holograph begin to form above the sphere : the fortress in mid-ocean . seer can you see ? ynyr yes . it be the western Ocean . colwyn there be a prisoner there . seer yes . the holograph dissolves , replace by a new one which show a curving Arm of the vortex , the deep , central part of the fortress . lyssa and the white leopard move down the Arm , press by a unseen pursuer . colwyn ( lean forward ) lyssa . as the twin sun dip below the horizon , the flame spurting from the seer 's fingertip begin to leap and lengthen , until the sphere be surround by fire , its color change from emerald - green to crimson . we hear faint , hollow scream of rage . the holograph above the sphere begin to waver and blur , then be shattered by a holographic black claw shoot upward from the sphere . the talon of the claw be blood red , its appearance accompany by a hollow scream . the seer be knock backward ; the claw disappear ; the emerald drop to the ground . colwyn ( kneel by the seer ) be you hurt ? seer ( sit up ) no . ( grim smile ) the Dark one do not like curious seer poke into they affair . colwyn can you tell we where the fortress will rise tomorrow ? seer I can not see the future , only the present . but at dawn tomorrow , I can see where the fortress have rise that day - and every day thereafter , until fate bring it near we . ynyr the Dark one will appose you with all they power . seer they will fail for , during the day , the power of the Circle be great than theirs . only at night can they pierce the Circle . titch approach ergo with bread and wine . ergo ( wrinkling he nose ) bread be for peasant , and wine make I sneeze . get any gumdrop ? titch no . ergo sugarball ? titch no . ergo ( annoyed ) what kind of a boy be you ? boy always have candy . titch I have a cinnamon bar . ergo you do ? titch ( produce the bar ) you can have half . ergo take the bar and break it into unequal part . he be about to take the bigger piece for himself when conscience get the better of he ; reluctantly , he offer the bigger piece to titch . but the boy take the small piece , leave the delighted ergo with the lion 's share . ergo ( mouth full ) I be ergo the magnificent ... ( flatten hand ) ... short in stature ... ( point to sky ) ... tall in power ... ( oppose thumb and forefinger ) ... narrow of purpose ... ( shade eye ) ... wide of vision . titch ( mouth full , point to he chest ) I ... ( bow from waist ) ... be titch . ext . emerald stonehenge - night while ergo and titch tend the cooking fire , robber leave to hunt and other return with small game . sitting against one of the stone dolmen , colwyn try to contact lyssa , the glaive spin in midair in front of he . ynyr and torquil look on . colwyn I can not reach she . ynyr she be too deep . the curve tunnel we see be part of the vortex , the place of the Beast . torquil the leader of the Dark one ? ynyr yes . ( to colwy n ) like you , a King . a King of many world . all enslave . colwyn the first time , when they attack long ago , be the Beast here ? ynyr no . then they be lead by he underling . but I know he have come this time , from the ferocity of they onslaught , from they use of the fortress . they use up much of they strength to do this thing . they be take great risk . colwyn why ? ynyr ( evasive ) I be not sure . colwyn but you suspect . ynyr you will know , in good time . at the cooking fire , kegan arrive with a string of small game . ergo ( disgust ) rabbit and squirrel . where be my deer ! keegan we see nothing but do and fawn , and we shoot only stag . kegan lay down the string of game and move off . ergo ( grumble ) nothing worse than lower- class boor with upper-class moral . cyclop ( o.s. ) would you settle for a boar ? ergo ( to titch ) a boar ? that incompetent lout could not catch a piglet , much less a boar . he realize that the voice have come from behind he and turn to see the cyclops with a huge boar sling across he shoulder . ergo you ! cyclop me. ( lay down the boar ) May I eat with you tonight ? ergo tonight and every night , my friend , for this be the second time you have save my life . ( draw himself up ) I be ergo the magnificent , short in stature , tall in power , etcetera , etcetera . cyclop I be quell . titch I be hungry . ergo smart lad . ( theatrical ) bring I my spice ! titch hand he a leather belt of spice . titch I must fetch my master . ( smile at cyclops as he pass ) I be titch . ext . stream near stonehenge - night the seer kneel at water 's edge , wash he hand with ritual motion . he hear footstep behind he . seer be that you , brother ? we see a changeling / seer stand behind he : a exact twin , except that he eye be open and red . changel reach down and place he hand on the seer 's neck . changeling ( hiss ) it be I , brother . his hand turn into a talone claw , which tighten around the seer 's neck , throttling he . he lower the body into the stream , then reach into the seer 's robe and extract the emerald , which he crush in he claw . the green fragment drop into the water , float downstream behind the seer 's body . his bloody claw now revert to human form , but the finger remain bloody . he kneel and wash off the blood . when he hear titch approach , he close he eye . changeling ( in seer 's voice ) be that you , brother ? titch it be I , brother . he stand and place he hand on the boy 's shoulder to be lead back to camp . the cyclops appear , have follow titch to guard he . the cyclops glance at the changel , but notice nothing unusual . he take a few step farther down the path , to check it out - and stop just short of a point that would show he the seer 's body fetch up against a rock in the stream . he turn and follow titch back to the campsite . ext . stonehenge - night the band be seat around the fire , finish a huge dinner of roast boar . the changel / seer sit slightly apart , he eye-lid lift occasionally to afford a thin slit , through which he survey the group with red eye . torquil ( raise a joint ) passable , pimple , very passable . ergo the great boon of you otherwise worthless life , blockhead , be the privilege of dining on boar roast by the hand of ergo the magnificent . torquil you boast be a bigger mouthful than you roast , magnificence . he glance over he shoulder at colwyn , who be lean against a dolmen , stare gloomily into the darkness . torquil get up and go to he , carry the joint . torquil you have eat nothing . colwyn ( shrug , pause ) we must try to get horse . torquil yes . it will double we range . ( grin ) I know at least a dozen way to get horse . all cheap . colwyn ( little smile ) this we will pay for . torquil ( sigh ) lad , you have a unnatural desire to pay for thing . it stunt the mind and shrivel the imagination . colwyn ( thumb in he rib ) Hand over you dinner . torquil ( hand it over ) a flicker of talent . colwyn 's hunger come alive as he start to work on the joint . torquil but I can not tell yet whether it 's a talent for theft or gluttony . ergo , titch , and the cyclops , full to burst , be stretch out together beside the fire . ergo if I could wish ... ( belch ) ... for anything , I would wish for a venison pie the size of a ... ( belch ) ... mountain . no , that 's too greedy . I would settle for one the size of a house . titch I would wish for a puppy . ergo one puppy ? why not wish for a hundred ? titch I only want one . ergo a foolish wish . and you , quell ? cyclop ( after a pause ) ignorance . ext . stonehenge - night bardolph and oswin stand guard over the sleep band , station at the perimeter of the Circle , look outward . the cyclops brood by the fire , he expression troubled . he frown and look around , then get up and move out of the Circle into the darkness . as soon as the cyclops be go , the changel / seer open he eye and look around . he stand and move toward bardolph . bardolph ( turn ) who 's there ? changeling ( hold out a hand ) it 's I , brother . I be thirsty . bardolph here , I will guide you . he approach the changel , who place a hand on he shoulder to be lead to the stream . ext . path to stream near stonehenge - night as they move down the path , the changel 's hand turn into a claw and he throttles bardolph so quickly he 's unable to utter a sound . he toss the body into the bush and start to wipe he bloody hand on the grass - but stand as he hear colwyn come down the path . colwyn where be bardolph , brother ? changeling he hear something and go to investigate , brother . colwyn start to move past he to the stream . changeling ( reach out ) lead I to the stream , brother . colwyn stop and allow the changel to place a hand on he shoulder . a close shot of the changel 's hand show it still bloody , the blood run onto the cloth of colwy n's jacket . ext . stream near stonehenge - intercut - night the cyclops stand near the spot where the real seer be kill . he move downstream a few yard - and suddenly see the seer 's body float in the water , catch against the rock . he realize immediately that the band be in great danger ; he race up the path toward the camp . as colwn lead the changel down the path , we see the hand on he shoulder turn into a claw . the claw be move toward he neck when suddenly the cyclops burst from the tree in front of they . colwyn stare in disbelief as the cyclops hurl he trident straight at he . the weapon whistle past he ear and slice off the changel 's arm at the shoulder . colwyn spin , see the red eye , duck backward as the changel swipe at he with he other hand - now become a claw . he draw he glaive as the changel revert entirely to bestial form , its hideous black body burst the seam of the emerald - green robe . as the creature spring at colwyn , we see , for a instant , the horrible face : tooth flash , eye burn . then colwyn 's glaive strike between the eye . slit by the horizontal blade of the glaive , the eye explode in a burst of red and the thing die with a scream . torquil , ynyr , and other run up . the body of the creature have already turn to ash , form the characteristic vortex of the Dark one . cyclop ( to ynyr ) a changel . ynyr yes . it choose the seer 's form so it would not have to show its eye . colwyn ( to cyclops ) how do you know ? cyclop I find the body of the seer in the stream . they all look up the path at titch , who be rub he eye sleepily . ergo go up to he and put a arm around he shoulder . ext . stonehenge - night the band stand beside a fresh grave , outline by stone marker . colwyn be kneel with he arm around titch , whose face be bury against he chest . colwyn if he have not agree to help we , they would not have kill he . he give he life for we . titch he be my only family . colwyn we be you family now . ext . stonehenge - later that night colwyn , ynyr , and torquil sit by the fire while the other sleep . ynyr I must go to the widow . perhaps she will help . torquil the widow of the web ? ynyr yes . torquil that creature help no one . and none who go there return . ynyr she have the power of vision . torquil she have the power to kill . ynyr perhaps she will not kill I , for I know she name . torquil her name be death . ynyr she have another name once . colwyn ( with finality ) no . we will find another way to locate the fortress . ynyr there be no other way . you ask I why the Beast have come this time . colwyn yes . ynyr he have come for lyssa . colwyn lyssa ? why ? ynyr like you , she have extraordinary power . he would make she he Queen . colwyn can she be force ? ynyr no . she must agree of she own free will . colwyn never . ynyr you be young . you do not understand the attraction of great power , and you forget the pain of long wait . colwyn then we must reach she before she feel that pain . ynyr yes . on the other side of the fire , ergo lie awake , watch titch , who be asleep next to he , he face tear-stain . the cyclops sit nearby , lean against a stone , one hand on he trident . his eye be close ; he appear to be asleep . ergo sit up , take he spellbook , and sneak off behind a stone . the cyclops open he eye and watch as ergo thumb through the book , mumble a spell , and disappear in a gyrate white cloud . when the cloud disappear , ergo have transformed himself into a puppy . the puppy trot over to the sleep titch and lick he face . the boy stir , open he eye , and hug the puppy to he chest . int . arm of vortex - night Red eye press lyssa and the leopard down the curving passage - way until they emerge in the center of the vortex . int . CENTER of vortex - night the arm open into the top of a huge bloodstone funnel , at the bottom of which be the hole of the Beast . lyssa and she guardian be force along a spiral walkway that curve down the wall of the funnel to the dark hole at the bottom . we hear a heavy , slithering sound , as of a enormous tail be drag across stone . a pair of huge red eye appear in the Beast 's hole and we hear a husky whisper : the sound be ominous , but also attractive , in the way that enormous power be always attractive . voice of the beast do not be afraid . you be safe here . you be protect by my power . lyssa shrink against the stone . the white leopard roar . voice of the beast I be not one of that trivial one who have be guard you . they be my slave . they be to I as drop to a ocean . I rule here . the leopard leap at the hole , but be freeze in mid-leap , suspend in the air . voice of the beast I rule all here . the leopard be suddenly flung backward , hurl with tremendous force against the stone . lyssa turn to see it embed in the solid rock , mouth open and eye glaze . voice of the beast nature be my slave here . a stone claw rise from the floor . voice of the beast its law be mine to break . the claw burst into flame and strike at lyssa with such force that the rock around she be shattered , yet she be unharme . the flame claw lift she up and set she down , then shrink to a ball of flame and drop into she hand ; she look down to see that she be hold a rise . voice of the beast such be my power . it can be yours . when she look up , the red eye be go . she be alone . ext . stonehenge - early morning before the camp wake , the puppy crawl out of titch 's arm and trot behind the stone . it scan the spellbook lie open on the ground , then disappear in a gyrate white cloud and become ergo again . as he sneak back to he own blanket , he see the cyclops watch he with a smile . ergo ( grumble ) I still say it be a foolish wish . ext . road near swamp of betrayal - day the band make its way past the swamp , head for the widow 's Mountain , visible in the distance . ergo ( glance toward swamp ) what be that awful look place ? cyclop the swamp of betrayal . be glad we do not have to cross it . ergo I be glad . ( glance toward swamp ) I be very glad . ext . farther down the road - intercut - day conceal at the side of the road be ten slayer and sweyn , the robber who refuse to go along with the band . he point down the road at the approach band . the Chief slayer nod , and hand he a leather purse full of gold coin , which sweyn tuck in he jacket . they mount they horse and start down the road . colwyn slayer ! cyclop we must enter the swamp . ynyr few have survive it . torquil ( indicate slayer ) fewer will survive they . colwyn yes , it 's we only chance . they can not use they horse there . quickly . ext . swamp of betrayal - day a mangrove swamp , with a lattice - work of gnarled root hover above dark water . the band enter the swamp . cyclop do not let the water touch you . colwyn what will happen ? ynyr you will be devoure by you own mind . colwyn and torquil help the old man , ynyr , while the cyclops take care of the two little one , ergo and titch , sometimes lift one in each hand to deposit they on the next root . the slayer reach the edge of the swamp and dismount . sweyn and the Chief slayer lead they in . the band be halfway across the swamp when colwyn suddenly slip and plunge into the water . torquil ( extend a hand ) take hold ! but the water of betrayal have begin they work : colwyn' Pov he see torquil stand and embrace lyssa , who come from behind a tree . torquil let he drow . lyssa yes . then we will marry and you will be my king . they kiss . back to shot colwyn draw he sword and swing at torquil . colwyn traitor ! she will marry you in hell ! ynyr ( to torquil ) he think you betray he with lyssa . ( to colwy n ) colwyn ! the water deceive you ! colwyn' Pov he see ynyr stand and talk to someone behind the tree . ynyr I have deliver he into you hand . now pay I the price we agree on . a black claw appear , pour gold coin into ynyr 's hand . back to shot colwyn lunge at ynyr . colwyn I will melt that gold and pour it down you throat , old man ! ynyr he see betrayal everywhere . he will attack we so long as he be conscious . they glance anxiously at the slayer , close quickly . titch reach into ergo 's voluminous coat and pull out a soup ladle , which he throw at colwyn . the ladle catch colwyn in the forehead , knock he unconscious - but also knock he backward in the water , out of reach . ergo ( to torquil ) you axe ! Lay it out ! torquil tuck the heel of the axe handle under a root and grip it with both hand . ergo tightrope out the handle and kneel on the axe head , directly above colwyn . torquil I can not hold the weight of both of you ! ergo hush ! he squinch he eye shut and mumble something to himself . the gyrate white cloud appear with a pop and , when it pop off , ergo have be transformed into a snake , with its tail wrap around the axe handle . the snake plunge into the water and wrap itself around colwyn 's chest . torquil grit he tooth and pull up on the axe , lift the snake and colwyn out of the water and deposit they on a nexus of root . the white cloud reappear and return ergo to human form , barely conscious , cough and spitting water . meanwhile , the slayer be almost upon they . the cyclops have move to the rear with kegan , oswin , and rhu . as the Chief slayer come within range , the cyclops lunge with he trident , slice the root on which the slayer stand and spilling he into the dark water . sweyn kneel to help he out . chief slayer traitor ! he stab sweyn in the chest , slice through the purse of gold coin . sweyn tumble into the water , blood and gold pour out of the gash in he jacket . the Chief slayer attack the other , wound some , knock several into the water - and they , in turn , attack they fellow . the band stare in awed silence as the slayer massacre each other . the din of battle fade ; the slayer , dead to a man , float in the water . as colwyn regains consciousness , the other gather round . colwyn forgive I , my friend . I see terrible thing . torquil they do not exist , except in the water of the swamp , where they will remain . ext . opposite edge of the swamp - day the band emerge from the swamp , which lap at the foot of the widow 's Mountain . ynyr face colwyn and torquil . ynyr from here , I must go alone . colwyn you will tell I she name and we will go together . ynyr ( with peculiar emphasis ) you must never know she name . ( pause ) if more than one approach , she will certainly kill they . alone I may have a chance . torquil ( hand on colwyn 's shoulder ) each to he fate , lad . ynyr ( nod ) each to he fate . wait for I at the inn . if I be not back by dawn , you will know my fate , and you must go on without I . he turn and start up the mountain . at the rear of the group , the cyclops head toward a forest , carry titch on he shoulder . ergo where be you go ? cyclop we will meet you at the inn . ergo ( hurt ) can not I come , too ? cyclop no . the cyclops move off with titch . ext . forest - day titch ride on the cyclop 's shoulder , straddle he neck . he hold a small crossbow at the ready . cyclop ( whisper and point ) over there . titch take aim at a great stag , brace he arm against the top of the cyclops 's head . int . inn - night kegan , oswin , and rhun be down flagon of sack and dandle pretty inn -girl on they knee . torquil eye they enviously from the fireplace across the room , but can not bring himself to leave colwyn , who take no comfort from wine or woman . colwyn go , join they . torquil what kind of friend do you think I be ? colwyn the best . but my unhappiness be not make lighter by add you 's to it . torquil well , it be true that if I receive a royal command I could not very well disobey it , could I ? colwyn ( little smile ) go. I command you . torquil ( grin ) yes , my lord . he stride across the room , seize a pair of Inn - Girls by the waist and swing they around . ergo , sit near colwyn , stare despondently into the fire . ergo try you trick on I and I will turn myself back into a snake and bite you . colwyn you and I will guard the fire . ergo what else be leave for a man without friend . colwyn glance out a back window and see the body of a stag be carry past on someone 's shoulder . ext . widow' mountain - night ynyr climb toward the hourglass open of the widow 's cave above , light by a eerie light from within . int . widow be cave - night a gigantic web of crystal stretch across a vast , dome cavern , shimmer in the luminescence from below . at the center of the web be a dome cubicle , make of criss - cross ribbon of mirror glass . Light flash off the mirror in such a way that it be impossible to see , through the opening , who or what be within . the blind effect do not occur inside the cubicle , so that a Pov shot from inside show the entire web clearly . it also show , reflect from hundred of facet on the inside of the structure , the face of the widow , the old woman who sit at the center : a hideous crone , grotesque and distort . she see ynyr stand at the edge of the web . widow ( low ) someone come here . she pick up a hourglass , contain only a handful of sand , and turn it to start the sand run out . widow this be he time . ynyr be shouting at she from the edge of the web . ynyr ( shouting ) I be ynyr . I seek the widow . but sound do not pierce the cubicle . from inside it , one can only see he lip move . ynyr step onto the web and start toward the center . when he 's halfway across , he turn to see a giant black widow spider make of crystal , entirely translucent except for a red hourglass in the center of its crystal abdomen . as the spider approach ynyr and prepare to attack , the red color expands , fill the abdomen first , then spread through the rest of the body . ynyr hold up he glaive . the spider stop , begin move sideways ; the redness fade . Inside the cubicle , the hourglass sand have almost run out . the spider twitches a crystal strand , throw ynyr off balance and cause the glaive to fly from he hand . it stick in a crystal strand , too far to reach . ynyr be helpless . the spider advance , redden . ynyr ( desperate shout ) lyssa ! this name have the power to pierce the soundproof cubicle : the widow stand as she hear the name , echoed by the huge cavern . widow ( call ) who speak that name ! ynyr ( shout ) ynyr ! she watch as the spider loom over ynyr . then she reach behind she and turn the hourglass , just as the last grain of sand run out . this cause the spider to back away , turn translucent again . ynyr retrieve the glaive and make he way to the dome cubicle . he enter the cubicle to find the widow face away from he , though he can see she hideous face reflect back by the mirror in front of she . widow it be fifty year since I hear that name . ynyr it be fifty year since I speak it to you . widow I be beautiful then . ynyr the most beautiful woman in the world . widow but you would not stay with I . ynyr could not . could not betray the girl to whom I be betrothed . widow she be not as beautiful . ynyr no , she be not as beautiful . widow she bore you many child ? ynyr we have no child . widow you have a son . ynyr ( staggered ) you say nothing . you tell I nothing . widow you have leave I ! I keep silent out of rage . ynyr where be he ? my son . widow I kill he when he be bear . ( pause ) this place be my punishment . the old man bend he head sadly . when he look up , he see in the mirror that tear be coursing down the widow 's cheek . as he watch the tear , the mirrore face turn to that of a beautiful young girl . and the widow be stunne to find that she see the reflection as he see they : the face of a young girl . widow do not try you trickery on I ! ynyr it be no trickery . widow that be reflection . ( turn to face he ) this be my face ! when she start to turn , we see she as old . but when she face ynyr , we see she through he eye : as a young girl . ynyr you see ? widow ( smile ) yes . a reverse angle explain she smile : she see he as the young man who love she . ynyr memory be no trick , it be a power . the power to see . widow power you have give I . what can my power give you ? ynyr knowledge . widow of what ? ynyr the fortress of krull . when will it come near here ? widow why must you know ? ynyr there be a girl there . her name be lyssa . widow you lie ! ynyr ( touch she cheek ) could I lie to you and still see you beauty ? widow ( lower she eye ) no . ynyr a young man seek she . a young man about the age I be when I meet you . widow tomorrow , the fortress of krull will rise with the sun in the Valley of reed . but the knowledge be of no use to you . no man have ever escape the web . and soon the creature will come for you , even here . ynyr touch he glaive . widow ( shake she head ) it will not help . ynyr then the other lyssa will share you fate . she will grow old in the fortress as you have grow old here . the widow take a small gold hourglass from a mirrore niche . widow hold out you hand . she break the hourglass and pour the sand into he open hand . widow that be the sand of my life . so long as they remain in you hand , the creature can not harm you . ynyr close he hand , but the sand trickle out through he finger . he try clenching it tightly , but the sand continue to run . ynyr I can not stop the sand . widow you can not stop time . go now , before it run out . ynyr you will come with I . widow there be sand enough for only one life . go now , save the other . she watch ynyr make he way across the web toward the cave entrance . the angle be behind her , and we see she hand grow gnarled and mottle , she body become that of a old woman once again - but when we swing around in front of her , we see that she face be still that of a young girl . the crystal spider scuttle across the web to attack ynyr . but the old man hold up he clench fist and show the sand run from he finger . stymy , the spider crouch and turn blood red . a scream of rage fill the cave . ynyr reach the safety of the entrance and look back : the blood -re spider scuttle to the center of the web and smashes open the cubicle . ynyr look at he hand : the sand have run out . as the old man make he way sadly down the mountain ... a shot of the widow show she encase in a web shroud ; and though she body be old , she retain , even in death , the face of a young girl . int . inn - night torquil and he man dandle inn girl on they knee , laugh , leching , and guzzle . the innkeeper bustles about , assist by a much -abuse serve girl name veela , whose beauty be conceal by kerchief hair , frumpy clothes , and a layer of soot . across the room , colwyn and ergo sit in front of the fire , stare gloomily into the flame . titch come in the back door and whisper to torquil , who signal he man . they get up and head for the back wall , where cyclops be swinging open a pair of large double door . ergo be too glum to notice the sudden diminution of noise , but colwyn see torquil and he man carry in a giant venison pie , ten foot across and five foot high . titch ( come up to ergo ) ergo ? the little man hunch forward , refuse to answer . titch Sir ergo ? ... my honorable Lord ergo ? ... ergo first , you desert I , and now you mock I . go back to you one - eye friend . titch reach out and press the end of ergo 's nose . ergo what ? now you poke I in the nose as well ? titch I do not think it 's work . ergo not work ? this nose ? this nose work day and night . this nose have never loaf a hour in its life . this nose ... ( sniff ) what ? ( sniff again ) impossible . this nose asleep while venison fill the air ? ( seize titch ) where be it , boy ? tell I where it be and I forgive you everything . titch it 's right behind you . ergo turn and he eye grow as big as the pie . ergo ( awed whisper ) a venison pie as big as a house . cyclop a small house . ergo and what do you think a small person life in , you one - eye fool ? leave I here to mope while you and the boy be arrange my assassination . titch we mean only to please you . ergo and do you think I be not go to eat myself to death this very night ? huh ? the dwarf approach the pie worshipfully . ergo look at its beauty . look at its grace . torquil ( hold out a knife ) look at its inside . ergo no ! not yet ! let I hug it and kiss it a little . let I run my finger over its lovely skin . ( climb onto the pie ) let I climb to the top and sing to it . he clamber up the crust and stand on top of the pie . ergo henceforth I be Lord ergo , for now I have a estate to rule . he kneel and embrace the crust . ergo ( croon ) let we go then , you and I , my sweet and hot and lovely pie ... the crust suddenly give way beneath he ; he plunge into the pie , disappear completely . the onlooker laugh and applaud . but when he do not reappear , they grow worried . titch ( knock on the crust ) ergo ? be you all right ? ergo 's head pop up through the crust . ergo here lie Lord ergo , drown in a venison pie . he die with a smile and a belch , goodbye , goodbye ... he disappear inside the pie again . the other crowd around and begin dismember it . int . inn - later that night colwyn and the cyclops stand guard over sleep robber and inn girl . ergo float half - awake in the gravy in the pie shell , a content smile on he face . he open he mouth and allow a piece of venison to float into it . then he hear whimper and peer over the edge of the crust : titch be asleep nearby , in the throw of a nightmare . the serve girl , vella , be still busy clean up . as she pass the pie shell , she hear scrabbling and splash , and stop to see a puppy try to clamber out . cyclop lift he out . vella lift out the puppy and set it on the floor . the puppy shake itself , then trot over to titch . the boy hug the puppy to he chest . vella ( to cyclops ) it 's the little man call ergo , be not it ? cyclop yes . vella he must care a lot for the boy . cyclop yes . innkeeper ( come over ) you lazy slut ! I do not pay you to stand around jaw with the guest ! colwyn leave she be . she 's work hard all day . innkeeper she will work till dawn if I choose ! he cuff the girl , knock she to the floor , but back away as colwyn approach . colwyn ( a order ) her work day be over . she will rest now . the innkeeper scowl , then skulk off , grumble . colwyn help the girl up and see that she ankle have be twisted by she fall . he put a arm around she and help she toward the stair . int . CENTER of vortex lyssa move around the walkway , look for escape , but all the passage lead out of the Center be block by red eye . voice of the beast have you consider ? she turn to see the gigantic red eye in the Beast 's hole . lyssa I do not want you power . it be hideous . voice of the beast you know nothing of power , you foolish girl . you think power be a mighty sword , or a strong castle , or the paltry magic of a emerald seer . power be none of this . the red eye in the hole disappear . lyssa hear the voice behind she . voice of the beast power be beauty . she turn to see a Greek adonis stand behind she . his naked body glisten with oil ; he be incredibly handsome . ( but he eye be red . ) she retreat . the adonis vanish and lyssa feel she hand clasped gently . she turn to see a girl of she own age , smile at she . ( but she eye be red and she speak with the Voice of darkness . ) voice of the beast power be friendship . when lyssa pull she hand away , the girl vanish . voice of the beast power be joy . lyssa see herself ( but with red eye ) as a young mother , hold a baby and laugh . then she feel a hand on she cheek and turn to see colwyn ( red -eye ) , smile at she as he caress she cheek . he speak with the dark Voice . voice of the beast power be desire . she know , from the eye and voice , that this be not the real colwyn . but loneliness and fear and long be beginning to take they toll . she touch he hand , press it against she cheek . vella ( over ) the cruelest fate be to be far from the one you love , not know whether you will ever see he again . int . vella' room - night vella sit dejectedly on the edge of the bed . colwyn stand near . vella I be betrothed to a boy from my village . we be to be marry this summer , but he travel across the sea and he ship be lose . ( bow she head , whisper ) they say he drown , but I know he be alive . I know he will come back to I . move by she grief , colwyn sit on the bed and take she in he arm to comfort she . colwyn I know the cruelty of such a fate . vella ( lift she head ) perhaps you think no man would return to I . colwyn I do not think that . vella stand and slip the kerchief from around she hair , which be long and lustrous . it tumble loose , fall gracefully around she shoulder . she wipe the sleeve across she face and , almost magically , the smudge and dirt disappear . she step out of she ungainly shoe , then unfasten she ugly dress ; it fall to she foot . she stand barefoot in she chemise , stunningly beautiful . vella be I not worth return to ? colwyn yes . vella be I not beautiful enough to be love ? colwyn yes . vella even by you ? colwyn ( drop he eye ) yes . int . vortex - night the red-ey colwyn hold lyssa 's hand as he make he proposal . voice of the beast this I tell you : we child will be prince . they will have the power of my darkness and the power of you blood . they will conquer galaxy . lyssa back away , shaking she head no . voice of the beast they will make you a queen . a queen of world uncountable . the red-ey colwyn wave he hand and a stone wall crack open . voice of the beast this be the galaxy you will rule . through the crack , we see galaxy move toward we , slowly at first , then faster . we see not only the familiar galactic form - spiral , ellipse , sphere - but shape and color never see from Earth : explode galaxy of red star , whirling galaxy of yellow and blue , galaxy writhe as if in pain . they move toward we , faster and faster , until they become blur of light and color . another wall crack open . voice of the beast this be the world of you empire . we see planet move toward we : earthlike planet of blue and green , volcanic planet spitting flame , gaseous planet , ringed planet , planet with a hundred moon . another wall crack open . voice of the beast this be the being who will be you slave . we see crowd of live creature , some humanoid , other with shape never see , prostrate themselves in obeisance , keen they pain and fear . lyssa I do not want you world or you slave . voice of the beast then look ! another wall crack open . we see colwyn and vella in a close embrace . lyssa it 's a lie ! voice of the beast this wall do not lie ! he will betray you . lyssa he will not ! voice of the beast then he will die ! int . vella' room - intercut colwyn and vella in each other 's arm . vella you too be lonely . colwyn I ache with it . vella let I comfort you . colwyn I can not take comfort when she have none . vella then give I comfort . sleep with I tonight . colwyn I can not betray my bride . vella one night be no betrayal . have pity on I . ( begin to cry ) please , I beg you , do not refuse I . you do not know the price . her tear wash the blue dye from she eye and we see that she eye be red . colwyn be in the arm of a Dark one . colwyn I feel you pain , but I cannot betray she . vella you will not , then ? colwyn I cannot . vella 's leave hand turn into a claw . she move it toward he neck , then stop . she begin to cry ; blood - red tear run down she cheek . vella my master tell I : make he betray she ; if he will not , kill he . colwyn step back from she . vella ( thrust out she claw ) yes , he be my master . colwyn pluck he glaive from he belt and poise it to throw . vella this talon be a heartbeat from you throat . I could have kill you in a instant . colwyn lower the glaive . vella but in the hour I know you , I love you . that love be life for you and death for I . remember I . in the vortex , lyssa stare defiantly at the red-ey colwyn . lyssa it be you who be betrayed . the red-ey colwyn extend he leave hand , which turn into a claw ; the talon clutch the empty air - and in she room , vella gasp as she be strangle . the red-ey colwyn snap he arm sideways - and vella be flung across she room against the wall . her body disintegrate , leave only gray ash and a empty chemise . colwyn have faith , lyssa . I will come . in the vortex , the false colwyn have vanish . the huge red eye have reappear in the Beast 's hole . lyssa he will come for I . voice of the beast ( over ) he will not come . you will be my queen . the eye recede , accompany by the heavy , slithering sound . ext . valley of reed - sunrise as the twin sun edge above the horizon , the black , hulk fortress of krull rise majestically above the reed . ext . inn - dawn ynyr , have just return from the mountain , confer with the band outside the inn . ynyr we must reach the Valley of reed before the next dawn . torquil it 's a hundred league from here . colwyn we could reach it on fire-mare . torquil that beast cannot be saddle by mortal man . cyclop they can be saddle . colwyn you have do it ? cyclop I road they often in my youth . colwyn ( to torquil ) saddle . torquil the innkeeper . as colwyn and torquil move toward the inn , ynyr draw the cyclops aside , glance at the band of white linen on he wrist . ynyr ( low , to cyclops ) it be dangerous for you . cyclop it will only be a few hour . then I will accept my fate . ext . marsh - day the band watch from the edge of the marsh as the cyclops stand knee - deep in water , face the charge of a dozen fire-mare . ergo they will trample he to death ! ynyr no . he will master the leader . the fire -mare charge past the cyclops , who disappear in a cloud of smoke and steam and spray . they wheel and charge again , circle he . he fix he eye on the lead mare , who pull out of the circle and come toward he . the cyclops place he hand on the mare 's muzzle and the horse stand quietly . the other follow suit , form a circle around he . ext . marsh - a few minute later the band be mount , except for the cyclops . titch sit behind colwyn . ergo ( call ) quell ? cyclop I can not go with you , my friend . colwyn it be today ? cyclop yes . it be today . the band file past he , each man reach down to shake he hand . ergo be next to last . his mouth work as he try to speak , but no word come out . the cyclops embrace he . ergo my heart stay here . cyclop and mine go with you . ergo move off , wiping he nose on he sleeve . colwyn be last , with titch sit behind he . colwyn ( to titch ) you be too young to come with we , lad . stay with we friend . he swing the boy to the ground , then grip the cyclops 's hand . colwyn each to he fate . cyclop each to he fate . the cyclops stand beside titch , hold the boy 's hand , watch the band move off . ynyr ( to colwyn , as they ride ) he run a great risk , help we today . if he oppose he fate , he death will be terribly painful . colwyn ( look back ) let we wish he peace . the cyclops be sit cross -legge on the ground , have wound a white linen headband around he forehead . titch sit beside he . torquil ( point up ) we must cover a hundred league before sunrise . colwyn ( stand in he stirrup ) at the gallop ! as the mare increase they speed , they sparking hoof begin to flash , until , at full gallop , they foot and fetlock be envelop in flame . they thunder down the road on a carpet of fire . ext . ridge - sunset in long shot , we see the fire - mare silhouett against the darken sky , gallop along the spine of the ridge on a thin line of flame . ext . ford - night a gatekeeper come out of he hut as he hear approach hoof-beat . a wooden gate stretch across the road , barring the ford . gatekeeper ( to himself ) if they be noble , it will cost ' they gold . the gatekeeper 's mouth drop as the fire-mare round the curve and smash through the gate , cause the stream to boil and hiss as they gallop through it . he stare at the cloud of steam that mark they passage . gatekeeper ( plaintive whine ) I would have settle for silver . ext . log road in swamp - night with hoofbeat audible in the distance , half a dozen thieve huddle on the log road , prepare a ambush . leader to you place . if they resist , show no mercy ! the thief kneel at the edge of the log road , weapon at the ready . the leader stand in the middle of the road , notches a arrow , and draw he bow . leader hold , or you be dead man ! his eye turn to saucer as the fire-mare round the curve and bear down on he . he yelp and dive into the swamp , along with the rest of he band . the fire - mare thunder past , leave the thief gulp swamp - water and the log road in flame . ext . valley of reed - just before dawn the horizon show light gray as the fire-mare streak across the valley , leave a trail of blaze reed . two dozen slayer ride from the fortress to oppose they . colwyn ( shout to torquil ) it 's almost dawn ! flank they ! torquil lead half the band to the right , colwyn lead the other half to the leave . they sweep past the slayer on either side , surround they with a ring of fire . the slayer be envelop by flame as the band reconverges and head toward the high wall of the fortress . but a dismounted slayer pierce the fiery wall , he clothes flame , and hurl a spear at rhun at the tail of the band . colwyn and torquil look back and see rhun skewer by the spear , the point protrude from he chest . torquil shake he head and they continue toward the wall . but atop the wall , hide behind the crenellate parapet , wait another dozen slayer with cauldron of boil pitch at the ready . colwyn reach the bottom of the wall and swing off he mare . colwyn up the wall ! quickly ! the other dismount and follow he up the wall , which be cant back some twenty degree from the vertical , allow they to clamber up the stone course . but suddenly a stream of boil pitch pour down the wall toward they . torquil look out ! they dodge the hiss steam of pitch , but a second stream catch oswin , who scream as he 's envelop by the boil liquid . colwyn and torquil look up to see a cauldron of pitch be move into position directly above they . but torquil point down the wall where ... ... the cyclops be gallop along the parapet , the hoof of he fire - mare sparking against the stone . titch stand on the saddle behind he , with a crossbow laid across he broad shoulder . the boy loose a bolt and hit one of the slayer at the cauldron , save colwyn and torquil . the slayer loose a hail of arrow , several of which strike the cyclops in the chest . but he keep come , and titch keep fire bolt from behind he shoulder , fell slayer like deer . as the twin sun be about to rise , the slayer overturn the great cauldron of pitch , which pour down the wall , head straight for colwyn ... ext . arctic landscape - sunrise the fortress rise out of the ice and colwyn look up to see the stream of pitch freeze solid , not three foot above they . colwyn ( shout ) on they ! he lead the band up the wall to the parapet , where the cyclops have dismounted and be hold off several slayer , shield titch , who be still fire he deadly bolt . a brief but fierce battle dispose of the slayer . the band gather around the fall cyclops . a dozen break - off arrow shaft protrude from he body . he hold ergo 's small hand in one of he great paw . cyclop ( die smile ) a man can ask nothing more than that he death help he friend . his hand tighten with the pain that he have bring upon himself , then he finger open slowly . ergo stifles a sob as the great eye close in death . torquil call colwyn 's attention to yet another group of slayer in the distance . colwyn lead the band across a ice bridge to a stone door encase in ice . they hack through the ice and swing open the door , which open onto a set of stone stair lead down . torquil ( glance toward slayer ) I will stay behind and keep they busy . ynyr it be not necessary . they will not follow . int . stone stairway - intercut - day the band move down the stair . above , the slayer reach the stone door , but they be clearly reluctant to descend . one step forward and start down - but then hear the eerie scream of the Dark one below . he scurries back up and , with the other , back away from the door . on the stair below , the eerie scream be deafen , echoing through the stone corridor . ynyr lead the band , take they down the stair , across a landing , and down another flight of stair . torquil notice mortar crumble between the stone of the staircase . torquil look . ynyr yes , they be weaken . it take great power to maintain the fortress , and they have expend much . int . stone corridor the band hurry down the corridor , pursue by dozen of red eye . torquil ( look back ) they be gain on we . ( draw he sword ) we must slow they up with steel . they be stand beneath a romanesque arch that support the wall . colwyn ( look up at the arch ) better stone than steel . he draw he sword and insert it beside the capstone of the arch , work the blade to loosen the mortar . torquil follow he think and begin chopping at the mortar on the other side of the capstone . the red eye be almost on they when they finally succeed in dislodge the capstone . they jump back as the capstone fall and the arch collapse , block the corridor with a wall of stone rubble . torquil you be resourceful , my lad . ( grin ) I tell you , one year under my tutelage and I could make you the Prince of thiefe . colwyn subject to the King , no doubt . torquil ( modest bow ) naturally . suddenly , a black claw burst from the stone rubble and clutches torquil by the neck . colwyn quickly draw he sword and hack off the arm , which disintegrate into gray ash . torquil ( finger he neck ) a good thrust , my friend . another second and there would have be nothing between my head and shoulder but bad memory . colwyn I intend to keep you alive , you majesty . so you can abdicate you throne and become my warlord . torquil perhaps . if the pay be good . colwyn signal ynyr , who lead the group down the corridor and then down yet another flight of stone stair . they emerge in ... int . cavern of age a pillare cave , pitch black . we hear the rasp sound of labor breathe , as of old man close to death . colwyn ( call softly ) stay together . they move through the cave , weapon at the ready . a feeble voice call out . old torquil torquil ... torquil turn to see a wizen , hollow - eye old man : himself at the end of he life . old torquil do not let this happen , torquil . a priestess of youth step out from behind a pillar : she be eighteen , wear a transparent garment that show the stun beauty of she young body . she hold a golden goblet contain a rainbow - color liquid . priestess it need not happen , torquil . drink the rainbow . it be youth . she reach behind the pillar and take the hand of young torquil , pull he into view : it be torquil as he be at eighteen . priestess it be you youth , torquil . ynyr ( touch torquil ) this be the Cavern of Age . touch nothing , take nothing , or the future will be plunge into you heart . torquil shudder as he look at the old man he will become , horrify by the gape face of he own future . colwyn take he arm and gently pull he away . but the priestess of youth slip ahead , appear again with the Young torquil , this time in passionate embrace . as she caress the youth , she hold out the goblet to torquil . priestess drink the rainbow , torquil . youth be yours . I be yours . take I , torquil . colwyn ( guide he past ) she lie , my friend . now it be ergo 's turn to confront the future . he see himself as a old man , bald and shrunken , at the edge of death . old ergo ergo , save yourself . save yourself from this . > from behind a pillar appear a fairy priestess of youth , golden-haire , beautiful , hold a gold goblet . she tilt the goblet and pour some of the rainbow liquid into she hand . fairy priestess ( hold out she cup hand ) drink from my hand , ergo . I can save you . ergo start toward she , but titch grab he arm . titch ( yanking he back ) ergo ! ergo allow himself to be pull along , gaze back wistfully . ergo oh , she be so beautiful - and I be so ugly . titch would you desert you friend ? ergo ( shaking himself out of it ) no , no . I be with you , boy . bring up the rear of the group be kegan . he look to the side and gasp in horror as he see himself at age eighty , writhe on the floor , wrack by the pain of a horrible last illness . old kegan ( gasp ) Disease and pain , kegan . this be you future . a priestess of youth appear . she be very young , perhaps fifteen , with the kind of beauty that make a man catch he breath . she hold out the goblet , she face full of compassion and concern . very young priestess ( plead with he ) oh please , kegan , do not let this happen . come to I as you be . a young kegan step out beside she . he be sixteen , a golden youth . very young priestess come to I young , kegan . she step forward , move very close to he . very young priestess ( whisper ) you youth be in the goblet , come to I in the rainbow . no mortal man could resist she . she hold the goblet to he lip and he drink . torquil ( see he and shout ) kegan ! ynyr it be too late . he have drunk . the priestess embrace kegan . as they kiss , a rainbow arch down and envelope they in its multi-color light . but the color soon fade and the rainbow become a arc of white light , grow brighter and more intense . in the blind light , the priestess begin to age , turn old before we eye , as do kegan himself . the other watch , freeze in horror , as kegan struggle to escape she embrace . but she clutches he with bony finger , press she wrinkle mouth to he . they topple to the floor , writhe in each other 's arm , they skin turn to parchment . the writhe stop . two skeleton lie on the floor , lock in fatal embrace , the white bone shimmer in the arc of light . as the other continue through the cave , ergo take titch 's hand and place it on he arm . ergo keep a tight hold , boy , in case I get any more crazy idea . int . outer wall of vortex the band approach the curving bloodstone wall of the vortex . great circular opening in the wall indicate the terminal of the arm . ynyr ( to colwy n ) they will hold lyssa in the Center of the vortex , the place of the Beast , where its power be great . no man can match it there . lyssa must try to move toward we . for as we enter the vortex and move closer ... colwyn ( wait , then finish the sentence ) the Beast will kill she . ynyr yes . to keep she from you . but now that we be inside the fortress , you will be able to contact she . colwyn kneel on the floor , elbow on knee , bend he forehead against he hand in concentration . colwyn ( over ) lyssa ... int . CENTER of vortex - intercut lyssa be halfway up the spirale wall of the vortex , midway between the Beast 's hole below and the passage above - all of which be guard by red eye . lyssa ( over ) colwyn ... colwyn ( over ) you must move away from the Center . lyssa ( over ) all the passage be guard . ynyr ( hand on colwyn 's shoulder ) she must make a glaive . colwyn ( over ) lyssa , you bracelet . Bend they straight and cross they . lyssa remove a pair of gold bracelet from she arm , bend they straight , and form a cross . colwyn ( over ) now grip they in you hand . she wrap she finger around the intersection of the cross , convert the bracelet into a kind of homemade glaive . colwyn ( over ) will you power outward . lyssa ( over ) I do not know how . colwyn ( over ) you have the power . will it . as lyssa frown in concentration , she glaive begin to glow . lyssa ( over ) yes . I can do it . ynyr ( to colwy n ) West . colwyn ( over ) take the western passage . lyssa ( over ) all direction be the same here . ynyr ( to colwy n ) the spiral begin in the west . colwyn ( over ) where the spiral begin . lyssa look up to where the spiral begin . lyssa ( over ) yes . colwyn ( over ) move quickly . we be come for you . we be in the fortress . lyssa ( over ) ( as she smile ) I know you would come . at the outer wall , the band be midway between two of the arm . ynyr look from one to the other , then choose the one on the leave . and in the Center , lyssa must make a similar choice , for the spiral begin midway between two of the arm . she also choose the one on the leave . she hold the shine glaive in front of she as she move into the Arm and we hear the scrape of talon and the guttural of frustration as the red eye be force to retreat before it . int . first arm of vortex the band move down the curving Arm , toward the Center . int . second arm of vortex lyssa move out the adjacent Arm , away from the Center . she hold she glaive in front of she , force back the red eye . int . CENTER of vortex the huge red eye of the Beast rise toward the top of its hole . we hear a hideous scream of rage as the Beast discover lyssa go . we do not actually see it emerge from its hole , but we see the reaction of the lesser Dark one guard the passage : they shrink in fear , flee up the passage as the Beast climb out of its hole and up the side of the spiral funnel . as the Beast move into the west passage , we catch a glimpse of one talone foot : it be so large that the mind can not conceive of a live creature this huge . it leave behind a trail of black mud mix with fragment of a bizarre seaweed : dark red , with spiral leave . int . second arm of vortex lyssa glance back fearfully as she hear the Beast come up the Arm . lyssa colwyn . where be you , colwyn ? int . first arm of vortex ynyr lead the band down the Arm . ynyr ( worried ) we should have reach she by now . colwyn stop , furrow he brow in concentration . colwyn ( over ) lyssa ... lyssa ( over ) ( breathe hard ) come quickly , colwyn . I can see the eye of the Beast . colwyn turn toward the right -hand wall of the passage . colwyn ( over ) lyssa , touch the wall of you passage . lyssa press she hand against the wall behind she . colwyn ( run to the wall ) she 's on the other side of this wall . I can feel it ! ynyr ( cover he eye ) I choose the wrong passage . colwyn she can see the Beast ! ynyr use you sword . colwyn what use be my sword ? I can not reach she ! ynyr ( point to wall ) cut. cut ! colwyn stare at he for a moment , then unsheathes he sword , grip it with both hand , and swing it at the stone wall . the blade strike the stone with a spine- shiver clang . he swing again - another clang . but on he third swing , the blade bite into the rock , sink to a depth of several inch . on the next swing , the blade penetrate deep into the rock , and on the next , it slice all the way through , tear loose chunks of stone . colwyn swing the sword back and forth like a scythe , cut he way through the solid rock , spraying fragment behind he . in the other passage , lyssa press herself against the wall , watch the Beast 's eye come closer . suddenly , a chuck of rock burst out of the wall near she as colwyn cut through . he seize she arm and pull she through the hole , into the adjacent passage . ynyr lay a hand on colwyn 's shoulder as he embrace lyssa . ynyr you must move quickly . the Beast will stop at nothing now . colwyn ( divine he intention ) you be come with we . ynyr ( shake he head no ) it be my fate to die in the fortress . colwyn no ! you can not know that ! ynyr I can . because I choose it . colwyn ( imperious ) I forbid you ! ynyr smile indulgently . colwyn shrug in embarrassment . colwyn I do not mean it that way . but you can not stay . ynyr take colwyn and lyssa by the arm and move up the passage . ynyr you can not stay . you must both escape the fortress or else this world be doom . int . other arm of vortex the Beast move toward the hole in the passage wall . resume - colwyn ET . al . they hear the Beast tear at the stone wall , enlarge the hole to allow it to pass through . ynyr nudge colwyn and lyssa up the passage . ynyr go now . ( turn to torquil ) quell be wise . he know that a man can not ask more of he death than it help he friend . torquil ( sadly , grip he hand ) that be true . the wet -ey ergo be too choke with emotion to approach the old man . ynyr lay a hand on titch 's head . ynyr ( smile ) take care of ergo . titch yes , sir . the five move up the passage . colwyn quickly , or he will waste he life for nothing . they increase they pace . ynyr watch they until they disappear , then back slowly up the passage . a section of wall explode inward as the Beast tear he way through . ynyr see the red eye and place a hand on he glaive . ynyr you and I be destine to meet , my friend . he fling he glaive , which fly to a point ten foot in front of he and hang in midair , glow . ynyr and I be not so old that I can be swat like a fly . he thrust he hand forward - the glaive leap toward the Beast , give off a blind light . the Beast roar and retreat . ynyr no , not so old as that , my black beauty . now the red eye narrow as the Beast focus its power on the glaive . the weapon be push backwards , slowly but surely . ynyr yes , you will have to attack I directly to kill I . I will cost you power , my dark friend . much power . he thrust he hand out and the glaive leap forward - but only a few foot this time . the Beast 's power stop it , then continue to push it back toward the old man . he hold out he clench fist and stop the glaive about five foot in front of he . the Beast 's power be so tremendous , however , that the arm of the weapon begin bend backward . suddenly , one of the horizontal arm snap off and fly toward ynyr , graze he shoulder . he stagger back , but manage to hold the glaive steady . the other horizontal arm snap off and bury itself in he chest . he go down on one knee but continue to hold the glaive steady , though the weapon be now reduce to its vertical axis . finally , he strength give out . he drop he arm . the vertical blade spin toward he and pierce he throat . the beast move past he crumpled body , up the passage . int . very wide staircase the five make they way up the staircase to a landing . as torquil start up the next flight , colwyn call he back . colwyn we must find a smaller passage , where it cannot follow . they move down a corridor to ... int . dodecahedron they look around in confusion at the door in each of the twelve side of the huge room . torquil which one ? lyssa where be the fortress ? colwyn in the Arctic ice . lyssa ( point to door ) that way . I can feel the cold . they move to the door , which open onto a long stairway lead up . at the top , we can see snow blow past the open . colwyn ( point up ) she 's right . look . they hear the Beast come closer and start up the long stairway . int . long stairway - night as the five make they way upward , a terrible noise from below make they stop and look back : the Beast be tear away the rock , enlarge the passage to follow they . they quicken they pace . along the stair be small pile of fine powder : the mortar between the stone be crumble and trickle down the wall . ext . fortress - night the five emerge from the staircase and make they way across the Arctic landscape , toward the outer wall . colwyn look back and see the Beast tear its way out of the fortress . colwyn make for the wall . I will catch up . torquil colwyn , do not be a fool . you can not do battle with that thing . colwyn there 's no way to outrun it . you know that . this be what ynyr be prepare I for . it 's what he die for . lyssa you will be kill . torquil do not worry . I will tap he on the head with my sword hilt if I have to . colwyn ( quietly , but with iron authority ) you will lead the other to the wall as I tell you . now . torquil bow to colwyn 's authority ; he lead the other toward the wall . colwyn pull off he hauberk , useless in this battle , and face the Beast in he tunic . the wind whip the thin cloth as he advance across the ice to where the Beast wait , obscure by the thickly fall snow . suddenly , a gigantic chunk of ice fly straight at he . he raise he hand and the ice shatter , streaking past he harmlessly . now he begin to concentrate , focus he power until he body gleam - then shimmer - then burst into flame with tongue of white fire leaping from he body as if it have be douse in gasoline . the flame be under he power ; it do not harm he , nor do it melt the snow he walk on . it only harm when he will it - as when he see a patch of Dark one approach from the side . he sweep he arm toward they and a arc of flame roll across the ice like a wave , wash over they and leave they char body writhe in the snow . the Beast be move back and forth in a area of ice ridge and hummock , dimly visible through the heavy snowfall . near it be a stone tower , some fifty foot high . the tower be suddenly lift from the ground and hurl at colwyn . he make a downward chop with he hand and the tower split in the middle , the two piece fly past on either side of he . colwyn I be no feeble old man for you to crush with two blow . ( move forward , grim - face ) this be for that old man . he sweep he arm toward the Beast and a arc of flame roll across the ice . as the Beast sidestep , the flame arc slice off the top of a ice hummock , leave the flat surface boil and steaming from the heat . colwyn press forward , drive by grief and rage . he launch a second arc of flame , one end of which catch the Beast 's side . the Beast roar with pain and retreat , drive back by colwyn 's power . he launch a third arc , and this one strike the Beast 's head , staggering it . the Beast be wounded now : one of its huge eye be swollen half shut , the skin around it badly char . enrage , the Beast counterattack . huge projectile streak toward colwyn : first come block of ice , then great fragment of stone . finally , the stone fragment begin to burn , scream through the air like meteor . the projectile shatter against colwyn 's protective shield of flame , but the force of repeat impact drive he backward . small fragment of ice and stone actually pierce the shield , tear he tunic , cut he skin . he be bleed from several flesh wound and he forehead be burn by a fragment of flame rock . but the Beast 's power be not infinite . the hail of projectile slow , then stop . colwyn resume he advance . he chop he arm downward : we hear a sharp crack and a ice hummock explode near the Beast . he chop again and a ice ridge explode , leave a deep crack in the ice . the Beast hurl another projectile , but colwyn brushes it aside as if it be a mosquito and sweep a arc of flame at the Beast to back it off . then he resume chopping with he arm : crack follow closely on crack as the ice around the Beast be slice and shattered by colwyn 's power . the section of ice on which the Beast stand suddenly drop a foot or so . the Beast hurl a final projectile , then colwyn crack the ice again . we hear a deep rumble and a huge section of ice collapse , fall into the depth of the fortress , carry the Beast with it . watch from a distance , torquil see the exhaust colwyn staggering on the ice , barely able to stand . torquil ( to the other ) I will get he . make for the wall . torquil head for colwyn . ergo push lyssa and titch toward the wall . ergo quickly , quickly to the wall . but ergo himself turn around and follow torquil to where colwyn be stumbling on the ice . Dark one flit between the ice hummock , converge on they . as torquil help colwyn toward the wall , ergo form a rear guard , armed with butcher knife from he voluminous coat . as Dark one lunge out of the swirl snow , the little man face they fearlessly , hurl he knife with deadly aim to protect he friend : one creature fall with a knife between the eye , another with a knife in the neck , a third pierce through the heart . they reach the parapet , where torquil and lyssa help colwyn over the wall . the five clamber down the face of the wall and torquil be about to jump off onto the icy ground . colwyn ( point to horizon ) wait ! the two sun be about to come up . they remain on the wall - except for ergo , who slip on a sheet of ice and slide toward the ground . titch reach out and grab he hand , hold he on the wall , though ergo 's leg be bury in snow up to the knee . ext . forest valley - sunrise cling to the wall , the five look out on a green valley . ergo 's leg be still bury to the knee , but in the ground . the stone of the wall be shifting . the fortress be collapse . colwyn ( jump to the ground ) away from the wall ! torquil and colwyn haul ergo out of the ground and move away from the wall . they watch the fortress crumble . colwyn it 's a fitting monument for ynyr and quell and the other . the fortress sink from sight , leave a green valley in its place . lyssa that 's a better one . colwyn yes . they make they way across the glen , colwyn and lyssa with arm around each other , titch riding on torquil 's shoulder , and the ergo-puppy riding on titch 's . lyssa ( look around ) where 's ergo ? titch hand she the ergo-puppy , who lick she face . she laugh and set the puppy down . it run in front of they , frisk . peasant family come out of the forest and join they . Children chase the puppy through the grass . fade out . the end