January 5 , 2016 kubo .-.- and the two string screenplay by Marc haime Chris butler Story by Shannon tindle Marc haime director : Travis knight Studio : laika kubo and the two string 1/92 ( 0100 pro ) prologue black a child 's whisper voice hiss through the darkness ... child voice ( v.o. ) if you must blink , do it now ! a full moon fill the screen like a giant , unblink eye . * a eerie wind howl through the night sky , and a wave * suddenly rise in front of the moon , eclipsing it from view . another giant wave swell and we CUT wider to reveal -- ext . ocean - stormy night a tiny wooden fishing boat come into view , toss about by enormous wave , crest hundred of foot high . that 's when we hear it , weaving throughout the howl of wind . * hopeful , inexplicable music . a sweet , chromatic melody . * it be be play by the boat 's lone passenger . a beautiful * japanese woman with long black hair whipping in the wind . she * kneel as she play a stringe shamisen instrument . * child voice ( v.o . ) * pay careful attention to everything * you see and hear ... no matter how * * unusual it may seem . on the woman 's back we catch a glimpse of a woven bag embroider with the image of a beetle . before we can get a better look , we attention turn to a tsunami-sized wave , rise up silently in front of the boat , threaten to consume everything in its path . the woman raise she hand , strike the string on she shamisen , and the sea literally part in front of she , allow safe passage clean through the center of the chaos . the boat float onward , approach a rocky coastline beneath high windswept cliff , and at the sight of land the woman give a almost imperceptible smile . child voice ( v.o . ) and please be warn . if you fidget . if you look away . ( more ) draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 2/92 child voice ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) if you forget any part of what I tell you , even for a instant , then * we hero will surely perish . * before the narrator can finish he sentence , another wave , larger than the other , surge menacingly behind the woman ... ext . rocky beach propel by that huge wave , the fishing boat violently ram into the rocky shore , throw the woman from the boat . toss through the turbulent undercurrent , the woman 's head smashes hard against a rock . and as the ocean recede , she 's leave lie in the sand , she body limp and unmove and blankete by she tangle hair . * and then another sound . the crying of a infant . the woman 's eye snap open . slowly , painfully , she begin crawl across the sand towards the cry . it 's come from inside that woven bag . * child voice ( 0.s . ) * his name be kubo . his grandfather * steal something from he . * as she reach the bag and draw back the fold of cloth , we * see the face of a baby underneath . we can see he head be * wrap in a bloody bandage , cover he miss leave eye . * we watch they from a high angle , like we be stand * somewhere up on that cliff , as the narrator add ... * child voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) and that really be the least of it . CUT to : ( 0200 brk ) breakfast with mom black ghosting in title : kubo then : ... and the two string credit roll as we slowly fade in , come face to face with -- a monkey draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 3/92 a serious monkey . stare right at we . fix expression . that 's because this monkey be actually a carve wooden charm , also know as a netsuke , stand about four inch high . next to it a young boy , perhaps ten year old , sleep on a thin mat on the floor . he be curl up within a robe emblazon with the crest of a beetle , just like the one we see on the bag earlier . the boy roll over , revealing he leave eye be cover in a patch . he be the baby from the prologue , grow into a wiry youth , with thick black hair tug into a messy topknot . he be we hero . kubo . * int . kubo 's cave - early morning ( pre dawn ) kubo get up and begin to tidy up the place , pick up dozen of strewn piece of paper that inexplicably litter the ground . the paper be crease and wrinkle as if it have be repeatedly fold and unfold . he smooth each sheet out , then stack it and place it back on a shelf . +e * hf by the light of the full moon outside , kubo walk to a little kitchen area and strike a flint , start a fire . * he gracefully pour and heat a pot of water , prepare both rice and tea for two place setting on the ground . * he then turn to regard a sleep woman , lie on a mat in the corner of the cave , barely noticeable in the dark . the fold of she gown move gently as she sleep . kubo step over and kneel down by she side , and we see this be the same woman from we prologue , only now she seem older and paler . her face be crease and wrinkle like the crumpled paper scattered around she , and she long black hair be streak with silvery grey . she be kubo 's mother . kubo watch she for a moment , then gather himself and extend a hand to gently push she hair out of she face . her eye flutter open . she see kubo , kneel there , and he give she a small smile . a unspoken '' good morning . '' * kubo help she up and to the mat where the rice and tea be wait , she movement be slow and feeble . * int . dine area kubo 's cave - early morning draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 4/92 kubo serve he mother rice , even blow on it to cool it for she . his mother eat just a little . a bit of rice fall onto she chin . kubo use he chopstick to gently put the grain of rice back into she mouth . there be clearly something wrong with he mother . * int . entrance kubo 's cave - early morning * kubo walk he mother over and she kneel on a mat in the * shadow of the cave entrance , stare down at the angry white crest of the wave . kubo sit beside she . he work intently , fold that sheet of paper he stack earlier into a assortment of origami figure . there be a tiger , a deer , and a snake , each as impressive as the next . his nimble hand make swift and expert work of it . it 's kind of incredible . * kubo lean forward , grin from ear to ear as he play with a paper samurai , show it to he unresponsive mother . * but then kubo stop , and get closer to lean on he mother 's * shoulder as the sun rise . * a bell chime in the distance , trigger he instantly into * action . as the orange light of dawn begin to fill the cave , he * hurry over to where the shamisen lean against the wall and * scoops it up with one hand . he grab the netsuke and all he * origami figure , hastily pack they into he bag and it over * he shoulder . * before he leave he notice a strand of hair have fall in * front of he mother 's face . he gently reach out and push * it back into place . kubo look at he mother 's stare empty eye and rest he * hand on she shoulder for a moment before run off . * ( 0300 jtv ) journey to the village draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 5/92 ext . mountain path - dawn kubo scramble down the rocky path with practice ease , he shamisen occasionally smack against he hip with a dull harmonic bump , like when you jostle a guitar . in the distance a cluster of building peek out from behind a brightly ornate gateway . kubo play with he origami samurai * as he walk . * kubo continue along the path over a bridge into the village , to a hubbub of activity beyond -- * ( 0400 stt ) story time ext . central avenue - day it 's later in the morning and the main thoroughfare have become a vibrant pageant of peasantry and peddler celebrate the second day of the obon Festival . - a puppeteer operate a elaborate dragon marionette over the head of squealing child . - fishermen proudly waggle they pungent produce . crustacean crawl over each other in open crate . - a patient dad and he young daughter browse the lantern be craft by skilled artisan . -high CLASS lady barter and haggle for the most fashionable festival garment . - merchant pitch they ware to villager from dusty cart . - men gamble on elaborate tile game . two old curmudgeon sit in stony - face contemplation over a chess - like game of shoji . and lining the street be the feudal japanese equivalent of the Venice Beach boardwalk . a row of beggar and STREET performers , compete for coin , handout , and attention : - a hunch beggar woman , kameyo sit in the street , with a * bowl in front of she . she smile warmly when she see kubo walk toward she . she miraculously straighten up and seem much less woeful . kameyo well hello , kubo ! he slide he shamisen off he shoulder and sit down next to she . kubo peek over the lip of the bowl . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 6/92 kubo how be it today ? kameyo not a bad crowd . I get two penny and a lint ball . she fish around in the bowl and pull out a clump of fluff . kameyo ( cont 'd ) this be pretty good lint . kubo chuckle and the old woman turn to he . kameyo ( cont 'd ) and what do you have plan today ? kubo oh , you know . the usual . kameyo ( grin ) monster ? kubo of course . kameyo you think you can work in a fire breathe chicken ? kubo fix she with a look . kubo the chicken again ? kameyo ( defensive ) the chicken be funny . kubo roll he eye , but he 's clearly enjoy this . kameyo ( cont 'd ) a touch of comedy to balance the whole thing out . they be go to be throw money at you , I just know it . ( think this over ) or they 'il throw something at you , I do not know . kubo ( laugh ) okay , I ' 1l see what I can do . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 7/92 kubo stand to leave , but the old woman have one more thing . kameyo and do you plan on finish the story this time , young man ? kubo just smile and walk into the center of the square . in one graceful motion , kubo drop he bag of origami creature on the ground and spin he shamisen around . he grab the bachi pick from he belt and raise it into the air , ready to strike . kubo if you must blink , do it now ! he then bring it down across the string , strike a beautifully resonant chord . with this , the entire dynamic of the marketplace change . - mid-haggle , merchant and they customer gasp . - the shoji player look up from they game . one take advantage of the distraction and cheat a win move while the other be face the other way . - Children watch the puppeteer look over and the puppeteer turn the head of he dragon , to see what be go on before the child cheer and run towards kubo . shout cease , chatter trail off . even the trilling of songbird in they cage and a distant dog 's barking stop . everything be silent . all head be turn . kameyo move through the gather onlooker , push a man aside . kubo stand confidently in the center , he shamisen gleam in the sun . excite whisper ripple through the crowd . kubo ( cont 'd ) pay careful attention to everything you see and hear . no matter how unusual it may seem ! as he pace , kubo size up the circle form around he . kubo ( cont 'd ) and please be warned . if you fidget . if you look away . if you forget any part of what I tell you , even for a instant ... draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 8/92 and by this point , there 's really no more need for kubo to shout . the entire crowd have fall still and silent . he point to a woman and whisper dramatically . kubo ( cont 'd ) then we hero will surely perish ! he suddenly shift into a dramatic pose , pluck he shamisen like a rock star . he strum a simple theme , and a red blur shoot from he pack , somersault the full length of the circle before landing at kubo 's foot . the crowd cheer at the appearance of this origami hero . kubo put up a hand to silence they again , and continue : kubo ( cont 'd ) hanzo be a mighty samurai . but he be alone ; he family take from he , he kingdom in ruin , and he army destroy by the dread Moon King ! you may recall , hanzo be roam the distant farland in search of a magical suit of armor ; the only weapon in the whole world that could protect he from the power of the Moon King . this armor be make up of three piece . the first ... kubo pause wait for the audience to participate and spin suddenly , point to a group of child . hashi be stand behind they , push he way through to answer . hashi oh , oh , oh !!! I know ! I know ! the sword unbreakable ! kubo smile and continue to play . a sheet of paper shoot from he bag and form into a samurai sword that hover in the air before the crowd . kubo sprint over to a adorable little girl , skid to a halt in front of she . kubo the second ...? mari the breastplate imp ... ( struggle ) impen ... draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 9/92 her father , hosato lean down and whisper something into she ear . mari ( cont 'd ) impen-a-truh-bubble ! yeah ! the crowd laugh and applaud the little girl whose cheek bloom red with pride . kubo pluck the second string and we see a ornate breastplate form and hover next to the sword . kubo and finally , the third weapon , the final piece of the armor ... kameyo I know this one ! pick I ! kubo nod at she . kameyo ( cont 'd ) the helmet invulnerable ! the expectant crowd turn to kubo for affirmation . he pluck the third string and a beautiful helmet form . the crowd cheer . he begin circle the audience , building the tension . kubo before hanzo could claim the armor and unite the piece to reveal they true power , he be attack by the Moon King 's beast ! kubo pluck a dissonant chord and spin suddenly . a sheet of paper shoot up , fold in mid air , transform into a monstrous spider . the spider creature spring forward and hanzo charge to meet it , slashing at its leg with he little paper sword . the crowd cheer . kameyo whoa ! ha ha ha ! kubo launch into a dizzying display , play he shamisen like a demon . he 's good ! draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 10/92 montage in a series of quick cut we catch various glimpsis of kubo 's story ... one fantastical battle after another , a incredibly violent display of origami theatrics , with paper body part raining like confetti around the square . - a ferocious shark swallow hanzo whole , until he slice it open from inside , shredd it into ribbon . - a over - excited samurai grasp the shoulder of two woman . hashi oh yes ! - a FIRE -breathing chicken form and belch paper flame at hanzo . - the beggar woman clap and cackle uncontrollably . kameyo ha ha ! kill the chicken ! rip it to piece ! - hanzo run and turn into a flat piece of paper again shoot under the chicken 's leg to escape . the paper fold back into hanzo to the cheer of the crowd . - hanzo get hit by a fly paper egg shot at he by the chicken . hanzo turn , run , and back - flip over the chicken , lopping off its head with one swipe of he sword . - the patient dad cover the eye of he young daughter , who move he hand , not wishing to miss a beat . hosato oh my ! - the day grow later . hashi cheer wildly and another man gag as kubo continue to entertain the crowd with he performance with hanzo . kubo hanzo be fill with rage , he soul torment by the grief of a family steal from he ... kubo begin play a more ominous tune and paper creep out of he pack , fold as it rise into the air , form the dark silhouette of the Moon King . there 's a gravitas to kubo as he continue . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 11/92 kubo ( cont 'd ) at last , we hero be face to face with he nemesis , the Moon King ! the two paper figure fly up in the air at each other poise for battle , then as they reach fight distance ... bong ! bong ! kubo turn and see the ringing bell . he lower he hand and the origami figure instantly unfold and glide back into he pack . kubo ( cont 'd ) ( smile brightly ) so be sure to come back tomorrow ! he hurriedly gather up he belonging and collect coin as the crowd behind he realize that 's all they be go to get today . they give a murmur of disappointment . hashi what ? oh come on ! people like a end , please ! where be you go ? no .... you can not leave ! ( 0600 fdm ) fade memory int . entrance kubo 's cave - evening just as the bell finish chime , kubo arrive breathlessly at the entrance to the cave , to find he mother still sit there like she have not move at all . he smile gently and sit next to she . they both stare out at the set sun , sink down behind the ocean . the last ray creep down they face until shadow cover they completely . then , mother slowly blink awake . mother ( whisper ) kubo. kubo 's mother look around the cave . mother ( cont 'd ) kubo . kubo yes , mother , I be here . kubo smile softly and take she by the hand . she smile at he . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 12/92 kubo ( cont 'd ) hungry ? she smile and nod . int . dine area kubo 's cave - evening close on a BOWL . mother ( v.o. ) and even though he could barely see he own hand in front of he face , hanzo and he army of loyal samurai press on through the blizzard . they have finish dinner and kubo , the monkey , and little paper samurai sit next to each other watch he mother . she move freely now , remind we of kubo during he story time . we can see where kubo inherite he talent as she pretend to step through the deep snow , she arm in front of she face protect she from imaginary wind . kubo stare intently like a child watch he favorite show . mother and suddenly , as quickly as it have start , the storm clear before he . hanzo breathe a sigh of relief , for he be home ! kubo his fortress ?! the beetle clan Castle ?!! mother yes ! at the very edge of the farland , hide from the Moon King by powerful magic ... kubo and then what happen ? when he get to the castle ? mother when who get to the castle ? kubo hanzo , my father . she be genuinely confuse . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 13/92 mother hanzo ... hanzo be at the castle ? he ... just give I a second ... I be ...no , no ... its go . I can not ... I be sorry , kubo . perhaps I could recall a different story ? this obviously happen a lot ... she memory be deteriorate . kubo try to play it down . kubo mother , what be father like ? mother ( smile ) oh , this one be easy . hanzo be a mighty warrior , skilled with sword and bow ... kubo no . what be he really like ? when he be not fight ... when he be with we . she pause , catch off guard , then smile softly . for the first time , she seem really lucid . mother he be just like you . kubo smile . kubo like I ? mother strong and clever and funny . and oh so handsome ! she lean over and playfully grab he cheek . embarrass , kubo squirm and giggle and push she away . kubo ugh , moth -er ! mother aw , come on ! she get more serious . mother ( cont 'd ) never forget how much he love you , kubo . he die protect we . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 14/92 kubo hesitates , wonder if he should ask the next question . kubo do the Moon King -- mother you grandfather . kubo do grandfather and you sister really kill my father ? it can not be true , can it ? they be family ! his mother be now deadly serious and grab kubo 's shoulder . mother no , they be monster ! grandfather and my sister steal you eye , kubo ! they must never find you again ! never ! you must always stay hide from the night sky , or they will find you and they 's 1ll take you away from I ! promise I you will never let this happen . promise I kubo ! kubo look into mother 's eye and nod timidly . she realize she have go too far and calm a little , back away . she have a think and reach down to the ground , grab the little monkey statue . she hold it up to kubo and speak in a funny voice . mother ( cont 'd ) do not be sad kubo. kubooo ... kubo look up with the hint of a grin . sariatu continue with the voice . mother ( cont 'd ) remember what you must do , kubo ? re - meem - — ber ? kubo keep you with I at all time , Mr. monkey . mother aaand ...? kubo and keep father 's robe on my back at all time . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 15/92 mother yes kubo . and there 's one more thing . never , ever , stay out after dark . she lean across and tickle kubo with the netsuke . mother ( cont 'd ) ( in monkey voice ) re-mem -ber ? kubo yes , Mr. monkey mother good boy . they laugh together , until he mother 's brow suddenly crease and she stop and yawn . it 's clear whatever lucidity be there before have go . kubo see this every night , but it never get easier . kubo bedtime . kubo walk she over to she mat and lay she down . she look up at he , innocent as a child . he sit for a moment longer , watch as he mother drift off to sleep , and then he blow out the candle . fade to black . a beat , and then : ( 0700 mon ) mother 's nightmare int . kubo 's cave - night a skittering sound . kubo 's origami paper start fly off the cave shelf over kubo , lie fast asleep . kubo blink he bleary eye . sit up . CUT wide to reveal the roof of the cave be swim with origami . a constellation of paper body , magically twist and animate all around he in the air . he look over to see he mother on she mat , toss and mumbling in she sleep , clearly in the midst of a intense dream . suddenly awake , he run to he mother . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 16/92 kubo mother , wake up ! you be dream . mother no ... as she wake almost instantly the paper throughout the cave rain down , unfold and crumpled , onto the floor . mother ( cont 'd ) kubo ! kubo , be that you ? kubo yes , mother . I be here . this seem to comfort she . a confuse look come across she face . mother kubo , what happen to you eye ? kubo just look at she sadly and she go back to sleep . kubo be leave stare at the mess of strewn paper , just as before , and now we understand exactly how it all get there . ( 0800 obf ) obon festival ext . central avenue - day we see the market square be once again bustling with activity . everyone wear they finest clothes and the building all around have be decorate with colorful japanese lamp . the Festival be underway . many of the village woman be participate in a elaborate line dance make up of sweeping movement and subtle gesture . they weave and skip past camera , revealing a busy festival scene . kubo stand watch all of this . he rub he eye and yawns . kameyo ( 0.s. ) Paper boy ! here ! here ! kubo turn to see that same old woman . she give a gummy grin and look suspiciously like she may have wash she face . kameyo ( cont 'd ) c'mon , c’mon . come sit next to I . I get we a good spot here . kubo amble sleepily in she direction and sit next to she . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 17/92 kameyo ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? I get myself all spruce up for the big day . kubo awkwardly grin at she . kameyo ( cont 'd ) ahhh ... I do so love the festival . a time to celebrate . y’know , it 's a shame you never stay past sundown . there 's firework and sing and dance and feast of course ... she playfully tickle kubo . kameyo ( cont 'd ) but the best part of all ... the beggar woman grab kubo about the shoulder , draw he in close as she gesture around the square . kameyo ( cont 'd ) do you see that lamp and altar ? we use that to speak to the love one that leave we behind . kubo hear this and he eye widen a little . kameyo ( cont 'd ) we listen to they tale and guide they safe return to the blissful pure land . kubo really ? do you speak to someone ? kameyo yes I do . my husband ! his voice be as clear and loud as the one you use for you storey . ( shrug ) in seventy two year he never have a thing to say . now he 's go , I can not shut he up . she laugh fruitily and kubo 's eye widen more as she word sink in . in the background , the dance conclude to the cheer of the spectator . kameyo ( cont 'd ) you have someone you would like to talk to , huh ? draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 18/92 kubo very much ! kameyo well , what 's stop you ? kubo look around at all the elaborately ornament altar . kubo do not I need a lamp ? kameyo well ... she cackle conspiratorially into he ear . kameyo ( cont 'd ) I bet you could make a really nice one with that paper fold ... thing ... you do . kubo realize what she 's get at . his eye dart this way and that as he mind fill with the possibility . kameyo ( cont 'd ) y’see ? not just a pretty face , huh ? she grin broadly and give he a friendly nudge . kameyo ( cont 'd ) now hurry along ! go ! there 's still time before dark ! go ! get out of here . smiling excitedly , kubo run away through the crowd , pause only to wave at the old woman . ( 0900 mea ) meeting ancestor ext . cemetery - day carry he bag and lamp , kubo emerge from a wood road that open onto a serene cemetery beside a river . replete with beautiful plant and flower , there 's nothing macabre about this peaceful place . dozen of family be gather among the grave marker , set up lamp and altar . nearby , a hosato be teach mari . hashi ( 0.s. ) it 's so great to hear you voice . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string villager 2 ( 0.s. ) we will never forget you . villager 3 ( 0.s. ) it 's time to go . villager 4 we miss you so much . hosato place the lamp at the Alter . ha , very good . mari what do we do next , daddy ? hosato next we pray . we ask she spirit to honor we with its light mari ( loudly ) grandma , will you please honor ... hosato ( smile ) shhh . softly , softly ! kubo find some space and fashion a rough altar from stone . he dump the origami out of he bag , then create a simple yet beautiful lamp from a ivory sheet of paper as he watch the patient dad discuss the ritual with he daughter . then , copying the family , he get on he knee and begin to pray . he speak quietly , awkwardly , under he breath . kubo hello , father . ( then ) I hope you be well . uh. I mean , I know you be dead , but I hope everything be ... okay ... kubo think about that open for a moment . he hate everything that just come out of he mouth . he start over , raise he arm and gesture to he baggy robe . kubo ( cont 'd ) look . it 's you robe ! mother say I ' 1l grow into it . ( after a moment ) she say you be a great leader who die protect I . ( more ) draft : 01.05 . 16 % kubo and the two string 20/92 kubo ( cont 'd ) save one of my eye . two would have be ideal , but ... thanks anyway . he smile to indicate he be joke again , and then feel immediately wretch . he decide to get right to the point . kubo ( cont 'd ) Father , I be worried about mother . with every day that go by , she drift further away . she talk a lot about you , but ... but I just do not know . I do not think she remember what 's real anymore . I do not know what 's real anymore ... kubo ( cont 'd ) I just wish you be here . so I could ... could talk to you ... see you ... find out what I should do . kubo 's prayer be interrupt by a gleeful shout . mari daddy ! daddy ! she 's here ! grandma be here ! kubo look over at the family to see the wick of they lamp suddenly burst into flame . hosato now it 's time for the final part . we have to help she get back to the spirit world . mari oh ! but she just get here . hosato come on . kubo stare back at he lamp for a moment . then he look back up into the air . kubo Father ? hellooo ? he purse he lip . fold he arm impatiently . kubo ( cont 'd ) any time . the family then bring they light lantern down to the river , place it in the water and watch it float out to sea . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 21/92 time pass ... still kubo 's lamp remain steadfastly unlit . the cemetery be practically desert by now . behind kubo in the river , dozen of light lamp be slowly float out to sea as the village bell begin ringing out the fall of night . kubo just stand there defiantly . he glare at he altar , patience spend . he grab he unlit lamp and crumple it up , toss it angrily to the ground . kubo ( cont 'd ) Fine ! I do not need you anyway ! the sun set behind the mountain . int . dine area kubo 's cave - evening kubo 's mother 's eye snap open . mother kubo ! ext . cemetery - dusk the bell stop ringing , and kubo have a change of heart . his contort face soften and he reach down to scoop up the break lamp . feeling vile and foolish he do he best to unfold and smooth out the paper . kubo ( softly ) I ... I be sorry . ( 1100 mts ) meet the sister ! ext . cemetery - wood outside kubo 's village instantly , all along the river , each and every lamp be silently extinguish . wisp of smoke curl from the char wick , join by a seeping fog that roll across the surface of the river from the far bank . this cheerful place have become dark and eerie . whispered voice ( 0.s. ) kuuuuboooooo ! the voice be eerily melodic . it tingles in the air , seemingly from several direction at once . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 22/92 whispered voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) kubo ! kubo look around , heart racing . he follow the direction of the voice and see , across the river , a lone woman clad in flow robe , billow in the breeze . she have long black hair and wear a wide - brimm peasant 's hat pull low so we can not see she face . in she bone white hand she hold a long wooden pipe . this be a sister . the sister Little boy . what happen to you eye ? kubo take a step backwards , sense something be very , very wrong here . the strange woman with the hide face laugh . a horrible , high - pitch sound , join by another nightmarish giggle as a second woman emerge from the shadow , she face also obscure by a wide - brimm hat . this one be the other sister . kubo who be you ? how do you know my name ? the sister we be you family , kubo . you mother 's sister . and we have be look for you for so long . kubo 's eye widen and he take another step back . the sister ( cont ’d ) it be so lovely to meet you , kubo . face to face . as they say this word , they raise they head in unison and look up at kubo to reveal they face be cover by the blank feature and fix smile of terrifying '' noh '' mask . the sister ( cont ’d ) come , kubo . come to you aunty . kubo stand freeze and horrify as they begin glide like the mist across the river towards he . the sister ( cont ’d ) no reason to be afraid , kubo . we just need you other eye . you grandfather admire it so . kubo run . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 23/92 the sister giggle as they watch he bolt along the path toward the village , then one of the sister leisurely bring she long pipe up to the mouth hole of she mask and take a deep puff . the smoke she exhales twist and coalesc into horrible shape that grow and move of they own accord . they be the demon of the pipe , and they be after kubo . kubo tear up the path lead back to the village , shout at the top of he lung . kubo help ! help ! somebody help ! help ! look out ! run ! ( 1200 smd ) smoke demon ext . central avenue - continuous kubo stagger through the gate , lean against it as he find he breath . he go to yell , but he warning be swallow up by shrieking explosion of firework as the festival end in noisy celebration . kubo run ! and then it be too late . as kubo race through the market , the demonic smoke break off from its pursuit of he , roll like a bank of fog into the throng of celebrate villager . in a storm of smoke , fire , and terrify scream , the demon * tear through the square , destroy everything in they path . ( 1300 msd ) mother save the day * ext . mountain path - continuous kubo run for he life up the long path towards he cave . breath come in fevere gasp , he risk a look over he shoulder . his village be ablaze , consume in that terrible smoke , tendril of which be slithering up the hill in he direction . kubo stumble and fall , and before he can scramble back onto * he foot he be surround by the demon . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 24/92 through they writhe , ethereal body he catch sight of he mask aunt , inexorably glide up the path toward he . the sister we be here , kubo . you family have come for you . kubo recoil in horror , but have nowhere leave to run . and then a hand appear out of nowhere , pull kubo 's shamisen out of he bag and strike the string ! the note reverberate , rippling out through the demon like a shock wave . kubo turn to see he mother stand over he . mother kubo ! kubo mother ! mother kubo , you must find the armor ! it 's you only chance ! remember this ! she give he the shamisen and smack the beetle crest on the back of he robe , cause two flap beetle wing to emerge magically from the robe 's fold ! the wing pump furiously , lift kubo up into the air ! kubo clutches at he mother , accidentally tear out a few strand of she hair as he rise up into the sky . the flap wing take he higher and higher , away from the village and towards the ocean . all kubo can do be watch as below , the two mask aunt advance on he mother , one pull a blade chain from she robe , the other draw a menace sword . mother narrow she eye and square off against they , and there 's a strength and power to she that we have never see before . she pull she own sword from she robe and raise it defiantly . and then , as if to conceal the horror from he , kubo 's robe envelope he , cocoon he body and face . the last thing it cover be he one eye , take we to -- black . ( 1400 mky ) meet monkey draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 25/92 ext . snow - cover terrain - blizzard silence , eventually break by the sound of a rise wind , * creep from a whisper to a wail as we slowly fade to : a monkey . a serious monkey . stare right at we . fix expression . this * be not another netsuke charm , but a actual live , breathe * 4 - foot tall monkey , and it shout at he over the wind ina female voice ... monkey kubo ! kubo ! can you hear I , kubo ? kubo stare at the monkey , blink . he immediately shuffles backward through snow . monkey ( cont 'd ) I say , you mother be gone ! you village be destroyed ! burned to the ground ! * monkey advance slowly . monkey ( cont 'd ) we land here in the farland . you enemies aren not far behind ! we * must search for shelter before you * grandfather come . * * he back right into he shamisen . he look around , daze and disorient . * as monkey deliver this rather glum state of the union , kubo happen to look down and realize he be actually sit on a giant sheet of snow - cover ice . * monkey ( cont 'd ) we need to go , now . * she turn , offer kubo she back . * monkey ( cont ’d ) * come on . get up . let 's go . * kubo stand for a second , still in shock , then gather up he shamisen and climb onto monkey 's back . and as monkey race through the snow with kubo on she back , * we pull wider and wider and it become clear that shelter might not be so easy to find , because all we can see be ice and snow for hundred of mile in every direction . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 26/92 ( 1500 sfs ) shelter from the STORM ext . glacier 's edge - dusk monkey and kubo stand in the snow , stare at something . monkey once we be inside , you might be tempt to complain about the odor . CUT to a giant whale carcass , lie ahead of they on the ice . monkey ( cont 'd ) keep in mind , my sense of smell be ten time stronger than yours . with that , as the sun begin to set behind distant mountain of ice , monkey motion for kubo to follow she inside . int . whale carcass - night night have long since fall , and they have make camp inside the whale 's belly , light by a shaft of moonlight and a small fire . kubo look less than thrilled as he huddle amidst freeze innard . with a knitted brow , kubo sit and watch monkey as she tend to a large conch shell balanced over a small cooking fire . she use a splinter of bone to stir at a cloudy liquid simmer inside . monkey you have question . I can tell . kubo nod he head . he open he mouth to speak and monkey put she hand up , interrupt he . kubo who - she hold up three finger . monkey you get three . kubo I think I have more . monkey Three . but first you be gonna eat . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 27/92 kubo why only three ? she hold up one finger . monkey okay , that be you first question . * kubo what ?! I do not understand what 's * happen . who be you ?! monkey you do not recognize I . * kubo stare . she stop stir and turn to assume a pose , * exactly like he netsuke . monkey ( cont ’d ) all this year you have to keep I in you pack . now you know why . kubo but you be a wooden charm ! ( gesture ) you be this big ! he scowl suspiciously . kubo ( cont 'd ) I call that charm Mr. monkey . monkey if I be alive at that point , I might have find that insulting . look , you mother use the last of * she magic to save you and bring I to life . for a moment , kubo do not have anything to say . he simply stare down at the ground with he one eye , glassy in the moonlight . whatever thought be run through he head , he keep they in . whatever emotion might be at work , he bury . monkey watch he thoughtfully and then return to the fire and pour some of the mystery stew into a scavenge clam shell . she hold it in front of kubo . monkey ( cont ’d ) here . drink . kubo stare at the murky liquid . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 28/92 kubo it smell . monkey everything in here smell . drink it . kubo I do not want it . monkey move in closer . monkey I say drink it . kubo stare right back at she . kubo you be a mean monkey , be not you ? monkey yes . yes , I be . and that 's three . you be out of question now , so just listen . I be here to protect you , kubo , and that mean you have to do as I say . so , if you do not eat you will be weak . if you be weak , you will be slow . if you be slow , you will die . kubo seem to accept this . she hold the shell out to kubo again . this time he take it from she . he sip from the bowl . kubo it 's too hot . a little annoyed , monkey take the conch from kubo . blow on it pointedly . hand it back to he . monkey drink . kubo take another sip of the soup , slurping it loudly , provoking a peeve look from monkey . he feign innocence . kubo oh , excuse I . kubo take another sip , deliberately slurping louder , and monkey full on glare at he . dagger . draft : 01.05.16 + eh % kubo and the two string monkey okay , you better start take this seriously , kubo . this be real . this be not a story . that thing , you aunt , they never get hungry . they never sleep . they will find you and if we be not prepare ... they 's 1l kill I and take you other eye . kubo speak , but more timidly now . kubo what be we go to do ? monkey be silent for a second . monkey we be go to find the armor . it 's the only thing that can protect you . kubo so it 's real . really real . monkey nod . 29/92 + h HH hf kubo notice a strand of hair from he mother on he robe and * pick it off . monkey cross over to kubo and try to grab * it . he instinctively jerk away . monkey hold she hand out . monkey do not worry . I be not go to keep it . kubo hand it to she . kubo I pull that from she head . I do not mean to . monkey nimbly twist and knot the hair into a beautiful woven bracelet . monkey you mother be very powerful . she bless you robe so that when the need be most they would fly you away . she use the last of that power to bring I to life . this bracelet , she hair , it 's a memory . memories be powerful thing , kubo . never lose it . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 30/92 she begin tie it around kubo 's wrist and look right into he eye . she cross to the other side of the fire as kubo stare at the woven hair . they sit there , silent silhouettes , shadow flicker off the side of they strange shelter . kubo one more question ? monkey shake she head , admire kubo 's gut . monkey last one . kubo do you know where it be ? the armor ? monkey poke at the fire with a splinter of whalebone . monkey no . no I do not . kubo finally realize the severity of they situation . the uncertainty on he face betray he age and vulnerability . monkey ( cont 'd ) now go to sleep . with a sigh , kubo lie down and roll away from the fire . kubo ( softly ) good night , monkey . monkey watch he for a moment , she stern face finally soften now that kubo can not see she . fade to black . ( 1600 whe ) whale escape int . whale carcass - dawn kubo 's eye blink open to see monkey through the first strain of sunlight , filter in through the blow hole . monkey kubo ... you be talk in you sleep . you be dream ... call out to you father . ( more ) draft : 01.05.16 + eh kubo and the two string 31/92 monkey ( cont 'd ) and then the paper fly out of you * bag and fold itself into ... he . * she be point at a figure , stand smartly to attention at kubo 's foot . it be little hanzo , only bigger , fashioned out of several sheet of paper fold together . still a bit puzzle , kubo step over to inspect the origami . monkey ( cont 'd ) he 's be stand there for hour . quietly judge we . I be not even sure this count as origami . I could swear scissors be involved . kubo reach out to touch the origami , but Little hanzo parry he hand , block it with he paper sword before * march away somewhat huffily . kubo ow ! back home in the cave , it be * my mother 's dream that do this . and the paper always unfold itself by morning . they both look over as Little hanzo climb on top of kubo 's bag and strike a regal pose , point he sword in the direction of the blow hole . monkey what 's that about ? struck by a impulse , kubo suddenly reach forward and turn the bag that Little hanzo be stand on slightly , so that * the figure be now point he sword in a different direction . Little hanzo immediately move back into he * * previous position , point he sword in the direction of the blow hole . * kubo move the origami again , so he 's point away from the * blow hole . and again , Little hanzo immediately move back * into he previous position , point he sword in the * direction of the blow hole . * kubo * * what be you do ? Little hanzo give kubo the origami equivalent of a exasperate glance , then point he sword at kubo , and then towards the blow hole again . he then gesture impatiently with he sword , as if to say , '' come on already , let 's go ! '' +e % kubo and monkey share a glance , realize what this mean . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 32/92 kubo ( cont 'd ) I guess this be how my father answer I . monkey take a breath . monkey I be tempt to say that entrust we fate to the guidance of a small paper man seem like a bad idea . ( shrug ) but it 's the best bad idea we have . * they diminutive guide climb up and out of the blow hole * first , follow closely by kubo and monkey . * ( 1700 pmp ) practice make perfect * ext . foothills - day Little hanzo remain perch on kubo 's shamisen , point the way beyond the glacier 's break edge . the ground rise and roll through a series of foothills step up to a mountainous wall of cliff , upon which snow blaze bright in the midday sun . kubo look up at the sound of melodic chirping above he and spy a bird , flutter overhead . * kubo have never see anything quite like it and lag behind , take up he shamisen . as kubo pluck the string , a few sheet of paper spring up out of he bag , fold themselves into a paper duplicate of the live bird , which soar up to greet its twin . * kubo give a joyous laugh that make monkey stop in she track . she turn , scowling , only to see the boy skip and giggling through the snow as he play he shamisen . a content child , concern momentarily forget . she sit down to watch , allow he this moment of relief . exhilated , kubo play faster on he instrument , and more paper shoot out of he bag , spiraling up and form a glorious cloud of paper bird in the sky . startle , the bird dart away into the cloud . kubo 's bird fly and frolic at he command , glitter in the sunlight , pirouetting through the air in a dazzle dance of paper wing . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 33/92 kubo be thrilled , and from she perch across the way , monkey be also mesmerize . kubo fall on he back , cackling , face up into the bright blue sky as he magnificent flock flutter overhead . and then monkey 's face be look down on he . serious , of course , but also a little curious . monkey you be grow stronger . kubo laugh . he feel it . monkey ( cont 'd ) you might not want to look quite so pleased about that . she sit he up , ushere he onto he foot and brush down he robe . monkey ( cont 'd ) we grow stronger . the world grow more dangerous . life have a way of keep thing balanced . kubo react to this cynical wisdom by make a face . kubo monkey , do you ever say anything encourage ? monkey I encourage you not to die . monkey lick she hand , smooth down kubo 's hair and walk away . kubo ( mock under he breath ) I encourage you not to die . as kubo follow monkey , something spy on they from behind a nearby rock . something big and spiky with freakish claw . its gaze seem to be fix on hanzo origami . unaware , kubo be hatching a mischievous idea . as he walk behind monkey he delicately pluck the string on he shamisen , and one of he paper bird stealthily break away from the flock and dive down from the sky , nip monkey playfully on she backside . monkey whirl around , search for the culprit . but the bird have already soar up and into the cloud again . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 34/92 monkey give kubo a suspicious look . kubo stare back innocently . swat he neck as if kill a bug . kubo ( cont 'd ) mosquitos . Annoying . with no evidence to convict , monkey turn back around . but now kubo notice that , unbidden by he , more bird be swoop down for a second assault on monkey , and as they dive down they reform into three huge paper mosquito . they be already circle monkey , but just as they get close enough to strike , monkey spring into action . without turn around , she shoot out a arm and snatch the first mosquito , grab the second with she foot and launch into a amazing back flip to finish off the third . she approach kubo , smoothing out the crumpled paper . kubo ( cont 'd ) be not I . I swear . she return the paper to kubo 's bag . monkey Paper run out . as do patience . kubo I do not ask they to do that . ( mutter ) the second time . monkey give kubo a skeptical look . kubo ( cont 'd ) I do not . at least , not exactly . I mean , I feel it , but ... monkey Magic be not mean to be easy . you need to learn control . concentrate on what you be do . and always remember ... she lean in real close . monkey ( cont 'd ) do not mess with the monkey . she raise she eyebrow by way of punctuation but remain staunchly straight - face . a beat , and then she nonchalantly turn and resume walk . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 35/92 ext . cliffside - day fragment remnant of colossal statue that once guard the cliff litter the landscape , dwarf monkey and kubo as they approach , monkey endlessly lecture . enormous head peek out of snowdrift . ancient break limb reach among the rock . monkey tread carefully , kubo . this be not one of you storey . kubo do not like hearing this . he lag behind , clamber up the break nose to the eye socket of a wind - wear face . kubo how do you know ? maybe it be . and I be the valiant hero . and you be the mean monkey . her back to he , monkey just continue walk . monkey you may think you be the great hero , but heroes come and go . any moment , something terrible could come out of nowhere and ... she turn she head to confront kubo and trail off . the huge eye socket be empty and kubo be nowhere to be see . kubo ( 0.s. ) monkeyyy ! hear kubo in danger , monkey give a yell of primal fury , and dart across the rock toward the statue . monkey kubo ! she peer down into the hollow head , catch a glimpse of kubo , twenty foot below , be drag down a sheer bank of ice descend into the shadowy bowel of the earth . monkey do not hesitate and jump down into the darkness after he . ( 1800 meb ) meet beetle int . underground tunnel - continuous monkey slide down the incline into a series of ancient cavern carve with the face of god long since forget . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 36/92 spot kubo and kidnapper in the distance , she take off again , a breakneck pursuit through a dank , crumble labyrinth that have not hear footfalls for hundred of year . eventually , monkey turn a corner and skid to a sudden stop . int . beetle 's camp - continuous crouch in front of she be the creature . part giant beetle , part human , shell mimick the silhouette of samurai armor . monkey give a furious roar and rush toward the creature . kubo monkey ! wait ! kubo suddenly step out of the darkness right in front of she , hand raise , cause she to stop in she track . kubo ( cont 'd ) he be not try to hurt I . he just want ... hanzo . kubo motion down to the beetle and it become clear the creature be not crouching low to fight , but to get a better look at Little hanzo , there on the ground . beetle ( mutter to himself ) hanzo ? hanzo ... monkey , still wild - eye and catch she breath , glare from kubo to the creature . monkey I still think I be go to stab he . they watch as beetle , utterly transfix , reach out a claw to gently touch hanzo origami . the figure seem to like he , strolling right on to he arm . kubo why must you always assume the worst ? monkey well , pardon I for misjudge this giant , spiky , insect - monster that just kidnap you . kubo ignore she . he 's watch beetle intently . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 37/92 beetle hanzo ! yes ! I remember he . I think maybe ... he be my master ! kubo what ? what do you say ? for the first time , beetle appear to register kubo and monkey 's presence . he look up at they , and there 's something a little unhinge about he eye . beetle we have a crest ! a samurai crest ! he suddenly leap up and enthusiastically dig into the pile of scavenge object , pull loose the fabric which he flourish in front of kubo and monkey . it 's a large samurai war banner , emblazon with the familiar beetle emblem . beetle ( cont 'd ) have you see this crest before ? wordlessly , kubo turn to show beetle the same crest on the back of he robe . beetle 's eye light up with excitement . beetle ( cont 'd ) this be a MIRACLE ! you have our robe ! you 're wearing our robe ! ( suddenly suspicious ) why be you wear we robe ? before kubo can answer , monkey interrupt . monkey he do not have to answer you question . anyway , who be you ? beetle many year ago I be curse , trap in this curse state . curse to wander the farland . curse ! or cur-se . as beetle talk , kubo cast a curious eye over the scattered object . many have the beetle crest on they . he admire a bow and arrow lean against the wall . beetle ( cont 'd ) no comrade . no master . not even a name or a single memory of the noble warrior I once be . kubo you use to be a man ? draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 38/92 beetle not just any man ... a samurai ! I mean , I be pretty certain . look , I have the stuff . ( trail off ) I mean , I be either a samurai or a really bad hoarder . ( rally ) either way , inside my thorax beat the heart of a warrior ! monkey ( still suspicious ) if you have no memory , how can you be certain of anything ? beetle because I get ... flash . they come about from object I find on my travel . or sometimes it 's a sound . or a smell . monkey sniff the air . monkey ( mutter ) you must get a lot of flash . beetle look sadly at Little hanzo on he shoulder . beetle but the memory , they fade , and all I be leave with be the sense that I be once part of something much great . kubo look up at beetle sympathetically , and then turn to monkey with a plead face . kubo monkey ! can I tell he ? monkey I really do not think that 's a good idea ... rapid cutting between kubo and monkey : kubo monkey ( cont 'd ) he have a right ... absolutely not ! draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 39/92 kubo monkey ( cont 'd ) but ... no but ! kubo monkey ( cont 'd ) I ... no ! kubo open he mouth . monkey hold up a finger . beetle what ? tell I what ? kubo turn very deliberately to face beetle . kubo hanzo be my father . monkey kubo ! beetle 's eye be wide . beetle ha ! this be a miracle ! I have found the son of my master ! beetle scoops kubo up into a ecstatic hug , dance he around in a circle , then go to do the same with monkey . monkey do not even . he decide against it and go and hug kubo again instead , then abruptly drop to he knee in front of the boy . beetle whatever bring you to this land , whatever you quest , it be now my quest too . I will join you . i'1l give my life for you if necessary ! kubo wow . you will ? beetle ( nodd vigorously ) what ? do you think that 's possible ? I mean , I know how quest go . people die all the time . they drop like fly . but that do not matter , because I have a feel this ... be my destiny ! draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 40/92 monkey no it be not ! we can not trust anything you say , because you can not trust anything you say ! we do not know anything about you ! kubo pluck a few note on he shamisen and a paper bird fly in between monkey and beetle to get they attention . kubo monkey , you say it yourself , we quest be a difficult one . a samurai , even a curse one with no memory that look like a bug , could be helpful . beetle yes , I be certain I could be helpful ! indispensable ! monkey in what way ?! snatch up he bow & arrow , beetle suddenly launch a arrow into the wall . monkey ( cont ’d ) firing a arrow into a wall be hardly what I have call ... beetle fire four more arrow rapidly , split the first down the middle . monkey ( cont ’d ) ..- impressive . beetle oh , look at that . literally the first time I have ever do it . he drop to he knee in front of kubo , all earnest . beetle ( cont 'd ) just tell I of we quest , and I will quickly demonstrate my numerous ... '' indispensability . '' kubo well , that 's kind of a long story . beetle you have get my attention . I promise I will not even blink . ( more ) draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 41/92 beetle ( cont 'd ) I actually do not even think I can blink . do I have eyelid ? monkey roll she eye and take a breath , know she be not go to win this one . monkey Fine . walk and talk . hanzo have find a path . she gesture at the little origami guide , who have position himself further along the tunnel and be point the way with he sword . int . underground tunnel , dead end as they make they way through the labyrinthine tunnel , we catch up on the end of kubo 's story . beetle be obviously enjoy what he 's hearing . monkey , less so . beetle so you use to be a toy monkey ?! monkey kubo , I really do not see how this part be important to the story . kubo yes ! I keep she in my pocket . she be only , like , this big ... monkey kubo , that 's enough . kubo tiny . and she be call Mr. monkey . monkey ( sulky ) I be not a toy , I be a charm . beetle bark out a laugh . beetle of course you be . suddenly , Little hanzo leap from kubo 's shoulder , run ahead to a bend in the tunnel and slip through a crack in the wall . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 42/92 beetle break through the wall to follow he , but as they round the corner a horrifying monument be reveal : a giant and grotesque relief carve into the rock wall . it 's a dead end , but hanzo continue to point steadfastly ahead . beetle ( cont 'd ) well , that do not look good . kubo approach the wall , squinting he eye . beetle be close behind he , but monkey hold back . monkey do not touch anything ! but beetle be already run he hand over the rock , and beside he kubo be prodding he finger into the conspicuous empty eyehole of one of the carve creature . there 's a ominous click . beetle and kubo turn to monkey , guilt write all over they face . beetle point at kubo . beetle he do it . and then the floor fall away beneath they and they plummet into darkness . ( 2100 odo ) odokuro int . hall of bone - continuous in a confusion of limb and scream they hit solid ground . a beat , and then kubo and monkey slowly begin to extricate themselves from a heap on the ground . kubo hear a series of grunt behind he . beetle be lie on he back , rock back and forth on he carapace like a strand turtle in a futile effort to get back on he foot . beetle okay ... monkey sigh and walk away , leave kubo to offer a help hand . beetle wave he away . beetle ( cont 'd ) no , no , no ! he rock back and forth a few more time . he have be red in the face if he be not already . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 43/92 beetle ( cont 'd ) yes . * kubo reach over and help he up . monkey * kubo , look ! * they catch up with monkey and the three take in they surroundings -- the chamber be vast , with a shadowy vault ceiling above and a floor cover in a wall to wall carpet of enormous bleach bone . tibias , fibulas , ulnas , all pile on top of each other in a tangle heap . whatever creature they belong to be huge . in the center of the chamber , glow balefully under a shaft of light , be a giant disembody skeletal hand , and on its palm rest a beautiful golden sword . % kubo the sword unbreakable ! kubo step forward towards the hand , but monkey reach out * and hold he back . * monkey it could be a trap . beetle allow I . * kubo back away as beetle scuttle toward the hand . monkey ( hiss ) what ? it 's not a trap if you do it ?! beetle stealth be my middle name . * monkey you do not even have a first name ! beetle do not worry ! I get this ! reaching the hand he carefully reach across the bony palm , * and with a impressive amount of dexterity manage to grasp the sword 's hilt . he raise the sword triumphantly and turn to kubo . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 44/92 beetle ( cont 'd ) ha , ha , ha , ha ! the mighty beetle * be victorious ! * almost instantly , the finger of the hand start to move and * close . * beetle ( cont 'd ) ah ! * a eerie clicking sound echoe through the chamber as the ground beneath beetle 's foot begin to shake . the bone be twist and jittering of they own accord and rise up . * monkey and kubo hop around try to retain they balance as the bone lurch and dance under they . * beetle hurry back to he companion , who be stare up over he shoulder into the shadow of the ceiling . two fire be float high above they ... the burn eye of a giant skull , peer down as the other bone lock together and begin to form a horrifying skeletal body , many storey high . beetle ( cont 'd ) I do not get this .... I do not get this ... fully form , the odokuro come to life with a bloodcurdle shriek , and turn he attention to the three trespasper . monkey oh , for cry out loud . * she snatch the sword from beetle , and rush forward . monkey ( cont 'd ) I invoke the sword unbreakable ! monkey leap , bring the sword down across the odokuro 's leg in a impressive slashing movement , but the blade of the '' unbreakable '' sword shatter into a thousand piece . monkey land stunne , stare at the empty hilt . monkey ( cont 'd ) it break . * beetle so do it just mean the handle , * or ..? I be a little disappointed * with the magic sword ... * draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 45/92 monkey it 's not the right sword , you idiot ! poke out of kubo 's bag right beside he ear , Little hanzo point he sword up to the top of the odokuro 's skull . kubo look ! kubo point , as the odokuro scream and the flame in he eye explode with fury , fully illuminate he head . for the first time , everyone see he ghoulish crown : dozen of sword lodge excalibur - style in he skull . beetle the sword ! it 's in he head . hey ! I have get a bone to pick with you ! ( to monkey ) you see , because he 's make of bone . monkey you be a embarrassment . beetle let loose a stream of arrow , one after the other , but they bounce harmlessly off its bone or just fly straight through the gap . beetle uh. this be problematic . odokuro 's outstretch hand reach down and scoops monkey up into the air . beetle unleash another volley of arrow . they zip past monkey 's head as she be lift higher . monkey enough with the arrow ! monkey grab at sword from the odokuro 's skull and smashes they against the hand that be hold she . each sword shatter on impact . odokuro dangle monkey over he awful maw , scream in triumph , but before he can swallow she there 's another sound . a melodic bird song , like we hear earlier , and it signal a entire flock of paper bird , flutter out of the shadow and circle odokuro 's head in a angry squall . below on the temple floor , kubo play he shamisen for all he be worth , maneuver the origami assault while beetle watch on in disbelief . draft : 01.05.16 * kubo and the two string 46/92 odokuro stomp its giant foot down , narrowly miss kubo . beetle draw back he bow and challenge the creature . the paper bird dive and swoop and odokuro shriek with frustration , swiping and swatting at they . odokuro wave he arm , swatting bird out of the air . he flail madly , dance back and forth across the temple floor . kubo be in danger of be crush by odokuro 's stomping foot , but beetle throw himself through the air , cover kubo as the odokuro 's foot come down . beetle oh , foot ! a beat , and then both beetle and kubo realize they be hover a few foot above the floor . they be stunne to see a pair of wing buz out from beneath beetle 's shell . kubo you can fly ?! beetle apparently , yes ! beetle be no less surprised but do not waste any time . with a quick flex of he new wing muscle , he rocket they further up into the air , careen wildly towards the beast . monkey watch , dumbfounded , as they crash upon the skull beside she . odokuro roar in outrage , as kubo and beetle pull at the remain sword , frantically try to find the real deal . beetle ( cont 'd ) be you sure it be not the sword unfindable ? beetle 's hand grab a hilt that will not budge . he give it a tug , but the blade be stick tight . beetle ( cont 'd ) I think I find it ! he pull at it again . and again . with increase effort . he turn over he shoulder and yell , he voice crack . beetle ( cont 'd ) a hand here !?! anyone ! ? draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 47/92 and suddenly odokuro 's skeletal hand oblige , snatching he up in its bony finger , leave kubo alone upon the creature 's skull . beetle ( cont 'd ) ah ! that 's not what I mean . odokuro gleefully squeeze beetle and monkey in each hand , give a victorious howl as it lift they towards its open mouth . kubo reach for the sword but be throw into the air by the odokuro 's movement . monkey kubo ! as kubo be fly through the air , a arrow zip by and pin he robe to the wall , save he from the fall . kubo 's robe start to rip and he begin to fall again . monkey frees herself from the beast 's grip and race up the skeleton to save kubo . just before she get to he , the odokuro 's hand grab she again . monkey ( cont ’d ) kubo ! kubo monkey ! kubo 's robe rip fully and he fall towards the ground far below . monkey no ! beetle kubo ! kubo fall and land on the odokuro 's skull . he begin smash every hilt lodge in the skull until he find the sword unbreakable and give it a hard pull , finally yanking it free . odokuro suddenly stop in he track , look confuse . both monkey and beetle look up and see kubo stand victorious , the sword unbreakable in he hand . beetle ( cont 'd ) thank goodness that 's over . the odokuro begin come apart , bone by bone , as if the sword be the linchpin that be hold it all together ! draft : 01.05.16 a % kubo and the two string 48/92 kubo 's smile of satisfaction quickly fade as he realize the monster be literally crumble beneath he foot , and he 's a really long way up ... in a rain of break bone that crash to the ground , we heroes topple helplessly down . ( 2200 ats ) argument on the shore ext . the long lake shore - day beetle , carry monkey and kubo , fly out of the Hall of Bones and crash land on the beach below . beetle lie on he side as monkey squat behind he , slapping mud and leave onto he wounded wing as a bandage . Little hanzo sit on the horn crest of he helmet , sway every time beetle wince . they be on the shore of a vast lake that stretch so far into the distance that it 's hard to pick out the horizon from the sky . all around , great barnacle - encrust driftwood wreck tell tale of feckless fisherman dash against the rock . beetle everything ...turn ... black ... monkey then open you eye . beetle uh oh . I can not feel my wing . monkey you do not even know you have they five minute ago . stop wriggle . there ... be that feel better ? beetle squirm under she touch , like she 's give hima massage . beetle yeah , a little to the leave . down just a bit . right there . that 's good . a surprising think dawns on he . beetle ( cont 'd ) you be be nice to I . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 49/92 monkey shh . do not tell anyone . see beetle be awake , kubo run excitedly along the water 's edge , wave the sword unbreakable above he head and shouting . kubo we do it , beetle ! we get the sword ! monkey eye he sidelong as she finish dress beetle 's wound . monkey put that down , it 's sharp . kubo make a face behind she back and kick he foot through the loose pebble at the water 's edge . monkey ( cont 'd ) okay . we be do here . get up . she slap beetle gently on the back and he wince with pain . monkey ( cont ’d ) we have a lot of walk to do . beetle you can not be serious . monkey I be always serious . kubo groans . kubo be you two go to fight again ? monkey of course not ! we just need to have a grow - up conversation . kubo you be go to fight again . beetle kubo , just go over there and ... uh ... play with something . kubo pick up the sword unbreakable . monkey not that . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 50/92 he grab he shamisen instead and stomp away , sit down upon a rock where he pluck moodily at the string . beetle turn back to monkey and hiss quietly . beetle monkey , this be the Long Lake . we can not walk around it ! we need to swim across . I can carry kubo ... monkey cut he off . monkey '' carry kubo '' ?! that 's you better idea ? look , I appreciate you help , I really do , but when it come to the boy , I know what 's best . beetle be that right ? monkey and what 's best be to not be field idea from a talk cockroach . beetle this come from the talk monkey . kubo ( 0.s. ) I can still hear you , y’know . monkey then play louder . kubo scowl . his finger dance across the string . unseen by monkey and beetle , some of the scattered leave and twig begin to wobble and shift and rise off the ground . monkey ( cont ’d ) this conversation be over . monkey do not swim . beetle ( grin ) not to worry . monkey see , monkey do ! monkey growls , shaking she head . monkey how long have you be wait to say that ? draft : 01.05.16 * kubo and the two string 51/92 beetle ( alt ) ever since I meet you . what be we ' grow - up conversation 's - ing about ? monkey you be ridiculous , you be just absolutely ridiculous . ridiculous ! cross the lake be a ridiculous idea . it 's not you fault ... there 's no sense leave in you head . beetle ( frown ) I think I resent that . ( a afterthought ) and I may not know everything ... monkey anything . beetle anything . but I do know kubo be more capable than you think he be ! you be be a tiny bit overprotective here . monkey I be be a lot overprotective here . it 's my job to make sure kubo be safe . and that ... ( point to the lake ) -..- be not safe . you ... ( point at beetle ) ++. be not safe ! bigger piece of debris be shifting now . hunk of rotten driftwood and uproote bush . they float and twist behind monkey 's back toward kubo as he continue play . monkey ( cont 'd ) kubo be just a child ! beetle and a incredibly gift one ! he just save we life ! monkey yes , he be very powerful , but he still have much to learn ! monkey stop . beetle be stare over she shoulder with he mouth open . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 52/92 monkey ( cont 'd ) what ? she turn around to see what he 's look at . drifting out from the shallow behind the rock be a huge and magnificent '' origami '' boat , create entirely out of magically beach comb detritus ! beetle fast learner . he nudge monkey , whose jaw be also hang open . hanzo origami eye the boat up and down , then give he seal of approval by confidently point he sword at the deck . beetle ( cont 'd ) ( to kubo ) do you know you could do that ? kubo think for a beat . then , he pluck a final note and a massive sail woven from leave and grass suddenly unfurl , billow in the morning breeze . monkey look at kubo . she 's not smile exactly , but there 's a hint of pride . monkey show off . one by one we heroes hop aboard the great boat . and as the sun rise higher in the sky , the boat sail away across the water . ( 2300 kub ) kubo 's boat ext . kubo 's sail boat - the long lake - afternoon we can tell we heroes have be sailing for some time now . the boat be a tiny speck on the vast lake . beetle and kubo stand near the side of the boat . beetle be lean over kubo 's diminutive shoulder , help he draw back he bow and take aim . beetle okay now , take a deep breath . clear you mind ... guess I get that part cover . he throw kubo a wink . kubo grin . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 53/92 beetle ( cont 'd ) now draw back slowly . that 's it . now close one eye ... guess you have get that part cover ... kubo giggle and give beetle a mock shove with he elbow . beetle ( cont 'd ) concentrate on what be directly in front of you and let everything else fall away ... aaand ... release ! angle on a fish swim just under the surface of the water as it be suddenly spear by one of beetle 's arrow . beetle ( cont 'd ) perfect shot ! perfect shot ! * monkey knuckle up behind beetle and sit down , smirk . monkey not bad . and what 's you plan for get the fish into the boat so we can actually eat it ? we see the fish float past camera , then sink into the water . beetle look a little deflate but rally with he typical bravura . beetle well , I say I be teach he how * to shoot , not fish . fishing be , uh , * tomorrow 's lesson . * still smirk , monkey swipe another arrow out of he hand . monkey give I that . beetle woah , grabby monkey . * monkey reach into kubo 's pack pull out a length of rope which she tie to the arrow , grin slyly and clearly enjoy herself . monkey now try it . beetle take the arrow off she , then reach around to help kubo draw back the bow . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 54/92 beetle okay , now pull back and ... Zip ! bullseye ! another fish harpoon . kubo and beetle both let out a cheer . beetle ( cont 'd ) ( to monkey ) the rope be a pretty good idea ! the rope on the arrow tighten and beetle yank the fish into the boat . monkey and you be not a awful shot . kubo eye the two of they , smirk . kubo okay , now you two be be weird . ext . boat deck -minute later beetle and kubo drop they haul of fish onto the deck . beetle start look around , like he 's try to find something . beetle we be gonna need something to cut this wi-- there 's a swish of air and the fish be transformed into perfectly cut sashimi . beetle and kubo stare at monkey . she shrug . monkey sword unbreakable . they all sit down together . it 's a nice , quiet , gentle moment . we three heroes , eat under the sun . kubo sit right between beetle and monkey , but he be not really eat . beetle , on the other hand , be stuff he face . hanzo origami stand on he lap , use he tiny paper sword to lance chunks of fish from a makeshift plate and toss they up into beetle 's open mouth . monkey watch sourly . monkey ( cont 'd ) must you play with you food ? she grimace as beetle reply with a full mouth . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 55/92 beetle yes . he notice kubo look at they with a odd look on he face . beetle ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter , kubo ? you act like you have never have a meal sit between a monkey and a beetle before . kubo I have never have a meal sit between anyone before . monkey 's face soften . monkey come on . eat . you need energy . and this be much better than whale soup . kubo smile . take a bite of food . beetle chew thoughtfully as he stare at kubo now , clearly think about he comment . beetle kubo , question : before you start on you heroic quest , what be you like ? kubo well , I look after my mother , mostly . and I tell storey . about mighty warrior seek revenge , with battle and monster and magic . I be pretty good at tell they . not so good at end they . there 's silence for a moment and kubo seem lose in recollection . kubo ( cont 'd ) sometimes I would tell my mother storey about little thing . like skim rock across the river . or catch firefly in the mulberry field . both monkey and beetle have stop eat and listen intently as kubo go on , he voice quieter . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 56/92 kubo ( cont 'd ) and when I tell that storey I could see she eye be mostly clear . I could tell she see I , really see I . and I could see she too . her real self . her spirit . try to find its way out . it be beautiful . monkey & beetle look at each other , not quite sure how to respond to this . finally , it be beetle who offer ... beetle you know something , kubo ? back when you just tell storey ... before you go on this great adventure , you be still very much a hero . kubo look up at beetle , like the sound of that . monkey do too . she give beetle a approve nod . they go back to eat . sitting a bit closer together now . we hold on the moment , savore it , until ... ... it 's interrupt by the distant sound of thunder . monkey turn sharply and leap onto the mast . she clamber to the top where she sit like a silent sentinel . mountainous thundercloud roll across the distant horizon ; a black smudge beneath a vast fiery sky . a storm be come and the sun be sink into the ocean . monkey we be go to have to head for shore . find a hide place . and ... monkey have now switch focus to the bow of the ship . monkey drop down to the deck as kubo and beetle turn to see hanzo origami stand on the very end of the ship point into the dark water . kubo and beetle walk towards hanzo . kubo the second piece of armor ! monkey the breastplate - it 's down there ? beetle okay , I get it . draft : 01.05.16 * kubo and the two string 57/92 immediately , beetle turn , about to leap into the ocean . kubo beetle , wait ! beetle do not worry , beetle can hold they breath underwater for a very long time . monkey what ?! since when ? * beetle * it 's a well know fact , monkey . * monkey * you do not remember anything at all , but beetle swim ... that 's what stick in there ? * kubo no , beetle . my mother tell I a * story about the Long Lake . there 's * something under the water . * beetle oh , yeah ? what kind of something ? kubo she say there be a Garden of eye . eye that stare into you . into you soul . they show you secret , thing to keep you down there with they ... forever ! beetle and monkey stare at he a moment . beetle resume he swagger , a little hesitantly . beetle okay . well , I will not look directly into anyone 's eye . even if I be be incredibly sincere . before he leap in , he look at monkey and wink . beetle ( cont 'd ) you be gonna miss I , monkey . * and then he 's go , disappear under the wave with a splash . * draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 58/92 monkey ( quietly ) be careful . ( 2350 hsu ) hunter split up ext . snow - cover terrain - dusk a tiny fragment of cloth flutter in the wind , obscure by a * squall of snow . we angle down to follow its erratic path , * revealing where we be -- it 's the same spot where kubo and monkey first crash -land . the scrap of cloth be abruptly spear by a metal spike attach to a long chain . at the other end of it be the sister , drift through the blizzard . a sister wind in the scrap of kubo 's robe and nod . sister 1 he 's search for the armor . just * like he insolent father . sister 2 yes , sister . then we must ensure he do not find what remain . they nod to each other and turn away , lift off into the shadow in opposite direction . ( 2400 ABB ) above / below ext . kubo 's sail boat - the long lake - night rain be pour down now , building into a full blow storm . kubo stare down at the water while monkey stare up at the moon , barely visible behind the rumbling cloud . both be clearly concerned . kubo ( shouting ) monkey , I think he’s in trouble . we * should help he . * monkey stare upwards as lightning crackle far above they . monkey kubo , you aunt be still out there . I ’m sorry , but we have to * head for shore . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 59/92 there 's a splash of water behind she , and when she turn around kubo have vanish . monkey ( cont 'd ) kubo ! monkey grab the sword unbreakable , then she too move to dive off the boat . as she jump something snag she ankle and yank she violently back across the deck . her leg be ensnare in a chain , and a flash of lightning reveal the grim silhouette of a mask sister , hold the other end of it as she float above the boat . the sister stare down at monkey , she whisper inexplicably audible over the sound of the storm . sister look at this . I come fishing and all I reel in be a stinking ape . she glide closer . sister ( cont 'd ) how pathetic that this filthy creature be all that 's leave of my sister 's magic . monkey this filthy creature will tear you apart ! she suddenly spring forward , attack with the sword unbreakable . underwater kubo swim through column of kelp and school of flitting fish . they scatter as lightning flash far above . a unnatural light , glow between the inky strand , beckon kubo deeper . he push he way through the kelp and there , suspend in the sea , be the second piece of armor ! a golden , shimmer breastplate , unmove by the current ; a white hot beacon in the black abyss . kubo swim faster , reach out for the breastplate . he then slide he body into it , the armor magically shrink to fit he . draft : 01.05.16 * a % kubo and the two string 60/92 he turn to swim back to the surface , but as he do , a second , more sinister glow glint off the breastplate . it 's a giant , luminous eye atop a serpentine stalk that undulate with a thousand leg . before he can stop himself , kubo be stare directly into it . his eye widen . his limb fall limp by he side . he be transfix . the sea creature 's body slither closer and its dreadful arm open to embrace he . water' surface the storm rage . as do the battle on the boat between monkey and the sister . lightn and thunder tear apart the sky as monkey dodge blow after blow of the sister 's terrible chain . beneath they foot the boat 's deck be beginning to crack and unfold , the magic bind it together start to fade . monkey kubo ! the sister 's chain fly out and wrap around monkey . the sister reel she in . sister I have crush creature who could fit this world on they fingernail . this victory bring I no honor . as the sister move to strike , monkey kick she and frees herself from the chain . monkey imagine how you be go to feel when you lose . monkey '' parkour '' herself onto the mast , flipping over the sister 's head and landing right beside the sword unbreakable . sister I feel loss only once . monkey grab the sword and immediately launch into a frenzied assault of she own . sister ( cont 'd ) eleven year ago , I lose my sister . draft : 01.05.16 +e hf % kubo and the two string 61/92 the sister be now the one dodging the blow , desperately try to regain the offensive . sister ( cont 'd ) she fall in love with a fool and betrayed we father . they remain lock in combat , the boat 's slow disintegration force they to become increasingly acrobatic . sister ( cont 'd ) she be a ungrateful coward ! monkey move to strike a death blow , but the sister suddenly vanish into the darkness of the torrential rain . monkey turn on the spot , surround by echoing giggle , as lightning flash reveal strobing glimpsis of the sister through the whipping sail . monkey who 's the coward now ? the sister 's familiar porcelain mask slowly rise into frame directly behind monkey ... the sister lunge at she with a roar . monkey pivot and raise she sword but as she parry one piece of the break chain , the other coil around she body and drive she into the deck . beetle emerge from the water , triumphantly hold a arrow above he head . it 's the one with the fish impale upon it . beetle I get it ! I get it . monkey and the sister look up as beetle clamber onto the deck , proudly wield he skewer fish . monkey beetle ! what happen ? where 's kubo ? beetle ummm ... . the sister take advantage of monkey 's distraction and attack . the sword be flung from monkey 's hand and lodge in the side of the boat near beetle with a twang . draft : 01.05.16 a % kubo and the two string 62/92 beetle frown , clearly confuse . the sister have turn she attention to he , glide across the deck . he cast aside the arrow and pull free the sword unbreakable , squaring he shoulder and ready to fight . the sister attack beetle and disarm he before she be lassoed by she own chain with monkey wield the other end . monkey furiously whip the sister through the air , hit she against the mast . monkey get back down there ! he 's in trouble ! beetle I get it . beetle take one last , deep breath , and dive off the boat back into the water . underwater the ningen drag kubo down deeper and deeper into the water , its eerie light illuminate kubo 's face while indecipherable whisper chatter through the gloom . as they descend , the light reveal a massive form beneath they ; a giant mouth , rimmed with thousand of razor sharp tooth , surround by dozen more of that stare eye . whish ! a arrow puncture the glow eye , and the lake be fill with scream as beetle appear through the water . he follow up with a volley of arrow , spearing one eyeball after another . kubo be suddenly release from the Sea creature 's grasp , and blink himself awake , but he 's out of air and fade fast . with a last exhalation of bubbles , he eye roll back in he head . beetle see this and swim towards kubo . ext . kubo 's sail boat - the long lake - raging STORM the boat be in shamble now , tear into little more than step stone for monkey and the sister as they fight . sister it never fail to amaze I , how the creature down here fight so hard , just to die another day . draft : 01.05.16 + eh % 4 hhh HH of + eh * * kubo and the two string 63/92 monkey down here , there be day worth fight for . sister there be nothing down here worth anything ! monkey see the sword unbreakable at the other end of the boat and run for it . just as she reach it , the sister 's chain ensnare she . she continue to crawl towards the sword and a thin trickle of blood begin to stain the white of she fur . sister ( cont 'd ) it 's pathetic what happen to my sister . I look up to she . she be so strong . Love make she weak . monkey no . it make I stronger . monkey take advantage , and with a savage burst of strength she spring into the air , and raise the sword unbreakable for its kill blow ... underwater beetle be just a few foot from the surface , drag the unconscious kubo when he see the sister 's crack mask sink down past he , disappear into the darkness of the water . water' surface beetle 's head break the surface , and he look around to see the scattered and fragment remain of kubo 's boat . monkey ( 0.s. ) over here ! monkey be crouch on a float chunk of boat , no more than a few foot wide , wave she arm to get beetle 's attention . beetle drag kubo through the water over to monkey and haul he limp body up onto the wreckage of the boat . monkey shake he by the shoulder but he do not stir . beetle the eye . it be the eye ! they have he in a trance . draft : 01.05.16 +e hf ff * % kubo and the two string 64/92 monkey no , no , no ! come on , come on , kubo ! wake up ! please wake up ! please , please , wake up . it 's gonna be alright . it 's gonna be alright . I be here . I be right here . then , slowly but steadily , beetle and monkey notice the piece of the boat be beginning to reassemble around they . realizing what this mean , they both look down at kubo again . he cough weakly , he eye close , and mutter as if catch in a dream . kubo I see ... beetle what ? what do you see ? kubo open he eye and look directly up at monkey . kubo I see ... mother . monkey my son . monkey just reach down and pull kubo up into a enormous , tearful hug . beetle watch this embrace with a almost comical level of astonishment as the boat continue to fold back together , and as that magnificent sail unfurl , once again ... dissolve to : ( 2500 sys ) mother & hanzo 's story ext . the long lake shore - night the storm have finally come to a end as kubo 's boat calmly reach the shore of the Long Lake . beetle ( 0.s . ) so you must look more like you dad then ? draft : 01.05.16 +e * hf % * kubo and the two string 65/92 int . cave that remind US of home - night kubo , and beetle sit around a campfire , they attention be fix on monkey as she fuss around the cave , try to avoid eye contact . after a while the weight of they collective gaze provoke a * response . monkey you be stare . let I guess . you * have question . * monkey sigh and stop what she 's do . kubo and beetle nod * they head in unison . kubo why - * beetle I will start . first question , if I be * beetle , and you be monkey , why be not he call '' Boy '' ? monkey oh boy . question can wait . we need sleep . monkey spot kubo 's eye on she and for a moment she hold he gaze . she smile , but it be tinged with sadness , as though she would like to explain further but can not find the word . kubo tell we you story . then we can sleep . please ? hear this last word , monkey hesitates . she smile and * relent , shaking she head in defeat as she knuckle closer . monkey okay . perhaps you can help I ... she take kubo 's shamisen from beside he bag and slide it across the ground toward he . he pick it up , and pluck a couple of note . monkey ( cont ’d ) * the night I meet you father ... she hesitates . kubo mother ? draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 66/92 monkey take a deep , solemn breath . monkey my sister and I go to the Temple of Bones to kill hanzo . a moment of stunne silence . kubo be still stare , in shock , bachi pick poise upon the shamisen string . monkey raise she eyebrow at he and clear she throat . kubo oh. right . he begin pluck the shamisen string again , and a delicate tune begin to play . immediately all around the cave , pebble and twig and fish bone and stalactite all begin to tremble and move . just like when the sail boat form , they dance and weave through the air to illustrate she story , become a kind of makeshift planetarium depict the night sky . monkey at the bid of the Moon King , my sister and I have come down from the night sky and kill many noble warrior . you grandfather tell we that any man who find the magical armor would grow too powerful and be a threat to the heaven . that night I arrive at the Temple before my sister . and there he be . the mighty hanzo . the object of the cave form a elaborate tableau of hanzo first meeting mother in the Temple of Bones . monkey ( cont ’d ) '' you have offended my father , '' I tell he . '' now you must die . '' beetle yeah , that 's so you . kubo nudge he with he elbow . kubo beetle ! shhh ! the tableau hanzo face mother , sword draw . she fall upon he with she own sword , robe and hair writhe about she . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 67/92 monkey we fight . hanzo be strong . but then he stop . he look into my eye and uttere four simple word . this word change everything . a breathless beat . beetle '' I love you ... monkey ? '' monkey '' you be my quest , '' he whisper . I have see the wonder of the universe , but the warmth of he gaze as I look into he eye ... that I have never know . it be he humanity I see . and it be more powerful than anything in my cold realm ! hanzo and mother dance , hold each other closely . monkey ( cont ’d ) in recognize he compassion I recognize my own . I spare he life . he give I mine . kubo stare at the new tableau that have form : mother & hanzo hold baby kubo in they arm . monkey ( cont ’d ) and then he give I you . meanwhile , baby kubo smile happily , blink both he bright eye . whatever happen to he eye , have not go down yet . monkey ( cont ’d ) but you grandfather find we . the origami family fall lifeless into monkey 's hand . monkey ( cont ’d ) his rage at my betrayal shook the heaven . and then the float debris suddenly stop in place , roll gently in the air a beat before unravel and fall lifeless to the cave floor . kubo have stop play the shamisen . draft : 01.05.16 * + eh kubo and the two string 68/92 monkey ( cont 'd ) you father and he army give they life , allow I to escape with you in my arm . + eh * kubo look at the shred paper in front of he . kubo why do grandfather hate I ? monkey stroke she hand through he hair . monkey oh , kubo . he do not hate you . he * want to make you just like he . blind to humanity , as I once be . only then can you take you place beside he as part of he family ... cold and hard and '' perfect '' . kubo close he eye tight . kubo I will never be like he ! never ! * monkey I know . they sit in silence and , after a moment , monkey realize he have fall asleep in the safety of she arm . she rise and carry he over to a corner where she use he robe to tenderly tuck he in . monkey ( cont 'd ) he 's exhaust . beetle I too . monkey I be not tucking you in . beetle smile as monkey pad back over to the fire . he notice the blood stain she fur and she pain expression as she sit . beetle you be hurt . he reach out to she . monkey just a scratch . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 69/92 she slap he hand away , but there 's no malice in it . beetle ( gently ) monkey ? why do not you tell he sooner ... who you really be ? monkey the magic that keep I here ... it 's fade . soon I will be go , and then kubo will be alone again . beetle not alone . he be the son of hanzo . I will do everything I can to keep he from harm . monkey appreciate this . monkey thank you , beetle . to know kubo have someone to watch over he when I be go . that would be a fine way to end my story . beetle consider this . beetle you story will never end . monkey be surprised and a little move by he sentiment . he look over at kubo as he continue . beetle ( cont 'd ) it will be tell by he . and by the people he share it with . and by the people they share it with . and by the people they share it with . and by the people they share it with ... it 's start to get a little awkward . monkey beetle ... beetle the point be , you story will live on . in he . and monkey really like the sound of that . she smile . kubo lie in the corner of the cave on he side , sleep soundly . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 70/92 black kubo 's eye blink open . ( 2600 kud ) kubo 's dream ext . twisted river - continuous kubo be lie in long grass beside a river similar to the one at the cemetery near he home . somewhere close by , the pluck note of a shamisen be play a beautiful song . kubo sit up and look around and see a figure next to he . it appear to be a sweet old man with a smile on he face . he play a shamisen . old man hello , my young friend . why do not you join in my song ? kubo but how do you ..? you be ... old man even blinder than you ? the old man smile to let kubo know he be be light - heart . never one to back down , kubo add ... kubo twice as much . to be precise . old man which mean I see double the truth . kubo this be all a dream . ( wary ) be this a good dream or a bad one ? old man see for yourself . the man gesture across the river , which have suddenly expand into a giant moat , beyond which a majestic stone fortress rise out of the mist . kubo my father 's fortress . old man yes . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 71/92 the tableau continue to shift before kubo 's eye , dissolve into row of samurai wear the beetle crest on they armor , stand freeze like statue . they be guard a dazzle golden helmet , float in the air . kubo the last piece of armor ! it 's here ? old man follow the set sun and you 's 1ll find it . in the place that might have be you home . Claim you birthright , kubo ! give this story ... a happy end ! and with that , the old man pluck a single very loud note -- int . cave that remind US of home —- dawn kubo sit up , wear a look of epiphany on he face . he turn to look at he companion . he rush over to shake monkey awake . then a groggy beetle . kubo mother ! beetle ! wake up ! monkey I be up . I be up . beetle ( groan ) I be down . monkey ( to beetle ) ugh . get off . beetle stretch , a pain expression on he face . beetle I think I sleep on something ... he reach down and pull out the sheathed sword . beetle ( cont 'd ) '' sword uncomfortable '' . kubo the helmet . I know where it be . I see it in a dream , beetle ! draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 72/92 beetle a dream ? well that do not mean anything , in particular . I dreamt I fight a giant skeleton with sword in its head . monkey that really happen . beetle oh. yeah . kubo beetle , come on ! this way ! kubo pick up Little hanzo and pop he into he bag , fasten the flap over the top as he sling it over he shoulder . kubo motion to the other . beetle and monkey exchange curious glance and follow he . ( 2700 etf ) enter the fortress ext . the farland - sunrise a epic panoramic landscape . the waking sun break through boundless bank of cloud , and paint the landscape beneath a blaze red . dwarf by the immensity of this vista be we heroes , but they shadow grow and multiply out from the horizon like a infinite family of paper doll . ext . mountain pass - the farland - late afternoon we heroes hike a trail through the mountain . as they traverse a particularly steep bluff , beetle gamely lift kubo up by he collar and plonk he onto he shoulder . as they near the top of the mountain ridge they play a cheerful game , spirit high . kubo I spy with my one eye , something beginning with ... '' S. '' beetle '' snow . '' kubo no . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 73/92 beetle '' snowflake . '' kubo no. beetle okay ... '' snow - cover tree . '' monkey nothing to do with snow . beetle ( look at monkey ) how about '' serious ? '' monkey ( mutter ) '' stupid . '' kubo frown . from he perch on top of beetle he hear a sound . Soft , indistinct , but strangely familiar . beetle okay , I get it . '' snow . '' monkey he say it be not snow . kubo look up into the sky . kubo it 's a song . beetle well , that 's not fair ! how do you see a song ? kubo lean over and gently tilt beetle 's head . kubo you look . above they a hundred - strong flock of bird glide beneath the canopy of cloud . they look like heron but glow with a magical blue light and sing a symphonic version of the song from kubo 's own dream . monkey Golden heron . it 's believe they hold the soul of the depart , carry they over to wherever they May need to go . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 74/92 beetle what be they sing ? kubo it 's beautiful . * monkey many say the song 's about what happen when we die . how we do not just ... disappear . beetle we do not ? so what happen to we ? monkey like kubo 's paper , we shift . we transform . so we may continue we story to another place . the end of * one story be merely the beginning of another ... and at that they crest the top of the ridge to see the heron fly over a pair of monumental stone face , dozen of foot high , carve into the likeness of hanzo and mother . crack and forlorn , they have fall in against one another , forehead touch to create a crumble arch . a bridge paint with the beetle crest run between they , lead to the dark ruin of a massive island fortress . we see this once - majestic place before , in kubo 's dream . only now it list into the water , wall and rooftop shattered and overgrown with wild bamboo . a break home . * ( 2800 mem ) memories int . entry hallway beetle fortress - dusk torn banner display the beetle crest flap in the evening wind as the trio move through the ruin . * beetle I remember this place . * it 's clear this place be once splendid , fill with weapon * and armor and beautiful work of art . now all that remain be cover over in dust and encroach weed and bamboo . * * int . study beetle fortress - continuous kubo slide open a door into a room overflow with papers , scroll , and map . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 75/92 there be drawing of ningen and odokuro , even sketches of the armor itself . it seem this place be entirely dedicated to hanzo 's search for the armor . kubo this be where my father prepare for he quest . we heroes walk through it , gaze around in wonder at the various memory of they journey . monkey examine up a piece of paper with a image of the helmet on it . kubo spy a stand of intricately print screen in front of a doorway across the room . upon one of they be a illustration of a amazing golden helmet , just as in kubo 's dream ! the sweeping line of the helm curve around a elegant war mask that mimic the facial feature of hanzo . kubo excitedly push through the screen . ( 2900 und ) UNITED / divide int . courtyard beetle fortress - night moonlight seep through a tangle of high bamboo grow out of the rag remain of a once grand courtyard . kubo run out across a floor strewn by the break remnant of hundred of piece of ornate samurai armor . beetle there 's something I do not understand ... why would the helmet be here ? monkey kubo ! monkey and beetle be right behind he , but already smoke be seeping amongst the shattered armor , thin tendril snake up beneath breastplate , gauntlet , and greave . finger of smoke slither up around we heroes , constrict and hoist they into the air . beetle 's bow fall from he hand and clatter to the ground . a familiar laugh echoe through the courtyard . the other sister , stark and ominous against the full moon , float down in front of she captive , smoking pipe in hand . monkey ( cont ’d ) release we ! draft : 01.05.16 + fh fh fh HH * kubo and the two string 76/92 she float closer . sister oh , sister . I remember how we look up to you . of all of we , you shine the brightest . such a waste . all we ever wish be to be a family ... in we home among the star . monkey I think we have very different definition of family . the sister reach out to kubo . beetle do not you touch he , you witch ! the sister turn she horrible noh mask to face he . sister and then there 's you . the thieve insect who steal my sister 's soul . monkey what ? notice the confusion in beetle 's and monkey 's eye , the sister throw back she head and giggle again . sister oh , this be precious ! you have be together all this time and you have not even realize ? a beat of stunne silence . a puff of smoke drift from the sister 's pipe across the ground to hanzo origami , and lift he into the air . she speak directly to beetle as she motion to monkey . sister ( cont 'd ) you take she from we . it be only fitting we take something from you ! how swiftly that memory spill from you head . wiping out all recollection of you obscene union , hanzo . the smoke turn Little hanzo in the air . fold . reforming . until the paper samurai have become a exact replica of beetle himself . draft : 01.05.16 + h hk % a + * % + h hk % kubo and the two string 77/92 beetle what . .? monkey turn to beetle , confuse . monkey hanzo ..? kubo wriggle and strain against he smoke bond . beetle turn to monkey . neither can believe what they be hearing . beetle I do not know ... monkey look at he with sympathy . the sister cackle , find this scene perversely enjoyable , and throw beetle into a wall . monkey no ! and then she notice kubo , frantically struggle behind she . sister ( laugh ) I be forget what I come here for ... as the sister glide toward he , kubo be finally able to reach into the back of he belt . with a blur of he hand he slashes at she with he bachi pick , crack she mask in half and break the pipe ! the smoke demon disappear , the source of they power destroy , drop monkey and beetle to the ground . the sister scream into kubo 's face , the lower half of she mask break away . she toss he across the courtyard , knock he unconscious . monkey heft she sword and launch herself at the sister . just as she blade be about to make contact , the sister spin and produce two crescent - shape blade seemingly from nowhere . spark flash across they face as weapon collide . the two spin , strike and dodge , a beautiful dance illuminate by the light of they magical blade . draft : 01.05.16 % + eh % kubo and the two string 78/92 the sister 's assault be relentless , and monkey 's wound be hamper she defense . slowly but surely the sister be gain the upper hand . she rain down blow after blow , force the sword from monkey 's hand , laughing as she gain the advantage . nearby , kubo begin to come to , groggy and disorient . he suddenly cry out ... kubo mother ! monkey see kubo and crawl towards he . and then , as the sister float into the air prepare to deliver a fatal blow , a rusted sword spin at she , knock she to the ground . the projectile come from beetle , and he grab more sword from the pile of armor around he . beetle run to where kubo be comforting monkey . kubo ( cont 'd ) shhh ... it 's okay . I be here . kubo look up to beetle . kubo ( cont 'd ) Father ! beetle my son . monkey ( weakly ) seem I be marry to a bug . she hesitates as she look he up and down . beetle yeah . a samurai bug . she smile grimly , hold onto beetle 's arm . beetle ( cont 'd ) you be my quest . you always have be . monkey hanzo . keep he safe . no matter what . draft : 01.05.16 * kubo and the two string 79/92 beetle I promise I will . suddenly , beetle yell in agony as the sister appear behind he and plunge she blade deep into he back . monkey no ! beetle slump down beside monkey , who look up , daze and horrify , as the sister stand over they . she raise she blade above monkey 's head . monkey look over to kubo . monkey ( cont 'd ) fly home , kubo . time seem to slow down . the only sound we hear be the quiet thumping of monkey 's weaken heartbeat . thump ... thump ... kubo race towards the shamisen , reach out he hand . thump ... thump ... the sister 's sword carve through the air toward monkey 's neck . thump ... thump ... kubo grab the shamisen , rake he bachi across the string so violently that two of they actually snap in half , and the reverberating SOUND of the shamisen swallow up everything with a shockwave of blind white light . ( 3000 kuc ) kubo cry int . courtyard beetle fortress - night dissolve through to find kubo on hand and knee , blink he eye as he try to get he bearing . around he be piece of the sister 's break mask . in front of he lie the netsuke statue . it be break in half . beetle 's break bow lie next to he . out of silence we gradually become aware of the slight but steady plucking of a string . dull. empty . draft : 01.05.16 * + eh ( 3200 rtt ) kubo and the two string 80/92 kubo kneel , cradling the shamisen with the two break string in he lap as a steady stream of teardrop fall from he face and repeatedly strike the one remain string . behind he , with the sound of each tear , shred scrap of paper surge up into a tiny blizzard . within it a pathetic , flimsy version of Little hanzo begin to take shape . sense something , kubo turn to see the figure there . a pitiful , tear version of its former self . but hanzo origami be not give up . use all of he strength , he drag himself across the floor and point he sword again . he slowly rise and go over to the place where hanzo fall , and see the diminutive figure , damage but undeterred , point with he sword and stare up at kubo beseechingly . finally , kubo turn to see what he be point at . it 's a illustration of the helmet impenetrable . only from here it look exactly like the bell in kubo 's village . close on he face , stare as realization dawns . kubo pack he bag with the sword , hanzo origami , and the break netsuke . he tie the strap of the breastplate onto the side and then step over beetle 's break bow . he pause for a moment as he look at it . then he kneel down and take the bowstring from the shattered wood and wrap it around he wrist alongside he mother 's bracelet . and then he pick up he shamisen , close he eye , and stand for a moment in the center of the courtyard , the only sound the flapping of the fray beetle banner as they billow in the wind . kubo play one last note , plucking the string as hard as he can , snap it completely . with a rustling , the beetle banner flutter more violently , twist and fold and break off they mount . the banner envelope he , intertwine with he own robe to become a magnificent pair of wing that lift he up into the air , soar above the ruin ... ext . central avenue - day the bell ring above the village ruin . it have be utterly decimate , like a bomb go off . the once lively and colorful place have be burn to the ground . draft : 01.05.16 * kubo and the two string 81/92 kubo 's new wing fly he across the landscape and land he on central avenue near the bell tower . kubo struggle to he foot and stare up at the bell . kubo step over to the blacken wooden scaffold of the bell tower . it 's quiet enough to hear he footstep crunch as he walk . and then , face determine , he start hit the break tower until it crash down with the bell . kubo reach in the rubble and frees the helmet . kameyo ( 0.s. ) kubo ? be that you ? the voice surprise he . he turn around . from somewhere across the other side of the main street , a soot-stain face peek out from the char ruin of a house . it be kameyo , and she watch the unfold scene with wide eye . behind kameyo be hosato with mari , and other familiar face look at he with awestruck curiosity . kubo you have to leave this place . the Moon King , he be come . the survivor see the look on he face and do not ask question . they hurry through the market place toward the gate out of town . kubo wait a moment for they to leave , put on the helmet and then take a deep breath . his hand tighten its grip on the sword hilt , and he look up at the full moon hang ominously in the sky . unblink . kubo ( cont 'd ) grandfather ! it 's I ! kubo ! I know you can see I ! there 's a moment of silence as the echoe of he shout dissipate , and kubo whirl around to confront the blind old man from he dream . now he wear regal robe that glow in the moonlight . grandfather hello , grandson . it 's so good to see you at last . so to speak . he chuckle . Gentle . winsome . utterly insincere . kubo pick up a rock . draft : 01.05.16 + eh kubo and the two string 82/92 grandfather ( cont ’d ) and I see you find the armor . seem you mother have a reason to bring you to this dreadful place after all . kubo throw the rock at grandfather . grandfather 's hand snatch the rock out of the air as it come at he . grandfather ( cont ’d ) I see . his face still placid , he calmly squeeze up he fist and crush the projectile to dust . kubo I know you do . that 's how this all begin . you finally see I . that be my fault . I should have listen to my parent . grandfather kubo , we both want the exact same thing . kubo you want to take my other eye . that 's what you want . grandfather well , yes , but do you know why I want it ? kubo because you be old , and mean , and cruel . he take a breath and smile affably . grandfather oh now , that 's a little harsh . as long as you cling to that silly , useless eye , you can not come up to live with I in the heaven . grandfather keep move closer to kubo as he speak . grandfather ( cont ’d ) you 'il be stick down here in this hell . stare with that lonely eye at hate and heartache and suffer and death . ( more ) draft : 01.05.16 * kubo and the two string 83/92 grandfather ( cont ’d ) where I want to take you we have none of that thing . it will just be you with you family . where you belong . kubo my family be go . you kill they . grandfather no ! they bring they fate upon themselves . they disgrace I and upset the order of everything . kubo that 's how you story go . grandfather oh , kubo . when you be up there with I you will be beyond storey . you will be immortal . you will be ... infinite . kubo no , you be wrong . not infinite . all storey have a end . grandfather narrow he eye . we get the sense he will only play this game so long . he 's start to look a little pale and more ... wrinkly ... than before . grandfather 's skin be slowly take on the appearance of a milky cataract - like shell . crack on he face splinter across the surface like shattered glass . grandfather be that right ? and how do this story end ? kubo fix he grandfather with a look fill with fire . kubo I kill you ! kubo raise up he sword , ready for battle . grandfather oh , very well . be this you wish ? to do battle with the hideous monster who ruin you life ? to prove you worth like you doom father ? how mortal . ( 3400 sho ) showdown draft : 01.05.16 * + h hk kubo and the two string 84/92 ext . central avenue - night grandfather throw open he arm and he entire body break apart like a cocoon . we see the blur of a hideous head trail a long serpentine body as it launch a hundred foot into the air . seem smaller than ever , kubo stand there look up at this tower beast . the Moon Beast laugh , shaking the very foundation of the devastate village . kubo yell , and run at the beast , sword hold high . it lunge down at he , fang bare . kubo leap , spin over its head and slashing at its pearly white flesh . the sword connect with a flash of spark , like metal on metal . the beast recoil , but whether it 's out of pain or surprise be not immediately clear . kubo be upon it again , a dazzle barrage of blow force the monster further back . gain the advantage , kubo lunge with he sword , slice deep into the creature 's vast white eye . the beast roar and thrashes , its enormous tail decimate a scorched building behind it . furious , the beast twist around and come at kubo . he duck through a char doorway and somersault out of a window , the creature bulldoze the entire building behind he . kubo jump and weave as the monster lash out . each time he evade its claw or maw , he score a hit with he sword . the beast relentlessly pursue he through the blacken shell of ruin home . despite he agility and tenacity , kubo be run out of breath . it seem he 's fight a lose battle . exhausted , he stumble , and the beast 's jaw lock down around he body . the armor buckle and crack around he , and kubo be spat out , smashing through the remain of a wall . painfully , kubo crawl back onto he foot , bruise and bloody . the creature snap its tail like a whip , coiling around kubo 's body and pull he up in front of its terrible face . the spiky tip of its tail hook under the lip of kubo 's helmet and flip it off he head . giant tendril of saliva fly out of its mouth as it hiss ... draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 85/92 moon beast you want to be human ? then share they weakness ! the tail around kubo squeeze tight , crush he . moon beast ( cont ’d ) suffer they humiliation ! the spiky tail tear the patch off kubo 's face . moon beast ( cont ’d ) feel they pain ! the beast throw kubo contemptuously to the ground . he land in the dust beside the sword unbreakable . as kubo go for it the Moon Beast strike he with its enormous tail , fling he like a rag doll through the air . ( 3500 t2s ) the 2 string ext . cemetery - continuous kubo crash through branch and bush , cartwheel through the undergrowth lead down to the riverside cemetery outside the village . he eventually come to a stop , barely conscious . his bag land nearby , its content strewn around he . in the distance we hear the Moon Beast roar as it smashes through the village on its way to finish kubo off . kubo blink . slowly pull himself off the ground . he reach out for he sword . from beneath he robe sleeve the two bracelet around he wrist be expose . his mother 's hair and beetle 's bow string . kubo 's finger pause over the top of the sword hilt . and then withdraw . and then , as quickly as he can , he deftly begin re-stringing he shamisen , use both string and hair . the Moon Beast thunder closer through the wood . two string in place , kubo stare at the empty space where the final string should go . the Moon Beast appear , and find kubo kneel on the ground , shamisen in hand . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 86/92 moon beast this be the end of you story . now take one last look with that lonely eye . one last look at this wretch place you call home . kubo stand up . defiant . kubo I be not leave . he then reach up and pluck out a hair from he own head , and stretch it across the shamisen . the Moon Beast cackle . kubo ( cont 'd ) for every horrible thing down here there 's something far more beautiful . my mother see it . so do my father . I see it , even with just one eye . the Moon Beast snarl , no longer find this amusing . moon beast then I 'il just have to rip it out of you head again , will not I ? as the Moon Beast go to strike , kubo pluck the first string on the shamisen , produce a single booming note . kubo if you must blink , do it now ! the Moon Beast stop , surprised . all the dead paper lantern in the river suddenly ignite again , a trail of light snake from the river all the way to the break lantern scattered throughout the marketplace . kubo ( cont 'd ) I know why you want my eye . because without it I can not look into the eye of another and see they soul . they love . moon beast everything you love be go ! everything you know have be take from you ! when kubo speak , he voice be stronger than ever . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 87/92 kubo no . it 's in my memory . the most powerful kind of magic there be . kubo pluck the second string . and now , emerge from behind tree and grave marker , come the survive villager . they hold glow lantern as they march to take they place alongside kubo . kubo pluck the final string , produce a note that echoe endlessly , and the Moon Beast stare down with a expression of shock . yet more figure be join the rank of kubo 's army , but this be glow with the same otherworldly light that we see surround the blue heron . this be the spirit of the dead . he gesture to he army . kubo ( cont 'd ) it make we stronger than you 's 1ll ever be . this be the memory of that we have love and lose . and if we hold they storey deep in we heart , then you will never take they away from we . kubo stand there defiantly , look up at the Moon Beast , who have clearly hear enough . the beast rear back and strike down at kubo like a enormous snake . but as he fange head lunge at kubo 's army , it be deflect by a field of blue light that have appear around they , just like the glow that protect mother 's boat in the prologue . the Moon Beast be stunne . shake he head . then he strike again . and again . each time he be repell by the field which keep on grow larger and brighter . kubo ( cont 'd ) and that really be the least of it . with that , he bring he hand down on he shamisen , strumming all three string at once . the blue glow explode , and everything be swallow up in a blind white light . ( 3700 grr ) grandfather reborn draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 88/92 ext . cemetery the glare slowly dissipate , and in front of kubo now stand the sweet - face old man from kubo 's dream . he look around , confuse . old man where be I ? kubo approach he and kneel down . kubo hello , grandfather . the old man stare at kubo . genuinely puzzle . old man hello . what happen to you eye ? kubo stare at he grandfather , a little uncertain . kubo do not you remember ? the old man shake he head . old man I be sorry , young man . but I seem to have forget my story . can you help I ? it take a moment for this to sink into the crowd , and then kamekichi push forward . kameyo I 'il tell he . no , we will all tell he . we 'il tell he everything he need to know . as kubo watch , the old woman approach the old man , warily at first , as if testing the water . kameyo ( cont 'd ) you ... be the kindest , sweetest man to ever live in this village . the old man seem surprised . old man oh ... oh really ? kameyo break into a grin and nod vigorously . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 89/92 kameyo yes ! other villager around she be start to get the idea . mari ( step forward ) every day , you walk around smile and hand out coin to child ... like I ! kameyo and old woman ! old man ( unsure ) oh ... soon , each of the villager be shouting out detail of the old man 's '' story . '' villager 1 you ... you teach my kid to swim ! hosato and ... you give blanket to the poor ! hashi you be a good man . villager 3 you feed the hungry . villager 4 you always lend a help hand ! villager 5 you be a great example ! old man oh. turn out I be pretty selfless . young daughter that 's why we love you ! kameyo lean in close to the Old man . kameyo you know , we have something in common . we both adore you grandson . she gesture to kubo . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 90/92 kameyo ( cont 'd ) his name be kubo . old man kubo .... I be sorry , but I do not remember . kameyo well , you grandson 's a storyteller . he ’1ll tell you all the storey you have forget . old man really ? she wink at kubo . kubo of course . dissolve to ( 3800 fip ) final prayer ext . path down to cemetery - wood outside village - night under the tiniest sliver of moon , a long procession of villager head down the forest path lead to the river . they hold glow paper lantern as they move along solemnly . they depart love one walk alongside , identifiable by a subtle '' spirit glow '' emanate from they in the moonlight . when they reach the river , farewell be say and light lantern set adrift once more . ext . cemetery - night the last of the remain villager file back up the path as kubo assemble he new altar . on it , he place two unlit lamp , then get to he knee , face they . he begin speak quietly . kubo hello , mother . Father . I know my storey can tend to get a little , um , long . so I will keep this brief . kubo pause , think what he want to say . kubo ( cont 'd ) I be very grateful . I have have the chance to meet you both . ( more ) draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 91/92 kubo ( cont 'd ) hear you wisdom . feel you kindness . even eat a meal sit between you . this be a happy story . ( a beat ) but ... it could still be a whole lot happier . kubo lean closer to the altar , lose some formality now . kubo ( cont 'd ) and I do not know exactly what the rule be or how this work . but if there be any way to ... y’know . I still need you . so I could say this have be a happy story . or I could feel it . we could all feel it . and then we could end this story ... together . a beat , and then he look up again in grow wonder as a light spill across he face . CUT to : black a long silence , and then we start to hear the first few note the song of the Dead . fade in : ( 3900 uni ) unity the moon reflected in the river . glow blue heron sail in front of it , sing they sweet song . we tilt up across the surface of the water to find where the heron be come from ... ext . cemetery float along the river , head out to sea , paper lamp be refolding themselves and rise up out of the water , they light swell brighter and brighter as they transform into glow blue heron . the newly - form paper bird then flap they wing and rise up off the water to join the rest of they flock in the sky . draft : 01.05.16 kubo and the two string 92/92 this wondrous sight be witness by three figure stand in shadow at the river 's edge . the shortest of the figure look up into the moonlight . it be kubo , he face still partially hide in shadow , but we can see he 's wear a huge smile . and now we see why ... stand on either side of he , they hand rest gently on he shoulder be hanzo & mother , young and resplendent . if there be a '' spirit glow '' around they , we can not quite see it in this light . they seem as alive and tangible as kubo himself . his eye sparkles in the moonlight as he look up at the heron soar above the sea in the night Sky . kubo's voice ( v.o. ) the end . fade to : white roll end title . draft : 01.05.16