kundun Melissa mathison 16 October 1992 cast of character ( in order of appearance ) reting rinpoche ... Regent of tibet , serve in the year between the death of the Thirteenth dalai lama and the discovery of the fourteenth dalai lama . a monk . lama of Sera ... keustang rinpoche a high lama . lhamo dhondrup ... the fourteenth dalai lama . also know as tenzin gyatso . lobsang samten ... the dalai lama 's immediate older brother . tsering dolma ... the dalai lama 's older sister . mother ... the dalai lama 's mother . Father ... the dalai lama 's father . chinese Governor ... Representative of China in amdo Province takster rinpoche ... the dalai Lam 's oldest brother , abbot of kumbum monastery . bodyguard ... a khamba , monk bodyguard . the attendant ... Masters of the Kitchen , the robe and the ritual . all monk . Lord Chamberlain ... the official close to the dalai lama . a monk . norbu thundrup ... a sweeper who work at the potala . the yigstang and the tsitang ... the tibetan government . monk and laymen . taktra rinpoche ... the Regent who replace reting rinpoche . a monk . ling rinpoche ... a senior tutor , a monk . kashag ... the dalai lama 's personal cabinet of advisor . nechung Oracle ... the monk medium for the deity , droje drakden . lukhangwa and lobsang tashi ... the Prime minister Muslim man , tibetan woman , Noble Boy ... people the dalai lama meet on he way to yadung . General Chiang chin-wu ... first representative of Communist China send to tibet . mao Tse tung ... Chairman of the chinese Communist Party . khamba leader ... leader of the tibetan resistance Movement . ghurka Soldiers ... Indians who make up the welcoming party for the dalai lama . the himalayas . a still photograph , a portrait , of a mountain ; the north face of chomolungma - a peak also know as mount everest - twenty - nine thousand foot high . we hear a very young boy speak . boy ( vo ) mama , my story . a woman speak : woman ( vo ) again ? boy ( vo ) tell I . portrait of a mountain - khangbochen - craggy peak cover with snow , twenty - four thousand foot high . woman ( vo ) you father have be very ill , we think he would die , and some animal have die . boy ( vo ) cow . portrait of a mountain - shishapangma - twenty - six thousand foot high . woman ( vo ) and a yak . and chicken . and we have four year of bad crop , all the farmer do . portrait of a mountain - anye machin ii - twenty thousand foot high and slightly obscure by cloud . woman ( vo ) in the night , I know you be come . now , the foothills . the still photograph of this barren mountain range come to life as we see something move . it be a small caravan - travel this narrow mountain pass . woman ( vo ) at dawn , you be bear . closer on this caravan . we can make out eight or ten man , walk , and on horseback , dress in heavy , brocade coat , and large woolen hat , black braid trail down they back . a yellow palanquin be carry by four large monk , wear maroon robe . the caravan reach the top of the mountain pass and turn - a sudden shift in direction - a switchback . the traveler head downhill . boy ( vo ) tell I . now , we see the mens 's destination . a lake . a incredibly blue , circular lake , sink between snow - dust mountain . it be lhamo i' latso - " the Oracle Lake " - and it shimmer in the sunlight . as the lake come into view , a young man push back the curtain of the yellow palanquin and peer down at it . the man be dress in royal robe . he be young , twenty four year old . his name be reting rinpoche . he be the Regent of tibet . the color of the lake change - from brilliant turquoise , to a deep , murky , unfathomable darkness . woman ( vo ) you be a beautiful baby . so calm . boy ( vo ) no cry ? the woman laugh . woman ( vo ) maybe , just a little . the palanquin be set down on a flat rock overlook the lake . the water 's color change again , to a deep purple , then blue again , then red , then indigo . woman ( vo ) and that day , you father get better . he name you lhamo . " the protector . " boy ( vo ) I know . silence . the noblemen and monk surround reting as he step out of the palanquin . one man stand out here , a monk , a high lama in fact , with a kind face and fantastic , mesmerize eye . he be the lama of sera . woman ( vo ) go to sleep , lhamo . reting stare at the lake . the water turn a light grey , and a image appear - obscure at first , then become more solid . a vision . he see a house - a small , stone , one - story , u-shape house . the house have a flat , tile roof and a unusual , wooden rain gutter , with window outline in black and a prayer flag in the courtyard . a spot dog be in front of the house , bark , though we can not hear he . the vision become completely clear , for a instant - clear enough to see the face of a young boy at the window . close on reting rinpoche . look . search . cut to : a portrait of a mountain : kyeri - a majestic , glacier mountain - the " house mountain " of the village of takster , amdo Province , North Eastern tibet . sound return as the wind whistle around this jag , mountain peak and then the view move down , below the tree line , and into the rhododendron forest and the farmland , until it come to rest on a small , stone , u-shape house . a house catch in the dawn 's mist . close on the face of a sleep child : a boy , lhamo dhondrup , age two and one-half year . he be dream . he be about to wake up . today , he life will change . we stay on the boy 's face until , slowly , he eye open - beautiful , dark , eye . int . tibetan peasant home , kitchen dawn ( 1937 ) the mother walk past the boy , she woolen skirt sway in the rosy light . a seven year - old brother - lobsang samten - and a teenage sister - tsering dolma - share lhamo 's kitchen mattress . lhamo look at they , and then he turn to see the heavy feel boot of he father , as the man walk through the room and out the door . lhamo find the kind face of he mother . she be look at he . ext . courtyard dawn the boy walk across the stone courtyard as we hear the sound of this country morning : the snort of horse , cluck of hen , a command from the Father as the man feed the animal . the boy scratch , he pee . he see he mother on the roof . she be a silhouette against the dawn , as she feed cedar and yak chip into the incense burner - send white , curly smoke up , to circle the prayer flag and its cluster of print mantras . we pull back as the spot dog begin to bark . lhamo 's house be the house in the vision . int . kitchen morning it be a good day . there be cheese for breakfast . lhamo 's Father sit on a cushion at the head of a low table . Fresh bread appear , yogurt , roast barley ( tsampa ) . lhamo push at he Father . lhamo I . father no . this must stop . lhamo me. here . father I be the father . you sit there . lhamo I here . mother what be the harm ? father he will grow up all wrong . only you can serve he , only you can wash he bowl . too tidy , everything just so . he must know he place . lobsang samten he think he be king here . no respect . mother what be the harm ? the Father reluctantly get up and give he seat to lhamo . lhamo settles and wait for he mother to hand he he bowl of tsampa . he bestow a most beautiful smile on he family . ext . courtyard day the Father be leave the yard with a short string of horse when there be a sudden commotion . the chinese governor be pass through this little village . he be a ferocious look man , dress in ornate brocade , he horse eguip with tack that look like armor . he be surround by a dozen chinese soldier , all on huge horse , ruling the road , kick up mud . lhamo 's Father stop . he hold still . he look to the house . the mother be hold the child against she in the doorway . quiet . watch . the Governor and he entourage move on . when they be out of sight , lhamo 's Father make he departure . ext . courtyard day lhamo straddle the window sill , slapping he bottom as if he be a horse , shouting : lhamo I go away . look , mama , I go away . Far , far , far . his mother be make bread in the kitchen . mother oh , no . where will he go ? lhamo Far , far away . int . kitchen dusk lhamo be play a game with pebble on the raise , wooden platform in the kitchen . the fire be light . he be alone . the dog begin to bark . mother ( oc ) good day . man ( oc ) good day . mother ( oc ) please , come in , so cold . man ( oc ) we be travel to lhasa . May we ...? mother ( oc ) of course , please , this way . you servant may use the kitchen . man ( oc ) thank you . a middle - age man , the servant , wear heavy , rag clothes and wrap boot , enter the kitchen . lhamo slide over so that the man can sit on the platform beside he . the man pick up a few pebble and drop they - he know the game . we recognize this servant . his name be keustang rinpoche . he be one of the monk we see at the Oracle lake , the one with the mesmerize eye . keustang rinpoche be the lama of Sera monastery . lhamo see a dark brown rosary around the servant 's neck and immediately pull at the string of bead . lhamo mine . the servant take the rosary off and give it to the boy . lhamo hang the string of bead around he own neck . the servant make a move to take back the rosary , but lhamo resist . lhamo mine . servant mine . lhamo please . servant I will give it to , if you can tell I who I be . lhamo look up , into the man 's pierce , black eye . lhamo the lama of Sera . you come . the mother enter and immediately see the rosary around she son 's neck . she give it back to the servant . mother lhamo , no . lhamo go back to he game . the mother hand the tired man a slice of bread and a steaming cup of tea . the man 's hand be shaking . he can not look the woman in the eye . servant thank you . ext . courtyard dawn the traveler make they departure at dawn . as the party reach the gate , lhamo run from the house , cry : lhamo wait ! no ! the man stop . lhamo run to the servant . lhamo I , too . I go , too . lhasa ! lhamo be in tear . mother no , no , no . lhasa ! he always say he will travel far away . he always want to go . servant we cannot , young master . lhamo you come back ? a pause . servant we will . the traveler head down the road . mother and child return to they home , the mother carry the boy on she hip as he swing himself around to take a last look at the stranger . ext . courtyard dawn the Father ready a pack train of horse . lobsang and lhamo pull on the cinche strap . ext . farmland day the mother plow with a heavy yoke attach to a large yak . lobsang samten and tsering dolma help they mother . lhamo sleep under a umbrella . ext . courtyard day lobsang and lhamo run , carry a bowl of egg . int . kitchen night lobsang be wrap in maroon wool , try to hold still as he mother pin and stitches . lhamo sit , sip tea , watch , woefully . mother say , kumbum monastery . lobsang kumbum . it be not far away . mother it be not far at all , and it be a beautiful place . and you big brother be abbott there . you will not be alone . lobsang I will be very smart . mother you will be fine . you will be a fine monk . int . altar room dawn lobsang pour water from one small , copper bowl into six other , seven in all , place on a altar before a statue of buddha . as the rest of the family watch , the mother light the butter lamp , whisper : mother om mani padme hum . om mani padme hum . ext . courtyard day lobsang be perch on the back of a horse - in front of he Father . the two leave home , goodby have already be say . mother , sister and little brother remain behind . ext . parent room night mother lie down with lhamo , hold he . mother you father have be very sick . he have be sick from the time you begin grow in I . we think he would die . lhamo cow . mother yes . a cow have die . one night , you stop all you move , and I say to you sister , " his time have come . " lhamo me. first break of day . mother at dawn , you be bear . one eye be close , and you sister open it with she thumb . we give you the sweet drink . lhamo I poope . his mother laugh . mother you do . we wash you and wrap you in sheepskin and take you to you father . that day he father get better and that day , a pair of crow come to nest in we roof . I just remember . lhamo I miss my brother . mother I miss he too . close on the mother as she hold lhamo , now she only son at home . a view of kyeri mountain turn from a pre-dawn purple to light pink in the sunlight . ext . courtyard dawn the multi-color prayer flag flap in the wind as the cock crow and the animal come awake . Father exit the house and begin he day . ext . side of the house day lhamo be watch two bug fight when he hear the dog bark . he climb the low , stone wall and look out at the road . six traveler approach . four of the man be dress as nobility , wear red and gold silk . two man be monk . the mother meet the man in the courtyard . a monk step forward . he bow . lama I be the lama of Sera . mother Sera monastery ? from lhasa ? lama yes . we have business here . lhamo jump off the wall . he carefully lift the smaller beetle from the path of the larger beetle . he place the rescue bug safely in a clump of grass . int . parent room day close on the face of the six man . close on the small face of lhamo as he look down at the bed . lying on a piece of yellow silk be many object . there be three of each type of object : three walk stick , three drum , three silver pen , three eat bowl , three bell , three rosary , three pair of spectacle . the lama of Sera - keustang rinpoche - hand lhamo the rosary he have so covete when the man first visit . keustang rinpoche this be yours , you say . what else belong to you ? lhamo consider the request , then climb onto the bed to study the object . the drum and the bell he choose quickly . keustang rinpoche watch the boy gather the item . he look at the yellow silk and the boy 's small , fine hand . he dare not look directly at the boy . lhamo pick up one walk stick - a lovely , bronze-handled one . he swing it around , but he finally reject it in favor of a plain , iron-handled stick . he make he own pile of this thing , then look at the lama of Sera . keustang rinpoche yes , that be yours . keustang rinpoche take the boy 's hand in he own . he turn they over , examine they . keustang rinpoche with permission ? the lama carefully pull back the boy 's overall . there be a little birthmark , like a conch shell , on he shoulder . keustang rinpoche pull up the boy 's pants leg . there be a funny skin mark on the leg , like tiger stripe . the lama rearrange the boy 's clothing , then one more time , take the beautiful , little hand in he own and whisper : keustang rinpoche " kundun " he say to the other , in a soft , secretive voice : keustang rinpoche he be the presence . in the background , by a open curtain , we see lhamo 's mother . she say , softly : mother my oldest boy be a incarnation . keustang rinpoche so be you youngest . keustang release the boy 's hand and bring he own close palm up to he forehead . keustang rinpoche I wish you long life . the mother begin to cry . int . altar room day Little lhamo , now dress in yellow , fill the copper water bowl with difficulty . his parent stand beside he . they share one , frighten curious look . close on the statue of buddha . it be a image of chenrezeg , the buddha of compassion . he have eleven head and four , outstretch arm . ext . countryside day lhamo sit in the saddle in front of he mother . his Father and sister ride beside they , through a incredible , empty , tibetan landscape . a monk ride lead . ext . EST . shot / kumbum monastery day turquoise -roof , golden -pagoda , a beautiful , white - wash monastery build against a terrace , green hillside of amdo . int . private room , monastery day mother pat she son lhamo 's unruly hair and make a soft , comforting sound . lobsang be there beside he brother . lobsang be already dress as a tiny monk - in a maroon robe , with short , clipped hair a older brother , takster , age 17 , a lama , be there . the mother lie : mother I will be back in a few day . lhamo how many ? mother two . lhamo hold up two finger . lhamo this many ? mother yes , yes . you brother be here . takster move closer . she place the sad youngster in takster 's arm . mother one more kiss . lhamo kiss she , as do lobsang and even takster fall into she arm for a moment . then , she turn and go , quickly . a monk appear . he produce a concertina and begin to play for the little boy . but , lhamo begin to cry , through the music , through the hug of he brother . as a result of lhamo 's tear , lobsang begin to cry . takster hold they both . the music continue . the older , wiser , takster begin to cry , too . the three brother hold one another . Three brother , three monk , cry for they mother . the music continue , echoing in this stone monastery . the young " kundun " be gently rock by he older brother . he begin to fall asleep . dream sequence the sound of the concertina become chant and we see row after row of monk , in a temple , they voice mingling in the empty room . View of a courtyard , with young novice , recite . lobsang be among they . boys' voice ( vo ) " May I be the doctor and the medicine , and may I be the nurse , for all sick being in the world , until everyone be heal . " a teacher , a very stern - look monk , carry a thick , flat board , menacingly , behind he back , walk among the student . a golden head of a buddha - a huge head - appear to be burst through a archway at the end of a dark hallway . the chinese Governor stand , like a giant , against the blue sky . omnipotent . frighten . chinese governor I want he accompany by my chinese soldier . keustang rinpoche , also a head against blue sky , argue : keustang rinpoche this be tibet . we be not under you authority . close on the chinese Governor . chinese governor I want one hundred thousand chinese dollar , if you want the boy . close on keustang rinpoche . slowly , he nod . a image of the Father and the mother , stand in they courtyard , stare at the depart search party . the mother ask over and over : mother but why ? who be lhamo ? who do they say he be ? her husband do not know . View of the mother , on the roof , feed cedar and yak chip into the incense burner . we hear : boy ( recite ) " May I be protector for that without one . " draam sequence end lhamo wake up . he be in a brilliant , green room . int . study room , kumbum monastery day the stern-look teacher from he dream be there , read scripture , recite : teacher " May I be a bridge , a boat , a ship for all who wish to cross the water . " lhamo look down at the complicated word . teacher can you recite ? the boy just wait , sad , lonely . the teacher offer lhamo a apricot . lhamo take the fruit . the monk pat the boy 's head , gently , and lhamo take shelter in the kind man 's massive robe . the view become sunlight through deep , maroon wool . int . dreljam day thamo and lobsang sit inside a ïdreljam " - a rough palanquin , which be attach to two pole and carry between two mule . the vehicle rise and fall , pitch and twist as it be carry along the roadless , tibetan plain . lhamo reach forward and pull back a curtain . ext . tibetan plateau day the boy be travel with a caravan . it be not , in fact , a enormous caravan , maybe fifty people , include : lhamo 's family , member of the search party , monk , Muslim trader . the dreljam driver look over at lhamo and signal that the boy should close the curtain . lhamo do so , only to lean across he brother to look out the other side of he tiny carriage . the other side open to a view of the great , empty land . a herd of deer graze beside the traveler . Mountains rise in the distance . a flock of geese fly overhead . lhamo close the curtain . int . dreljam day lhamo elbow he brother . lobsang elbow he back . the two begin to squabble . lhamo you have all the room . lobsang do not be a baby , move over . lhamo you move . lobsang you ! you think you be so big ! they hit and pinch until finally the movement of the carriage stop . the Driver reach in through the open curtain and separate the boy , each to he own side of the dreljam . Inside he tiny carriage , young lhamo now sit quiet and compose . ext . campsite night a cluster of fantastic , tibetan tent be set up ; white cotton tent , with sharp corner , peak ceiling and elaborate , applique design . campfire glow , animal bed down , star shine overhead . int . tibetan tent night close on a group of ancient , stern - face monk . close on the baby - face , lhamo dhondrup . one monk pull a huge pair of scissors from he robe . lhamo make a dive for the tent 's door . ext . tent night stand outside the tent be a bodyguard - a huge , burly man , wear monk 's robe . he turn to the boy . in one hand he hold a big stick . his face be distort and deform by a large tumor under one eye . it be a frightening sight . he look like a monster to the child . lhamo jump back inside the tent . the bodyguard close the applique flap . int . dreljam day lhamo have have a haircut . his mother walk beside the carriage , hold he hand . lhamo who be I ? mother we do not know . ext . plain of tibet night by candlelight , lhamo be transfer from the rugge , simple carriage , to one of exquisite , yellow silk . int . palanquin just before dawn lhamo peek out of the silk curtain as he hear the arrival of many horse , many man . soldier - hundred of tibetan soldier - surround the palanquin . ext . plain , outside lhasa dawn the yellow palanquin be carry across a human border of tibetan noblemen . this fantastic-look man and woman part , and drop to the ground in prostration , as the palanquin move through they welcoming committee . int . peacock tent dawn lhamo walk along a long , pattern carpet , look up , at this lofty tent 's stun , blue silk , ceiling . he be lead to a tall , wooden throne , and he be lift , and then he climb to the top . lhamo settles in a cross-legged position on the brocade cushion . he look down . hundre of monk , abbot , noblemen , nepalese , bhutanese , chinese , even a red-headed englishman - they all bow to lhamo . reting rinpoche , the young Regent of tibet , the man who see this boy 's face in he vision , stand below the throne . he address the crowd : reting rinpoche chenrezi , the buddha of compassion . the wish fulfil jewel . the fourteenth dalai lama . and the Regent turn , hike up he gorgeous robe , and prostrate before the child . reting rinpoche Long life . in the crowd stand lhamo 's mother and Father and lobsang samten . on they face , we must see that they do not realize who they son , they brother , be believe to be . first the mother , and then the Father , bow in front of they youngest child . mother Long life . father Long life . finally , lobsang . lobsang Long life , lhamo . we hear the sound of a great , tibetan horn . we hear peel of childish laughter . int . the potala day lobsang and lhamo skid , slide , skate down the endless , slippery hallway of this huge , labyrinthine monastery . Three monk scurry behind the boy , try to keep up , try to keep the young incarnate from slip out of they sight . they shout , in loud stage whisper : monk kundun ! kundun ! the monk be no match for the little boy , who be quickly out of sight . int . dalai lama' private room the potala day reting rinpoche sit cross-legged on the floor of this brightly - paint , red room . across from he sit lhamo , dress in fine , yellow silk . this be simple room , decorate with statue , deity scroll and mandalas , a altar to buddha . behind a glass case be toy , mix in with the Buddhist artifact : doll , puppet , ball , block , train . reting rinpoche be speak . reting rinpoche Centuries ago , a young boy be bear . his name be gedundrub . the night of he birth , robber come to he home and he family fle hide the baby in a cattle pen . when they return the next day , the baby be safe . they find he guard by a pair of black crow . he be the first dalai lama . the live buddha of compassion . now , you have choose to come back to this life once again . reting blow he nose . reting rinpoche we name you tenzin gyatso . close on lhamo - tenzin gyatso . reting rinpoche you job be simple . you be to love all live thing . just love they . Care for they . have compassion for they . " as long as any live thing draw breath , wherever he shall be , there in compassion , shall the buddha appear , incarnate . " at the curtain behind lhamo , we notice the curly - to shoe of a monk , a man who must be stand in the next room . int . dalai lama' private room day in the room immediately adjacent to this bedroom , we now see the three monk who chase the young boy down the slippery hall . they be the dalai lama 's personal attendant - the master of the ritual , the master of the kitchen , and the master of the robe . ( it be the master of the Kitchen who stand directly behind the curtain . ) the lord chamberlain be also there . he be a monk . a tall , angular man , with almost nordic feature : large , round eye , a yellowish mustache , sharp nose . all of this man will become quite familiar to we , as will the man stand , listen , behind the attendant . he be a sweeper , a man name norbu thundrup , age thirty . he be tall , and gangly , with a wispy beard and a pock -mark face . int . dalai lama' private room day reting rinpoche you will be the leader of the tibetan people when you come of age . until that time , I will be you teacher , and as you Regent , I will rule in you name . I will tell you Lord Chamberlain you be ready to see he . int . adjacent room day the Regent walk through this room on he way out . a pass look from norbu let we know that reting rinpoche be not well - like . reting rinpoche he will see you now . the Lord Chamberlain go to meet with the dalai lama . int . dalai lama' private room day the Lord Chamberlain bow to the boy and then unpack he parcel . he have a roll , parchment document . he have a beautiful , carve , wooden box . the Lord Chamberlain point to the mural on the wall behind the boy . it be a elaborate , story -paint . lord chamberlain fifth dalai lama . the boy look . the Lord Chamberlain point to a golden statue of a round man in a peak hat . lord chambberlain seventh dalai lama . tenzin gyatso nod . the Lord Chamberlain lift a frame photograph of a bald , charismatic man , with razor sharp eyebrow , picture sit on a throne . lord chamberlain Thirteenth dalai lama . the boy look at the photo . the Lord Chamberlain place the state seal in the young boy 's hand and indicate that the boy should bring the heavy instrument down hard on the parchment . the boy do . the Lord Chamberlain scribbles a little something on a tab of attach paper , then bow to the boy . lord chamberlain fourteenth dalai lama . view from a high window outside , up a country path , young herder lead they cattle in from the graze field . we can hear the boy sing - a tibetan street song . tenzin gyatso ( oc ) I be the good one . you be bad . the bad man . int . dalai lama' private room dusk the view come in the window and reveal the young dalai lama , sit on the floor with norbu thundrup , the sweeper . tenzin gyatso have arrange a battlefield of soldier - little man , make of color - dough . norbu thundrup my name be norbu , holiness . I will be good , you be bad . tenzin gyatso be ferocious in he strategy , take norbu 's man . tenzin gyatso I be on a big mountain and hit at the bad man . and after the game , we be go to trade . you just stay over there , no , there ! , norbu , and I will shoot at you . I want you land . I take it . I be stronger . norbu thundrup I be brave . norbu thundrup play like a child . it be a fight to the finish . tenzin gyatso I have more man . norbu thundrup I have smarter man . tenzin gyatso have lose ; he dissolves into tear . norbu thundrup today you lose . tomorrow you may win . norbu snap he finger . norbu thundrup thing change , kundun . tenzin gyatso why be you beard so funny ? let I touch this . tenzin touch the soft , bald , chin of norbu . tenzin gyatso Soft . and then , tenzin gyatso try to snap he finger . he cannot . int . dalai lama' private room dusk tenzin gyatso stand at the window , watch , listen . his hand knead the color dough into ball , ready to create the next army , the future battleground , as he recite , softly : tenzin gyatso " as long as all live draw breath , there buddha be . " norbu thundrup smile as he polish the floor , clear it of tsampa dough . int . great hall , the potala day the great Hall in the potala be the seat of tibetan government . this palace wall be hang with beautiful , old thangkas ( silk embroidery or painting ) , depict the life of buddha . Inside the hall sit the act government : the yigstang and the tsitang - four monk , four laymen - all dress in they appropriate simplicity and elaborateness . this man sit in two row , face one another . the senior monk and the senior layman sit a bit forward . they be the speaker . the senior layman be on he knee , speak . layman I believe that the Regent be ask for too high a reward for he part in find the dalai lama . too much money , too much land . int . hallway day tenzin gyatso peek through a door at the great assembly . the Lord chamberlian stand behind he . int . great hall day the layman continue . layman we treasury be empty . we army be deplete . he would have we pull the hair from we nose . int . hallway day the dalai lama be confuse , but continue listen . int . great hall day the layman return to he cross-legged position . the senior monk speak . monk we note this . now , the chinese . there be audible expression of tension . monk the ally wish to build a supply - road from India , crossing tibet , as part of they war effort . the road would lead directly to China . the layman get to he knee . layman we can not allow it . right now , we have a only a small chinese mission in lhasa , the first since the Thirteenth dalai lama throw they out in 1912 . the road would increase the size of that mission . the chinese would try to control we trade , as they do once before , control we contact with the outside world . int . hallway day the Lord Chamberlain touch the boy 's shoulder and tenzin gyatso leave he hide place , as the speaker 's voice fade away . as the two walk down the hallway , tenzin gyatso spot a unusual wooden door . he let the Lord Chamberlain get a little bit ahead of he , and then the boy try the door . it be heavy . it almost open . int . hallway later , dusk tenzin gyatso and he brother lobsang be pull at the heavy door . behind they , in the distance , we hear : monk ( oc ) kundun ! kundun ! the door open . the boy disappear inside . int . storage room dusk a treasure await they . it look like aladdin 's cave - full of odd , european item . there be glitter music box , a porcelain sink , a gild mirror , a lacquer rock horse . there be hat , umbrella and even a pair of lace - up , cordovan shoe . tenzin gyatso lift a reel of film . there be pile of magazine and book . there be a stack of tire in the back corner . the boy uncover a train set and a good collection of lead soldier . the dalai lama pocket a gold watch . just as the monk find they young charge and we hear they at the door , tenzin see something truly spectacular . it be a telescope . the monk enter the room as the young dalai lama reach for this miracle . tenzin gyatso what be it ? the attendant ah , it be a telescope , holiness . with this you can see a long way . tenzin gyatso and , be it mine ? attendant this be all gift send to you predecessor . lobsang samten yes ! then it be yours ! tenzin gyatso I need it . int . dalai lama' private room night we be in the adjacent room , listen , as norbu thundrup tell a bedtime story . Golden butter lamp burn before a statue of buddha . norbu thundrup ( oc ) one night , not too long ago , a old monk see a woman in that very same hallway where you run away . int . bedroom night the boy be in bed . the sweeper finish - off he story as the boy wiggle deeper under the cover . norbu thundrup she carry a basket in she arm , a big , heavy basket , and the old monk cautiously approach . she open she basket and show what she have . head . human head . only the head . tenzin gyatso be that true or pretend ? norbu thundrup it be a story , you decide . tenzin gyatso pretend . norbu thundrup as you say . the sweeper tuck the boy in as the master of the robe finish he nightly preparation and with a pat and a smile , the two man leave the room . a mouse steal a bit of tsampa from the offering place on the altar before the buddha . tenzin gyatso peek out from under he cover and look to see if that curly - to shoe be visible under the partition . they be . the master of the Kitchen be still near . tenzin gyatso pull the golden pocket watch from under the cover . he pries and dig at the back of the watch until he succeed in pop it open , revealing its miraculous inside . finally , tenzin gyatso 's eyelid grow heavy . the camera pass over he face , as he eye close . the boy begin to speak , mumble , as he fall asleep : tenzin gyatso " I be a island for that who seek one , a lamp for light . " we find two scroll ; the first be penden lhamo , the special protectress of the dalai lama . she ride she wild mule through a sea of blood - between row of jag mountain . point finger and spread toe , she hair go crazy , she fang reveal - the detail be incredible . a garland of freshly severe head hang around she body , snake hold up she skirt , five skull form ber crown . tenzin gyatso ( vo ) " May I be a bed for all who wish to rest , and a slave for all who want a slave . " beside she , on the second scroll be mahakala . he be the fierce representation of the buddha of compassion . crow fly in the cloud to the leave of the terrifying , black , six - armed figure . a skull rosary be hold in the upper right arm , a trident be hold in the leave hand . the deity wear a crown of five skull . he have three eye . he trample a elephant . we might have be in a dream , as the camera finally move back to find the peaceful1 protect face of the young dalai lama . asleep . the camera move across the mural devote to the story of the fifth dalai lama . it be a fantasy of green , with mountain and lake and deity and monster . we find the statue of seventh dalai lama , sit on he golden cushion , and we look , deep into the eye of the Thirteenth dalai lama . fantastic . deeper . deeper . tenzin gyatso " May I be wishing jewel , a magic vase ... view through a eyepiece we see the dalai lama place he young eye at the viewfinder . ext . terrace , potala day norbu thundrup hold the boy steady . and , a wondorous view of lhasa be present . vendor hawk they goods to elegant lady , wear turquoise jewelry and carry silken parasol . animal be herde through town by young boy . Children play and squabble . a white wall be cover with cartoon , lampoon - political poster - picture the Regent , perhaps , as a man hold too much power . tenzin gyatso I want to go down there . norbu thundrup you can only go with attendant and a big ceremony . tenzin gyatso I want to run down the street . I want to buy a toy . eat from the shop . norbu thundrup you cannot . tenzin gyatso I want to be a shepherd , take that goat and cow out to the hillside . norbu thundrup but you be not a shepherd , you be the dalai lama . tenzin gyatso maybe in the next life , the world will not need a dalai lama . nornu thundrup I would not know . maybe . the view travel and we see a prison yard . shackle man share the yard with hairy , fat dog . one man look up and see that the yard be under surveillance . of course the man all know that this terrace belong to the boy dalai lama . as the boy watch , first one poor , rag man , then another prostrate . tenzin gyatso pull away from the telescope . he wave to the prisoner . ext . valley outside lhasa day ( summer , 1942 ) the boy ride in he palanquin of yellow silk . he be older now , seven or eight . he peer through the curtain . a grand procession carry the dalai lama from the potala to he summer residence , the norbulinka . monk walk in procession , as do member of the aristocracy , wear they finest gowns and jewelry , hold they finest parasol , and soldier , wear ancient uniform . there be horse , banner and carriage . bodyguard carry the dalai lama 's possession - wrap in yellow silk . a band play , " God save the King . " it be a magnificent display , and along the side of the road , tibetans prostrate in the presence of the boy , not dare to look at he . ext . the norbulinka day establish shot of this lovely park . Zt look like a sweet , summer home compare to the loom expansiveness of the potala . it be fill with deer and antelope , peacock and nest bird . a eccentric collection of tree grow here - some indigenous , some gift - bear flower and fruit . there be fish pond and even a kyichu river tributary nearby . we find the young dalai lama stand by this tributary dare to put one foot on a slippery , step stone . a attendant gently pull he back . Beyond the river , a herder lead a small group of bray sheep towards town . the boy watch . he listen to the herder 's song . ext . garden , norbulinka day the dalai lama drop bit of food into a fish pond . he call the huge , lazy fish to come eat . tenzin gyatso Little one first , only little one . the boy push the bigger one away with a stick . ext . yellow wall , norbulinka day tenzin gyatso run through a open gate in a mustard yellow wall ( which separate the dalai lama 's residence from the rest of the norbulinka ) , and up the step lead to a white , one story , home - he parent 's . int . parent home , norbulinka day a startling , blue room . the young dalai lama lean on the table where be Father sit eat pork rind . lobsang be there , practice he write on a chalk board . tenzin gyatso grab one pork rind , then another , then a third . lobsang samten the dalai lama be not suppose to eat pork . it be not good for you brain . the Father use the grease from the roast lamb on the table to caress he long mustache and twirl each side into a point . the dalai lama take another , and then , suddenly , the boy reach up and for no reason , he pull on he Father 's mustache , obviously hurt the man . the Father slap the boy 's hand , hard . the boy sit back , and begin draw imaginary letter on the tabletop with he slap hand . his Father reach out and take the hurt hand . he pull the boy into he arm . father I be sorry , lhamo . tenzin gyatso it be alright , Father . the master of the robe knock at the door . Father and son look up . master of the robe kundun , you must come back now . the young boy sit straight up on he Father 's lap and say , defiantly : tenzin gyatso go away . the surprised monk back away from the door . father not the way to talk to people . tenzin gyatso can I do anything I want ? father no . tenzin gyatso but , I be in charge . father be you ? of whom ? the boy think . tenzin gyatso can I save the sheep from go to the market ? so they do not die . lobsang you could buy they . tenzin gyatso do I have money ? lobsang what do you think ? tenzin gyatso do you have money ? father I do , now . tenzin gyatso and you have horse ? you love horse . father I do , beautiful horse . thank you , holiness . tenzin gyatso will you buy the sheep for I ? father where will you keep they ? tenzin gyatso here . we will collect they . father I will buy they for you . tenzin gyatso can I free the prisoner ? father hmmm . lobsang you can not do anything real until you be dalai lama . tenzin gyatso I be he . lobsang not until you be eighteen . mother ( oc ) you have escape once more . the mother have be in the doorway , listen . tenzin gyatso disengage from he Father 's arm and go to he mother . tenzin reach into one of she large , apron pocket and find nothing . another. nothing . he reach into she sash and pull out a special - look sweet . she take the boy 's hand and lead he from the house . lobsang go study . I get in trouble if you do not study . lobsang look at he Father . lobsang I do . father sometimes you strike the goat , to scare the sheep . lobsang I be the goat . he be a naughty sheep . father he will not be ours much longer . close on the Father 's face . ext . garden , norbulinka day the mother walk the boy back to he residence , through the gate in the yellow wall . mother I have news . the Regent have resign he post . tenzin gyatso be he a bad man ? norbu say he be " lavish " and " willful " . " how can he give you monk 's vow if he have not keep they himself ? " mother well , some say . it 's not for you to worry about . another will be choose . tenzin gyatso he be always nice to I . he find I . he see I in he dream . ext . dalai lama' residence , norbulinka day they have reach the residence . the boy 's mother caress he little head . mother I turn you over again , today , lhamo . one day , you will not be able to come run to we . tenzin gyatso but you will always be here ? mother I ? tenzin gyatso you will always ! mother I have one more piece of news . a baby be come . tenzin grab at she stomach and shriek with laughter . tenzin gyatso oh , mama ! who will it be ? the mother place she hand on tenzin gyatso 's . mother oh , no ! who can it be ? a string of old monk , stand , wait for the naughty boy . int . entrance hall , dalai lama' residence , norbulinka , day the boy run up the stair and towards the old man , but he stop and look at a small cabinet stand , unobtrusively , in a corner . tenzin gyatso go to the cabinet and rattles the lock door . tenzin gyatso my tooth ! my tooth be in here ! a monk take the boy by the hand and lead he down a hallway . tenzin gyatso my old tooth ! int . dalai lama' private room , evening a bell and a dorge be laid out on a small table . tenzin gyatso sit in front of this table . a monk be chant in low , deep tone , in the background . the dalai lama 's teacher , taktra rinpoche , sit on the floor . ( be the teacher , taktra rinpoche sit slightly higher than the dalai lama . ) taktra be a older man , in he sixty . he be stern , solid , no -nonsense . taktra rinpoche begin a prayer . taktra rinpoche " I take refuge in the three jewel , the buddha , the Dharma and the sangra . " but the boy leap up from he table and go to taktra and hang around he neck , shouting : tenzin gyatso you recite ! you recite ! taktra give the boy just the slight of look . taktra rinpoche " I take refuge in the three jewel , the buddha , the Dharma and the sangra . " tenzin gyatso release the lama and go back to he own table . taktra rinpoche " until I attain enlightenment . " taktra rinpoche have a small table with the same hand instrument in front of he . the teacher lift the dorge , in a particular fashion , and rotate it . tenzin gyatso lift he dorge . taktra 's hand move to the boy 's and show he the correct movement . it be try again . now , the bell be lift and rung . tenzin gyatso I would like you to be my new Regent . taktra stop . he nod to the boy . as the chant continue , taktra rinpoche begin a weaving motion with he hand , delicate , beautiful , hypnotic . tenzin gyatso copy the elder . we be close on the boy 's move hand . the chant become the voice of a hundred man , as we fade out . fade in : on the boy 's hand , but they be a little larger - they be the hand of a eleven or twelve year - old boy - and the motion they carry out be on the verge of become extraordinarily beautiful . int . dark room , potala evening ( 1944 ) tenzin gyatso sit alone , in a small , dark green , room . he be older . his robe have change slightly , he manner be more refine , more dignify . he be on a retreat . there be a soft knock at the door . the door be open and food be place inside the small room by bodiless hand . tenzin gyatso collect he food . he sip he tea and eat he tsampa , while read from a long , narrow stack of scripture . thangkas of milerapa - the great tibetan poet and teacher - hang on the wall . we notice the curly - to shoe of the master of the Kitchen , just visible beneath the wooden door . ext . courtyard , the potala night the boy walk alone , move to the rhythm of a memorization . his breath consolidate in the cold night air . the sky be brilliant with star . tenzin gyatso ( recite ) " as long as any live thing draw breath , wherever he shall be , there , in compassion , shall the buddha appear , incarnate . " int . dalai lama' private room , the potala day School be in session . ling rinpoche be teach . ling be a young , shy , brilliant monk , with a very round face . he be now senior tutor . ling rinpoche the four Noble truths . tenzin gyatso , sit cross legge on a cushion , respond . tenzin gyatso the four Noble truths , as teach by the Lord sakyamuni buddha be : the Truth of suffer the Truth of the Cause of suffer , the Truth of the cessation of suffer , the Truth of the Way which lead to the cessation of suffer . ling rinpoche I accept it . what be suffer ? tenzin gyatso true suffer arise from contaminate action and affliction . birth , illness , grief , old age , poverty , pain , death - this be surfering . ling rinpoche I accept it . what be the cause of suffer ? tenzin gyatso the cause of suffer arise from true source . attachment , desire , envy , hatred , greed , unkindness , wrong view and so forth - this be some cause of suffer . now we CUT back to ling rinpoche , but he be stand , outside , in a courtyard . he ask another question , but he raise he right hand as he speak , and lower he leave , complete the question with a clap of the hand . ext . courtyard , the potala day it be a beautiful , blue-sky day . the dalai lama be learn " debate " . High lama sit on tapestry pillow , under applique canopy , observe . Young monk can be see , watch , from a great distance . the Lord Chamberlain sit to one side . taktra rinpoche , now Regent , be beside he . the dalai lama sit on the ground at ling 's foot . ling rinpoche how do one progress from the realization of one Noble Truth to another ? ( clap ) a long silence from his holiness . the lama wait on tender hook . finally , the boy say : tenzin gyatso we will have to think about that . there be laughter . even ling rinpoche laugh and the boy erupt into he beautiful , free , easy laugh . tenzin gyatso I need to squeeze this brain . ling rinpoche answer. ( clap ) a pause , and then : tenzin gyatso when one understand that he cause some of he own suffer , needlessly , then he look for the cause in he own life . and when and he look for that cause , when he investigate , then he be put confidence in he own ability to eliminate the source and end the suffer . a wish to find a path to peace arise . for all being desire happiness . all wish to find they purest selve . ling nod in approval . he look to the elder . ling rinpoche I accept it . taktra rinpoche and the Lord Chamberlain be proud . ext . same courtyard dusk tenzin gyatso run up a slant board and leap off the edge - a big jump , a fly leap . he fall to the ground , then get up , laugh , and run up the board again . the same old monk who watch he debate , watch he play . the Lord Chamberlain and taktra rinpoche be among they . the Lord Chamberlain obviously love watch he young charge play . the Regent be not so sure . taktra rinpoche careful ! careful ! tenzin gyatso shout : tenzin gyatso I need to jump ! I love to jump ! int . dalai lama' private room , the potala night the nechung Oracle be the protective deity of tibet . tonight , he be in full trance . it be a amazing sight . the monk who be he medium spin and twirl , he wag he heavy headdress about . a round mirror glitter on he chest . sweat pour from he brow , over he wildly grimace face . the Oracle spit at the government official in the room . horn blow , cymbal crash , incense burn . the Oracle near the dalai lama and retreat from he . finally , he whisper in the boy' ear . ORACLE heed the warning of you predecessor . or the war will end here . and then , the Oracle gently straighten tenzin gyatso 's yellow robe , before the trance end and the Oracle fall into the arm of he attendant . int . dalai lama' private room night wind whistle through the potala 's hallway and portico . the master of the Kitchen be clear away the dinner dish . the view of the floor reveal that a " toy " war be be wage . with a " meccano " set , the young dalai lama have create what look like a airplane , and a tank . this vehicle be manned by beautifully detailed lead soldier - british World War one field soldier , french legionary and american artillery man . norbu thundrup , be fly low with a tsampa~dough airplane . he drop little tsampa-dough bomb from he hand . he hit a tank and knock down a few lead soldier . tenzin gyatso oh , nicely do , norbu . I will get you . the Lord Chamberlain enter . lord chamberlain May I listen to the news with you , holiness ? tenzin gyatso please . a large , old - fashioned , short - wave radio broadcast that there be still a real war in progress . the BBC report be of the Pacific front . tenzin gyatso how big be tibet 's army ? lord cpiamberlain roughly five thousand man . tenzin gyatso be that big ? lord chamberlain no . not very big . tenzin gyatso the Regent be add man . and he buy rifle and ammunition from India . Mountain gun , too . the broadcast report news of the civil war in China . tenzin gyatso will we be in this war ? lord chamberlain no . this war be almost over . tenzin gyatso will we ever be in war ? the Lord Chamberlain be silent . norbu answer . norbu thundrup we have enemy . tenzin gyatso the chinese . norbu thundrup yes . tenzin gyatso but , surely , we be safe in tibet . we do not believe in kill . lord chamberlain no , we do not . tenzin gyatso get to he foot and take a atla from he table . he lay the book open on the floor . tenzin gyatso this be Britain . norbu thundrup ahh . tenzin gyatso where be Poland ? the Lord chamberlain sit on the floor . he point to Poland . tenzin gyatso where be Pearl Harbor ? the master of the Kitchen come to look at the atla . lord chamberlain in the Pacific Ocean . it be a island . american territory . tenzin gyatso where be alsace ? lord chamberlain I do not know , holiness . tenzin gyatso turn to a well thumbed page : tibet . tenzin gyatso this be tibet . and this be China . norbu thundrup ahh . they all look at huge China . tenzin gyatso certainly , we be safe in tibet . no one answer . finally , as norbu thundrup begin to gather up the tsampa - dough : norbu thundrup we hope , kundun . tenzin gyatso turn to the Lord Chamberlain . tenzin gyatso what be the warning of the Thirteenth dalai lama ? lord chamberlain he warn about the future of tibet . tenzin gyatso tell I . lord chamberlain when it be time . int . garden , norbulinka day his holiness work on a old movie projector . a white - haire , chinese monk work with he . the old monk have very little patience . he bang he hand on the table , and huff and puff as the two try again to fiddle with this and that . tenzin gyatso work diligently and calmly . tenzin gyatso patience be the first of the six perfection . the old monk mutter something in chinese . they thread a roll of dusty film into the reel and spin the wheel . the film break . the old monk bang the table again . the work continue . tenzin gyatso one day , we will get that automobile run . the monk slap he head in horrid anticipation . int . dark room , norbulinka night a movie begin , show on a piece of cloth tack to a wall . it be a newsreel - footage from World War one . the trenches . the boy go up to the cloth screen and touch it gently , play with he own shadow as man dash from foxhole across a muddy , body strewn field . the boy step back and stare at the horror of real war ; man sleep in the muddy foxhole , make - shift hospital tend the die . youth - not much older than his holiness - weep into they filthy , bloody hand . the Old monk keep he tremble hand on the noisy , hand - operate , projector . tenzin gyatso slowly sit , cross -legge , on the bare floor . War do not look good on film . int . dalai lama' private room , norbulinka night the boy sit alone , in front of he altar , praying . meditating . int . altar room , the norbulinka day a black room , light by butter lamp . taktra rinpoche and tenzin gyatso sit opposite one another , cross-legged on the floor . taktra be the teacher , he sit a bit higher . the room be a shrine to mahakala , the dalai lama 's personal deity . mahakala be present , in the form of a huge , golden statue . the boy have he head bent low to catch the rinpoche 's word . there be much gesture , much murmure . we might catch only a word or two . a oral teach be be pass on , a lineage teach . it be sacred and secret . ext . upper courtyard , the potala day close on a thangka of penden lhamo . we hear monk debate . it be ling rinpoche answer , play the student . ling rinpoche " to be bear in a time when the buddha have appear . to be bear in a time when the buddha have teach . to be bear when the teach of buddha be alive . " we find his holiness , sit , listen to the debate . ling rinpoche " to be bear where the dharma be practice . to be bear in a time when people have compassion for other people . " the view widen now and we be under a softly billow , applique canopy . maybe fifty monk and lama be present . this be a informal group . questioner how be human life precious ? ling rinpoche as a result of previous karma , you have obtain this human life . by mean of this rebirth , through work and study , you can attain all everlast happiness . in the word of shantideva : " with the boat of this precious life , you can cross the water of samsara . how rare to find this boat ! " " oh , ignorant one , do not fall asleep now ! " Shots ring out . the man jump to they foot , and rush out from under the canopy . the dalai lama be right in front . more shot as the man stare out across the countryside . we hear murmur of : voice Sera , Sera monastery . reting . under arrest . the army be take he right past Sera ! monastery ! that crazy monk ! have be threaten trouble . reting try to assassinate taktra rinpoche . we hear this snippet as the dalai lama run from the group . int . hallway , potala day it be almost black inside this old building . the panting boy run up and up and up several staircase . int . hallway day tenzin gyatso run down the hall and enter he red room . int . dalai lama' private room day norbu thundrup be in the room and he move ahead of the boy - out to the terrace . ext . dalai lama' terrace day tenzin gyatso climb up on a small , wooden platform , and man he telescope . tenzin gyatso it 's the army , fire on Sera monastery ! oh , no ! oh , no ! the shoot continue . tenzin gyatso why be this ? what be happen ? tell I ! norbu thundrup reting rinpoche have be arrest . he try to overthrow Regent taktra . today , he be bring back to lhasa by government official . the monk at Sera monastery have be on he side . now , there be trouble between they and the army . the Lord Chamberlain arrive on the terrace . lord chamberlain I be sorry for you to have to witness this , kundun . tenzin gyatso look here ! the Lord Chamberlain peer through the telescope as the shoot continue . lord chamberlain tragic . unnecessary . the Lord Chamberlain step away from the telescope and the boy take he place . the shoot slowly stop . lord chamberlain holiness ? I have a letter . the boy look up . lord chamberlain the Thirteenth dalai lama 's warning . he write to you , the year before he die . the year before you be bear . the Lord Chamberlain walk to a far , shelter end of the terrace . tenzin gyatso slowly turn the telescope to see the prison yard . View through the telescope ; the yard be full of prisoner , listen to the shoot . one man see the telescope aim at the prison and prostrate . then another , and another . tenzin gyatso step away from the telescope and turn to follow he Lord Chamberlain . ext . other side of terrace day the Lord Chamberlain open a yellowing letter and begin to read . tenzin gyatso sit down beside he . lord chamberlain " it may happen , that here in tibet , religion and government will be attack both from without and within . unless we guard we own country ... " close on the Lord Chamberlain . today , he appear tired ; the white of he eye appear enormous . his voice be quite beautiful . lord chamberlain " ... it will now happen that the dalai and panchen lama , the Father and the Son , and all the revere holder of the faith , will disappear and become nameless . " tenzin gyatso unwind the rosary from he wrist and begin thumbing the brown bead . lord chamberlain " monk and they monastery will be destroy . the rule of law will be weaken . the land and property will be seize . they themselves will be force to serve they enemy or wander the country like beggar . " " all being will be sink in great hardship and overwhelming fear ; the day and night will drag on slowly in suffer . " he be finish . tenzin gyatso what can I do ? I be only a boy . lord chamberlain you be the man who write this letter . you be the man who have come back to lead we . you will soon have great responsibility . you must know what to do . int . dalai lama' private room , adjacent room , day the Regent and the Lord Chamberlain be present . also present be the kashag - a council of four man : one monk , three laymen . they be the dalai lama 's advisory cabinet . int . dalai lama' private room day the boy rise from he desk . norbu say : norbu thundrup you remember who you be . you call for they . tenzin gyatso enter the adjacent room . int . adjacent room day the boy climb onto a cushion and sit - a head above he official . he be tentative , unsure of form and procedure . there be a awkward , formal silence . then : tenzin gyatso taktra rinpoche , I understand there be a attempt on you life . taktra rinpoche it be possible , holiness . tenzin gyatso you be unharme ? taktra rinpoche completely . tenzin gyatso good . where be reting rinpoche now ? kashag member he have be imprison , here in the potala , holiness . tenzin gyatso the Sera monk have surrender ? kashag member it be calm . the boy motion to the table . tenzin gyatso please , have tea . the tea be pour . tenzin gyatso I need to know what you know . I be no longer a child . lord chamberlain ask whatever you will . tenzin gyatso what be the danger from the chinese , now ? kashag member very complicated , holiness . let I tell you current news . the chinese have launch a deceptive campaign aim at convincing the world that tibet belong to China . we send a mission to the chinese National Conference . we attendance be a grave mistake . the tibetans be introduce as delegate from the " chinese region of tibet " . we protest this reference and demand a letter rebutte it . tenzin gyatso do you receive the letter ? kashag member we do not . lord chamberlain the war be over . this be a time in when nation be redefining themselves . tenzin gyatso so , tibet , too , need to define itself . lord chamberlain yes . as a free country . but we attempt have prove futile . we continue to be badly outmaneuvered by the chinese . tenzin gyatso can India help we ? lord chamberlain India be a newly independent nation . they be struggle . India be in no position to help we . tenzin gyatso Britain ? lord chamberlain Britain choose not to . tenzin gyatso and , America ? lord chamberlain America , we shall see . tenzin gyatso ask the chinese mission to leave we country . immediately . a shocking suggestion . lord chamberlain quite simple . yes. good . tenzin gyatso I shall send a letter to America , to the President , inform he of we problem . the man agree to this . tenzin gyatso I want reting rinpoche well care for . he be my teacher . he find I . int . dalai lama' private room night the dalai lama sit at he desk , write a letter . the radio be on . it be the BBC - with news of a Communist advantage in kuomintang China . norbu thundrup enter . the boy look up . tenzin gyatso listen to this , norbu. ( he read ) : to Mr Truman the President of the United States of America I be glad that you be enjoy the best of health and do good service to uplift the happiness and prosperity of the whole world . here , I be well and do my best for the religion of Lord buddha and welfare of all being . this be all , so far . norbu thundrup reting rinpoche have die in prison . tenzin gyatso lay down he pen . ext . dalai lama' terrace night tenzin gyatso be alone . he have a little smelting arrangement build out on the terrace . he lay a lead soldier on the hot bottom of a heavy , metal bowl . close on the soldier . it begin to melt . the boy have a pile of the soldier . he drop a second one in the bowl . we bear the sound of lhasa - laughter , street song - and we see the star , hang , it seem , just above the young boy 's head . ext . norbulinka day the young tenzin gyatso burst through the gate in the yellow Wall and run across the beautiful garden to he parent 's home . int . parentss home , norbulinka day a family gather meet the boy' eye when he enter . there be he mother , he oldest sister , tsering dolma , lobsang samten , a young sister , pema , baby brother tendzin chuta , and he oldest brother , takster . we do not recognize this face , of course , but the gather be obviously familial . only the boy 's Father be miss . tenzin gyatso go to he mother and lay he head in she lap . on a altar behind she , be a silver frame . in the frame be a picture of she husband . dream sequence ext . hilltop dawn the body of the dalai lama 's Father lay on a flat boulder . incense smoke curl into the air . prayer wheel be turn , hand drum be play - the burial man stand off to one side , they hatchet and knife in view . tenzin gyatso be present . he be the boy we know , but beside he stand the four year - old boy , lhamo , from the beginning of the movie , and on the other side of he stand the boy who will play the dalai lama in the next section of the film - a boy about fifteen or sixteen . tenzin gyatso wrap he brown rosary around he leave wrist . the bead catch the brilliant afternoon light . the sixteen year - old dalai lama wear the same color rosary around he leave wrist . the cutter move in to the corpse , and as we hear they begin the work of dismember the body , the view pan up to reveal the vulture circle overhead . the last person leave the hilltop with be the dalai lama as a older man - not a character from this movie - but a man of about fifty year , wear glass , wear the same robe , the same rosary . Little lhamo walk beside he . end dream sequence ext . sky over tibet night we hear a loud explosion , and then another and another and another . the sound begin to fade , but the blue-black , peaceful , star-filled sky be shattered by bright burst of red and yellow and pink light . it be a frightening sight . ext . garden , norbulinka dawn ( 1950 ) the still water of the fish pond begin to move . the fish swim in nervous circle ; the water lap over its stone bank . ext . dalai lama' residence dawn the whole building shake . earthquake . one monk run down the stair , another monk run up , both stare at a second floor window - a black -rimm , glass window . a red cloth be pull back and the window be open . the fifteen year - old tenzin gyatso look out . there be a terrible rumbling : the rumbling that accompany a earthquake . finally , slowly , the sound , and the movement subside . close on tenzin gyatso . he let the curtain fall . int . great hall , the potala day the General Assembly be in session . once again , the yigstang and the tsitang - four monk and four laymen - sit face one another . but the room be crowded today - this be a full session . the Lord chamberlain sit in . Regent taktra be there . the senior layman be on he knee . layman the Communist have control of China . in the back of the room we notice a open door . int . hallway day the dalai lama be listen . he stand taller than the first time we catch he eavesdropp . he still be not a part of this assembly , but he do not seem to care if he be spot . int . great hall day the layman continue . layman now , as he great army , stand idle on we border , Chairman mao have present tibet with three demand : one , tibet must accept that it be part of China . a murmure in the room . int . hallway day shock on the face of his holiness . layman ( oc ) two , tibet 's defense must be handle by China . Three , all political and trade matter concern foreign country must be conduct through China . a voice shout out : voice in back of room ( oc ) give the dalai lama he majority ! int . great hall day the senior monk be on he knee . monk we can concede that tibet be a part of China if we can guarantee that the dalai lama 's name and authority will remain ... layman and do you believe that the tibetan government will be allow to continue to function as it be ? do you believe that we religion will be protect ? voice give the dalai lama he majority ! monk we have deal with this chinese obsession for hundred of year . we can deal with it now . layman this be not the chinese we know . this be Communists . voice make he dalai lama now ! we see the Lord Chamberlain look toward the open door . int . hallway day tenzin gyatso look at he advisor , and then , he close the door as the demand for he enthronement continue . he walk down the hall , past the door lead to the treasure room , alone now - a adult . he be wear that european , lace - up shoe find in the treasure room so long ago . they be still too big for he . ext . tributary of the kyichu river , norbulinka day tenzin gyatso and taktra rinpoche walk side by side along the waterway . tenzin gyatso if we agree that we be part of China , nothing else will matter . not trade , not defense . we will be lose . taktra rinpoche what would you do , holiness ? the boy look out over the water . shepherd be lead they flock of sheep back toward town on the far side of the tributary . the two man stand side by side , one so young , one seem so old . tenzin gyatso what should I do about my doubt , teacher ? taktra rinpoche it be a difficult situation . tenzin gyatso I mean , my doubt . why I ? be I him ? taktra rinpoche doubt be a affliction . reliquish it . accept . pause . tenzin gyatso I believe we must make no concesion to the chinese . but , I be one voice . the dalai lama have always trust in the force of buddha . let we consult the protective deity . taktra rinpoche bow and leave he . tenzin gyatso stand alone by the river . the boy watch the herder , and before the young shepherd disappear from sight , the dalai lama turn and wave a hand behind he . two bodyguard approach . we can not hear , but as the dalai lama walk away from we , down the river , one bodyguard run up river , shouting : bodyguard ( shouting ) we will buy they ! we will buy they ! int . altar room , norbulinka day in this black room , under the protective view of the statue of mahakala , a divine lottery be perform . tenzin gyatso , the Regent taktra rinpoche , the Lord chamberlain , the kashag , the yigstang and the tsitang be all present . tsampa-dough ball be make , three of they , each contain a strip of parchment , bear write . the dough be shape and weigh to see that each ball be equal . then , the three ball be place in a silver bowl and the bowl be spun . the ball whirl , race , and finally one leap from the bowl . this ball be take to the dalai lama and he make a mark on it . the ball be return to the bowl , the procedure be repeat , and a ball leap again , almost immediately . this ball be present and the dalai lama place he mark - next to the mark he just make . it be the same ball . tenzin gyatso make the twelfth mark on the same ball , and the spin begin again and then the thirteenth mark , and then the ball be break open and the strip of parchment hand to the Regent . taktra rinpoche we should not accept any condition from the chinese . ext . garden , norbulinka day in a paved area , adjacent to the yellow Wall which mark the dalai lama 's private grounds , the Opera Festival have begin . this festival involve performance by tibetan singer , dancer and actor . it look to be a joyous occasion ; official and they wife be dress in they finest and sit before beautifully laid picnic . Children run here and there , amidst the monk and nomad , the swashbuckle khambas from eastern tibet ( large people , with heavy braid wrap in red cloth on top of they head ) . there be westerner , nepalese and sikimese . dancer - dress in wild , colorful outfit - spin and leap in time to the eerie , tibetan music . atop a low building on the yellow Wall , stand a elaborate enclosure - drape in yellow silk . the dalai lama sit inside it . int . enclosure day tenzin gyatso be alone in this little room ; he arm rest on a window ledge as he stare down at the festival take place below he . ext . garden day a bit more of the dancer and the people enjoy themselves - all from the isolate point of view of the dalai lama . we recognize a few character : keustang rinpoche . his holiness 's mother with she young child , the favorite sweeper , norbu thundrup - dress in a fine hat . but a distant figure become apparent - he be a messenger - he be run , through the crowd , toward the yellow Wall . we stay on this desperate little figure as he draw closer . int . enclosure day the boy be watch the Messenger . ext . garden day back to that messenger as he work he way , ever closer to the building which hold the dalai lama aloft , and then we lose sight of he . int . enclosure day tenzin gyatso lean back in he seat . the yellow silk curtain that he elbow have hold open now fall close and we hear the heavy footstep of the runner . a knock . taktra rinpoche ( oc ) enter . the Regent be next door . the boy climb up on a chest and peek through a tiny window in the wall which separate this enclosure from the Regent 's . taktra rinpoche read a telegram . his aging face become quite grave . the Regent leave he side of the enclosure . regent ( oc ) summon the Lord Chamberlain and the kashag . and then , there be a knock on the dalai lama 's door . tenzin gyatso enter . it be the Regent . regent taktra holiness . tenzin gyatso yes . regent taktra the chinese have invade . ext . garden , norbulinka day back to a new group of performer - satirist , dress as high lama and monk - even as the nechung Oracle - lampoon the ruler . the crowd roar with laughter . int . dalai lama' private room , norbulinka dusk the Lord Chamberlain stand with the teenage dalai lama . the room be a violent red in the sunset . tenzin gyatso have clear off he table , he be create a three - dimensional battlefield as he Lord Chamberlain explain the situation . tenzin gyatso use papers , book , little statue to bring a physical life to the word we hear . lord chamberlain they cross the river , holiness . they have invade in six location , chando Province , kham , eastern tibet . tenzin gyatso what be the size of we army , now ? lord chamberlain eight thousand , five hundred , soldier and officer . we have recently request mortar , anti-aircraft gun and ammunition from India . we have several hundred in the area . Little statue be place face what stand - in for the river . the Lord Chamberlain help the boy to create this panorama . tenzin gyatso have anyone die ? lord chmberlain the radio contact say one officer have die . then he say , " the chinese soldier - they be come . " and then , the radio go dead . tenzin gyatso lift one statue , a small , golden buddha , from the display . he cradle the buddha in he hand . tenzin gyatso one man . a man have die . one man be too many . int . dalai lama' private room , norbulinka day in beautiful sunlight , the paint cabinet of this room glisten . rainbow of color play on the glass window . the dalai lama sit at a low table , a pack of color pencil , or pastel , spread out around he . he be teach he little brother to draw . together , little hand in bigger hand , they draw . the dalai lama 's mother sit in a side chair , watch she son . the little boy scream with laughter as the brother draw a yak . ext . garden , norbulinka night a movie be be show - outside - on a makeshift screen . it be " Henry the fourth " . this be a treat for the sweeper , and gardener and servant . child sit on the grass , mesmerize by this incredible vision . tenzin gyatso sit beside heinrich harrer . the boy rub he eye wearily . he appear distract . this line be speak by a actor : actor in movie " heavy lie the head , that wear the crown . " close on tenzin gyatso . ext . road behind norbulinka day the dalai lama sit behind the wheel of a 1927 Austin . he be a lousy driver - a boy who never command a wheeled vehicle in all of he young life . the attendant sit in the back seat , hold on for dear life . we hear tenzin gyatso 's wonderful , deep laugh . int . dalai lama' private room , the potala night tenzin gyatso be listen to Peking Radio . norbu thundrup be with he . the boy tinker with a clock as he listen - he be swiftly become a master tinkerer . radio " this week , the people 's Liberation Army cross the drichu River east of chamdo and begin the peaceful liberation of tibet . tibet be in the hand of imperialist enemy of the people . the dalai lama , a foolish reminder of a illiterate past , be the figure head of this autonomous region of China . accept we help , tibet ! the people shall be free ! " tenzin gyatso what do the people say , norbu ? norbu be not shy in he report . norbu thundrup tibetan official have retreat from chamdo . they be scared and run . the chinese strategy have destroy the heart of we defense force . chamdo fall , several other village be lose . you know what happen . the road to lhasa will be wide open . tenzin gyatso listen carefully to the man . norbu thundrup the people want you make dalai lama . tenzin gyatso then , I be lucky . I be still too young . norbu thundrup this be dangerous time . they want the dalai lama to lead they . tenzin gyatso but , I have no experience . norbu thundrup oh , but you do , kundun . who else would be here ? int . dalai lama' private room , the potala night the nechung Oracle spin in he trance . horn blow , cymbal clash , the Oracle spurt sound as lama chant . finally , the Oracle approach the boy , stand beside he , like a lieutenant , a comrade , and say : ORACLE " his time have come . " ext . terrace , the potala day the dalai lama be read - tibet 's appeal to the United Nations . tenzin gyatso " to the member of the United Nations : the attention of the world be rivete on Korea where aggression be be resist by a international force . similar happening in remote tibet be pass without notice . the problem be not of tibet 's own make but be largely the outcome of unthwart chinese ambition to bring weaker nation on she periphery within she active domination . " this be very good . quite strong . the Lord Chamberlain and the four member of the kashag agree . the boy continue : tenzin gyatso " tibetans have for long live a cloistered life in they mountain fastness , remote and aloof ... " in the background , we see monk on top of a wall , long horn in front of they . the blow begin . in a courtyard below , a debate session be in progress . we hear the shout and the clap and watch the beautiful body movement of the questioner . laughter fill the air . below that , the small capital of tibet - the mysterious city , the forbidden city of lhasa - carry on , for now . int . dalai lama' private room , the potala night a monk - a abbot , in fact - sit beside tenzin gyatso . it be takster rinpoche , the dalai lama 's oldest brother . takster rinpoche I be never alone . two chinese be with I every minute of the day . tenzin gyatso play with a box of that special sweet which come from he mother . takster rinpoche they talk be always of liberation and helpfulness . they put they word like honey on a knife , but if you lick the honey , you will bleed . takster rinpoche begin to say something , but hold back . tenzin gyatso tell I . takster rinpoche they think they have convinced I . they think I be on they side . they have allow I to leave kumbum and come to lhasa believe that I will try to turn you to they way . if I do not succeed , I be to eliminate you . tenzin gyatso you , kill I ? takster rinpoche eliminate you . the tension be great , the idea profound . tarster rinpoche I can be Governor of lhasa , they say . the brother try to resist , but cannot . they laugh like crazy . takster rinpoche do not eat all that sweet . you will get sick . tenzin gyatso do you remember the day I come to you monastery , when I be a baby ? and you comfort I ? takster rinpoche I do . tenzin gyatso I remember , too , actually . I be frighten then . I be frighten now . takster rinpoche the chinese have one goal . the complete dissolution of we nation . the destruction of we culture . there be no room for buddha in they world . we only hope be to fight . tenzin gyatso we cannot . takster rinpoche this be not a fight to put bread just in one 's own mouth . this be a fight for tibet . tenzin gyatso buddha teach that we must learn from we enemy . we have compassion for all people . takster rinpoche this be not human being . they be worse than ghost . silence . takster rinpoche you be in great danger . the dalai lama can not fall into chinese hand . you must flee . tenzin gyatso how could I ever leave ? takster rinpoche it may not be you decision to make . int . dalai lama' private room , the potala day in the adjacent room , the four member of the kashag and the Lord Chamberlain be wait . the dalai lama enter the room . the boy go to a small table where a document be unroll before he . tenzin gyatso lift the gold seal of power and affix it to the document . tenzin gyatso I accept it . he make he mark on a small piece of parchment that be attach to the document . he have accept the request to be enthrone . int . dalai lama' private room hour before dawn the master of the robe be help tenzin gyatso to dress . he tie a piece of green cloth around he waist and help he on with he maroon robe . norbu be there , watch . int . hall of the potala pre-dawn tenzin gyatso walk down this dark hall . the three attendant be with he . int . temple dawn it be very dark green . butter lamp highlight certain face - member of the kashag , noblemen , the tutor , a englishman , nepalese , bhutanese , tibetan Muslims - but the darkness conceal the great number of people present . we hear the unmistakable tibetan horn and cymbal . we hear the chant of monk . the boy be hand a Golden wheel , symbolize the assumption of temporal power . at one moment , the lama all put on they yellow hat - a color that peek at we out of this dark room . and we hear a voice : tenzin gyatso ( vo ) we shall send delegation to America , India , Nepal and great Britain , in hope that this country will intervene on we behalf . int . dalai lama' private room , the potala day the dalai lama address the yistang , the tsitang . two new face be present . tenzin gyatso we have telegraphed we appeal to the United Nations and await its reply . I be send a delegation to China to negotiate the chinese withdrawal . he look around this room . tenzin gyatso it seem that I must depart lhasa . the majority will it . lukhangwa and lobsang tashi ? the two man rise to they knee - lukhangwa , a incredible look layman , with a long white beard , and lobsang tashi , a monk . tenzin gyatso I be make you my Prime minister . you will stay here . you must always keep I inform , no matter how bad the news . I want plain information . the man bow to his holiness . tenzin gyatso today , I declare a general amnesty . I have always want to free the prisoner . int . dalai lama' private room , the potala dusk tenzin gyatso be pack . we hear whisper in the adjacent room as the Masters of the robe and the ritual organize belonging into pile : roll thangkas , precious manuscript , maroon robe , a few english book , the radio . the boy find a few golden coin in a drawer and slip they into he robe . tenzin gyatso add a package of tool , a atla , the photo of the Thirteenth dalai lama , the european shoe . then , he go to the terrace . ext . terrace , the potala dusk the boy do not need a footstool anymore . he glide the telescope across the countryside , catch sight of the young herder lead they sheep back into town . he pick up a corner of the market place and the hub - bub of the end of the day . Wall poster show tibetan soldier flee the Red Army . and then , he aim he view - finder at the prison yard . it be empty . the prisoner be go . norbu thundrup ( oc ) it 's time to take this down . tenzin gyatso let go of the eyepiece and turn to see norbu . tenzin gyatso you will not come ? norbu thundrup no , holiness . tenzin gyatso be I run away ? norbu thundrup the people will cry when they learn you be go . but they would all want you safe . together , the friend break - down the telescope . norbu thundrup let I take this . norbu fold up the tripod . norbu thundrup you must study very hard , do not neglect the holy thing during this time . tenzin gyatso I will miss you . norbu thundrup we have have fun , you and I . fun for a little boy in a old palace . tenzin gyatso we have . norbu thundrup you have grow up very good . tenzin gyatso and you have grow older and you chin have grow balder . norbu laugh . the telescope be wrap . norbu thundrup tonight , kundun , you see the world . you place you foot on the shepherd boy 's path . norbu thundrup tie a tight knot in a cord . norbu thundrup " the god will be avenge . " close on the gold seal of state as it be pack in a silk - line box . ext . potala wall night tenzin gyatso - dress in the warm , woolen chuba of a layman - keep he back against the wall . norbu be beside he , carry a flashlight . a bodyguard come for they , and then , the dalai lama be outside the potala wall . ext . potala night the small group walk down a rocky path . a grey horse be wait . tenzin gyatso be help onto the horse . norbu see that he be comfortable , and then , the flashlight go out . norbu fiddle with it . tenzin gyatso take the torch and try get it work again . the Guard mount he horse . it be time to go . the horse snort , they breath consolidate the cold night air . tenzin gyatso can not speak . he try , but he cannot . norbu take the flashlight . norbu thundrup I will send it to you . it will work . the horse be turn and the dalai lama be lead away to join the soldier at the foot of the path . tenzin gyatso turn once , to see he friend . the night be dark . norbu have become invisible . ext . countryside night a cold and moonless night , light only by the million of star that shine over tibet . the caravan - make up of noblemen , monk , family mamber and over two hundred soldier ( armed with rifle , machine gun and field artillery ) - journey out of lhasa . close on the dalai lama : riding the shepherd 's path . ext . yellow wall , norbulinka night tenzin gyatso ride he grey horse through a gate in the yellow wall . ext . dalai lama' residence night the boy climb the stair to he summer residence . int . altar room night the shrine of mahakala . butter lamp cast they eerie glow on the black wall as the boy present a white , silk scarf , a kata - a traditional token of leave and return . int entrance way , norbulinka night tenzin gyatso be about to leave the residence when he stop , and look at the small cabinet in the corner . he go to it . the door be still lock . close on the boy . suddenly , he know . he reach a hand behind the cabinet . the hand come back to he with a key . tenzin gyatso open the cabinet door . several drawer be reveal . the boy open one . empty . another . empty . a bodyguard say , from the stair : bodyguard we must go , holiness . tenzin gyatso a moment . another drawer . empty . and then , success . in a small drawer , there be something , wrap in red velvet . the boy open it , with shaking hand . teeth . false tooth . tenzin gyatso release a sharp laugh , he have be hold he breath . he wrap up the tooth and put they back , but behind the tooth be something more . a roll , white silk scarf , a kata . tenzin gyatso take the scarf . he unroll it . something fall on the floor . a tiny , lead soldier . tenzin gyatso lift the soldier . it be a ghurka . a indian soldier . bodyguard please , come , holiness . tenzin gyatso yes . I be ready . the boy place the scarf around he own shoulder . tenzin gyatso safe journey . safe return . I be he . close on the golden statue of mahakala , wear he white scarf . we hear the roar of the kyichu river . ext . kyichu river night coracle - skin boat - be load with bundle and people and push off the bank and into the water . horse , donkey and yak must swim across . tenzin gyatso be help into a boat . the rower , wrap in heavy wool and sheepskin , they arm bare , push off . the boy be spray with water . he be bump about . he be freezing cold . he float away from lhasa . ext . countryside day the caravan journey through a narrow mountain pass . the flag of tibet and of the dalai lama be carry by mount soldier . suddenly , monk come run from the surround mountain trail , shriek , wail . they run to lama , grab at they robe , clutching , cry out : monk do not let he go ! we beg of you , do not take he from we ! one monk clutches for a instant at the layman 's wrapping on tenzin gyatso - but he do not recognize he as the dalai lama the boy tenderly embrace this distraught figure , but the monk drop away from he and cling to the shy , sweet presence of ling rinpoche . the dalai lama be quickly and quietly surround by soldier - discreetly , so as not to give away he identity . ling rinpoche speak to a group . ling rinpoche he go for a short time , until the danger can be determine . he will not leave tibet . he will return . the pain on this monk 's face , in they voice , be tragic . tenzin gyatso be overwhelm . he see before he a line of prostrate monk - but they be not bow to he , they be lay down in the pass , try to block the way of the caravan . ling rinpoche go to this man and gently help they to they foot . ling rinpoche he will return . the precious one will not abandon you . int . tent night the dalai lama lie awake in he camp bed . he can not sleep . he rise and walk to the tent flap . he open it . ext . tent night a bodyguard be post . he turn to the dalai lama . we recognize he . he be the bodyguard from that first caravan trip so long ago : a huge monk with a big stick - the guard who stand outside the old monk 's tent . the man with the deform face . the boy be not frighten this time . tenzin gyatso all quiet ? bodyguard yes , holiness . tenzin gyatso where be you from ? bodyguard kham , holiness . tenzin gyatso you people be very brave . they be fight the chinese . no one can stop they . not even I . bodyguard khambas be wild man . there be silence as the two man look out at the cold night . tenzin gyatso I worry about they . bodyguard do not worry , holiness . they fight for you . they be under you protection . the boy step back inside . int . tent night we hear the approach of a horse , and then the bodyguard enter the tent . bodyguard holiness , this have come for you . the bodyguard hand the boy a parcel . tenzin gyatso unwrap it . his flashlight . it work . a pause , and then tenzin gyatso sit in front of the thangka of penden lhamo . he read from the scripture page laid out on the low table . he read by flashlight . int . countryside day the dalai lama walk along a beat , caravan path . he be still in disguise , and obviously , enjoy it . a old muslim man be beside he - a incredible look creature . muslim man eighteen child . tenzin gyatso eighteen , wonderful . muslim man and not a monk among they . the dalai lama laugh . muslim man no , no son of mine will sit and read book and eat up the poor people 's butter while my people have to butcher the cow and sheep because this holy man can not kill a animal . they can eat it , can not they ? the boy laugh again . ext . countryside - later day still walk , with two companion . a tibetan peasant woman , and he own mother . tenzin gyatso do you love you husband , before you marry ? tibetan woman I do not know he before I marry he . I love he brother , but then , I marry he brother , too . he be dead now . tenzin gyatso hmm . tibetan woman the land have stay in the family . we work together . the nobleman be not too bad . tenzin gyatso do he treat you fairly ? a laugh from she . tibetan woman not too bad . Rich be rich , poor be poor . we be different . be you marry ? tenzin gyatso laugh . the attendant walk behind the boy , eavesdropp . tenzin gyatso 's mother play along . tenzin gyatso no . tibetan woman too young ? tenzin gyatso much too young . tibetan woman look for a strong woman , not too occupy with she beauty . look for a woinan who keep she hand busy . look for a kind heart . tenzin gyatso like my mother . tibetan woman I see that . ext . countryside , still later day the dalai lama walk beside two boy : he older brother , lobsang , and a young noble boy . tenzin gyatso this little brother be terribly sweet . when he die , my mother be so sad . a lama say to she , before the little brother be laid out for burial , take a bit of butter and rub a spot on he skin . he will come back to you , you will see . so , my mother do this , and a few year later , a new boy be bear . noble boy do he have the spot ? tenzin gyatso he do , a little spot where the butter have be . noble boy be that a true story , or pretend ? tenzin gyatso what do you think ? noble boy true . tenzin gyatso you decide . they walk . noble boy what do the butter spot feel like ? tenzin gyatso soft. Nice . I have a good friend back in lhasa . he have a very poor beard , with a little spot on he chin where no hair grow . it feel like that . ext . EST . shot , dungkhar monastery - on a hill , overlooking dromo valley day it be raining as we see the dalai lama on horseback , climb the dirt path lead to this beautiful , small monastery . the caravan have arrive at its destination . we hear the chant of monk . int . the dalai lama' private room , dungkaar monastery day a home have be make : book on the shelf , screwdriver all in a row , european shoe under the bed . a old Bush radio receiver , run off a six - volt battery , sit on the floor . the telescope stand on the terrace . two member of the kashag can be see in the adjacent room . the room be stark white . kashag member of the tibetan delegation send abroad , all have be turn away . tenzin gyatso ( oc ) all ? int . adjacent room day tenzin gyatso , dress informally , look peaceful , sit with he advisor on the floor . the Lord Chamberlain be with they . kashag member Britain , Nepal , America , India . all of that government have refuse to meet with we representative . silence . tenzin gyatso and the United Nations ? surely ? kashag member the United Nations vote not to hear we appeal . lord chamberlain one country do sponsor the resolution . a land call " El salvador " . tenzin gyatso where be that ? lord chamberlain in the Americas . silence . tenzin gyatso so , we must face China and all she might alone . kashag member yes . most of the chamdo region be now in chinese hand . there be a report from chamdo which make quite clear that , unless some settlement can soon be reach , Communist troops will soon be march on lhasa . tenzin gyatso with much bloodsh . kashag member I be afraid . tenzin gyatso I want at all cost to avoid this . do we have news from the delegation in China ? kashag memberr not yet , but the Governor of chamdo , ngabo jigme , suggest we must negotiate and offer to go to Peking . tenzin gyatso he be a capable man . lord chamberlain you prime minster would argue that such negotiation should take place in lhasa . tenzin gyatso and then they would concede that the time be desperate and we must go to Peking . agreed . send ngabo . be that all ? kashag member yes . tenzin gyatso time to study . the boy get up . the prostration begin . tenzin gyatso wait . tenzin gyatso wave a hand . the man get up , awkwardly . tenzin gyatso we be in the last outpost of tibet . let 's do away with some of this formality . the dalai lama leave the room . one man still go down to he knee . lord chamberlain he be a modern man . just like he be the last time . int . dalai lama' private room dusk ling rinpoche and tenzin gyatso sit together . tenzin gyatso " I will liberate that not liberated . " I will release that not release . I will relieve that not relieved . May I deliver they to the state of enlightenment . " the lead soldier of the indian ghurka sit on the low table , beside buddha and the tantric instrument . ext . countryside day tenzin gyatso walk alone in the mountain . we see he bodyguard in the distance . he come to a chorten ( a stupa - a small , pagoda - like chapel ) . he step inside . int . chorten day this be where the tibetan peasant come to make they offering to buddha . it be a small space , whitewash , quiet . a painting of buddha adorn one wall and flower , butter lamp , nut and dry fruit sit before it . the boy look closer . there be a photograph pin to the wall . it be a picture of he , as a young boy . the incarnate . the precious one . ext . chorten day the dalai lama tie he piece of color cloth , he mantra , to this public prayer flag . the beautiful valley lie at he foot , the bodyguard keep a polite distance . int . dalai lama' private room night the boy be tinkering , as he listen to the radio . it be Peking Radio he be pick up . we hear a crackly voice begin a very important announcement . radio voice ( vo ) " today in Peking , a seventeen Point agreement for the peaceful Liberation of tibet have be sign by Representatives of the government of the people 's Republic of China and the local government of tibet . " tenzin gyatso drop he work . he turn to face the offend radio . radio voice ( vo ) " over the last hundred year or more aggressive , imperialist force have penetrate into tibet and carry out all manner of deception and provocation . under such condition the tibetan nationality be plunge into the depth of enslavement and suffer . " the boy move closer to the radio , he appear physically ill . radio voice ( vo ) " today , this enslavement end . Point one : the tibetan people shall unite and drive out imperialist aggressive force from tibet . the tibetan people shall return to the big family of the motherland - the people 's Republic of China . " Point two : the local government of tibet will actively assist the people 's Liberation Army to enter tibet and consolidate the national defense . " tenzin gyatso be stunne . frozen . lord chamberlain ( oc ) it mean we have lose we status as a independent nation . int . parlor , dungkhar monastery day tenzin gyatso , the two member of the kashag and the Lord Chamberlain stand around a click telegraph machine . a long message curl along the floor . kashag member ngabo do not have the state seal . he could not sign . tenzin gyatso yes , but they say he do . a kashag member be read along as the message come in . kashag member holiness ? tenzin gyatso yes . kashag member General Chiang chin-wu , the chinese representative , be en route to dromo . he be come to meet you . tenzin gyatso then , we shall meet . ext . terrace , monastery day View through the telescope : the chinese be come . a group of official be head in the direction of the monastery . within the group of tibetan noblemen - dress in they traditional red and gold silk robe - be three man , wear drab , grey suit . the chinese man closer and we see that one of they be smoking a cigarette . close on tenzin gyatso 's face . int . parlor , monastery day the chinese delegation , lead by general chiang chin - wu , stand wait in a dimly - light , yellow room . a table hold tea and refreshment . the dalai lama and he cabinet member be in the room . chair be provide . general chiang chin - wu dalai lama . tenzin gyatso General Chiang . general chiang chin - wu we bring greeting from Chairman mao . tenzin gyatso thank you . please sit . the General do . so do the dalai lama . the other two chinese remain stand . tenzin gyatso be quiet , reserve . awkward . general chiang chin - wu have you hear the term of the seventeen Point agreement ? tenzin gyatso I have . general chiang chin - wu I have a copy for you . a document be produce . we notice that the General be wear a gold rolex watch . the dalai lama notice , too . a member of the kashag take the document . general chiang chin - wu we come in genuine friendship . close on the dalai lama . he make no response . general chiang chin - wu I be certain you wish to return to lhasa . tenzin gyatso remain silent . general chiang chin - wu do you have plan to return soon , dalai lama ? tenzin gyatso soon. general chiang chin - wu good . we first request be that you allow we to build a road . you have no road in tibet . we can discuss the plan in lhasa . when you return . no response . general chiang - wu thank you . we leave now . the General rise as the boy remain seat . with a moment of awkward silence , the chinese depart . tenzin gyatso let I see the agreement . it be hand to he . he open to the last page and look at the impression make by the state seal . tenzin gyatso counterfeit . he close the document and hand it back to the official . ext . terrace day the boy watch the delegation leave the hilltop station . taktra rinpoche and the Lord Chamberlain be with he . tenzin gyatso I think he would be some kind of monster , even with horn grow out of he head . but , he be only a man , just a ordinary human be , like myself . life be always a lesson . ext . dalai lama' private room day again , a informal meeting be in session . kashag member you Prime minister , support the proposal that you return to lhasa . on the opposite hand , some official urge you not to return . they believe you should leave now , for India . tenzin gyatso if I be to go into exile , could we expect any serious assistance , from India , suppose ? lord chanberlain it be unlikely . America , perhaps . there be great anti-communist feel in America . tenzin gyatso at this point , the most likely result of a foreign pact be war . lord chaaberlain the chinese would see such a pact as a open declaration of war . tenzin gyatso tibet , at war ? no. China be close , America be far away . after countless people die , China would still , always , be close . we will work with what we have . kashag member and as for you own safety , holiness ? a pause . tenzin gyatso I be scared . lord chamberlain shall we consult the protective deity , holiness ? tenzin gyatso my first and foremost duty be to protect my people . I feel sure of this . and , thing change . maybe not right away , maybe not soon . but I believe this - thing will change . the boy snap he finger . tenzin gyatso impermanence . we own short lifetime be not the only valid consideration . I shall return . int . dalai lama' private room night tenzin gyatso be asleep . we have not see he this still , this peaceful , in a long time . he sleep in the " buddha ~ pose " - on he right side he head rest in he right hand . the wall behind he be white . we begin to hear the unique tibetan music . dream sequence tenzin gyatso ride a grey mule across the empty , mysterious landscape of tibet . the boy be back in he own home in amdo province . but , he be not the baby he be when he leave there , he be sixteen . his family be together , but they be all the size and age they be at the beginning of the story . tenzin gyatso be very happy , sit on the raise platform in the kitchen , play a game with pebble . taktra rinpoche - the age taktra - enter and sit down beside he . taktra rinpoche I hope you will not feel badly about all the thing of childhood you miss . the boy do not speak , just look , kindly , at the man . taktra rinpoche you lose so much . I be sorry . the boy shake he head " no " . taktra rinpoche Goodbye , kundun . suddenly , another man speak ; norbu thundrup ( oc ) Goodbye , kundun . tenzin gyatso turn he head to see he best friend . tenzin gyatso ( he only mouth it ) no ! and now , the dalai lama 's Father be see in a corner of the kitchen . father Goodbye , kundun . tenzin gyatso ( silent ) no ! the boy turn to the sweeper once more , hold out he hand , and mouth : tenzin gyatso no , norbu ! reverse on norbu , fade away . dream sequence end tenzin gyatso eye burst open . he be awake . he be older . twenty . but , there be something ageless about he , now . int . dalai lama' room , the potala pre -dawn the boy begin this day . he be in he old room at the potala , in lhasa . the green mural of the fifth dalai lama be behind he . he have rise . from the red-curtain bed . the Masters of the Kitchen and the robe arrive and begin they preparation for the day . a new sweeper work in the adjacent room . the sun rise . ext . the potala day like a painting , the beautiful monastery fill the screen with its white wall and red roof . shout be hear . general chiang ( oc ) I hate meeting here , this tribute to the past ! I demand a less formal meeting place . close on the red , bulg face of General Chiang . int . great hall , the potala day behind the General hang fantastic thangkas of the fifth dalai lama . general chiang I be not a foreigner ! I refuse to be treat like one . the dalai lama be shake by this violent behavior . he adjust he new eye glass . tenzin gyatso you see here thangkas of the fifth dalai lama , the founder of we government . it be tradition at formal meeting for this thangkas to be hang . general chiang superstition . tibet be part of a modern nation . the General sit . general chiang I want the song stop . tenzin gyatso song ? what song ? a slight smile . prime minister lukhangwa Street song about the General . reference to he gold watch . he be right , they be quite insulting . tenzin gyatso I have no authority to ban sing in my country . general chiang you must also do something about the public meeting . I see this , memorandum circulate , with tibetan grievance . lukhangwa you have crack a man 's skull and that crack have not heal . it be too soon to expect he to be you friend . general chiang we be simply respect the term of the seventeen Point agreement . lukhangwa be you , General ? general chiang we want 2,000 more ton of barley distribute . lukhangwa impossible ! you will bring famine down on the people of tibet with this insatiable demand ! more food , the best land for you soldier to camp . general chiang the people 's Liberation Army pay for all food and lodging . lukhangwa so far , they do . but , the quantity , it do not exist . you will have to be - evaluate you need . the man glare at one another . general chiang how much tea do you drink , Prime Minister ? lukhangwa it depend on the quality . and , that it be indian . the General leap to he foot and be about to strike the Prime Minister . the dalai lama run between then . he hold the General back . lukhangwa why be it necessary for the chinese to keep so many soldier in lhasa ? general chiang to protect . to serve you . Chairman mao want you to feel that China belong to you now . lukhangwa Chairman mao can keep China . just give we back tibet . the General back away and bring himself under control . general chiang plan for absorb the tibetan army into the people 's Army will soon be finalize . lukhangwa I will not approve it . general chiang then , we will begin with replace the tibetan flag with the flag of the motherland . lukhangwa and we will begin with tear it down . tenzin gyatso stand between this furious man . he raise a hand , silently request peace . ext . terrace day we hear the sound of martial drum and trumpet and tubas . the dalai lama be at he telescope . Three thousand pla soldier march along the shepherd 's trail . they march behind huge , red banner of mao tse-tung and chu-te . this time , the soldier do look like monster . they face be grey - coat with tibetan dust . they peak hat look vaguely like horn , they tatter , khaki uniform like rough hide . monk line the trail , whipping at the soldier with they long , maroon robe . woman and child spit at the chinese , clap at they , hope to chase this evil away . int . dalai lama' private room , the potala day the Prime minister , lukhangwa and lobsang tashi , submit they resignation to his holiness . the boy take the roll of parchment from they . tenzin gyatso I be so sorry . lukhangwa it must be do . we can no longer meet with the chinese , they refuse we . we hear the sound of that chinese tubas and trumpet . we hear truck . tenzin gyatso I accept you resignation . lobsang tashi have you choose you new Prime minister , holiness ? tenzin gyatso there will be no new Prime minister . lukhangwa you will face great difficulty , holiness . the boy affix he small piece of parchment to the document and make a mark on it . tenzin gyatso they have take away we silence . ext . kyichu river day the dalai lama , with much pomp and ceremony , walk down a white carpet and step into a coracle . the entourage include : the Lord Chamberlain , the kashag , his holiness 's mother and youngest brother , tutor and attendant . a hundred monk stand , chant , on the far bank . ext . plain of tibet day the fourteenth dalai lama ride in a chinese jeep . Dust surround he . a yellow silk umbrella shade he . we see that a road be under construction - a road into lhasa . the first road in tibet . the dalai llama be travel in the opposite direction . he be leave he country , travel on rugge , flatten earth . ext . barren countryside day the way be tougher here - the dalai lama be on mule back . ext . chinese border town , shingang day this be a different land . there be rice paddy and water buffalo . the altitude and barrenness of tibet have be replace by greener pasture , jag mountaintop and chinese native . int . airplane night tenzin gyatso get he ride in a airplane - a antique . it be bumpy and noisy . he sit on a un-upholster , steel frame . int . train day the dalai lama travel by train . int . train station day the train pull into the station . there be hundred of people await the arrival of the dalai lama - hundred of " China pictorial " , red-cheek , chinese communist ; man , woman and child , wave little red flag . tenzin gyatso step off the train and there be a roar of approval . song break out - the people 's Republic National anthem . the young man be overwhelm . we begin to sense that something be wrong , something be artificial . the people 's presence be demand here today . this be a force display of regard . int . great hall of the people day the dalai lama , and he retinue sit in this great Hall , decorate with a portrait of Chairman mao . the great helmsman himself be speak . mao Tse tung 's presence be charismatic . his delivery be powerful - simple , yet firm . he be spellbind . mao tse tung the mission of China be to bring progress to tibet . develop its natural resource . help its people develop democracy . we welcome you , tibet , back to the motherland ! int . dalai lama' room , chinese guest house night tenzin gyatso snoops around this room . he open drawer , cabinet , just as a child would . he find odd little piece of ceramics , pen , paper . he move to the bathroom , run a bath . hot water . electricity . this be the modern world . int . mao' office day the dalai lama sit beside Chairman mao as a horde of photographer flash bulb in they face . mao offer his holiness a plate of chinese delicacy . we notice that mao 's clothes be shabby and old . ( his suit be always a shade lighter than everyone else 's grey -drab ) . his cuff be fray , he collar be wear . but , he shoe , be beautifully polished . he have exquisite , delicate hand and he skin be shinny . later , Chairman mao and the dalai lama sit across from one another . tenzin gyatso take note as mao speak . mao tse tung I be so glad that tibet have come back to the motherland . tenzin gyatso quietly sip he tea . mao tse tung you must inform I at once if any of we people abuse the tibetans trust and good nature . tenzin gyatso I have great hope for the future of we co-operation . mao tse tung it be too early to implement all the clause of the seventeen Point agreement . we will establish a preparatory Committee for the autonomous Region of tibet . the pace of reform must meet with the desire of the tibetan people . change must be make slowly , as you , yourself , judge necessary . mao speak and move very slowly . he pants and wheeze . he appear to be sick . tenzin gyatso take note . tenzin gyatso I be happy to hear you say this , Chairman mao . I have create a reform committee to investigate grievance and we have abolish inherite tax , and forgiven all money owed the government by people who be unable to pay . mao tse tung good . very good . tibet be a great country . a a wonderful history . Long ago , you even conquer part of China . but now you have fall behind and we want to help you . in twenty year time you could be ahead of we . then it will be you turn to help China . tenzin gyatso write in he notebook . mao tse tung you know , I have great respect for you Lord buddha . he be anti-caste . anti-corruption . anti-exploitation . for some , politics and religion can mix . tenzin gyatso for I , I think such a mix be crucial . mao tse tung have a sweet . make in my home province . the kind my mother use to make . the dalai lama accept . ext . garden , guest house day tenzin gyatso do physical exercise with a few chinese bodyguard . ext . garden , guest house day tenzin gyatso study with ling rinpoche . the Lord Chamberlain sit with they . tenzin gyatso " if moral discipline be learn from the beginning , one possess the root for achieve higher rebirth . a staircase for achieve liberation . a antidote eliminate misery and sorrow . without discipline there be no method . " pause . tenzin gyatso I be think of become a Communist Party member . I like what I see of marxism . it be base on equality and justice for all . I believe Chairman mao wish the best for we people . we path must be non-violence . co-operation . the Lord Chamberlain simply look at the young man . he have nothing to say . int . mao' office night there be a knock and tenzin gyatso be lead into the room . mao be at he desk , work late , smoking heavily . mao tse tung ah , dalai lama , thank you for come so late . tenzin gyatso I leave tomorrow . mao tse tung yes , I be aware . how have you time in China be ? tenzin gyatso sit . he take out he book and pen , ready to take note . tenzin gyatso I have be greatly impressed by you accomplishment . industrial progress . great efficiency . you people be capable and courteous . mao tse tung you have a lot to learn about organization . how to draw out people 's opinion . how to make key decision . train you young tibetans . when I make contact with you , I want to reach you through a tibetan . dalai lama always . tenzin gyatso record mao 's word . mao tse tung you attitude be good , you know . I understand you well . but you need to learn this : religion be poison . it undermine the race and it retard the progress of the people . tibet have be poison by religion . the boy can not look up . he be in shock . we see the last word he write : " religion be poison . " mao tse tung well , let I walk you to you car . tenzin gyatso slowly get to he foot . we must see on he face that he realize it have all be lie . all the kind word and promise , it must all be lie . he be unable to raise he face to mao 's . all he see before he be that shinny shoe , that exquisitely shape , glisten hand . ext . mao' office night outside this building , a black car be wait . it be bitterly cold . mao - wear no hat , no coat , and cough - open the door for the boy . the dalai lama shake the man 's hand . mao tse tung take care of you health . tenzin gyatso get into the car and mao slam the door . int . car night as the car drive away , tenzin gyatso turn to see the Chairman , still stand in the cold , still wave goodbye . then , tenzin gyatso look straight ahead and say : tenzin gyatso he will betray we . the view pull back . the Lord Chamberlain sit beside the young man . lord chambepiain do you ever doubt it ? tenzin gyatso I have relinquished doubt . ext . tenzin gyatso' house in amdo day the dalai lama and member of he retinue stand in front of he old house in the village of taktser , amdo Province . the young man smile as he enter the courtyard . he pause to look at the prayer flag , flap in the breeze . he open the front door . int . house day a family of relative inhabit the house . they bow to his holiness as the young man make he way to the kitchen . int . kitchen day tenzin gyatso step into the kitchen - he might have to bend he head under the low ceiling . he laugh he wonderful laugh . immediately , a woman approach with a cup of tea . but the hand of a chinese official reach out , take the tea and return it to she . it be not permit . the woman look confuse . tenzin gyatso be humiliate . ext . house day a group have gather outside the house . tenzin gyatso go toward they as they prostrate . when they have finish , he reach out he hand to take theirs . he say to one old woman : tenzin gyatso be you happy ? the old woman say , with tear in she eye : old woman I be very happy and prosperous under the guidance of the chinese Communist Party and chairman mao Tse tung . it be a horrifying announcement . the dalai lama touch she head . she weep and clutches he hand . the young man look up , over she head , to kyeri , the protectress mountain of this small village . we hear loudspeaker , blaring , in the background - trumpete propaganda about Chairman mao and the people 's Liberation Army . tibetan horn blow . it sound like a warning . close on a newspaper . it be a chinese newspaper and the picture on the front page show a row of severe , tibetan head . int . dalai lama' private room day tenzin gyatso put the paper down . he remove he glass and turn to he advisor - the grand Lord Chamberlain . tenzin gyatso I ask they to stop , to lay down they gun . lord chamberlain the khamba 's gun be he most prize possession . I admire they so . they face a modern , well equip army , and still , they fight . the dalai lama rub he face with he hand . lord chamberlain land reform be underway in amdo . the large estate be be confiscate and redistribute . landlord be be punish . tenzin gyatso a beggar can be call a landlord if he disapprove of the chinese . the man be silent . we hear the constant sound of truck and car . the Lord Chamberlain be notably pause . tenzin gyatso I have always ask for plain information . just the truth . lord chamberlain the Communists put they gun in the hand of the khamba child and force the child to kill the parent . they have drop bomb on the monastery of lithang in kham . it have be destroy . woman and child , try to escape from the fight , have be shot with machine gun , fire from airplane . again , silence . tenzin gyatso the pursuit of non-violence . very difficult . lord chamberlain non-violence mean co-operation when it be possible . resistance , when it be not . ext . terrace day his holiness walk to the terrace . he aim the telescope . below he he see a new lhasa - a lhasa full of truck and chinese soldier . a traffic island stand in the center of a intersection . the town wall be white - wash . the political poster be go . int . dalai lama' private room , the norbulinka day a small group sit wait on red velvet chair : the dalai lama , the Lord Chamberlain and the kashag . General Chiang enter the room . he find a chair and pour himself a cup of tea . we can not help but notice - he be armed . general chiang we have decide that no drastic change will take place in tibet for six year . this should make you happy . silence . general chiang it seem a revolt have break out in the east . we have decide that the tibetan army must be use against the khamba guerrilla . the General sip . the dalai lama answer . tenzin gyatso I will not approve it . the General look up , surprised . it take a great deal of courage for the young man to answer back , so determinedly . tenzin gyatso you have bomb on peaceful people . general chiang we must deal with this reactionary ! tenzin gyatso no . we be peace loving people . I be afraid we cannot trust you . the General sputter : general chiang we be here to heal the people of tibet . you need reform . you have no sense of what be good for you people . we be here to liberate you ! now , the boy find he voice . tenzin gyatso I burn here , but I be not suppose to let the smoke show . yes , we need reform . the monastery . Communications . school . but we want change for tibet , as tibet need it , not for China . the General start to speak but tenzin gyatso keep talk . tenzin gyatso buddha be we physician , General , he will heal we . comapssion and enlightnement will set we free . you can not liberate I I can only liberate myself . the General leave the room . lord chamberlain they will take lhasa next . tenzin gyatso the people will not allow it . int . prayer room , norbulinka night the nechung Oracle be in full swing . it be a especially vivid and violent spin he be in . the headdress whip this way and that , and finally he say : nechung ORACLE where there be no crossing a big river , no ford , no shallow , where the only hope be a boat , and there be no boat ... I will put a boat , kundun . the wish - fulfil jewel will shine from the West . it be a strange and confusing prophecy . ext . / int . norbulinka day a few random view of the norbulinka : the wander deer and peacock . the fish pond and its inhabitant . over this picture we hear word : tenzin gyatso ( oc ) " I rejoice in the awaken of the buddhas , and also in the spiritual level of they son . " the projection room . the full sheep pen . the parent 's home . tenzin gyatso ( oc ) " and with gladness I rejoice in the ocean of virtue from develop a awaken mind that wish all being to be happy ... " the yellow Wall . the dalai lama 's red room . tenzin gyatso ( oc ) " as well as in the deed that bring they benefit . and now , we hear the voice of a great many people , recite : tenzin gyatso and other ( oc ) " with fold hand I beseech the buddhas of all direction . to shine the lamp of Dharma for all bewilder in the gloom of misery . " ext . garden , norbulinka day in the midst of war , there be beauty . the dalai lama perform the kalachakra ceremony . it be a beautiful , ornate , colorful ceremony . a prayer for world peace . tenzin gyatso sit on a platform of cushion , above the head of the abbot and lama and tutor , above the head of the tibetan noblemen , and nomad and khambas and pesant from all corner of the land who attend the ceremony . tenzin gyatso and other " with fold hand I beseech the conqueror who wish to pass away , to please remain for countless aeon and not to leave the world in darkness . " the dalai lama proceed with the ceremony . he handle and bless sacred object , he lift he bell and dorge . Rice be pass among the people . Rice be throw . a tibetan chant be sung . beside his holiness be a large , yellow silk pagoda . the view move inside the pagoda as the chant continue . int . pagoda day we see a mandala - a beautiful , intricate , sand - painting . the home of kalachakra . tenzin gyatso ( oc ) " thus by the virtue collect through all that I have do , May the pain of every live creature be completely clear away . " the whole screen become this mandala as the chant a cymbal and deep resonate sound of the song continue and then , a hand come into the mandala and begin to sweep it up . pull back to see that the hand belong to tenzin gyatso . tenzin gyatso collect the ground particle of tibetan quartz and rock . he destroy the painstakingly lovely sand painting . the chant become louder and louder and it mix with the sound of the river . ext . kyichu river dusk tenzin gyatso pour the sand into the river . we watch the river take color and the mandala float away . this view be overlap by one of extreme horror . dream sequence the lovely norbulinka garden , the park where opera pageant and kalachakra ceremony take place , be now , a kill field . hundred of dead , slaughter monk , lie on the blood - drench ground , under the peach and pear tree . chinese soldier move amongst the monk , turn over the dead body , search that silent face . the solder we see be carry a photo of his holiness . they be search for the dalai lama . it be a nightmare . we hear cry . dream sequence end . tenzin gyatso wake up . shake , cry , he be alone , in the dark . he can barely catch he breath . the screen go black . close on a invitation : his holiness , the dalai lama of tibet , be invite to attend a dance recital at the newly erect , great Hall of the Liberation Army . 10 March , 1959 . ext . the potala dawn a last view of the great monastery . we hear the sound of thousand of tibetan woman shouting ; women ( oc ) chinese , go ! chinese , go ! chinese , go ! ext . dalai lama' residence , norbulinka day tenzin gyatso step outside . the shouting grow louder : women and men ( oc ) chinese , go ! chinese , go ! chinese , go ! the young man look around at the peaceful premise . people we know - uember of the kashag , attendant , tutor , the dalai lama 's mother , sweeper - appear in the garden , one by one , all listen to the sound of a uob gather outside the wall of the norbulinka . women and hen ( oc ) chinese , go ! chinese , go ! chinese , go ! int . dalai lama' private room , norbulinka day a meeting be in progress . lord chamberlain the crowd will not disperse until you give you assurance that you will not attend the chinese festivity . many who have be invite to dine with the chinese do not return home . tenzin gyatso I will not go . lord chamberlain I will alert the chinese delegation . you know , I would never have let you go alone , kundun . int . parentss home , norbulinka day the dalai lama enter he mother 's home . it be very guiet here . the young man look at the family photograph on the blue wall , the needlework on the table , the seven copper bowl in front of the statue of buddha . mother ( oc ) do you come to tell I we be leave lhasa ? the boy fill the seven bowl with water . his mother light the butter lamp . tenzin gyatso do you think I must ? mother you decide . he say , softly : tenzin gyatso tibet have never be part of China . we be different race . we be different culture . we need change , we know that . but we could do it alone . we be just about to do it alone . the young man fill the last bowl with water . tenzin gyatso I be afraid I will go . Far , far away . ext . garden , norbulinka dusk the Lord Chamberlain approach the dalai lama as he leave he mother 's house . lord chamberlain we be now accuse of aid the rebel . the chinese say we can expect drastic measure to be take to crush this revolt . tenzin gyatso arrange for I to speak to the people 's leader . the Lord Chamberlain hurry away . int . dalai lama' private room dusk a last meeting in session . the kashag be present , as be fifty leader of the opposition - rough , tired man . tenzin gyatso I fear that there will be great bloodsh if you cannot convince the people to disperse and go home . I be safe . first leader holiness , the chinese try to entice you to they garrison with out protection of bodyguard . even now , they urge you to come to they for safety . they be bring more troops and gun and artillery into lhasa . there be three airplane wait outside lhasa . what do they wait for ? they be plan to kill the dalai lama . do not you see ? int . dalai lama' private room night the dalai lama consult the nechung Oracle . alone . the Oracle whisper : nechung ORACLE stay . int . dalai lama' private room night it be late at night . the boy be alone . he sit in front of he altar - meditate . int . dalai lama' private room night the nechung Oracle be bring in . the monk quiet himself and ready himself for the trance . the dalai lama wait . again , alone . slowly , the trance come on , the heavy headdress be place on the monk 's head , the attendant leave the room and then , the Oracle speak . nechung ORACLE stay . I tell you to stay . ext . dalai lama' residence day the Lord Chamberlain hurry up the stair . tenzin gyatso step forward , out of the shadow . lord chamberlain the chinese be plan to attack the crowd and shell the norbulinka . you be ask to indicate on a map where you will be so that the artillery man will not mistakenly aim at you . the dalai lama walk down the outdoor stair . tenzin gyatso tell they I will be here . with my people . right here . int . dalai lama' private room day the young man be study with ling rinpoche . book of scripture be stack in front of he . suddenly , there be a tremendous , loud explosion , and then , another . tenzin gyatso get up and run to the window he look out of the day of the earthquake . ext . garden , norbulinka day there be shouting and chaos . the chinese have begin shelling the norbulinka . the north wall and the grounds directly in front of it be on fire . int . dalai lama' room day this time the Oracle be in the room first . he be surround by he attendant and the member of the kashag , the Lord Chamberlain , ling rinpoche and various tutor and lama . the tension be thick . finally , the dalai lama enter . tenzin gyatso sit . he wait . the trance begin , the headdress be set upon the medium 's head and the Oracle begin to dance , and then , he begin to shout : ORACLE go! go! tonight ! the Oracle stagger forward , snatch up some paper and a pen and begin to draw a map , a route , out of lhasa . he keep repeat : ORACLE go! tonight ! go! close on the map - draw with a shaking , sweat hand . we see mountain , and a pass , and the name of town along the way . tenzin gyatso rise and go to the Oracle . he look down at the map . the Oracle hand the dalai lama the map and faint as he frighten attendant rush to loosen the strap of the headdress before the poor man choke . int . dalai lama' private room dusk the boy sit at the table , write . we can hear the crowd , shouting , outside the norbulinka wall . we see just a few word of the letter : please do not resist . take refuge on the far side of the river . attendant pack , quietly and quickly . int . altar room night the chapel of mahakala . we be remind of secret , sacred moment , from long ago . tenzin gyatso open the heavy , creak door . the dalai lama be in disguise . he be wear the clothes of a khamba guerrilla - dark , woolen chuba and tall black boot . monk sit on the floor , chant . one monk stand by a large urn , ladling out butter for the lamp . tenzin gyatso go to the front of the room . a monk begin to play the cymbal . another put the tibetan horn to he lip and blow a long , mournful note . the dalai lama lay a white silk scarf - a kata - over the shoulder of this impose statue . then , he sit for a moment . in the weak light , in the black room , tenzin gyatso be lose among the other praying monk . ext . hallway of residence night the dalai lama walk down the hall . he say to a sweeper : tenzin gyatso dim the light . and then he bow bend down , to pat a dog . int . dalai lama' private room night tenzin gyatso roll the thangka of penden lhamo and slide it into its ancient container . the young man place the scroll over one shoulder . int . entrance of residence , norbulinka night close on the little cabinet in the corner of the entrance hall . tenzin gyatso 's hand open the door . the young man pull open the drawer which contain the false tooth . tenzin gyatso pull a roll kata from he coat . he tuck the lead soldier of a indian ghurka into the center of the scarf . he place the bundle in the drawer . then , he add something . a sweet . the kind he mother make . he close the drawer , and lock it . he hide the key , again , behind the small , unobtrusive cabinet . ext . residence , stair night with a soldier on either side of he , the dalai lama descend the staircase . the Soldiers start to lead he away , but he pause . tenzin gyatso wait . the young man leave they . ext . residence night he walk to the far side of this white building . tenzin gyatso I see a safe journey . the boy return to the front step . tenzin gyatso I see a safe return . the soldier wait . tenzin gyatso now . I be ready . tenzin gyatso place the scroll over one shoulder . a soldier lay a rifle over the other one . ext . garden , norbulinka night the three man walk quietly through the empty garden . we hear the sound of the crowd grow louder . ext . wall night the soldier pause , look to his holiness . tenzin gyatso remove he glass , put they in he bag , then nod - and the soldier open the gate . soldier move aside , tour of inspection , move aside . of course , we see only a fraction of the crowd - angry man and woman . a man step beside his holiness . tenzin gyatso look up - face to face . it be the khamba bodyguard , the monk who guard he so many time . the man with the horrible face . khamba bodyguard move aside , let we through . move aside ! the dalai lama be between the soldier , shoulder he own gun . the bodyguard fall in behind . the little group make its way through the crowd . ext . tributary of the kyichu river night in the same place where the little tenzin gyatso tentatively test one rock , the escape party cross on the slippery , step stone . ext . countryside night the small party make its way across a bit of countryside . people be campe here - khambas , farmer , nomad . the dalai lama cross to safety - unnotice . ext . kyichu river night coracle await . the dalai lama climb in , the Lord chmaberlian sit beside he . the soldier push off . the khamba bodyguard stand on the bank , alone . every splash of the oar sound like it could wake the dead . tenzin gyatso look back . he put on he glass . he see camp fire and the glow of torch . he hear echoed voice . he look up . he see the star and the moon and that incomparable tibetan sky . he look forward . he see mountain . tenzin gyatso I have always love mountain . he be hand a steaming cup of tea . and then , a cloud pass over the moon . ext . countryside night on horse back , the party make its way up a mountain pass . there be more member now - tenzin gyatso have join that who leave ahead of he - member of the kashag , tutor , he mother , he brother . it be tough go . the ground seem like quick sand with every step a struggle . when the horse have disappear from sight , a sand storm arise , wiping away they track . ext . countryside night the party pass above a encampment of chinese soldier . they be not see . ext . countryside day the party travel through the emptiness . ext . mountain pass dusk his holiness walk beside he horse . he join other member of the group stand on a ridge . tenzin gyatso pick up a rock and throw it over the side . tenzin gyatso " right will be victorious . " and now , the other do the same . the Lord Chamberlain say : lord chamberlain " the god will be avenge ! " ext . outskirt of tibet day the dalai lama sit before a low table set up on this desolate border . a document be before he . tenzin gyatso I repudiate the seventeen Point agreement with a slap of the State seal of tibet , this be do . the Lord Chamberlain remove this document and replace it with another . tenzin gyatso I constitute the government of tibet , the only legal authority in the land . the seal come down hard once more . it be do . ext . border day a sick and tired tenzin gyatso make the last leg of he trip on the back of a black yak . before he , through the light rain , we see a small bamboo arch erect in the middle of nowhere . six indian ghurkas , wear floppy , jungle hat and heavy , british boot , stand at attention . the dalai lama , on he black yak , pass under this babboo gateway as the indian Soldiers raise they gun in salute . a indian soldier go to the yak and help the sick man from he mount . tenzin gyatso stand , barely able to hold himself on he foot . his hand rest on the yak 's back . the indian soldier step closer and , know he be break protocol , he whisper : soldier with all respect , may I ask ? who be you ? the young man smile at the soldier - a man who look like the lead soldier come alive . tenzin gyatso what you see before you be a man . a simple monk . soldier be you the Lord buddha ? pause . tenzin gyatso I think I be a reflection , like the moon , on water . when you see I , and I try to be a good man , see yourself int . a room in india , foot of the himalayas day tenzin gyatso unpack . he be dress in maroon robe , he arm bare . he place some book on a table next to he tinkering equipment . he lift a heavy parcel . ext . terrace day close on the young man 's beautiful hand as he set up he telescope . the tripod be erect . the body be attach . the eyepiece be adjust . and then , this boy , this man , this simple monk , aim , to take a look , at a bigger world . on a black screen , a card read : the dalai lama have not yet return to tibet . he hope one day to make the journey .