L.A. confidential by Brian helgeland base on the novel by James ellroy November 16 , 1995 minor revision fade in : over the open strain of " I love you , california , " a montage : a mixture of headline , newsreel footage and live action . economy boom ! postwar optimism ! L.A. : City of the future ! but most prominent among they : gangland ! Police photographer document crime scene . the meat wagon haul ex- button man to the morgue . where will it end ? ext . L.A. skyline - sunset Palm tree in silhouette against a cherry sky . City light twinkle . Los Angeles . a place where anything be possible . a place where dream come true . as the sky darken , triple - kleig light begin to sweep back and forth . ext . mansion ( hancock park ) - night the kleig light be out front . valet hurry to park a line of elegant car . mayor ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , I give you the future of Los Angeles ! int . hancock park mansion - ballroom - night the mayor yank a cloth to reveal a model of L.A. criss - cross by a elaborate freeway system . the crowd ooh . a councilman clap . a society matron nod she approval . pierce patchett , 50 , tuxedoe , watch off to one side . a behind - the-scene power broker , patchett exude authority much more so than the Mayor do . mayor the arroyo seco freeway be just the beginning . we be plan freeway from downtown to Santa monica , from the South Bay to the San Fernando Valley . twenty minute to work or play be the longest you will have to travel . more applause . one reporter ask a little too loudly ... reporter how many body you think mickey Cohen will be able to hide in all that cement ? the Mayor wear a plastic smile , ignore it . int . the mocambo - night a club photographer pop snapshot , but the real action be on the floor where mickey cohen do a wick " lindy hop " with three different girl at once . a fireplug of a man , he hardly seem a public menace . nearby be he bodyguard johnny stompanato . over it all : hudgeons ( v.o. ) meyer Harris Cohen , mickey C to he fan . he 's the big moocher , local L.A. color to the noh degree . you know mickey . he run dope , racket and prostitution . he kill a dozen people a year . but who you may not know be bodyguard johnny stompanato . his hair in a slick pompadour , stompanato keep a eye on Cohen and come onto a cigarette girl at the same time . hudgeons ( v.o. ) johnny 's handsome , lady , but the real attraction be below the belt . second only to Steve cochran , he 's sometimes know as ' oscar ' because of he Academy Award -size appendage . mickey work a sweat on the dance floor . a bottle of champagne pop ; stompanato react , nearly draw a pistol from he shoulder holster . as he laugh at himself ... int . hush -hush magazine office - day lurid page one headline cover the wall where sid hudgeons type . the essence of sleaze , sid be the publisher - photographer - writer of hush - hush magazine and keeper of inside dirt supreme . as he continue ... hudgeons ( v.o. ) remember , dear reader , you hear it here first , off the record , on the q.t. and very hush -hush . int . hancock park mansion - ballroom - night the party continue . the Mayor have move off to the side with the power broker . patchett be a presence . mayor we be sell a image , gentleman . beautiful weather . Affordable housing . ( be : model ) trouble - free transportation . and the best police department in the world to keep it all run smoothly . ext . storefront - night a dozen people watch a display windoe television as it roll the open of the hit show " badge of honor . " over familiar theme music , " sgt. Joe reno " ( actor BRETT chase ) walk the street of Los Angeles . chase ( v.o. ) my name ? Joe reno . the city ? Los Angeles . a big town . full of all sort of people . it 's my job to help they . I like what I do . I be a cop . int . hancock park mansion - ballroom - night the Mayor continue . mayor but with a second rate Al capone out there , L.A. look like Chicago in the ' 30 . something have to be do . as pierce patchett nod sagely . int . olympic auditorium - night wrestler gorgeous GEORGE primp and pose before flatten - ing a opponent with a drop kick . int . movie theater - night a enthusiastic crowd adjust they 3 - D glass . ext . cohen mansion ( beverly hill ) - day in monogramm silk pajamas , mickey Cohen answer the door , he pet bulldog mickey Jr. at he foot . the police be wait . reporter ' flashbulb pop . police officer Mr. Cohen , you be under arrest . cohen bullshit . what 's the charge ? police officer non-payment of federal income tax . cohen bullshit . ext . grauman' chinese - day JOHN wayne get he hand print in the sidewalk . ext . westchester bean field - day migrant worker hurry to finish the harvest . we pan to construction worker who wait impatiently with bull - dozer under a " Spirit of the future " banner . as the last picker leave the field , the bulldozer move in , leveling the bean row to make way for a housing tract . ext . federal courthouse - step - day flashbulb pop as mickey Cohen exit and start down the step . accompany by he lawyer , bodyguard stompanato and mob lieutenant deuce perkin and nate janklow , Cohen ignore reporter ' shout . reporter how 's you bullshit now , mickey ?! as Cohen get into a wait car , the media turn they attention to District Attorney ellis loew . a singularly ambitious man , loew love the spotlight . loew today be a auspicious one for the city of Los Angeles . mickey Cohen have just be sentence to ten year in federal prison for failure to pay income tax . as the District Attorney for Los Angeles County , it be my pleasure to declare we great city organize crime free . it be truly the dawn of a new day . the song end and so do the montage . int . packard ( across from bullocks wilshire ) - night December 24th . wendell " bud " white , 30 , stare at the enormous Christmas tree on the deco platform over bullock ' entrance . a lapd cop , Bud 's rep as the toughest man on the force have be well earn . in the back seat , with case of Walker Black and cutty sark , be Bud 's partner -- dick stensland . older , but also a tough hump , " sten " suck on a pint of Old crow . the passenger door open and mickey Cohen bodyguard johnny stompanato slide in . guinea handsome , johnny wear he curl in a tight pompadour . with he boss behind bar , he 's out of work . Bud just stare at he . stompanato Officer White . I hear you get a hard - on for wife beater . bud and you fuck people up for a live . that do not make I you . capisce , shitbird ? stompanato smile . nervous . through the window , Bud watch a salvation Army Santa palm coin from a kettle . stensland Bud be not in the mood for small talk , stompanato . stompanato look , mickey C 's do time and half the other guy who would hire I be dead or leave town . I need money . if you snitch - fund 's green , I will get you some fuck - a collar . impatient , Bud tug at a finger , crack a knuckle . stompanato there 's this guy . he 's blond and fat , about forty . like the pony . be pimping he wife to cover he loss . knock she around to keep she in line . Bud 's eye narrow at this last bit of info . stompanato hold up a slip of paper . stompanato I figure the address be worth twenty . Bud dig into he wallet , pull out twenty buck , exchange it with stompanato . stompanato smile smugly , grab a bottle of scotch from the back . stompanato yuletide cheer , fella . without warning , Bud grab stompanato 's tie and yank , slamm he forehead into the dash . bud happy New Year , greaseball . ext . 1486 evergreen - night a stucco job in a row of vet prefab . a neon Santa sleigh have land on the roof . through the front window , we see a fat guy browbeat a woman . puff-face , 35 - ish , she back away as he rage at she . the Packard pull up out front . stensland could care less . stensland leave it for later , Bud . we get to pick up the rest of the booze and get back to the precinct . Bud kill the ignition , pick up the radio . bud Central , this be 4a - 31 . send a prowler to 1486 Evergreen . White male in custody . code 623 point one . domestic assault and battery . I will not be here , but they will see he . ext . 1486 evergreen - bud - night step to the house . Inside , we hear slap , muffled cry . Bud grip a outlet cord come off the roof and yank . the sleigh crash to the ground with reindeer exploding around it . a beat . the fat guy run out to investigate , trip over rudolph . Bud pounce . fat guy take a swing , miss . grabbing fat guy 's hair , Bud smashes he face to the pavement . once , twice . teeth skitter down the walk . bud touch she again and I will know about it . understand ? huh ? another face full of gravel . fat guy 's wife watch with apprehension from the step as Bud cuff she husband 's hand behind he back , empty he pocket . a cash roll and car key . Bud look over at she . bud you get someplace you can go ? she nod . Bud hand she the key and the cash . bud go get yourself fix up . wife ( nod , determine ) merry Christmas , huh ? Bud watch as she get into a pre-war Ford in the drive . she back over a blink reindeer as she go . stensland you and woman , partner . what 's next ? kid and dog ? int . stage four ( variety INTERNATIONAL picture ) - night the " badge of honor " set . a Christmas party in full swing . eat , drink , and dance . Star brett chase , see earlier on television , be hold court . lapd sgt. " trashcan " jack vincenne , late 30 with slick , good look , dance with a young actress . grind they way through a ballad , they be obviously hit it off . actress brett chase tell I you be the cop who bust Bob mitchum . ( grind closer ) this ' badge of honor ' guy like to pretend , but be the real thing must be a thrill . jack let 's go someplace quiet . I will give you the low -down on mitchum . actress you get you handcuffs with you ? jack two set . actress I will get my coat . they be interrupt by sid hudgeon . hudgeons Big V Jack vincenne ! May I have this dance ? jack Karen , this be sid hudgeon from hush -hush magazine . actress I know who he be . the actress storm off . Jack look to sid . hudgeons we do a piece last year . ' ingenue dyke in Hollywood . ' her name get mention . jack be she ? hudgeons beat I . look , Jackie - Boy , a friend of mine just sell some reefer to Matt reynold . he 's trip the light fantastic with tammy Jordan at 2245 maravilla , Hollywood Hills . it 's right around the corner . jack you lose I , sid . who ? hudgeons Contract player at Metro . you pinch them . I do you up feature in the next issue . plus the usual fifty cash . tell I , be I fuck Santa Claus ? jack I need a extra fifty . two patrolmen at twenty apiece and a dime for the watch commander at Hollywood Station . hudgeons Jack ! it 's Christmas ! jack no . it 's felony possession of marijuana . ext . 2245 maravilla - night with a view of grauman 's chinese . Jack and two uniform patrolmen wait on the darken street . a arc light have be set up . hudgeon creep back over from the house . hudgeons they be sit in the dark , goof on the Christmas tree . jack stand there with you camera . I will stop here so you get grauman 's chinese in the backgroun . hudgeons I like it ! I like it ! int . 2245 maravilla - night the arc light flood the live room about the same time that Jack kick the door in . the room be catch flush : Christmas tree , a bag of weed on the couch , two kid neck in they bvd . matt reynold and tammy jordan . jack Police ! ext . 2245 maravilla - night Jack exit , haul Jordan and reynold by the neck . Jack stop with grauman 's framed behind he and hudgeon click off several shot with he camera . hudgeons cut ! wrap it ! window light up . rubbernecker appear . Jack hand the kid to the patrolmen , head back in with hudgeon in tow . int . 2245 maravilla - night Jack scoops the pot , flip through a address book . a card fall out . " fleur-de - lis . whatever you desire ... " Jack look from the card out the window at the kid be load into a black and white . they be both cry now . hudgeons ( stantorian tone ) it 's Christmas morning in the City of angel , and while decent citizen sleep the sleep of the righteous , hophead prowl for marijuana , not know that a man be come to stop they . the free - wheeling , big -time Big V , celebrity crime -stopper , Jack vincenne , the scourge of grasshopper and junk fiend everywhere . you like it , Jackie - Boy ? jack yeah , it 's subtle . sid hand he a President grant 50 . hudgeons remember : you hear it first here , off the record , on the q.t. and very hush -hush . int . hollywood station - dispatch desk - night suspect , mostly drunk and disorderly , be ushere through . sgt. ed exley , 30 , bespectacle , be at the desk with a young officer . exley be a up - and -comer . Burning with ambition . the faster he rise through the rank , the more resentment he leave in he wake . exley what 's on the call sheet ? young officer a guy dress as Santa have be expose himself to kid in Los feliz . apparently , sir , he 's decorate himself . exley decorate ? young officer with tinsel and plastic icicle and ... on he penis , sir . exley I get the idea . you get a description ? young officer of he penis , sir ? ext . hollywood boulevard - hollywood liquor - night tinsel - trim photo of movie star look down from the wall as the owner take a order from lynn bracken . lynn a case each of gin , scotch , and rum . everything top shelf . none of that water - down stuff you push on errol Flynn . owner ( laugh ) sound like a helluva party . her hair kerchief , Lynn wait as the owner write it up . there 's glamour , a cat- girl grace about Lynn . she seem like she belong up on the wall with the movie star . Lynn look across as Bud White head toward the counter . spot she , Bud do not look so tough for a moment . owner you want it deliver ? lynn before five tomorrow . the owner spot Bud . a big smile turn to a frown . owner I will be right with you , Lynn . the owner begin indiscriminately load hard liquor into a cardboard box , leave Bud and Lynn to look at each other . Bud say the only thing he can think of . bud merry Christmas . lynn merry Christmas yourself , Officer . bud that obvious , huh ? lynn ( smile sweetly ) it 's practically stamp on you forehead . as the owner bang a case of liquor on the counter ... ext . hollywood liquor - night Bud exit with he booze , head for the car . something catch he eye . a woman in the rear passenger seat of a new cadillac . susan leffert . both she eye be black . Bud start over . the case on he hip , he motion for she to roll down the window . the driver 's side door open and bodyguard turner " buzz " meek menace he way out . meek get lose why do not you ? meek stop short as Bud shove he badge in meek ' face . setting the case on the car 's hood , Bud spin meek around , pat he down . he find a .38 in a shoulder holster . meek I get a license for that . Bud remove meek ' wallet , check the id . meek cut I some slack . I use to be a cop . bud Turner meek ? never hear of you . lynn ( exite store ) we just call he buzz . Bud rap on Susan 's window with he badge . it come down . bud you okay ? beside she , a man lean over . pierce patchett , see before at the freeway unveil , be a man use to be chauffeure . like FDR , he smoke he cigarette in a holder . patchett she 's fine . bud ( menace ) I be not ask you . patchett have no idea he 's walk on thin ice . as he stare impatiently at Bud , Bud look back to Susan . bud somebody hit you ? lynn it 's not what you think . Bud look to see Lynn bracken move to the driver 's door . bud what be it then ? susan you get the wrong idea , mister . I be fine . Susan laugh . patchett ease back into the shadow . lynn ( get in the car ) but it 's nice to know you care . Bud consider meek ' gun license , then hand he back the .38 and wallet . lift he booze , Bud watch meek get back in the car . stensland step up as the cabbie start to pull away . stensland what 's go on ? for a odd moment , stensland and meek lock eye . bud you know he ? stensland see he around . he use to be a cop . CUT to : close on dudley smith fifty , handsome in he police captain 's uniform . sing " Silver bell " in a beautiful low tenor . tough , respected , Dudley go to bed as a cop every night of he life . he 's a department power to be reckone with . int . precinct house - muster room - night a L.A. Herald Express reporter and photographer listen along with the gather patrolmen as Dudley finish to applause . Dudley join the press . reporter Captain Smith , I -- dudley Drop the formality ; it 's Christmas Eve . call I Dudley . reporter Dudley , I come up with a title for the story . I be call it " Silent night with the l.a.p.d . " dudley excellent . how 's this ? ( dramatic pause ) the sanctity of the night be a invitation to the darker criminal element . we vigilance will not be diminish . as the reporter scribbles down the quote ... dudley that 's Smith with a S. they laugh . Dudley point the way out . dudley this way , gentleman . Dudley 's the last one out the door . as he go , he turn back to give the man a wink . he 's no sooner out the door when the first case of johnny Walker be bring in . int . precinct house - dispatch desk - night Ed exley get another report from the Young Officer . young officer two police officer be assault in a bar . Brown and helenowski . he hand the report to exley . it 's now that Dudley come through on he press junket . dudley this be sergeant Ed exley . Son of the legendary Preston exley . he 's the watch commander tonight and a damn fine job . as the photographer snap exley 's picture ... dudley I be fortunate enough to be partner with he father when I be a rookie . it make a man feel old . that 's a fact . ( a beat ) feel free to get a feel for the place . as the reporter and photographer wander off , Dudley turn to exley a bit more serious . dudley a word with you , lad . int . dudley smith's office - day Dudley pour two drink , hand one to exley . dudley to the memory of you father . they drink . exley look to a photo on the wall . himself as a ten-year - old stand between Dudley and he father Preston , both in police uniform . dudley the day he get the Medal of valor . a simpler time . remember , exley invoke he father 's favorite toast . exley to the solving of crime that require absolute justice . exley raise he glass , but Dudley just watch he . dudley that be he favorite toast . ( a beat ) I see the test result on the lieutenant 's exam . you place first out of twenty - three . exley the youngest applicant by eight year . dudley you will make lieutenant inside a year . patrol division ? exley I be think detective Bureau . we can see Dudley do not approve . dudley you do not have the eye for human weakness to be a good detective . or the stomach . you be a political animal , Edmund . the criticism sting , but Dudley 's a straight shooter . exley you be wrong . dudley be I ...? would you be willing to plant corroborative evidence on a suspect you know be guilty in order to ensure a indictment ? exley Dudley , we have be over this . dudley answer yes or no . exley I ... no . dudley would you be willing to rig crime scene evidence to support a prosecute attorney 's work hypothesis ...? yes or no , Edmund . exley no . dudley would you be willing to beat confession out of suspect you know to be guilty ? exley no . dudley would you be willing to shoot harden criminal in the back to offset the chance -- exley no . dudley then for God 's sake , do not be a detective . stick to assignment where you will not have to make that choice . patrol , Internal affair , but not the Bureau . exley I know you mean well , Dudley , but I do not need to do it the way you do . or my father . dudley at least get rid of the glass . I can not think of one Bureau man who wear they . int . precinct house - muster room - night a large impromptu bar have be set-up . the party be in full swing , the floor pack with nightwatch blue . a phonograph spews dirty christmas carol . stensland pour eggnog and Old crow into the water cooler as Bud elbow he way in with another case . stensland hey , partner . grab a cup . bud I get to write my report first . passing cop # 1 hear about helenowski and Brown ? they get into a helluva scrap with six taco bender at some bar . helenowski lose six pint of blood . Brown 's in a coma . passing cop # 2 we ought to teach paco and he friend a lesson . more cop vocie they agreement . bottle be pass . only Bud do not seem as catch - up as the rest . int . precinct house - narco pen - night Jack vincenne at he desk . holding the fleur-de - lis card , Jack dial the number . a corkboard on the wall be post with press clipping . " dope crusader wound in shootout . " " actor mitchum seize in marijuana shack raid . " that one include a shot of Jack ushere mitchum into jail . woman ( v.o. ) ( over phone , like silk ) whatever you desire . jack hi ... I would like to get a delivery to beverly Hills . woman ( v.o. ) ( over phone ) I do not think I know you . click . the line go dead . Jack redial . woman ( v.o. ) ( over phone ) whatever you desire . jack look , a friend of mine give I this number . I just -- the line go dead again . Jack dial a new number . operator ( v.o. ) ( filter ) Pacific Coast Bell . jack this be sgt. vincenne . requesting a name and address on a phone number . Hollywood zero-one - two -three -nine . operator ( v.o. ) ( filter ) please hold the line ... no such number be assign . jack I just call it . operator ( v.o. ) no , sergeant . I check twice . jack ( realize , hang up ) a bootleg ... int . muster room - night exley survey the carouse rowdy . raising he voice ... exley all right , man . you have have you fun . time to break it up . the party continue undiminished . from across the room , stensland eye exley with disdain . stensland Fucking exley . guy 's get a pole so far up he ass , every time he fart the flag wave . watch commander's office the command not really he , exley read a report , ignore the party , though he window look into the thick of it . suddenly a ripple go through the room . the man begin to push out through a rear door . exley stand , stop a cop . exley what 's go on ? cop they get the spic who japped helenowski and Brown . helenowski lose a eye and Brown 's get brain damage . exley I have the report right here . they be home with bruise and muscle pull -- oh shit ... exley start out after they . int . cell block - night stensland in the lead . pull out a blackjack , he enter cell # 4 , begin wail on one of the mexican -- dinardo . stensland for ours , pancho . and you be get off easy . cheer on by drunk in the tank and he fellow officer , stensland go wild . he 's join by lentz , crumley and tristano . shake he head , Jack vincenne move away . int . squad room - night Bud type he report with one finger . Jack look in . jack White , you better get a lease on sten before he kill someone . int . cell block - night follow by Jack , Bud force he way through the crowd . the man who see it 's he quickly clear a path . swigge from a pint of gin , stensland work skinny garcia . head sap . the kid drop to he knee drool blood . Bud grab stensland , haul he off of Garcia who look up . garcia fuck you , pendejo . bud yeah yeah ... garcia and fuck you mother too . Bud see red . letting go of stensland , Bud White pick up Garcia by the neck . there be cheer , " attaboys " and " Holy fuck " as Bud bang Garcia 's head on the ceiling . exley ( arrive ) stop , Officer ! that 's a order ! cop block exley 's way . as Bud look over , Garcia kick he in the ball . a dangle shot . Bud keel into the bar , Garcia stumble out of the cell , smack into Jack . Jack look down aghast at blood on he cashmere blazer , then put Garcia down with a left-right . exley pull a pad of paper and pen form he pocket . exley you be go in my report ! all of you ! exley have just start take name when Bud grab he by the scruff of the neck and haul he off balance into ... hall as exley struggle , a cop open the door to the store room . Bud sling exley inside , then slam the door tight . exley be lock in . as Bud move off , we hear pounding . exley ( v.o. ) let I out ! that 's a order ! cell block the Herald reporter and photographer enter unchaperon and unnotice . stensland swing like a madman . that 's when a flashbulb go off . freeze everyone in black and white . dissolve to : int . chief' office - day the chief sit behind a desk in a four-star uniform . Dudley Smith sit to he leave , d.a. Ellis loew to he right . see earlier at the mickey Cohen press conference , loew be the only civilian . Bud White stand across from they . there to be judge . chief Officer White , you have refuse to cooperate with Internal affair . but you should know this be bigger than a police board . indictment may be hand down . quite frankly , we need police witness to offset the damage do to the Department 's image . will you testify ? Bud glance to a gray tinted mirror , then to the Chief . bud no , sir . I will not . the Chief sigh , look to loew . chief District Attorney loew . loew step to Bud , hold up a newspaper with the cell block photo . the headline : " bloody christmas . " loew bloody Christmas . the press love to label . you and Officer stensland bring the liquor into the precinct . stensland be already drunk . do you see how appear as a voluntary witness against he could offset the damage you have do to yourself ? bud I will not do it . ( stare at mirror ) I will not testify against my partner or anyone else . loew this man be a disgrace . chief you badge and gun , Officer . Bud set they on the Chief 's desk . chief this be the new l.a.p.d. , White . you be suspend from duty and dismiss . turn , White shoot the mirror a stiff middle finger as he make he way out . Dudley Smith hide a smile . other side of glass exley watch , involuntarily lean back as Bud pass on the other side of the glass . the chief' office Dudley , loew and the Chief wait as exley enter . chief Ed , you observation have be astute . what 's you assessment of this situation ? exley the public demand justice , sir . this be a full - fledge riot of policeman . shift the guilt to man whose pension be secure . Force they to retire . but someone have to swing . indict , try and convict stensland and Bud White . secure they jail time . feed they to the shark , sir . protect yourself ; protect the department . Dudley give exley a look . he 's angry with he . dudley stensland 's a disgrace . straight D fitness report from every c.o. he ever serve under . but White be a valuable officer . exley White 's a mindless thug . dudley no , Edmund . he 's a man who can answer yes to that question I ask you from time to time . the Chief interrupt with he own concern . chief I want to know who we give the public in contrast ? the department need role model . clean -cut , forthright man the public can admire . exley I will testify , sir . I be not afraid to do what 's right . chief and I will promote you . you will be a lieutenant immediately . exley seize the moment , go over Dudley 's head . exley detective lieutenant . the Chief and Dudley exchange a look . neither approve . chief Ed , you be 30 . you father do not make lieutenant until he be 33 . exley I know that , sir . I also know that when he make lieutenant , it be as a detective . loew ( interrupt ) before we start polish we laurel , it would look better if we have a corroborative witness . dudley that will be hard to come by . the man hate a turncoat . exley Jack vincenne . he 's the technical advisor on ' badge of honor , ' sir . he life for it . that 's the way to get he . chief all right , ed. ( into desk intercom ) call sergeant vincenne . as exley start out , Dudley pull he aside , speak low . dudley you will reap the benefit , but be you truly prepare to be despise within the department ? exley yes , Dudley . I be . dudley so be it . jack vincenne look sharp , he stride down the hall , enter the ... chief' office round two . centre on Jack . exley be go . dudley sergeant , we will get right to it . nine civilian witness have identify you as hit ezekiel Garcia . loew but my office have a stellar witness who will tell the grand jury that you hit back only after be hit . jack what do I have to do ? loew testify against the three officer who have already earn they pension . we key witness will testify roundly , but you can plead ignorance to question direct at the other man . chief I will guarantee you a slap on the wrist . a brief suspension follow by a temporary transfer from narcotics to ad vice . ( a beat ) when you transfer out of vice , you will be back on the show . jack the show , sir ? chief badge of honor , vincenne . we need to tone down you profile for a bit . the Chief just get Jack where he life . dudley John , I doubt you have ever draw a stupid breath . do not start now . jack okay . I will do it . smile all around . loew smile at the two -way . a move not lose on Jack who wonder who might be on the other side . chief dismiss , vincenne . Jack leave . the Chief step to the mirror , look through . chief so be it . detective Lieutenant . other side of glass exley clenches he fist in victory . the Chief continue . chief Ace they at the grand jury tomorrow , son . wear the smart - look suit and ace they . and , Ed ? lose the glass . int . room 114 ( grand jury witness room ) - day glass off , exley wait , look up as Jack enter . jack you be the key witness ? exley that 's right . jack I should have know . what 's the Chief throw you ? exley throw I ? jack yeah , exley . what 's the payoff ? exley you be the payoff expert . I be just do my duty . jack you be play a angle , college boy . you be get something out of this so you do not have to hobnob with the fuck rank and file cop who will hate you gut for snitching . if they be make you a detective , watch out . some Bureau guy be gonna burn in this and you be gonna have to work with friend of theirs . exley what about you ? jack I be snitching three old timer who will be fishing in Oregon next week . next to you I be clean . and smart . at that , a clerk step in from the hallway . clerk Edmund J. exley to chamber . as exley 's about to go ... jack just remember , Bud White will fuck you for this if it take the rest of he life . they already suspend he . just pray he cop a deal and stay on the Department because that be one civilian you do not want on you case . int . twilight lounge - night a old black guy in a fray , threadbare tux play piano . Bud , nursing a highball at the bar , step over to a redhead with too much make - up on too many mile . bud that a old fashioned you be drink ? ( as she nod ) my name 's Bud . redhead nobody be bear with the name Bud . bud they stick you with a name like wendell , you look for a alias . redhead what do you do , Bud ? bud I be sorta between job . look , what do you say we , uh ... a hand on Bud 's shoulder . he turn to see Dudley Smith . dudley lad , may I have a word with you ? bud this business , Captain ? dudley say goodnight to you friend and join I by that back table . Dudley start off . Bud turn back to redhead , but she 's already talk to a sailor . booth Dudley sit at a table . a newspaper be open , a little mound underneath . Bud join Dudley . bud do that paper say we have be indicted ? do it say exley 's a hero for squealing I and stensland off ? dudley he make he play amd he get what he want . they be make he a detective . bud Captain , what do you want ? dudley call I Dudley . bud Dudley , what do you want ? dudley lad , I admire you refusal to testify and you loyalty to you partner . I admire you as a policeman , particularly you adherence to violence as a necessary adjutant to the job . and I be most impressed with you punishment of wife beater . do you hate they , wendell ? bud ( look away ) yeah , I hate they . dudley and for good reason judge from what I know of you background . Bud look back over . Dudley 's get too personal . bud what 's go to happen to stensland ? he will give himself cirrhosis over this . he 's one year from he pension . dudley it would have happen year ago if you have not carry he . why the loyalty , wendell ? bud he help I out once . that 's all . dudley you partner 's through . Department scapegoat on the Chief 's order . he 's be bill , he will be indicted and he will swing . bud him and I both . Fucking exley . dudley do not underestimate he skill . as a politician he exceed even myself . but the department need smart man like exley and ... direct man like yourself bud what do you want ? dudley wendell , I want you to come to work for I . bud do what ? mowing you fuck lawn ? Smith yank the newspaper revealing Bud 's badge &amp ; .38 special . Bud can not believe he eye . dudley they be yours . take they . bud I know you have juice , but ... there 's no goddamn bill on I ? dudley four of the defendant recante they testimony . bud how ? Dudley dismiss the question with a wave of he hand . dudley I need you for a assignment the Chief 's give I the go-ahead on . a duty few man be fit for , but you be bear for . you will be work out of homicide . bud ( excited ) homicide ? a detective ? chief you talent lie elsewhere , wendell . it 's a muscle job and shoot job . you will do what I say and not ask question . do you follow my drift ? bud ( disappointed ) in technicolor . dudley will you work for I ? bud of course ... but how ? dudley how what , wendell ? bud how would you get they to retract ? Dudley lay brass knuckle on the table . they be chip , cake with blood . dissolve to : L.A. montage over the pop song " stranger in paradise . " a ) ext . grauman' chinese - night Frank Sinatra at the premiere of from here to eternity . B ) int . klub zamboanga - night Charlie " Bird " parker make magic before a appreciative , mostly black crowd . C ) torch song tavern ( riverside ) - night nate janklow exit with he latest flame . a mob lieutenant , nate be last see with mickey Cohen outside the Federal courthouse in the open montage . a car screech up . two gun aim and nate and he date do down in a proverbial hail of lead . D ) ext . freeway - day a groundbreake . the Mayor scrape at the ground with a gold shovel . pierce patchett be among the distinguished guest . end of montage ext . hollywood high school - day the marquee gush : " today sgt. Joe reno : badge of honor Star brett chase . " int . hollywood high school - auditorium - day a nerdy 14 - year -old ask brett chase : 14-year-old why would you become a policeman ? chase I be not a policeman . I just play one on television . but I think I can answer for they . to help people . that 's why I do the show . chase look over and wink at Jack who wait in the wing . chase to protect and serve . it 's not just a motto . as the kid applaud , chase join Jack who give he a quick drag of a cigarette . a nervous PA join they . chase point out a fetching girl in the second row . chase that one . in the sweater . ( to Jack ) they also serve who only stand and wait . chase and Jack watch the PA ask " sweater " a question while point to chase . maybe sixteen , she nod " yes " eagerly . chase Jack , I will see you Monday on set . jack I will not be there . they be tone down my profile . printing PRESS the latest issue of hush - hush fly through . on the cover : " gail Russell caught in Love nest . nymph or no ? " int . CITY jail - day Bud White flip through today 's book slip , find one that 's interesting . reading to himself ... bud domestic . assault and battery . containment squad strong -arm , breuning and carlisle pause as they pass . carlisle ready to go , Bud ? bud I will be there in five minute . CITY jail - hallway Bud walk to a door cover in sheet metal . he open it to reveal a hold tank with a burly , jumpsuite prisoner . bud I hear you like to hit woman . prisoner my wife . she 's drop charge so it 's none of you business . Bud enter , close the door behind he . a beat , we hear the sound of fist on flesh . it 's Bud 's business now . int . beverly hill mansion - study - night deuce Perkins ( the mickey Cohen narcotic lieutenant see earlier ) stand at the bookshelf . he pull down book to reveal a shoe box . he set it on he desk , pull back the cover to reveal several bag of white powder . heroin . a branch snap outside . Perkins open a drawer , fish a revolver . turn off the light , he head to the window . his finger part the curtain . at that instant , he stagger , fall as gunfire rip into he . the heroin just sit there on the desk . ext . mcneil penitentiary - day grim - face guard scan the yard from machine - gun tower . int . mcneil penitentiary - visitor booth - day mickey Cohen sit across from visitor johnny stompanato . Cohen be go off the handle . cohen what do you mean deuce Perkins get clipped last night ?! stompanato they shot he in he library . cohen I do not want a floor plan ; I want to know who ! who 's take the ticket for this , johnny ? stompanato nobody . at least not yet . cohen and what about the merchandise deuce be hold for I ? stompanato go . not a trace . cohen some ferstunkener be move in and we do not know who ?! maybe we should ask hedda Hopper ! as " stranger in paradise " end , so do the montage . int . briefing room - ad vice - day address the squad , a no-nonsense vice captain pick up a stack of magazine . vice captain picture - book smut , gentleman . there 's be a bunch of it find at collateral crime scene lately . mostly narcotic and prostitution collar . as the vice capt . hand it out for the man to examine , new member Jack vincenne arrive late . vice captain look who 's back from suspension . we be honore , sergeant Jack . the man laugh . Jack sit , flip a magazine . Men and woman . Men and man . Girls and girl . Girls and horse . jack gee. the great jerk - off Book caper of 1953 . vice captain vincenne , be there someplace you would rather be ? jack yeah , cap. back in narcotics . vice captain oh ? anyplace else ? jack work whore with squad two . vice captain maybe you should have think of that before you make bloody Christmas page one . vice capt. retrieve the magazine , hand they to Jack . vice captain they be yours . make a major case , sergeant . it 's the only way you be get out of here . exaggerated " ooh " and " aah " from the man . vice captain dismiss , gentleman . as they go , Jack see the book be stamp : " fleur-de - lis whatever you desire . " Jack take the match business card from he wallet , the one he find on Christmas Eve . vice captain Roll , vincenne . no sidetrack . this be ad vice , not narco . int . hollywood station - narco pen - day Jack vincenne be at he desk . holding the fleur-de - lis card , magazine spread before he , Jack dial the number . int . hush -hush magazine office - day sid hudgeon sit behind he desk , answer the phone . hudgeons hush -hush . off the record and on the q.t. jack ( v.o. ) sid , it 's vincenne . hudgeons Jackie , be you back on narco ? I need copy . intercut with Jack at he desk : jack no. but I have get something go with ad vice . hudgeons something good ? jack do not know . I be chase picture book . fuck shot , but the poser do not look like junky . it 's well do stuff . I think you might have hear something . hudgeon reach into a stack of papers , pull out a magazine like the one Jack have . hudgeons not a word . jack what about fleur-de - lis ? they slogan 's ' whatever you desire . ' hudgeons no . no , I have hear bupkis . Jack , I will talk to you later . call I when you get something I can use . smut 's from hunger . for sad sack who can not get they ash haul the line click off . Jack hesitates a moment before cradling the receiver . something 's not right here . ext . holywood station - parking lot - twilight as exley pull in , he two - way drone : dispatcher ( v.o. ) Park ranger report three negro youth discharge shotgun into the air in griffith Park . suspect be drive a late model purple mercury coupe . as the report end , exley switch off the two - way and get out of he car . int . hollywood station - squad room - night accompany by Bud , Dick stensland cram the content of he desk into a box . well - wishing cop pat he on the back , offer word of encouragement , but stensland look like he 's go to cry . it 's very bad timing as exley enter , come face - to - face with they . this be hatred . acting on impulse , Bud go after exley . it 's a maul . four vicious body shot . a potentially lethal head shot sail wide as exley fall to the ground . as four man move to hold Bud back , exley look up at he . exley ( gasp ) you be just a thug , White . that 's all you will ever be . Dudley step into the fray . he help exley to he foot . dudley you should stay away from a man when he blood be up . exley his blood 's always up . four cop be genuinely have trouble hold Bud back . Dudley watch with something border on admiration . dudley then maybe you should stay away from he all the time . ext . hollywood station - parking lot - night accompany by Bud , stensland reach he car , load he box of stuff into the trunk . Bud be moody , pensive . stensland do not look so down in the mouth , Bud . you nail he good . bud yeah , sure ... I get a couple of hour before I have to be at the Victory . want to grab a beer ? stensland rain check I , partner . I get something big go on tonight . bud what ? that new mystery girl you have be see ? stensland no. I will tell you sometime . not now . do not want to jinx it . but it could take the edge off that jail time I get come . bud what be you talk about ? stensland it 's confidential , Bud . like that magazine vincenne scam for . hush -hush . ( smile ) I will see you tomorrow . and hey , if it work out , you will get a piece of it . stensland get in the car , drive off . Bud be leave alone . int . hollywood station - squad room - night exley sit alone in a sea of desk . the squawk BOX drone . exley squint at the clock on the wall , can not make it out . he take he glass from the inside of he jacket . 2:00 a.m. finally , something to do . he walk to the wall calendar , tear off Feb. 28 to reveal mar. 1 . as exley sit , the call squawk BOX boom to life . voice squad call ! nite owl coffee shop one-eight-one-two-four Cherokee ! multiple homicide ! multiple homicide ! code three ! ext . hollywood and cherokee - night patrol car . blue set up a crime scene blockade . exley pull up , douse he siren . patrolman # 1 run over . patrolman # 1 load of people down . men. woman . I stop for coffee -- exley push he aside , head for the door . it 's wide open . int . nite owl - night exley take mental snapshot . ten stool front a counter . the side wall mural - paper : winking owl perch on street sign . on the right a string of table . Three in disarray . food spill , dish break . a high -heel pump by a upend chair . heel drag mark across the linoleum floor head back toward the kitchen . exley follow . past a open , empty cash register . outside -- siren . service runway crisscross drag mark connect , lead to a walk - in ... food locker blood -soak body on the floor . five , maybe six in a tangle . dozen of shotgun shell float in the pool of blood . as exley struggle to maintain he composure ... rookie ( o.s. ) Holy shit fuck ... exley look at a green - face rookie in the locker doorway . rookie s-s-sir , there 's a captain outside want to see you . exley do not get sick ! not in here ! exley shove the rookie , puke , out the door . ext . nite owl - night patrolmen hold back a swarm of reporter and rubber - necker . horn blast . motorcycle run interference for meat wagon cut off by the crown . as Ed emerge , reporter surge , shout question . exley hurry past , find Dudley in command and bark order . exley Sir , I take the call . it 's my case . dudley Edmund , you do not want it and you can not have it . exley yes , I do , sir . dudley it 's mine . I will make you my second in command . exley spot a photographer move in . he look properly serious as the flash bulb pop . int . night owl - night forensics Chief ray pinker walk exley and Dudley through . pinker we get a total of forty - five spend 12 - gauge remington shotgun shell . Three man with five- shot-capacity pump . all of they reloading twice . exley hold on ... we need to canvass . see if a purple mercury be see around here tonight . dudley why ? exley we get a call earlier on three negro youth . firing shotgun in griffith Park from a late-model purple mercury coupe . dudley ( to he adjutant ) get on it . a forensics cop approach pinker . forensics cop we get a i.d. on one of the victim , sir ... I think it 's Dick stensland . exley and Dudley react , look at each other . ext . victory motel - dawn set in a no- mar n's - land of bulldoze home . a sign proudly announce the impending arrival of the freeway . the motel be surround by a barb - wire fence . abandon but for a pair of lapd car and a light burn in room 6 . a unmark pull up and exley and Dudley step out . they start forward , but a scream inside 6 stop exley short . dudley with mickey Cohen in prison , Los Angeles be organize crime free . the Chief want it to stay that way , Edmund . the mean be not for the weak -heart . int . victory motel - room 6 - dawn bare . a table and chair bolt to the floor . a tough flat - nosed gangster be cuffed to the hot seat . on the table be a .45 and a fat roll of $ 100 bill . breun and carlisle watch as Bud White deliver a couple of short , stiff body shot . flatnose be not use to be on the receive end . all the same , we get the idea Bud 's a bit reluctant . Bud 's back be to Dudley and exley who enter behind he . dudley come , wendell , you can do better than that . Bud turn , see exley and Dudley . a beat . as Bud loom over flatnose , the gangster babbles . snitch -frenzy . flatnose I know thing . I hear thing . like with the Mick inside , thing be on this weird slowdown . ( more ) flatnose ( cont 'd ) this shooter team , bang bang bang , they be 86 - ing mickey Cohen 's man . dudley we know all that , lad . tell we , who do this shooter work for ? flatnose I do not know . no one know . maybe they be maverick . you want a prostie roust ? huh ? some narco action ? ( break down ) what do you want ?! dudley we want you to go home . ( to breun ) uncuff he , Michael . Dudley turn to exley . dudley Mr. sifakis be a know loan shark from San Francisco . he arrive this afternoon at Union Station . look for business opportunity in we fair city . a organize crime associate in need of be - education in the way of polite society . uncuffed , flatnose rub he wrist . wary . as breun step back , flatnose snatch the .45 off the table . flatnose motherfucker ! exley dive for cover , but the other four cop just stand there . Dudley look down on the floor at exley . dudley it 's part of the play , Edmund . a sincerity test . flatnose look at the gun a beat , then squeeze the trigger . click click . no bullet . dudley ( to breun ) sit he back down . click , click . they shove flatnose back in the hot seat . Dudley offer a hand to exley , help he to he foot . dudley wendell , you need to accompany detective Lieutenant exley on official police business . I will finish up here . int . exley's plymouth - day they drive in silence . no love lose here . finally . bud where be we go ? exley it 's a surprise . you like surprise , do not you , White ? ext . county morgue - day exley pull up . Bud look to he . really curious now . int . county morgue - hallway - day exley and Bud walk . a orderly wheel a cover corpse toward they from the other end of the hall . Bud 's spook . the orderly wheel the body in to the examination room . as Bud and exley pass , the coroner pull back the sheet , be surprised at the sight of a woman who we do not quite see . coroner call I crazy , but for a second I think it be rita hayworth . morgue meat locker exley and Bud walk past a wall of drawer to where a coroner 's assistant wait . exley we need you to i.d. the body . there 's no next of kin and you know he best . so tell I ... the assistant pull open drawer 12 . a naked man . a tag on he toe and half he face blow off . exley be that Dick stensland ? stun , Bud stare at what 's leave of he old partner . bud yeah , that 's sten . exley Hell of a way to avoid a prison sentence . Bud 's tear between want to smash exley and find out why stensland be dead . he squeeze out the word . bud what happen ? exley someone hold up a coffee shop , panicked and kill six people . then , from the hall ... woman ( o.s. ) not my baby ! not my little girl ! int . county morgue - examination room - day hilda leffert , 50 , enter with the coroner to id the body of she daughter , Susan . there 's stray buckshot in the upper chest and shoulder , but a sheet hide the real damage . it 's the girl Bud see outside Hollywood liquor . without the black eye , she do look like rita hayworth . as Bud and exley appear , Mrs. leffert look confuse . coroner be this you daughter , Mrs. leffert ? mrs . leffert I -- I do not know . exley we know this be difficult . just take you time and look again . exley do not realize , but Bud recognize the decease . mrs . leffert it seem like my Susan , but ... exley when be the last time you see she , Mrs. leffert ? mrs . leffert at Christmas . we have fight . I do not like she boyfriend . I -- she have a birthmark on she hip . the coroner lift the sheet . Mrs. leffert gasp . mrs . leffert it 's she . my baby . dear God ... as Mrs. leffert swoon , Bud and exley both hold she up . int . lapd headquarters - briefing room - day the room buzze , jamme to the rafter with every detective stand ready . the Chief wait as Dudley Smith take the mike , hold up a L.A. Times headline . dudley ' nite owl massacre . ' hyperbole aside , this be a heinous crime that require a swift resolution . the public will demand it and this department will provide it . six victim . one of they , one of we own -- Dick stensland . ( as the cop react ) as it happen , he be a nite owl regular . in the wrong place at the wrong time . Bud White listen , not too sure . stensland say he have something big go on ... dudley robbery look like the motive . we have rubber glove print on the register and preliminary forensics strongly lean toward a trio of gunman . we do have one hot lead , so listen well . Three negro youth be see last night discharge shotgun in the air at griffith Park . a park ranger i.d.e they as drive a 1948 to 1950 mercury coupe , purple in color . a hour ago , a canvass crew find a news vendor who see a purple merc coupe park across from the nite owl around 3:00 a.m. the room go loud , a big rumbling . Dudley hold up a list . dudley the d.m.v. work all night to get we a registration list on ' 48 to ' 50 purple merc . there be 142 register to negroes in L.A. County . fifty two - man team will shake three name apiece . hot suspect you will bring here . interrogation room have be set up . they will be run by Lieutenant Edmund exley . Hollywood squad . catcall . boos . the Chief step to the mike . chief enough on that . gentlemen , just go out and get they . use all necessary force . the people of Los Angeles demand it . the man exchange know look . the real message : kill they clean . exley do not approve . as the man hurry out ... exley he might as well have put a bounty on they . int . squad room - day detective pair up and move out . scan he three name list , Bud join he partner for the day . bud can you take they ? I get I get something I gotta do . partner Christ , I do not know . what if one of this name ... bud what I gotta do be for stensland . my partner . the guy look at he a beat , nod . as Bud head off ... exley watch everyone go . wish he could be part of the action . he spot Jack talk to he redneck partner for for the day . jack and redneck redneck chew tobacco , have a Texas drawl . redneck where to , trash ? jack if we go by the list , we have about zero chance of make the collar . but I know a guy who know what 's go on south of jefferson . I be betting he could put we at 50/50 . redneck I do not know ... as redneck think , exley step up . he 's overhear . exley I will take that odd . ( to redneck ) take off . we get it from here . Jack stare . redneck shrug , spit tobacco juice in a cup . redneck between the two of you guy , you should bring along a photographer . int . hollywood liquor - day last time we see the owner be Christmas Eve . he look up from a customer as Bud stride in , badge out front . bud I need a address on a customer of yours . her name be Lynn . owner that 's all I have to go on ? bud yeah . and I think you already know who I mean , so cough it up . owner Lynn bracken . there 's a billing address and a delivery address . bud give I both . billing first . ext . 1184 gretna GREEN , brentwood ( patchett be ) - day a big , pink Spanish mansion with lot of tile . also last see outside Hollywood liquor on Christmas Eve , pierce patchett be in the front yard , chipping golf ball over a koi pond . they land in a tight grouping . as he tee up : bud ( o.s. ) you must slay them at the country club . Bud 's halfway up the walk . patchett see the cuff hook to he belt . patchett be cool as can be . bud be you pierce patchett ? patchett I be . be you solicit for police charity ? the last time , you people call at my office . bud I be a homicide detective . where be you last night ? patchett I be here , host a party . who be kill and why do you think I can help ? bud Richard stensland . patchett I do not know he . Mr ... bud Officer White . how about Susan leffert ? you know she ? patchett ( sigh , concede ) you know I do or you would not be here . how do you find I ? bud we meet outside Hollywood liquor on Christmas Eve . this be where Lynn bracken 's booze bill go . patchett of course ... bud Sue leffert die at the nite owl . I be investigate . patchett study Bud a beat , weigh he option . patchett 's burly bodyguard start over from the house . bodyguard everything alright , Mr. patchett ? patchett ( wave he off ) Fine , Philip . thank you . bud where 's the other guy ? buzz . patchett he no longer work for I . ( a beat ) find Susan 's killer , Mr. White . I will give you a handsome reward . whatever you desire . if only Jack have be around to hear that . bud thanks , but no thanks . patchett against you code ? bud I do not have one . leffert look beat - up Christmas Eve , but do not act it . how come ? patchett do you care about criminal matter peripheral to Susan 's murder ? bud no . patchett then you would not feel obligate to report they ? bud that 's right . patchett then listen closely , because I will only say this once and if it get repeat , I will deny it . I run call girl . Lynn bracken be one of they and so be Susan leffert . I treat my girl very well . I have grow daughter , myself , and I do not like the think of woman be hurt . I sense you share this feel . bud ( ignore comment ) why be leffert ' eye black ? patchett I think she would be hit in the face with a tennis racket . she be -- be -- a big double fan . bud you wanna go downtown and discuss this officially ? patchett wait . we deal still hold ? Bud nod , he patience run thin . patchett I need a rita hayworth to fill out my little studio . bud what little studio ? patchett there 's gardner , hepburn , grable , Turner . Lynn bracken be my Veronica Lake . I use girl who look like movie star . sometimes I employ a plastic surgeon . bud that 's why she mother could not i.d. she ... Jesus fuck Christ . patchett no , Mr. White . pierce morehouse patchett . now , I sense you be on you best behavior , but that 's all I will give you . if you persist , I will meet you with my attorney . now , would you like miss bracken 's address ? I doubt she know anything , but -- bud I get she address . patchett of course ... this be personal with you , be not it , Mr. White ? Bud turn , head down the walk . patchett hit he golf ball . it land just past the koi pond , with the rest . Ice . ext . 1736 nottingham , los feliz ( lynn bracken be ) - day a modern-look triplex . a projector 's flicker strobe against the close curtain . we hear a phone ring . int . 1736 nottingham ( lynn bracken be ) - day the film be this gun for hire with Alan ladd and Veronica Lake . it 's project on a wall in front of which stand Lynn bracken and a older gentleman , in he underwear . Lynn 's long , blonde hair hang down over one eye . she look more like Veronica Lake than Veronica Lake . the film flash over they as they kiss . the phone ring . Lynn ignore it as long as she can before break away to go answer it . lynn hello ? older gentleman ( Alan ladd ) be it the cop ? she wave he off . as he practice point he finger like ladd point a gun , Lynn react to the news on the phone . ext . 9781 south duquesne - day a South Central plywood and tar-paper dive . a black boxer pound a heavy bag / speed bag combo bolt to the porch . wiry , a welterweight , he do not see Jack and exley till they be almost on top of he . jack Leonard bidwell ? the Boxer lean on the bag to catch he breath . look they over , he finally nod . jack how 's the leave this day ? boxer what 's it to you ? jack I see you fight kid gavilan . I like you style . boxer what do you want , Mr. policeman ? jack you get a brother up in folsom . I know because I put he there . boxer till 19 - fuck - 70 . jack how would you like to make it 1960 ? I know the judge and sergeant exley here be friend with hte d.a . exley nod , this be true . the Boxer 's still listen . jack we be look for three color guy who like to pop off shotgun . one of them own a purple merc coupe . boxer you wanna get I a fuckin ' snitch jacket ? jack you wanna buy you brother ten year ...? you do not have to say anything . just look at this list and point . here . Jack hold the dmv list out to the Boxer , who wave it off . boxer he 's bad , so I will just tell you . sugar Ray coate . drive a ' 49 coupe , a beautiful ride . do not know about shotgun , but he get he thrill kill dog . he be righteous trash . Jack and exley scan the list . Jack 's finger stab down on , " coate , Raymond , 9611 South Central , room 414 . " jack that 's five minute from here . ext . 1736 nottingham ( lynn bracken be ) - day Lynn do she best to usher the slightly dishevel older gentleman out the door . older gentleman I do not understand , doll , we just get start . lynn I be sorry , but I will make it up to you . I promise . older gentleman gosh , kitten , I do not know ... as he begin to mash up against she ... bud ( o.s. ) hit the road , gramp . Bud 's stand at the bottom of the stair . the older gentleman strike a pose . he still think he 's Alan ladd . older gentleman alright . this time I will go , but next time -- bud ( flip badge ) l.a.p.d. , shitbird . get the fuck out of here or I will call you wife to come get you . sputter , the older gentleman exchange a look with Lynn then hurry away , give Bud a wide berth . lynn I have be expect you . pierce call . told I what happen to Sue . int . 1736 nottingham ( lynn bracken be ) - day a nice breezy feel . the perfect place to shack up . lynn it 's Officer White , be not it ? Bud nod , eyeball the place . lynn can I get you a drink ? bud yeah , plain scotch . Bud watch she move to the bar . God , she 's beautiful . lynn I be friendly with Sue leffert , but we be not really friend . you know what I mean ? bud be you sorry she 's dead ? lynn of course I be . what kind of question be that ? she step back with a scotch for both of they . bud have you ever hear of Dick stensland ? lynn no I have not . do you know why pierce be humoring you ? bud you use word like that , you might make I mad . lynn yes . but do you know ? bud yeah I know . patchett 's run whore and judge by he address , probably something bigger on the side . he do not want any attention . lynn that 's right . we motive be selfish , so we be cooperate . bud why be Susan leffert at the nite owl ? lynn I do not know . I never hear of the nite owl till today . bud do leffert have a boyfriend ? lynn like I say we be friendly , not friend . bud how would she meet patchett ? lynn pierce meet people . Sue come on the bus with dream of Hollywood . this be how they turn out . thanks to pierce , we still get to act a little . bud tell I about patchett . lynn he 's wait for you to mention mention . bud you want some advice , miss bracken ? lynn it 's Lynn . bud miss bracken , do not ever try to fuck bribe I or threaten I or I will have you and patchett in shit up to you ear . Lynn smile again . she like Bud . a beat . lynn I remember you from Christmas Eve . you have a thing for help woman , do not you , Officer White ? bud maybe I be just fuck curious . lynn you say ' fuck ' a lot . bud you fuck for money . lynn there 's blood on you shirt . be that a integral part of you job ? bud yeah . lynn do you enjoy it ? bud when they deserve it . lynn do they deserve it today ? bud I be not sure . lynn but you do it anyway . bud yeah , just like the half dozen guy you screw today . lynn ( laugh again ) actually , it be two . you be different , Officer White . you be the first man in five year who do not tell I I look like Veronica Lake inside of a minute . bud you look better than Veronica Lake . now , pierce patchett . lynn he take a cut of we earning and invest it for we . he make we quit the life at thirty . he do not let we use narcotic and he do not abuse we . can you policeman 's mentality grasp that contradiction ? bud he have you cut to look like Veronica Lake ? lynn no . I be really a brunette , but the rest be I . and that 's all the news that 's fit to print . Lynn start toward the door . Bud watch she a moment , then follow . she take he glass at the door . lynn it be nice meeting you , Officer . out the door , Bud turn back . blurt : bud look . I want to see you again . lynn be you ask I for a date or a appointment ? bud ( suddenly unsure ) I do not know . lynn ( another smile ) if it 's a date I think you would better tell I you first name because I -- bud ( feel foolish ) forget I ask . it be a mistake . Lynn watch thoughtfully after Bud as he walk away . he open he car door like he 's go to tear ir off . a last glance back at Lynn and as he get in the car ... ext . tevere HOTEL - day a l-shape walk - up . Jack coast the car to the curb . he leap out with exley . exley hold up at the sight of a late model sedan . he lean down to look in the window at the two - way on the dash . exley l.a.p.d. jack shit. someone beat we here . voice from the carport ahead . we see a chrome bumper , the purple fender of a ' 49 mercury coupe . a door slam . drawing a .45 , Jack start over with exley , .38 in hand . carport tote shotgun , Dudley 's boy from the Victory Motel , breun and carlisle , stand by the purple mercury . Jack and exley come around the corner , lower they gun . jack hey . breun wheel , pump a round into the chamber . he very nearly fire before he see who it be . carlisle what the fuck be you guy do here ? exley think of we as back -up . jack what do you get ? as Jack move to peer through the merc 's window . breuning Three ithaca pump , a empty box of double - ought buck and cash . Jack spot they . Three shotgun on the passenger side floor , a empty box of shell and loose dollar bill . jack so long , vice . badge of honor , here I come . carlisle fuck you , vincenne . it 's we collar . breun actually have to restrain he partner . exley quiet . I be rank officer here . we go as a team . end of story . int . corridor - tevere HOTEL - day breun and carlisle lead the way with Jack and exley bring up the rear . squint , exley reach to he pocket for something . not there . exley damnit ... jack what ? exley glass . jack ( chuckle ) just do not shoot I . the door to 414 . two man on either side . breun rear back . Jack rear back . they kick at the same instant . the door fly off its hinge to reveal two young black man , larry fontaine and ty jone , waking from a couple of flop mattress . room 414 fontaine jump up . enter , carlisle aim , but exley grab he arm . the blast rip the ceiling . Jack aim . jack freeze ! fontaine freeze . Jones do not dare get up . carlisle Ace he , Jack . exley shut up , carlisle ! Jack and exley burst into a ... second bedroom another black , ray coate , pass out on mattress , sur - round by empty beer can . Jack stick he .38 in he back , start to cuff he . as the cuff ratchet down ... int . observation room - day Dudley watch intently as Ed exley skim a report , memorize name and date . Jack and other brass be also here along with a stenographer . so 's Bud . one of this guy kill stensland . through tinted glass , the three suspect in three different room . exley casitas youth Camp ... coate twenty - two , a boxer ... manager see they burn clothes . satisfied , exley set the report down . dudley Ed , I want confession . exley I will break they , sir . as exley step into the # 1 room , Jack join Dudley . jack you think golden boy can handle it , cap ? dudley I think you will be surprised what Edmund 's capable of . int . # 1 room - day exley close the door . Ray coate be cuffed to a chair , dress in baggy County denim . one eye swollen shut , lip split , a smashed nose with one nostril split . exley unlock he cuff . drop cigarettes and amtches on the table . as coate rub he wrist ... exley they call you sugar Ray because of Ray Robinson ? ( no answer ) they say Robinson can throw a four punch combination in one second . do you believe that ? coate just stare at he . exley you be twenty - two , be not you , Ray ? coate say what and so what . exley do one of the officer work you over a little ? no bite . coate just stare back . exley you look like Robinson after that last lamotta fight . ' course lamotta look a lot worse . so you be twenty - two , right ? coate man , why do you keep ask I that ? exley just get my fact straight . twenty - two make it a gas chamber bounce . you should have pull this caper a couple of year ago . get life , do a little youth Authority jolt , transfer to folsom a big man . orbit on some of that good prison brew , get yourself a sissy -- coate I never truck with no sissy ! exley that fuck Larry . I almost believe he . coate believe what ? exley nothing , ray. ( laugh ) that Larry , he 's a pisser . you do the casitas youth Camp with he , do not you ? coate man , why be you talkin ' about Larry ? his business be he business . unseen by coate , exley reach under the table , take hold of one of three toggle switch . exley sugar , Larry tell I you go sissy up at casitas . you could not do the time so you find yourself a big white boy to look after you . he say they call you ' sugar ' because you give it out so sweet . exley flip the toggle . # 3 room the speaker over Larry fontaine 's head crackle to life . coate ( v.o. ) Larry give it at casitas ! man , I be the fuckin ' boss jocker on my dorm ! Larry 's the sissy ! Larry give it for candy bar ! # 1 room exley flip up the second toggle . exley Ray , you protect ty and Larry up in casitas , do not you ? coate you be not woofin ' I do . stupid down home nigger get no more sense than a fuckin ' dog . exley flip the switch off . exley I hear you like to shoot dog . coate dog get no reason to live . exley oh ? you feel that way about people , too ? coate man , what be you say ? exley Ray , we get the shotgun . coate I do not own no shotgun . exley why be you throw clothes in the building incinerator ? coate ( tremble ) say what ? exley you guy be arrest this morning , but none of you have last night 's clothes . you be see burn they . add to that the fact that you hide the car you be cruise around in last night and it do not look good . coate I get nothin ' more to say till I see a judge . exley be you on hop ? you be pass out when you get arrest . be you hop up , Ray ? coate ty and Larry fuck with that shit , not I . exley where do they get they stuff ? come on . give I one to feed the d.a . just a little one . coate nod . exley flip up the toggle as he lean in . coate roland navarette . live on bunker Hill . he run a hole - up for parole absconder and sell red devil . exley flip down the switch , stand . exley I be go to take a break . exley open the door , look back in afterthought . exley you know , Ray , I be talk about the gas chamber and you have not even ask I what this be all about . you get a big guilty sign around you neck . exley exit . observation room exley enter . dudley masterful , Edmund . you father would have be proud . ( point ) this one 's on the verge . exley look through the glass into # 2 . Larry fontaine be weep . a piss puddle on the floor by he chair . exley fontaine next , but give Jones the newspaper . I want he prime . # 2 room fontaine try to control he sniffles as exley enter . exley Larry , Ray coate ratted you off . he say the nite owl be you idea . you want to tell I about it ? no answer . exley I think it be Ray 's idea . talk and I think I can save you life . no answer . exley Larry , this be a gas chamber job . if you do not talk , you will be dead in six month . no answer . exley Son , six people be dead and somebody have to pay . it can be you or it can be Ray . no answer . exley Larry , he call you queer . he say at casitas you take it up the ass . he say -- fontaine I didn't kill nobody ! the voice be strong , full of conviction . exley glance at the mirror . then ... exley why would you burn the clothes ? fontaine ( sobbing ) I just want to lose my cherry . I do not mean to hurt she . exley can not hide he surprise at this . exley hurt who ? be she a hooker ? hurt who ? but fontaine be go . head lolling , eye squeezing out tear . observation room exley step out of the interrogation room . Dudley brace he . dudley do not get sidetracked . stay with the nite owl . exley she may still be alive , whoever she be . Bud 's all ear . # 3 room reading , Jones have he foot on the table . exley burst in . jone this newspaper shit be not shit . exley where 's the girl ? do you kill she ? no answer , but Jones look nervous . exley you want Larry to lose he cherry , but thing get out of hand . be that right ? observation room everyone 's attention be rivete , particularly Bud 's . they watch , listen over the speaker . exley ( over speaker ) kick loose , Jones . I know you make she bleed , but that do not mean you kill she . no answer , but Jones be squirming . exley ( over speaker ) if that girl 's alive , you have still get a chance on this one . jone ( over speaker ) I think she 's alive . exley ( over speaker ) you think ? Jack turn to Dudley . jack he 's good . I will give he that . they do not notice as the chair back begin to splinter in Bud 's hand . # 3 room exley sit across from he , try to wrap it up . exley where be she now ? ( no answer ) do you leave she someplace ? ( no answer ) do you sell she out ? give she to some of you buddy ? tell I where the girl be ! the door blast open . Bud slam Jones up against the wall . as exley stand , he bang he knee on the table . pull a .38 , Bud break the cylinder , drop 5 shell on the floor . bud one in six . where 's the girl ? exley Officer White , put down that weapon and -- Bud shove the barrel into Jones ' mouth , pull the trigger twice . click , click . Jones start to slide down the wall . Bud jerk he back up , roar . bud where ?! two more click . Jones spill . jone s-sylvester f-fitch one - o-nine and avalon gray corner house ... ext . avalon boulevard - evening a four cordon . they coast up to a gray corner house . Dudley Smith behind the wheel of the lead cruiser . Bud White ride shotgun , reloading he revolver . bud give I one minute . dudley you have get it , wendell . STREET Bud be out the door and scoot down a alley . exley move to follow , but Dudley cut he off . dudley we be go through the front . alley Bud vault a fence , pad up the back porch . a screen door . Bud slip the catch with a penknife and walk inside . screen porch Bud head for a blind - cover door . unlocked , he enter ... a hallway Light bounce from side room . we hear the open spiel of " badge of honor " from the leave . Bud wheel into a ... bedroom a nude girl spread -eagle on a mattress . bound with neckty . one in she mouth . her eye grow wide at the sight of Bud , then flicker to the adjoin room . directing he . raising the .38 , Bud enter ... the kitchen sylvester fitch sit naked at the table wolfing Rice krispy and watch " badge of honor " on a flicker tv . he look up , see the .38 before he see Bud beyond it . fitch drop he spoon , raise he hand . Bud shoot he in the face . Dead , fitch just sit there . Bud move behind he . pull a spare piece from a ankle holster , Bud fire back at the door from fitch 's line of fire , then put the gun in fitch 's hand . we hear the front door crash OPEN . as fitch slide off the chair to the floor , Bud dump the Rice krispy on he . ext . gray house - night the girl on a stretcher . be carry to a ambulance . Bud White walk alongside , look like some ferocious pet pit bull . the attendant get she inside . one join she . the other close the door , pause to light a smoke . Bud rip the cigarette out of he mouth , nearly take the guy 's lip with it . bud get she to the fuck hospital . one look at Bud , and the attendant be run around to the driver 's side . exley arrive , steam . exley a naked guy with a gun ? you expect anyone to believe that ? bud get the fuck away from I . Bud start away , but exley get right in he face . other cop begin to take notice . the ambulance pull out . exley how 's it go to look on you report ? bud it will look like justice . that 's what that fat fuck get . justice . exley you do not know what the word mean , you dumb bastard . Bud go after exley , but ten hand pull they apart . Dudley on exley . four cop genuinely have trouble on Bud . and as if thing could not get crazier , shout from the cop on the street . police radios cranked up . dispatcher ( v.o. ) repeat , three suspect escape from the Hall of justice jail . the nite owl killer : Raymond coate , tyrone Jones and Larry fontaine . they be consider armed and extremely dangerous . description be as follow ... int . squad room - day electrify , " nite owl killer " on everyone 's lip . exley stride through with purpose , beeline to a filing cabinet . exley pull the file he 's look for . he scan a interrogation transcript , read to himself the word he 's look for : exley ' give I one to feed the d.a .... roland navarette . live on bunker Hill . run a hole - up for parole absconder . ' int . hollywood station - jack desk - day Police rush back and forth . exley hurry over to the desk , but he 's not there . exley anyone see Jack vincenne ? a few cop mumble they have not . as exley decide what to do , carlisle from the original arrest step over . carlisle be something up , Lieutenant ? ext . 1 ST &amp ; olive - day exley and carlisle pull up across the street from a four-story victorian with paint peel off the clap - board . they jump out of the car tote shotguns . carlisle wait as exley check the mail slot : " R. navarette , 408 . " int . stairwell - victorian build - day exley and carlisle take the step two at a time . int . 4 th floor hallway - victorian build - day exley squint , reach to a pocket . no glass . he pass a elevator , round a corner . there 's 408 . exley pump the shotgun , nod to carlisle who kick the door in . navarette live room exley and carlisle burst in on four man eat sandwich . fontaine and caucasian navarette at a table . coate on the floor . Jones by the window . exley squint . exley nobody move ! fontaine and navarette raise they hand . a jostle Beer bottle crash to the floor . reacting , carlisle jerk the trigger . fontaine go down . navarette draw a .38 , shoot carlisle twice in the chest . exley blast navarette . scream , Jones pull a .45 from he belt . exley fire , blow he right through the window . coate draw and fire , make a run for it . a bad pull take out half a back wall . coate be out the door . elevator coate make it inside , frantically push button . hallway here come exley . stumble , wiping navarette 's blood out of he eye , he close on the ... elevator coate watch as the elevator door begin close . hallway exley charge . elevator the shotgun barrel jut through . the door bang against it . blam ! dissolve to : L.A. montage tony bennett belt " boulevard of broken dream . " int . hollywood station - day exley return to grudge respect . his white shirt fleck with blood , he 's clapped on the back by Dudley who dub he " shotgun Ed . " exley do not enjoy it . he 's numb , stumbling along . as he notice the blood on he hand ... insert - newspaper headline nite owl hero ! over a photo of exley . ext . cemetery - grave - day a coffin be lower into the ground . a widow lean on the Chief 's arm , accept a tri-folded american flag from Dudley Smith . exley drop a handful of earth on the casket , have trouble get the wet dirt off he hand . chief we mourn the pass of a good man . the loss of sgt. William carlisle be the loss of he wife , he family and the entire Los Angeles Police Department ... a sea of dress blue . Jack look bored , dress too flashy for a funeral . Bud look grim , rain drip off the brim of he cap . as a twenty-one gun salute be fire ... ext . cemetery ( south central , l.a . ) - day Larry fontaine 's mother mourn alone as she son be bury . int . CITY of angel hospital - reception area - day exley talk with a tough , starchy nurse . exley I need the girl to give I a chronology of event . no detail . just time . nurse absolutely not . she barely remember she own name . exley but -- nurse I be tell the case be close . should I call you superior to double - check ? exley no. that will not be necessary . the nurse turn , march away . exley be leave with a nag doubt . ext . orange grove ( anaheim ) - day people cheer as bulldozer mow down orange tree . a banner herald the future : " on this site : the World 's biggest amusement Park . " cartoon character dance among the fall tree . int . state assemblyman' office - day sitting behind a desk be the older gentleman last see do he best Alan ladd impersonation at Lynn bracken 's . he stare emphatically at the smarmy lawyer who stand before he hold a manila folder . older gentleman you tell Mr. patchett I have no intention of change my vote . the lawyer simply hand he a stack of photograph . from Lynn bracken 's apartment . the first be the older gentleman naked except for he sock and garter . int . state assembly - chamber - day the older gentleman rise for a assembly vote . older gentleman it may surprise some , but a mature man , enlighten by the fact , can change he mind ... ext . 1736 nottingham ( lynn bracken be ) - night rain . a limo disgorge a heavy - set man who climb step , knock on the door . Lynn answer in a evening gown . he give she a peck on the cheek and continue in past she . Lynn 's about to follow he in when she pause to deadpan a look down the street . Bud 's Packard be park there and we can see he darken silhouette behind the wheel . smiling a bit sadly to herself , Lynn disappear inside . this be no stake - out . Bud watch after she with yearn . int . trocadero club - night cigarette girl and club photographer make the round . johnny stompanato enjoy the frenzien floor show . ext . wilshire boulevard - day a horse parade , heavy on the law enforcement contingent , out of place in he suit and tie , District Attorney Ellis loew awkwardly ride atop a sleek palimono . int . olympic auditorium - night the crowd in a frenzy as vincenne -snitch , the welterweight black boxer , beat the shit out of a white fighter . int . middle CLASS live room - night a father hold out he hand , count along as Jack slap $ 100 bill into he palm . maybe four thousand dollar . Jack say something about " we appreciate you understanding during this difficult time . " as " badge of honor " come on the tv , the father respond with " goddamn actor . " lead , Jack look through a open door where brett chase 's high school " sweater girl " be be comfort by she mother . as she lock eye with he a instant ... int . pierce patchett house - night the monied john watch horny as hell as " Ginger Rogers " twirl around the room with a female " Fred astaire . " clothes fly as they spin . still , most eye turn to Lynn bracken as she enter ooze that cat- girl grace . ext . police headquarters - day Reporters scribble as the Chief speak . uniform everywhere along with exley and loew . Bus sit in the back . chief Edmund J. exley have amass a brilliant record in he seven year with the l.a.p.d. recently he evince spectacular bravery in the line of duty . it be my honor to present he with we high honor , the Medal of valor . exley step up . the Chief hang a gold medallion around he neck . flashbulb pop as the two man shake hand . exley then accept a handshake from Dudley . the policeman stand on cue , applaud without enthusiasm . Dudley lift the medal from he chest . dudley you father would have be proud . exley use the noise to have aprivate chat with Dudley . exley there be loose end out there , Dudley . I -- dudley there always be . but there be also three man and three gun . matched forensically . a few loose end do not matter . exley something 's wrong . I feel it inside . do not that sound crazy ? Dudley put a arm around exley 's shoulder , smile out as more bulb flash . dudley break a big case stick you in a whirlwind . a little self - doubt ? it 's natural . just keep it inside . between you and you . exley consider he medal . it be a appeal thing . in the back , Bud stay sprawle in he seat . no one 's watch as he take out he gun , kiss it , and blow pretend smoke off the barrel . as the song end ... int . variety INTERNATIONAL picture - stage 4 - night a " badge of honor " fund - raiser for d.a. loew 's be - election cmpaign . hot dog and sauerkraut . fishbowls stuff with cash . Jack be here , return a smile half - heartedly . loew sit with he wife and teenage daughter as brett " Joe reno " chase speak . chase this election be about the future of law enforcement in Los Angeles . Ellis loew represent that future . so dig deep and let 's get a moral man re-elect . applause . leave the podium , chase smile at Ellis loew 's daughter who absolutely gush . chase then wink knowingly to Jack who return a tired , humorless smile . Jack scan the room . a odd moment as Jack catch he own reflection in a mirror across the way . he put a hand to he face . be that he ? hudgeon ( o.s. ) Big V Jack vincenne ! Jack turn to see sid hudgeon approach . hudgeons you be back , boychick . jack sid , how be they hang ? hudgeons down around my ankle . hudgeon scan the crowd , point someone out . hudgeons you remember Matt reynold ? Jack spot Matt reynold -- one of the young actor Jack arrest on Christmas Eve . hudgeons the grauman 's chinese pot bust . he just get off the honor farm . jack what 's he do here , sid ? hudgeons you tight with the d.a. , trash ? jack sure , he just try to throw I off the force last Christmas as a little joke . hudgeons how would you like a little payback ? not to mention a donation to the widow and orphan fund . do you know loew be a swish ? jack and reynold ? hudgeons he 's queer too . Metro pay he two grand a week to fake it with ingenue . on screen and off . I be get he to fuck the d.a. for a hundred buck . ( wink ) that 's twice the fifty you get for wreck he career . even Jack 's not immune to a comment like that . hudgeons Matt ! over here ! as hudgeon head over , hudgeon point out ... hudgeons that 's d.a. loew right there . reynold get a nervous bead on loew . hudgeon realize : hudgeons you need a drink , kid ... Jack , look after he a minute . kid , this be Jack . no secret between I and he . hudgeon head off . reynold , plae , nod at Jack . reynold have we meet before ? jack yeah . Jack do not really feel like talk to he . reynold ' nerve will not let he stay quiet . reynold be it a party ? jack something like that . reynold ( misread ) oh , I know . a fleur-de - lis party , right ? Jack remember the name , play along for what it 's worth . jack fleaur-de - lis . ' whatever you desire . ' reynold dope , liquor , hooker that look like movie star . pierce patchett have it all . Jack recognize the name , bluff for more information . jack yeah . I and patchett go way back . reynold pierce be not like regular people . I dig he , but he scare I too . jack really ? how ? reynold ( shake he head ) you know , when I come out to L.A. , this be not exactly where I see myself end up . jack yeah . I neither . reynold look like he 's go to cry . hudgeon return with a double scotch straight up and a hot dog with sauerkraut . he hand the drink to Matt . hudgeons dutch courage , kid . drink up . reynold downs a few gulp , look across the room at loew . reynold I do not know if I should do this . hudgeons hey , it 's not like you do not know how . and Jack here have connection on ' badge of honor . ' pull this off and there will be a part for you . I smell a comeback . do not you , Jack ? reynold look to Jack who give a noncommittal shrug . jack loew 's free . congratulate he . reynold nod , drain he glass and head off . hudgeon hand Jack a fold slip of paper . hudgeons if reynold work he charm , which he will , this be the address where they will be . meet I at midnight . I guarantee all sort of illegal activity . hudgeon take out a President grant $ 50 bill . Jack do not take it . jack sid , why would a guy like pierce patchett get involved with run dope and hooker ? hudgeons where would you hear that ? jack around . hudgeons Jackie , all I know be what you know . the man be very rich . and he 's invest in freeway construction so he 's gonna get a lot richer . but that 's it . patchett 's what I like to call ' twilight . ' he be not queer , he be not Red , he can not help I in my quest for prime sinuendo . Jack take the $ 50 as reynold return , shaking he head . hudgeons what ? reynold I can not do it . hudgeons talk to he , Jack . tell he about the open on the show . jack I be pretty sure I can get you a part on the show ... but tonight ? pretend it 's a act job , kid . showbiz . reynold and no one will know about this ? jack it will be we secret . reynold showbiz . emboldene by Jack 's promise , reynold head off . Jack and hudgeon watch as he strike a conversation with loew who 's captivate . hudgeon chomp a bite of he hot dog , give Jack the high sign , but Jack just feel like a pimp . int . victory HOTEL - room six - night scream . a cauliflower - ear Cleveland mob enforcer on the hotseat . breun work he with a rubber hose as Dudley ask unanswer question . Bud watch , revulsion grow . dudley where do you intend to start . prostitution ? gambling ? ( no answer ) go back to Cleveland , lad . this be the City of angel and you have not get any wing . more scream as the hose thwops down . Bud look away , then shuffles blindly out of the room . int . victory HOTEL - bathroom - night Bud run water in the sink to drow out the scream . it do not work . finally , he lean down and stick he head under the stream of water . that do not work either . ext . victory HOTEL - night Hair drip wet , Bud make it to he car . the tire spit gravel as he tear away . Dudley appear in the doorway , watch curiously . as cauliflower continue to scream ... int . bud packard - 1736 nottingham ( lynn be ) - night Bud watch Lynn bracken 's apartment , color light play on the window . shadows pass . finally the front door open . there 's Veronica Lake , all sparkles and spangle , kissing another distinguished gentleman goodnight . Bud watch the man into a wait limo . as it pull away ... int . 1736 nottingham ( lynn bracken be ) - live room - night now Lynn just look tired . as she put away scotch bottle and pick up empty glass , there 's a knock on the door . Lynn sigh , become sultry Veronica Lake before we eye . int . front hall - night lynn ( open door ) do you forget some -- Bud stand there , fill up the door frame . lynn I wonder when you might ring the bell again , Officer White . bud it 's Bud . Bud look at Lynn a moment , then down at he own foot . embarrass . she smile . lynn you should see yourself . you look like you be ten year old . Bud look back up . Lynn 's smile fade as she study he face . she 's not go to ask question . Lynn look at he a moment more , then run a hand through the blonde hair cover one eye . lynn if you would call first , I would not look this ridiculous . int . lynn bracken be ( 1736 nottingham ) - bedroom - night Lynn come to Bud naked , she hair brush back . Bud go slow , gently , take time with he kiss : like she be a lonely woman he want to love to death . Lynn play off he timing : she kiss back , she touch . finally , Bud force himself to stop . he pull back so he can see she . lynn you be wonder if patchett tell I to be receptive . Bud do not answer , but yes . lynn it do not matter . I like you , Bud . I really do . she kiss he . softly , draw it out . not a job . she want to make love to he . and as Bud stop think ... ext . 5261 cheramoya avenue ( hollywood ) - night Jack sit in he car wait . he check he watch ... 1:30 . well past midnight . jack come on , sid . where be you ? Jack decide . move with he as he get out and cross the street . the apartment be dark , the front door a few inch ajar . suspicious , Jack listen . Dead quiet . he enter ... int . 5261 cheramoya avenue - night no one here it seem . till Jack nearly trip over a body . Matt reynold . soak in blood . Throat slit . Jack look down in horror as reynold seem to stare back up at he . Jack stumble out the door . we hear he car door slam shut , the screech of rubber down the street . ext . 2345 halboro ( hudgeons ' house ) - night Jack pound on sid 's door till light switch on . jack it 's vincenne ! open up ! hudgeon open the door . he 's in he pajamas . hudgeons Jackie ! you get some good scoop for the sidster ? jack sid , cut the crap . I -- hudgeons give I some narco skinny . I want to put out a all hop-head issue . shvartze jazz musician and movie star . maybe tie it into the rosenbergs . you like ? Jack grab he , jerk he into the door frame . jack shut up ! hudgeons ( confuse ) what 's wrong , trash ? hudgeons what happen with the kid and loew ? hudgeons you do not get my message ? it get call off . the kid chicken out at the last minute . jack he 's dead . I be just there . somebody slit he throat . hudgeons Jesus . Jack , that 's a story . ' swish actor get the Gay blade . ' let I get my camera . hudgeon start away , but Jack grab he . jack loew do not go with he . you be sure ? hudgeons I put reynold in the cab myself . the night cost I a hundred scoot and I get bupkis . Jack let go of he , start to ramble off into the night . hudgeons Jackie ! Big V ! let I get my camera ! where be you go ?! int . after hour club - night the bartender walk down the bar to where Jack arrive . bartender what will it be , Jack ? jack ( pull out wallet ) a bottle of scotch . as the bartender turn for one , the only bill Jack find be the President grant fifty . the thing he 's do for fifty buck ... as he look up with despair at he reflection in the bar mirror , the bartneder set down a bottle and shot glass . he pluck the fifty from Jack 's hand . Jack grab the bottle and start out . bartender hey ! you change ! int . 1736 nottingham ( lynn bracken be ) - bedroom - night spend , Bud and Lynn lie in bed . she trace a finger over he bicep as he muse on the ceiling . bud who be that guy who be here earlier ? Lynn 's trace finger stop on Bud 's shoulder -- a small white scar . lynn it do not matter . all they get be Veronica Lake . you get the real Lynn Margaret bracken ... ( be : scar ) where would this come from ? bud when I be ten , my old man throw a bottle at my mother . I guess I get in the way . lynn so you save she . bud yeah . but not for long . Bud look away . Lynn see he do not want to talk about it . lynn do you like be a cop , Bud ? bud I use to . what I do now be strong - arm . sitting duck stuff ... no , I do not like it . if I could work homicide like a real detective ... Lynn listen sympathetically . Bud 's open up . bud there 's something wrong with the nite owl . that prick exley shot the wrong guy . but they make he a hero and whoever kill my partner be still out there . frustrate , Bud poke at he own chest . bud in here I know it . but I can not prove it . I be not a detective . I be not smart enough . I be just the guy they bring in to scare the other guy shitless . Bud look away , embarrassed to have show so much of himself . Lynn reach over , turn he face back to she . lynn you find patchett . you find I . you be smart enough . be a detective if that 's what you want . bud that simple , huh ? Lynn nod . that simple . int . hollywood station - exley's office - night exley look up as a clerk enter hold two file . clerk I get the rap sheet on the black guy , sir . coate and Jones get charge a mile long . but except for some kid stuff , fontaine 's clean . exley clean ? clerk more or less . exley until he gun down six people . ext . griffith park - day exley stand in the tree as a park ranger approach . park ranger I ask my man , Lieutenant . no one remember any color guy fire shotgun . exley then who phone in the report ? park ranger not we . int . forensics lab - day Ray pinker look up from he microscope as Bud enter . pinker Bud White , what bring you down to the basement ? bud I get a few nite owl question . pinker I do not know if you read the papers , but that case be close . bud I be tie up loose end . pad my report . you know how it go . pinker what do you want to know ? bud anything off . anything that do not make sense . pinker you mean beside the fact that thirty - five out of forty - five round be gratuitous ? I can not think of anything . pinker be tick as Bud step over to where a group of nite owl crime scene photo be post on the wall . Bud pause at a photo which show the floor around the table . we see a high heel shoe , blood smear across the floor . bud whose shoe ? pinker Susan leffert . bud ( point ) if she be sit here , then it 's face the wrong way . what be this smear in the blood ? pinker it look like she be flail , try to get away . bud but she 's move away from the door . ( think ; point ) who be sit at this table ? pinker Dick stensland . ( a beat ) have to be dumb panic . if she know he she would have be sit with he ... right ? Bud wonder , maybe a puzzle piece just fall into place . pinker remember something . pinker you know , there be one thing . pinker rummages a shelf for a glass jar which he hand Bud . Inside be two wax - saturate cotton ball . pinker cotton ball . I find they just inside the meat locker door . bud ear plug . pinker exactly . at least one of that animal have the brain to protect he ear . bud it do not exactly play like dumb panic . pinker what do you mean ? bud it 's like they know they be go to kill everyone before they go in ... pinker yeah , so ... Bud just stare at the picture of Susan leffert . ext . leffert ' house ( san bernardino ) - day a shingle shack dump . Bud walk the front step , ring the bell . hilda leffert answer . she do not look so good . bud Mrs. leffert , I be Officer White with the l.a.p.d. I would like to ask a couple of question . mrs . leffert let my daughter rest in peace . bud five minute . that 's all . int . leffert ' house - live room - day picture of Susan smile down from four wall . vamp pose on a nightclub floor . Mrs. leffert be all twitchy and nervous , she eye darting to a close door . bud tell I about the boyfriend she have . the one you mention at the morgue . mrs . leffert first I want to go on record as say that my susie be a virgin when she die . bud ma'am , I be sure she be . Mrs. leffert talk directly to a photo of she daughter . mrs . leffert susie , I tell you I do not approve of that boyfriend . he be too old for you . you let he come into this house and be fresh to I . I go out one day and old Mrs. Jensen next door see Susan 's boyfriend and another man and think she hear a ruckus . bud what be that boyfriend 's name ? mrs . leffert we be never properly introduce . Susan and I be fight that day . she call he by a nickname . mun or lunt or something . bud sten ? be it sten ? mrs . leffert maybe . I do not know . bud look at a picture for I . Bud hand she a snapshot of stensland take in Tijuana . out of uniform . she recognize he . mrs . leffert that 's he . that 's he . bud you say a neighbor hear a ruckus . be it outside , inside ? Mrs. leffert ' eye go crazy , darting to a close door . roll towel be cramme against the bottom of it . mrs . leffert I do not know . you will have to leave now , Officer . Bud start for the close door . bud what 's through here ? mrs . leffert no ! please leave ! Bud kick away the towel , open the door , step into ... den innocuous except for the smell . it hit Bud right off . mrs . leffert do not mind the smell . I think a rat die behind the wall ... my susie be a good girl ! bud easy . tell I about the ruckus . mrs . leffert I come home that night and there be blood on the floor . Susan say stam -- sten have cut himself . they be act nervous . and that sten keep go under the house . as Mrs. leffert go shrill , Bud beeline out the door . ext . leffert ' house ( san bernardino ) - day holding a flashlight , Bud crawl under the house , into ... crawlspace Bud elbow - crawl over the dirt , between wooden piling . there 's a long burlap sack ahead . it smell bad . Bud rip burlap . a rat 's nest explode . Bud sweep a forearm at they . as they clear , he see a gristle - cake human skull stare back , a .38 hole in the forehead . undaunted , Bud tear the burlap back further . he pat the corpse 's pocket , come up with a wallet . Bud check the id . " Turner meek . " Bus know he by that name and another . bud buzz meek ... Holy shit . ext . leffert ' house - day Bud crawl out , blink sunlight and gulp fresh air . Mrs. leffert be there . she 's scared . mrs . leffert be it ... a rat ? bud yeah . a great big one . Bud open meek ' wallet , pull out a couple hundred buck and give they to Mrs. leffert . bud here . compliment of the Los Angeles Police Department . int . forensics lab - day Ray pinker look up from a autopsy as exley enter . pinker hey , just in time for we stomach of the week . frankfurter with sauerkraut , french fries , coca -cola , alcohol and sperm . Jesus , what a last supper . the stiff be Matt reynold ! pinker continue work away . exley the nite owl . anything bother you about the case ? pinker yeah . the fact that you guy will not let it get file away . exley what be you talk about ? pinker Bud White grill I on it this morning . you know , he 's not as dumb as I think . as exley 's head swim ... ext . leffert ' house ( san bernardino ) - day Mrs. leffert water the grass , watch as a car pull up . exley get up , start toward she . she drop the hose and run for the front door exley cut she off . mrs . leffert let my susie rest in peace ! exley Mrs. leffert , I just want to ask a few question . mrs . leffert that other policeman already check under the house and find not a thing amiss . exley Officer White ? mrs . leffert a sweet man . exley ( think out loud ) under the house . mrs . leffert all he find be rodent . no sign of foul play . so there . exley spot the entrance to the crawlspace . he hurry over , enter nearly flat on he belly . Mrs. leffert call in after he . mrs . leffert my daughter be a virgin ! exley ( o.s. ) I do not doubt it -- oh , God . int . hollywood station - jack desk - day Jack sit unshaven and hung-over , the dregs of the scotch bottle on the desk . he consider a frame " badge of honor " photo : Jack and brett chase , before a banner " to protect and serve . " Jack punch a fist through it . int . lapd - forensics lab - day exley walk alonside as a body bag be wheeled into the lab atop a gurney . pinker step over . exley I need a i.d. asap . you talk only to I on this one . int . jack desk - day sitting in disgust , Jack spot something amidst all the clutter -- the great jerk - off book of 1962 . he flip one over , look at the fleur-de - lis stamp . Jack remember something Matt reynold tell he . he dial the phone . jack yeah . sergeant Jack vincenne request . I need the home address on a pierce patchett . operator ( v.o. ) please hold , sergeant ... as Jack wait , exley appear in front of he . exley I need to speak to you . jack give I a minute , will ya ? exley click off the phone . jack damnit ... what ? exley I want you to follow Bud White . jack even I be not that crazy . exley it 's not a request . I need to know what White know . follow he or I will have you pull off ' badge of honor . ' permanently . jack yesterday that might have mean something . pull I off . you would be do I a big favor . exley yesterday yes , today no . what happen last night ? jack transfer I , suspend I . just leave I alone . exley you make a mistake ? jack yeah . my whole life . Jack stand , head out . exley follow ; he need help . exley listen , I think I make a mistake , too . jack I be not a priest , Lieutenant . I can not hear you confession . exley do you make the three negroes for the nite owl killing ? jack what ? exley it 's a simple question . jack you should be the last person who want to dig any deeper into the nite owl , Lieutenant . exley watch as Jack continue down a hall . then : exley rollo tomasi . Jack stop , look back at he . jack be there more to that , or do I have to guess ? exley rollo be a purse snatcher . my father run into he off duty . he shot my father six time and get away clean . no one even know who he be . I make the name up to give he some personality . jack so what 's the point ? exley rollo 's the reason I become a cop . I want to catch the guy who think they could get away with it . it be suppose to be about truth and justice and rollo . but somewhere along the way I forget all that ... how about you , Jack ? why would you become a cop ? Jack look like he might cry , but smile instead . jack I do not remember ... both man be quiet a moment . jack I be try to figure what angle you be play this time , but I sure as hell can not see one . exley I have give up angle for awhile . I just want to solve this thing . jack the nite owl be solve , Lieutenant . exley I want to do it right . so do Jack . jack okay , college boy , I will help you . but I want half the collar . exley a third . I do not think we can make a case without Bud White . ext . brown derby - day a Packard pull up out front . Bud get out , head inside . another car pull up across the street . close on jack watch Bud . Jack get out , start across the street . int . brown derby - bar - day at the bar , johnny stompanato look over as Bud join he . stompanato be not happy about it , but he smile anyway . stompanato wendell White , how 's trick , paesano ? bud I be not you paesano , you wop cocksucker . nervous , johnny tap he pinkie ring on a bottle of beer . stompanato what do you want , officer ? bud you remember a ex-cop name buzz meek ? he work for a guy name patchett . johnny tap he ring harder . the bottle almost tip . stompanato should I ? bud his file list you as a know associate . now spill . stompanato oh , yeah . that be a long time ago . before you day . the last few year he 's be muscle for hire . but I hear he 's disappear . bud more . stompanato more 's gonna cost you . Bud 's hand flash out , grab stompanato by the crotch . bud how ' bout I give you you ball back ? stompanato ( in considerable pain ) before meek disappear he be pop off about try to move eighteen pound of heroin . bud bullshit . where would a two - bit ex - cop get 18 pound of heroin ? stompanato deuce Perkins . mickey C 's narcotic lieutenant . the night he get clipped , eighteen pound of mickey 's heroin go miss . Bud loosen he grip . stompanato gasp for air . door Jack peel in , catch a glimpse of Bud and stompanato . too far away too hear anything , Jack quickly duck out . bar stompanato 's recover . stompanato meek be probably in Rio or someplace like that by now . bud he 's under a tract house in San berdoo . and he do not smell too good . what happen to the heroin , johnny ? stompanato I do not know . I swear it ! Bud start to raise a hand . stompanato cringe , but Bud just slap a twenty down on the bar and go . int . brown derby - phone booth - day Jack 's on the phone to exley . jack he 's in the Brown derby with johnny stompanato . ( see Bud exit ) check that . I gotta go . ext . 1736 nottingham ( lynn bracken be ) - day Jack pull up , see Bud knock on the front door . it open and Bud step in . Jack do not see who open it . ext . bushes - 1736 nottingham ( lynn bracken be ) - day leave rustle . there 's movement in the underbrush . Jack appear , follow by exley . Jack pull a gun as they near a window . exley what 's that for ? jack Bud White . he see we and we be dead . they press up to the glass for a partial view . Bud White sit on a footstool massage a pair of woman 's foot . Jack and exley exchange a long , curious look . this be not the Bud White they be use to . a pair of woman 's hand take Bud , the arm cover in glitter and satin . the woman , Lynn bracken , lean forward to kiss she policeman . it may have be a long day , but she 's every inch Veronica Lake . only the hair 's not over she eye . they stand , kiss again . Lynn 's gown spill down around she ankle . Bud scoops Lynn into he arm and the two of they disappear into a bedroom . a long beat before ... jack Jesus ... maybe White 's not so dumb after all . exley rita hayworth at the morgue and now Veronica Lake with White . what the hell 's go on ? jack Movie star hooker . whatever you desire ... it 's fleur-fr -lis again . exley what 's fleur-de-lis ? jack High line whore . with plastic surgery to look like movie star . and who know what else ? it 's run by this guy pierce patchett . you want to talk to he ? exley yeah . but first I want to brace stompanato . int . brown derby - entrance - day exley and Jack enter . exley check the bar . I get the restaurant . restaurant exley scan . there 's stompanato with a girl who look amazingly like " lana turner . " engross , stomapanato do not look up till exley 's nearly on top of he . stompanato hey , you want a autograph , write to m-g -m. exley since when do two - bit hood and hooker give out autograph ? stompanato what ? as stompanato stand , exley flash he badge . exley l.a.p.d. sit down . " lana " who in the hell do you think you be ? exley take a walk , honey , before I haul you ass downtown . " lana " who in the hell do you think be ?! stompanato you be make a large mistake . as Jack arrive , lana toss a drink in exley 's face . " lana " get away from we table ! exley ( grab she wrist ) shut up . be cut to look like lana Turner do not mean you be lana Turner . Jack pull he aside . jack she be lana Turner . exley what ? jack she be lana Turner . int . exley's plymouth - sunset Rolling . the sky glow ahead . exley how be I suppose to know ? a moment before Jack begin to laugh . exley join he . ext . 1184 gretna GREEN ( pierce patchett be ) - night exley 's plymouth be park on the street . int . 1184 gretna GREEN ( patchett be ) - library - night in a silk robe , the unflappable pierce patchett smile at exley . Jack stand alongside . patchett I believe the nite owl 's you area of expertise , Mr. exley . I see you on television get you medal . ( turn to Jack ) and you be that other celebrity Hollywood policeman , be not you ? a beat . exley and Jack do not look like they appreciate be joke with . patchett finally sigh . patchett I will tell you what I tell Officer White when he ask I about Susan 's death . exley ( a look to Jack ) Bud White 's be here ? patchett for the last time . I may suborn woman into illicit activity , but they be handsomely compensate , I treat they well and make sure the man they deal with show they every due respect . exley be the Veronica Lake look - alike one of you whore ? patchett a vulgar term , but yes . exley what 's she name ? patchett Lynn bracken . exley why 's she see Bud White ? patchett why do man and woman usually see each other ? exley anything else you want to add before I talk to she ? patchett no . exley not good enough . patchett ( unfaze ) then try talk to my lawyer . good evening , gentleman . ext . 1184 gretna GREEN - night exley and Jack head for the car . jack guy as cool as they come . a call crackle in over exley 's radio . exley pick up . exley this be exley . dispatcher ( v.o. ) Ray pinker want to talk to you , Lieutenant . say he have you i.d . exley tell he sergeant vincenne be come in to talk to he . jack what be you go to do ? exley I be go to Lynn bracken 's . I will meet you at the dining car . jack great . you get the girl , I get the coroner . int . library ( 1184 gretna GREEN ) - night watch exley and vincenne from the window , patchett pick up the phone , dial . hudgeons ( v.o. ) ( over phone ) hush - hush . off the record and on the q.t . int . 1736 nottingham ( lynn be ) - live room - night knocking on the door . Lynn answer to reveal exley . exley miss bracken , I be Lieutenant exley . lynn I know who you be . you be the policeman Bud tell I about . exley really ? what do White say ? lynn he say you be smart . he also say you be compete with you dead father . how do he put it ? try to measure up to a ghost . exley let it pass . as he enter ... exley let 's concentrate on my smart . pierce patchett make you , do not he ? he teach you how to dress and talk and think and I be very impressed with the result . but I need some answer and if I do not get they , I be go to take you and patchett down . lynn he can take care of himself and I be not afraid of you . and you forget one thing , Lieutenant . pierce also teach I how to fuck ... can I get you a drink ? exley can not help but smile . Lynn smile back . exley scotch . exley watch she as she step over to fix the drink . lynn I be curious about you . exley why ? she hand he he drink . lynn because Bud hate you more than he love I . exley stew . Lynn watch he over the rim of she glass . lynn it gall you that I know so much about you . you do not have information to compete . exley do not underestimate I , miss bracken . lynn the way you have underestimate Bud White ? exley 's have it . a menace step forward . Lynn 's smile become a laugh . lose to himself , exley lean in and kiss she . Lynn pull back , then kiss back . in a beat , they be roll to the floor , shed clothes . as they trash the furniture , Lynn look over he shoulder at she own reflection in a closet door mirror . reverse angle - inside closet two - way glass . sid hudgeon be in here snapping picture . as Lynn and exley continue with they frantic lovemake ... int . forensic lab - night Ray pinker rub he tired eye . pinker God bless dental record . stiff use to be a cop . Turner meek . jack buzz meek ? pinker you know he ? jack of he . he be around when I first join the force . a bad egg . pinker could care less . as Jack 's wheel turn ... int . lapd - record room - night Jack search dusty filing cabinet with date like 1939 and 1940 . reading one head " meek , " Jack let out a low whistle . he 's find something . int . pacific dine car - night Jack wait at the bar , watch the door anxiously . jack come on , exley . where be you ? int . 1736 nottingham ( lynn be ) - live room - night spend , exley and Lynn sit , half - dress , on the floor . they be quiet . then , through a smile : exley how be I ? lynn oh , the best I ever have . absolutely the best . exley ( laugh ) you sound like you mean it . lynn the silver screen 's loss be you gain . exley how about White ? lynn you want to know what Bud 's like in bed ? she actually embarrass he with that one . exley I want to know why you see he . be it a patchett payoff ? lynn I see Bud because I want to . I see Bud because he can not hide the warmth he have inside he . exley I will take you word for it . lynn I see Bud because he make I feel like Lynn bracken and not some Veronica Lake look - alike who fuck for money . I see he because he do not know how to disguise who he be . there 's more if you want to hear it . exley shake he head . he 's hear enough . lynn do all that make it harder for you to hate he or easier ? exley I do not hate White . I really do not . it 's just , in my business , it 's the wild car you have to watch out for . lynn you do not like that you do not know how to play he . he do not follow the same rule of politics you do . that make he dangerous . exley you cut to the heart of thing , do not you ? what about Lynn bracken ? she go to be a hooker all she life ? lynn I come out here with a dream . that 's go , but I settle for reality . exley some reality . lynn no . this be the mean to the reality . but I be not go to tell you what it be . exley why not ? lynn because you will use it against I . wo not you ? exley do not answer , but the answer be yes . Lynn smile . lynn you be tougher than Bud think you be . exley ( smile ) you be the first person to ever call I tough . lynn like recognize like . I be pretty tough , myself . exley you , I and White , huh ? lynn actually , Bud 's only tough on the outside . as exley kiss she ... in closet exasperate that he 's still stick in here , sid hudgeon check he watch , shake he head in disgust . ext . 9608 vendome ( silverlake ) - night Jack knock at a darken house . the porch light come on . the door open to reveal Dudley Smith in he bathrobe . dudley John vincenne . it 's three a.m. , lad . jack two minute , Dudley . it 's important . dudley lucky for you that my wife and four fair daughter be at the beach in Santa Barbara . int . 9608 vendome - kitchen - night Jack sit at the table while Dudley make coffee . jack you remember buzz meek , Dudley ? dudley a disgrace as a policeman . straight D fitness report from every c.o. he ever serve under . what about he ? jack twelve year ago he work a vice roust with Dick stensland . they arrest a pierce patchett on a extortion scam . guy run hooker . he would have they photograph with they john , then double - dip for some blackmail . charge get drop . insufficient evidence . you be supervise officer on the case and I be wonder if you remember anything about it . dudley what 's this all about , lad ? jack part of it have to do with a murder . I have be work with Ed exley on it . dudley you be narco , lad , not homicide . and since when do you work with Edmund ? jack it 's a private investigation . I fuck something up and I want to make amend . dudley ( smile , then ... ) do not start try to do the right thing , John . you have not have enough practice . Dudley walk over , hand Jack he coffee . dudley have you discuss this with anyone else , John ? jack no . dudley not even with exley ? Jack shake he head . Dudley raise a revolver . he fire it at point-blank range , right into Jack 's heart . Jack hit the floor , he cheek press flat on the linoleum . Jack open he mouth to speak . his lip form the word , but no sound come out . Dudley crouch down beside he . jack have you a valediction , lad ? Dudley lean low , give Jack a ear . as he die ... jack rollo tomasi ... Dudley frown in ignorance at the name . int . lapd headquarters - briefing room - day nothing mobilize the police like lose one of they own . Dudley be at the podium along with exley . dozen of detective take note , include Bud White . dudley sergeant vincenne ' body be find in echo Park at ten o'clock this morning . kill by a single .38 round to the heart . one of we own , gentleman . we cannot tolerate it . justice must be swift and merciless . that 's all . as the man move odd , Dudley approach exley . dudley Edmund , a word with you . we receive a tip this morning . do vincenne ever mention the name rollo tomasi ? exley try to look like he 's think as Jack call from the grave . scream the name Dudley ! exley no ... where would the tip come from ? dudley anonymous . probably nothing . as Dudley move off , exley watch he go . scare . int . lapd headquarters - bud white's desk - day Bud look over as Dudley sit down across from he . dudley you be perplex to I this day , wendell . you be not you old , cruel self anymore . I need proof that the extracurricular work I have plan for you remain within you grasp . bud what work ? dudley I have long be involved in contain hard crime in such a way that myself and a few colleague might someday enjoy a profit dispensation . that day will soon be here and you will share handsomely . Grand mean will be in we hand , wendell . ( more ) dudley ( cont 'd ) imagine crime limited to the criminal element who perpetrate it . imagine the mean to keep the nigger filth sedate . but do not stop there . extrapolate . imagine the police in control . it 's big , lad . bud you lose I , Dudley . I do not know what you be talk about . dudley you have you extracurricular secret , I have mine . we will hold a clarification session soon . for now , I need you fearsome old habit at the Victory Motel . we be go to brace a man who may know who kill Jack vincenne . can I count on you ? bud sure , boss . sure you can . int . forensics lab - day pinker look up as exley enter . exley I want to know what you and Jack vincenne talk about last night . anything and everything . start with the i.d. on the corpse . a put-upon pinker sigh . pinker a ex-cop . buzz meek . I pull he police academy photo . pinker go to he desk for a twenty - year - old photo of meek . he hand it to exley , whose wheel be turn . exley we get a dead ex- cop and a girl who look like rita hayworth at the nite owl . another dead ex - cop under the house of rita 's mother . it 's not a good week for ex-cop . pinker I get vincenne in the next room . it 's not a good week for cop in general . ext . victory motel - day a rain STORM have turn the courtyard into a mud bath . as usual , a light burn in room six . Bud White park alongside the other car already here . he make a dash for the door . int . victory motel - room six - day sid hudgeon be cuffed to the hot seat . Dudley sit across from he . Dudley 's henchman breun loom . Bud enter . dudley this be Mr. hudgeon , wendell . hudgeons I be happy to cooperate . you do not need to tie I down . dudley it 's for you own safety . now what can you tell we about sergeant John vincenne ? hudgeons trashcan Jack . the Big V. I can tell you he 's on the night train to the big adios . breun cuff hudgeon in the side of the head . hudgeons take it easy ! I do not have anything to do with he get kill if that 's what you mean . dudley but you be business associate ? hudgeons what do that have to do -- breun cuff he again . hudgeons okay so we work together . it be a information exchange . I get he first class collar and he get I good storey . we be friend for chrissake ! dudley alright . we will drop that line for now . next topic . please comment on pierce patchett . Bud look over at mention of the name . hudgeons you think he have something to do with vincenne get iced ? Dudley sigh , look to Bud . dudley wendell . I want full and docile cooperation on all topic . hudgeon flinch as Bud step up , twice breun 's size . hudgeons okay . okay . everyone know patchett 's worth a boat-load of greenback . from aviation , freeway construction . but the man have hobby , too . he bankrolls B movie under the table and run movie star look - alike hooker . and try this on : he 's rumor to be a periodic heroin sniffer . all in all a powerful behind - the- scene strange -o . dudley and ? hudgeons and what ? Bud dig a fist into hudgeon ' gut . as hudgeon gasp to get he breath back . dudley reciprocity , Mr. hudgeon , be the key to all relationship . hudgeons he run call girl . primo tail . fix up like movie star . Bud loom , rest he hand on the back of hudgeon ' chair . he do not like where this be go . dudley and ? hudgeons in my car . blackmail shit . the trunk under the carpet . patchett get I to photograph a cop fuck this gorgeous cunt Lynn , look just like veronicaaa -- wooden slat pop as Bud tear the bolt chair right out of the floor . hudgeon and the chair land sideways . dudley wendell ! Bud can not hear he . he upright the chair one-hand . as he fist cock back , he 's restrain by breun and Dudley . this be no act . they can barely hold Bud back . hudgeons get he away from I ! Bud break free , head outside . ext . victory motel - hudgeons ' car - day Bud jam a tire iron into the trunk seam and pop it with a ferocious yank . he tear at the carpete . a manila envelope . Bud rip it open and 8x10 glossy of exley and Lynn spill out . raindrop dot they , as Bud 's in he Packard and tear out of there . int . victory motel - room 6 - day Dudley and breun watch from the door . dudley I would not trade place with Edmund exley right now for all the tea in China . breun laugh . so do hudgeon . hudgeons Dudley , I think you be gonna let the dumb bastard kill I . ( to breun ) and you ! learn to pull that punch a little better . Dudley and breun stare at he . a bit grimly . hudgeons you can uncuff I now , fella . but no one move to do so . hudgeons fellas ? ( nervous ) we have a deal . you , I and patchett , we be a team ! ( scared ) come on , we be friend . we be -- as hudgeon protest , Dudley slap a hand over he mouth . dudley hush-hush ... as breun and carlisle move in ... int . record room - lapd - day a wormish clerk search dusty filing cabinet with date like 1939 and 1940 . the same one Jack look through . exley step over from another row . exley anything ? clerk nothing . exley so on active duty , meek do not make a arrest from 1938 to ' 43 . clerk someone must have pull the record . exley ponder the implication . take out the photo of meek , he get a idea . exley where be the police academy file ? clerk I do not have time . I have -- exley just show I where they be ! ext . 1736 nottingham ( lynn bracken be ) - day Blue , Lynn sit on she porch watch the rain come down . a screeching on the wet street as Bud 's packard pull up . she watch as he get out and start for the house . Lynn stand , hold she arm out . Bud stop short on the step , out of reach , the rain soaking he . bud do you talk to exley ? lynn come in out of the rain . in the morning we will have both we storey for breakfast . lightn flash . Bud shake hs head . bud I want to know about exley . lynn he 's the opposite of you . he 's more like I . cold , calculate . bud how would you get to know so much about he ? more lightning . Lynn look god-awful sad . lynn come in out of the rain , Bud . bud you gonna tell I what happen with you and exley ? lynn we talk . bud so tell I about it . lynn ( look away ) in the morning . bud no. now. ( a beat ) you fuck he . too tired to lie anymore , Lynn finally just nod . lynn I think I be help you . I think -- Bud backhand she , hard . Lynn face straight into the next one as Bud hit she again . a third time as the sin of the father be visit on the son . Bud stop short as the self - realization slam home . Lynn wait stoically . she do not start cry till Bud turn and run back into the rain . int . record room - lapd - day drawer be open . file be everywhere . exley 's reach the end of the line . as he look through one last file , he find a stack of official photo . then he stop short . there 's a photo of four cadet and a academy instructor . two of the cadet be ide as Turner meek and Dick stensland . the instructor be Dudley Smith ! exley look up at the sound of footstep and Bud be there . fury . he slam exley , knock he flat . Bud 's here to kill he . he haul exley up , pummel he , then throw he over the table . then up into a wall . plaster crack . Bud 's on some gonzo animal plane . Bud strangle he . exley gag . it will be over in moment . until exley 's flail hand find Bud 's .38 . yanking it from he waistband , exley smashes Bud in the forehead . Bud reel . but , blind with rage , he move back in only to have the barrel of the .38 place right between he eye . exley why ? bud Lynn . exley she tell you ? Bud shake he head . he 's coiled , ready to make a move . exley who tell you ? do Dudley have anything to do with you find out ? Bud hesitates , the answer obvious . exley listen to I . Dudley kill Jack . it have something to do with buzz meek . exley point out the academy photo on the floor . exley look. Dudley and meek go way back . stensland , too . Bud see , but do he really ? as Bud reach for the photo , exley relax slightly . Bud slap the gun away , drop exley to the ground . he grab , begin slamm he head into the floor . exley think , goddamn you . think ... exley 's almost out . but maybe Bud hear he . the attack slow , stop as Bud do think . exley stay conscious . bud I know stensland and meek know each other . meek be with Sue leffert on Christmas Eve . the night I meet Lynn . leffert ' mother i.d.e stensland as leffert ' boyfriend , but sten pretend he do not know either one of they . exley stensland and meek . what be they up to ? bud johnny stompanato tell I when meek disappear , he be try to move the 18 pound of heroin that go miss when deuce Perkins be shot . exley stensland and buzz meek . two -man triggers knock off mickey Cohen lieutenant . when they kill deuce Perkins , they get heroin as a bonus . bud then something go wrong . meek get kill . maybe sten get greedy , kill meek and leave he under he girlfriend 's house . ( a beat ) the night he die , sten be all mysterious . Said he have something big go down . exley the nite owl ! stensland be go there to sell the heroin . bud somebody get wind of it , kill they all . exley it be not the negroes . the griffith Park report be a phony . and , who say the purple merc be spot outside the nite owl ? bud Dudley . exley the first guy to the car when Jack and I get there be bruen and carlisle . bud Dudley 's guy . exley they do not find the shotgun . they plant they . bud it all keep come back to Dudley . exley it 's Dudley for the nite owl . they just stare at each other a beat as it sink in . exley pierce patchett figure in , too . that 's the angle Jack be work . Dudley must work for patchett . bud let 's just kill they . exley what ? bud for Jack , for stensland , for anybody else who get in the way . I have be try to be smart . a detective . but kill that two fucker , that would be justice . exley stay smart , Bud . we build a case . we play by the rule . bud there be no rule ! why the fuck be you do this ? the nite owl make you . you want to tear all that down . exley with a wreck ball . you want to help I swing it ? Bud smile . for a second he like exley . exley let 's go see pierce patchett . run a good-cop-bad-cop . bud which one be you and which one be I ? ext . 1184 gretna GREEN ( pierce patchett be ) - day exley and Bud make they way up the walk . Bud pull he .38 from its shoulder holster , shove it in he waistband . exley you expect problem ? bud patchett use a lot of ex- cop muscle . front door exley ring the buzzer . look back , Bud see a pitching wedge and pile of golf ball abandon in the grass . a single ball float in the koi pond . Bud 's eye narrow at the sight . not like patchett at all . bud come on . and Bud shoulder the heavy door right off its hinge . int . 1184 gretna GREEN - hallway - day Bud draw he .38 as he stride in . exley try to keep up . exley ( a scream whisper ) what ? double door on the leave open into a library . Bud stop short , slowly lower he gun . exley step up beside he . library hanging from a ceiling light , patchett 's body slowly twist around , a topple chair beneath he . exley I do not think he ex - cop do he much good . Bud go to the body while exley head for a side table on which rest a type sheet of paper . Bud check patchett 's right hand , the knuckle be split , two of the finger badly distend . exley it 's a suicide note . say he kill Jack because Jack have figure out a pornography scam patchett be run . bud he have help get up there . two of he finger be break . exley we have one thing figure wrong . I do not think Dudley workd for patchett . bud at least not anymore . exley patchett 's dead . he send you after I . I would say Dudley 's tie up he loose end . bud ( it hit he ) Lynn . Bud dash to the phone , dial . it ring . no one answer . exley I get a guy who owe I in the sheriff 's department . West Hollywood station . he can be at she house in two minute . Bud shove the phone into he hand . bud call he . ext . 1736 nottingham ( lynn bracken be ) - day a county sheriff 's unmark park out front . a deputy behind the wheel . exley 's plymouth pull up behind . the deputy get out . move with he as he step back to exley , who 's roll down he window . exley be she inside ? deputy we take she to Hollywood Station for safekeep . someone work she over pretty good . she would not say who . exley look at Bud . Bud look down in shame . exley hold she as Joan Smith . no one see she unless I okay it . deputy you get it , exley . and now we be even . as the deputy move off . exley Ellis loew . bud what about he ? exley Jack think he be up to he neck in all this . int . district attorney' outer office - day a secretary look up as Bud and exley beeline loew 's door . secretary you can not go in there ! inner office loew look up as they burst in . secretary do you want I to call the police , Mr. loew ? exley ask for Captain Dudley Smith . we will have a party . hot dog and sauerkraut . a beat as loew consider he option . loew it 's okay . this be police . ( as she leave ) what do you want ? exley I want d.a. bureau man to tail Dudley Smith twenty - four hour a day ; I want you to get a judge to authorize a wire tap on he home phone ; I want authorization to check he bank record and I want it all in a hour . loew on what evidence ? exley none . call it a hunch . loew ( incredulous ) absolutely not . Dudley Smith be a highly decorate member of this city 's police department and I will not smear he name without -- exley without what , he smear yours first ? what 's he get on you , loew ? picture of you and a out of work actor with you pants down ? loew do you have any proof ? exley the proof have he throat slit . ( a beat ) so far you be not deny it . loew I be not go to dignify youwith answer . if you will excuse I , I have get a Jack vincenne press conference to prepare for . loew enter he bathroom . Bud look to exley who nod : go. office bathroom loew be at the mirror clipping a few stray nose hair . Bud enter full of menace follow by exley . loew unless you be here to wipe my ass , I think we be through . Bud just glare at he . loew shake he head . loew do not try this good cop / bad cop with I . I practically invent it . and so what if some homo actor be dead . boy , girl , ten of they step off the bus to L.A. every day . the mirror spiderwebs as Bud slam loew 's face into it . Bud swing he around , force he forward and shove he head in the toilet . he hold it there , finally let loew up for breath . then backhand : one , two , three . bud Dudley Smith . spill . loew call he off , exley ! exley I do not know how . more backhand . holding loew by the scruff of the neck , Bud march he past exley and back into the ... inner office Bud heave up the window , practically throw loew through it . loew catch hold of the window frame . Bud hammer he hand loose with a fist and push he through . outside Bud hold he leg . loew scream as coin , comb and wallet spill from he pocket , plummet toward the street below . inner office Bud shake loew , could drop he at any time . exley Bud ... bud if I let you go , there will be ten more lawyer to take you place tomorrow . they just will not come on the bus , that 's all . outside we hear loew 's pant leg tearing loose . loew okay ! you be right ! Dudley 's get photo of I and reynold . exley what 's Dudley 's scheme ? more tearing . loew 's life may depend on the answer . loew Dudley 's rotten to the core . he 's take over mickey Cohen 's racket , he own hand - pick cop will be the new franchise holder . because of that picture I will not be able to prosecute . oh Jesus pull I up ! inner office exley help pull loew back inside . Bud dump he on the floor . bruise and bloody , loew look up at exley . loew Dudley 's get everyone under he thumb . not just I , but the Chief of Police , the lieutenant governor , everybody ! exley pull he .38 , shove it into the side of loew 's neck . exley not everybody . you tip -off Dudley and Officer White visit you alone next time . loew look at Bud , nod , he face a bloody mess . ext . CITY office build - day exley and Bud exit . Bud 's wheel be turn . bud they never make a match on the shotgun serial number . what if breun and carlisle take they from the evidence room ? couple of cold piece that have be hang around a year or two . exley we should check the record , and , we should talk to Lynn . Bud just stare at he a beat . exley you want to talk to she ? Bud look away , shake he head " no . " finally ... bud you do it . I will check the file . int . sheriff' department - holding room - day Lynn look up as exley enter . she face be puffy , swollen . lynn ( dry ) if I know you be come I would have baked a cake . exley forget everything else for a second , Lynn . be there anything you can give I on Dudley Smith ? a blank look from she . exley a police captain . I think he 's behind all of this . lynn ( shake she head ) I work for patchett . I have a feel that there be someone else , but I never know who . exley okay . look , if it help , Bud hate himself for what he do . lynn ( a beat ) I know how he feel . a beat as exley wonder how he should interpret this . exley I do not know if it 's pathetic or romantic , but when this be all over I would like to see you again . Lynn look away , can not help a ironic smile even as she start to cry . as exley give she he handkerchief ... int . lapd - evidence room - night Bud wait at the cage window as a recorder return with some information . recorder I get you gun , bud. sign in April 3rd , 1950 . remember the first western bank robbery ? they be use in that . bud I want to see they . recorder no can do . I can not find they . as Bud think , a rookie - type approach . rookie - type uh -- sergeant White ? bud what ? rookie -type dispatch just get a call for you . Lieutenant exley want you to meet he at the Victory Motel . ext . victory motel - sunset Bud 's Packard crest the rise look down on the Victory . exley 's plymouth be in the courtyard . int . victory motel - room 6 - sunset exley in the hotseat . sitting there think . at a car door close , he go to the door . another angle exley open the door as Bud approach , tote a shotgun . the sun be down . the sky be just a dull glow . bud you want to meet here ? exley I ? you call it . I get a message that ... as the reality sink in , Bud and exley hear tire on the gravel ; car be coming . be in a concavity , they do not see they yet . then the car stop . but still Bud and exley can not see anything . they hear the click of car door open , but they do not hear they shut . there be footstep , murmure whisper . more car pull up . exley shit ... come on . exley start for he car , but Bud hold he back . bud too late . a beat . resigned , exley nod . they retreat back to room 6 , disappear inside . a beat . there 's movement in the shadow to the leave . to the right . int . victory motel - room 6 - night there 's a big back window . Bud cover most of it with a ratty old mattress . he pump the shotgun . he pull a .45 automatic from he waistband . bud here . he throw the auto to exley , pull out a .38 . Bud 's armed for bear . exley you figure this be a set-up ? and you show up anyway ? bud a lot of bad stuff happen here . it 's as good a place as any for it to end . Bud switch off the light . they wait in silence . then : exley you know , all I ever want be to measure up to my father . bud ( softly ) I spend year try not to live down to mine . ( more ) bud ( cont 'd ) ( think ) we should block off the bathroom . they could come through -- a creak outside the front door . Bud level the shotgun . boom ! the door be blown off its hinges . we see the figure of a man sprawl back in the dirt . in the darkness beyond , muzzle flash from all around . exley and Bud return FIRE . we hear the back window break under a muffled blow . Bud charge back , yank down the mattress revealing two man climb through . sitting duck : tear apart by three triple - aught round close in . a beat , then ... exley we get he ! Bud smile , in on the plan as there a answer whoop . a third man look through the window . boom ! Bud nail he . Bud motion exley to stay put , then slip out the window . ext . victory motel - night Bud crouch , look between the cinder block support the room . two set of foot shuffle along . Bud fire the shotgun . shriek as the man go down . Bud extend the .38 to fire point blank headshot . then ... Bud flatten himself as a wick crossfire tear up room 6 . int . victory motel - night exley be force down as well , lie flat as plaster rain down . the door frame splinter as more Dudley man charge in . four man with rifle . one be patchett 's burly bodyguard . they spot exley lie there . hushed whisper as they approach : " Dead meat . " " be careful . " kick in the side . the man look at each other , sneer . exley jerk a foot . the foot man stumble as exley spin around shoot . firing the .45 and he own .38 . all four man go down . exley stand , dig into he pocket to reload . Bud scramble back through the window . exley look over and smile as Bud reload the shotgun . it 's dead quiet . exley I be think we might walk away from this . at that instant , Dudley step through the bathroom door . he 's get exley dead to rights . as he squeeze the trigger , Bud leap forward , push exley hard to the ground . the shot pass through Bud 's back by he leave shoulder blade . it spin he around . a second shot to the stomach slow he to a walk as he charge Dudley . a third round shatter Bud 's jaw , but still he come . drive by rage , he hand reach for Dudley 's throat . he even get hold before a FOURTH slug tear he chest . Bud fall hard . Dudley swing he aim to exley who 's just manage to shake the cobweb of be flatten by Bud . a freeze moment . dudley I be loathe to kill my brother officer , Edmund . exley tell that to Jack vincenne . to stensland . dudley Jack be a shame , but Dick stensland have the audacity to try to sell I my own heroin . through he whore girl friend . I send he to make the buy . the rest be history . exley why ? dudley a vacuum , Edmund . that 's what we have in Los Angeles . send mickey Cohen up create it . my containment work maintain it . certain photograph guarantee it . organize crime have be hold back , but there 's still a demand for the service it provide . exley and now you will provide they . dudley absolutely . prostitution and gambling be victimless crime . the heroin we will run down to the colored . anesthetize they . as long as it 's not a middle class problem , no one will care . it 's still a crime free city ... for respectable people . Dudley aim the .38 , cock back the hammer . we hear distant police siren . dudley this be not politics , Edmund . there will not be winner and loser when it 's over ... Dudley do not see Bud stir , reach into a pocket . dudley just the live and the dead . it 's always be that way in the Bureau . you should have realize that before you become a detective . it 's over . Dudley 's finger tighten on the trigger . but Dudley scream as Bud bury a switchblade into he leave calf . it take all Bud have leave . as he collapse ... Dudley wail ; exley dive for Bud 's shotgun . Dudley fire , miss . a wild shotgun blast take out half the wall . Dudley stumble out the door . siren blare . ext . victory motel - night Dudley drop he gun as the cruiser stream down . exley step out behind he , but do not drop the shotgun . the two of they be bleach white by headlight . Dudley raise he badge over he head . dudley we be policeman ! ( wink ) let I do the talk . they will make you Chief of detective . exley step ahead to block he way . exley no . dudley why not , lad ? absolute justice ? exley something like that . dudley really ? would you be willing to rig crime scene evidence to support a prosecute attorney 's work hypothesis ? exley do not answer . Dudley smile . dudley would you be willing to beat confession out of suspect you know to be guilty ? exley glare . laugh , Dudley brushes by , limp toward the gather policeman . dudley be you willing to shoot harden criminal in the back to offset the chance they will -- the shotgun belches flame . Dudley go down , shot in the back . exley drop the gun , raise he hand over he head . dissolve to : L.A. montage " rag to riches " plays . ext . rose BOWL parade - day Riding in a convertible , wave to the crowd be the Grand marshal -- the new vice President , a young Richard Nixon . int . observation room - night a midnight assembly . the Chief , d.a. loew and several high rank brass . they attention rivete through the one - way glass into ... int . room # 1 - night bloody , exhaust , exley sit across from two internal affayr detective . internal affayr # 1 you have a lot of explain to do , Lieutenant . exley yes . I do . as exley begin ... television screen where we be inform that tonight 's episode of " badge of honor " be : " dedicate to the memory of technical advisor sergeant Jack vincenne . " ext . ventura freeway - cahuenga pass - day a ribbon be cut . eager motorist roll down the blacktop . ext . grauman' chinese theater - day Ronald Reagan applaud as Jane wyman plunge she hand into fresh sidewalk cement . int . observation room - night the brass exchange concerned look and ray eyebrow as they watch exley through the glass , he voice hear over the speaker . int . union station - day the flatnose Frisco loan shark and cauliflower Cleveland enforcer see earlier at the Victory Motel return to L.A. , ready to fill the vacuum . ext . newsstand - day hush - hush be deliver . the headline : " actor reynold in he final role : conductor of the night train to slice City . " int . room # 1 - night exley stare across at the Internal affair detective . exley that 's it . that 's the whole story . as exley look to the gray-tint wall mirror ... observation room loew lean over , whisper to the Chief . loew the press would have a field day with this . chief ( a beat ) when in doubt , feed they a hero . in this case , we will need more than one . CUT to : los angele examiner headline : r.i.p. dudley smith fable L.A. cop die defend City from organize crime ! int . lapd headquarters - briefing room - day exley in he dress blue uniform . the Chief smile , pin gold star to he shoulder . chief Captain Edmund exley . Chief of detective . Los Angeles Police Department . applause . flashbulb . Lynn watch from the back as exley run a handshake gauntlet . finally , he spot she . she 's return to she natural brunette . look even better . exley step over . exley ( ironic smile ) I try to throw it all away and they give it back in spade . ext . parking lot - day exley walk Lynn out . exley where will you go ? lynn bisbee , Arizona . the air 's good for pensioner and I know where everything be . exley when ? lynn right now , before I back down . exley where be he ? Lynn gesture ahead . they walk to she car . she open the back door . Bud 's in the back . brace on he leg , head suture . jaw wire shut and tube run in and out . but he hand still look strong . Bud force a smile through the wire , try to say something , but can not . exley thanks for the push . exley take he hand . Bud squeeze till both man wince . exley you just do what you do . no rank , no glory . exley slip he Medal of valor into Bud 's hand . exley from I to you . it will mean something if it 's yours . Bud take it , turn away so exley will not see the tear . lynn we should go now . as exley step back , Lynn close the door . party noise drift from upstairs . exley look to Lynn . exley do you think I ever could have be in the run ? lynn some man get the world . other get ex-hooker and a trip to Arizona . a beat . exley wish he would get the trip to Arizona . she kiss he on the cheek , get in the car . start it . exley look back at Bud . Bud press he hand to the glass . exley touch he side , palm half the man 's size . hand against hand . the car move . a turn into traffic , a good - bye toot on the horn . exley 's all alone . as he watch they go ... fade to black . the end