l'avventura ( the adventure ) script by Michelangelo Antonioni elio bartolini tonino Guerra translate by Louis brigante it be the afternoon of a summer 's day . Anna , a twenty - five - year - old brunette , come out from the entrance of a stately building and walk along a pathway that lead up to a dirt road . she be in a great hurry and become a little annoyed and surprised at see she father , a meticulously dress and elderly gentleman , stand near the curb busily talk to he chauffeur in front of a black british car . anna so , there you be ... I have be upstairs look all over for you ... there be a moment of silence during which Anna 's father deliberately ignore she presence . she stare at he intently , try to determine he mood and wonder how she be go to tell he what she have to say before she leave . finally , he turn around and face she . father oh , I think you be already on the high seas . Anna be barely able to control she temper , but realize that the discussion be about to take the usual sarcastic turn , she immediately check herself . anna no , not yet , dad . her father fix she with a long ironic look . conscious of he daughter 's haste , he be apparently try he best to detain she . father be not it fashionable any more to put on a sailor 's cap with the name of the yacht ? anna no , dad , it be not . there be another moment of silence . meanwhile , a car have pull up on the other side of the road . it be Claudia , a twenty - four-year - old blonde and a friend of Anna 's . both she and the driver get out of the car and remain discreetly in the background , wait for the conversation to end . Anna 's father resume speak , after a cursory nod to Claudia who , in turn , respond with a polite but half - heart smile . father and how long will you be away ? anna four or five day . father ( resignedly ) oh , very well . I will just spend the weekend alone by myself and take a little rest . I should be use to it by now . Anna glare at he furiously but still manage to restrain herself . anna use to what ? father to the fact of my retirement , not only as a diplomat but also as a father . anna ( protestingly and with a deep sense of compassion ) but how could you say such a thing ? father because it 's true . after thirty year -- not have ever speak the truth to anyone , I should at least allow myself to do so with my own daughter . anna and have you any other truth to tell I ? father you already know what they be . anna you mean sandro , do not you ? well , I beg of you , please , spare I that . Goodbye , dad . she kiss he on the cheek but the father remain unmove . it be obvious that he still have something else he want to say to she . in fact , after gaze upon he daughter with a certain amount of pity , he finally do say it . father that type will never marry you , my child . Anna have a difficult time restrain herself but manage somehow to keep calm as she answer . anna up until now , dad , I have be the one who have not want to marry he . father it 's the same thing . Goodbye , dear . he now return the kiss he daughter have give he a short while ago . then , without once turn around , he head slowly towards the entrance of the house , as Claudia come into the foreground . Anna , still very tense and upset over the scene with she father , get into the car . Claudia follow after she , as the driver put she suitcase into the trunk . claudia have you be wait long ? you will have to excuse I . Anna do not answer . she merely pat Claudia 's hand . the car take off , as Anna 's may , stand to one side of the road , wave a warm goodbye . Claudia respond by wave back , but Anna do not even look around . instead , she turn to the driver and say : anna please hurry , alvaro . we be late . the car speed ahead along the dusty road , across a verdant strip of land , until it reach the archway of a stone - wall fence around which it turn and disappear . it be see again emerge from behind a cement wall and continue racing swiftly onward over a road that run between two high wall . there be no sign of traffic . only silence . it be a ancient road , and a very elegant one . Claudia look at it admiringly . Anna continue to remain wrap up within herself . the car now make another turn , head into a small , narrow road flanke on each side by garden of patrician villas . suddenly , it emerge on a drab , modern street amid the kind of traffic typical of any modern town . finally the car enter the street where sandro life and pull up in front of a small but very fashionable palazzo . Anna and Claudia get out . and as the driver start to remove the suitcase from the trunk , Claudia turn to Anna and say : claudia I will wait for you here . Anna start to walk across the street and be about to enter a building . surprise , Claudia call out to she : claudia but where be you go ? anna I be thirsty . claudia if I have a man wait for I for half a hour and whom I have not see for a month ... all of a sudden , Anna stop . she be pensive , almost sullen . anna you know , I could just as well go without see he today . claudia what ! after give we such a run around ... Claudia stop , smile , and jokingly try to laugh it off . claudia I see ... so it 's farewell to the yacht ... and farewell to the cruise ... Anna pay no heed to Claudia 's teasing comment but follow she own original line of think . anna you know , it 's terrible to be far away from one another . really , it 's difficult to keep a affair go when one be here and the other be somewhere else . but , at the same time ... it 's comforting . because it give you a chance to consider what you want and how you want it ... but when he 's right there before you all the time ... well , he 's right there ... ( then , with a sense of exasperation ) oh , let 's go back .... Claudia notice sandro lean out of the window from he apartment on the first floor of the building . he be look at they attentively . he be a young man of thirty - five . his shirt be unbuttone and the tie around he neck be unknotted . realizing that he have be spot , he smile and wave a cheerful hello . sandro I will be right down . as if seize by a sudden powerful impulse , Anna head straight towards the of the building . Claudia look at she with astonishment , and watch she disappear into the doorway . then she look up again at the window . but sandro be no longer there . *** sandro 's apartment be extremely small . although it contain many book , it have the atmosphere of a place that be very seldom live in . sandro have just finish knotting he tie . he close he suitcase and head toward the door . he turn back , however , to pick up a towel fall from the bed . he take the towel into the bathroom . then he go to the door again , open it , and see Anna . she appear a little anxious . without give sandro a chance to say a word , she enter the apartment , close the door behind she . sandro put down he suitcase and be about to embrace she , but Anna step aside and begin stare at he with a intense look upon she face . take he all in with she eye , she examine he suit , he hand , he leg , he shoe . then she gaze move back up to he face which she proceed to scrutinize . sandro be unable to understand she behavior , so he shrug and jokingly exclaim : sandro would you like to see my profile ? he snap himself into profile , then turn , slowly , in the manner of a store window mannequin . Anna continue to stare at he . this time she peer directly into he eye . sandro be no longer amused . sandro well , what be it ? finally , Anna put a end to she stare , and take sandro by the hand she lead he around the room . she stop in front of a mirror and look at herself . the expression on she face become taut , determine . she start unbuttone she dress as she continue look at herself in the mirror . sandro come up close to she shoulder , caress she hair , and whisper softly into she ear . sandro but you friend be wait downstairs . anna she will wait . Anna turn around and press herself up against he with such a violent passion that sandro be somewhat dismay . but only for a instant . soon they be feverishly kissing each other , and it be almost with a sense of sheer animal pleasure that sandro abandon himself . *** meanwhile , leave alone , Claudia be pace back and forth outside in front of the building . she be bored and obviously tired of wait . then , as she be about to cross over to the other side of the street , she see sandro and Anna come out of the doorway . the expression on Anna 's face have not change -- she appear sad and gloomy . but Claudia do not take note of it ; she be too busy fume over Anna 's lack of consideration , eager to let they both understand that she be sick and tired of wait around . as sandro open the window of the car , which be point towards Milan , he say to Claudia : sandro I have a feel that you be not use to be alone . claudia ( glance first at sandro and then at Anna ) that seem to apply to you also ... meanwhile , the driver have take Anna 's suitcase out of the black car and put it into sandro 's . Claudia pick up she own suitcase and be about to do the same but sandro intervene and take it from she . sandro do not be so humble . claudia how should I be ... arrogant ? sandro but of course ... arrogant , haughty ... have not Anna ever tell you ? while this exchange be go on , Anna have already climb into sandro 's car . sandro follow and take he place at the wheel ; Claudia get in alongside he . the car take off at high speed . *** head south along a state highway , sandro 's car be travel at high speed over a straight open road . it be twilight and as the evening shadow begin to fall , the surround countryside be bath in a aura of mystery . Inside the car Anna , Claudia and sandro sit in complete silence . Anna be deeply absorb in she own thought . Claudia be look out of the window , enthralled by the dark beauty of the landscape . another car draw up alongside of sandro 's and be about to pass he . but sandro step on the accelerator and pull ahead with a tremendous burst of speed . the other car lag behind and then turn off at a crossroad . however , sandro make no attempt to slow down . in fact , spur on by what have now become a definitely hostile atmosphere , he drive even faster . as sandro suddenly switch on the headlight , the violent glare that polarize the roadside cut off Claudia 's view . she turn to sandro with a look of disappointment claudia it be lovelier before . to please she , sandro turn the headlight off and once again the countryside be cover by a veil of thick but romantic shadow . sandro like this ? now Claudia again peer out at the landscape -- but only for a instant . sandro abruptly turn the headlight on again , revealing a sharp curve in the road up ahead , only about a hundred yard away . he quickly shift into lower gear , and the car swerve slightly . the sudden shift from fourth to third gear cause the motor to emit a sound that resemble a cry . the car race swiftly towards the curve , get closer and closer . but at such high speed it appear impossible the car will be able to make the turn . further up ahead , where the curve fade , there be a stone wall that run along the side of the road . at this point , even Anna be attentive , she eye wide open . both she and Claudia be petrify and terror-stricken as the curve and the wall loom closer and closer . fifty yard , forty , ten . all of a sudden , the headlight illuminate a large gap in the wall about three or four yard away , just on the other side of a small ditch that separate the road from the wall itself . there seem to be no other choice . with a frightening leap -- and go well over fifty mile a hour -- the car barely make it over the ditch and right through the open in the wall . the car come to a sudden halt , but skid along on the muddy ground of a empty lot until it finally stop near the door of a small farmhouse in front of a old man . he be seat on a bench and have be observe the entire scene without budging a inch . there be a brief pause -- silence . then sandro come out of the car follow by Claudia and Anna . Claudia be visibly shake . she lean up against the building for support , as though in search of something solid and dependable . she be also unnerve by the feel that she be responsible for what have just happen . claudia it 's all my fault ! but instead of reproaching she , sandro turn to the old man and excuse himself for have break into he property . imperturbably , the old man look up at he and say : old man and who do you think make that hole over there ? even before he have a chance to be surprised at the old man 's remark , sandro become aware that Anna be laugh . it be not the hysterical laugh that normally might be expect after such a close call . it be , instead a pure and simple laugh , almost a happy one , and leave both sandro and Claudia plainly baffle . claudia there 's nothing much to laugh at . sandro and that 's what I say , too . we could have all be kill . Anna look at they as she continue to laugh . anna I be sorry ... but I can not help laugh ... *** on a calm sea , amid the aeolian isle , just off the coast of Sicily , a motor yacht be move quietly and smoothly over the water . it be head directly towards a small island that appear like a huge rock jutting up from the sea , sharply silhouett against the sky , about a hundred yard away . a few sea gull be lazily wheeling around up above . aboard the yacht , a sailor be at the helm , peacefully smoking he pipe , while another peer out over the water as he munch on a sandwich . it be almost noon . raimondo , a deeply bronze young man in he thirty , be lie outstretch in the sun on top of the cabin . towards the prow , lie flat on she stomach upon a small rubber mat , be Claudia . her arm be dangle over the side of the boat , catch the cool , fine spray of water splash gently against the prow . corrado come out of the cabin . he sit down on a bench near the stern after place a cushion under himself so as not to soil he suit , which be white and of a elegance that be slightly out of style . corrado have a sensitive face , with a look that be both sharp and intelligent . in age , he be closer to he fifty than he forty . follow directly behind he be giulia , one of that impossible woman who be so terribly sweet and coy and yet so demand of attention . the pose she strike as she look out over the water , and the saccharine tone of voice in which she speak , be precisely characteristic of she nature . giulia it 's as smooth and slick as oil . corrado I detest comparison make with oil . Anna also appear on deck , look around and , notice Claudia , go over and lie down beside she . Claudia roll over on she back to embrace all that wonderful sun but she outstretch arm come in contact with Anna , who smile and join she in a friendly embrace . claudia do you sleep well ? anna yes , fairly well . but I go to bed last night plan to do some think about a number of thing ... instead , I fall asleep . claudia I do not know one could sleep so well on a yacht . it lull you ... they conversation be suddenly interrupt by sandro 's voice shouting " hello . " he come up to they and give Anna a warm hug , then nod hello to Claudia . he be in a jaunty mood . stretch himself out on the deck , he open a picture magazine he have bring with he and start to read . but Anna place she hand over the page he be look at and say to he : anna it would be better for you to get some sun . sandro close the magazine and throw it overboard . the page come apart in the water . some of they be quickly sweep under by the wave , while other float and slowly drift away : white speck upon which a few sea gull converge emit they guttural cry . as sandro stretch himself out in the sun , Anna look upon he with tenderness . she be about to embrace he but stop midway , and then finally change she mind . instead , she proceed to stare at he with a profoundly troubled expression . then , momentarily dismiss she anxiety , she cuddle up close to he in a effort to provoke he affection . sandro respond , but only with a fleeting kiss . see they together like this , Claudia get up and move away to the far side of the prow . sandro and Anna remain as they be until they be suddenly envelop by a dark shadow . sandro open he eye and sit up . Anna do the same . the rocky island be now quite close , almost directly upon they . it be larger than it previously appear and cast a long , dark shadow over the yacht . the water beneath the overhange cliff be extremely clear and almost motionless . sandro rise to he foot and shout out to everybody aboard . sandro shall we go for a swim ? claudia oh , no ... please ... not here . it look too dangerous . the yacht proceed to encircle the island . up ahead , another island come into view . it be smaller , brighter , and less forebode . corrado get up and come over to the prow to join sandro , Anna and Claudia . he be immediately follow by giulia , who peer intently at the landscape . giulia at one time the aeolian isle be all volcanoe . corrado you must know you third grade geography book inside out . giulia look at he resentfully and abash . Claudia point to a island which they have just pass . claudia what be that one over there call ? corrado that must be basiluzzo . claudia sound like the name of a fish -- merluzzo , basiluzzo ... corrado then point to a even smaller island which they be now approach . corrado now that one be lisca bianca . Anna , who have be absorb all the while in contemplate the landscape , though still preoccupy with certain personal thought of she own , suddenly unfasten she thin dress . strip down to she bathing suit , she turn to the group and exclaim with a note of exasperation : anna oh , my goodness ... all that yapping just for a little swim . she then go to the edge of the boat , which have slowed down somewhat , and before sandro have a chance to call out to she , she dive into the water . sandro Anna ! once in the water , Anna start swim towards the island . the sailor at the helm slow the boat even more so as to keep it within Anna 's range . raimondo , meanwhile , have get he skin-dive equipment ready ; around he waist he be tightening a belt to which a long knife be attach . the yacht continue to slow down . sandro now dive into the water and start swim towards Anna . Claudia and giulia be remove they clothes and they too get ready to go into the water . but Claudia be afraid to dive in while the boat be still in motion , so she turn to the sailor and shout : claudia stop ... stop the boat ! the motor be turn off and the yacht soon come to a halt . a sailor place a ladder over the side of the boat . Claudia go down the ladder , ease herself into the water . she move away from the side of the yacht by swim backwards . giulia follow she down the ladder but stop on the last rung . giulia how 's the water ? sandro look up and , point to the rock at the high part of the island , answer she . sandro let 's see you dive from the top of that rock , giulia . that would be really sensational . come on , giulia ... you life be much too circumscribe . giulia what have everybody get against I this morning ? from inside the cabin , a feminine voice be hear shouting : patrizia raimondo ! solicitously , raimondo go over to the door of the cabin , from which Patrizia emerge wrap in a filmy nightgown . she be a woman of great elegance , somewhere in she thirty . patrizia why have we stop ? raimondo ( kissing she hand ) Lady Patrizia ! then , hold she by the hand , raimondo lead she towards the prow , where corrado greet she and likewise kiss she hand . corrado be not you go in for a swim , Patrizia ? patrizia what make you think I would even dream of such a thing ? raimondo , why do not you go in for a dip ? she turn around to look at raimondo and become somewhat startle to see he all rig out in he diving equipment , complete with mask , spear - gun , etc . patrizia raimondo ... do you enjoy fishing underwater ? raimondo I detest it . but , after all , what can you do ... it 's the latest ... and I try my best to adapt myself . he dive in . as soon as he hit the water , he start shiver and exclaim : raimondo who ever say that man be originally a creature of the sea ! then , lowering the mask over he face , he begin to submerge . on deck , Patrizia peer out over the sea and cover she eye to shade they from the sun , remark : patrizia I have never understand the island . with all that water around they , poor thing ... *** out on the water , sandro and Anna be almost at a standstill , keep themselves afloat with only the slight movement of they arm . sandro be laugh and joke as though all this purely physical enjoyment of sun and water have freed he of all other care . Anna try to emulate he but be not entirely successful . every now and then , she face become cloud with that same worried expression . anna when do you have to go back ? sandro I do not know ... it depend on ettore ... he 's now in the process of negotiate for a contract here in Sicily ... anna then how come you be not with he ? sandro what a question ... because I want to be with you , naturally . I hope he do not close the deal so he will leave I alone at least for a few day ... be not this water wonderful ! he be lie on he back in the water , with he eye close , he face to the sun , cradle in the gentle movement of the wave . Anna look at he , then after a moment of silence , she say : anna I would like to find a place where I can get some peace and rest , maybe around here somewhere . I would like to try ... sandro what could be more restful than this ?... ( he open he eye and be upright in the water ) Excuse I , what be it that you want to try ? instead of answer he , Anna start swim rapidly out to sea . sandro try to hold she back but because she swim much faster , he give up and find himself alongside of giulia . giulia ( refer to Anna ) where be she go ? sandro ask she . giulia be not much of a swimmer ; she bob up and down in the water , do a crawl , and it seem she be always on the verge of go under . still , she manage to stay afloat , enjoy herself like a little child . slightly off to one side , raimondo be explore the depth , with he spear - gun in hand , ready to shoot . he seem to be chase a fish that be apparently try to elude he . but the water be so clear that it would be difficult even for a fish to hide . in fact , only a moment later , raimondo take aim with he spear-gun , pull the trigger and the little harpoon shoot out . then , with a great splash , he swim off in hasty pursuit of the fish . a rubber raft , pilote by one of the crew and bear corrado ashore , come pass through the swim area . the sailor be carry on a conversation with corrado . sailor I have always work on pleasure boat ... even though it 's more tiring . corrado why ? sailor because the owner never seem to have any fix hour . for example , last night we keep right on sailing ... we do not even have a chance to get some sleep . still , I like it better . the raft pass alongside of sandro , and corrado call out to he : corrado I be go ashore to take a look around the island . there be some ruin up there ... sandro there too ... corrado well , we be still in Italy , you know ! the raft continue on its way towards shore . a little distance away , Claudia be float on she back , bask in the sun , with she eye close -- almost motionless . her arm be outstretch and only the very slight movement of she finger in the water be sufficient to keep she afloat . suddenly , she hand come in contact with something viscous ... which seem to be a fish that have shot up to the surface of the water . at first , Claudia merely withdraw she hand without bother to see what it be , but since it persist in follow she , she open she eye and notice something move right next to she . frightened , she let out a tiny yelp . at that very moment , directly behind the fish , raimondo 's rubber fin appear above the water , and she realize that it be raimondo himself . he remove he mask and break out into a hearty laugh as Claudia playfully splashes some water into he face . observe they from a few yard away be Anna . have return from she swim out in the open sea , she be about to join Claudia . but Claudia , involved now in chase after raimondo , do not notice she . meanwhile , raimondo , outdistance Claudia , find himself alongside of sandro . sandro what kind of a fish be that ? raimondo it 's a cernia . sandro my God , it 's enormous . Claudia , have give up try to catch raimondo , swim up alongside of giulia , who be busy observe corrado disembark on a little strip of beach that stand out distinctly white against the dark rock . Claudia be in a playful mood . she dive underwater , grab hold of giulia 's leg , come up , and then dive under once again . giulia , catch up in the spirit of all this playfulness , drop she concern with corrado and join in with the fun and merriment . suddenly there be a loud shriek , then Anna 's voice be hear scream : anna a shark !... a shark ! they all turn around to look at she . Anna be swim furiously towards the boat . then , immediately , the booming voice of the sailor aboard the yacht sound out : sailor do not move , lady ... stay where you be ... stop ! everybody keep still . but sandro ignore the warning and start swim out towards Anna like a demon . raimondo , who be about to climb aboard the yacht , grasp he spear - gun firmly in he hand , hurl himself back into the water , and also start to swim in Anna 's direction . Claudia be stricken with fear , and hold on tight to giulia . Anna have stop swim and be cautiously look around to see if anything come up out of the water . then , she look up and see sandro and raimondo approach , she shout : anna stay away ! they both stop . then , raimondo hurriedly don he mask and disappear under water while sandro again start swim out towards Anna . sandro come up alongside she . sandro Anna ... but Anna do not say a word . instead , they both swim silently back to the yacht , where Claudia and giulia be already climb aboard . Patrizia come out of the cabin to see what be happen . they all lean over the side of the boat , look down into the water , expect the shark at any moment to come into view . but the water remain unruffled , the seaweed below be clearly visible , wave like so many fan . even the rock at the bottom can be see with all sort of small - gill fish darting about . a mysterious , fascinating world and yet , because of what happen , one that arouse fear . everyone aboard be silent . until Anna and sandro , follow by raimondo , finally arrive and climb aboard . sandro immediately take Anna to she cabin , and the other follow , make various comment . claudia ( to Anna ) but how do you become aware of it ? do it touch you ? Anna do not answer but continue on ahead amid the overlap remark . giulia I would have die . patrizia ... and how ugly they be ... with all that tooth ... corrado ( shouting from the shore ) what happen ? giulia ( shouting from the prow ) there 's a shark in the area . do not move from where you be ! corrado who 's move ? *** Inside the cabin , which be partition into separate room , the general layout be neat and orderly , with a number of print decorate the wall . sandro and Anna , follow by Claudia , enter from the outside deck and cross over into Anna 's room . it be extremely small , with two cot on one side and a long curtain that partially conceal a bureau from which several dress be see hang . Anna be soaking wet in she bathing suit and she hair be all knotted into cluster that hang down over she face . without bother to dry herself , she crouch down on the cot and , assist by Claudia , wrap a blanket around she body . sandro and Claudia look at she with great concern . a member of the crew enter carry a tray on which there be a half - fill glass of liquor , which sandro take and offer to Anna . sandro here , drink some cognac . Anna positively refuse it , and the sailor leave as sandro set the glass down on a shelf . look up at both sandro and Claudia , Anna appear pleased with they solicitude . anna it 's nothing ... really . let 's go back ... it 's all over now . a pause and then a instant later , she begin shiver under the blanket . anna only , I would like to change . I be a little cold . leave Anna and Claudia alone on they own , sandro turn and go outside the cabin where the other be still congregate , busy chatter . among the remark exchange , one that be distinctly hear be Patrizia 's . patrizia but where do the shark go to ? as soon as sandro close the door to the cabin , Anna be suddenly and completely change . she get up from the cot , go over to the curtain and draw it aside , revealing a array of feminine attire . wonder which dress to choose , she finally select two and toss they on the cot . anna which one shall I wear ? claudia ( pick up one of the two dress ) this one be gorgeous . anna then why do not you try it on ? as Anna begin to dry herself with a large bath towel , Claudia slip on the dress and look at herself in the mirror with a coquettish expression on she face . anna it look better on you than it do on I ... you keep it . Anna be remove she bathing suit as she continue talk to Claudia with a tone and manner that reveal a sense of excitement mix with one of amusement . anna you know , that thing about the shark be all a joke . Claudia look at she as though dumbfounded , as though she have never know she before . she be obviously pique and angry , but more with herself than with Anna . claudia there 's the difference between you and I : you know how to put over certain thing , and I do not . sometimes I envy you . Anna be all dress and ready . she open the door and step outside , as Claudia follow behind . *** out on the deck , sandro , Patrizia , raimondo and giulia be look over the side of the boat , watch the sailor as he approach the yacht with a rubberize raft . giulia , with she usual air of affectation , look down at the water splash up against the raft and ask the sailor : giulia but be not you afraid ? sailor ma'am , shark never attack anybody . anyway , the raft be dark , and they would not be able to see it . patrizia so , it be true that they be blind ... Anna appear at the door of the cabin and sandro rush over to meet she , a little surprised to find she look so cheerful , as though the incident that have just take place be completely forget . sandro how be you ? anna Fine . can not you see so yourself ? Anna go over to the edge of the boat and stand at the head of the little stairway lead down to the water . anna I have a urge to put my foot on some land . be not you come ? as she start to go down the step , sandro quickly come over to she . sandro Anna ... maybe it would be better to wait a while . anna wait for what ? patrizia well , with a shark run loose around the place , I for one will not get aboard that raft ! they will have to catch it first . I want to see it right here before my foot , dead or alive . claudia better dead . but Anna have already step aboard the raft , and sandro follow she . giulia have she eye fix on the beach where corrado in he white suit be wait for they . her desire to join he be great than she fear of the shark , so she look down at the sailor and ask : giulia will the three of we fit ? sailor sure , sure . there 's plenty of room . Patrizia , instead , turn around and head back to the cabin . and raimondo follow she shortly after . giulia descend into the raft and , as it move away from the boat with a slight pitch , she let out a few hysterical shriek . Anna laugh and then shout out to Claudia : anna Claudia , be not you come ? claudia I be certainly not go to swim across . anna we will send the raft back to you . giulia and bring some cushion when you come , and a towel ... Claudia nod assent , and remain there look over the side and watch the water splash against the boat . suddenly , she look up at the sky and realize that the sun have disappear . actually , it be hide behind a cloud , and over on the horizon a group of other cloud have accumulate . the sailor leave aboard the yacht be now signal the other sailor on the raft who , have deposit sandro , Anna and giulia on the beach , be return to pick up Claudia . he sound the depth with he oar and then shout up : sailor okay . come ahead , come ahead . the sailor aboard the yacht go over to Claudia and say : sailor I be take the boat right up to the shore , and we will let you get off from the gangplank as soon as we get there . then he disappear inside and soon the yacht start move towards the shore . Claudia peer out over the landscape ; the island be sharply silhouett against the sea and sky , the volcano on stromboli smoke feebly , and in the distance a ship pass by . Claudia be plainly enchant by the view . then she collect she thought and slowly head towards the cabin . *** Patrizia , seat at a small table inside the cabin , be busy work on a complicated jigsaw puzzle , which , once complete , be suppose to represent a typically classical scene . one by one , she select the various piece of cardboard and insert they in they rightful place . simultaneously , she be munch on some cracker spread with jam , and a piece of cold fruit . beside she be raimondo . he be stare at Patrizia with such a intense expression that she become thoroughly annoyed and say to he , as she continue work at she puzzle : patrizia what do you want , raimondo ? do you want I ? a few year ago , maybe ... but now ... and , then , at this hour of the day ! come down the step that lead into the cabin , Claudia overhear the end of the conversation , and decide to withdraw . but Patrizia see she and call she back . patrizia come , Claudia , do come in ... there 's no romance go on here . Claudia enter . raimondo continue to stare at Patrizia , particularly at she leg . Patrizia become aware that raimondo be stare at she , and with a condescending gesture , she lift she skirt a little higher to make he see better . patrizia there , have you see enough now ? be you satisfied ? raimondo nod yes . Claudia be amused by they behavior but also a little surprised . Patrizia calmly resume she game and raimondo again begin to stare at she . this time , at she breast . and again Patrizia become conscious of the fact that he be stare at she . she assume a bored attitude and look up at the ceiling in a gesture of quiet forbearance . raimondo reach out with he hand and gently caress Patrizia 's breast . Claudia look on in amazement . raimondo withdraw he hand . patrizia ( regretfully ) now , tell the truth , be not you a bit disappointed ?... but I already tell you ... raimondo if woman 's breast be color , yours would be blue ... Patrizia laugh at raimondo 's remark and look at he sympathetically . then she turn to Claudia . patrizia tell I , Claudia , what do you think of raimondo ? claudia I would say he 's pretty deprave . patrizia oh no ; quite the contrary . he 's really just a child . raimondo Patrizia , do not start in again ... I would rather be call deprave . unless you happen to love child . patrizia you know , I do not love anybody . raimondo ( angrily ) I know , dammit , I know ! ( turn to Claudia ) and just think -- if there ever be a woman so right , so perfectly cut out for all kind of dissipation , degradation , infidelity ... of .. . of ... of debauchery , it 's she . well , anyway , she 's faithful . faithful out of laziness ... of unwillingness . raimondo have such a disgruntled look on he face that Patrizia laugh . patrizia he amuse I . I do not know of anything more amusing . outside of this jigsaw puzzle . do not you find it so , Claudia ? claudia one would have to be in love with somebody to know that . patrizia have you ever be in love ? claudia not really ... it 's suffocating in here ... shall we go out ? Claudia leave the cabin and go up to the deck . Patrizia return to she game , and raimondo continue to stare at she . *** along a narrow strip of beach on the island of lisca bianca , sandro , Anna , corrado and giulia be wait for Claudia to come ashore . there be some patch of vegetation grow here and there , but by and large the island be one huge rock with rugge cliff which descend perpendicularly to the water . jutting promontory give the place a sense of raw , primitive beauty . see Anna and sandro climb a short distance up along the rock to find a comfortable place where they can lie down and stretch themselves , corrado remark : corrado if any of you get into you bathing suit again , you can be sure we will not be see one another for the rest of the year . I just can not stand see anybody in the city after have see they naked on the beach . the yacht finally have arrive and the gangplank be laid out between the boat and the shore . Claudia descend and as she wade ashore she stop , bend over to dip she hand in the water , and with a tone of voice resembling that of a mother speak to its newborn child , she pretend she be speak with someone or something in the water . claudia oh , how sweet ... what a dear little darling ! they all turn around to look at she , wonder to whom or what she be refer . giulia who be you talk to ? claudia to the shark . they all break out into a laugh , and Claudia continue she comic bit as she playfully pretend to lose she balance on the slippery pebble along the shore . corrado look at she somewhat surprised , as though up until now he have never see she comport herself with such a lively sense of humor and wit . corrado say , Claudia , would not you like to climb up with I and take a look over there ? claudia at what ? corrado at the ruin . they be very ancient , you know . out of the entire group , Claudia be perhaps the only one who really have the desire to explore , to see , and to generally take advantage of whatever the cruise have to offer . claudia that sound like a good idea . but why do not we all go together ? though Claudia 's suggestion be hear by all , none of they make a move . relaxing so comfortably in the sun as they be , it seem the last thing they would want to do be to climb up the rocky slope . so Claudia start to go up on she own , follow corrado who be already under way . but giulia immediately come up to he and , squeezing he arm to emphasize she plea , whisper to he : giulia please , I beg of you , stay here . giulia 's plea be express with such a pitiful sense of humility that Claudia be immediately take aback , although she do not fully understand its motive . corrado ( notice Claudia 's hesitancy ) well ? claudia well , what ? corrado have you decide ? claudia all I say be that it sound like a good idea . disappointed and rather irritate , corrado turn back , while Claudia look around for a place on the rock where she can comfortably set herself down . giulia , in turn , approach corrado . giulia why do not you ask I to go with you ? corrado do you know why ? because if you see that ruin I be sure you would have say they be very , very beautiful . you always say " how beautiful " to everything -- whether it 's the sea , or a baby , or a cat ! you have such a sensitive little heart that it throbs for anything . corrado ( ironically ) but corrado ... if something be beautiful why should not one say so ? giulia ( refer to corrado ) he never miss a chance to humiliate I , to let I know that he do not care about I any more . corrado giulia , that remark be not worthy of we twelve year of honest concubinage . I repeat , once and for all , and publicly , that I admire you . do that please you ? claudia ( under she breath to Anna and sandro ) twelve year ... but why have not they marry ? sandro ( with a faint smile ) and why have not they leave each other ? claudia I be beginning to have my doubt . it could not be that they be in love ? sandro could be . they be the kind of people who be capable of anything . sandro suddenly grab Anna around the waist and pull she to he . his action be so unexpected that even Anna be astonished . but giulia 's voice be hear again . giulia ( to corrado ) the trouble with you be that nobody can speak to you , that 's all . sandro ( placatingly ) giulia , do not you understand that the more involved you become with people , the more difficult it be to speak with they ? giulia you man be all so dreadful ! sandro I know we be . but as the year go by , we become even worse . be not that so , corrado ? corrado I hope so . break the nervous tension that have spread itself throughout the group , a seaman appear with a small basket of freeze peach bring from the yacht . Claudia run to the basket , pick up a peach and quickly bite into it . claudia how wonderful ! corrado that 's Patrizia 's way of let we know she 's with we . Claudia take another peach from the basket and give it to corrado . claudia I think you be very sweet , corrado . corrado more so than the shark ? claudia there 's no comparison . corrado then why do not we go up and see the ruin ? *** Anna and sandro have leave the group and be ensconce further up among the rock , on a grassy slope overlook the beach . anna sandro ... a month be too long a time . I have become use to be without you . sandro you will get over it soon . it 's the usual anxiety . anna a little more so this time . sandro so , it will just take you a little longer to get over it . anna ( angrily ) but I think we should talk about it . or be you fully convinced that we too will not understand each other ? sandro there will be plenty of time to talk about it later . we will get marry soon . that way we will have more time ... anna in this case , get marry mean nothing . be not we already the same as be marry ? and corrado and giulia -- be not they already the same as be marry ? sandro but why rattle you brain by argue and talk ... believe I , Anna , word never help at all . they only serve to confuse . I love you , Anna . be not I that enough ? anna no . it 's not enough ... I tell you before that I would like to get away for a while and be alone . sandro but you just say that a month be too ... anna ( interrupt ) I mean , to stay away longer -- two month ... a year ... three year ... yes , I know , it sound absurd . and I feel awful . the very idea of lose you make I want to die ... and yet ... I ... I just do not have the same feel for you any more . sandro and what about yesterday ... at my house ... do not you have any feel for I , even then ? anna ( angrily ) there you go ... must you always spoil everything ! she turn and walk away in a rage . sandro breathes a deep sigh , as though the scene have exhaust he , then stretch himself on the ground , he face turn skyward , he eye shut tight . *** the sky over the island of lisca bianca be completely fill with cloud . it be early afternoon , the atmosphere have darken , and occasional sound of thunder be hear in the distance . sandro be asleep with he arm fold under he head . further below , Claudia , corrado and giulia be also take a nap . gradually , however , with the sound of thunder , they become arouse . giulia look like the weather be change . corrado please , giulia ; must you always emphasize the obvious ? I can see for myself that the weather be change . corrado rise and look around lazily , listen to what appear to be the sound of a motor boat and which seem to be come from the other side of the island . Claudia , spot a sailor approach , also rise . sailor we will have to get go . Claudia turn around , look up , and see sandro asleep by himself . claudia and where 's Anna ? ( then , turn to the sailor ) be not she on the yacht ? sailor I do not know ... you see ... we be take a little nap ... *** out on the yacht , Patrizia be complete she puzzle . only a few piece be miss but the area to be fill in be a very difficult one . raimondo , who have grow impatient over Patrizia 's long and tedious concentration , exclaim : raimondo you have make some mistake there with the bush ... that 's why you can not finish it . patrizia take it easy , raimondo . why be you get so impatient ? Claudia 's voice be hear , call out from the shore . claudia Patrizia ! ... Patrizia raise she eye and give a quick , casual glance at the porthole . raimondo immediately take the hint that she would like he to get up and see what Claudia want . so he go out to the deck where he see Claudia call from the shore . claudia be Anna there ? raimondo I do not think so . he go over to the cabin , and look through the porthole , call out Anna 's name . but there be no answer , so he return to the side of the boat and shout back . raimondo she 's not here . *** meanwhile , on the beach , sandro be also look for Anna , disturb and amaze that she be not in sight . sandro ( angrily , to himself ) this be the kind of behavior that drive I crazy ! down at the shore , giulia be get ready to step on the gangplank and go aboard the yacht but , anxious about Anna 's whereabouts , she change she mind and turn back . Claudia , also deeply concerned , decide to remain and look around for herself . she turn and start climb up towards the rock in a opposite direction than that take by sandro , who have now reach the top . the search be fruitless ; there seem to be no trace of Anna . but sandro continue to explore the area , stop every now and then to call out Anna 's name . then , look down over the slope , he notice Claudia , giulia and corrado come towards he . sandro do you find she ? none of they answer but it be clear from the worried expression on they face that they too have find no trace of Anna . still they continue the search , each go off in different direction . Claudia , walk over land cover with large white rock and clump of dry brush , spot something move behind one of the bush . anxiously , she start to walk up closer . suddenly the branch begin to move and a stray lamb emerge . surprise , but also somewhat relaxed , she turn around and call out to corrado , who be follow she only a short distance away . claudia it 's a lamb ! corrado look at she without answer , then stop and notice further up ahead a jumble pile of rock which he feel might very well be the ruin he have previously intend to explore . he be about to head towards they but suddenly realize that giulia be follow directly behind he . he quickly change he direction in a effort to avoid she . sandro come upon a small stone hut that lean up against a high section of rock . as he start to approach it , another stray lamb appear , as if from nowhere , and run off , frighten by sandro 's approach . he try to open the door to the hut but find it lock . as he look around the area , uncertain as to he next move , he see Claudia and corrado come towards he . claudia find anything ? sandro no . corrado perhaps she 's take a swim somewhere ... though no less concerned over Anna 's disappearance than any of the other , corrado attempt to lighten the tension by feign a calm and sensible attitude . take note of the stone hut before he , he observe it carefully and remark : corrado it 's really a fact -- there 's nothing new under the sun . now , look here . look at this structure ... a kind of natural shelter . sandro , that 's how you should design you house . sandro I ?... I no longer have any interest in building ... and , then , where can you find boulder of rock like this in Milan ? Claudia come up close to the hut and try to peer through the tiny window but inside it be so dark that nothing can be see . suddenly , she find a small piece of bread on the ledge of the window . she pick it up and start examine it . then , realize the bread be still fairly fresh , exclaim : claudia somebody must live here ! corrado ( after examine the bread himself ) but Anna would not be stay with the kind of people who live here . the discussion be suddenly interrupt by the arrival of one of the sailor who have come up from the shore . sailor we have better get start . the storm may break any minute now . claudia ( angrily ) what do you mean ! what about Anna ? sandro ( to the seaman ) tell Lady Patrizia that we can not leave now . in fact , we will have to make a tour around the island ... sailor would not it be better if you tell that to the Lady yourself . I can not assume the responsibility for keep the boat here . there 's no place to tie it up ... and then , you know , it 's get a flat bottom , and if the sea get a little too rough ... sandro ( angrily ) that do not make any difference ! if we have to stay , we will stay ! *** aboard the yacht , which be circle the island , sandro , Patrizia , raimondo and one of the sailor be peer out over the side , scrutinize the bank and rocky slope in hope of find some trace of Anna . the jag cliff appear enormously tall and ominous , harbor tiny grottoe in which someone could easily hide . patrizia perhaps she be not feel well ... maybe a cramp or something ... sandro Anna be a excellent swimmer . even with a cramp , she would have manage to reach shore somehow . patrizia but you have to consider all possibility , sandro . incense by she remark , which he consider to be absurd , sandro move away from Patrizia and go towards the stern of the boat where he notice corrado signal to they from a remote section of the beach . corrado ( call out ) there be some footprint around here ... but he stop in the middle of the statement , and throw up he arm to indicate that the discovery be really of little significance . so he proceed to climb back up along the pathway from which he descend , and the yacht continue on its way . sandro ( call from the stern , excitedly ) Patrizia ! both Patrizia and raimondo come rush over to the stern and look towards where sandro be point at something dark and obscure afloat on the water up ahead . raimondo ( to the sailor ) mario ... steer the boat that way . the yacht head in the direction of the black object in the water , but as they come up close , they realize it be nothing more than some wooden piece of furniture . the turn have take the boat slightly away from lisca bianca and they now find themselves closer to the little island of basiluzzo . sailor shall I turn back ? sandro no . now that we be here , let 's have a look around basiluzzo . ( then turn to Patrizia ) when we be swim , she swim out in that direction . sailor it will not be easy to find a place to go ashore . *** the first shadow of evening begin to fall over the island of lisca bianca . the sky be now even gloomier , streak with flash of lightning . rumbling sound of thunder be hear in the distance . the entire group be once again reunite on the beach , and the impending storm have heighten they fear and anxiety . they be cold , restless , and exhaust , but profoundly move and shake by the reality of Anna 's strange disappearance . sandro let 's try to be practical about this . the best thing to do be for all of you to go to the close island that have a police station , or something , and report the disappearance . I will remain here ... because ... well , I do not know , but it seem to I that something may turn up . anyway , I just do not feel like leave . corrado then let 's get start ... it 's senseless to waste any more time . patrizia ( to the sailor ) how long will it take to go there and come back ? sailor if there 's a police station at panarea , it should take we a couple of hour . but if we have to go to lipari , it will take much longer . then it also depend on how rough the sea be . giulia be about to get on she way but she stop and turn around to look for corrado , who notice she look at he . corrado I will stay here also . giulia ( alarmed ) but why ?... what if it start to rain ? corrado if it rain , I will buy myself a umbrella . Claudia , who have remain to one side , wrap up in she own thought , do not make a move to leave . sandro and corrado look at she in surprise . corrado ( to Claudia , understandingly ) Claudia , I know how you feel , but there be already two of we stay ... sandro I will go even further and say that she presence here -- I do not want to sound offensive -- could be a great hindrance . ignoring sandro 's remark , Claudia turn and determinedly head towards the interior of the island . meanwhile , Patrizia and giulia have go aboard the yacht . giulia ( call to corrado from the boat ) do you want some blanket ? ... and something to eat ? corrado make a irritate gesture signify no , then together with sandro start climb up the rocky slope towards the stone hut . as they meet up with Claudia midway , the first drop of rain start to fall and it be clear that the storm be on the verge of break . the three of they reach the door of the hut and corrado try to pull it open , but the lock resist . then sandro come to he aid , and place they shoulder up against the wooden door , they finally manage to force it open . *** Inside the hut it be pitch black . sandro strike a match and find a kerosene lamp on a nearby table . he light it and the room be suddenly illuminate , revealing a miserable interior with a few break chair , several empty box , a shovel and a few other utensil . over to one side be a small pile of straw suggest a makeshift bed . claudia as far as I be concerned , I think she 's alive ... why , even this morning ... that business about the shark ... it be not at all true . sandro and why do you tell we this only now ? claudia I ... I do not know ... I do not think it be worthwhile ... she be laugh over it ... corrado really ! still , it remain to be see why she invent a shark . what be she purpose in that ? claudia ( indicate sandro ) maybe you would better ask he . corrado ( to sandro ) what be you and Anna argue about ?... Excuse I for be so indiscreet , but this be serious ... sandro nothing but the usual argument ... the only thing be -- if I remember correctly -- that she say she have a need to be alone . claudia and how do you explain that ? ignoring the question , sandro begin pace back and forth across the room . the silence be break only by the sound of the rain outside which be now come down harder and harder . suddenly , footstep be hear approach the hut . sandro , Claudia and corrado quickly turn around and face the door , they face clearly revealing the expectation that it might be Anna . finally the door begin to open and a old man appear , carry a sack in he hand . sandro be you the owner of this place ? old man no . the owner be in Australia . sandro but where do you come from ? old man from panarea . why ? corrado ah , then it be you ... I hear a boat leave here at two o'clock today ... old man ( scratch he head ) it must have be around four or five ... corrado in the afternoon ? old man no ... in the morning . why ? what 's happen ? sandro nothing ... nothing at all ! claudia but why do not you tell he ? ( then turn to the old man ) a girl who be with we have disappear . old man what do you mean ... disappear ? be she drown ? claudia no , she do not drow ... she just disappear , and nobody know where . sandro and I suppose it 's my fault ... why do not you tell he that too . that 's what you believe , be not it ? claudia Rather than be so occupy with my thought , you would have be better off try to understand what Anna be think . old man have you searched in back of the house to see if she might have fall off that cliff ? last month that 's what happen to one of my sheep ... I look all over for it all day long and it be not until late at night that I hear it bleat ... it have be there the whole day ... and be almost dead . Claudia suddenly jump up and run out of the hut and into the dark , call out desperately . claudia Anna ! . . . Anna ! but she cry be lose in the sound of the storm . drenched by the rain , she shoe full of mud , she dress soak , she stop , as corrado , who have follow after she , grab hold of she arm and lead she back to the hut . corrado come , Claudia ... come back inside . *** it be early morning inside the hut , and the flame of the kerosene lamp have dwindle down to a tiny , flicker light . Claudia awaken with a bewilder look upon she face , wonder where she be and how she come to be there . she notice corrado doze on a empty box in a corner of the room , then realize that sandro and the old man be no longer there , she get up and go out the door . outside , everything be cover by a thick haze , which be gradually beginning to lift . sandro , who be stand a short distance away from the hut , hear Claudia approach and turn around to greet she . sandro be you feel better ? claudia ( nodd yes ) I be sorry about last night . please forgive I . sandro you be very fond of Anna , be not you ? claudia yes , very much so . sandro have she ever speak to you about I ? claudia occasionally , but always with affection . sandro and yet , she seem to feel that we love for she -- mine , yours , even she father 's , in a certain sense -- be not enough for she , or do not mean much to she . claudia I know . I keep ask myself what I could have do to prevent all this from happen . there be a pause , then suddenly they both hear the sound of a motor grow louder and louder . they look out over the shore but the haze be so heavy that it be impossible for they to determine the source . then , see the old man come up the path , sandro impulsively run towards he and seize he by the collar . sandro whose boat be that ? old man ( astonished ) what boat ? sandro just a moment ago ... do not you hear the sound of a motor ? old man at this time of the year there be so many boat ... sandro and how come you be up so early ? old man early ? be four in the morning early for you ? sandro be visibly deflate by the old man 's casualness , and he decide to abandon he question . he turn away from he and look up to see Claudia walk slowly towards the top of the cliff , directly behind the hut where the night before the old man have say Anna might have fall . she look down over the side and quickly withdraw , almost in fear of be suck down into the swirl water below . she turn away and start walk towards the interior part of the island . in the rocky hollow around she , she notice small accumulation of yesterday 's rain and , scoop up some of the water from one of this rock , she rinse she face . as she get up again , sandro be there , stand directly before she . Claudia be almost startle . they continue to gaze at one another in silence . then Claudia abruptly turn away and head towards a higher point of land . a moment later , sandro join she again and once more they find themselves stare into each other 's eye , almost embarrassed by they own behavior , yet unable to control it . the wail siren of a police boat resound through the air like a shrill lament . only then do sandro and Claudia detach themselves from they trance - like state , from the sudden compulsion of be draw towards each other . through the haze , they notice a landing take place down at the shore . realizing it be they friend return with the police , they both start descend the slope to greet they . stepping ashore be Patrizia , giulia and raimondo , follow by a marshal of the carabinieri and two police agent . as sandro and Claudia come rush down over the rock , Claudia suddenly stop and lag behind so as not to arrive on the beach simultaneously with sandro . meanwhile , corrado have already go down to the shore and as he go out to meet they , Patrizia , giulia and raimondo anxiously look to he as though expect some good news . but corrado remain silent , then throw out he arm in a gesture of despair . giulia how do you spend the night ?... in that hut ?... and what do you have to eat ? corrado what do you think ? giulia we , too , you know . it be disastrous . first at panarea , where there be not any boat ... then at lipari , where everybody be asleep ... and the phone call to Rome ... patrizia we have to notify she father . corrado yes , that be a very good idea . patrizia he will be here sometime today . ( then turn to sandro who have just arrive on the scene ) I also phone my house in Milan ... but ettore have already leave . marshal ( to sandro ) anything new develop ? sandro unfortunately , no . marshal very well . first of all , I will have they search the water around the island . I bring two frogmen with I ... meanwhile , we will take a look up around here . sandro look , marshal , with that deep crevass , you will need some rope and ladder ... marshal do not worry , we have get everything . sandro another thing ; there 's a old man who life here on the island ... marshal ( interrupt ) I know , I know . one thing at a time . the marshal start climb up towards the interior of the island , with sandro follow behind . as Claudia see they come in she direction , she move away to a lower section of the island to avoid come in contact with sandro . peer over a precipice , she see the frogmen below , and watch they slide into the clear water like two enormous fish . sandro and the marshal have arrive on the edge of the same precipice , where two man be lowering a rope ladder into the depth . move up further to watch the operation , sandro become aware of Claudia stand alone just a short distance away . he head towards she but she try to avoid look at he . sandro , however , be unable to take he eye from she and continue walk in she direction . but see Patrizia and raimondo approach , he suddenly stop . a small stone , accidentally loosen from the ground , roll along the path and come to a halt directly in front of Claudia , almost like a message . she pick it up , look at it , then throw it away . sandro move away and head back to the edge of the precipice . Patrizia and raimondo join Claudia . raimondo , who be carry a box of cracker in he hand , offer they to both Claudia and Patrizia . patrizia no , who want cracker ... why do not you go and have some coffee make instead ? meanwhile , sandro have arrive at the edge of the precipice where he find giulia and corrado . they be look down at one of the carabinieri who be dangle from a long rope over the side of the rock , explore the crevass where a body might have fall from the precipice above . the marshal lean over to see if anything have be discover . carabiniere ( call up to the marshal ) nothing here ! the marshal turn around in disgust and look at corrado who be frankly sick and tired of the whole operation . corrado do not look at I like that , marshal ... I have nothing to do with it . patrizia ( refer to the frogmen below ) let 's hope they do not find she ... if they do , they would find she dead . all of a sudden , Claudia break out into tear . Patrizia do not say a word . she just let Claudia cry , know it will do she good . sandro come over and as soon as Claudia see he there , she stop cry , and avoid look up at he . sandro listen , Patrizia ... the marshal say there 's a current that pass by here and end up at another island ... I do not know which ... he want to send one of he man over to have a look ... one never know ... do you mind if I ask raimondo to go with he ? patrizia I do not see why I should mind . claudia ( to sandro ) I think that you might go and have a look yourself . sandro yes , maybe that be better . he turn and start head down towards the beach . patrizia ( to Claudia ) what amaze I , be sandro . he seem so calm . claudia ( rise ) calm ?... he do not seem so to I ... he be awake all night . one of the frogmen emerge with a ancient vase in he hand , evidently find in the depth below . raimondo , who have just arrive with a thermos of hot coffee , put it down and go over to the frogman to fetch the vase . raimondo ( to the frogman ) what be it ? frogman a ancient vase . there 's a bury city under here . it 's full of this stuff . raimondo take the vase and show it to Patrizia and Claudia . it be a extremely beautiful amphora , in terra cotta , with a figure design around it . Patrizia and Claudia momentarily drop they thought to examine it . then corrado , who have observe the scene , come over , follow immediately by giulia . patrizia ( ironically ) come on , corrado , tell we what century it belong to . corrado smile , then come closer to examine it . Claudia also kneel down to look at it . a moment later she feel a presence at she side , and even without turn around she know it be sandro . take advantage of the discovery that be make , he purposely have return to join the group in order to be near Claudia . they both now feel between they the warmth of that contact , and for a brief moment , succumb once again to that sudden sense of wonderment which they already have experience at dawn . giulia corrado , why do not you ask they to give it to we as a gift ? corrado really ! so that you can stuff it with you geranium . patrizia ( to sandro ) but be not you suppose to be on you way ? Claudia , stricken with dismay , immediately detach herself from sandro , who reply with a certain sense of embarrassment . sandro yes ... I be go ... I be go now . *** a patrol boat be anchore off the cliff of a small island where the current run through the surround water come to a end . sandro be lean against the wall of a dilapidate building , which be construct right on that part of the rock where the sea close by discharge all kind of refuse . four or five islander be busy scour through the accumulate rubbish . they be taciturn , poorly dress people who every now and then come to blow over the possession of some article wash ashore by the wave . sandro be watch they , feel distraught and melancholy . one of the carabinieri who have accompany he be walk up and down beside a elderly gentleman who be obviously one of the local gentry . sandro ( to the carabiniere ) it 's already two hour ... what be we go to do ? carabiniere it take about twenty to twenty - two hour for the current to reach here from lisca bianca . elderly gentleman and sometimes even twenty - four ... depend on the wind ... carabiniere if the girl disappear yesterday afternoon , we will have to wait at least until three or four o'clock . sandro look at they without comment , then turn and walk away towards the center of the village . the house and shop around the square be very plain and shabby . sandro spot a barber shop and , finger he day - old beard , enter for a shave . shortly thereafter , a clamor of voice be hear outside and sandro come dash out of the shop . see the islander fight and argue about something draw up from the sea , he run over to find out what it be . as he arrive on the scene , two policeman step out of the confusion drag a large crate , which they carry over to the door of a nearby shack , amid the protest of the islander who be still argue and shouting among themselves . voice it belong to I ... we find it ... gentleman back ... stand back ! the two policeman set the crate down and lift the lid . it be full of cigarettes . carabiniere ( to the islander ) you see ? it contain cigarettes . we will have to confiscate it . the islander react violently , shouting out all sort of epithet . but the policeman manage to restrain they and soon the commotion be quiete down . carabiniere ( to sandro ) this people be contemptible . they have no sense of dignity at all . sandro ( refer to the crate ) and you say that come from lisca bianca ? carabiniere it could not have come from anywhere else . at least , somewhere from that vicinity ... but I really can not understand it . contraband cigarettes on that island ! it 's the first time that ever happen . sandro look ... I would like to get back to lisca bianca . carabiniere but how could we ... at a time like this when we just ... well , let 's at least first have a look around the other island . could be that something might turn up there . sandro ( impatiently ) but even here we be suppose to find who know what ... and all we bring back with we be a crate of cigarettes . carabiniere ( shrugging he shoulder ) as you wish . *** at lisca bianca , a helicopter be hover above the island and prepare to land . wait for it to descend be Claudia , the old man , the marshal and Anna 's father , just arrive from the mainland . marshal ( to the old man ) ... be it also true that you see no boat around here at lisca between yesterday and this morning ? old man how many time do I have to tell you , marshal , that I be at panarea . marshal I believe you , I believe you ... but I be also certain that you be hide something from I . I can see it write all over you face ... and you know that I have never like you face . and if you want to know something , that gentleman over there ... ( indicate Anna 's father ) ... who 's a very important person ... do not like it either . so , just keep that in mind . I will talk to you later . the marshal move away from the old man and go over towards Anna 's father who be watch the helicopter come down . anna's father I presume by this method that you will be able to uncover some new clue , either a handkerchief or a article of clothing ... in other word , something which you man have not be able to find as yet . marshal without any doubt , sir . if anything belong to the girl who have run away be still here on this island ... anna's father ( resentfully ) allow I to inform you that my daughter be not a fugitive . marshal I be sorry , sir . I do not mean to put it that way . but , you must understand , sir , that I ... anna's father I understand very well . only I do not want any rash assumption to be make . one of the carabinieri appear with Anna 's valise which he set down on the ground . marshal here 's she valise , sir . the helicopter be now a few foot above the ground , and everyone step aside to allow it room to land . the rush of wind from the propeller send up a cloud of dust , and finally the helicopter touch down . the propeller stop , the door open , and out come two large bloodhound accompany by a police attendant . he immediately say something to the dog in german which suddenly create a atmosphere of resentment among the group assemble there . Anna 's father go to he daughter 's valise , bend down , but do not dare to touch it . claudia do you want I to open it ? anna's father yes , please . Claudia open the valise and start pull out several dress , a few intimate garment , and several other item of clothing . as she continue rummage , she suddenly come upon two book , fitzgerald 's tender be the night and a copy of the Bible , which she hand to Anna 's father who , in turn , examine they with great care and deliberation . anna's father this look to I like a good sign . do not you think so ? as far as I be concerned , anyone who read the Bible could not have commit a act of impropriety . why ... as a matter of fact , I remember when I be in China , many year ago , I happen to be involved in a similar situation , concern a English woman , the wife of ambassador shafford , a good friend of mine . there , too , we find a Bible ... and I say at the time that whatever have happen , that clue alone have definitely rule out the possibility of ... suicide . why , it be logical , I say , that whoever read the Bible believe in God and therefore ... ( then , turn to Claudia in a almost supplicate tone of voice ) no ? you do not believe it ? well , as a matter of fact , I be right ... the woman be find two day later . it be a case of amnesia . marshal Sir , if you have no objection , may we start the search ? Anna 's father turn around to look at the bloodhound who be already sniff the air for a scent and anxious to get on with the hunt . then he throw a quick glance at he daughter 's valise once more , and with a air of disgust and irritation , walk off in a huff , follow by Claudia . attendant ( to the marshal ) get everybody out of the way ... marshal okay . I will send they down to that part of the beach over there ... after they all have leave the area , the attendant lead the two bloodhound over to Anna 's valise , instruct they to pick up the scent , then take they up to the very top of the island , where he subsequently unty they from he leash and set they off . Claudia and Anna 's father arrive on the beach where Patrizia , giulia , corrado , raimondo and one of the sailor be seat on a pile of rock . as the dog begin run in different direction over the island , try to track down the scent from Anna 's valise , the entire group remain silent , await the outcome of the search . suddenly , the bloodhound come racing down the slope , head directly towards the beach where they be gather , apparently hot on the trail of some familiar scent . to everybody 's amazement , the dog stop in front of Claudia , jump excitedly and bark at she as though they have find they prey . Claudia be nonpluss and almost petrify with fear . she turn around and see the other all stare at she . but she cannot understand why they be look at she that way nor why the dog have stop right in front of she . then , as if strike by a sudden flash of memory , she touch she dress and cry out : claudia it 's because of this ... the dress ... it 's because of this dress . Anna give it to I yesterday , right after the swim . completely relieved , Claudia smile and bend over to pet the dog , as the attendant come up to they and tie the leash back on to they neck . then he lead they away and head once again upthe slope towards the top of the island . Anna 's father seem almost disillusion by the negative result of the search . corrado also feel dissatisfied , and address himself to the marshal , say : corrado and what be we go to do now ? marshal we will try again . patrizia but be it really necessary ? that two beast ... how absurd ! meanwhile , the patrol boat have return and be pull ashore . giulia be the first one to notice its arrival and she call out to the other that sandro be back . then she go over to where Anna 's father be stand . giulia sandro 's here . anna's father ( coldly ) I do not know he . giulia it seem to I that at a moment like this ... anna's father I do not want to know he . by this time , sandro have come ashore , follow by the carabiniere , and immediately go up to Claudia . sandro Claudia , listen ... Claudia . but Claudia hardly look at he , and see corrado approach , she move away from sandro . corrado ( to sandro ) I do not think you would be back so early . carabiniere ( interrupt ) we do not check the other island , so ... corrado and why do not you go there ? carabiniere ( refer to sandro ) he want to come back . the sailor have unload the crate of cigarettes from the patrol boat and the marshal be get all the detail from the carabiniere . marshal up until now that smuggler be operate only around the palermo area . this will be a nice surprise for the Lieutenant in milazzo ... call up headquarters . bring they up to date and have they give you instruction on what to do with this crate . corrado so ... the boat we see yesterday afternoon might have also be that of this smuggler . could it be possible , then , that Anna ...? marshal ( evade corrado 's question and pursue he own thought ) I wonder where they could have unload the stuff ... maybe right here at lisca . corrado I be say ... it might even be possible that Anna have leave with they . marshal but for what reason would she have want to go away ? corrado listen , marshal ... as for there be reason for go away , anyone of we might have three thousand of they . so you can assume that she have they . what I want to know , be it possible that the smuggler might have take she aboard ? marshal I think it 's possible . a sailor ( call from the patrol boat ) marshal !... headquarters be call . they have a important message . marshal what be it about ? sailor they have stop a suspicious - look boat a few mile from here ... yesterday afternoon . the crew have be take to milazzo for question . the marshal take off for the patrol boat , and corrado go over to Anna 's father . corrado do you hear that ? what do you plan on do ? anna's father ( resignedly ) we be in the hand of God . sandro that 's true ... but in the meantime , as far as I be concerned , it 's absolutely necessary to go to milazzo . ( directly to Anna 's father ) I know that you have no desire to meet I , and I shall take pain not to impose myself upon you . but , besides you , I be the close person to you daughter ... anna's father however that may be , at this moment my daughter have more need of she father than of you . sandro pardon I for be so frank , but there be certain thing that a father -- especially a father like you -- can not understand . so do not be stubborn . I be come with you . as soon as he finish say this , sandro turn around and look at Claudia , as though he have just now realize that she be there listen to he . Claudia go to the gangplank and board the yacht , disappear into the cabin . have follow she with he gaze , sandro then turn to Patrizia . sandro Patrizia , what be you go to do ? patrizia what do you want we to do ? I do not know myself ... but we will do something . sandro I will go and get my valise . sandro go aboard the yacht and enter the cabin . on the way to he room he meet Claudia who have just change clothes and be about to return ashore . they stare at each other for a moment without say anything . but the intensity in Claudia 's look , mix with fear and desire , be so overpower that sandro take she in he arm and kiss she . Claudia immediately release herself from he embrace , but for the moment it last , the kiss be full and passionate . then she turn and go out on deck . sandro remain there , momentarily stunne , then pick up he valise and return ashore . as Claudia , follow by sandro , step back on the beach , she be meet by Patrizia . patrizia we have decide to go to montaldo 's place . in fact , ettore should already be there . sandro ( intervene ) good . then I will meet you there . he say this primarily for Claudia 's sake , hope to catch she eye . but she keep she head bow low , and do not look up . after a moment of hesitation , sandro turn away and head towards the small motorboat in which Anna 's father arrive from the mainland . and without say another word , he climb aboard . Patrizia place she arm around Claudia 's waist and together they start walk towards the yacht . but upon reach the foot of the gangplank , Claudia stop . claudia I be go with the patrol boat to make a tour around the island . patrizia to do what ? claudia I just can not leave without first search that island , one by one . patrizia but be not you tired ? I can just about manage to stand on my foot ! ( then turn around to look for raimondo , she call out ) raimondo ! raimondo here I be , Patrizia . I be always here . patrizia Claudia be not come with we . will you please take care of she luggage ? thanks . raimondo go aboard the yacht and return with Claudia 's valise . he consign it to one of the carabinieri who , in turn , take it aboard the patrol boat . Claudia follow he aboard . the marshal come out of the radio room , step ashore , then join sandro and Anna 's father on the motorboat , while Patrizia , giulia , corrado and raimondo go aboard the yacht . *** in the seaport town of milazzo , on the sicilian mainland , sandro and Anna 's father be seat in a office at police headquarters . the sailor pick up on a charge of carry contraband be be question by the police Lieutenant . sailor no , sir , Lieutenant , we be not even able to drop anchor once ... the sea be too rough . the Lieutenant motion for the sailor to come up to the desk , then point to a sheet of paper in front of he . lieutenant okay . just sign here . ( turn to a guard stand at the door ) have the next one come in . he 's the last , be not he ? another sailor enter and timidly approach the Lieutenant 's desk . he be rather young , and he face be completely bronze by the sun . lieutenant they tell I you have a lot of trouble at home . be that right ? young sailor yes , sir . my sister be sick ... and my father , too . lieutenant so that 's why you have turn to smuggle , eh ? you need the money . now , I can help you . I can see that you get some assistance from the government . but first there 's a little formality we have get to take care of . just a few question and then we can all go to lunch ... you friend tell I you drop anchor three time ... the sailor start , as though take by surprise , then quickly answer . young sailor yes , sir . Three time . lieutenant ( to sandro and Anna 's father ) now , we be get somewhere ! they be beginning to contradict each other . ( then , face the sailor again ) now look here , you friend just swore to I that you be not able to do any fishing at all because the sea be too rough ... and what about the other boat ? young sailor what other boat ? lieutenant now look , my man see it and they also see you man throw that crate overboard . what have you get to say about that ? young sailor ( stutter ) I ... I ... be not feel well ... I .. I be sleep ... I do not know anything ... I ... I be all mix up and ... sandro be unable to control himself any longer . he get up , walk over to the sailor and yell in he face . sandro but what be you say ?... what be you say ? the Lieutenant motion to sandro to be quiet , then calmly rise from he desk and continue . lieutenant now look here , I be ready to forget the whole thing : the cigarettes , the contraband -- everything . if you would only tell I ... you or you friend ... whether the girl be aboard you boat and how far she go . they all remain silent . the Lieutenant motion to the guard who then lead the sailor out of the office . lieutenant ( to Anna 's father ) just as I think . even if you catch they in the act , they would deny it . they always deny everything . and then , in this case , if they be to admit have have the girl aboard , it would mean they would be admit to the charge of carry contraband . oh , it 's easy to say : talk ! but if they do talk , the follow morning you would find they cold dead in front of they doorstep . anna's father I think it would be worth my while to take a run over to palermo . the Chief of Police there be a very good friend of mine and I be sure he will do whatever he can . I feel we be waste we time here ... Excuse I , Lieutenant . I hope we see each other again under better circumstance . and thanks for everything . bid goodbye to the Lieutenant , Anna 's father leave , without look at sandro . a moment later , sandro fold the newspaper he be read , tuck it under he arm , and start head towards the door . lieutenant at any rate , we will continue investigate . I know that headquarters have send out a alarm to all area ... sandro ( show the newspaper to the Lieutenant ) tell I , Lieutenant , do you happen to know this f.z. who write this article here ? the Lieutenant take a look at the paper which carry a two - column story head : disappearance of a roman tourist at lisca bianca . lieutenant that 's francesco Zuria . he 's the news correspondent . sandro where can we locate he ? do not you think that by offer a reward to anyone who can give we some information ... lieutenant Zuria be in Messina . you might try he . shall we phone he ? from the opposite end of the corridor through which sandro and the Lieutenant be walk , appear the sergeant who be in charge of the patrol boat on which Claudia tour the island in search of Anna . after salute he superior , the sergeant say : sergeant have you any instruction for I , Lieutenant ? May I return to lipari ? lieutenant yes . with whom do you leave the crate of cigarettes ? sergeant I leave it at the warehouse . the sergeant again salute he superior , then continue on he way along the corridor . sandro abruptly turn around and follow after he . sandro pardon I , sergeant , but when do you get back ? sergeant about two hour ago . sandro and the young lady who be with you ? sergeant I do not know ... she say she have to catch a train . sandro remain a while , absorb in he thought , then hurriedly leave the building , and head towards the station . *** on she way to the wait room of the station , Claudia purchase a newspaper , then go over to a empty bench and sit down . turn to the local news section , she suddenly come upon the article announce Anna 's disappearance . a moment later , sandro appear at the door . Claudia look up at he but do not say a word . he walk over and sit down beside she . sandro where be you go ?... to montaldo 's ? claudia yes . sandro then I will go with you . there be a moment of silence , then Claudia show he the newspaper article . claudia have you read it ?... they be ask for anyone with information to get in touch with they . sandro yes . I have also think of go there to talk with they ... claudia yes , you should go . sandro but then when will we see each other ? Claudia look at he imploringly , intent on make he understand , without have to tell he outright , that it be not a question of they see each other . sandro , of course , do realize and suddenly spring to he foot and nervously begin pace back and forth across the wait room . Claudia , in turn , also rise and go over to he . claudia I know it 's difficult . but if you go on like this it will become even more difficult . the bell announce the train 's arrival be sound . sandro turn around and face Claudia , almost with a sense of helpless despair . claudia please , do not look so solemn ... and do not wait for the train to come in . but sandro do not move . and again Claudia insist , implore he not to stay , although she realize full well that this may mean a final goodbye . claudia please , please leave . I do not want to look out of the window and wave to you with a handkerchief . sandro still do not move , and be about to say something , but Claudia look at he so pleadingly and with such a determine expression , that he finally succumb and start walk towards the exit behind the train track . the train have just pull into the station . the platform be completely empty and Claudia be the only one to board the train . she climb up the step and the door be close behind she . a second later , she appear at the window , look out briefly , then disappear into she compartment . the station master raise the signal for the engine to start , a short whistle be hear , and soon the train get under way . sandro dash out across the track , swing open one of the door , and board the train as it pick up speed and pull away from the station . Claudia be seat in a corner near the window , look out . she appear completely relaxed and totally drain of energy , fatigue after so much tension . after a few second , she turn around and be abruptly startle to see sandro stand nearby in the corridor . he come over to she compartment and take a seat directly opposite to hers . Claudia be absolutely furious . claudia go ahead , now say something ! I want to know just what it be we have to say to each other . sandro remain silent , wait for Claudia to settle down and calm herself . but she continue to reproach he . claudia sandro , I do not want you to come with I , I do not want to see you ... how can I make it clear to you ?... why do you come ? sandro I do not know why . I just could not help it . claudia but sooner or later we have get to end this relationship . and it 's better to do it right now . sandro I have no desire to sacrifice myself ... it 's idiotic to sacrifice oneself ... why ?... for whom ? if Anna be here I might understand you scruples . but she 's not ... claudia ( deeply wounded ) oh , sandro ... sandro I be sorry . I do not want to sound cynical . but be not it better to look thing squarely in the eye ? claudia for I they be exactly as they be when we meet three day ago -- just three day ago ... do not you realize ? and you and Anna ... no , I guess they be not like that any more . my God , be it possible to forget in such a short time , for thing to change so quickly ? sandro it take even less . claudia but it 's so sad . so terribly sad . I be not use to it , I be not ready for it ... you know ... I have never be so upset in my life . sandro , why do not you help I ? sandro I think the only way to help ourselves , Claudia , be for we to be together . claudia no , I be sure it will not . move over there . let 's make believe nothing happen . and when we get to the next station , get off . sandro and what about you ? claudia I ... I ... I ... please leave I alone . suddenly , she stand up and go into the corridor . the car be of a old type -- one half be first class , the other second . Claudia stop in front of a second - class compartment from which the sound of two voice be hear . one be that of a woman -- sweet , very delicate and very feminine ; the other be that of a man with a sicilian accent . sandro join Claudia . stand there together they hear the conversation . woman' voice I work there but I be really a stranger . man' voice I tell you this acquaintance of mine know you and she have often speak to I about you . woman' voice and who be she ? do she work in catania ? man' voice yes , she take care of the garden . woman' voice then it 's impossible for she to know I . in the villa where I be at , we have a male gardener . man' voice so ? that 's logical . you see , both be gardener , they speak about you to one another . woman' voice and what do they say about I ? man' voice they tell I that you be a very nice girl , that you always mind you business ... in other word , thing of that sort . there be a moment of silence . then , the sound of music be hear come from the compartment . Claudia and sandro look at one another with a smile on they face . then Claudia lean over to peek into the compartment . the woman be young ; she have thick , wavy brown hair . he be one of that typical seducer from the province , with black hair . there be a tiny radio between they . sandro also take a peek into the compartment . then they withdraw as the two resume they conversation . woman' voice we have a radio like this , too . man' voice no , not like this one . woman' voice and why would not we have one like this ? man' voice because this be a chinese radio . another pause . sandro take hold of Claudia 's hand and press it . she do not resist , but allow he to do it . woman' voice certainly a radio this small be very practical . it 's especially useful for ... I do not know ... for travel . man' voice but for you , what come first : music or love ? Claudia press up close to sandro , amused and , at the same time , obviously move . woman' voice Music , of course . to get a sweetheart , one have to look around , but to get a radio , all you have to do be buy one . man' voice ah , no ... for I , love come first . I be a man , and I know what 's what : first love , and then music . Claudia laugh but she be still very upset . all of a sudden , she start and look out the little window . the train be come into a station and be beginning to slow down . Claudia grab sandro by the sleeve and pull he through the corridor . sandro try to resist . sandro Claudia , listen to I ... claudia no , sandro , please ... I ask you as a favor ... she continue to drag he through the corridor , until they finally reach the platform . then she open the door . they be both highly emotional . Claudia be almost hysterical . claudia promise that you will not try to look for I ... you should not try to look for I any more ... sandro but why , Claudia ?... why ? sandro try to grab she in he arm , but Claudia push he away , almost with a sense of violence , as though she be afraid she might change she mind once in he arm . in the meantime , the train have come to a stop in the station . sandro pause to look at Claudia once more . sandro even if you chase I away , I ... Claudia , let 's not wait any longer ... after , it will be too late ... come with I . Claudia be visibly battle with herself . then , in one last moment of decision , she push sandro towards the door and go back into the car . once on the ground , sandro walk back and forth along the platform to see if he can find Claudia , hope she might look out the window to wave goodbye . but she do not appear . the train start to move , as sandro desperately try to catch a glimpse of Claudia . but she be not to be see . sandro start run along the platform , but the train be now go too fast . he stop -- angry , disappointed and upset . *** at the entrance - way of a luxurious villa , Claudia , who have just arrive , be greet by the princess . she be a elderly woman , rather ordinary in appearance but very aristocratic in taste and manner . princess do you have a good trip ? it be such a magnificent day ! I be very happy that Sicily be able to give you so warm a welcome . and you do deserve it . you be such a lovely blonde . come , my dear . Claudia smile , and follow the princess into the garden . princess and where be you from ? claudia from Rome . princess oh , how nice ! so , you be from Rome ... and would you happen to know of some intelligent clergyman in Rome who might be willing to come here and stay with we ? we have we own private little chapel ... it be a masterpiece , with seventeenth - century frescoes ... and the remain of all we dead ancestor , a wonderful collection ... he would find it very convenient there , and could say he own mass . then he would have to spend a little time with my husband , who never see anyone , to keep he occupy . claudia a intelligent clergyman , princess ? but I think the intelligent clergyman of today have so many other thing to do . princess well , perhaps one with a little physical handicap . one who be slightly lame , for example . in the meantime , they have arrive at a shady alcove where , seat in various wicker lounge chair , be Patrizia , giulia and a young man dress in simple , casual clothes . the first one to notice Claudia and to greet she with warm cordiality , be giulia . giulia well , finally ! we be beginning to get worried about you , too . Claudia plunk herself down in one of the lounge chair next to Patrizia . the young man rise and bow slightly . patrizia but where do you finally end up ? claudia it be futile . we go all over . there be a moment of silence ; the think of Anna return to weigh on the group . Claudia pour herself a orange drink from a pitcher on the table beside she . claudia ( refer to Anna ) but why do she do this thing ? ( she take a sip from she glass , then rise ) I can not stand it any more . she take a few step , look around at the villa , and at the other end of the alcove see corrado and ettore say goodbye to a pair of elderly gentleman . giulia ( to corrado and ettore ) but how can you carry on a discussion in this heat ? corrado when one approach fifty , my dear , he be affect only by the cold . ettore ( notice Claudia ) and who be this ? patrizia this be Claudia , Anna 's friend ... ( to Claudia ) you have never meet my husband , have you ? ettore immediately recall Claudia 's name from a previous conversation that be apparently hold before she arrive . ettore by the way , have you phone he ? corrado you mean sandro ? I tell you already . he 's not in . at least he 's not at the hotel . ettore now look what have to go and happen ... at a time when I will be need he . how can we discuss thing when we lack date and figure ?... patrizia but do not he say he be come here ... now , with all this talk about sandro , the sense of relaxation Claudia have feel upon she arrival , have change into a feel of anxiety that become more and more noticeable . ettore well , what be you all wait for ? send a car out to get he . he can not be more than a couple of hundred mile away ... giulia to I , the fact that have not show up be a good sign . do you want to bet that he 's find Anna ? ettore maybe . but do you know that forty thousand person a year disappear in Italy without leave a single trace behind they . forty thousand ! almost as much as the entire population of San siro ... raimondo , will you go and see if you can locate sandro ? raimondo okay . a go announce lunch resound throughout the garden . patrizia first let the poor thing have something to eat . ettore it would not really do you any harm to skip a meal . princess I have never meet this sandro . what kind of a person be he ?... he could not have do she in himself , by any chance ? ettore ( break out into a loud laugh ) sandro ?... oh , sure ... I can see sandro call Anna over to he and say : listen , Anna , I intend to get rid of you , but since it 's so painful and complicated ... and besides , I do not happen to have a gun on I ... why do not you do I a favor and get rid of yourself on you own ... there be a moment of complete , dead silence , during which the same disturbing think flash across the mind of all that who be present like a sudden revelation . giulia my God , how could we joke over something like that ! we should be ashamed of ourselves . princess ( rise ) come on , let 's go . they all get up except Claudia . she be leave so completely shake by the conversation , by the think , that it seem she no longer have the strength to move . giulia , after give corrado a defiant look , turn and smile at the young man who have stop to wait for she . giulia ( to Claudia , refer to the young man ) goffredo be the princess ' nephew . he 's eighteen year old , the lucky boy . and , what do you know -- he paint . goffredo anybody can hold a brush in he hand . all you need be to buy some oil and start painting . even rembrandt do the same . giulia laugh with a strange sense of excitement , then take goffredo by the arm and leave . Claudia remain alone . she watch the group head towards the house , giulia hold tight to goffredo , ettore to Patrizia . they voice be hear , somewhat unclear . ettore but ... where be the Prince ?... be he well ? princess the last time I see he , the day before yesterday , it seem he be well . ettore princess , why do not you sell this villa ? I would turn it into a lovely psychiatric clinic . princess it 's a little like that already . finally , even Claudia start move , slowly , behind the other ; but she be still very much upset . *** a crowd of people that keep grow and grow from one moment to the next , be gather in one of the main street of Messina , in front of a man 's store with its shutter half - shut . the local police be unable to control the flow of traffic , which have be block as a result of the crowd . the car be pack close to one another , raise a great din with they horn . the throng be compose chiefly of young man push and climb over each other to get near the shop to see inside . sandro try to make he way through the crowd in a attempt to get up close himself , but the confusion be so great that he find the go very difficult . remarks and comment be hear above the noise . first young man who be it , Sophia loren ? second young man oh , no ! it 's some model from turin with a low - cut dress . other voice it 's Queen saroya ... I see she ... so , who could it be ? third young man they have tear she dress ... she 's almost nude ... she run into the shop to hide herself ... a police siren be hear from afar , then before long it fill the air and dominate every other sound . a Alfa Romeo pull up , follow by a police wagon full of policeman . both vehicle maneuver they way through the crowd like snake through a jungle , and stop right in front of the shop . sandro take advantage of the open create by the two car and thus find himself a few step away from the door . bend over in order to see through the small space leave open by the half - draw shutter , he notice several newspapermen and photographer . sandro ( to one of the newspapermen ) which one of you be Zuria ? newspaperman he 's inside . meanwhile , the policeman have come out of the wagon and arrive at the door of the shop , with the Chief of Police lead the way . one of they raise the shutter , and the crowd , which have back away slightly at the insistence of the police , begin press forward threateningly . soon pandemonium break loose . in the confusion , sandro manage to get inside the store along with the policeman and two photographer . the shutter be again lower , just a few inch behind he . stand in the middle of the shop be a most charming and provocative young brunette with tight - fitting pants and a blouse that be open almost from the neck to the waist . she be wear nothing under she blouse , so that with every movement of she body , one can not help catch a glimpse of she naked breast . as the policeman come forward , she receive they with a smile . sandro ask one of the journalist stand nearby if he can tell he which one of they be Zuria . the journalist point to a man who be only a few step away -- a man not very old but who have a ravage face , and whose hair be almost completely white . sandro Zuria ? zuria yes . until prove otherwise . sandro I would like to ask you something . zuria wait a moment . can not you see I be busy ? everybody be gather around the Chief of Police and the girl . the store clerk be look at she admiringly . the manager , most upset , be explain the situation to the Chief of Police . manager I phone you , Chief , because , in view of the situation ... I think it best ... the girl interrupt he . she have a very self - satisfied look on she face . girl I come down here to buy a foulard ... suddenly I realize that little by little , directly behind I , I be be follow by so many man , and more and more of they keep come . chief of police well , I should think so ... dress like that . girl but I have always go around like this , everywhere in the world . nothing like this have ever happen to I before . Zuria turn to sandro and clear he throat . outside , the crowd become very noisy . zuria ( to the girl ) how old be you ? girl nineteen . my name be gloria Perkins . I be marry and a writer by profession . I write in a trance , almost always in contact with people who be dead . tolstoi , for example , or Shakespeare . but the movie also interest I . Zuria nod to sandro as if to say : now watch this . zuria how do you find the man of Messina ? be you shocked by they warm display of friendliness ? girl no , why should I be shocked ? we be in Italy , not Finland . zuria and how be you receive in palermo ? the girl turn around and look down at Zuria with contempt , but she manage to remain calm . girl in palermo I be with my husband . now I be go to capri to write a article for the Tourist Office . Zuria clear he throat again and whisper to sandro . zuria she do exactly the same thing in palermo . chief of police ( to the girl ) if you want to go back to you hotel ... we be ready to escort you . girl oh , yes , thank you ... photographer snap a flash photo . the girl immediately strike a pose . other flash follow . the clerk ask for she autograph . one of the policeman raise the shutter ; the girl come forward smile , and be greet with a certain kind of roar from the crowd . the group leave the shop . sandro and Zuria also come out . the girl , ushere out by the policeman , climb into the Alfa Romeo . the guard hold the crowd back . there be more camera flash . more smile from the pretty stranger . finally the car pull out , follow by the police wagon . sandro and Zuria watch the car disappear through the crowd , which start to disperse . the din , however , be still enormous , due to the unsnarl of the traffic jam . zuria do you like she ? sandro shrug he shoulder , somewhat surprised by the journalist 's question . zuria she cost a hundred thousand lire . sandro you be kid ! zuria no , I be not . why do you think she do all this ? it 's one of the many way she can put herself on display . when you bait the trap , the mouse will snap . to tell you the truth , if it be not for the fact that one hundred thousand lire represent my whole month 's salary , well ... but you have something you want to ask I ? sandro be still look at the journalist with a sense of incredulity , almost as if he feel Zuria 's conversation be something out of this world . but he be bring back to reality by Zuria 's last remark , which be make as the journalist start walk at a very hurried pace . sandro I read one of you article regard the disappearance of a girl . I be that girl 's fianc . zuria oh ... I be sorry I have to rush but I have get to write a story about this thing that just happen ... tell I exactly how it all turn out . sandro ( impatiently ) now listen , if I have any information , I would not have come here to ask you . but I see that you , too , lack any information ... the journalist cast a sideward glance at sandro . he be a bitter and sarcastic man , one who be completely absorb with he own little problem and he own daily routine . but for this very reason he be quite capable of take any kind of insult , either big or small . zuria as a matter of fact , I have already have several phone call on that article . one say they have see the miss girl in a automobile somewhere in Rome . another one say they see she on the pier talk with some strange sailor ... could be she secretly leave the island by boat ... sandro be that possible ? zuria who know ?... another one have it that she enter a store in troina . this information come from the storekeeper himself who state that such and such a girl have buy I do not know what in he store ... at troina . sandro be that far from here ? zuria about fifty mile or so . if you want , I will give you the name of the storekeeper . sandro yes ... of course ... but you should also print that in you paper ... but right away , tomorrow morning ... it 's the local palermo paper , be not it ?... I mean , it 's widely read ... zuria yes , but why do you think we reader would be interested in such news now ? even if I send it , the editor would not print it . sandro you really must do I this one favor . zuria pardon I , but why must I do you a favor ? sandro then let 's call it a business proposition . something to round out you salary . the journalist clear he throat without answer . then he grab sandro by the arm and take he back to the other side of the street where a few people , leave over from the crowd , be still discuss the incident that just take place as they gradually drift away from the scene . the traffic be now back to normal . *** at the princess ' villa , Claudia be in she room , apply some fresh make - up in front of a small dress table . although she appear thoroughly engross in all the minute detail of she make - up , nevertheless , she seem considerably interested in any sound that come through she window . the rumble of a motor be hear . Claudia run to the window and look out into the garden . a dark car pull up in front of the service entrance . a uniform chauffeur get out of the car and enter the house carry a package under he arm . there be a obvious look of disappointment on Claudia 's face . she be about to return to the dress table when she notice , there in the garden , giulia head towards the house accompany by the young Prince , goffredo . Claudia be profoundly shocked by giulia 's behavior as she laugh , joke , bend over to pick up some flower , and skip along unashamedly . in the meantime , Patrizia have enter the room with two wig , one of which she be wear and the other in she hand . she also have on a cocktail dress , but one that be more elaborate than Claudia 's . Patrizia immediately go up to the mirror of the dress table and , while she finish arrange the wig on she head , say to she friend : patrizia be you ready ? I be not . that 's all we need -- a cocktail party ... the vitality some people have irritate I ! ( indicate the wig on she head ) how do it look ? Claudia , who have meanwhile try on the other wig and be look at herself in the mirror , turn around to Patrizia . claudia ( ironically ) it 's divine ! patrizia you say that just to flatter I . claudia do you consider that a compliment ? patrizia no . the two of they burst out laugh and together they leave the room . then after a few step through the corridor , they separate with a friendly gesture towards each other . Patrizia go into she room while Claudia prepare to descend the wide stairway . come up the same stairway be giulia and the young Prince , goffredo . there be something of a embarrassing moment between they . then giulia , aware of Claudia 's presence , detach herself from goffredo and , as they reach the top of the stair , she come over to Claudia and take she by the wrist in order to confide with she more intimately . giulia he want to show I he painting . he will not let go of I anymore . poor thing , he must have a crush on I ... she laugh with a obvious sense of amusement , but she be also tickle by she own vanity . Claudia look at she without know what to say to she . giulia ( even more excited ) please , you come too ... claudia but for what reason should I come there ? giulia please , do come ... do not leave I alone with he . he 's capable of ... I do not know ... have you notice he eye ? Claudia resign herself to escort giulia to the floor up above . the very top of the stairway lead to a attic , where goffredo be lean over the railing , look down . goffredo giulia ... giulia here I be . see the two of they arrive together , the young Prince feel disappointed . but he know he have to cover he intention with a show of good manners . when the two woman reach the top of the stair , he bow to Claudia in a most respectful fashion . then he lead they down a low and narrow corridor to a door they pass through . the attic be bright and spacious , with slant roof , and two huge window . it be fill with painting , easel , canvase , brushes and oil . as soon as giulia enter the studio , she move away from Claudia and attaches herself to the young Prince who be set up one of he painting on a easel beside one of the window . Claudia look around the room with a sense of indifference . go over to the window , she look out and see a vast panorama of the countryside . giulia look at the painting with a certain amount of surprise . it be a picture of a nude woman ; a shapely figure , slightly plump , in the manner of renoir . giulia Claudia , come and see . it 's a nude . Claudia be look through the painting that lean up against the wall face backwards . she turn one around : a nude woman . a second : another nude woman . a third : the same . claudia they be all nude , if I be not mistaken . giulia ( to goffredo ) but why all nude ? goffredo because there be no landscape as beautiful as a woman . giulia and where do you find the model ? goffredo oh , there be as many as one want . giulia ( turn to Claudia ) I think the model be something obsolete nowadays . do not you , Claudia ? Claudia go back to look out the window : a group of fly bird swoops down to land directly under the roof . the bird settle themselves in a little nest directly in front of the window . Claudia bend over to get a better look and be actually able to see the little nest , as she hear behind she the exchange of remark between giulia and the young Prince . goffredo it 's strange how anxious woman be to display themselves . it 's almost a natural inclination . giulia but how could they pose like that ? I could not . goffredo ( with a grave , youthful sensuality ) why do not you try ? giulia I ... goffredo , you be mad ! ( turn to Claudia ) he 's mad . claudia not really . Claudia move away from the window , and continue to look at giulia and goffredo with a deep sense of amazement . giulia be euphoric , kittenish and tremble with excitement . goffredo be firm , resolute and serious . giulia do not you ever paint man ? goffredo answer I , why do not you try pose ? I will paint you a beautiful portrait . giulia but why I ?... ask Claudia , she 's much more beautiful than I . goffredo ( insistent ) but I want to paint you . you appeal to I more . giulia ( timidly ) I appeal to you more ? giulia glance over at Claudia , who be still preoccupy look out of the window , then screw up she courage and boldly advance towards goffredo , make she intention clearly understand . goffredo immediately respond to she invitation and draw himself close up against she . there be a moment of hesitation , then a kiss -- awkward but passionately violent . giulia , on she part , be completely shameless . Claudia turn around exactly at that moment when the two of they be catch up in a feverish embrace . she look at they , completely dumbfounded , then take a few step forward as though she do not believe she own eye . claudia ( almost unconsciously ) giulia ! giulia quickly turn around , she face be flushed with excitement but also with a expression that seem somewhat triumphant . before anybody have a chance to say anything , she head towards the door , swing it open and stand firmly on the threshold , obviously intent on tell Claudia to leave . in fact , Claudia do not wait to be tell but immediately walk out into the hallway . giulia and tell corrado , too , that I be here ... if he want I . you can also tell he that my tiny little heart be beat like mad , and that at this moment , it 's the only thing that interest I . be that clear ? claudia it could not be any clearer . giulia take a few step backward into the room , and see Claudia still there look at she strangely , exclaim : giulia now what do I have to do to be leave in peace ? claudia I think all you have to do , giulia , be to close the door . and with a violent bang that leave Claudia startle , giulia slam the door shut . Claudia remain stand there for a moment , still very much amaze . but she be arouse from she stupor by the sound of a car pull into the courtyard . then she rapidly start descend the stair . Claudia have reach the hallway lead out to the garden and be anxiously wait there , look at the car that have just arrive . but she be not able to distinguish exactly who it be , and she view be also block by ettore and corrado who have just come out of the house and be now stand in front of the car . so she walk out to the garden and join the group . a certain look of disappointment spread over she face as she see only raimondo come out of the car . evidently , sandro have not be locate . raimondo he 's not at the hotel ... and he probably be not even in milazzo . the room clerk say he rent a car ... Claudia move away from the group , as though she have hear enough . she go over to lean against a enormous vase stand there on the side . her hand be tremble . in back of she she hear the sound of the other ' voice but cannot distinguish what they be say . then Patrizia arrive and call out Claudia 's name . but she have to repeat it a second time before Claudia realize she be be call . patrizia Claudia ... let 's go . Claudia turn around but do not move . another car pull up , drive by the same chauffeur who have evidently pick she up the other day , and in which the princess be already seat . claudia I be not come . patrizia but then why do you bother change ? Patrizia remain puzzle for a moment as though search for a motive behind Claudia 's sudden decision , then discreetly turn away without insist and go over to the car . in the meantime , giulia and goffredo have come out through the hallway and head towards one of the two car . corrado look at they with a cold and critical stare , then with a deliberate intent to prick giulia 's feeling , he say : corrado giulia be like oscar wilde ; give she the superfluous and she will do without the essential . ettore break out into a laugh as he help Patrizia into the car . ettore that 's he ; he would die if he do not have somebody to quote . he come up with quotation like that even at a board of director meeting ... Claudia watch they get into the car . she be beside herself , completely wrap up in she own thought . *** in the rear of a general store , on the outskirt of a small sicilian town , a woman be seat at the window . she be very young , thin and irascible . up front , she husband be speak with sandro , and as she listen attentively to what he be say , a sarcastic smile spread over she face . husband be patient , I can not remember everything . sandro ( indicate the newspaper article ) but it even say what she buy : a bar of soap ! so there 's no point in make believe you can not remember . after wait a few second to give she husband a chance to explain himself , the wife jump up from where she be sit , come over to sandro and yank the paper from he hand . then she start read the article in a jerky manner typical of one who be not too literate . wife " a young female stranger , whose description correspond with that of the miss girl , come into my store ... " she suddenly stop read and turn toward sandro . wife she come and then she leave . with he . but this one will not admit it . ( turn upon she husband furiously ) you think I be not aware of it ... the husband , a young man , try to keep calm and carry on the conversation in a logical , persuasive manner . husband but if I be carry on with the girl , why would I want to give any of this information to the newspaper ? wife that 's what I would like to know myself . husband Fine , that make two of we who want to know . in fact , three , with he . he indicate sandro . then , see a fat , luscious female customer enter the store , he turn to she and continue : husband ah , Lady amalia , would you be interested in know why I tell the newspaper about a certain girl who come here the other day and then disappear ? the woman , anxious to learn about any new bit of gossip , become immediately interested . lady amalia disappear ? who be she ? ... where ? when ? husband and that make four . anybody else ?... sandro , a little sick and tired of the whole matter , and want to put a end to what have by now become farcical , intervene . sandro you have to be precise . do this girl enter you store or do not she ? wife ( shouting ) yes ! sandro ( ignore she ) be she blonde or brunette ? husband ( calmly ) brunette . wife ( contradict he ) blonde . sandro how be she dress ? husband I do not quite remember . seem to I she wear a black dress . wife ( intervene sarcastically ) he do not look at dress , he look at what 's under they . the husband turn around and look at he wife menacingly . sandro pardon I , but have anyone else be here ask about this girl ? husband no ... I do not think so . sandro thanks . *** sandro leave the store . he walk a few step along the pavement , then sit down at a small outside table of a nearby caf . he look out over the square : a small sicilian town , quiet and still in the hot afternoon sun . every now and then , he glance up at the country road that wind around the town , as though he be wait for someone . a few moment later , in fact , a car come into view and slow down as it reach the square . the driver look out for a place in which to park . sandro rise to he foot . the car come to a stop a few step away from he . the driver rush out of the car to open the door for the person inside : it be Claudia . sandro immediately go over to meet she , look at she somewhat amaze . not only do he see she more elegantly dress than he have ever see she before , wear a smartly tailore polka - dot suit , but also as a entirely new person , as someone whose beauty he have discover for the first time . for a moment they continue stare at each other , without even bother to say hello . claudia any news ? sandro yes ... but it 's all so conflict ... however , there be some slight indication ... Claudia drop she gaze , relieved by even that slight note of hope . then she look up at he again , as though inspire by another sudden think : something which must have lingered in she mind from one of the princess ' humorous quip . then , the owner of the general store appear on the scene . after have deal he nag wife a crush verbal blow , he turn to sandro , but not without first glance at Claudia , for whom it soon become evident he have really come out on the street . husband listen ... in the paper they forget to say that as soon as the girl leave here she take the bus to noto . the bus leave from the square , over there . I see she clearly ... I come to the door to see she off ... she be a beautiful girl . Lovely pair of leg ! while speak , he continue to keep a eye on Claudia with the look of one who think he gaze be load with irresistible masculinity . all of a sudden , he pull out a package of nazionali cigarettes from he pocket and offer one to Claudia . she look at he dumbfounded , then automatically decline with a shake of she head . in turn , he light up a cigarette , inhale the smoke voluptuously . meanwhile , he wife have come upon the scene and look at he suspiciously . then , with a sad , wistful voice , she turn to Claudia . wife you be from Rome , be not you ? I know right away because I be from viterbo ... he be a soldier there and so ... ( indicate she husband , and then quickly continue ) I do not like it very much , here . husband ( interrupt ) then why do not you go back ? his wife turn and look at he hatefully , exactly in the same manner he have look at she . claudia how long have you be marry ? wife Three month . Claudia and sandro look at each other . there be a moment of embarrassment , then sandro break the silence . sandro well ... thanks for the information . they exchange goodby , then Claudia and sandro move away from the store and head towards Claudia 's car . suddenly , sandro take Claudia by the hand . sandro it 's better if we present a happy picture , no ? Claudia be about to withdraw she hand but she be take aback by sandro 's phrase , which also fill she with a warm and tender feel after the squalid situation with the young storekeeper and he wife . now sandro open the door of the car , look at Claudia as if to ask she consent for what he be about to do , and since Claudia say nothing but just stand there try to figure out which one of the feeling struggle within she will win , he remove Claudia 's valise and close the door . sandro ( to the driver ) tell the signora Patrizia that we be continue the search ... and that the signorina Claudia will manage to survive somehow ... the driver bow slightly , then he climb into the car and depart . sandro and Claudia remain there , watch the car disappear out of view . now sandro turn to look at Claudia , and smile at she . Claudia be visibly upset . she do not smile back but merely turn away and head towards sandro 's car . *** Claudia be intent on look at sandro who be do the drive . the car be travel on a country road but Claudia show no interest in the landscape . she continue to stare at sandro as if she want to know he most secret thought . suddenly , feel himself be stare at , sandro turn towards Claudia . she quickly drop she gaze . then sandro turn he eye back to the road , and Claudia look up at he again . from a bend in the road up ahead , precede by the loud and penetrate blast of a horn , the bus mention earlier by the storekeeper appear . sandro barely manage to stop the car in time off to one side of the road . he get out and place himself in the middle of the road where he start signal for the bus to stop . with a loud screech of its brake , the bus come to a stop almost directly in front of he . the bus driver open the window and lean out . driver do you car break down ? sandro no . I only want some information . meanwhile , the driver 's assistant get down from the bus and the passenger lean out of the window . Claudia have also get out of the car and appear on the scene . sandro we be search for a girl of about twenty - five ... seem she board this bus two day ago , in the afternoon ... you should remember she because she be a stranger around here ... the driver get down from the bus and come over to sandro , scratch he head . driver she be a little nervous ... dark -haire ... with a kerchief around she head ? he turn to he assistant for verification , who , in turn , search he memory and then add : assistant two day ago ... be not there that midwife on the bus , too ? sure , that 's right , and she be talk to some young woman ... sandro can you tell I where she get off ? assistant all I can tell you be that the midwife be from X ... sandro okay , thanks . sandro turn and go back to he car while the other climb back on the bus which begin to leave . Claudia and sandro remain stand near the car , watch the bus disappear . then Claudia turn and look out over the field . she see a dry riverbed fill with stone that sparkle in the sun , beside it a high rocky bank . sandro stand next to she and she become vividly aware of he presence . as she glance at he , he turn around , then she quickly start up a conversation as though she be anxious not to have any romantic mood develop between they . claudia my God ... let 's hope it be she . then , still feel sandro 's eye fix upon she , she turn and start head towards the car . sandro catch up with she and take she hand . before they climb into the car they look at each other intensely . a moment later , the car take off at full speed . *** in a courtyard of the midwife 's house , sandro and Claudia be question a middle - age woman . midwife I only exchange a few casual word with she , as one would ordinarily do on a public bus ... sandro and do you remember where she get off ? midwife well ... probably at the last stop , which be noto . claudia after that , you do not see she anymore ? the woman pause for a few second and look at Claudia as though she have detect some hide motive behind the question . and when she resume speak , what she have to say be in sharp contrast to the way she say it . they be word of protest but speak condescendingly , almost sweetly , yet leave no doubt as to they meaning . midwife what be you try to insinuate , young lady ? why should I have see she again ? I do not do anything that 's illegitimate . claudia oh , no ... what be you say ? I be not insinuate anything ... midwife and furthermore , my dear young lady ... because you really be a dear , you know ... if the story of that girl be merely a pretext , let we say , to get in touch with she , then I feel it be my duty to warn she . this thing be very , very dangerous , especially in a neighborhood like this where people occupy themselves more with other people 's affair than they own . see Claudia be put into a uncomfortable position , sandro , who have be follow the midwife 's discussion with a cagey attitude , intervene . sandro then you should also be able to tell I where a young girl might stay in noto ; be there any hotel or rooming house ? midwife there 's the Trinacria Hotel ... or the Regina , near the municipal building . as for rooming house , I do not know ... sandro thank you . midwife do not mention it ... please to be of service any time . Claudia start move hurriedly out of the courtyard , follow by sandro . *** sandro 's car be speed across a harsh , sun - baked landscape , bypass long line of peasant return from the field : the woman seat on donkey , the man on foot . the more fortunate among they have horse draw cart . Claudia be look at the surround countryside and spy a iron bridge that be all rusty and obviously no longer in use . claudia look at that bridge ! who know why they even bother to make it ... the car continue onward , pass a abandon factory , then a railroad station , also abandon , its track cover by weed , the ticket office haphazardly board up with old wooden plank . claudia look at that : a factory ... a station ... and look at that track , all full of weed ... but why ? sandro shrug he shoulder and continue drive without say a word . up ahead a small town come into view , with monotonous row of newly construct home line up along the side of the road . the car enter the town and stop . sandro get out and go over to a fountain nearby , but the fountain be dry . somewhat surprised , he begin to look around . and only then do sandro and Claudia become aware that the silence around they be a unnatural one , that the door and the window of all the house in the town be tightly shut . there be no sign of life anywhere , except for the weed grow between the crack in the wall , invade and suffocating everything in sight . Claudia get out of the car , join sandro , and together they start walk along the street . the sun beat furiously down upon the crumble house , upon the church , upon the useless monument in the square on which a dedication be inscribe : " to the agricultural Worker . " sandro look around in absolute silence . Claudia be also silent , somewhat dismay . instinctively , she press up close to sandro who lead she to a shady spot where the ground be overgrown with weed . sandro and Claudia be lie next to each other on the grass . sandro appear calm but be actually look at Claudia as though he be about to embrace she with he eye . then he take she hand . Claudia offer no resistance ; in fact , she entwine she finger around he , almost with a sense of desperation . sandro try to kiss she . she make a feeble attempt to resist , look around , and see the desert town , the barren field , the crumble , sun - baked wall . she turn and look at sandro again , and now it be she who kiss he . when they break apart , they stretch themselves out upon the grass . sandro kiss she violently , again and again and again ... *** the early twilight shadow be beginning to fall . the sky be still clear but the sun be fade . there be a deep silence and the air be absolutely still . in a certain sense , sandro 's car , stand there in the middle of the desert street , be the only thing alive in that desolate town . huddle close to each other , Claudia and sandro be asleep on the grass . lazily , Claudia awaken , and then sandro also open he eye . they be both somewhat dishevel . claudia ( faintly audible ) it 's late ... we should be go . Little by little , she leave behind the drowsiness of she deep and peaceful sleep , purring languorously in a typically feminine fashion . sandro smile and gently embrace she . a moment later , Claudia release herself from sandro 's arm , sit up and realize that the countryside and the town itself be as black and motionless as death . a cold shiver run down she back and she quickly come to she foot . claudia let 's get out of here , fast ... this be not a town , it 's a cemetery . sandro who know why they all leave ... Claudia start to move but she leg be still numb from she sound sleep and she hobble along comically , laugh at the same time . sandro also get up and find that he leg be cramped . hobbling and laugh himself , he follow Claudia towards the car . but the car , baked by the sun , be like a oven . they both make boisterous and playful exclamation , then another embrace , another kiss . finally , they climb into the car and drive off with a loud roar that echoe up and down the abandon town . *** sandro and Claudia arrive in the town of noto and pull up on the opposite side of the street from the Trinacria Hotel . as they climb out of the car , Claudia turn to sandro : claudia sandro ... maybe it 's best that you go in alone . sandro be you joke ? claudia do not think that I want to save myself from any embarrassment , from the awkwardness of meeting Anna ... it 's not that ; it 's that you can say certain thing easier if you be alone . please , sandro , do try to understand I ... it would look like I be try to influence you , to force you , to control you ... and that make I feel uncomfortable ... sandro agree by a nod of he head and indicate that he understand very well . nevertheless , he do not move . several agonizing moment go by in which they both remain silent and still , look at the hotel across the way . then , toss away he cigarette , sandro finally walk off and go into the hotel . Left alone , Claudia stroll along for a few step . she see a letter box up against a building and deposit a postcard she have be carry with she . she remain there for a moment , watch a parade of ant crawl along the wall , end up who know where . they come and go , scurrying up and down in vast number , incredibly busy . then Claudia turn away and start pace back and forth , stop from time to time behind townspeople who mill about in the street ; she pay they no heed . several young man pass by and turn around to look at she . they be obviously the town 's dandy . circle around she , they exchange suggestive comment to one another . even among the woman Claudia arouse a certain curiosity . but she remain totally unaware of it ; such be the intensity with which she concentrate she gaze upon the hotel entrance . suddenly the sound of a shutter be lower directly behind she cause she to start and turn around . it be a shop be close . other shop , further down the street , be also close for the day . the people in the street begin thinning out and it be not long before Claudia be leave entirely by herself . in that total solitude , the doorway of the hotel emerge like the mouth of some dark and fearful cavern , so much so that Claudia be unable to keep she eye fix upon that spot . she turn she head away , but she attention be immediately draw back again . from the darkness of the hotel 's hallway , she spy sandro come out . Claudia do not wait to see if he be alone or not , for she have only one think in mind : not to let herself be see . but she do not know what to do since there be practically no one else in the street and all the shop be close . then she notice a tobacco shop still open and she quickly dash into it . she go up to the counter as she open she purse and start look for some change . claudia some cigarettes , please ... do you have any ?... nazionali with filter ... her hand tremble as she search for the money . finally , she pay the storekeeper and immediately light up a cigarette . suddenly , she wheel about , have hear sandro enter . he be alone . throw away he cigarette , he come up to she , all nervous and excited , and they both step out into the street . as soon as she be outside , Claudia lean up against the wall as if she have no strength leave . she let she cigarette fall to the ground and shut she eye . sandro what be it , Claudia ? claudia oh , sandro ... I be so ashamed of myself , so ashamed ... I try to hide myself ... I feel so small ... I hate myself ... sandro do it please you to say such thing ? claudia oh no ... it do not please I at all ... sandro then why do you say they ? claudia because what I be do be so ugly ... because if you tell I right now : " Claudia , I love you , " I would believe you ... sandro be about to say the phrase , somewhat jokingly in the hope that it might calm she , but also with a certain amount of seriousness . but as soon as he open he mouth to say " Claudia , " she place she hand over he lip . claudia no ... because then I would force you to swear it , I would force you to tell I a infinite amount of thing ... and that would not be right , it could not be right ... it would be absurd . sandro try to calm she with a embrace . sandro good . it 's better if it be absurd . that would mean nothing much can be do about it . claudia but just think -- the very same thing you have say to she who know how many time ... maybe even just before we leave , while I be wait outside you place ... sandro so , even if I do say they , I be sincere with she , as I be now with you . move by sandro 's remark , Claudia lift she head and look deeply into he eye . the statement reveal he as be someone quite different from the person she have imagine he to be , and at the same time , it open up for she a new way of look at thing . shake he head , and with much tenderness , he say : sandro I have never see a woman like you , who need to see everything so clearly . at the sound of a man 's voice come from behind he , sandro turn and see a gentleman with two large package under he arm , point to a bell - cord dangle on the side of a door nearby . man Excuse I , but would you mind pull that cord for I ? sandro pull the bell - cord and the sound of a bell be hear inside . man thank you . the door open and the gentleman quickly step inside . sandro look up at the building . sandro at one time , all this house be convent . he take Claudia by the arm and pull she away towards the square , then look attentively around the area . bath in the soft twilight , the building and the church border the square reveal themselves in all they beauty . sandro and Claudia climb up the step of a church building and from there gaze at the scene . gradually he allow himself to be overcome with enthusiasm . sandro look ! what a fantastic scene ! what movement , what disorder ! they be very much concerned with scenographic effect ... a extraordinary sense of liberty ... there be a moment of silence during which he continue to look at the scene before he . then , give voice to a sincere think , he exclaim : sandro really , I have get to stop this business with ettore ... I would like to go back and start work on my own project again . you know , I have many idea ... claudia and why do you drop they ? sandro once they give I a job to draw up a estimate for the construction of a school . it take I only a day and a half to finish it , and I get pay six million lire . ever since then I have be do estimate for other people 's design . Claudia look at he as if she be about to render judgment , and sandro become aware of it . sandro why be you look at I like that ? claudia I be sure you would be able to design some very lovely thing . sandro I do not know about that . and then , who 's interested in beautiful thing nowadays ? the last word be speak with a deep sense of sadness , sandro avoid Claudia 's glance . he laugh to himself and for a while remain silent . he take another look up at the dark outline of the building , then turn to Claudia . sandro Claudia , let 's get marry ? claudia ( astonished ) what ! get marry ? sandro yes . we will get marry . you and I . what do you say ? claudia what do I say ? what can I say ? no . at least , not yet . I do not know ... I can not even think of it ... at a time like this ... oh , but why do you have to ask I ? sandro you look at I as though I have say something foolish ... claudia and be you sure you want to marry I ? be you really sure ... that you want to marry ... I ? sandro that 's why I ask you ... claudia so ... oh , how I wish that everything be so much simpler ... that people could just come together by the color of they hair or the size of they shoe . what size shoe do you wear ? size 9 . that 's a very lovely size . but I be sorry , I wear size 8 . sandro smile and playfully ruffle Claudia 's hair . she also smile , then slowly they both head towards the hotel . *** it be morning inside the Hotel Trinacria . Claudia have just have breakfast in she room and be almost finish dress . it be a rather large room , set out with old piece of furniture . the place be in a state of disarray , and the door lead into sandro 's room be wide open . because of the general disorder , Claudia be unable to find she stocking . but instead of be angere by this , she appear quite jovial and laugh gaily . as she continue to look for she stocking , sandro appear in the doorway . sandro be you ready ? Claudia come up to sandro and gaze upon he with a look of adoration . claudia ( ironically ) but why be I so infatuated with you ? sandro ( smile ) hurry up now , or it will begin to get hot outside ... claudia yes , yes , yes , yes ... right away ... she start look hurriedly around the room again but be still unable to locate she stocking . suddenly , up from the street come the sound of music . it be a popular tune , wild and rhythmic , emanate from a publicity truck as part of some local advertising stunt . Claudia be overtaken by the music and cannot resist the temptation to do a little dance for sandro . Little by little , she start sway back and forth to the music . then , kick off she shoe , she begin to dance around the room in she bare foot . sandro look at she , amused but also somewhat impatient . sandro ( leave ) okay . I understand . see you later . Claudia rush up to the door , and feign a exaggerated attitude of despair , say : claudia and you leave I here all alone ... in this hotel room ... sandro as soon as you be ready , you can come down and catch up with I . I will be wait for you right outside on the square . Claudia be in a playful mood and she be anxious to demonstrate she exuberance . claudia ( teasingly ) very well . but you must first tell I that when you go out without I it 's like go out without one of you leg . go ahead , have a look around the town all by yourself , but you will have to hobble along on only one leg . and you must also tell I that you be fill with a great desire to embrace my shadow on the wall ... then you must tell I ... ( suddenly she tone of voice change and she become quite serious ) you must tell I that you love I . sandro reply with the same good - nature tolerance with which he have be watch Claudia as she dance she coquettish dance . sandro but you know it already . why must I tell you ? claudia so , you wonder why ? without wait for he to answer , she go back towards the center of the room and once again start look around for she stocking . sandro begin to leave . sandro then I will see you later . claudia okay . in a few minute . sandro go out the door . Claudia finally locate she stocking and proceed to finish dress . *** sandro come out of the hotel and cross over to the sunny square . he start strolling down along a street which lead to a baroque church that open up to a wide flight of stone step . Beyond this step be a small dead - end street that run up against the faade of a large and magnificent old building . a few foot away from the faade , seat on a bench in the shade , be a old coachman whose horse be stand beside he with its head deep in a sack of hay . sandro go down the flight of step and approach the door of the old building which be close . he ring the bell but there be no answer . then he notice a time schedule post on the door indicate visit hour . after glance at it , he walk over to the seat coachman . sandro it 's close . be not there any custodian or caretaker inside ? coachman ( apathetically ) nobody there . sandro but it say it 's open from 9:30 to 10:30 . , and it 's ten o'clock now ... that 's a fine way to greet tourist . coachman tourist ? last year a few frenchmen come here and they all walk around in they bathing suit . so they be make to understand that it be better if they do not come at all . sandro shake he head and be about to say something but he see the door open and a man appear . sandro go over to he . sandro be you the custodian ? custodian yes , come right in . sandro enter and find himself inside a large courtyard of noteworthy architectural design , though somewhat in a state of decay . the custodian go on he way and sandro walk further into the courtyard where two young man be study the architecture . on hearing sandro 's footstep , they turn around for a moment , then resume they observation . they be , in fact , young architectural student busily engage in take note and copying certain architectural detail . they do this with a extraordinary interest , almost with a sense of religious zeal . sandro continue to stroll through the courtyard . his footstep be the only sound to be hear disturbing the otherwise absolute silence . the two young student exchange word between each other but they speak in faint whisper , almost as though they be inside a church . sandro gaze up at the arcade , the column , the window . he be obviously fill with a painful sense of regret , resentful and bitter . he turn to look at the two young student who be deep in they study and ignore he presence . but he be unable to ignore they ; they plainly annoy he . in a certain sense , they humiliate he . he turn away and head towards the exit , walk on the tip of he toe so as not to make any noise . then he go out , quietly close the door behind he . *** in the hotel lobby , a may be clean and dusting , and at the same time , sing little snatch from a popular romantic tune . the hotel manager , who be busy write something in the register behind the desk , look up and say : HOTEL manager go ahead , keep right on sing ... disappointed , the may immediately stop sing , and the manager resume write . but she quickly look up again as she hear footstep come down the stair . it be Claudia . HOTEL manager ( to Claudia ) Excuse I for interfere , but I have hear about that girl ... here in this place one get to know about everything ... that girl you be look for ... why do not you try ask at the youth hostel in pergusa ? almost all the young girl travel through here end up there . Claudia be immediately interested to hear this bit of news and be about to ask for additional information . but she be suddenly distract by sandro who enter the lobby at that very moment . claudia I be just come out to meet you . how come you be back so soon ? sandro do not answer but merely shrug he shoulder . then he take Claudia by the arm and gently lead she towards the stairway . he have a worried expression on he face and remain absolutely silent as he start climb the stair . as they walk through the corridor , Claudia look at he anxiously , wonder what be wrong . claudia sandro ... what 's the matter ? sandro nothing . he open the door to he room and usher Claudia in . as soon as he enter , he take off he jacket and throw it on a chair . then he walk over to the window and close the shutter . then , without say a word , he turn to Claudia , grab she in he arm and squeeze she . Claudia smile , and playfully yell " ouch ! " then he go to kiss she but Claudia try to resist but do not succeed . this little struggle stimulate sandro and be enough to make he forget all reserve . he drag Claudia on to the bed and force she to lie down . claudia no , sandro ... please ... sandro why ? claudia no reason why ... but sandro hug she and kiss she again . this time , Claudia let herself be kiss . claudia what 's the matter with you ? sandro only respond by kissing she again . then Claudia yield . sandro be angry and excited , as though he want to take he resentment out on Claudia . claudia sandro , wait a moment , just one moment ... you seem like a entirely different person ... sandro and be not you pleased ?... that way you will have a new kind of adventure . wound , Claudia push he away with all she might , and exclaim : claudia what be you say ? sandro I be only joke , really ... can not I make a joke ? and now you have get to tell I why you do not want to . claudia oh , sandro ... I want everything you do . but ... she stop short , then turn aside and reach out to touch he jacket on the chair , look into the pocket , not with curiosity but with a sense of love . sandro grab she by the shoulder and force she to turn around . sandro but what ? Claudia remain silent , then get up from the bed , and in a subdued tone of voice , say : claudia do the hotel manager speak to you about that place nearby ? sandro yes , she start to but I do not feel like stay to listen to what she have to say . if we have to listen to everybody ... claudia no , sandro ... we should go . besides , we have not be in touch with anybody . not even with Anna 's father . we should have at least send a wire or telephone ... let 's be fair , he must be feel awfully lonely . sandro I do not doubt it . but at a time like this we be the least suitable person to be with he . and as far as telephon he ... who know where he be ? there be a moment of silence , then Claudia start head towards the door . claudia come , let 's go . pack you thing , and I will get mine ready too . *** it be evening . sandro 's car be pull into the town of taormina on its way to the San Domenico . it come to a small square and pass by a group of man and woman seat on the step of a ancient ruin . they be dress in evening clothes and be laugh and giggle . the car turn into the street of the San Domenico and stop in front of the hotel . a porter immediately come out and open the door . Claudia and sandro get out and head towards the small courtyard that lead into the foyer . the lobby be full of activity and alive with people dress in formal attire . Claudia be clearly intrigue by everything she see : the surroundings , the people , etc . sandro approach the reception desk as Claudia walk slightly ahead , anxious to see what be go on . the sound of music be hear come from one of the hall at the other end of the lobby . there be obviously a party underway : further on , through a glass partition , couple be see dance . suddenly , Claudia stop . directly up ahead , she notice Patrizia . as soon as she see Claudia , Patrizia come to greet she , smile . patrizia well , I be look for somebody else and who do I find but you . Claudia smile and they both kiss each other on the cheek . claudia how be you ? instead of answer , Patrizia take Claudia by the hand and lead she over to a bench along the side of the wall and sit down . Claudia remain stand , somewhat annoyed by the crowd of people around she . claudia should not we try to find a quieter place ? patrizia quieter ? oh , yes , of course . Patrizia rise and lead Claudia out to a terrace that overlook the entire bay which be dot with light . Claudia take in the view but she attention be still focus on Patrizia . she wait from one moment to the next to have question throw at she , but Patrizia remain silent . so Claudia turn around and look at she as though to say : come on , say what you have to say and let 's get it over with . but Patrizia smile at she sweetly and only murmur : patrizia you look so wonderfully tan . Claudia feel relieved and press Patrizia 's hand , almost with a sense of renew friendship . sandro appear from behind the glass partition and come out on the terrace to greet Patrizia . patrizia and here 's sandro . ( he kiss she hand ) why do not you two go upstairs and change ? sandro yes , we will . they leave the terrace and go through one of the hall towards the corridor that lead to the room . Claudia walk ahead , with Patrizia and sandro follow slightly behind . the hall be still pack with people . patrizia do you manage to find good room ? sandro they do not seem too good . patrizia you should have tell ettore . he always manage to get what he want . sandro ettore must be feed up with I by now . patrizia oh , no , not at all . and then you know very well that he will forgive you anything ; just as long as you admit to he that you be a worse driver than he be ... Claudia look at sandro , assure by Patrizia 's reply . she remain thoughtful for a moment , then ask Patrizia : claudia how do you manage to put up with all this confusion ? you always say people bore you . patrizia you should not always take I seriously . actually , I be use to it by now . first my mother and now my husband ; both of they be like dynamo . sandro you mother ? patrizia yes , even I have a mother . she be part austrian , but she be still my mother . my childhood be like a tennis match ; they bounce I back and forth , here and there ... claudia my childhood , instead , be a very sensible one . patrizia what do you mean by sensible ? claudia it mean be without money . Patrizia and sandro burst out laugh , and sandro reach out and ruffle Claudia 's hair . they have arrive in front of a room that be situate on the ground floor , and be greet by a hotel clerk who be wait for they with key in hand . the door be already open and Claudia be about to enter . patrizia see you soon , then . sandro nod yes and Claudia wave so long , as Patrizia take she leave . Claudia enter the room behind the clerk , and sandro follow . Claudia stop in the middle of the room , as the clerk go through he various duty with professional exactitude : he turn on the light , draw the window curtain , check to see if there be enough hanger in the wardrobe , then finally open the door to the adjoin room , into which he disappear . all he movement seem completely automatic . sandro ( comment under he breath ) you see ? just like a robot . then sandro enter the adjoin room , where the clerk have in the meantime turn on all the lamp and perform all the other little duty . sandro start to undo he tie . Claudia remain stand in the middle of the room , listen to all of sandro 's movement in the other room . a knock be hear at the door of sandro 's room and sandro be hear say : sandro come in . a few second later , the porter also enter Claudia 's room with she baggage . she open the valise and start take out she nightgown and other necessity . her gesture be slow and imprecise because fatigue have overcome she . several moment pass , and sandro appear at the door in he pajamas . claudia sandro , listen ... try not to get yourself too involved tomorrow . sandro be not you go to change ? claudia you say you want to quit work for ettore . sandro shrug he shoulder without , apparently , give much think to Claudia 's statement . he go into the bathroom say : sandro sure , that 's what I say ... the sound of the shower run be hear . sandro wow , it 's ice cold ... Claudia go up to the door adjoin the two room and stop at the doorway of the bathroom that be situate between the two room . claudia sandro , I be not come down . sandro why ? claudia I be too sleepy . sandro sleep be something one must learn to overcome . I learn how to do it when I be a child . I never sleep . and I have friend who even sleep less than I do . the one who go to bed first , pay a penalty . and we really do not do anything . after see a movie , we would go to a cafe and discuss thing for a while ... then we would sit down on a bench somewhere ... listen to some drunkard ... watch they put up poster or manifestoe ... or look at the sheep pass by ... or go for a stroll around the market place ... or else we would go and wake up some girl in the neighborhood by stand in front of she window and call out she name ... Claudia have be listen to sandro with she head lean against the door jamb , she eye close . as soon as sandro stop , she go back to she bed and start undress . sandro come out of the bathroom , wear a bathrobe , and go over to Claudia , say in a affectionate tone : sandro you be that sleepy , eh ? what time do expect to get up tomorrow ? claudia late , very late . Claudia disappear into she bathroom , and sandro return to he room . after a while , he voice be hear . sandro do you know that when I be a boy I want to be a diplomat ? can you imagine that ! I , a diplomat ? it 's strange but I never think I would be rich . I see myself live in a rooming house , full of geniuse ... Claudia have slip into she nightgown and return to she room . sandro be hear clear he throat , and then continue . sandro instead , I have two apartment , one in Rome and one in Milan . as far as genius go , it 's a habit I have never form . what do you think of that ? sandro reappear at the doorway , already half dress . Claudia slide into bed and stretch herself out under the cover . claudia I look at thing differently ... but maybe it 's best we talk about it some other time . do you mind turn off that light over there ? sandro turn out the lamp on the table while Claudia close the main switch . the room be envelop in darkness . sandro approach the bed and bend over Claudia to kiss she . sandro good night , my love . claudia good night . tell I that you love I . sandro I love you . claudia tell I once more . sandro I do not love you . claudia ( smile ) I deserve it . sandro go towards the door , then turn and smile . sandro that 's not true . I love you . he return to he room , close the door behind he . he seem somewhat meditative , as though the little discourse he have just deliver have in some way touch he deeply . he also seem a little sad . then he put on he tie and jacket , light up a cigarette , and go to the door . *** sandro come out of he room and walk along through the corridor , head towards the reception hall down at the other end . other person be walk up and down the corridor in both direction . sandro 's attention be attract by the figure of a woman who be come he way at a rather quick pace . she be wrap in a tight - fitting evening dress that emphasize the various harmonious part of she body . sandro look at she . he seem to recognize she but be not quite sure who it be . the girl pass alongside of he and apparently she too have the same impression , for she give he a look that last much longer than it normally would between two complete stranger . she stop in front of a door but before enter , she cast another glance at sandro , who suddenly recall that she be the same woman who have almost provoke a riot in the street of Messina and who be force to take refuge in a man 's shop . there be a moment of hesitation , then the girl open the door and disappear into the room . sandro continue on ahead until he reach the bar , which be still very crowded . even clothes of all kind . shiny silk . jewel dangle from wrist , neck and ear that be either white or bronze by the sun . shoe of silver or lustrous black . headdress of many woman -- high , cropped or short and bobbe . Men with hair well groom but also frequently muss . a vast , tumultuous wave of people , all wealthy and respectable , talk , laugh and carry on as though the whole wide world be right there and everybody in it be like they . snatch of witticism . face of pass people . hand reach out for glass . the expression on the face of the barman , smile and indifferent . the sad , sullen face of the cloakroom attendant . the dumbfounded look on the face of a thirteen - year- old elevator boy . sandro feel very much at home in this milieu . one think so little , forget so easily . and thing be so conveniently ignore , beginning with one 's own self . sandro move through the crowd , here and there . stand next to the orchestra be a girl in black pants , sing strange song in a soft , suggestive voice . sandro encounter ettore . as soon as he see sandro , ettore come over and place a arm around he shoulder , almost in the form of a embrace . ettore well , finally ... come , I will introduce you to my friend . sandro I want to take a look around first ... I will join you later . ettore say , I hope it 's understand that start tomorrow morning , I will need to have you around . if you do not give I some figure to work with , how can I proceed ? sandro agree with a nod of he head . but he be thoughtful and somewhat sadden . as ettore return to he friend with whom he have be speak and laugh , sandro look at he almost with a sense of rage . then he go back to the bar and order something to drink . he be not aware that the girl from Messina be just a few yard away and be watch he . she be extremely tan , extremely voluptuous , and extremely beautiful . sandro move away from the bar with the glass in he hand . he pass in front of a semi-dark room and take a peek inside : a television set be turn on but nobody be watch it . sandro be restless . he come to a terrace and stop to look down at the illuminate dock below . the headlight of car pass by fan out across the road that run along the shore of the sea . with a angry gesture , sandro finish he drink , gulp the whiskey down in one fast swallow . he squeeze the empty glass in he hand as though he have want to crush it . *** the early ray of dawn be faintly see come through a window at the far end of the corridor . Claudia come rush out of she room and run over to Patrizia 's door . she knock , then without wait for a response , she enter . claudia Patrizia ... Patrizia ... where 's ettore ? patrizia I imagine he must be inside sleep . claudia would you please see if sandro be with he ? he 's not in he room . I be sorry to disturb you . Patrizia get up out of bed and go into the adjoin room . patrizia ettore ... ettore what be it ? patrizia nothing , nothing at all . I be just look for sandro . ettore and you expect to find he in here ? go and ask Claudia . patrizia yes , yes , of course . she return to she room . claudia Patrizia , I be afraid . patrizia more or less , we be all afraid . especially at night . claudia I be afraid that Anna have come back . I feel she 's back , and that they be together . patrizia but what 's get into you ?... we would have know . sandro must be out in the garden somewhere , take a breath of fresh air , or watch the break of dawn . it would be a lovely surprise indeed if he turn out to be the sentimental type . Claudia sink down into a chair , weak and exhaust . patrizia now , listen . for God 's sake , try not to let yourself become obsessed with that idea . go to you room and get back into bed . claudia just several day ago , the think of Anna be dead would have make I sick . and now , I do not even cry , I be afraid she might be alive . everything be become so damned simple and easy , even to deprive one 's self of pain and suffer . patrizia you should never wish to get melodramatic over anything . claudia yes , you be right . I be sick and tired of be like that . Claudia get up and leave the room . she continue walk down along the corridor , check here and there . but the hotel be desert . there be still a few light on in the reception hall but not enough to illuminate the place adequately . finally , she reach the main hall and stop . the only sign of last night 's party be a certain disorder in the placement of the armchair and ashtray fill with cigarette butt . even the main hall seem completely desert . but all of a sudden , Claudia become aware of something move on a sofa at the far end of the room . she take a few step , walk silently over the thick carpet , so as to get a better look . there seem to be a slight movement among what appear to be a jumble pile of male and female clothes , partly hide from view by the back of the sofa . Claudia go up still closer because she be not able to see clearly what or who it be . only that she have the impression of have see that suit before ... a man 's suit . she be now able to distinguish what it be : a couple embrace and kissing . Claudia approach still closer . she be now just a few step away . Little by little , as she advance , she face take on such a painful look of astonishment that she appear almost petrify . she hesitates and bump up against a little table that make a small noise . the couple on the sofa come out of they embrace and look up . the man be sandro ; the woman be the girl from Messina . sandro look at Claudia as though he be fill with terror . the girl , instead , seem quite amused . Claudia remain for a moment , stare at they as if she can not believe she own eye , and be incapable of make any move . then , she abruptly turn away and start run . she run through the main hall , the reception room , the courtyard , and out into the street . there be not a soul to be see . no sound . the day be break clear and serene . Claudia come over to a bench with its paint all peel off , but she do not sit down . transfix , and with she eye almost wide open , she stare out at the sea , and at the wave which be also a mystery unto themselves . footstep be hear approach from behind , but Claudia do not even bother to turn . it seem that nothing could distract she from that painful state of shock which be write all over she face . a young laborer in overall , carry a small bundle under he arm , pass by , glance at she with a look of curiosity . he walk a few pace ahead , then turn around to look at she again as though she be some kind of strange creature . the sound of footstep die down in the distance , and everything be silent once more . there be only the gentle lap of the wave as they roll up against the shore . Claudia be completely oblivious to the scene . several bird swoop down emit they small cry . a sudden but almost imperceptible sea breeze ripple Claudia 's hair . other footstep be hear approach : slow , heavy . Claudia be still not stir from she thoughtful , trance - like state . the footstep come to a halt directly behind she . it be sandro . he appear thoroughly crestfallen . he do not even have enough courage to look at Claudia . his face be wear and disfigure , like that of a tired old man . and he let himself fall limp onto the bench . they both remain completely motionless , without look at each other . and detach : Claudia stand , sandro seat . behind they , the skeleton of cement . further off , the sea . gradually , Claudia turn she head towards sandro . her eye be fill with tear . she look down upon he as though he be something that greatly pain she . she move up closer to the bench . sandro do not budge a inch . Claudia reach out to he with she hand , then slowly , gently , and with a overwhelming sense of desperation , she caress he hair .