LA LA land written by damien chazelle fade in ... a sun-blast sky . we hear radio -- one piece of music after another ... we be -- 1 ext . 101 freeway - day Cars be at a standstill . it 's a horrific traffic jam . Morning rush hour . Sun beat down , asphalt shimmer in the heat . the blow - out downtown L.A. skyline hover in the distance . we drift past more car . hear one snippet of audio after another ... one driver tap he steering wheel to prog rock . another sing to opera . a third rap along to a hip - hop track . we move from a radio interview to a french ballad to techno , until finally we begin to hear ... ...a new , original piece of music ... [ another day of SUN ] we settle on the car from which this new tune be play . the driver be a young woman . she hum along to the riff on she radio -- then start singing . then -- she exit she car . then -- she start moving down the lane . one by one , more driver join she -- singing and dancing along . without a single cut , we have find ourselves in a full - fledge musical number ... driver leap on car-top , dance Jerome robbin - style , make use of the road and the hot gleam of the automobile . arm sway , foot bang , dancer darting , as the music blast . we weave and swirl and dart between and around the car , take the magic in ... finally -- all the driver swing back into they vehicle -- and the song come to a dramatic stop . flash title card : winter A1 we settle on a new car . a 1983 dodge riviera . in it be sebastian , 32 , L.A. native . he 's listen to the radio . he 's play a track on he music system -- a tape of thelonious monk 's " japanese folk song " . but he keep stop it , over and over and over -- always rewind to the same exact spot . revision 2. b1 omit c1 we drift from he car to one further up ahead . a light - green 2005 prius . Inside be mia , 27 , nevada-raised . six year of " no " in L.A. have toughened she , but she 's still a dreamer . she seem to be on the phone , speak into she car 's system . fast , fiery , full of energy -- mia ... and I swear to God , she be wreck . it be pure insanity . Mia stop . thinks . mutter to herself : " insanity " ... then lean down and grab a piece of paper from the passenger seat . it 's a script . mia ( cont 'd ) ( read now ) pure lunacy . oh God , I know ... just then -- the traffic around Mia start to let up . she 's too focus on she line to notice . then -- a long , sustained honk behind she : ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhht . Mia come to . jerked back to reality . the honk car behind she swerve into the next lane . it 's sebastian . Mia give he the finger . we then follow she as she drive ... 2 omit 3 omit 4 int . coffee shop - day Mia work , photo of Hollywood icon on the wall behind she , as -- customer # 1 this do not taste like almond milk . mia do not worry , it be . I know sometimes it -- customer # 1 can I see the carton ? Mia hand it over . the customer look . customer # 1 ( cont 'd ) I will have a black coffee . Mia get the coffee . quickly sneak a look at a script hide underneath she counter . the same one we see in she car ... revision 3. she hand the coffee to the customer . we follow the customer out through the door -- as a woman walk into the shop . we do not see the woman 's face , but we see all the eye in the shop turn immediately to she . we see one customer whisper to another , discreetly point as the woman pass by ... woman cappuccino , please . Mia nod . get it make . the manager take it from she . manager on we . woman no , I insist . she pay . then smile at Mia and drop a bill in the tip jar . Mia watch as the woman walk off , be join by a studio employee on a golf cart outside -- we realize this coffee shop be on a studio lot -- and be drive away ... then -- Mia 's phone ring . it read : " mom " . Mia press " ignore " and the time pop up on the phone 's screen : 4:07 . mia shit . removing she apron and hurry out , turn back as -- manager where do you think you be go ? mia it 's -- five past ... manager you would better be here early tomorrow . mia ok . -- then realize she do not have she script , run back to grab it , hurry on and then -- crash into a table . coffee and food spill all over she shirt , and all at once we be -- 5 int . audition room - day Mia 's in a thick winter coat , cover she stain shirt . on she cell , loudly laugh while she adrenaline surge -- mia ( cont 'd ) and I swear to God , she be wreck . it be pure lunacy . oh God , I know ... revision 4. her nerve be practically visible . as she talk , we pull back -- to see that she 's audition for a casting director . mia ( cont 'd ) no , no , Turner 's fine . so you -- be you wait `til Denver to tell she ...? ( as she smile contract ) oh. I see ... ( silence ; she clenches she jaw ... ) no , you be right . I understand . ( ...and a tear fall from she eye ) ok ... I just ... oh ... a assistant appear through the glass on the door behind Mia , wave to the caste director : yoohoo . can I come in ? mia ( cont 'd ) ( cry now ) no , I be happy for you ... I -- I just -- casting director one second . Mia stop . the caste director wave the Assistant in . the Assistant scurries in , show she boss a post - it . Mia stand there , try to hold onto the tear , hold onto the emotion , as the caste director read the post - it and think . casting director ( cont 'd ) ... I will call she back . tell she I be almost do in here . the Assistant nod . walk out . Mia wait , try to maintain ... casting director ( cont 'd ) you know what ? I think we be good . thanks for come in . Mia look at she . a beat . 6 int . lobby - day Mia exit . nerves still on edge . pass one beautiful redhead after the next -- all get ready to cry . enter the elevator with two other women -- tall , statuesque . also redhead . 7 int . mia' apartment - early evening Mia enter . exhausted . head to she room . revision 5 . Old movie poster hang on the wall , include a big ingrid bergman one over the bed . there 's also a shelf fill with act book -- uta hagen , stella adler . various other trinket : a old globe , a old blue- and - red suitcase . Mia take off she shoe . a blister on she sole . 8 we CUT to : Mia in the bathroom . just shower , wrap in a towel . she hum to herself . the mirror be fogge up . she turn off the vent . the mist on the glass thicken . she dab some of it away . dim the light . look ... with the fog in place , she reflection look like one of that soft -focus old Hollywood close -up . she hum as she brushes she hair ... then -- the door swing open -- and the spell be break . tracy Holy mother of God . Mia snap out of it . turn . fog be envelop tracy , 27 . tracy ( cont 'd ) ever hear of a vent ? mia I want to give you a entrance . alexis ( appear in the hall , 26 , eat cheeto ) Mia ! how would it go ? mia eh ... alexis same here . be Jen there ? or Rachel ? mia I do not know who Jen and Rachel be . alexis they be the worst . mia I do not know if they be there . as Mia slip away -- alexis I bet they be . revision 6. caitlin ( appear , 27 ) why be there a convention in the bathroom ? tracy two minute , people ! Mia you be come , right ? we pan to find Mia poke she head out of she bedroom -- mia can not . work . tracy ( o.s. ) what ? ( we pan back to Tracy ) do she say " work " ? a8 we follow Mia inside she room . she close the door . take a moment . you can tell in she eye -- work or not , a night on the town be the last thing she want to do now . b8 we CUT to the hallway , to find Tracy pounding on Mia 's door . mia ( open up ) yes ? tracy look , I know thing do not go well today . there be four thing in my inbox that you be perfect for and I will submit you . but right now -- you be come . c8 with that -- she barge in and beeline to Mia 's closet -- tracy ( cont 'd ) it will be fun . mia it will be a bunch of social climber pack into one of that glass house . tracy exactly . fun. she pull out a blue dress . as alexis hurry in -- tracy ( cont 'd ) mia this look familiar . I be go to give it back ! alexis move from Mia 's perfume to the dress , lighting up as she grab it -- revision 7. alexis come on , Mia . when else do you get to see every Hollywood cliché cramme into a single home ? tracy ( faux - offended ) lex ! I be disappointed in you . there 's nothing to make fun of . this party will be humanity at its finest . Mia roll she eye -- and , with that -- Tracy break into song . [ someone in the crowd ] she play - act the clich this party will represent . alexis and caitlin join in , giddy and playful . Mia can not help but laugh . the roommate sing and dance , hope to persuade Mia to join the night 's revelry ... Mia remain reluctant . stays behind in she room as she roommate head out the door . but she 's start to wonder : a night at home , feel sorry for herself -- or a night out with she friend ...? 9 ext . apartment build / STREET - night we be outside now , and back with Tracy , alexis and caitlin , march across the courtyard and toward the street . they sing , dance , half - assume Mia be a no - go -- -- until Mia appear , blue-dress -clad . her roommate look at she in surprise -- then delight . the energy swell and the four character dance they way together down the street . they dive into a single car , and we dissolve to ... 10 omit . a10 omit . 11 ext . CITY - night a old - fashioned montage of a night on the town : neon sign and overflow champagne glass . soon enough , we be at ... 12 ext . modern hilltop house - night valet car line up . we follow alexis , Tracy , caitlin and Mia to the door ... 13 int . / ext . hilltop house - night ... and into a big-glass hilltop pad . we follow Mia as she take in she surroundings . revision 8. a d.j. turn table . a fat old producer dance with a twenty-something . a trio of agent glad -handing each other in rhythm by the bar . yep -- every cliché be here ... Mia try talk to a pair of women -- who promptly ditch she . see she 's now alone , a young man swoops in to hit on she . she make a hasty exit toward the bar -- but the line 's obscenely long . she near the bathroom door -- but a couple stand in she way , make out . she slip in behind they ... a13 Inside the bathroom , Mia take a moment . the joy of second ago be go from she eye now . she gaze into the mirror -- -- and sing by herself . this verse , sung in private , belong to a new style : less brash , and far more vulnerable ... once finish , Mia take a breath , steel herself to once again face the world , open the door -- and rejoin the crowd ... b13 we move with she slowly now -- surround by the party , but everything set at a snail 's pace , the craze carouser move in slow motion . it 's the sadness underneath the revelry , the pain underneath the clich ... gradually we ramp up . follow Mia outside , where we see the splash of blue-green that be the pool -- and a flurry of fake snow fall from above ... as we reach full - speed , a party - goer race to the edge , jump -- -- and we plunge with he into the pool . this be the climax of the number . everyone join in , circle the pool -- a swath of color against the black sky . everyone dance , everyone sing -- and the song conclude with a blast of firework . c13 omit a14 ext . STREET - night Close on a sign : " no parking anytime : tow - away zone " . revision 9. mia ( o.s. ) no ... we see Mia -- all alone , stare at the sign . no car in sight . she reach into she purse , pull out she cell phone to call Tracy . it 's dead . mia ( cont 'd ) no ... 15 omit 16 omit 17 omit a17 omit b17 omit 18 omit 19 ext . hill / los angele street - night Mia trudge down the steep hill in she unwieldy heel . she 's a hour-and - a- half walk from she place . she cross road and lot , navigate stretch where the sidewalk stop and give way to shrubbery . A19 and then -- she hear something ... Music . a piano , in the distance . and a melody -- one we will come to know very well ... without be sure why , she follows the SOUND . pass several door . then stop . have find where it 's come from ... she reach out -- and slowly open a door ... and we CUT right back to : 20 ext . 101 freeway - earlier that morning ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhht . the same 101 traffic jam we begin with . this time we be on sebastian -- the honker . he pass Mia 's car . she give he the finger . he drive on , shaking he head ... 21 omit 22 ext . rayo be - moment later sebastian sip a coffee as he gaze across the street -- at a 30 's Deco building . a sign above the door : " van beek " . a new sub-head below : " tapas &amp ; tune " . revision 10 . the door open . two employees step out , set up a valet stand . sebastian watch they -- and shake he head . the employee notice he . recognize he . what be it with that guy ...? 23a omit 23 int . sebastian' apartment - day sebastian enter he apartment -- cramped , dingy , bare wall , no furniture or decoration , box fill with dusty black - and - white photograph and unused instrument on the floor , a black steinway upright piano in the center of the live room -- and see a woman rummage around . sebastian you gotta stop break into my home . she look up . she 's 37 quickly go on 50 , and dress like she do not care . this be LAURA , sebastian 's older sister . LAURA you think Mom or dad would call this a home ? see that she 's seat on a stain , decrepit stool -- sebastian please do not sit on that . LAURA be you serious ? sebastian yes. hoagy carmichael sit on that stool . the bake potato be gonna throw it away . LAURA I wonder why . ( then , rise , ) I bring you this . it 's a throw rug . sebastian do not need it . LAURA yeah ? what if I tell you mile Davis piss on it ? sebastian that 's almost insulting ... ( then , ) do he ? revision 11 . she shake she head : unbelievable . toss the rug to the side . LAURA when be you go to unpack this box ? sebastian when I unpack they in my club . LAURA oh my God . it 's like a girl break up with you and you be stalking she . ( then , look at he --) you be not still go by there , be you ? sebastian no . a beat . then -- sebastian ( cont 'd ) they have turn it into a tapas-samba place . you believe that ? LAURA seb -- sebastian who want to tapas while they samba ? LAURA I have someone I want you to meet . sebastian I do not want to meet anyone . LAURA you will like she . sebastian uh-huh . do she like jazz ? LAURA probably not . sebastian then what be we gonna talk about ? LAURA you will talk about the weather . sebastian ok . then I have someone I would like you to meet . he 's get a face tattoo , but a heart of gold . revision 12 . LAURA sebastian -- sebastian how long 's it be ? LAURA you need to get serious . you live like a hermit . you be drive without insurance . sebastian I be serious . I have a very serious plan for my future . it 's not my fault I get shanghai' . LAURA you do not get " shanghai' " , you get rip off . sebastian what 's the difference ? LAURA it 's not as romantic as that . ( she start to walk off ) and everyone know that guy be shady except for you . sebastian why do you say romantic like it 's a dirty word ? LAURA unpaid bill be not romantic . call she . she head to the door . he follow she , will not give it up -- sebastian you be act like life 's get I on the rope -- what you do not understand be , I want to be on the rope . I be let life hit I `til it get tired . then I be gonna make my move . it 's a classic rope - a-dope . Laura can not help but laugh . stop by the door . look at he . LAURA I love you . unpack you box . sebastian I be change the lock . revision 13. LAURA ( out the door with a smile --) you can not afford it . she 's go . sebastian think for a beat , then call out -- sebastian I be a phoenix rise from the ash ! no reply to he triumphant declaration . he shut the door . look again at the napkin . thinks . toss it in the trash . a23 int . sebastian' apartment - later moment later . sebastian take a slice of pizza from the fridge , pour himself some more coffee , place a thelonious monk lp onto a record player , and sit down at the piano . " japanese folk song " -- the piece we hear in he car -- play ... sebastian play along . stop . move the record back a few bar . start it again . Plays the same passage over . stop . move the record back a second time . Plays the passage again . stop . over and over , just like in he car -- until , finally , he get it right . he keep play , louder now , and we be -- b23 omit 24 omit 25 omit 26 omit 27 int . restaurant - night a red-booth bar-and -restaurant . Christmas decoration all over . sebastian step in . immediately beeline over -- boss seb. sebastian ( put on a smile ) Bill . thanks for have I back . boss you welcome . stick to the set list . revision 14 . sebastian of course . ( under he breath as he head to the piano ) though I do not think they care what I play . boss I do , and I do not want to hear the free jazz . sebastian how `bout one for you , one for I ? or two for you , one for I ? ( the boss just glare ) or all for you , none for I ? ok , that work . good deal . sebastian sit down at the key . a waitress pass by . waitress well ... welcome back . sebastian there 's a nice way to say that . with that -- he start play " jingle bell " . 28 int . restaurant - later the restaurant 's demographic have change . it 's now young straggler wander in . sebastian look beyond bored . he finish " we wish you a merry Christmas " . Zero applause . he begin a new chart : " deck the hall " . but something seem to come over he now . he 's restless . slowly , he play drift off -- he finger chart they own path ... and then -- we hear a melody . the one Mia hear outside . the one we will refer to from now on as Mia and sebastian 's song ... the door open -- and Mia step in . she see sebastian at the piano . be instantly strike by he play . [ mia and sebastian' theme ] gradually -- all sound but the music drop out . we drift away from reality . even the wall seem to go slightly darker -- as though sebastian and Mia be all alone ... he conclude he piece with a jumble of chord , he play almost free jazz now , as we pull back to real life ... ... and see the boss look on in scorn . revision 15 . sebastian finish . silence . Mia look like the wind have be knock out of she . sebastian look up for a second -- and see she . they look at one another . just a moment . then -- the boss tap sebastian on the shoulder . we stay on Mia as she watch sebastian rise with the boss . we just see the boss talk to sebastian , can not hear what be say . then , we get closer -- and realize : boss ... every goddamn night . sebastian be silent . then , do not want to have to beg but -- sebastian I will stick to the set list , I promise -- boss too late . you be do . sebastian you be not gonna find a better player . you know that . boss ( lean in , and --) do you think anyone here give a shit ? with that , the boss walk off . we linger on sebastian . anger give way -- to hurt . he start hurry toward the door . back to Mia -- who do not hear what be say . she watch sebastian -- take a breath , so move that she 's about to lay it all out -- swoops in to corner he -- and -- mia I just want to say -- I see you play , and I -- -- but sebastian just walk right by -- he shoulder bump against Mia 's for a add measure of disdain . he head out the door . slam it shut . Mia be leave stand on she own . she look like she 's just be slap . smash CUT to black . revision 16 . spring 29 omit 30 int . audition room - day Mia audition . Pilot season cattle - call -- a series of soul - crush try-out . she 's pander to the hilt . Quick glimpsis : mia ( cont 'd ) I do not like the fissure on the gt scan . do you test for achromatopsia ? 31 then , a second audition -- mia ( cont 'd ) d.o.a. on 23rd , perp laugh he face off at p.d. damn miranda rights . 32 and finally , a third audition -- mia ( cont 'd ) this be my classroom . you do not like it , the door 's to my leave . reader ( o.s. ) ( a well - dress forty - year - old woman read from side ) Lady why you be trippin ' like that ? mia no , jamal . you be trippin' . 34 ext . party - day Mia wander around another party . a bad 80' cover band play . tracy there you be ! you need to meet someone ! Carlo , this be Mia . Mia , Carlo 's a writer . carlo tracy Nice to meet you , Mia . he 's get project all over town . carlo ( shrug , faux - modest ) they say I have a knack for world - building . mia ( take this in ; then --) congratulation . I have to grab a drink ... revision 17 . she slip away . press toward the bar . the music get louder , more obnoxious . she peer toward the band to get a look ... and then she see he . sebastian . play keyboard - guitar for the band . dress up like he band - mate in a bright polyester outfit . and hat every second . the band finish , and the singer address the ( thin ) crowd . singer alright , one more for y'all before we break . do I hear any request ? mia " I ran " . sebastian turn . see Mia , look at he with a defiant grin , enjoy she power . he think -- then recognize the face . singer " I ran " it be . ( to sebastian ) wanna start we off , piano-man ? sebastian stay silent . mortify . finally , so reluctant , he tap he keyboard to count the band in and begin play . on the key , it 's a single note , repeat measure after measure . Mia know this . sebastian look at she . she smile right back . singer ( cont 'd ) I walk along the avenue ... 35 ext . party / int . house - moment later set break . sebastian hurry from the key -- enter the house , look both way , finally spot Mia and -- sebastian ok . I remember you . Mia look at he . one eyebrow raise . yeah ? sebastian ( cont 'd ) and I be sorry if I be curt that night . mia " curt " ? sebastian ok I be a asshole . I can admit that . revision 18. mia ok . sebastian but request " I ran " from a serious musician -- it 's too far . mia my God . do you just call yourself " a serious musician " ? sebastian ( beat ) I do not think so . mia can I borrow what you be wear ? sebastian why ? mia because I have a audition next week . I be play a serious fire - fighter . sebastian ( irritation building --) so you be a actress . that make sense . have I see you in anything ? mia uh ... the coffee shop on the Warner Brothers lot . that 's a classic . sebastian oh , you be a barista . well now I see how you can look down on I from all the way up there . singer ( pop in from nowhere ) sebastian . second set . sebastian look at Mia . she smirk . please . the Singer walk off . sebastian he do not tell I what to do . mia he just tell you what to do . sebastian I let he . revision 19 . a beat . sebastian ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? mia Mia . sebastian Mia . guess I will see you in the movie . he head back to the key , and the band resume : singer never see you lookin ' so lovely as you do tonight ... 36 ext . party / STREET - night the party 's finish . sebastian exit , pull out he key , as we drift and see a long line to the valet . stand way in the back , wait , be Mia . she 's stick once again with carlo , who 's regaling she -- carlo ... goldilocks from the point of view of the bear . Home -invasion thriller . Fox and warner be go crazy for it . Mia spot sebastian , pass by the valet with he key . carlo ( cont 'd ) ... we be go after charlize . for the bear . we be flipping it . feel like a franchise . but the thing be it 's ground . mia ( to sebastian ) George Michael ! sebastian stop . look at she . surprise . sebastian you again . mia do you just get you key ? sebastian think . see the valet . play it off -- sebastian ... yeah . revision 20 . mia can you grab mine ? sebastian ... which one be it ? mia the prius . a beat . sebastian turn to the valet 's box . motion to the valet : sorry . one second . look . all the key be prius key . mia ( cont 'd ) the one with the green ribbon . another beat . sebastian find it . grab it . 37 ext . STREET - night Mia and sebastian trudge up a hill line with car . Mia aim she key fob . no beep . sebastian point he own key , also aim for a beep . silence . they have be at this for a while . mia ( cont 'd ) ( almost trip in she heel ) shit ... sebastian that look comfortable . mia they be ... not . a beat . she aim again . no beep . mia ( cont 'd ) thank you for save the day back there . sebastian you do not give I much of a choice . mia strange that we keep run into each other . sebastian it be strange . maybe it mean something . mia I doubt it . sebastian yeah I do not think so either . revision 21 . on that , Mia aim again . as always -- no beep . notice -- sebastian ( cont 'd ) put the clicker under you chin . mia what ? sebastian demonstrate with he fob . he look idiotic . sebastian it turn you head into a antenna . probably give you cancer , but you find you car more quickly . mia uh-huh . sebastian you do not live as long , but you get thing do faster , so it all even out . mia oh my God . just then , they reach a clear -- and the CITY skyline appear below . a ribbon of light , stretch as far as you can see . it 's the most romantic sight imaginable . they look at each other . a beat . and then -- mia ( cont 'd ) eh. they walk on , the light shimmer behind . sebastian not much to look at . mia agreed . I have see better . and on that -- they sing . [ a lovely night ] Mia and sebastian try to downplay the romanticism of this set , this moment -- be lose here , at night , alone together , atop a hill , the city glitter before they . it 's " no big deal " , nothing they have not see or feel before -- because , after all , there 's no chance for romance between they ... of course , the music , swell and building , suggest otherwise . Mia tire of she heel , find a bench and fish for flat in she handbag . sebastian sit beside she as she slip the flat on . they look at each other , suspicious ... revision 22. he move he foot . she move hers . they look at each other again . still suspicious ... he move again . she move again . they seem to be move in sync -- without they even want to ... and -- bit by bit -- before we eye -- they have almost slip into dance ... sebastian rise . Mia rise as well . the two look at each other . run back to the bench , hop atop it -- the light stretch out like a magic carpet . they share a moment -- share a look -- jump off -- and start really dancing now ... Mia do a move , sebastian respond . sebastian do a move , Mia shake she head : " nope " . they make the road they own , grow more and more energize , as surprised as we be to find -- ... that they can really dance together . just as this start to look like a blossoming romance , real joy peek through , we two heroes get closer and closer and closer , look at each other almost giddily ... ... a sound cut through . it 's a cell phone ring . Mia and sebastian turn -- to she handbag , back by the bench . snapped out of it , Mia head over and pull out she cell . mia ( cont 'd ) hey ... greg ...? can you hear I ...? yeah , I be just leave now ... k , see you soon ... she hang up . look at sebastian . a awkward silence . finally -- she press she fob again . put it under she chin this time . a beep can be hear . they see she prius . mia ( cont 'd ) ah. great ... well ... do you want a ride to you car ? sebastian no , that 's fine ... thanks ... mia ... ok ... not sure what else to say , she head to she vehicle . wave . mia ( cont 'd ) night . sebastian wave back . Mia drive off . fast. silence ... revision 23. look even more disappointed than he think he would be , sebastian walk on for a bit -- then retreat back down . a37 come to a stop across from the party , and we see he riviera -- right , it seem , where he know it be all along . he pull out he key -- they do not have a clicker after all . 38 omit 39 int . coffee shop - day close on -- customer be this pastry gluten -free ? Mia 's at work . a typically chaotic day . mia no ... customer what ?? I want a refund . Mia nod , head to the manager -- manager you be close up Friday . mia I have a audition . remember ? manager do I look like I care ? reschedule it . mia but you say -- manager and fix you apron . with that , the manager walk off . Mia be silent for a moment -- want to talk back but need this job -- then turn -- and see sebastian at the counter . mia ... hi. ( then ) what be you do here ? sebastian meeting . Studio head . revision 24 . mia uh-huh . how would you get on the lot ? sebastian piece of cake . Mia look at he . he 's sweat through he shirt . a beat . sebastian ( cont 'd ) actually it take I four hour and I end up run . we probably have twenty minute before the guy find I . you get a break come up ? Mia laugh . a moment . mia I be off in ten . sebastian great . I will hide in the bathroom . 40 ext . coffee shop / studio lot - day Mia exit , apron off . she and sebastian start walk . she point across the street -- to the façade of a parisian apartment . mia that 's the window ingrid bergman and humphrey bogart look out of in casablanca . sebastian nod . they start walk . sebastian what 's you bogart 's name ...? ( Mia look at he ) be it greg ? mia yeah . greg. sebastian how long have ...? mia we have be see each other for a few month . a awkward beat . they pass a wooden SALOON -- where a western be be shot . extras in cowboy costume drink coffee on the step . revision 25 . mia ( cont 'd ) I love this stuff . make come to work easier . sebastian I know what you mean . I get breakfast five mile out of the way just to sit outside a jazz club . mia oh yeah ? sebastian it be call Van beek . the swing band play there . Count basie . chick webb. ( then , ) it 's a samba-tapas place now . mia a what ? sebastian samba-tapas . it 's ... exactly . the joke 's on history . Mia laugh . sebastian ( cont 'd ) anyway , that 's l.a . they worship everything and they value nothing . they reach a patch of green . another shoot . a p.a. yell out : p.a. clear the frame ! mia ( to sebastian ) we need to wait here . sebastian I know . they shoot movie on my street . " c-stand . " " Apple box . " " do not forget to sign out . " Mia laugh . a beat . a.d. ( o.s. ) quiet on set ! Mia and sebastian watch the camera roll . then , in a whisper -- sebastian how would you get into all this ? revision 26 . mia into ...? oh -- I -- my aunt be a actress . she be in this travel theater company ... and there be this little library across the street from my house when I be grow up . this be Boulder City , nevada -- every house look exactly the same . I be ten and already I need to get out . and one day , my aunt fly into town , and she show I the library 's old - movie section . we spend a whole day watch one after the other . bring up baby . notorious . casablanca . ( a beat ; then , ) I never know the world be so big . director ( o.s. ) cut ! Mia and sebastian resume walk . now , at full volume -- mia I start put on play in my garage . I would write the script and print up program , and she would give I prop to use from wherever she would just be -- New York , London , Paris . and then she would jet off again and I would not hear from she for another year . sebastian who would you invite to watch ? you parent ? mia God no -- I do not invite anyone . that would have be terrifying . c40 CUT to : the entrance to a giant soundstage . mia ( cont 'd ) honestly , I wish I love something else . I have try so hard to want other thing . she and sebastian stop . peer inside the stage . mia ( cont 'd ) I leave school after two year to come here , my fourth manager just drop I , and my last audition be for a teen soap pitch as dangerous mind meet the o.c. ( a beat ; then , deadpan --) should have be a lawyer . revision 27 . they resume walk . d40 CUT to : a row of close soundstage , sandy - tan against the bright blue sky . sebastian ...` Cause the world need more lawyer . mia well it do not need more actress . sebastian you be not just a actress . mia what do you mean , " just a actress " ? sebastian you say it yourself , you be a child - prodigy playwright . mia that be not what I say . sebastian you be too modest to say it but it 's true . so you could write you own role . write something that 's as interesting as you be . mia last thing I write be a stand - up routine for a open-mic night . it be horrible . sebastian all I be say be -- Louis armstrong could have play the march - band chart he be give . what do he do instead ? he make history . mia ok , I will stop audition and make history instead . sebastian laugh . mia ( cont 'd ) anyway -- I be get a feel there 's something I should tell you ... sebastian yeah ? revision 28. mia I hate jazz . sebastian stop . turn to she . sebastian what do that mean ? " I hate jazz " ? mia it mean when I listen to it I do not like it . sebastian but it 's such a blanket statement . it 's like say " I hate animal " . mia I do hate some animal . sebastian do you need to be anywhere right now ? Mia look at he . we hear drum . a swinging ride pattern . and we be in -- 41 int . lighthouse cafe - day -- a old - school jazz club . it 's almost empty , only age jazz cat here -- except for Mia and sebastian , watch a quartet ... sebastian ( cont 'd ) most people say they hate jazz because they do not have context . they do not get where it come from . all this people pack into flophouse in New Orleans , speak five different language , and jazz be how they talk to each other . mia I think it be just Kenny G. sebastian ... what ? Mia look at he . already know just how to get to he . mia I associate it with facial . it 's relax . sebastian it 's not relax ! sid bechet get into a gunfight `cause somebody tell he he play a wrong note ! revision 29 . mia ( lay it on thick ) right , but it 's good to talk over . where I grow up there 's this jazz station they would play at cocktail party whenever they serve the salami and cheese . sebastian Mia . this be thing you can not unsay . she burst into laughter . sebastian point to the band -- sebastian ( cont 'd ) it 's not cocktail music -- it 's a high - wire act . this guy be perform and compose and rearranging all at once . a beat . Mia look at the band . we drift over the instrument ... sebastian ( cont 'd ) that 's why you need to be in the space and see what 's at stake . this whole thing -- it 's die . in twenty minute they ' will head off to cut commercial session or do pit at the pantage `cause they have to -- but when I have my own place -- my club -- they will play whatever they want . Mia look at sebastian . her laughter have subside . she can see something in he now -- the same passion he 's speak of ... mia you club ? sebastian ... it 's gonna be the old Van beek . I be get the lease back . it will be perfect . he watch the band . lose in the sound . then -- sincere -- sebastian ( cont 'd ) the world tell everyone to move on . say the music 's have its moment . but I love it too much . I be not move on . the band finish . the ride cymbal sizzle in the air ... sebastian ( cont 'd ) so ? he look at Mia . she 's visibly move . just then -- we hear a beep . Mia look at she phone . revision 30 . 42 int . side corridor - lighthouse cafe - continuous mia hi , I just miss a call ... 43 int . lighthouse cafe - moment later Mia step out , daze . sebastian 's listen to a new tune . he spot Mia , turn to she -- as , shouting over the music -- mia ( cont 'd ) I get a call - back ! sebastian really ? for what ? mia that show I tell you about . sebastian dangerous mind meet the o.c.? mia right . it 's -- actually more like rebel without a Cause . sebastian that 's amazing ! " I get the bulletsssss ! " Mia laugh . but sebastian can tell something in she laugh ... sebastian ( cont 'd ) you have see it , right ? mia obviously . ( a beat ; then --) no . sebastian what ? you be the movie person . mia it 's the one I lie about . sebastian come on . you can not do this audition and never see rebel . the theater near I 's play it . if you want -- I can take you . for research . mia ( consider this ) ... ok . revision 31 . sebastian 10 pm Monday at the rialto . cool ? mia ok . ( another nod , take it in ) for research . Mia look at he -- he look at she -- each of they suppress a newfound giddiness ... and on that -- 44 ext . lighthouse cafe - evening Mia and sebastian exit . Wave " good -bye " . we follow sebastian . he round the corner , near the hermosa Beach pier ... ... and begin to sing . [ CITY of star ] lifted by a strange new feel -- a feel he be not expect . the feel that perhaps -- just perhaps -- he 's fall in love ... he gaze out at the sea , the purple sky . dance with a old couple , then continue on he way , as though catch in a dream . there 's a uncertainty in he sing -- he 's not sure if this dream will sustain . but for now , it 's a beautiful feel ... the music simmer down -- and we fade out . 45 ext . audition build - day a pasadena building . as Mia approach the door , another cell ring . it 's she mom . this time , Mia be happy to get the call : mia ( cont 'd ) hi , Mom ! mia' mom ( o.s. ) hi , sweetie . how be you ? mia great , actually : I get a call - back on a pilot . mia' mom ( o.s. ) oh my God ! you be go to be on tv ?? mia well -- it 's not pick up yet . mia' mom ( o.s. ) not pick up ? mia first they make the pilot , then if they like the pilot it go on tv . revision 32 . mia' mom ( o.s. ) and you be in the pilot ? mia well , no , I have a call - back . mia' mom ( o.s. ) I see ... do not you audition for a tv thing last week ? mia it 's another audition . mia' mom ( o.s. ) I see ... so you might get a role in a thing that might one day be put on tv ... mia ... well when you put it like that it sound like a huge accomplishment . mia' mom ( o.s. ) no , I do not mean that , it 's so exciting . what channel ? ABC ? HBO ? mia oxygen . mia' mom ( o.s. ) oxygen ? mia you know what , I have to go . I love you . she hang up . take a deep breath . enter the building . 46 int . waiting room - moment later Mia sit , start review she script . look around she -- the room be fill with actress silently mouthing there line . it 's a bizarre sight : a dozen woman move they mouth , with no sound come out at all . what 's more , they be all in variation of the same type of costume : Michelle pfeiffer 's leather jacket from dangerous mind . a few stare at Mia , size she up . in the corner , another one of they grunt while perform stretch . then -- a door to the side open , and Mia can hear -- director ( o.s. ) ... we will be see you very soon . revision 33. a actress exit . absolutely beam . and then , a bored voice -- assistant Mia dolan ? 47 int . audition room - moment later Mia step in . the pilot 's director be seat at a table , look in he folder at Mia 's head - shot . he look up at Mia . director whenever you be ready . Mia breathes in . heart pound . sweat percolate . have be practice this for day now . Fighting she nerve , she begin -- mia two option . follow my rule , or follow my rule . kapish ? you want to bully , you would best be ready to get bully -- director thanks . Mia be take aback . mia I can do it another way -- director no , thanks , that be great . we linger on Mia for a moment , and then -- 48 ext . parking lot / int . mia' car - day crestfallen , humiliate , Mia hurry to she car . see a voice - mail on she cell . Plays it -- mia' mom ( o.s. ) dad just help I find oxygen on the guide ! so exciting ! so will you be get health insurance now ? Mia switch she phone off and drive . clench she jaw . turn leave and see a movie theater . the rialto . manage a smile . something she can remain upbeat about ... revision 34 . 49 int . mia' apartment - day Mia in she room , sorting through outfit . slip into jeans -- alexis Mia ? -- then spin around , startle . alexis be at the door , eat frito . have be cry . alexis ( cont 'd ) ( with difficulty ) greg 's here ... Mia look at alexis -- completely confuse . then -- greg step out behind alexis . wave to she . greg hey ... I be park out front . but we should hurry , my brother just land . Mia look at he , still confuse . then remember . greg ( cont 'd ) do you forget ? mia shit. no. yes. I will change ... greg ( smile ) it 's ok . Mia close she door -- turn -- and we see she face . she 's crush . she go to call sebastian -- then freeze . remember something else . she never get he number ... we linger on she face , as , on he phone outside she door -- greg ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) josh ! yep , just pick Mia up now . will be there in twenty . 50 int . lighthouse cafe - night sebastian 's play a jam session . excite , distract . 10 pm can not come quickly enough . 51 int . jar - night Mia , in a green dress , with greg , he brother josh , and josh 's fiancee . the restaurant be posh , modern . josh wear a brook Brothers suit : he seem better- off than he brother . revision 35 . josh that 's right -- but now we have get a surround - sound set - up , so it 's like -- fiancee it 's like be in a movie theater . josh it 's better than go to a theater , really . you know theater this day -- greg oh , sure -- josh -- they be so dirty , and they be either too hot or too cold , and there 's always people talk , which be just -- ( he phone buzze ) -- just so annoying , I mean you be try to watch a movie -- one second -- ( open phone ) hello ?... his fiancée smile , look at greg and Mia , proud . fiancee probably work . josh yeah , I will have to call you back . ( close and pocket he phone ) so , yeah , we love it . awkward silence . Mia have not speak a word . 52 ext . rialto movie theater - night sebastian pace . people shuffle in . he look . no sign of Mia . 53 int . jar - night midway through the meal . Mia be bored , restless , uneasy . josh ( cont 'd ) one word for you . Nicaragua . greg I have never hear anyone say that . be it amazing ? revision 36 . josh oh my God . a five - star jungle eco-resort . it be unbelievable . Mia stay quiet , in she own thought , the voice around she fade away . and then she hear it -- come from the restaurant speaker , peek out subtly at first : the melody we now know so well ... her and sebastian 's song . she freeze . the radio music seem to have morphed into the melody , and the tune stir something deep within she ... a few second pass . and then she can not deny it any longer . it 's clear as day to she now . she rise from she seat -- greg Mia ? -- look at greg -- mia I be sorry . -- and -- as the sound of a full orchestra swoop in -- -- run out of the restaurant as fast as she can . 54 ext . jar - night the music swell , string carry we through and lift Mia 's spirit as she run down the street in she green dress , for once absolutely sure of what she 's do ... 55 int . rialto movie theater - night Inside the rialto , sebastian settling into he seat , the show about to begin . he 's visibly disappointed that he 's alone . the light dim . projector light cut through the darkness . and then , as the movie 's credit start up , sebastian spot , out of the corner of he eye , a figure in the aisle ... he look . the figure turn . look at he . it 's Mia . and , catch like a freeze - frame in the projector light , she green dress incandescent , the giant movie screen behind she like a great piece of back - projection , she look more beautiful than ever right now . a true old - fashioned screen siren . sebastian 's eye go wide . he 's surprised . and thrilled . he wave . Mia hurry toward he . take the seat next to he , as rebel without a Cause begin ... revision 37 . 56 int . rialto movie theater - later half a hour have pass . the movie play , light flicker on Mia and sebastian 's darken face . he put he arm on the armrest , she move hers nervously . he scoot to he right , she scoot back . she edge she elbow onto the armrest , he move he arm . inch by inch , they body grow closer . hand approach , breath quicken , heart pound ... ... until finally they hand touch ... and then , suddenly -- just as James Dean and Natalie Wood arrive at griffith observatory , and Mia and sebastian seem about to kiss -- -- burn mark streak they way across the image . the screen go blank . silence . the light go on . Mia and sebastian turn around . audience member start murmure . sebastian can barely believe he bad luck . but then Mia turn to he . energize . mia ( cont 'd ) I have a idea . 57 ext . road - night sebastian 's car , travel up a wind road , star glitter above it , the light of Los Angeles glitter below it . the sky be a deep , paint blue . Music play ... [ planetarium ] the car be bend around the turn , make its way up to ... a57 ... the real griffith observatory . there , we music crest . we two character get out of the car and wander , search for a open entrance . they find one -- and sneak in ... 58 int . griffith observatory - continuous they ascend a staircase . make they way past the exhibit -- the tesla coil shoot off electric bolt . they reach the pendulum , gaze up at the mural above it , look at one another . Circle the pendulum , and then -- so tenderly , so nervously ... revision 38 . ... they begin to dance . this be a dance that fulfill all the promise in they earlier duet . they circle the floor , gently and gracefully . the music build , and they drift into ... a58 ... the planetarium . it 's darken , empty . Mia remove she shoe , feel the soft carpet under she foot . turn on the projector . the screen start to glow . she and sebastian take in the sight -- the star and galaxies ... enchant , they look at one another , the light from the screen reflect on they face . they approach , as though about to kiss ... when -- -- Mia 's shoe lift up . float toward the ceiling -- toward the star-filled screen . she and sebastian trade look . realize . and then they too begin to float ... ... rising from the floor , nothing stop they . soaring past the view of comet and moon and nebulae . eye wide , they emotion seize , as they hold each other tight ... and so unspool a gravity - free dance . Mia and sebastian spin and twirl through the planetarium as though they themselves be in outer space , fly through the cosmos . the music carry they higher and higher , and they spirit likewise soar -- joyous , exuberant -- until , finally ... ... the music softens . Mia and sebastian drift back to the floor like feather . they land on a pair of seat . there , once again seat like audience member at a movie , they turn and look into each other 's eye . the music pick back up for the big finish , as the lover lean in and -- in true movie - movie old - Hollywood big-musical fashion -- -- lock lip . it 's they first kiss , and it 's a kiss to remember -- full of all the hope and yearn and terror and wonder of love 's first blush . a swoon - worthy kiss , with the orchestra soar and the camera swoop in to catch the embrace in all its glory . on this triumphant moment ... ...we Iris fade out . revision 39 . 59 omit 60 int . mia' apartment - live room - day Mia 's scribbling in a notebook . it 's dialogue . we see character heading , scene heading . seem to be some kind of a script ... tracy ( o.s. ) what 's that ? Mia turn . Tracy have wander in -- pajamas , eat cereal . tracy ( cont 'd ) be that a script ? mia it 's a play . I be go to put it on myself . alexis ( o.s. ) ( chime in from she bedroom ) a play ? you better give we role ! mia actually -- it 's a -- it 's a one - woman show ... a beat -- and then -- ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhht . honking outside the nearest window . it 's a honk we recognize : tracy ... be that gonna happen every time ? mia ( glow ) I think so . a60 omit 61 ext . mia' apartment build - day Mia dash out -- and leap into sebastian 's car and into he arm . they kiss -- giddy , emotional , as though they would be separate for year . sebastian drive off -- when -- mia ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's one - way !! the car screech to a stop in front of a truck go the opposite direction . sebastian go into reverse as Mia crack up laugh . a burst of music as a title card pop on : revision 40 . summer the music carry we through the follow series of glimpse : 62 -- Mia and sebastian amble past weathered 30 's bungalow in bunker hill ... 63 -- Mia guide sebastian down a street pepper with silent - era home , past old gas-lamp and palm ... 65 -- van beek . sebastian gesture to the " tapas &amp ; tune " sign . excitedly try to deface it . Mia , aghast , pull he back ... 66 -- the huntington garden , where Mia and sebastian gaze at the tiny forest ... a66 -- watt tower , where the two lover stroll and kiss ... 67 omit 64 -- the grand central market , where they grab food ... 68 -- angel' flight at night , where they stumble and slip into a tipsy , love-soaked dance ... 69 omit intersperse throughout , we see image of los angele : 1940 's high -rise , green movie-movie lettering , ochre wall shade by palm frond , red flower and Spanish mission , old lamp and Art Deco hotel . it 's a gorgeous city , and the music only make it more gorgeous -- building and carry we to ... 70 int . lighthouse cafe - night a lighthouse jam session . sebastian 's at the key , have a blast . the place be again mostly empty , but Mia be dance she heart out . she shoot look at sebastian . he laugh , play out for she . the two of they be in they own world -- one of pure , unadulterate joy ... the song end . sebastian rise , join Mia . they sit down as the band strike up a new tune , and kiss . keith ( o.s. ) sebastian ? Mia and sebastian look up , startle . a young man , 35 , be stand next to they . tall , fierce eye . this be keith . sebastian keith ? revision 41 . keith Holy shit . come here , man . sebastian get up . give he a hug . but Mia can sense a unease in sebastian 's eye . it 's a strain hug . sebastian this be mia. Mia , keith . ( explain to Mia ) we use to play together . keith mia hey , mia. hey ... sebastian sit back down . want to end the conversation . keith so how have you be ? sebastian great . you ? keith keeping busy . get a new combo . sebastian good for you . keith ... look for key . sebastian ( after a beat ) I be good . keith you sure ? it pay . sebastian look at keith . a moment . sebastian I be good . keith almost smile . expected this . keith let 's just grab a drink then . call I . it 's be too long . sebastian you bet . keith Nice meeting you , Mia . revision 42 . mia Nice meeting you . keith walk off . Mia and sebastian look at each other . then -- 71 int . sebastian' apartment - night close on mia . she look anxious . close on sebastian . he look head - over -heel in love . sebastian it 's beautiful . mia ... you be just say that . sebastian no ... I be not . we pull back -- and see a script on Mia 's lap . she 's just finish read sebastian she play . mia I do not know ... be the whole thing too nostalgic ? sebastian that 's the point . mia but do you think people will like it ? sebastian fuck `em . mia ( laugh ) you always say that . sebastian I truly believe it . mia Fine -- as long as you sit front - row `cause I will probably throw up on the middle of the stage otherwise . sebastian I will be front-row . Mia look at he . smile . it genuinely mean the world to she . then , a glow in she eye , want to reciprocate -- revision 43. mia I make something for you . she hop off the bed , fish through a bag . pull out a draw . sebastian what 's that ? mia it could be the name design . on the door . sebastian why do it say " seb 's " ? mia that 's what you should name it . sebastian never . mia sebastian , no one 's go to a club call " Chicken on a stick " . sebastian you do not get it . Charlie parker get the name " Bird " because he love chicken . so my club 's gonna be old - school jazz and beer and chicken . " Chicken on a stick " . mia no . Drop the chicken . drink and jazz . ( he roll he eye ) and it 's time to start look for other place . sebastian it 's gotta be Van beek . I can not let they samba all over its history . mia make you own history . sebastian look at she . appreciate that line . a beat . then -- sebastian you play 's incredible . Mia smile . he approach she , sit by she side . sebastian ( cont 'd ) the whole world from you bedroom ? who 's do that ? revision 44 . mia I be do that . they laugh . mia ( cont 'd ) so who be that guy at the lighthouse ? sebastian ... which guy ? mia the one who offer you a gig . sebastian you mean keith ? he 's the worst . mia why be it weird between you two ? sebastian it 's always weird with he . mia he do offer you a job . sebastian right ... mia be you go to call he ? sebastian no . a beat . mia ok ... a moment pass . they lie down , side by side . sebastian here 's what we know . it 's definitely Chicken on a stick -- ( Mia roll she eye ) -- and you play be go to be a triumph . she look at he . he look at she . a share smile . and on that -- revision 45 . 72 int . sebastian' apartment - morning the next morning . sebastian be in bed . hear snatch of Mia 's voice -- she 's on she phone in the other room : mia ( o.s. ) ... no , Mom , it 's a one -woman show ... no , I be act in it as well ... no , I be not get pay , I be pay to do it ... ( then , ) he 's great ... he 's go to open he own jazz club . it 's go to be incredible ... ( beat ; then , softer --) well he have to get the money together first , and ... he 's figure it out ... yeah , it 's just be a little tricky lately ... sebastian listen . take it in . mia ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) look -- he 's go to find a way to open it and you be go to love it . ok ? how 's dad ? on sebastian . he think ... 73 int . rehearsal space - day sebastian enter . keith 's combo be assemble . it 's a sign - up practice room in the West Valley . there 's a drummer , electric bassist , and trumpeter : cole , malcolm and tom . they be more polished in they look than sebastian . well - groom beard , tighter jeans . keith sebastian . sebastian approach . keith ( cont 'd ) do not know if I would see you today . sebastian ( a bit awkward ) well ... here I be . a moment . then -- sebastian ( cont 'd ) where 's the piano ? keith gesture -- to a electronic keyboard . sebastian wince . revision 46 . keith here 's the deal . we have get distribution with universal , get we own imprint . we be about to go on the road . we can cut you in for 1 k a week while we tour , plus a equal share of any merchandise or ticket revenue that come in . sound good ? we see sebastian 's face . taken aback . keith ( cont 'd ) sebastian ? sebastian yeah , that ... that ... ( beat ) ... sound good . a moment . keith smile . keith let 's play , see how it feel . he pull out a guitar . Cole start on drum . keith join in . malcolm and Tom follow suit . sebastian listen . it sound like modern jazz -- electronic in feel , but still jazz ... sebastian approach the keyboard . join -- slowly , one step at a time . then begin play out a bit more , he finger start to race . malcolm give keith a look : " damn " . keith give malcolm a look back : " I tell you so . " bit by bit , sebastian ease into the groove . this be not so bad ... then -- keith move to a laptop . introduce a drum-machine sample . sebastian , into the music , be catch off -guard . uneasy now . this be not he ... keith play a riff on he guitar . Tom echoe it on bass , then malcolm on trumpet . now it 's sebastian 's turn . he hesitates . and then -- finally -- he play the riff ... it do not feel so bad . the guy build on the riff . sebastian keep up with they , try to let go of he presupposition . after all -- this guy can play ... the music build , the whole thing swell and finally carrying US to -- a73 later : sebastian and keith sit across from each other as the other player pack up . sebastian look pensive . notice -- revision 47 . keith ( cont 'd ) I know . it 's different . sebastian stay silent . then , lean in -- keith ( cont 'd ) but you say you want to save jazz . how be you go to save jazz if no one 's listen ? Jazz would not exist if people have not get tired of what they be listen to before . ( then , ) I mean , do you really think a bunch of ninety - year-old in a basement be the future of the form ? traditionalist whine when Kenny Clarke start drop bomb . if traditionalist have they way , we would still be play dixieland . sebastian consider this . as much as he might make a play of resisting -- we can tell the word be get to he ... sebastian you be hold onto the past . but jazz be about the future . a moment . then -- keith I get it . I get it wrong . last guy be not as good as you . but you be a pain in the ass , man . sebastian nod . know he can not argue with that . another beat . keith ( cont 'd ) if it 's not you thing , just let I know . I do not want you uncomfortable and try to change this into something it 's not . but if you want it -- the job 's yours . sebastian look at keith . a moment . he 's really weigh this . and on that -- he look of uncertainty -- we be -- 74 omit 75 omit 76 omit 77 omit revision 48. 77pt int . sebastian' apartment - dusk the door open . Mia enter . take a deep breath . hear piano . step forward and see sebastian at he piano -- play a melody we have hear before . [ CITY of star as duet ] she smile . sebastian begin to sing . Mia sit down beside he and begin to sing as well . they share a duet -- simple , unaffected , hopeful -- the music just perhaps suggest they uncertainty about what they might be about to do ... as the vocal give way to instrumentation , we be -- a77 omit b77 omit c77 omit 78 int . diner - day sebastian and keith hunch over paperwork . sebastian sign ... a78 int . coffee shop / studio lot - day Mia hand the manager she apron . she 's do with the job ... 80 int . practice space - day the band rehearse in they new practice space . we see sebastian play , see keith sing this time ... 79 int . cafe - day Mia hunch over she script , obsessively fine-tuning it ... 81 omit 82 omit 83 int . designer clothing store - day sebastian get dress up in a new suit ... 84 int . black - BOX theater - day we follow Mia through a black - BOX theater in North Hollywood . the space be small , simple -- but perfect . we see she haggle with the owner -- and then light up . they shake hand ... 85 int . GREEN room - evening sebastian and the band in a green room , wait . sebastian 's wear the new suit . look sharper ... revision 49 . 86 int . vintage shop - day Mia look for prop . another wild assortment -- a top hat , a cane , a diorama of London , roll - up map , a old globe ... 87 omit 88 int . apartment - day we move in on a laptop . on it a youtube video play -- a interview with sebastian , keith and the rest of the band ... 89 ext . rialto - day Mia drive by the rialto theater . it 's now close ... 90 int . sebastian' apartment - live room - night Mia sit on the floor , pencile out drawing for she play . costume and poster sketches scattered by she foot . she 's tired . the clock on the wall read : 10:54 pm . a90 int . sebastian' apartment - bedroom - night Mia get into bed . check she phone . turn off the light . b90 int . sebastian' apartment - live room - dawn sebastian enter the apartment . check he reflection in the mirror -- a new addition . the clock read : 4:57am . c90 int . sebastian' apartment - bedroom - dawn sebastian get into bed , careful not to wake Mia . d90 int . sebastian' apartment - live room - morning Mia cross through to the kitchen to get herself breakfast , careful not to wake sebastian . the clock : 7:02 be . e90 int . sebastian' apartment - bedroom - morning sebastian in bed , fast asleep . and we return to ... f90 int . sebastian' apartment - dusk ... Mia and sebastian at the piano , before this latest journey begin , finish they song . the last lyric resonate as they look into one another 's eye : sebastian mia City of star ... you have never shine so brightly . revision 50 . on that -- this image of love , sebastian play out the final chord on he piano -- we go dark . all sound fade out . and then , we hear -- -- a crowd cheering . [ start a FIRE ] we see -- a white spotlight . it reveal sebastian . we be -- 91 int . the echo - night sebastian be on-stage . he 's the only musician we can see . the floor beyond the stage be filled with people . among they , we spot Mia -- beam with pride . sebastian see she , smile to she as he play a piano intro . Mia grin right back , heart swell ... a second spotlight turn on , illuminate keith . he sing . he have a beautiful voice . Mia bob she head . it 's just keith and sebastian right now , all acoustic , a simple , catchy tune ... and then -- suddenly -- a drum machine surge in -- and -- boom ! the entire club be light up as the music explode . a full - fledge dance beat and a thick radio-ready electronic track . Mia be take aback . but she keep bob she head -- as the crowd around she goe crazy ... keith own the stage , as sebastian play out more -- now switch to a electronic keyboard , complete with synth sound . we recognize fragment of melody from when keith and sebastian first rehearse -- but the tune have be transformed beyond recognition . not a hint of jazz ... keith break into the chorus -- and a trio of backup singers be reveal stage - leave . the band surge into the song 's bridge -- and backup dancers appear stage -right , scantily - clad . and then -- the light go nut . it 's a full - out light show now , shaft of red , blue , green and orange cut through the dark . the crowd start cheering , pump they fist ... Mia look at sebastian . he 's not fight any of this . he see she . she smile . but something be change in she expression ... she look at the light , the singer , the dancer , sebastian and he bandmate in match magazine - cover - ready outfit . she look at the crowd around she -- they holler grow more and more frenzied as sebastian launch into a prolong solo ... revision 51 . Mia look back at he , take it all in : be this really he ...? as the mass of people swell and move , Mia find herself pushed to the side , bit by bit , away from the center ... she try to hold she ground , but be edge further and further away . sebastian , deep in he solo , do not notice . Mia tug against the tide of the crowd , but to no avail . she 's push to the back of the club , away from the light and into shadow ... the final chorus begin -- floor-shake , fist-pound . we linger on Mia 's face -- watch as the band feverishly tear into they climactic bar , the dancer on -stage and the crowd below busting out one last burst of craze choreography -- end the song just as we smash CUT to a title card over black : fall silence . we take a moment to collect ourselves before -- 92 omit 93 ext . / int . chinese restaurant - los angele - day close on Mia . she look tired . a bit weathered . she 's nursing a green tea across from Laura . they have finish eat . LAURA look at he -- watch -- Mia glance out the window . a man in he early 40' have just park , be walk around he car , inspect it . LAURA ( cont 'd ) now he 's go to check the other window . yep , it 's close . now he 's go to check again . yep , still close . Mia smile . the man enter the restaurant -- greet Mia -- and kiss Laura . this be harry . her new boyfriend . harry hey . I be grab some pastry , you two want anything ? mia thanks Harry , I be good . revision 52 . LAURA same here but I think someone 's try to break into you car . Harry roll he eye , head to the front . Laura look at Mia . LAURA ( cont 'd ) do not stress about the play . where 's seb now ? mia I think today 's San Diego . I be not sure ... a moment pass . LAURA you should come over tonight . Harry 's cooking , but do not let that stop you . ( Mia manage a smile ; a beat ) what 's the matter ? mia nothing ... LAURA you miss he . mia I guess . I be adapt . LAURA ( nod ; then , ) I get use to be alone . grow up it be just I and seb . we only have each other . mia he tell I . LAURA I be not look for anybody . then I meet Harry and -- we just fit ... ( Mia smile ) you have change seb . you know that ? Laura mean it positively -- but Mia seem concerned ... mia do you think he 's happy ? LAURA be he happy ? mia I mean with the band , the travel , all of it . revision 53. Laura shrug . LAURA we dad never get to do what he want . we be always tread water , he take a job run a washer - dryer store . but every night at home he would play he clarinet along to a benny goodman record . ( a beat ) so I look at sebastian ... play music , get pay for it . I be happy for he . she notice Harry through the window , return . her thought drift . LAURA ( cont 'd ) dream change . a beat . she look back at Mia . see she worry . LAURA ( cont 'd ) do not overthink it . he will be home soon . Harry rejoin the table . hand Laura a sponge cake . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I tell you not to get I anything ! harry oh , right -- I will eat it I guess . LAURA no -- I change my mind . they laugh . kiss. tender . love . Mia watch ... 94 int . diner - night Mia eat , she laptop next to she meal . she take a bite , type . we see she screen -- a e-mail draft , glimpsis of word : " one - woman show " , " one night only " , " 7 pm " , " I would be thrilled ... " she think . pick up she phone . dial sebastian . wait . no answer . mia hey it 's I ... not sure where you be -- maybe Boston ? or Dallas ? anyway ... I have not hear from you in a while ... I miss you ... ( a beat ) ok ... bye ... she hang up . resume type . revision 54 . 95 int . sebastian' apartment complex / apartment - night Mia walk through the courtyard . reaches the door . then hear something ... Music -- loud , fast jazz ... she enter -- have to jostle the door handle to do so -- -- and then freeze in place . sebastian be sashaying around a fully - deck table , lighting candle as he move . he look up , see she -- and grin . sebastian surprise . she light up . he lift up silver serve trays , revealing what he 's cook . roast chicken . pasta . sebastian ( cont 'd ) and ... ( he hurry to the kitchen -- and hold up a big apple pie ) there 's twenty - five pound of apple in it . it probably destroy a ecosystem but it taste good . Mia laugh . can not believe it . sebastian look at she -- sincere now . sebastian ( cont 'd ) I have to head back in the morning but I need to see you . Mia 's eye seem almost on the brink of tear . Beyond move , she run into sebastian 's arm . a long , heartfelt kiss ... 96 int . sebastian' apartment - evening close on : the record player . a old jazz track . we see Mia and sebastian seat at the table -- eat , drink , laugh . sebastian ( cont 'd ) feel so good to be home . mia stay . he smile . sebastian how 's the play go ? mia I be nervous . revision 55 . sebastian why ? mia because ... ( a beat ) what if people show up ? sebastian fuck `em ! laughter . then -- sebastian ( cont 'd ) you be nervous about what they think ? mia I be nervous to be up on a stage and perform in front of people . I be terrify . sebastian they should be so lucky to see it . ( then , ) it 's go to be incredible . I can not wait . mia I can . a smile . beat . mia ( cont 'd ) what time do you leave in the morning ? sebastian 6:45 . mia ugh . sebastian yep. boise . mia boise ? sebastian ( nod ) you should come . mia to boise ? revision 56 . sebastian yeah , you could knock that off you bucket list . Mia laugh . mia wish I could . a beat . sebastian why can not you ? mia come to boise ? sebastian yeah . mia because I have to rehearse . sebastian can not you rehearse anywhere ? she look at he . mia you mean anywhere you be ? sebastian ... I -- I guess ... mia well , all my stuff be here and my show 's in a few week and -- I do not know , it do not seem practical ... sebastian right ... I just -- we be go to have to do thing so we can see each other . we never see each other . mia I know , but when be you do ? sebastian ... what do you mean ? mia when be you do with the tour ? revision 57 . sebastian but -- as soon as we be do with the tour we go back and record , and then we go back on tour . Mia look at he . do not seem to understand . sebastian ( cont 'd ) we tour so we can make the record , and then we go back on tour to sell the record . beat . Mia take this in . mia so it 's ... the long haul ? sebastian ... what do that mean ? mia I mean the long haul -- like , you be go to be in this band for a long time . sebastian what do you think I be go to do ? mia I do not know , I do not think the band would -- sebastian you do not think we would be successful . mia no , that 's not what I mean . what I mean be -- this band -- you be go to be on the road for -- what , year now ? sebastian yeah , feasibly -- I could be on the road for year with just this record . beat . mia do you like the music you be play ? sebastian I do not know how that matter . mia it matter if you be go to give up you dream to be on the road for year . revision 58 . sebastian do you like the music I be play ? mia yes . I do . ( beat ) I just do not think you do . sebastian yeah , well , I -- mia and now I hear you be go to be on the road for year , and I be -- sebastian what be you do ? why be you do this ? mia what do you mean why be I do this ? sebastian this be what you want from I . mia to be in this band ? sebastian to have a steady job . mia yes , I want you to have a job so you could take care of yourself and start you club . sebastian so I be do that . so why be not we celebrate ? mia why be not you start you club ? sebastian you say yourself no one want to go to that club ! no one want to go to a club call Chicken on a stick -- mia Change the name ! sebastian -- and no one like jazz . not even you . revision 59 . mia I do like jazz now , because of you . sebastian ( not listen to she ) what be I suppose to do ? go back to play " jingle bell " so I can save money for some shangri - La club no one want to go to ? mia people will want to go to it ! people love what other people be passionate about . sebastian not in my experience . a beat . Mia realize she 's get nowhere . a moment of quiet . then -- sebastian ( cont 'd ) anyway -- it 's time to grow up . you know ? this be what I be do . if you have a problem , I wish you would have say something earlier , before I sign on the dot line . mia ( try again ) you have a dream that you be stick to , that -- sebastian this be the dream ! mia this be not you dream . sebastian guy like I go they whole life and never do anything that 's like . I be finally do something that people enjoy . what be wrong with that ? mia why do you care so much about be like -- ? sebastian ( finally burst - - ) you be a actress , who be you to talk ?? silence . we suddenly realize -- revision 60 . -- the lp have finish . you can hear the needle scratch against it now -- back and forth , back and forth . sebastian look at Mia . a moment . finally -- sebastian ( cont 'd ) maybe you like I more when I be a failure because it make you feel better about yourself . Mia look back at he . can not believe he say that . tear start to well in she eye . she try to suppress they . mia be you kid ? sebastian no . they stare at each other . then -- all of a sudden -- the FIRE alarm blare . sebastian turn and see smoke billow from the kitchen . a dish in the oven have start to burn . sebastian rise , spring toward the kitchen -- then see Mia grab she thing . sebastian ( cont 'd ) wait -- but she 's out the door . it slam shut , as sebastian pull the burnt apple pie from the oven . and on that -- we smash CUT to -- 97 omit 98 ext . theater - day a poster , place on the front of the theater we see before . a title . a name below it : " mia dolan . " and a word : " tonight . " we spot Mia , carry a box of prop . she enter the theater . and we be -- 99 int . theater - day the empty theater . dark. Silent . then -- a light turn on . Mia step in . we stay wide . she seem small from this vantage point , surround by she prop and backdrop . she take a moment . look at all the empty seat . revision 61 . take a deep breath . nervous . and then , nodd to herself -- you can do this -- she start set up ... 100 int . practice space - day a blast of music . the messenger have just finish a rehearsal . sebastian pack he stuff , head toward the exit , nodd to the other -- sebastian cole see you tomorrow . see ya . -- when -- keith you good for tonight , right ? sebastian stop . look at keith . sebastian ... tonight ? keith Seven . the photo shoot . ( read sebastian 's face , add --) mojo . a beat . sebastian be confuse . sebastian I think that be next Thursday . keith no . it 's tonight . we linger on sebastian for a moment ... keith ( cont 'd ) be that ok ? 101 ext . rehearsal space - day sebastian stand out front . check he watch . thinks ... 102 omit 103 int . theater / int . backstage - night people be shuffle into the theater . we drift backstage . Mia , now in a male suit and tie , watch behind a curtain . check she phone . 7:04 . breathes in . nervous , and alone ... she turn . nod to the owner , off to the side . he head to a switch , and the light go down . revision 62 . you can hear the murmur beyond the curtain . the audience , expect . Mia try to get she nerve under control . she can do this ... set she phone aside -- one last breath -- -- and walk out . 104 omit 105 omit 106 int . photo studio - night loud music . it 's the band 's song , blaring from a speaker . they be pantomime -- the musician style and ready for they close -up . a photographer grab shot . photographer put a light on the drum ... I need more fill in this corner ... we zero in on sebastian . his hair stick out at various angle . a artfully - undone tie hang from he neck . he fake - play , as keith pretend to lay in sample beat ... keith , Tom , malcolm , Cole -- they all grin , as excited as kid . sebastian look at they -- then down at he elaborate outfit , then back up at the photographer run around , then at he watch ... photographer ( cont 'd ) bass , head up . piano , look down at the key . sebastian do as tell , but he thought be elsewhere . the photographer move in close , snapping shot of just he -- photographer ( cont 'd ) cut the music . turn the keyboard live . piano look up , play . the track stop . sebastian stop as well . the click of the photographer 's camera loud now . photographer ( cont 'd ) no -- piano -- actually play something . sebastian be still . then he start to play a single melody on the key . we recognize it . the first note of he and Mia 's song ... revision 63. photographer ( cont 'd ) good , now bite you lip like you be concentrate on a solo . beat . sebastian stop . silence . he stare ahead . photographer ( cont 'd ) that be good . do not stop . we push in on sebastian ... 107 int . theater - night we be close on Mia . in ordinary clothes now . behind she be a wallpaper wall , and a small window . by she side be the globe we see in she room , and other little trinket : a pearl necklace , a old suitcase , a roll of map . outside the window , projection of a starlit parisian night sky . completely silent , Mia move to a lamp , turn it off . we go black . then -- the house light go on . White , fluorescent . thin applause can be hear . Mia manage a smile , as we finally see -- -- that the theater be less than a quarter full . Mia take a bow . peer out . one seat , in the front row , have a " reserve " sign on it . the seat be empty . 108 omit 109 int . theater - dressing room - moment later Mia slip inside , hold in she hurt . start collect a few outfit -- then overhear two audience member outside -- audience member # 1 ( o.s. ) I swear to God , if I have to hear one more hipster waxing nostalgic I be gonna slit my wrist . audience member # 2 ( o.s. ) seriously . audience member # 1 ( o.s. ) she 's not even good . that window thing ...? audience member # 2 ( o.s. ) Christ ... do not quit you day job ... revision 64 . laughter . Mia freeze . the nail in the coffin . the voice fade . she slide into a chair . 110 ext . theater - night sebastian speed . screech to a stop . he 's at Mia 's theater . he dash out and run to the door . but it 's lock . no one 's in sight . fuck . he spin around , frantic -- when Mia appear from a adjacent doorway , alone and carry she box of prop to she car . sebastian Mia ! she turn . see he . he run to she . wrap he arm around -- sebastian ( cont 'd ) I be sorry -- -- and kiss she . the kind of kiss that might once have sweep she off she foot . he start to move with she ... ... start to dance -- but -- mia stop -- she pull away . step back . sebastian look at she . unmoor . sebastian I be -- I be sorry I miss it -- and I be sorry I be a dick and I -- I promise I will make it up to you -- mia it 's over . she do not say the word with any anger . just acceptance . sebastian ( a beat ; then --) ... what do you mean ? mia I be do embarrassing myself . sebastian you do not embarrass yourself ... revision 65 . mia no one show up . I can not even pay back the theater . she say this as though just realize it . sebastian look at she . a moment pass . he do not know what to say now . mia ( cont 'd ) I be gonna go home for a while . sebastian ... this be home . mia not anymore . sebastian be silent now . a tear in he eye . he clenches he jaw . Mia look at he one more time , step into she car , and drive off . sebastian linger . do not move . silence . then , music . Soft , melancholy , just piano , as ... 111 omit a111 omit ... we dissolve to : 112 omit 113 ext . mia' car - day Mia drive , box stack in the back . a113 she get on the 405 ... head out of the city ... 114 ext . / int . mia' house - nevada - dusk Mia step inside a modest house . her mom be by the door . hug she . her dad stand by the hallway . 115 int . mia' house - bedroom - dusk Mia enter she old bedroom . slide in a suitcase . move a couple of box from the hall . look around . Old photo . Old soccer trophy . she sit down on the bed . take a breath . and , finally , we be ... 116 ext . orange grove - day Laura and Harry 's engagement party . we be outside , in a sun - dapple grove . a small gather . revision 66 . sebastian play a baby grand piano -- the source , we realize , of the music we have be hearing ... as he watch Laura dance with she new fiancé -- this woman he have know for so many year as a romantic cynic , now once again full of all the youthful innocence of first love -- he thought seem to drift . the music come to a close and ... 117 later : sebastian with Laura , by the orange tree ... LAURA you remember the mcKenzy ? sebastian oh God , I do not see they . LAURA yeah . they keep go , " oh sebastian 's so handsome " . sebastian smile . then -- sebastian you look beautiful . ( beat ) I hope it be ok . I have not play in a while . LAURA you be great ( pause ) you be always great when you play . sebastian be silent . then -- LAURA ( cont 'd ) now -- listen to I . I want you to save for a down payment . you understand ? you need a home . sebastian yes mar 'am . LAURA I be not gonna be hover anymore . sebastian ... you still think New York ? LAURA I think so . maybe Boston . I do not know , it 's exciting ... sebastian smile again . some call from the distance -- revision 67 . LAURA ( cont 'd ) ah I gotta -- the future in - law ... she light up . like the sound of that . LAURA ( cont 'd ) be my ... my hair ...? sebastian , without a word , pull a strand back . Laura smile , kiss he on the cheek . a quiet , tender moment . then she hurry off . sebastian stand there . watch ... we fade out . 118 int . sebastian' apartment - morning ringing . sebastian be awoken . groaning , he roll over . let the phone ring . it keep go . Endless ... finally , feed up , he reach for it . answer -- sebastian what ...? woman # 2 ( o.s. ) hi , I be try to reach Mia dolan . sebastian be take aback . he go to hang up , say just -- sebastian wrong number . woman # 2 ( o.s. ) -- she 's not answer she cell and I be tell I might find she here . sebastian pause . hurt by the mere mention of Mia 's name -- sebastian yeah , well ... not anymore . woman # 2 ( o.s. ) ok . if you do talk to she -- sebastian I will not . woman # 2 ( o.s. ) -- please tell she Jane at Amy brandt caste be try to reach she . a beat . sebastian sit up . suddenly wide -ey . sebastian " caste " ...? revision 68. 119 int . mia' house - kitchen - night dinner have just finish . Mia 's Mom give she a kiss -- mia' mom mia night , sweetie . night , Mom . -- and head off , as Mia and she dad stay behind . get up to scrape the dish -- mia' dad you want some more rice ? mia I be ok . mia' dad you look hungry . mia I be good ... a moment . Mia 's dad put a few more dish away , then sit back down across from she . mia' dad it 's fun have you back . you mom ditch I at ten . Mia laugh . a moment . mia you take down the swing . mia' dad she make I . a smile . mia' dad ( cont 'd ) I have still get all you old tape . mia oh God . throw that away . mia' dad never . just then -- a loud , persistent honk . Mia 's dad look up , eyebrow raise . Mia turn , hearing it as well . the honking be nearby -- just outside ... Mia 's thought suddenly sharpen . ear perk up . she 's hear the honk before : revision 69 . ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhht . mia' dad ( cont 'd ) what the hell ...? disbelief on Mia 's face . it can not be . she head to the nearest window . there -- at the corner , smack - dab in front of she house -- be sebastian' car . a neighbor angrily yell at he . sebastian see Mia . they lock eye . and on that -- 120 ext . mia' home / sebastian be car - moment later Mia and sebastian stand next to he car . mia why do you come here ? sebastian because I have good news . mia ok ... sebastian Amy brandt . the casting director . mia I know who she be . sebastian she be at you play . and she love it . and she love it so much that she want you to come audition for a huge movie she 's get . he 's brim over with excitement . but Mia just shake she head . mia I be not go . sebastian ... Excuse I ? mia I be -- no ... that will kill I . sebastian that 's it ? mia yes . revision 70 . sebastian so you be happy here ? mia I be happier . sebastian why will not you come ? mia I tell you . sebastian I do not buy it . mia ( finally let it out , feed up --) because it 's another audition ! ( a beat ; then --) I have be to hundred of audition . do you want to know what happen ? either they interrupt I because someone order a sandwich , or they cut I off after two second , or I be cry and they start laugh , or I be one of a hundred lookalike in the wait room who never have a chance , because -- ( beat ) -- because -- sebastian because what ? mia because I be probably not good enough . sebastian yes you be . mia no. maybe I be not . a beat . mia ( cont 'd ) maybe I be one of that people who 's always want to do it but never have a chance . it 's a pipe dream . maybe it 's like you say . maybe I need to grow up . she hesitates . continue -- revision 71 . mia ( cont 'd ) I can go back to school . I can find something else that I be suppose to do . I leave school to give it a shot , and it do not work out , and it take six year , and I do not want to do it anymore . beat . but sebastian be not give up . sebastian why ? mia why what ? sebastian why do not you want to do it anymore ? Mia think about this one for a moment . mia ... because it hurt a little bit too much . sebastian shake he head . nope . wo not accept this . sebastian I tell they you would be there at five - thirty tomorrow . I will swing by here before I drive back at eight . either you will be outside or you will not . with that , he get back into he car . Mia be silent . then -- mia how do you find I ? sebastian turn . point . matter-of-fact -- sebastian the house across from the library . he drive off . Mia look up . there , sure enough , be the library , crouch on the corner . the library that once help set she on she path to act . she look at it . thinks ... 121 ext . mia' STREET - night / day Wide on the street . all be quiet . night become morning ... revision 72 . 122 ext . mia' home - day sebastian 's car pull over . he sit there . sip a coffee , a second coffee in the holder . the time : 8:02 . a moment pass . he tap the wheel . look at the house . the front door remain close . no Mia . he lean back . seem worried . close he eye , breathes out . we move close on he . he breathes in and out again ... he open he eye . 8:10 . the door 's still close . resigned , he start he car up , begins to pull away , when -- -- bam ! a knock on the opposite window . he jump . it 's Mia . she 's just arrive at the car from the other side , two just - buy cup of coffee and a bag of pastry in she hand . a beat . sebastian smile . then open the door for she . 123 omit 124 ext . paramount studio lot - day a cloudy late afternoon . Mia and sebastian slowly walk through the lot together . they pass the New York street , the mural and poster of classic Hollywood , the old Art Deco ornament and the big soundstage and backdrop . neither say a word ... 125 int . waiting lobby - day Mia and sebastian be seat . wait . the door open . a actress exit . a second later -- assistant # 2 Mia ? Mia gather she nerve . get up . and step in . 126 int . audition room / int . lobby - day in the room be amy brandt -- mid-forty . seat behind she be the director , frank . amy brandt mia hi , Mia . hi. amy brandt I be Amy , this be Frank . glad we find you . Mia nod . smile . a moment . amy brandt ( cont 'd ) the movie shoot in Paris . there 's no script . revision 73. frank we want to build the character with you . it 's a process . Three - month rehearsal , four-month shoot . mia ... ok . amy brandt so why do not you just tell we a story ? mia ... about ...? amy brandt about anything . Mia nod again . a moment . amy brandt ( cont 'd ) whenever you be ready . Mia think . she take a breath -- then go silent again . it seem she might be unsure what to do , might even be about to choke the audition . we fear she may botch this completely ... a126 we CUT to the lobby -- to sebastian , hearing Mia 's silence . on edge ... worried ... b126 we return to the audition room ... brandt and Frank wait ... mia my aunt live in Paris for a bit ... she use to tell I this storey , when I be grow up , about live abroad ... ( beat ) I remember -- she tell I she jump into the seine once ... she pause , and then continue -- in song . [ track : audition ] yes , this audition be different than the rest , and the switch to song signal just that . Mia 's nerve fade away -- all the accent and fakery of earlier audition a distant memory . this be Mia undisguise -- pure and stark and beautiful ... she use the story of she aunt jump into the river to paint a portrait of all the dreamer in the world -- all the people who be tell they be nut for pursue they passion -- all the so-called " fool " who take the plunge . she sing about they and for they . this be why Mia do what she do -- why she simply have no choice ... the song end , and we linger on she for a moment . then ... revision 74 . ... we dissolve to : 127 ext . griffith park - day Mia and sebastian sit on a bench , the observatory perch behind they . the cloud have parte , and it 's now a gorgeous Los Angeles afternoon , minute before dusk . sebastian look at Mia . a moment pass . sebastian when do you find out ? mia they say the next couple of day ... but I be not expect to find anything out . sebastian you be go to get it . mia no , I be not . sebastian you be . I know this thing . a beat . mia where be we ? sebastian look at she . sebastian griffith Park . mia I mean -- where be we ? sebastian I know ... ( beat ) I do not know . mia what do we do ? sebastian I do not think we can do anything . because when you get this -- mia if I get this -- revision 75 . sebastian when you get this -- you have get to give it everything you have get . beat . sebastian ( cont 'd ) it 's you dream . mia what be you go to do ? sebastian I have get to follow my own plan . stay here . get my own thing go . you know ... a moment . Mia nod . sebastian look at she again . sebastian ( cont 'd ) you be go to be in Paris . good jazz there . and you love jazz now . Mia smile . sebastian ( cont 'd ) right ? mia right . another moment . and then , finally -- sebastian I guess we be just go to have to wait and see . Mia 's eye well up , just slightly , as she hear this . she nod . mia you know I be always go to love you . sebastian I be always go to love you too . beat . sebastian look up at the observatory . sebastian ( cont 'd ) look at this view . mia ( playfully ) I have see better . revision 76 . sebastian agreed . they laugh . then , almost to herself -- mia I have never be here during the day . sebastian smile . a moment . we CUT to wide . sebastian and Mia sit side by side . we linger here , we two character frame by the white - and -green observatory , the rest of L.A. stretch out beyond . and then , ever so slowly ... ...we fade to : winter a palm tree , a cloudless sky . we pull back -- to reveal it 's all paint ... 128 ext . studio lot - day we be on a studio lot , look at one of the old paint backdrop , of a palm tree and sky . a new title card : five year later ... we tilt down to the studio 's entryway . a car enter . a woman step out . we do not see she face . we follow she from behind . she walk elegantly , poise . the wind pick up a strand of she hair . she make she way down side - street we have see before , past parisian - style façades . then enter a coffee shop we recognize ... 129 int . coffee shop - day the eye inside all look the woman 's way . she reach the counter -- and we finally see her face : mia hi ... iced coffee , please . mia look different . different haircut , different way of handle herself . the barista hurry to get Mia 's order . we recognize this as the shop where Mia use to work . a man who appear to be the new manager give Mia the coffee -- revision 77 . new manager on we . mia no , no , that 's fine . Mia hand over a few dollar bill . then drop another bill into the tip jar . the barista smile . 130 ext . coffee shop - moment later Mia exit the coffee shop ... and be meet by a crew member on a golf cart . she get on the cart -- and be drive away ... CUT to : close on hand on piano key , flutter across the ivory . we pull back : it 's sebastian . we be in ... 131 int . jazz club - day ...a small jazz club . simple , tasteful , cool . Stone arch in 1940 's style . the seat close to the band , the piano in the center . the club have the same old - school character as the lighthouse -- but it 's not run-down . it 's polished , invite . the place be empty save for sebastian and a employee . it 's before-hour . sebastian finish play . feel out the lowest key once more , then the high . then turn and -- sebastian alright , I be do . ( get up ) Harris do a nice job with it . employee take he long enough . sebastian smile . sebastian no one touch the instrument . carson 's come a hour early to test level . employee I get a check for you to sign . sebastian how would we do last month ? employee not too bad . revision 78 . sebastian ( as he sign the check ) not too bad be great . ( tap the employee on the shoulder ) see you tonight . employee see you tonight . 132 ext . chateau marmont - day Mia pull into the driveway . 133 int . room - chateau marmont - day she step inside . Flowers and card . we glimpse cursive " congratulation " write on a few of they . a stack of script on a nearby table . her name visible . she drop she thing , spot someone , go in to kiss he . a long , tender , loving embrace , as we pull back ... ... and see that it 's not sebastian . it 's a man we have not see before : david , mid-thirty . he and Mia kiss again . and , run over and grab Mia 's leg , be a two - year-old girl ... 134 int . sebastian' apartment - evening sebastian step in . the place be more habitable than he old dig . fully furnish , warm and welcoming . he head to the kitchen , pull out some pork cutlet he 's be thawing . we see , sit on the counter , a Christmas card with a photo attach : Laura , Harry , and a four - year -old boy , all gather on a couch and smile at the camera . 135 int . sebastian' apartment - later sebastian eat he meal , in a new shirt and pants . check he watch . 136 ext . jazz club - day sebastian pull up outside the club . New car , same style . get out and pass by a movie poster as he walk . we can not see the title , but we can catch a glimpse of a face on it . it 's mia ... 137 int . jazz club - night we be back in the club . revision 79 . it 's bustling now -- the bartender set up , doormen come in , musician sound -check . sebastian enter , the musician greet he -- drummer King seb ! sebastian hothouse Eddie -- miss I ? drummer like the desert miss the rain . and then -- we see a saxophonist we recognize . one of the old lighthouse player . saxophonist seb -- Edgar 's bring he horn tonight . sebastian yeah ? tell he to tune it , huh ? saxophonist that 's not Edgar . laugh , pat on the back . 138 int . room - chateau marmont - night Mia , in a new outfit , cross the live area and grab she purse and jacket . David be by the door , jacket on as well . Mia bend back around a sofa , where the girl we see before be seat next to a nineteen - year- old baby -sitter , chelsea . mia bye , sweetie . you be nice to chelsea . the girl nod . Mia kiss she forehead . head to the door . chelsea bye , Mrs. dolan . 139 omit 140 int . car - night David drive , Mia seat beside he . they be on the 101 . gridlock traffic up ahead . david what if we miss this ? what do we tell Natalie ? revision 80. mia we can just see it back in New York ... David nod . look at the time on the car . 8:06 . 141 int . car - later Mia and David be seat . still not move . Mia look at the clock again : 8:27 . mia ( cont 'd ) do you want to just skip it ...? turn off here and get dinner ? David look at she . smile . david alright ... 142 ext . CITY STREET - night Mia and David walk down a street . a few open restaurant and bar , a few other close storefront . a lot of old , weathered building : 1930 's stucco , Art Deco sign . then -- David 's ear perk up . he hear something . music ... he look around . do not see the source . head to the end of the block , then see , just up ahead , a few people enter a building . seem to be where the music 's come from ... Mia head over , curious . the music grow louder -- sound like a jazz combo . Mia peek toward the door ... ... and then freeze . the sign on the door read : " seb be " . it 's write the way she draw it for sebastian , year ago ... come up to she side , oblivious -- david ( cont 'd ) this look fun . David edge past Mia . glimpsis the bar inside . turn to she , invite -- david ( cont 'd ) come on ... Mia do not know what to say . she follow David ... revision 81. 143 int . jazz club - continuous Inside , a jazz combo be tear through a fast bop chart . the seat around the band be almost all occupy . Young fan , older couple , passersby trickle in from outside . it 's a excited crowd , far more varied than what we see at the lighthouse -- a real range of age and style . Mia 's eye drift as David head to the bar . she recognize the image on the wall -- all sebastian 's . recognize a stool by the bar -- also sebastian 's , formerly hoagy carmichael 's ... david ( cont 'd ) Mia ? she turn to David . waver , unsure what to do , she follow he as he manage to find two empty seat close to the bandstand ... the combo finish . hearty applause . a young pianist rise from the key , wave " thanks " . and -- just then -- sebastian appear . Mia look at he , freeze . sebastian ( take the microphone ) manny halloran , lady and gentleman . ( more applause ) I do not know , I tell he to play " jingle bell " . the crowd laugh . sebastian smile , look at they -- -- and see Mia . shock . the two lock eye -- and you can tell it 's the first time they have see each other in year . a prolong silence . sebastian be speechless . then -- force himself to keep on a face -- sebastian ( cont 'd ) welcome to seb 's . more applause . sebastian sit at the piano . look at the key . he seem uncertain -- perhaps unsure what to play . he look at Mia . take the sight in . beat . then look at he fellow musician . murmur to they . then turn back to the key -- -- and finally start play . revision 82. a quieter tune , just piano , soft and tender and melancholy . a melody we -- and Mia -- instantly recognize ... it 's Mia and sebastian 's song . Mia look at sebastian . he look at she , then back at he key . this be the most beautiful we have ever hear he play . the most tender , and full of emotion , it have ever sound . we move closer on sebastian . we recognize this image . it recall the visualization of he dream , back at the restaurant that night in winter , year ago . gradually , as sebastian play , he surroundings seem to grow darker . slowly , subtly at first , with just shift in lighting , then a shift in perspective , the interior of the club change , and soon ... 144 ...we find ourselves back at that same restaurant ... back when Mia laid eye on sebastian for the first time ... within this fantasy - flashback , sebastian finish he piece . we stick on Mia , watch he as he boss talk to he . all be as before , as we remember it ... and sure enough , Mia approach sebastian as he walk near she , and -- mia I just want to say -- I see you play , and I -- -- but instead of brush past she -- -- sebastian deck she with a kiss for the age . a burst of orchestral music . the diner in the restaurant spin around to face Mia and sebastian -- and SNAP they finger in time . even the boss start to dance . Mia and sebastian grin -- and then strut out together , hand in hand ... [ epilogue ] 145 int . new apartment - day Mia and sebastian push open a new door -- to they new place . it 's a shabby one - bedroom -- but it 's theirs ... 146 int . lighthouse cafe - night next , keith approach sebastian at the lighthouse -- but sebastian immediately shake he head " no " . 147 int . theater - night sebastian watch Mia perform -- it 's the night of she play . he stand up to applaud -- and behind he , the entire theater , utterly pack , rise as well . a huge stand ovation . Mia 's roommate be there , giddy with joy , as be LAURA and harry ... revision 83. 148 int . studio soundstage - day / night Mia and sebastian walk together outside -- but now that we be outside we realize this be not the real L.A. at all .. this , in fact , be a L.A. that do not exist . a paint - backdrop L.A. , just like the one we see Mia pass by when parking on the lot ... the old orange grove and the gable rooftop and the moss - cover bungalow and the ivy-deck lamp , the jacaranda tree and the giant hill and griffith and the Santa monica pier -- all paint , all prop , all figment of a studio- backdrop imagination . we have enter a fully fantastical realm , the realm of the old Hollywood ballet of the 40' and 50' ... a148 everyone dance -- the pedestrian and the street performer and the cop and the guard ... amy brandt race up to Mia -- seem to beckon she to audition ... we see the audition silhouett against a wall ... we do not hear Mia sing , but the music take on the melody of she song , carry we to ... b148 paris ... sebastian travel there with Mia ... we chart the journey through a old globe -- the same one we see Mia use for she play -- a miniature plane and dissolves , the old - Hollywood -movie way ... finally , we find ourselves look at a painted backdrop of Paris -- the same one Mia use for she play . the sacré-coeur and the Arc de triomphe and the eiffel Tower etched in bright color , the ornate lamppost and the cobblestone stretch before we ... and then a sign -- " caveau do LA huchette " ... c148 we see a jam session at the caveau -- a crypt-like jazz club . sebastian play , on cloud nine ... c148pt we see a movie shoot , Mia surround by light and crane , deck in movie-movie glow . we be back to the caveau . the light go out -- except for the trumpeter , play out a lovelorn solo , rim -lit . we move in close on he horn -- dive into the bell -- d148 -- and emerge into nighttime paris . all paint . Mia and sebastian wander through this wonderland , pedestrian freeze around they ... finally , they stop and look at one another ... and -- as the city light behind they start to glitter like all the star of the galaxy ... ... they dance . revision 84 . this be the last time we will ever see they dance , and they seem to recognize that , so graceful and poise be they movement ... remember -- this be a romance more perfect than a real romance could ever be ... we dissolve again -- to a projector beam ... 16 mm footage play on a screen , full of scratch and pocket of light ... Mia and sebastian sit down to watch together -- and we see the follow moment in brief , vivid glimpse , as we move in closer on the imagery : 149 the first home ... ( 16 mm ) 150 Mia 's pregnancy ... ( 16 mm ) 151 the newborn child ... ( 16 mm ) 152 the child 's first birthday ... ( 16 mm ) 153 the child 's first day of pre-school , all dress up ... ( 16 mm ) everything here glow with the warmth of old home movie ... this be memory , flutter by , grab at random -- and yet all concoct , dream up out of nothing ... the score continue to sway and take we right up to ... 154 sebastian and Mia , husband and wife , father and mother , hire a babysitter because they have decide to go out for a night at the movie ... ( we be back to 35 mm now . ) the look here be unaffected , just everyday . the music quiet slightly , everything go more natural , as this happily marry couple hit the road ... 155 ... then find themselves block by a traffic jam ... then take a side route , wind up in another part of l.a ... 156 ... then walk down the street , then hear music -- a jazz combo play somewhere ... 157 ... and step into a place that look just like sebastian 's club ... they sit down to listen ... and then -- and this be how we imagine montage - musical number end -- the combo 's pianist , who of course be not sebastian , launch into Mia and sebastian 's melody ... ...and Mia and sebastian look at each other , recognize it . the music go full - circle , back to where it start , as Mia and sebastian look into each other 's eye , lean in and , softly , but with all the love in the world ... ... kiss . revision 85 . 158 we CUT back to the piano : sebastian have just finish he piece . we be back to reality . the audience in the club applaud . beat . Mia look at sebastian . look away . a moment pass . david do you want to stay for another ? she 's silent for a second . then she look at David . mia no ... we should go . he nod . they rise from they seat and head for the exit . just as they reach the door , and as David step out , Mia turn and look back at sebastian . he look at she . they eye lock . a hint of a tear in both ... and , ever so subtly , for just a fleeting second , Mia smile . it 's the kind of smile you could miss if you blink -- but it 's enough to signal to sebastian that she recognize the melody he play , and that she still remember it , and still think of it to this day ... then she walk out the door . sebastian glance at he fellow musician . then , he nod , and they launch into a new chart . 159 ext . STREET - night it 's silent outside . you can not hear the music . Mia and David reach they car . they get in . it pull out . pass by sebastian 's club , the car continue on . we stay put , the jazz club on one side of the frame , the light of the car on the other . that light grow smaller and smaller , before finally disappear into the big L.A. night ... Iris fade out . the end