Labor Day by Jason reitman from the novel by Joyce maynard fade in : tv local morning show - current day 1 a morning anchor with a big smile address camera . * morning anchor okay , if you have a sweet tooth , you be not go to want to miss this one . they start out the most popular item on a menu of a little cafe in syracuse , New York . photo : a small charm Cafe morning anchor ( cont 'd ) «+ . but people keep order they and the kitchen could not keep up . then come the boutique pie shop . photo : a pie shop. b-cam footage of customer . the kitchen . * morning anchor ( cont 'd ) the good housekeep article and a feature in the New York Times . photo : a full spread article feature amazing pie . morning anchor ( cont 'd ) Oprah call it she favorite pie . hand . down . we have get the man behind it all here with we . Henry wheeler ! reveal henry . he 's 34 year old . handsome and thoughtful . henry hi donna , thanks for have I on . morning anchor * I have hear that fight break out * over this pie . * henry * * people have they favorite and they be not happy when we run out . * morning acnhor and I love the '' a '' ... ( note the a shape vent hole on the pie ) be that for someone special ? +e * hf * henry ( smile ) my mom . * * 1a . the morning anchor gush for a heartbeat . morning acnhor so , you be go to show we how to do this ... you be go to let we in on you secret ... henry the real secret be to get back to the basic . do not over handle the dough . do not buy all that gadget . use a old fork to cut you mix . use the heel of you hand to flatten the crust . we be actually build to make pie . morning acnhor where on Earth do you learn to make such a perfect pie crust ? 1a Henry smile . sigh . he take a beat . a long beat . adult henry ( v.o . ) I could never answer this question truthfully ... or at least completely . ext. / int . pie shop - day 1a Henry enter , pass a line of wait people . he wave to he staff and head into the back . int . kitchen , pie shop - day 3 Henry give a glance to make sure everything be run fine , then find he way to a work desk with he computer and mail . rifles through some junk mail . then , he open a letter and suddenly stop cold . int . dark room - day 4 the back of a man 's head . pepper grey . we do not see he face . he 's at a desk . write . open title ( perhaps over the street of the neighborhood ) ext . adele 's house - day 5 a classic american house amongst tree in full bloom . it 's not the prettiest house on the street , but it could be . title read : '' September 3rd , 1987 '' int . henry 's bedroom —- morning 6 a pet hamster ( joe ) be feed by a twelve year old hand . int . kitchen , adele 's house - morning 7 the same 12 year old hand put a kettle on , then move to a cabinet with a break hinge and grab a tea packet . int . live room , adele 's house —- morning 8 same hand put the record needle on a joni Mitchell album . 10 11 12 int . adele 's bedroom —- morning 9 the mug of tea be place bedside by a sleep woman . we hear the sheet rustle as she awaken . adele ( 0.c. ) good morning . int . henry 's bedroom - morning 10 the same hand go through a boy 's closet . the clothes be wear and a little date and a little youthful for twelve . we finally pull back to see Henry . he wear he sensitivity and the anxiety of pre-sexual enlightenment like wet pajamas . as he look into he closet , he face read dilemma . moment later , he be try on a pair of pants for Adele . he clearly outgrew they a year ago . the cuff be inch above he ankle . the buckle will not buckle . adele enter frame and acknowledge the moment with a sigh . adele okay . okay . pricemart , then . ext . driveway , adele 's house - day 11 Adele and Henry hop in a station wagon litter with leave . it 's clear that Adele do not take the car out often . all voice over be Henry as a 35 year old adult , present day . adult henry ( v.o. ) my mother be not a shut in . she have just shut everyone out . Adele drop the car into gear , but it slip back into neutral . Henry notice and pull the stick into reverse . int . adele 's station wagon - day 12 Adele drive . her hand shake slightly as they hold the wheel . adult henry ( v.o . ) it be just the two of we after my father leave . 13 14 14a 15 ext . the teacup ride , amusement park - a day in the past 13 Henry with he father 's new family . wife , son , and kid sister pull the disc in the center of the teacup to spin faster . adult henry ( v.o. ) he say I should count the new baby he have with he new wife marjorie , as part of my family too , plus Richard , marjorie 's son . int . henry 's bedroom , adele 's house - a day in the past 14 Adele be hold a photo take of that teacup ride . adult henry ( v.o. ) for the most part , my mother never mention my father , or the woman he be marry to now . adele ( study the photo ) I would think you father would be worried about the way that baby 's one eye do not match with the other . you would think they have have she test . do she seem different to you ? henry «+. maybe a little . adele that baby do not look anything like you . adult henry ( v.o. ) I know my part . henry she cry ... a lot . ext . holton mill bridge - day 14a Adele drive over the scenic bridge into town . ext . bank parking lot - day 15 Henry hop out of Adele 's station wagon and enter the bank . henry I will be back in a sec . 16 17 18 int . bank — day 16 Henry walk up to the teller and hand she a check . we see that it 's for child support . teller hey Henry . how 's you mother ? henry Fine . teller hope to see she in here one of this day . the teller begin count out twenty dollar bill . ext . pricemart parking lot - day 17 Adele 's station wagon pull in and find a spot . Inside the car , we see Adele take a deep breath . adult henry ( v.o. ) I understand who my real family be . her . she look over at Henry . smile . int . pricemart - day 18 it 's obviously a holiday weekend . festive supplies be in evidence . families be stock up for bbq and get - to - gether . Adele and Henry push a cart down the aisle . adult henry ( v.o . ) even if that mean only leave the house once a month to pick up supplies at pricemart . Henry notice a pregnant woman with a basket of baby toy approach from afar . he take control of the cart , pull it right , to avoid the pregnant woman . henry I think it 's this way . Adele follow . 19 20 int . boy 's clothes dept , pricemart - day 19 momentary Pov through scratch glass of Adele and Henry . we find Adele leaf through corduroy . Henry eye the comic book turnstile twenty yard away . he watch he mom carefully for a moment , decide whether she be okay . henry Mom , I be go to go check out the comic book . adele of course . just do not wander far . henry ( already step away ) okay , I 'il be right over there . int . magazine rack , pricemart - day 20 Henry walk past the adult magazine , just slow enough to catch a glimpse of arm cover cleavage , moan eye . he slow down again at the woman 's magazine . cover of cosmo : what woman wish Men knew that they do not . Henry reach for one when he be bump by a middle age woman . Henry flinch and move on to the comic rack . he spin the turnstile of superhero . we be follow he gaze down past cape crusader when we find a pair of men 's shoe . they be wear in and muddy . upon closer glance , one be stain with fresh blood , trail from the man 's ankle . Henry look up follow the leg and torso until he be stare up at frank . he be the illustration in a biology book , for a page they have label man . frank wonder if you could give I a hand here . Frank be wear a red pricemart vest . Henry notice blood over Frank 's right ear . trickle down from he hair line . henry ( careful ) you be bleed . frank ( like nothing ) I fall out a window . * 21 henry we should get help . frank I would not want to upset anyone . you come here with that woman over there , right ? Frank nod at Adele , who be just leave boy 's clothes dept . henry my mom . frank what I want to ask be , if you think she would give I a ride . we see Henry 's gear turn . Frank take a awkward step forward and place a firm grip on Henry 's shoulder . frank ( cont 'd ) she look like the type of person who would help I . adult henry ( v.o. ) he be right . that 's exactly the type my mom be . CUT to : Frank and Henry be walk with purpose in Adele 's direction . Frank be try not to limp . he grab a ballcap , quickly yank off the tag and put it on he head . Henry notice but do not say a word . they turn a corner . off come the Red pricemart vest . Frank grab a fleece and quickly throw it on . int . hardware dept , pricemart - day 21 Adele be analyze light bulb . Frank and Henry walk up . henry this be my mother Adele . Mom , this be Frank . he need we help . Adele look at Frank , quickly study he face . then back to she son 's face - Frank 's muscular hand on he shoulder . frank you have a good boy here , Adele . he be kind enough to offer I a ride . 22 adele oh , well ... um . he may have ... we have a big afternoon . I do not think we can help you . Frank reach into he pocket and pull out a baseball . frank ( to Henry ) shame . think we could have a catch . henry I suck at baseball . frank maybe you use to . ( finger the stitches ) throw around the ball with you dad ? henry I only see he on Sunday ... adele ( cut Henry off ) I be sorry , but we really can not help you . for a moment , Frank clenches he tooth in pain . then , he move he hand to the back of Henry 's neck . it 's hard to interpret whether it 's a gesture of kindness or a threat . frank ( to Adele ) ( frankly ) , this need to happen . Adele look deeply into Frank 's eye . she make a decision . int . checkout , pricemart - day 22 Adele 's item be rung up . a bomb shelter 's worth of can goods go by , beep , beep , beep , beep ... Frank show curiosity at the sheer amount . he then add the baseball and mitt to the checkstand . Adele make eye contact with the checker . there 's a moment where she could say something . she consider ask for help . she do not . 23 ext . parking lot , pricemart - day 23 Frank open the rear passenger door of Adele 's car and lay the fleece across the back seat . frank do not want to stain you upholstery . adele thank you . frank ( to Henry ) why do not you ride in back with I . henry ( cautious ) okay . Henry enter the rear passenger door and slide over . Frank sit down next to he and shut the door . Adele round the car , try not to panic . she enter the driver 's side door and take a seat . shut the door . silence . adele where do you want to go ? frank you house . Adele suppress a reaction . frank ( cont 'd ) just for a moment to rest my leg . she look back and see she son sit next to this commanding and bloody stranger . she turn the ignition . 24 int . adele 's station wagon - day 24 driving back through the suburb . strangely calm and quiet . just as they pull up to a stoplight , a police cruiser pull up on they leave . Henry notice . his heart quicken . Frank keep he eye straight , try to act calm . Adele look over at the cop . she think for a second , then put on she signal and turn right , pull away from the cruiser . they catch a glimpse of each other in the mirror . a moment . 25 26 10 . frank sound like the rotor on you brake might be a little thin . i’1l take a look when we get back . ext . adele 's STREET - day 25 Adele 's station wagon make its way down the quiet cul - de- sac and finally park in the driveway . Frank take a second to look around for pedestrian before get out to help Adele and Henry with the grocery . as they be empty the car , Henry can not help but look back at he neglect home , see it through the eye of a stranger for the first time in what 's obviously a while . adult henry ( v.o. ) other than religious type or someone with a petition , hardly anyone ever come to see we . by this point , my mom be down to basically one friend and even Evelyn hardly come by anymore . Adele open the front door . Henry go to hold it for she , but Frank already have a elbow on it . smile - get inside . int . adele 's house - day 26 Adele lead the grocery caravan into the kitchen . all the while , Henry look around , see what Frank be see . adele ( quietly ) you will have to excuse the mess , we have be busy . Henry glance at he mother confuse . adult henry ( v.o. ) busy with what ? the Spanish tape ? we pan across post it note with sharpie write Spanish word like Mesa , silla , agua , basura ... we can even hear ... spanish language tape ( v.o. ) .-. la casa es de color rojo ... adult henry ( v.o. ) busy wait to hear from arak ... * 27 28 11 . we pan along a fade photo of a African boy and a obviously mass produce letter from a Aid Organization . arak ( v.o. ) dear Henry , thank you for you letter ... adult henry ( v.o. ) busy with the fox trot ... the waltz ... we move along the dance foot pattern stencile on the floor . flash image : adele teaching henry to fox trot in the kitcheav she can really move . Henry follow , concentrate . adele ( into Henry 's ear ) a man should know how to dance ... when a man can dance , the world be he oyster . int . adele 's kitchen - day 28 Frank place bag of grocery in front of a wall of campbell soup can . he eye they suspiciously . frank Nice place . Adele position herself near the knife drawer . adele ( eyeing Frank cautiously ) how do you take you coffee ? frank as be . thank you , Adele . Frank notice all the window sheer have be draw . thinks on this for a second . he move to the kitchen window and look out back - the backyard be a unkept mess of overgrown grass lead to a thick wood . we hear the distant SOUND of a train 's whistle . he take in the kitchen table - a foreign object . there 's a silence . one that acknowledge that neither Adele or Frank know how they have make it this far . henry how do you hurt you leg ? 29 30 12 . Frank weigh the question . frank I be go to be straight with you here , Henry . ( look to Adele make coffee ) I be not go to lie . ( back to Henry ) I hurt my leg - my leg , and my head - jump out a second floor window at a hospital they have take I to get my appendix out . int . recovery room , hospital - day 29 Frank lie in bed attach to a iv . a nurse sit at he bedside , prepare a iv . the guard outside the door be turn away . the look on the nurse 's face change . she know what be about to happen . in one move , Frank leap out of the hospital bed , pull the nurse aside , yank the iv from he wrist . we whip around to catch Frank grab the top of the window sill and hurtle out foot first . int . adele 's kitchen - day 30 Frank continue . frank +. at the prison . that 's how I get out . Adele examine Frank . adele when ? frank this morning . Adele open a drawer to grab a spoon . she slip a knife into she pocket as she use the spoon to add sugar to the coffee . henry ( fear and awe ) you escape ? so now the police be look for you . frank I would have get further except for the damn leg . 31 32 13. ext . hospital - day 31 a wide enough shot to see a real dangerous fall . Frank land on the ground . his foot hit a uneven piece of lawn twist he ankle painfully . SNAP ... go a ligament . int . adele 's kitchen - day 32 Adele hand Frank he coffee . she seem to be take in every moment . every inch of Frank 's face . every gesture . frank I would be grateful if you let I stay till nightfall . I have try to help out . would not ask anything of you . adele ( cautious ) you just do . frank nothing more than a place to lay low and rest my leg for a few hour . adele how do I know you will not hurt we ? frank I have never intentionally hurt anyone in my life . Adele consider this . we want to believe he . Henry observe he mother carefully . adele you understand how that could be hard to believe . frank I do . how far be the train track from you backyard ? henry running ? frank limp . henry twenty minute . 33 14 . adele people come over . often. randomly . Friends , salesmen , religious people ... Frank hide he disbelief . frank I all make a run for the train at nightfall . I can stay out of the way ... adele I mean it would be notice if I go quiet . even for a little bit . frank I just escape prison . last place I want to go be back . adele ( quickly ) I be stronger than you think . frank ( quick ) I do not doubt it . adele and I will not let anything happen to my son . Frank understand the importance of this moment . frank he 's in good hand . Adele look at franks hand . ext . high drive , franks grandmother 's farm - late 60's 33 franks hand at 18 year old . he 's loading hay . his hand be strong , assure , practice at what he 's do . adult henry ( v.o. ) Frank have good hand . this be important . Frank look up and catch eye with mandy , also 18 . she 's be tour by Frank 's grandmother . they share a smile . 34 36 37 38 15 . int . kitchen - a night in the 7u' 34 Adele and Gerald dance . his hand firmly grasp she back . they be capable of that rare ballroom dance that look effortless and improvise . adult henry ( v.o. ) so do my father . he know how to move a woman around the dance floor . that mean a lot in my mom 's book . adele ( v.o. ) ( always teach ) some man just set they hand on you shoulder or against you back . int . live room , adele 's house - a day in 1987 Adele be teach Henry to dance . adele there have to be strong pressure there ... ext . franks grandmother' farm - late afternoon 36 Mandy work a fruit stand on the road . Frank drop off a few pie to sell . Mandy dip she finger in one of they and taste it . Frank take in she dangerous smile . ext . franks grandmother 's farm - twilight 37 18 year old Frank and Mandy be chase each other through a field of tall grass towards the farm house . he grab she . adele ( v.o. ) «+ . something to push back against . int . kitchen , adele 's house - a day in the past 38 Adele open a sad can of food . Henry hide he disappointment in dinner . adele you father be very handsome . same as you will be . ( a sweet discard think ) if we could have just dance all the time . 39 40 4l 42 43 16 . int . insurance office - day 39 Gerald speak to a couple from behind a desk . adult henry ( v.o. ) instead my father get a job sell insurance policy . int . kitchen , adele 's house - a day in the past 40 Adele curl up with a book . Henry watch from the floor . adult henry ( v.o. ) I do not think lose my father break my mother 's heart , but rather lose love itself ... ext . barn , franks grandmother 's farm - day 41 18 year old Frank lead Mandy into the barn from the high drive . they eye each other in the dim shaft of light . adult henry ( v.o . ) -+. the look of someone who think you be beautiful every day . int . adele 's bedroom - a day in the past 42 Henry bring Adele breakfast in bed . on the tray be a birthday gift - a homemade coupon book . adult henry ( v.o. ) even at that age I understand this and want to make up for some of the neglect . I make she a coupon book that say '' husband for a day '' . I clean ... henry scrub the slat between the fork and knive 43 adult henry ( v.o. ) -.. do little chore around the house . henry tightens the hinge on a door adult henry ( v.o . ) there be a coupon for a shoulder rub ... 44 45 46 47 17 . henry attempt to massage he mother' shoulder with he SMALL twelve you old hand adult henry --. and a bubble bath . henry pour liquid soap into a running bath ext . movie theater - a night in the past 44 Henry walk he mother into the theater . adult henry ( v.o. ) I even take she on a date . int . henry 's bedroom - night 45 Henry lie awake , keenly aware of the wall behind he . adult henry ( v.o . ) at the time I be too young to understand the part of be husband for a Day I be not equip to carry out , but I sense my own terrible inadequacy ... int . upstair corridor - night 46 Henry peek into Adele 's room to see he mother sleep , with a pillow between she leg . adult henry ( v.o. ) I could feel she loneliness and long before I have a name for it . int . gerald 's kitchen - some time later 47 Henry be have a late night bowl of cereal with he dad . henry Mom 's fine . she just get sad sometimes . Gerald weigh the information . gerald you could come live with marjorie and I . and Chloe and Richard . ( a beat ) ( more ) 48 49 18. gerald ( cont 'd ) I mean , if that be something you want , we could have she evaluate . henry Mom 's great . she 's learn to play the cello . gerald I just ask because I get the idea she depression be get worse . a moment . Henry could reveal more , but he can tell he father do not actually want he to move in . he 's just try to do / say the right thing . henry Mom take care of I great . we do fun thing all the time . Friends come over . we have hobby . ( add ) we be learn Spanish . Gerald smile and nod . glad that 's take care of . int . kitchen , adele 's house - a night in the past 48 Adele open the fridge , remove a jug of milk , and begin to slowly pour the content on the floor as if she be water a pot of flower . adult henry ( v.o. ) he be right , but I know better than to say . he just want to hear that I be okay . CUT to : adelem television - late afternoon 49 a news report on Frank 's escape . footage of a road block . anchor woman commuter may have experience delay this afternoon on they commute home - roadblock on route seventy Three . who be the police look for ? Frank 's mugshot appear on screen . 50 19 . anchor woman ( cont ’d ) Frank Chambers , a inmate of stinchfield prison , who escape earlier this morning . reveal : int . live room , adele 's house 50 Adele , Frank , and Henry watch the report . Adele and Henry sit on the sofa , she arm around he . Frank stand . on tv : the head of highway patrol be interview . highway patrolman consider he injury , we believe he have not get far . keep in mind that he be dangerous and quite possibly armed . Henry look to Frank - be he armed ? on tv : shot of the hospital that zoom in on a break window . anchor woman Chambers be recover from appendicitis on the second floor of this hospital , when police say , he just make a jump for it . on tv : interview with the nurse . nurse he whipped I around and next thing I know , he be out the window . anchor woman authority would like to remind we viewer that this kind of leap can spell desperation . especially in a inmate serve eighteen year for murder . the report end and switch over to another story , but that word hang in the air . murder . Henry and Adele examine Frank 's face ... be it the face of a killer ? Frank do not betray he calm demeanor . frank it do not happen that way . Adele and Henry be too nervous to push Frank on this point . * * 51 20 . henry be not it against the law to hide a fugitive ? frank you have a wise son here , Adele . good to know he 's look out for you . adele ( try to calm she son as well as Frank ) it 's all go to be fine . it would only be a problem if someone find Frank here ... and that do not need to happen . he can just lay low for a few hour and then keep move . frank true enough . but it 's still not acceptable to place you and you family here in jeopardy . if someone be to come by , it would need to look like I kidnap you . ( a beat ) that 's why I be go to tie you up . Henry look to he mother . Adele 's breath quicken . frank ( cont 'd ) ( to Adele ) it 's about keep up appearance . I think you understand what I mean . adele ( careful ) who be you ...? frank only you . Henry here know he do not want anything to happen to he mother . right , Henry ? Henry eye Frank cautiously . int . basement , adele 's house - day 51 Adele lead Frank downstairs . it 's cluttere . some nursery item visible . she pull out a box that contain a roll of braid cord . Frank check the strength . we can tell Adele 's heart be beat faster . she reach in she pocket for the knife from the kitchen . we can see through the fabric of she dress that she have it in she grasp , when ... 52 53 21. frank this 'il work . he grab the rope . Adele release the knife and pull she hand from she pocket . int . kitchen , adele 's house - same 52 meanwhile , Henry have be leave alone in the house . adult henry ( v.o. ) across the street be Mr. jervis 's house . after that , the farnsworth and the Edwards . I could burst out the door . I could grab the phone and dial a number . the police . four step to the front door and a good shout . that 's all it would take . int . dine room , adele 's house - day 53 Frank check a wooden chair for splinter before slowly lowering Adele to a seat . he kneel down at each of she foot and begin tie they tenderly to the leg of the chair . Adele attempt a comforting look to Henry . Frank notice . frank ( to Henry ) I do not want any of this to upset you , son . there be just some thing a person have to do in this type of situation . ( then ) why do not you go grab one of you comic book . Henry take a beat and look to he mother . she give a little nod and a reassure smile . Henry reticently walk away as Frank pick up Adele 's calf , admire she foot . frank ( cont 'd ) beauty . Frank take Adele 's thin pale wrist , first she leave , then she right , angle she elbow gently , as he draw they behind the chair 's back and tie they together . it 's dead silent . quiet enough to hear the rough chord pull into a tight little knot . Frank step in front of Adele and they eye meet . 54 54a 55 56 22 . Henry have return with a comic book , sit in the next room , watch he mother stare into Frank 's eye . Frank look over at Henry in the dining room , measure the boy 's fear at the sight of he mother tie up . frank ( cont 'd ) you get a pantry ? int . stairwell , adele 's house - day 54 * Frank open the basement door to find shelf of can food . he take in the inventory . look back at Henry . frank how would you like to try the best chili you have ever eat ? CUT to : int . basement , adele 's house - day 54a * Frank open a freezer and remove a block of ground beef * that 's cover in frost . * int . franks grandmother' kitchen - late 60's 55 Young Frank be teach to make chili by he grandmother . * she hand over he hand . * adult henry ( v.o . ) it be he grandmother 's recipe . he have grow up on she farm and learn that along with everything else important from she . int . kitchen , adele 's house - afternoon 56 * Henry watch carefully as Frank make quick move at the stove . he know he way around a kitchen . for a moment Henry look at he mother 's hand and foot . he think about untying the knot , but just then Frank look back . frank grab a bowl . 57 22a . int . live room , adele 's house - afternoon 57 Henry take he chili back into the live room and settles in front of the tv - red sox game . take a bite . it 's delicious . adult henry ( v.o. ) and he be right about the chili . 23 . Frank sit down next to Adele at the kitchen table . he set a bowl in front of she and wave at it with he hand to cool . then bring a spoon to Adele 's lip . adult henry ( v.o. ) there be something about the way Frank feed my mother ... Adele swallow the bite . adult henry ( v.o . ) you might think it be humiliate , to sit there like that . if he put too much on the spoon , or too little , she would simply have to take it . lift the spoon . blow on it . bring it to Adele 's lip . adult henry ( v.o. ) but every spoonful , he make sure be the right amount . adele ( v.o. ) I do not imagine you father have tell you anything about sex ? 58 ext . front porch - a day in the past 58 Adele and Henry sit on the hammock . adele most people put all this focus onto the physical change you will be go through soon . henry it 's okay , they explain everything in we health assembly . adele there be another aspect that you health teacher be unlikely to explore . people act as if make love be all about secretion and body function . henry Mom , it 's okay . 59 60 61 62 24 . adele for all the discussion of body part and hormone , they forget to mention how it feel . ext . rural road - sundown 59 Frank 's truck drive along . Mandy ride next to he . adele ( v.o. ) there be another kind of hunger . ext . top of a hill - magic hour 60 the truck be park . Frank lay out a blanket in the bed . Mandy smile and lie down . Frank climb on top of she . mandy keep you belt on cowboy . adele ( v.o. ) a hunger for human touch . int . adele 's kitchen - night 61 Frank take a napkin and dab the corner of Adele 's mouth . adele ( v.o. ) desire . people never tell you about how it feel . the long . a flood light wash across the window . we see a cruiser through the sheer pass by . Frank take note . frank what time do the train start in the morning ? adele I do not know . frank just have to keep a ear out for ‘em I guess . int . henry 's bedroom - night 62 Henry lay awake , stare at the ceiling . listen . his curiosity overcome he . he tiptoe out he doorway . 63 64 65 66 25 . int . upstair corridor - night 63 Henry crawl up to he mother 's bedroom doorway to find she asleep - she wrist tie to the bedpost . he then crawl he way to the stair until he have a angle on the live room . he can see Frank 's boot rest on the arm of the sofa . Henry inch forward until he can see Frank 's leg ... Frank 's torso ... Frank 's neck ... and then Frank 's face , hide in the shadow . it take a moment for we vision to adjust . we adjust the exposure until we can just see Frank 's open eye ... stare back at we . Henry 's breath quicken . Frank nod . Henry attempt to calm himself before tip toe back to bed . int . henry 's bedroom - next morning 64 Henry get out of bed . be last night a dream ? he walk over to he hamster cage and feed he pet , joe . then step out . int . top of stair - same 65 Henry look into he mother 's room . Adele be sleep . one wrist in evidence , still restrain to the bed post . at the bottom of the stair , he look into the live room . evidence of Frank have sleep the night on the couch . int . kitchen , adele 's house - same 66 Henry look around , but Frank be nowhere to be see . the back door be open . the sound of the cicadas whisper in . Henry wonder for a moment ... be that it ? be he go ? we can tell he kind of miss he when ... Frank emerge from the basement . frank could not find any egg . Henry whip around as Frank step over to the oven and open it . he 's make a makeshift splint out of a wooden spoon and a dish rag . Frank strain as he remove a tray of biscuit from the oven , he appendix scar stain he shirt . henry we do not stock up much on grocery . mostly can goods . Henry walk pass the chair that Adele occupy the night before , rope still tie to the leg . 67 68 69 26 . frank you have get enough room in back for chicken . Three or four nice little rhode Island reds . ext . franks grandmother 's farm - 1970' morning 67 Frank 's and Mandy 's leg walk through peck chicken as they drop feed . frank ( v.o. ) keep you in fresh egg . poultry . int . kitchen , adele 's house - day 68 Henry go to cut open the biscuit with a knife ... Frank quickly grab the knife from he hand . for a moment , it seem like a defensive move , but instead ... frank ( appal ) never slice a biscuit . ( tear one open with he hand ) you want to pull they apart , so you get all the surface . flash : franks grandmother tearing OPEN a biscuit frank & franks grandmother ... peak and valley ... int . kitchen , adele 's house - day 69 frank ... more place for the butter to soak in . there be something undeniably fatherly about this moment that be foreign to Henry . henry we do not usually keep butter around . we use margarine . frank now that 's a crime . 26a . 69a int . dine room - day 69 a Frank notice Henry try to eye the front of the newspaper . it feature the prison photo of Frank from tv . 27 . frank I do not blame you for wonder . just know , there 's more to this story than you will see in that paper there . Henry stop look . frank ( cont 'd ) you get brother or sister ? henry no , um , my mom try but ... Frank take this in without reacting . henry ( cont 'd ) I have get a stepbrother and a half - sister . my dad take I out to dinner with they on Sunday . frank how do a fellow let a woman like you mother get away ? henry he get together with he secretary . frank huh . good riddance . Henry work up the confidence to ask a question . henry how do you escape ? frank I tell the guard at the hospital if he leave , I be go to jump out the window . he hear that and go to have a smoke . nothing mislead people like the truth . adele ( 0.c. ) good morning . Frank and Henry turn to see Adele enter the room . adele ( cont 'd ) what be that ? henry biscuit . they be amazing . Henry 's joy for he breakfast make Adele cautious . 70 71 72 28. Adele offer she wrist to Frank for bind . frank I do not think we will be need that any longer . but if the day come when you have to say I tie you up , you will not be lie . ( another think ) have not hear any train go by . adele holiday weekend . might be a funny schedule . frank ( offer a biscuit ) Breakfast ? she want to resist the invitation . henry you have to try they . Adele submit to the biscuit . tries to suppress a smile . int . live room , adele 's house - day 70 Henry put on one of he mom 's folk record . there 's a warp in the record from sun damage . we can even see the beam of sunlight that must cut across the record player at time . Music continue through the follow short scene . int . kitchen , adele 's house - day 71 Frank brushes he tooth use a dish towel . int . garage - day 72 Frank roll the car into the garage . later , we find Frank under Adele 's car check the break . Henry sit by , watch with curiosity . frank hey , hank . grab I the 3 / 4 socket wrench . Henry look into the tool box . he do not know a socket wrench from a screwdriver . frank ( cont 'd ) hey , hank ? * + h hk 73 74 75 76 29 . after a beat Frank slide out . Henry sit there , a bit embarrassed . Frank understand immediately . he point to the side of the wrench that 's close . frank ( cont 'd ) socket wrench . Frank disappear under the car . Music come up as we begin a quiet montage of Frank do chore around the house . Henry be by he side for everything . adult henry ( v.o. ) that day , Frank change the oil in the car and replace a fuse for the blinker . then he clean the filter on the furnace . frank wiping the filter on the furnace 73 ext . side of adele 's house - day 74 Frank examine the wood pile with Adele . adult henry ( v.o. ) he check out the cord of firewood that just get deliver and inform my mom that the guy be short she . frank waxing the floor while henry sit on the counter 75 adult henry ( v.o. ) then he wash the floor and wax it . ext . backyard - day 76 Frank stand over Henry 's shoulder , place the baseball in he small twelve year old hand . Adele watch from a window . frank before you can throw a ball , you need to know how to hold a ball ... how to feel the stitches . Frank turn the ball in Henry 's hand till he finger line up with the red stitches . 77 30 . frank ( cont 'd ) you feel that ? int . kitchen , adele 's house - day 77 Frank sit at the kitchen table , he twisted ankle up on another chair . Adele be hemming the rip pant cuff , be careful not to poke Frank with the needle . frank ( to Adele ) you bite you lip when you sew . adele I be try not to stick you . frank ( be : a scar on she knee ) how would you get this ? adele star and stripe forever routine at my dance recital . halfway through rehearsal , they get rid of the ramp . I tapped myself right off stage . Frank touch the scar tenderly . Henry watch he mother carefully . everyone seem to have forget ... knock , knock , knock ! - a bang at the kitchen door that lead to the side of the house . we see a silhouette of a man in the window of the split kitchen door . all three stop . we can almost see the vein in Frank 's neck raise . his eye go dead serious . Henry look - Frank be hold Adele 's wrist . her hand shake . frank answer the door , Henry . let ‘em know you mother 's out . Frank pull Henry in for a second . frank ( cont 'd ) ( quietly serious ) I know I can trust you not to get nervous and say something you would regret . Henry nod . the day 's activity suddenly erase . knock , knock , knock ! 31 . Henry walk over to the kitchen door as Frank and Adele curl behind a corner where they can not be see . perhaps Frank stand just out of sight , he hand hold the back of Henry 's shirt as a reminder of he presence . Henry open the top half of the kitchen door , revealing he neighbor mr . jervis . a friendly man in he 50' carry a bucket of peach . it 's clear that he have a thing for Adele . mr . jervis oh hi Henry , I be look for you mother . henry I be sorry Mr. jervis . she 's not home right now . Mr. jervis give a disappointed look . Adele be always home . mr . jervis oh ... well , that 's not like she ... have she be follow the news ? she leave you here by yourself ? henry I just mean she can not come to the door ... she 's take a bath . mr . jervis aaah ... henry ( be : the peach ) be that for she ? mr . jervis yeah , get so many of this , do not know what to do . think you mother might like they . jervis hand Henry the peach . henry thank you . I be sure she ’1ll appreciate they ... mr . jervis ( not let up ) sure she 's not around ? there 's something I have like to discuss with she . henry can I give she a message ? mr. jervis ( hesitates ) look , Henry , there 's some ... I be not sure if you hear , but there 's a guy loose - just break out of stinchfield . he 's probably long go by now , but until they find he , I just would not be open the door without a adult . Henry measure he response . henry thank you for tell I . ( a think ) what do he do ? mr. jervis some pretty awful thing , son . ( think ) he ... henry what ? mr. jervis ( immediately regret tell Henry ) look , I doubt he 's anywhere near here by now ... just remember , I be right across the street . you have any problem , just give I a jingle . Mr. jervis exit and Henry close the door . Adele and Frank enter the room and size up the peach . henry ( set down the peach ) he have more than he need . Frank sense Henry 's apprehension . frank ( pat he on the shoulder ) you do good , hank . Henry smile proudly . Adele show concern . adele Henry , why do not you go check on Joe . henry I be sure he 's fine . 78 79 33. adele it 's a hot day . make sure he water have not dry up . Henry leave . once he 's go , Adele summon up some courage and confront Frank . a beat as adele ( cont 'd ) you can not do that again . frank what do I ...? adele my son be not you look out . Frank and Adele stare each other down . adele ( cont 'd ) he 's not you accomplice and I do not want he do that again . Frank tighten up . do she remember who I be ? int . henry 's bedroom — same 78 Henry take a little feeder and bring it to the tiny mouth of he pet hamster Joe . he can still hear the warble of Frank and Adele talk downstairs . int . kitchen , adele 's house - same 79 frank now Adele , it be just a neighbor . adele it do not matter . frank do not forget what 's go on here . adele not for a second . ( however ) there have not be a man in this house for a while now . I see how he look at you . what he want . that encouragement - a pat on he shoulder so badly . and I want it for he . but not for that . 34 . frank I can not promise what 's go to show up at the door . adele ( believe I ) I know . a beat . frank okay , then . a look between the two of they resolve the conversation . Frank grab a peach , take a bite . frank ( cont 'd ) good peach . too bad they be all so ripe . never get through ‘em all . adele we should throw away most of they before they rot . frank I have another idea . 80 begin : the greatest pie making scene in cinema history 80 ( note : we will show Frank in the moment with Henry & Adele and crosscut with Frank & Mandy as teenager ) Frank , Adele , and Henry stand at the kitchen table peel the peach and chopping they into piece . frank this recipe be teach to I by the wisest woman I ever know . 81 franks grandmother chopping peach with teenage frank 81 Adele and Henry 's pile of chop peach build . frank not so even . we want variety . 82 int . adele 's kitchen - day 82 Frank go through Adele 's pantry , pull ingredient . 35 . 83 teenage frank and mandy grabbing ingredient 83 84 int . adele 's kitchen - day 84 a pie dish be set out . frank fill be easy . what I want to talk about be crust . we need to keep we ingredient cool . hot day like this be challenge enough . we need to move fast . phone ring when you be make a crust , you just let they call back . Frank scoops three cup of flour into a bowl . follow it with a pinch of salt . adele how much salt be that ? frank ( hold he finger and thumb apart ) Bout that much ... ( smile ) pie crust be a forgive thing . you can make all kind of mistake , but do not forget the salt . Frank open the fridge . nothing in the butter tray . frank ( cont 'd ) that 's right . no butter . adele Mrs. farnsworth probably have some . Henry look to Frank . frank what be you wait for ? listen to you mother . Times a tick . Henry run out . 85 ext . adele 's STREET - day 85 Henry run to the farnsworth house . we dolly with he , backyard to backyard , give we a nice view of the neighborhood and its seclusion . 36 . Mrs. farnsworth answer the door . mrs . farnsworth oh , hi Henry . how can I help you ? henry can we borrow a stick of butter ? mrs . farnsworth be you mom baking ? henry we be make pie . mrs . farnsworth well , okay ... I 'il be right back . 86 int . adele 's kitchen 86 Henry slap down the stick of butter next to a can of crisco . frank hank , before you sit one of the great dilemma of life : sure butter have superior flavor , but nothing beat lard for flakiness . all you life you will meet people who will try to convince you of one over the other . what do you think we do ? Henry think hard . henry use both ? frank ( smile ) smart boy , Adele . crisco and butter go into the bowl with the flour . Frank hold Adele 's hand , Adele hold Henry 's hand , and Henry hold the fork as they cut the butter / lard into the flour . flash image : teenage frank and mandy cutting the mix frank ( cont 'd ) it 's all about instinct . pay too much attention to recipe and you forget how to feel . it 's like read a book on gardening when all you get to do be get dirt underneath you fingernails . it 's like dance , right Adele ? 37 . Frank and Adele share a smile . Frank pull a pitcher of water from the fridge and begin to sparingly add it to the content of the bowl . frank ( cont 'd ) most people drow they mix . sure , they get a perfect look ball of dough but nobody 's give prize for that . might as well be eat cardboard . 87 flash image : mandy throws a piece of dough at frank 87 Frank take Adele 's hand . frank ( quietly to Adele ) get you hand in there , but do not over handle . there 's heat in you hand - keep it loose - that 's it ... should be right on the verge of crumble at any moment . Henry mix it with he hand before Frank grab the dough and drop it on a piece of wax paper . * teenage frank take he grandmother 's rolling pin adult Frank take a nearby wine bottle and use it as a roll pin flatten out the dough . Close up on the texture . crack and hole like the desert floor . frank ( cont 'd ) oh this be look real good . patch up that hole now . Frank and Henry grab extra piece of dough and fill the hole . Frank use he palm to flatten the extra piece . Henry mirror he every move . frank ( cont 'd ) heel of the hand . franks grandmother show young frank the heel of he hand teenage frank show mandy the heel of her hand adult frank show adele the heel of her hand 38 . frank ( cont 'd ) people buy all this fancy gadget . sometimes the best tool be right there attach to you own body . the pie plate be place upside down on the dough . then , use everyone 's hand , the plate be flip over with the dough inside . Frank peel off the wax paper . frank ( cont 'd ) beauty . Frank shake some tapioca along the inside . frank ( cont 'd ) Gram 's secret ingredient . scatter little tapioca like salt on a icy road . cure for a soggy crust . ( to Henry ) alright , fill ’er up hank . Henry start fill the pie with peach . mandy eat a slice of peach . teen frank play slap her hand Adele and Frank flatten out another piece of dough to cover the pie . Frank demonstrate how to use the heel of she hand . frank ( cont 'd ) ( look over to Henry ) just a little more sugar . not too sweet . Frank sprinkle a little cinnamon over the chop peach . and after a good minute of commotion , everything now stop . Frank be hold a wax paper sheet with the top layer of dough . it need to be flip on top of the pie , but they have make it so flaky that it look as though it could go everywhere . frank ( cont 'd ) moment of truth . can not hesitate . mandy holding the wax paper sheet cover in dough . unsure . frank ( cont 'd ) can not go too fast . call for a steady hand ... and a steady heart . I think you can handle this Adele . Adele look down at the pie . 88 89 39 . adult henry ( v.o. ) I do not know when my mom 's hand start shaking exactly . CUT to : adelem trembling hand 88 apply lipstick . thread a needle . holding she cello . int . kitchen , adele 's house - same 89 Adele take the top crust in she hand . she hold she breath . she look to Frank . he smile with confidence . franks grandmother quickly flip her waxpaper sheet mandy quickly flip her waxpaper sheet with a shriek Adele hesitates . her hand shake . with one hand , Frank steady she wrist . frank help I put a roof on this house . ( quietly ) you can do this . I know you can . Adele take a breath , then quickly flip the crust on top of the peach . it 's perfect . her face immediately warm . frank ( cont 'd ) perfect . all three pinch the end to finish off the pie . a few fork hole in the top , a brush of milk , and a sprinkle of sugar dust it to completion . Adele place it in the oven . mandy shut the oven and kiss teenage frank Adele shut she oven and smile . adele how long ? franks grandmother give a wise look to camera franks grandmother bake she till she smell like pie . 90 91 92 93 40 . a beat as the joy of pie make settles over the three of they . frank ( to Henry ) even the richest man in America be not eat tastier pie than we be tonight . Adele be hold the pair knife . after consider whether she should put it in she pocket , she put it back in the drawer . CUT to : int . live room , adele 's house - later that evening 90 Adele and Frank be share a corner of the couch , eat they slice of pie . there be a intimacy between they that Adele do not dare acknowledge . Henry be on the floor play a handheld pacman . his empty pie plate beside he . with she son 's back turn , Adele slightly lean back into Frank , expose she neck a inch . Frank lower he chin . Adele close she eye . ext . bus stop - day 91 teenage Frank , in military dress , kissing Mandy 's neck . int . bus - day 92 teenage Frank look out the window . he begin to pull away . Mandy have already turn . int . adele 's live room - night 93 Frank 's lip touch Adele 's neck silently . henry 's Pov - the screen of he pacman reflect Frank and Adele on the sofa . just as we hear the quietest kiss ... a wash of light cut across the window . Frank walk over and take a look outside . franks Pov - a police cruise patrol the street , use a side lamp to see into the shadow . 94 95 41 . frank I should go . they will not be back for a few hour . it 's as good a window as I be go to get . Adele and Henry look up . it 's clear they want he to stay . adele be you sure ? frank I be not just think ' bout myself . adele maybe tomorrow once you stitches have have a little more time . frank they will not stop look , Adele . Henry watch this negotiation with rapt attention . henry they have dog that can smell you blood . you should probably let you stitches heal . Frank look at Henry . really ? henrys nod . adult henry ( v.o. ) this be a complete fabrication . adele you should stay . int . upstair corridor , adele 's house - night 94 henry 's Pov of the downstairs sofa . it 's empty . we turn to Adele 's door . Light shine from underneath . perhaps we hear Frank play Adele 's cello like a bass . int . henry '’s bedroom , adele 's house - night 95 Henry be hold he hamster , Joe . his fellow prisoner . he say good night to he pet and move to he bed . the room go dead quiet . we hear only the sound come from Adele 's room . the adjustment of two people in bed together for the first time . a preamble of noise , that be not easily discernible ... Henry try to interpret what sound like ... 96 97 42 . footstep ... short thud ... a sheet untucked ... a hand grab a bed frame ... a bed spring ... we slowly descend over Henry , hold he baseball , well aware of the wall that separate we from Adele 's room . the bed noise continue . not in a profane way . Rather a new couple find they rhythm . adult henry ( v.o. ) Rhythm . this be the word that burrow into my brain as I listen to they late night conversation quietly dissipate . I think about that word - rhythm - and whether my mom think Frank have it . int . classroom - a day in the past 96 push in on Henry at he desk , stare forward . adult henry ( v.o. ) somewhere around spring , it happen for the first time . the stiffening . we reach Henry and turn to see the object of he gaze : rachel mccann 's brastrap , barely peek out from she collar . adult henry ( v.o. ) show up like a drunk crash a party . never leave when tell . we catch glimpse of Henry 's gaze : rachel 's thigh as she stand and she skirt rise . the line of she bra clasp through the back of she shirt . the elastic band of she underwear riding a millimeter above she waistline . adult henry ( v.o. ) this be the image I return to at night ... int . henry 's bedroom - night 97 Henry lose in think . adult henry ( v.o. ) «+. particularly now that the evening be no longer silent . 98 99 100 101 102 43. int . live room , adele 's house - next morning 98 Henry enter and walk by the sofa where Frank 's pillow and blanket remain fold . it be clear he sleep with Adele the night before . he walk to the record player and put on one of he mother 's folk album . Leonard Cohen ? Karen dalton ? this music accompany we as we see Frank work on the house . int . stairwell , adele 's house - morning 99 Frank hammer down a loose floorboard . adult henry ( v.o. ) the next day , Frank fix the loose floorboard on the stair . int . kitchen , adele 's house - morning 100 Frank spray the hinge on the kitchen door . Adele hand Frank a mug of coffee . adult henry ( v.o. ) he get the squeak out of the kitchen door . ext . adele 's backyard - day 101 Frank find a patch of tall grass . Adele and Henry help he flatten it with they foot in a four foot square . frank cold weather 's come , but with enough straw , chicken winter over just fine . all they need 's a warm body to huddle up to in the night . int . garage - day 102 the car be up on a jack . Henry roll the spare tire over . Frank be loosen the lug nut . frank I 'il tell you now , you do not want to wait to learn how to fix it . not if you have get some lady in the seat beside you when it happen . 103 104 105 106 107 44 , together they pull the rear tire off and set it down . CUT to : frank folding laundry with adele 103 adult henry ( v.o. ) he do laundry . he irone . and in return my mom teach he to rumba . adele walking frank through a few move . adele one , two , three ... bring you foot back , four , five , six ... that 's it . Frank be get it . int . live room , adele 's house - day 104 over Frank 's shoulder , we look out the window to see Henry bike away . adult henry ( v.o. ) for lunch , Frank think it only right that we fire up the barbecue . so he send I to pick up grocery . ext . adele 's house - day 105 in a shot we will repeat later , Henry come bike down the front lawn and continue down the street . ext . suburb - day 106 Henry bike past people celebrate the long weekend . kid play in sprinkler . Men scrape off bbq . int . corner grocery - day 107 Henry be fill a shopping cart . he 's get a grocery list . again , we see shopper dress for the holiday , prepare for holiday cook out . Henry grab a package of ground beef from the butcher . then pass a familiar budweiser ad of woman stare back . 108 109 45 . beverage aisle 108 Henry walk past a fourteen year old girl with braid hair and a bulky sweater over toothpick leg - eleanor . Henry grab a six pack of Coke . eleanor you know drink from aluminum give you Alzheimer 's . Henry try to hide the thrill of be speak to by a strange girl . there 's something dark and unusual about she . henry be that true ? eleanor uh huh . it 's the perfect crime cause you never remember how you get it . Henry do not know how to respond . eleanor ( cont 'd ) be there anything to do in this town ? henry there 's bowl ? she be not impressed . before Henry can think of something ... adult man ( 0.c. ) Eleanor !... get over here ... Eleanor wave goodbye then wisp around the corner give Henry a chance to gain he breath . CUT to : check stand 109 Henry be place fresh ingredient on the conveyer belt . meanwhile , a female shopper be chat with the grocer . shopper he 's probably halfway to California by now . grocery if you ask I , he 's hole up in someone 's house . wait for thing to cool down . 46 . shopper I just can not get he face out of my head . the worst part be know a man like that have nothing to lose . life , to a person like that , be worth about ten cent . grocery probably have some family tie up in they basement . they 'il get he eventually . they always do . just hopefully before ... ( notice Henry ) oh , hey Henry , how 's you mother ? henry she 's do great . the grocer start to ring Henry up . we look up over Henry 's shoulder at he . a child 's Pov of a adult . grocery ( be : the grocery ) where 's all the can goods ? you usually look like you be plan for a tornado . henry yeah , special recipe . the grocer pick up a man 's razor amongst Henry 's item . grocery Henry , this be a man 's razor . you mom want one of the pink one on aisle seven . henry it 's not for my mom . the grocer raise a eyebrow . henry ( cont 'd ) it 's for I . the grocer examine Henry 's face . he look suspicious . grocery practice ? henry yeah . 109a 112 47 . grocery alright , just do I a favor and keep the plastic cap on , okay ? ext . MAIN STREET , holton mill - day 109a * Henry be walk he bike with the grocery bag on the handle * bar when he stop in front of a window display for a * clothing store . in the display be a family of mannequin on * what look like a camp trip . the father be wear a peach * plaid short sleeve shirt . Henry check he money . * ext . suburban STREET - day 110 Henry walk with the two bag of grocery hang from he * handle bar . a group of kid whiz by on bike . * Henry come upon a stretch of tree , each one staple with a police warning feature franks prison photo . Henry see a policeman , officer treadwell actually stapling one next to he squad car . he tip he hat to Henry . officer treadwell keep a eye out , alright ? Henry nod . int . entryway , adele 's house - day 111 Henry get the door open with he foot and enter , carry the grocery . he head to the kitchen , kick the door * close with he heel . we follow it until it almost close , * but do not . * henry Mom ? no answer . fear strike Henry - do Frank run away with Adele ? int . kitchen , adele 's house - day 112 Henry walk in and set the grocery down . he see Frank and Adele sit on the swing on the back porch . frank ( quietly ) I be nineteen year old . 112a a47aa . adele ( quietly ) you be just a boy ... ext . adele 's house - day 112a a station wagon pull up next to the house . the driver , a woman in she early forty , open the back passenger door and remove a fold wheelchair . it open with a '' click '' . * 112b 112c 112d 47a . int . kitchen , adele 's house - day 112b Henry get closer to the window . frank ( quietly ) eighteen year in stir . when I see that open window , I know there be a reason to jump . ext . adele 's house - day 112 '' the wheelchair be pull up Adele 's front step , one at a time , landing with a thud on each wooden plank . int . kitchen , adele 's house - day 112d Henry be now stand right next to the window , inch away from Frank and Adele . woman 's voice ( 0.c. ) Adele ?! where be you ?! Henry shoot a look to the front door , to see evelyn , walk from the entryway into the live room . there be not enough time to warn Frank . he run through the dining room and into the ... * +e * hf * 113 114 48. int . live room - day 113 Henry catch Evelyn , he mother 's only friend and a demand harsh one at that . evelyn oh , hi Henry . where 's you mother ? henry I do not know ... evelyn I need she to watch Barry . we pivot around Evelyn , to find she son barry outside the front door sit in a wheelchair . we quickly can tell by the way he 's move he arm that he be developmentally disabled . evelyn ( cont 'd ) adele ? Evelyn go for the kitchen . evelyn ( cont 'd ) ( to Henry ) keep a eye on Barry , would you ? henry I think my mom 's upstairs . Evelyn stop and switch to the stair . Henry wait a second for Evelyn to clear the landing , then run into ... int . kitchen , adelem house 114 Henry run right into frank holding a knife to Adele . or be he hold Adele and the knife be just there . the moment be confusing . he stop Henry and shhhh 's .... he . he push Adele out the kitchen . adele ( a little shake ) Evelyn , be that you ? Henry go to follow , but Frank grab he and pull he back . henry ( explain ) I say I would watch Barry . Frank peak out the kitchen . he see a piece of the wheelchair outside the front door . he think . then nod and send Henry out . 49 . as Henry walk up to Barry , we begin hearing Evelyn ask Adele for a favor as they descend the stair . adele it 's just not the best timing . evelyn they be not expect my dad to hold on long . adele normally , I would not think twice ... evelyn I do not have any other option , Adele . adele look , I want to help you , but ... evelyn I promise he will be good . come on , you be not go anywhere ... they be back stand next to Henry . Evelyn begin smoothing down she son 's hair . evelyn ( cont 'd ) ( to Barry ) do you remember heeeeenry and he mooooom and all the good time you have have here ? henry hey Barry , how 's it go ? Barry gurgle back . syllables lose in saliva . evelyn please . one mother to another . I would not ask if I be not desperate . a long beat before Adele drop she shoulder . adele okay . evelyn thank you , thank you , thank you . I owe you . ( already leave ) I will be back by the end of the night . it 's about two hour drive . just put he chair in front of the tv . he love cartoon . 50 . and just like that , she 's go . Henry pull Barry 's chair into the entryway and Adele shut the door . Frank walk into the room . we be not quite sure what he think of all this for a second . and then ... frank hey Barry , you look mighty toasty in all that clothes . Barry be sweat in a parka . adele ( take off the parka ) I swear , she dress he for winter in August . frank ( smile to Barry ) you get here just in time . we need a third baseman . ext . adele 's backyard - day 115 we see makeshift basis be laid out . Frank lower Barry into a lawn chair , then unbrim he red sox hat from pricemart and slide it onto Barry 's head , who gurgle back with joy . frank I be Frank by the way . Barry gurgle back a sound that vaguely resemble fwaann . frank ( cont 'd ) that 's right , Frank . pleasure to meet you . Frank walk over to Henry who be glove he new baseball . frank ( cont 'd ) alright , let 's see that arm . henry do not get you hope up . frank ( not have any of it ) want to run that by I again ? 51 . Henry quickly quiet . they take position around thirty foot away from each other . Frank pause , then throw it right into Henry 's glove with a little heat . adult henry ( v.o. ) thing be , when Frank throw the ball , I catch it . they continue to throw the ball back and forth . int . jervis 's house - same 116 jervis look out the window and something catch he eye . from he angle , it appear that Henry be have a game of catch with a unseen person behind the house . he see Henry in the backyard toss the ball . a moment later it be throw back , strong and true , by someone out of jervis 's sight - line . he frown . ext . backyard , adelem house 117 Frank teach Henry to hit . he start by adjust Henry 's stance . position he elbow . flash image : adele teaching henry to dance 118 frank wind up to pitch henry a ball 119 frank ( whisper ) see the ball . henry ( whisper ) see the ball . Frank throw and Henry connect . Barry hoot . Adele cheer . frank there it be . if I have a whole season to really work with you , we could really get somewhere . ( turn to Adele ) alright , you turn . adele no. 120 121 122 52 . frank come on . you know I will not take no for a answer . Frank help Adele up . he begin positioning she , almost like a dancer . he 's behind she , form he body to hers , ina batter 's stance . frank ( cont 'd ) alright hank , bring we the heat . Henry take position . he throw the ball . Frank and Adele swing the bat crack the ball far . Barry yelp . they continue to play as we hear ... adult henry ( v.o. ) during Frank 's two year in Vietnam , he receive only one letter from Mandy . omitted 120 ext . bus station - day 121 Frank step off the bus . adult henry ( v.o . ) it come out of nowhere , just day before the end of he tour . Mandy , dress to seduce , run up and grab he . there 's something coarse about the way she kiss he . int . franks bedroom - day 122 Mandy push Frank onto the bed . she 's down at he foot take off he boot . mandy I bet you have be starve for this , right , baby ? or all you get be yellow girl ? Frank be catch up in the momentum but we can tell thing be move a little fast for he . Mandy ride Frank in a uncomfortable bit of love make . she seem on a mission . adult henry ( v.o. ) there be not a exact moment when she ask to be he girlfriend . * 123 124 125 125a 126 53. int . franks bathroom - the next day 123 * Mandy be set up she cosmetics . adult henry ( v.o. ) her clothes . her underwear . deodorant , hot roller , nail kit seem to all arrive at once . ext . franks grandpparent farm -— day 124 Frank be check the knee high corn . Mandy come run up . * adult henry ( v.o . ) * a couple week later , she come home * from the doctor with news . * mandy you must - a-bin store it all up so long , that sperm of yours be three time as powerful as regular . frank guess we good fortune just come early . int . judge's chamber - day 125 * Frank and Mandy be marry in a civil ceremony . adult henry ( v.o . ) they marry in fall . * int . corridor , court house - day 125a * Mandy excitedly share the news into a pay phone while Frank * stand nearby look on . * adult henry ( v.o . ) * a few month later , the baby * arrive . early . * int . delivery room , hospital - day 126 Frank be escort in by a nurse . he look at Mandy hold they baby . the infant have noticeably red hair . adult henry ( v.o. ) Frank be twenty one year old . 127 53a . int . live room , adele 's house - night 127 close encounters be on tv . the group watch , exhaust from the day . Henry practice he new grip of the baseball . Frank enter with a cold washcloth and pat Barry 's forehead . then the back of he neck . it 's a incredibly tender act that have as much effect on Adele and Henry as it do on Barry . 54 . the movie fade out and a teaser for the late news come up . anchor woman 2 tonight at llpm , more on escape convict Frank Chambers . we psychologist weigh in on what to expect from a murderer on the run and where he might be hide ... that and more at eleven . a commercial come up . the room get quiet . frank I may not be innocent but I be not a murderer . adele ( want to believe ) the man I have meet do not seem capable . Adele look deep into Frank 's eye . they bond be so strong that Henry do not dare move or make a sound . they could stay like this all night , but headlight cut across the window . they look outside to see Evelyn 's station wagon pull up outside . without a word , Frank begin up the stair . adele ( cont 'd ) alright , Barry , look like you mother be here . Adele open the front door as Evelyn make she way in . adele ( cont 'd ) how 's you father ? evelyn it 's complicated and not all good , but he 's under supervision . ( use she Barry voice ) do you have a good time today ? Barry coo . the tv turn to a news update . it 's a report on Frank . anchor woman 2 no further luck in find escape prisoner Frank Chambers today ... the news piece continue . Adele and Henry try not to change they demeanor . Barry be profile to the tv and have not notice Frank 's photo . 55 . adele ( push they to leave ) well , we have have a busy day ... evelyn I have be on the road for two hour . can I trouble you for water ? News footage of a road block , as police check car after car . then , the tv go full screen on Frank 's photo . Barry 's head swivel , try to get comfortable . adele ( try to stay calm ) Henry , go grab Evelyn some water . Henry head to the kitchen . evelyn be he difficult ? adele not at all . we have the best time with Barry . we go outside ... threw the ball around ... Barry 's head stop . his eye lock on the tv . evelyn do you put on sunscreen ? adele of course ... of course . barry fwa ...? Evelyn continue to go on about she son 's sensitive skin . Barry be desperately try to get she attention . barry ( cont 'd ) ( to he mom ) fwak ... fwak ... evelyn yes , I know , we be go . the tv report continue to detail Frank 's escape . his mug shot never leave the screen Henry return with the water . Evelyn take a sip . 128 56 . barry ( get impatient ) fwak , fwak ... fwak ...! it 's loud and border on a seizure . Adele and Henry watch , try to stay calm . Adele 's hand begin to tremble . Evelyn be simply annoyed . evelyn okay , I know . we be go home . I just need a sip of water ... Barry grab he mother 's wrist . he yank she in the direction of the screen . barry fw 's rank ! for the first time , Barry have truly pronounce the name . Evelyn pause . stare at the tv . she look back at Barry . evelyn ( sternly ) we will watch tv when we get home . barry ( grab she wrist again ) fw ' rank ... Evelyn slap barry hard across the face . evelyn stop it . the hit make Henry and Adele jump . Barry stop . everything stop . evelyn ( cont 'd ) you need some rest . she begin wheeling Barry out . ext . adele 's house - night 128 Adele and Henry watch Evelyn 's station wagon drive off . Barry silent in the back seat . 129 57 . int . bathroom , adele 's house - night 129 Henry finish brush he tooth . he rinse off the brush and go to leave , when he hear murmure from he mother 's bedroom . as Henry get closer to the door , we begin to hear the conversation . adele ( 0.c . ) you be so young ... why do not you appeal ? frank ( 0.c . ) do not know ... think I get what I deserve . adele ( 0.c . ) you do not still feel that now ...? frank ( 0.c. ) now it do not matter . adele ( 0.c. ) be you scared ? frank ( 0.c . ) in prison ? sure . adele ( 0.c . ) no , when you jump . frank ( 0.c . ) oh. ( give it a think ) do not even think about it . Henry slowly open the door until he can peek into the room . Frank be lie shirtless on the bed . Adele lie across he , with she head on he chest . she 's slowly trace the scar on he abdomen with cotton and antiseptic . adele I can not imagine not be free . frank can not call myself free till I can walk down the street . Arm around you . adele I would like that . frank take you on road trip to place we do not know a soul . 58 . adele like on the run ? frank yeah , bonnie . on the run . this catch Henry 's attention . after a beat , something occur to Adele . adele I bet they would not care who you be in nova scotia . frank in Canada ? adele or Prince Edward Island . nobody bother you up there . frank you be ? adele once , when I be little . it 's beautiful . village and beach and salt water marsh . someone could just fall in there . frank cold ? adele you be a tough guy . I think you could take it . frank too cold to grow thing ? adele it 's mostly farm . frank sound nice . Henry begin to imagine it himself . a beat as they all soak in Prince Edward Island . 130 59 . frank ( cont 'd ) I notice a spot under the shower where the water 's find its way under the linoleum . do not want dry rot . go to tackle that tomorrow . adele maybe it do not matter . int . henry 's bedroom - night 130 Henry in bed . lose in think . we hear sound come from the next room . muffled sound that could be sex , and yet could easily be something else . and then ... we be in a dream ... int . classroom — day the same one in which we find Henry check out Rachel . only now it 's empty and the girl seat before he be Eleanor from the grocery store . she stand up and turn around . stare into he naive eye . eleanor what do you want to do ? henry I do not know . she unbutton she blouse , revealing ... nothing . like a ghost , we can see the classroom behind Eleanor between the open in she blouse . Henry pause . he simply do not have the life experience to fill in the information . eleanor I think you know ... come on ... just say it ... we see flash of woman from the cover of magazine and billboard . woman stare with desire in they eye . back to Eleanor . eleanor ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? she laugh . just as Henry be completely overwhelm , we ... CUT to : eh fh fh fh HH % 60 . 132 int . stair - morning 132 Henry be walk downstairs , when he again hear Frank and Adele chat . this time in the kitchen . adele ( 0.c . ) I have a little money . after my mom die , I sell the house . it 's just sit in my savings account . frank ( 0.c. ) would not need much to start over . adele ( 0.c. ) just someplace safe . 133 int . kitchen , adele 's house - day 133 Henry walk in to find Adele sit on the counter . Frank be nearby wash dish . frank Morning sport . adele how have you sleep ? henry Fine . how about you ? Adele and Frank share a laugh . Henry do not quite get it . he do not like be outside the joke . particularly when it come to he mom . adele well , I be wonder if you could do I a little favor . frank a little top secret research , if you follow ? henry ( skeptical . feeling replace ) Research on what ? 134 135 136 61 . adele just a little trip to the library to find a book on Prince Edward Island . it 's a place in Canada you grandparent use to take I . henry what for ? adele well , Frank can not stay here forever . henry you be go to Canada ? frank ( to Henry ) you mom say it 's beautiful . adele I have always mean to take you there . can you pick up the book , hank ? Henry look at he mom . now she 's use the nickname ? frank you would be do you mother and I a big favor . ext . suburban STREET - day 134 Henry ride he bike . he pass multiple front yard cook out . we be remind of the long weekend by the amount of get - together and picnic and slip -n-slide . ext . library - day 135 Henry pull up to a weekend library sale . older literary type and kid go through bin of use book and table of homemade pastry . Henry cycle past and park in a empty bike stand . int . library - day 136 Henry use the card catalogue . Henry follow the dewey decimal till he reach a thin volume on Prince Edward Island . he also grab a couple general Canada book . 62 . Henry sit down at a research desk . there 's only one other person in the room . Eleanor . she sit on a leather chair , chew on a braid , read a book . so , Eleanor look um . I be no , henry ( a soft try ) you find one of we city 's hot spot . up and just stare at Henry like he 's crazy . henry ( cont 'd ) ( immediately embarrassed ) -. we talk at the grocery ... sorry , I do not mean to ... eleanor that be good . confidence be a very attractive quality in a man . this throw Henry off further . he attempt small talk . oh , henry okay ... so , do you go to school around here ? eleanor I just move here from Chicago . I be suppose to try out live with my dad oh , this year . henry what happen ? a beat as Eleanor consider whether or not to get into it . the eleanor official reason be I have a eat disorder and they be hope a new school environment will help , but really I think my mom just want to get rid of I so she can fool around with she boyfriend . henry I understand . this guy just move in with my mom and I . and do no , eleanor she do not even consult you , she ? henry I mean , he kind of just show up . 63. eleanor and now he want you out . henry I do not think so . eleanor he will . so they can have sex . henry I think they already be . eleanor so the clock be tick . Eleanor give the motion of a tick clock before return to she book . henry what be you read ? eleanor I be investigate my legal rights . you see I get into the this really great private school where they mainly focus on drama , no one care about sport or what kind of clothes you wear . the teacher stay off you case . it 's really elevate . but at the last minute , my parent say they do not have the money . henry could they get a loan ? eleanor oh , they have the money . they be just use I as a pawn in they sick little game . I write a letter to the school . ask if I could exchange service for tuition . janitorial . whatever . I have not receive a response . Henry move over to she with he book . eleanor ( cont 'd ) how about you ? henry it 's for my mother . she want to know if Canada might be a good place to move . 64 . eleanor how do you feel about that ? move ? leave you friend . I be ask because that 's what I have to do , and frankly , I consider it child abuse . henry I do not know . Canada seem nice . eleanor do you even know if they be take you ? henry my mom would not leave I behind . eleanor when people have sex with each other it affect they brain . they can not see thing normally . it 's like a drug . henry I be not sure if that 's true . eleanor look it up . it 's clinically prove . you can not blame she . it 's like he cast a spell on she or something . with he penis . Henry try not to react to she say this word . henry I can hear they in the night . say each other 's name . eleanor so , he 's a sex addict . you do not have a oedipus complex where you want to marry you mom , do you ? henry ( quickly ) no , I like regular girl . I like my mom in the mom way . eleanor ( measure he ) right. ( back to business ) well , you be probably go to need a intervention . maybe even need to deprogram she . 137 138 65 . henry deprogram she ? eleanor yeah . ( a think ) this guy ... do he have charisma ? henry ( he do ) I think so . Eleanor just nod . eleanor too bad you mom and my dad could not get together before this boyfriend person show up . of course , then if you and I get marry , it would be kind of like incest . henry my mother do not normally date anyway . eleanor I see only one hope for you . you need to find a way to get he out of you life . henry I do not know if that 's possible . eleanor either you get rid of he . or he will probably get rid of you . this land heavily on Henry . ext . side yard , adele 's house - day 137 Henry walk along the side with the book from the library . he 's look for Adele , but do not see she . ext . corner , adele 's house - day 138 Henry begin to hear he mom and Frank speak in the backyard . he stop to listen . Frank and Adele share a sweet moment . frank ( 0.c. ) could not take a lot . pack car might seem suspicious . adele ( 0.c . ) we would just start drive ? just like that ? frank ( 0.c . ) you would not be able to tell you friend . adele ( 0.c . ) no one to tell really . ( a think ) my ex-husband would never let I take Henry away . frank ( 0.c . ) you know what that would mean ? Henry wait for the end of this think , when Frank round the corner with a stripping knife . frank ( cont 'd ) hey , you just get back ? henry ( nervous ) yeah , I ... get the book . adele ( enter ) hey , kiddo . frank hey buddy , you get back just in the nick of time . we be give the porch a new coat . want to help scrape the paint with I ? adele Frank think we could knock out this job in no time if we all pitch in . we can read Henry 's lack of trust . henry no thanks . it upset Henry . * * 139 67 . Adele be confuse . adele I think it would be a fun project for we to do together . you could fill we in on what you learn at the library . Henry think about what he learn . brainwash . deprogramm . Frank place a firm hand on Henry 's shoulder . frank I think you should help you mother here , son . Henry look back at Frank . henry stop pretend to be my dad . Frank withdraw he hand . Henry leave the room . adele come on , Henry ... int . live room , adele 's house - day 139 Henry settles in front of the tv . the Jerry Lewis telethon be on . Henry 's eye wander and he notice the newspaper - Frank 's face be on the cover again . he pick it up . adult henry ( v.o. ) if price be a indication of how intent the police be on capture a suspect , they sure want Frank bad . Big word spell out that there be now a ten thousand dollar reward for Frank 's capture . adult henry ( v.o. ) ten thousand dollar . I could buy a dirt bike ... a video camera ... a paintball gun ... we see catalogue image of each of this item . frank ( 0.c . ) not a very flatter picture . Henry drop the paper as he notice Frank stand above he , hold the paint scraper . 68 . frank ( cont 'd ) I be think we could throw around the ball for a bit . on tv - Jerry Lewis be next to a girl in leg brace . jerry lewis ( on tv ) what do you say friend ? do not Angela deserve a chance like the rest of we ? henry I be watch a show . Frank take a beat . frank listen , there will never be a day you be not numero uno in she book , and I would never change that . to be fair , Henry do not know what to believe . henry it 's Sunday night . my dad 's pick I up soon so you probably should not be out . Frank back down . nod and head back to join Adele . Henry have a moment of satisfaction by he ability to stand up for himself . applause from the telethon . 140 ext . adele 's house - early evening 140 Henry walk up to he father 's minivan . 141 int . live room , adele 's house - same 141 Frank and Adele peer out the window . frank that the fool who walk out on you ? 142 int . minivan - early evening 142 Henry sit down next to he half - sister chloe . his step - brother richard do not look up from he walkman . marjorie , Henry 's stepmom turn to face the backseat . 69 . marjorie give you brother a kiss . Chloe kiss Henry on the cheek . Richard give a nod . they begin drive . marjorie ( cont 'd ) ( pain ) how 's you mother do , Henry ? henry do great . marjorie ( rehearse ) now that school 's start , it would be a great time for you mom to find a job . you know , with all the kid go back to school . waitress a few night a week or something along that line . just to get she out of the house ... bring in a little cash . henry she have a job already . marjorie I know . the telemarkete . I be think , maybe something a little more dependable . even Richard think he mom be be a little cunty . 143 int . friendlys - night 143 one of they famous sundae be construct in foreground . the family sit around a booth . a image of child who would much prefer they parent to actually separate and stop try to do the right thing by force they all together . gerald so , seventh grade . how bout that ? nod . gerald ( cont 'd ) Richard 's be think of go out for lacrosse , have not you Rich ? 70 . richard yeah , maybe . gerald ( to Henry ) how about you pal ? lacrosse ? maybe soccer ? probably not football until you put a little more meat on that bone , eh ? henry I be think of signing up for the modern dance group . Henry receive the intend reaction . Richard snicker . gerald I be not sure that would be such a good move . marjorie I know how you mother feel about dance , but people might get the wrong idea . gerald they might think ... richard they might think you be gay . marjorie richie ... henry or they might think I like girl in tight . Richard be actually get a kick out of this new side of Henry . Gerald switch gear . gerald you two be reach that stage of life . probably time for we to have a little man-to- man conversation . richard I already have that with my real dad . gerald ( to Henry ) that just leave you and I . 144 71 . henry it 's okay . I be up to speed . gerald I be sure you mother 's give you the basic , but there be some thing a guy need to find out from a man . marjorie it can be difficult if you do not have a man around the house . henry ( quietly ) who say I do not ? marjorie ( sigh ) before you know it , you two boy will probably start go out on date . couple of lady - killer . if I be still in seventh grade , I would think you two be the cutest . richard Gross , if you be still in seventh grade , I would not be bear . henry not to mention , it would be incest . the table stop . the conversation be over . Henry smile . ext . friendlys - night 144 marjorie be put Chloe in the car . Richard be still use headphone . Henry and he dad be have a moment , whether he like it or not . gerald be you serious about a guy be around the house ? Henry have to disguise that he enjoy he father caring . henry what do you care ? gerald you be my son . I have like to know who 's around . 145 146 147 72 . henry thanks . a long moment . gerald so ...? ext . adele 's house - night 145 Henry hop out of the car and head up to the door . Gerald notice the sound of jazz music come from the house . it strike he as strange . he wave goodbye as marjorie roll up the window . int . entryway , adele 's house - night 146 Henry enter to the sound of Jazz . a record be spin . around a corner in the kitchen , Adele be teach Frank a bouncy step . he 's hold she hand and shuffle he heel . Henry watch this sweet moment with jealousy . it 's similar to the flashback of Henry learn to dance . the air of replacement be heavy and painful . int . kitchen , adele 's house - night 147 Adele see Henry and quickly hop over to pull the needle off the record . Frank collapse against the counter in a shadow . frank you mother 's some kind of dancer . most people would not tackle the lindy in this weather . henry yeah , it be a little loud . adele it 's just music . Adele open the fridge to cool off . henry ( obviously jealous ) I just figure we be try to avoid attention . adele oh , come on hank , you can have the next dance . 73 . henry ( begin to leave ) I be tired . I be go to bed . adele Henry wait . there 's something we want to talk to you about . the word '' we '' make Henry 's back stiffen . adele ( cont 'd ) after you father leave , I think I would be alone forever . I do not think I would care about anyone else besides you . henry ( just word ) I be really happy for you . adele we be think Canada would be a good place to start over . henry Canada ? adele they speak English ... frank ... do not need passport to get across the border . Frank take a step forward into the fridge light . for the first time , Henry notice that Frank have dyed he hair black and cut it short . he look ten year young . frank ( cont 'd ) thanks for the research , bud . Adele exhales . she have big news . adele we have decide to go together . Henry be close to a boil . henry ( to he mother ) will I ever see you again ? adele what be you talk about ? 148 149 henry do you even care about what happen to I ? adele what ...? do you think I have ...? we be all go . henry really ? Adele rush in and hug she son . adele I would never leave you . ( step back ) you have have to leave school and you could not tell anyone . we would just pack the car and go . henry what about the roadblock ? frank they be look for a man travel alone . adele they will not be expect a family . ext . tea cup ride - day Frank , Adele , and Henry spin the ride faster . adult henry ( v.o. ) a family . int . kitchen , adele 's house - night Frank step up to Henry . frank come spring , I 'il have you so you could field a bullet if it land in you glove . ( conspiratorially ) be you in ? a long beat . Henry smile . he 's in . 74 . flash to : 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 75 . int . bathroom , adele 's house - night 150 Frank give Henry a haircut . int . henry 's bedroom - night 151 Henry have create a little maze for Joe the hamster use book and toy . he open Joe 's cage and watch he scamper around , understanding he new environment . slowly , he begin to place more book within the maze , sometimes slide they around Joe , to make the maze tighter ... and tighter ... until Joe be confine to a space the size of he own little body . int . henry 's bedroom - night 152 Henry try to ignore the sound from beyond the wall . ext . black limbo 153 Eleanor remove she sweater and embrace Henry . int . henry 's bedroom - night 154 we begin to hear Frank through the wall ... frank ( 0.c. ) Adele ... Adele ... Henry bury himself into the pillow . as we turn with he into darkness we find ... int . black limbo 155 Eleanor whisper something into Henry 's ear . we catch the look of fear in he eye that accompany arousal . flashes of more magazine cover model . one wink at Henry . flash image : hand open up dark soil and planting a seeib6 adult henry ( v.o. ) Frank have hope once the baby come , thing might change , but Mandy have lose interest in love make . 157 158 159 160 160 a 161 76 . ext . franks grandmother 's farm - day 157 reveal that it 's Frank plant outside . he look back at the farm house . Mandy be sit in the window on the phone . int . live room , farm house - afternoon 158 Mandy on the phone with she sister as Frank feed the baby . a crib in the foreground . mandy I keep tell he , we have get to sell off the farm . yeah , no offense , but what woman want to come home to husker 's hand ? ( laugh ) yeah , I know ... int . live room , farm house - night 159 Frank feed the baby . Mandy blow a kiss and slip out , carry a bowl bag . adult henry ( v.o. ) Night , she have meet up with friend and bowl ... or hit the bingo hall . maybe dance with she sister at the wagon wheel . ext . farm house - night 160 Mandy 's car peel out in the dirt driveway . int . sear portrait studio - day 160 a Frank , Mandy , and Frank Jr pose for a studio portrait . ext . church rummage sale - day 161 Frank push the stroller as Mandy shop the table . adult henry ( v.o . ) it be not the life Frank have hope for , but he never question it . they pass another couple . the husband be a young man with red hair . there 's the most subtle uncomfortable beat . * 162 163 164 165 166 167 77 . int . bathroom , farm house - night 162 Frank drying he baby son 's red hair . int . kitchen , farm house - night 163 we slowly push in on a dining table as Frank , Mandy , and they baby eat in silence . adult henry ( v.o. ) at least not out loud . what would be the purpose of that ? int . henry 's bedroom - morning 164 Henry be pack up he toy . he be divide up the action figure . after a careful selection , he dump the survivor on he bed along with various game and book . Frank poke he head into the room . frank half . henry but ...? frank ( firm ) half . int . live room , adele 's house - morning 165 Adele pack a box with photo album . she say goodbye to a figurine of a dancer . int . dark bedroom , adele 's house - morning 166 Frank open the door to a dark bedroom . Inside , he see the trim of a nursery . box . a rock chair under plastic . ext . mrs. farnsworth 's backyard - day 167 Mrs. farnsworth look across to see Adele take in the clothes that be hang on the line . amongst they be a pair of men 's slack . this leave farnsworth perplex . 168 169 170 171 78. int . henry 's bedroom - morning 168 Henry go through loose item on he desk . he pick up he library card . on the back be Eleanor 's phone number . int . entryway , adele 's house - morning 169 Frank set a box at the front door . Inside be a photo album . he pick it up and begin leaf through . he see family photo of Adele with she ex-husband . then a photo stop Frank in he track . Adele be stand with Henry by she side at a ice cream stand . Henry must be five year old ... and Adele look six month pregnant . Frank be think this over when ... Henry come whizzing by out the door . henry I will be back in a little bit . frank hey , hank , we still have work to do . henry I know . I be almost do . ext . bridge , holton mill - day 170 Henry bike past a road block . int . diner - day 171 Henry see Eleanor in a booth stack capsule of cream . she have not notice he yet . Henry sit down in the booth . Eleanor start go through the mini jukebox page . she notice Henry 's hair . eleanor Nice haircut . henry ( self-conscious ) thanks . eleanor ( back to the jukebox ) what kind of music do you listen to ? 79 . flash image : adele singing along to a joni mitchell album 172 int . diner - day 172 Henry search for a answer . henry you know , the usual . eleanor I never like the usual . have you hear of sid vicious ? ( upon no answer ) he be a punk rocker who stab he girlfriend and then overdose himself because he could not stand be without she . henry I 'il check he out . eleanor I also love Jim morrison . someday , I be go to go to Paris and see he grave . henry he 's french ? eleanor no , but the french adore he so much , that they would not release he body . it 's for the better . they have better cemetery there . say what you want about the french people - they know how to celebrate they dead . the waitress arrive with a coffee for Eleanor . she give it to she with skepticism . waitress ( to Henry ) anything for you ? henry a Coke ? the waitress be off . Eleanor be already pour six consecutive packet of sweet not low into the coffee . for the first time , Henry notice the chip away black nail polish on she bitten down nail . 173 80 . eleanor I tell my dad I be meeting a boy and he give I this whole lecture like we be go to do it ina coffee shop or something . henry I hate when my mom try to talk to I about sex . every time she say stuff , it 's like she 's try to pronounce some difficult medical term . eleanor ( relate ) that 's so annoying . my dad can not say vagina . he literally can not say it . ( imitate she father ) I trust you mother be cover all question relate to you part . henry ( imitate he mother ) Henry , never feel shame about you ... penis . it 's just a body part . like a arm . the waitress shoot they a look from across the diner . eleanor like a arm ? henry one time , I fall while try to hop a fence and she come run over and be like , do you hurt you penis ? Eleanor crack up . eleanor oh Henry , do you bruise you penis ? we should probably put ice on it . the waitress stop at they table . waitress alright , out . ext . MAIN STREET , holton mill - day 173 Eleanor and Henry walk . they pass a wanted sign for Frank . Henry try to make no notice of it . 174 81 . eleanor any luck get that sex fiend out of you house ? henry I do not think he 's a fiend ... but no , he 's still there . eleanor it 's easy you know . just tell you mom he touch you . henry it 's not like that anymore . we be actually get along . they be go to take I with they ... to Canada . eleanor when ? henry «+. tomorrow . eleanor on the first day of school ? Henry do not answer . there be no good answer . Eleanor be wait , when she notice the wanted sign for Frank . eleanor ( cont 'd ) it 's he be not it . ( half whisper ) you be on the run ... Henry stop short . int . dine room , adele 's house - day 174 Frank go to lift a box , but grimace and put it back down . he hold he side , frustrated more than anything . Adele notice and come over . adele be you okay ? frank probably just need some aspirin before we hit the road . adele let I take a look . 82 . frank it 's fine . I be fine . Adele show strength . adele if this be go to work , you need to let I take care of you . Frank see the sincerity in Adele 's eye . he turn and lift he shirt to reveal the scar from he appendectomy . you do not need to be a doctor to tell - it 's infect . adele ( cont 'd ) you need medicine . frank it can wait . adele no , you need penicillin . I will send Henry to the pharmacy . frank it 's okay , I trust you . you go . adele I should not . frank I do not think you be gonna make a run for it ... adele no , I can not . frank ( use Adele 's logic ) well , you can not send a twelve year old into a pharmacy ask for a prescription . Adele show concern . he 's right . frank ( cont 'd ) you alright ? adele ( she 's not ) uh huh . 175 176 177 177a 177b 83. ext . adele 's house - day 175 Adele get in she car and turn the ignition . she 's breathe purposefully . she go to put the car in gear but she hand start shaking . int . live room , adele 's house - day 176 Frank watch from a window . his face turn to concern . int . adele' station wagon - day 177 * Adele be hyperventilate . she do not look ready to back down a driveway , let alone leave the country . her breathe grow stronger until out of nowhere , Frank hop in the passenger seat , reach across , and turn off the car . Adele look out the windshield . then back down at she hand . frank what 's wrong ? adele nothing ... frank because , if you be not up for this , I need to know ... adele it 's not that ... frank then what be it ? a beat and then Adele look over . she owe a explanation . ext . deserted gate , old mill - day 177a * Eleanor lead Henry through a abandon guard gate . * ext . old mill - day 177b * Eleanor lead Henry through the rusted remain of a building . * he pause to observe he surroundings . * eleanor * come on . * 83a . 178 ext . shallow water basin adjacent to the mill - day 178 Henry and Eleanor walk barefoot through the silt , carry they shoe . the giant board up mill in the background . eleanor how do you get out ? henry it 's not like that . he trust I . 179 84 . eleanor or maybe he be just wait for you to leave the house . so they could run off together . henry I do not think my mom would leave without say goodbye . eleanor it 's just like bonnie and clyde . henry who ? eleanor they make a movie about they . bonnie be this woman who be bored because she have not have sex in a long time . this guy clyde just show up one day and take she away . they drive all around , hold up bank and live out of they car . odd thing be , clyde could not even have sex , but he have so much charisma , it do not even matter . henry what happen to they ? eleanor in the end they get kill . Henry 's face fall as Eleanor go on to describe the gruesome scene from bonnie and clyde . eleanor ( cont 'd ) the federal agent track they and gun they down in a ambush . the part where bonnie get kill , there 's so much blood my mother could not even watch . int . adele' station wagon - day 179 we be in the back seat . Henry hold he ear as the front seat be shot up . he crouch down , look up , to see bit of seat fly everywhere . * + h hk * 180 181 85 . eleanor ( v.o. ) they have this machine gun and she body just keep jump all around the seat of the car as the bullet keep hit she all over the place . perhaps we see Adele 's hand hang over the back of the seat ext . rusted mill bridge - day 180 Eleanor and Henry walk along the abandon bridge . he 's lose in the evocative imagery . eleanor can you imagine if you mom get kill in a ambush ? and you be right there watch it . they probably would not shoot at you since you be a kid , but you have see the whole thing . it would be pretty traumatic . it replay through Henry 's mind . Eleanor stand up . eleanor ( cont 'd ) I have this really weird feel . there 's this thing I keep want to do only you have think I be strange . henry ( a lie ) I do not think you be strange . Eleanor lick she lip . then she lean in and kiss Henry . after a moment , she pull away . eleanor I bet you never do that before . now you will always remember , I be the first girl you ever kiss . ( manipulative ) it 's a shame you be leave just as we start dating . i’1l have to find another boy to make out with . int . adele' station wagon - day 181 Adele and Frank remain in the car . * adele after Henry be bear , my body just forget how . 182 int . adele 's bedroom - a day in the past Adele be in she first trimester . she wake up in pain . adele ( v.o. ) the first time it happen , I wake up with this horrible cramp ... 183 int . bathroom - morning in the past Adele be sit on the toilet , in pain . adele ( v.o. ) I feel something slip from I ... Adele stand up and look into the basin . adele ( v.o. ) it be tiny ... the size of a lima bean ... a drop of blood run down she thigh . she begin to cry . adele ( v.o. ) if I could have just hold tighter ... she go to flush , but can not do it . 184 int . doctor' office - day in the past a doctor be reassure Adele and Gerald . adele ( v.o . ) my doctor say I be young and that this be more common than we think ... but two more time , I would start feel the nausea and the swell ... 185 int . chinese restaurant - night Adele and Gerald hold hand . adele ( v.o. ) .- we have celebrate ... 86 . 182 183 * 184 185 86a . 186 int . nursery - day 186 Gerald assemble the crib . 187 188 188a 189 190 191 87 . adele ( v.o. ) +. begin set up the nursery ... int . bedroom - morning 187 Adele wake up in pain . adele ( v.o. ) «+ . only to wake up feel betrayed by my own body . int . kitchen - morning 188 Adele and Gerald get ready for the day . we can feel the impact of the miscarriage on they interaction . adele ( v.o . ) by my fourth time , we know better than to celebrate . * int . chinese restaurant - night 188a * Adele and Gerald eat dinner . you have never know they just find * out they find out they be pregnant . * int . grocery store - day 189 Adele be shopping . she run into a friend and they begin a conversation about mundane thing . adele ( v.o. ) we know better than to tell we friend ... or think of baby name . * int . nursery - day 190 the room remain bare . Gerald cross without look . * int . kitchen - morning 191 * Adele be nine month pregnant . the interaction between she and Gerald be quiet . Adele feel a contraction . they exchange a look . adele ( v.o. ) we have not even pack a suitcase for the hospital when the contraction start . 192 193 194 195 88. int . hospital - day 192 Adele be in labor . Gerald hold she hand . there 's a joy and relief that they have make it . adele ( v.o. ) we have make it . Adele look down at the doctor and the delivery nurse . there be a anxiety in they eye . Adele register this ... what 's wrong ? we see the demeanor of the medical staff turn dour like a light dimming . adele give I my baby ... int . recovery room - night 193 we see Adele 's silhouette lie in bed . a nurse enter and hand she the tiny lifeless body of a stillborn baby . adele ( v.o. ) maybe they just take pity on I . they wrap she in a pink blanket and put on a diaper ... only one she would ever wear . as I stare at this beautiful little girl . her long eye lash . her father 's nose . my chin . the little mouth that would never take a breath ... I know there would be no further conversation . no more attempt . we be do . int . grocery store - day 194 Adele be shopping . adele ( v.o. ) the world become a cruel place . Adele pass a pregnant woman . her breath quicken . her hand begin to shake ... she abandon she cart . ext . supermarket parking lot - day 195 Adele rush to she car . 196 197 198 89 . int . adele 's station wagon - day 196 Adele get in and begin cry . adele ( v.o. ) I stop go for walk ... I could not even open the window at night ... I understand why Gerald leave . ext . back porch - day 197 Adele and Frank have move to the back swing . she stare into space . Frank stare at Adele . adele I have become a prisoner . Frank take she hand . frank I come to save you , Adele . and tomorrow , that 's exactly what I be go to do . they kiss . ext . adele 's house - day 198 Henry be walk up the driveway when he find Mr. jervis at the front door . knock . henry Mr. jervis ? jervis whip around . he 's carry flower . he 's a little flushed , catch in a romantic gesture . mr . jervis oh , hi Henry . be just look for you mother . henry ( quick lie ) um ... she go into town ... for a haircut . Mr. jervis take a step forward . he 's circumspect . mr . jervis really . 90 . henry yeah ... she say it be get a little long . mr . jervis I do not think you be tell the truth , Henry . Mr. jervis continue to step forward , back Henry up . mr . jervis ( cont 'd ) it 's a holiday . salon 's close . you want to tell I what 's really go on here ? Henry freeze up . mr . jervis ( cont 'd ) I see you play catch in the back with someone yesterday . you want to tell I who that be ? jervis be right up at Henry now , wait for a answer . Henry look at the flower quickly and back at Mr. jervis . henry my mom meet somebody . a man . Mr. jervis 's face fall . henry ( cont 'd ) they be out together right now . mr . jervis ( crest fall ) oh , I see ... Mr. jervis emotionally reel in , embarrassed . he start to cross the street back to he house . henry should I tell she you come over ? mr. jervis no , it 's fine Henry . I be happy for she . Mr. jervis reach he own driveway . Henry enter he house . 199 int . entryway , adele 's house - day 199 Henry step in . Frank be wait for he . gl . frank where have you go ? henry to see a friend . frank you do not say where we be go ? henry of course not . frank you do not say you be leave ? henry no , I just want to see a friend . frank do not forget what 's go on here , hank . Adele enter the room . adele what do Mr. jervis want ? henry ( to Adele ) he bring flower for you . adele what do you tell he ? henry I tell he you be out . adele he believe you ? henry I tell he you be on a date . frank clever . Adele hug she son , but he back tighten in the embrace . Music enter as we begin : a short montage as frank , adele , and henry pack the house up . 200 201 92 . adult henry ( v.o. ) by the end of the afternoon , everything in the house have be neatly separate into essential and thing we would leave behind . everyone sweep the live room floor . adult henry ( v.o. ) for no practical reason more than it seem like the right thing to do , we clean each room . int . henry 's bedroom - late afternoon 200 Henry gingerly take joe the hamster out of he cage . he put he in a plastic vent carry case with a handle . int . stairwell - late afternoon 201 Henry walk down the stair , carry Joe 's travel case . at the bottom of the stair , he run into Adele . adele Henry , we need to talk about Joe . I do not think they allow hamster to cross the border . Frank walk into the entryway and stop . henry we will have to smuggle he then . I can put he under my shirt . adele if they find Joe , they might start check everything . the police would arrest Frank ... maybe we . we just can not take the chance . henry but he 's part of we family . ( look for help ) Frank ...? frank we can find he a good home . adele maybe the farnsworth kid will take care of he . 202 203 93. henry ( boil ) he 's the one thing I care about here . if Joe do not go , neither do I . adele Henry ... henry you never even ask I if I minded not see my dad anymore . Adele 's hand be shaking . adele it could ruin everything . you be ask I to put everything in jeopardy for a hamster . henry only the thing you care about be important . some people get to have brother and sister . a family . you get Frank . all I have be Joe ! Henry run out the door . adele wait ... Henry ... ext . adele 's house - late afternoon 202 Henry run down the street . adele Henry ...! ext . neighborhood child 's park - late afternoon 203 Henry and Eleanor sit at the bottom of a slide . eleanor you can tell a lot about someone from how they treat animal . henry she do not even think about what I want . and Frank just pretend . eleanor he just want to get in good with she . you guy be he ticket . 94 . henry they think they be in charge of I . eleanor you know you do have the power to change thing . you could really stick it to both of they . Henry 's face reject the idea . henry I could not do that to she . eleanor for a while she would be sad . eventually she would thank you . you could get rich , you know . henry they should not reward people for do that kind of thing . Eleanor run a hand down the front of Henry 's shirt . eleanor one thing I love about you , Henry , be how kind you be . henry I just do not want anyone to get hurt . Eleanor get close enough to Henry that we hear she breath . eleanor you be actually ton more sensitive than most girl I know . she kiss he , push she body into he . eleanor ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) look what happen . I make you get a erection . Henry 's heart be pound out of he chest . henry ( a breath ) yeah . eleanor ( a snake ) we could have sex . henry do not you think we should know each other a little more ? eleanor if you be worried about I get pregnant , you do not need to . I have not have my period in a few month . 95 . Eleanor reach down . by the look on Henry 's face , we know that she have he in she hand . eleanor ( cont 'd ) you know what will happen if you do not report he . they 'il take you away and we will not ever get to see each other anymore . I might stop eat again . they 'il send I back to the clinic . ( toy ) do not you want to know what it feel like ? henry ( almost shiver ) I be not ... I can not . Eleanor sigh . she look down . eleanor what happen ? henry I be just not ready . Eleanor laugh coldly . eleanor you be a second ago . henry maybe it only work when it 's suppose to ... she let go . evelyn ( a little cruel ) or maybe it 's break . you might want to get it check . she scoff and start to walk away . Henry quickly zip up . 204 96 . henry maybe you should get check . Eleanor turn for one last stab . eleanor I think you be different . I do not realize you be just a pathetic impotent little boy . int . henry 's bedroom - night 204 Henry pull out a few tatter lingerie catalogue from a hide place . he 's thumbing through , look into the eye of the model ... they stare back with judgement . he toss the catalogue into the pile of thing that be be abandon . he sit down at he desk . pull out a piece of line paper and a pen . he write : dear dad ... henry ( v.o. ) .»+. I can not say where I be go right now but I do not want you to worry . you might not be hearing from I for a while . Henry stop to think about this idea for a second . henry ( v.o. ) I know how hard you work to bring we all to Disney World . I be happy you have get some other kid around , to keep you busy . ( a beat ) I do not blame you for anything . sometimes it 's a good thing for people not to see each other for a while . kind of like student over summer . when they get back together , they have a lot of thing to tell each other . Henry stop to think about the thing he will have to tell he father once all of this have come to a end somehow . henry ( v.o. ) you do not have to worry about I . I be go to be fine . say good-bye to Richard and Chloe and also marjorie . Henry 's pencil hold over the salutation space at the end of the letter , try to decide what 's best . Henry write sincerely your , then sign the letter . 205 206 207 208 209 97 . int . henry 's bathroom - night 205 Henry pick up he toothbrush , however we ... cross CUT to : int . 21 year old frank 's bathroom - 1970' sunset 206 Frank be brush he tooth , look over Mandy 's many cosmetics . something occur to he . adult henry ( v.o . ) finally one night , Frank think back to the day he come home . of all the feminine equipment Mandy have at the ready to move into he bathroom , there be one thing miss . Frank stop brush . he begin look through she thing . adult henry as if she know all along , they would not be necessary . omitted 207 int . moonlight lane - night 208 Frank enter the bowl alley , carry he infant . there 's barely anyone there . he walk up to the cashier desk . frank what time 's woman 's league ? bowling manager woman 's league be Tuesday . Frank nod . not surprised . ext . wagon wheel bar - night 209 Frank 's truck pull up . he see Mandy 's car . 210 211 98. int . wagon wheel bar - night 210 Frank enter and move towards the back , again carry he baby boy . he find Mandy sit with a young guy ina baseball shirt with he hand on she knee . Mandy do not seem ashamed . she give a surprisingly annoyed look . frank come on , let 's go . mandy do not act all self - righteous . you do not know what 's go on here . frank this be for home . int . stairwell , farmhouse - night 211 Mandy walk down the step , carry a baby blanket . Frank be wait for she . mandy I have meet somebody . he 's take I away from all this . frank I be do with you anyway . mandy he 's a real man . frank ( fume ) I be sincerely happy for you . mandy just so you know . all that time I act like I be have a good time in bed , I be not . just feel sorry for you . Mandy walk pass he . there be not enough room on this page to describe the mixture of fragility , pain , humiliation , and anger that be brim inside Frank as he ask ... frank be he even my son ? Mandy look at he . she 's be drink . she break into a cruel smile . and then a laugh . a mean fuck laugh . Frank steam . 212 213 214 215 99 . flash back - frank brush he teeth . realizing . 212 int . stairwell , farmhouse - night 213 Mandy be now lose in laughter . each laugh - a stab . each one say : you stupid idiot . mandy you poor sweet fool ... Frank snap - lunge forward and shove her hard . Mandy fly backward , trip over a toy , and spin into the furnace . her head hit wrong and she neck snap . she fall into a pile on the floor . a single drip of blood trickle down from she ear . Frank stop . what just happen ... frank Mandy ? Frank walk over to she . frank ( cont 'd ) Mandy ...? he 's just beginning to understand the consequence of he shove when a drip of water land on Mandy 's face . another drip . it 's come pretty steady . Frank look up . there 's a pool of water in the ceiling . Frank start step towards the stair , when he break into a full sprint . int . upstair hallway , farmhouse - night 214 Frank turn the corner and run for the bathroom door . int . upstair bathroom , farmhouse - night 215 Frank burst through the door and stop . the floor have two inch of water . the bathtub be brim . a tiny foot break the surface , float lifeless . before Frank can scream , we ... CUT back to : 216 217 218 219 100 . ext . adele 's house - dawn 216 int . henry 's bedroom - early morning 217 Henry be already dress . he seal the envelope to he father and stuff it in he pocket . int . stairwell - early morning 218 Henry quietly walk down the stair to find Frank and Adele do final preparation . int . live room , adele 's house - early morning 219 Adele look up at Henry with a mournful look . henry what 's wrong ? adele it 's Joe . when I go to carry he cage out to the car , he be not move . he be just lie there . Henry quickly go to Joe 's cage . henry it 's fine . sometimes , he get tired in the heat . Henry look into the cage . Joe be lie on the newspaper , dead . eye open . one paw stretch out . henry ( cont 'd ) you kill he . frank you mother and I would never do anything like that . henry of course you would . you never want he to come in the first place . adele you do not believe that . frank I be very sorry for you loss , hank . 220 221 222 223 101 . Henry shoot Frank a look . ext . backyard - early morning 220 Henry dig a small grave for Joe . Frank go to help he , but Adele hold he back . Henry 's face be fill with sadness and anger . it 's slowly beginning to drizzle . int . entryway , adele 's house - early morning 221 Frank and Adele be review a road map . Henry come hustling by out the door . adele where be you go ? henry I 'il be back . frank hank ... ext . suburban STREET - early morning 222 it 's still early enough that car be use they headlight . the light rain continue to come . Henry walk along the side of the street , hand in pocket , deep in think . ext . gerald 's house - early morning 223 Henry stand at the edge of the yard . a couple light be already on in the house . adult henry ( v.o. ) my father would be up already , sit in the kitchen alone with he coffee read the sport page . marjorie would come down in a minute to heat the water for Chloe 's bottle . soon , they have all be in the kitchen have breakfast . ( a beat ) apart from I , they be a regular family . perhaps we even see a silhouette walk into the kitchen and lean over another silhouette for a kiss . Henry walk over to the mailbox . open it . place the note to he father . shut it . 224 102 . adult henry ( v.o. ) know my father , sometime around dinnertime , he have be read my letter . by then I have be someplace in Canada . on the run . ext . suburban STREET - morning 224 Henry be walk back home . the rain have get heavier . his clothes be beginning to stick to he skin . a car begin to slow down next to he . as it get closer , we realize it 's a police cruiser . the passenger side window lower , revealing officer treadwell , who we find put up sign of Frank earlier . officer treadwell you need some help son ? henry I be okay . officer treadwell you want to tell I where you be go ? it 's pretty early for someone you age to be out on the road without a jacket . henry I be just walk . I be head back home . officer treadwell hop in . you parent be probably worried about you . henry it 's just my mom and she 's fine . officer treadwell just to be on the safe side , I be go to give you a ride . I have get a boy you age . would not want he walk around in the rain like this . henry I be really fine . treadwell give Henry a strange look . officer treadwell be there something you want to tell I ? 225 103 . Henry freeze up a little . officer treadwell ( cont ’d ) you be not go to make I arrest you now . he break into a bit of a smile , never lose he seriousness . int . cruiser - day 225 Henry sit in the passenger seat . as they drive , small bulletin come in over the radio . officer treadwell School start today , right ? what grade you in ? I be go to guess sixth . henry seventh . officer treadwell I have a son start fifth , but I guess you would not associate with a grade schooler . Henry keep feel as though treadwell be measure he . officer treadwell ( cont ’d ) so , what be you do out here in the rain ? a long beat . enough time for the officer to raise a eyebrow . henry +. I leave something at my father 's house , but he already leave for work . ( a beat ) my parent be divorced . treadwell take this in . compute it , the way cop do . in the end , just nod and point ahead . officer treadwell right up here ? henry uh , yeah . 226 104 . ext . adele 's house - day 226 the rain have dissipate . through the windshield of the police cruiser , we see Adele carry a box from the door . the cruiser come to a stop and Henry hop out quickly . henry thank you for the ride . Adele watch the officer as she place the box in the back of she car . the cop sit there for a brief moment ... then decide to get out . shit . the cop walk up the pathway as Adele return to the door . officer treadwell I find he soaking wet on the side of the road . do you know he be out ? adele ( to Henry ) there you be . ( to the officer ) he say he would be right back . officer treadwell he 's get to be in school in a few minute , do not he ? adele sure do . ( try to end the conversation ) thank you for bring he home . a beat . the officer notice the box . officer treadwell you go on a trip ? adele hm ? Pov of Frank watch from the above window . officer treadwell take a road trip ? adele oh , um , no . just take some old thing to sell on consignment . officer treadwell need a hand ? 227 228 105 . adele I will be fine . do not want to take you away from you duty . officer treadwell I think the street be safe for a moment . a long beat . adele well , yes , thank you then ... Adele lead treadwell into the ... int . entryway , adele 's house - day 227 treadwell look around , take the place in . it can not help but look a little like he 's scoping the place out . Henry watch he carefully from the kitchen doorway . adele ( point to a box ) that 's the heavy one . treadwell tip he hat and pick it up . officer treadwell you be not kid ... what do you get in here ? adele some old kitchenware . he smile and carry it out the door . ext . adele 's house - day 228 the officer place the box in the trunk of the car . Adele step up from behind he . adele thank you for you help . officer treadwell ( extend a hand ) pleasure . Adele 's hand be in she dress pocket . we know they be shaking . she hold back . just long enough to get a question look from the officer , when ... 229 230 231 232 106 . Henry take the officer 's hand . a odd look for a second . officer treadwell ( cont ’d ) that 's a firm grip you get there , partner . ( tip he hat again ) have a good day , mar ’am . the officer return to he cruiser . he take one last look at the house before get in he car and drive off . Adele exhales . int . entryway , adele 's house - day 229 Adele and Henry enter the house as Frank descend from upstairs . look out the window just as the cruiser drive off . frank he seem suspicious ? adele I could not tell . no more than a policeman usually be , I suppose . frank we get to get out of here . take Henry to the bank , while I finish up here . ( take Adele ) we be go to be fine . Henry watch as Frank infuse confidence into he mother . ext . bank parking lot - day 230 Adele sit in the car with Henry . she 's visualize the whole transaction in she head . breathe . Henry watch nervously . after a moment , she look at Henry . she 's ready . ext . bank - day 231 Adele and Henry walk up just as the security be unlock the door . Adele have put on something she perceive as professional . int . bank - day 232 Adele and Henry enter and walk up to the table of withdrawal slip . Adele nervously fill one out . 107 . they walk up to the front of the line , wait to be call forward . Adele cup the top of the stanchion with she hand , shaking slightly . Henry notice . Henry 's regular teller wave * they over . teller good morning . Nice to see you in * here . * adele ( short ) hi . Adele pass the withdrawal slip . teller you have to sign it . adele of course ... Adele snap it back and scrawl a signature . teller * I would have think you would be in school today . adele he have a dentist appointment . teller on the first day of school ? henry my tooth hurt . teller oh ... sorry . adele * ( hand the slip ) * it 's for the dentist . teller that 's some expensive dental work . adele --. he 's also get brace . teller * and you would like this all in cash ? * adele * ... uh huh. yes . * 233 108 . teller with a amount this large , I just need to get it approve by my supervisor . I will be right back . adele oh , be that really ...? the teller have already disappear in the back . Adele look around the room and spot a new mother with she baby in a frontpack . her breathe become slightly irregular . Henry observe he mother . try to keep it together . int . entryway , adele 's house - day 233 the front door have be leave slightly ajar . Frank be fix something in the live room . out of nowhere , there 's a knock at the door and before he can turn around ... Evelyn be walk into the entryway , carry a pan of cinnamon roll . evelyn Adele ...?! Evelyn and Frank turn and spot each other . they freeze . evelyn ( cont 'd ) oh ... hi . be Adele home ? a game of chicken . do she recognize he ? frank she will be right back . she 's just drop Henry at school . evelyn ( still weary ) oh , okay . frank anything I can help you with ? evelyn I just bring this for she ... to thank she for something ... frank I ’1ll make sure she get they . Frank go to take they . Evelyn observe he face . 109 . evelyn be you a friend ? frank handyman . 234 int . bank - day 234 Adele see the teller return with the bank manager . adele ( quietly ) I should not have try to get so much ... I should have ask for half . henry it 's go to be fine . they be just be extra careful . the manager arrive . bank manager hi Adele . just want to make sure you be not experience any problem . Adele be read everything into all statement right now . adele no , everything be fine . 235 int . entryway , adele 's house - day 235 Evelyn look around the room . notice thing be miss . evelyn «+ . be she go somewhere ? frank I do not know ... ( look around ) «+ . sure look like it . a understanding be beginning to settle between they . evelyn well , maybe I should get my plate back ... in case she 's go for a while . frank not a bad idea . Frank leave and return with a roll of wax paper . 236 110 . evelyn they say where they might be go ? frank I be just here to fix a few thing . int . bank — day 236 Adele hide she shaking hand under the counter . Henry see they , but keep he eye on the manager . now the baby begin cry . with each cry , we can almost feel Adele 's will be slowly crack away . bank manager it 's just a somewhat unusual situation , have a person withdraw this much in cash . adele it just seem handier . bank manager normally , when transfer fund of this quantity , we client prefer a cashier 's check . Adele desperately do not want to arouse suspicion . adele I simply prefer cash ... I do not really get out much anymore ... the manager study this response , try to figure she out . bank manager some would even call this kind of withdrawal a little suspicious . we can tell Adele be at she break point when ... henry actually , we have pack up all we thing . we be empty we bank account and make a run for the border like bonnie and clyde . a long beat . the manager take one look at this impossible duo of runaway and crack up . the teller join in . Adele , incredulous , attempt a laugh . Frank be right . no one believe the truth . 111 . bank manager of course you be ! come on muriel , let 's not keep we friend here wait any longer . the manager scribbles a signature on something . the teller begin count out bill . hundred follow by twenty . Henry watch as the cash be fan out in front of he . teller do you need something to carry it all in ? 237 int . adele 's station wagon - day 237 Adele hop in and immediately start hyperventilate . henry we should go . Adele start up the car . 238 ext . adele 's house - day 238 Adele pull up . they hop out of the car and head up the stair . just as Adele go to put the key in the door , Frank yank open the door and pull they both inside . shut the door . frank Henry 's father call . Left a message . ( angry to Henry ) do you leave he some sort of note ? henry he never check the mail in the morning . adele what do you do ? frank ( suddenly alert ) we need to go . henry I just want he to know I have be alright . adele why would you do that Henry ?! 239 240 241 242 112 . frank ( quick ) we need to go now . Henry start run up the stair . henry I just need to say goodbye to my room . adele Henry , do not , we need to leave ! frank listen to you mother ! int . henry 's bedroom - day 239 Henry be try to say a quick good bye to everything . his eye dart around at all of he possession . int . entryway , adele 's house - day 240 Frank and Adele in a panic . adele Henry ! frank I be get he . Frank get two step up the stair , when he stop . he hear it . Adele hear it . int . henry 's bedroom - day 241 Henry hear it too ... siren . int . entryway , adele 's house - day 242 Henry walk down the stair to find Frank hold Adele 's hand . the siren be very close now . frank do not be scared . adele do you think Henry 's father call they ? 113. henry he never check the mail in the morning . adele ( upset ) how do you know anything that happen in that house ? frank it 's all right , Adele . we hear the cruiser begin pull up onto the lawn . adele what do we do ? a helicopter fly overhead . Adele look up . Frank do not . Frank shake he head '' no '' . adele ( cont 'd ) ( gasp ) no ... she grab Frank and hold he tight . Henry see he mother dig she finger into Frank 's skin , like she 's try to penetrate and grab he bone . sergeant ( 0.c. ) ( over a bullhorn ) we have a perimeter . OPEN the door slowly . step out with you hand OPEN and above you head . palm facing forward ... frank listen , Adele . we do not have time to discuss this . I want you to do everything I say here . Adele 's shoulder be shaking . Henry watch as Frank walk Adele over to a kitchen chair . the same one from the beginning of the film . the rope be still attach to the arm and leg of the chair . Frank sit Adele down . this make Adele begin to inhale quickly . the way one do before cry ... but she refuse to cry . Frank tie each ankle to a chair leg . kiss each one after pull the knot tight . he then tie she wrist behind she back . he take a breath . 114 . sergeant ( 0.c. ) ( over a bullhorn ) if you do not comply with our order , we will be forced to breach the house . OPEN the door slowly ... frank ( grab a chair ) Henry , sit down . Henry comply . Frank grab a roll of packing tape they use to box they possession . he quickly yank out a couple foot of tape and begin wrapping Henry 's leg to the chair . he take Henry 's wrist and quickly bind they together . frank ( cont 'd ) you be a fine boy , Henry . anyone who say otherwise be just jealous and not worth you time . be yourself . a man be someone who be true to he instinct . always be a man . sergeant ( 0.c. ) ( over a bullhorn ) this be you final warning . exit the premise immediately , or we will use force . Frank walk back over to Adele . frank I would take twenty more year just to spend another three day with you . as long as I be alive , you be never alone , Adele . Frank kiss she one more time . it linger on the end of they lip for a moment , then he quickly stand . we watch from Henry 's point of view as Frank step up to the entryway . he slowly open the front door . a flood of SOUND enter the house . siren . the chopper . shotgun chamber round . sergeant ( 0.c. ) ( over a bullhorn ) hand up ! hand over you head ! Frank comply , raise he palm to the sky . 243 115 . sergeant ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) ( over a bullhorn ) slowly now , one foot after the other . walk to the bottom of the step . Frank step out of the doorway . out of we view . sergeant ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) ( over a bullhorn ) turn around , face the house ... now down on you knee ... Adele finally let go . she 's cry . Henry look lose . sergeant ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) ( over a bullhorn ) place you hand on you head ... interlace you finger ... a sudden rush of SOUND as we hear the officer surround Frank and cuff he . within a moment , officer storm into the house , '' clearing '' each room . two officer drop down next to Adele and Henry , release they from they bind . a paramedic put a blanket around Adele . notice she cry . paramedic give I room ...! ( to Adele ) okay , I need to run a couple test ... can you hear I okay ? tell I you name ... a special service officer kneel next to Henry . special SERVICES do not be scared , son . you mom be go to be fine . we get the guy . he will not be able to do anything to you and you mom anymore . Henry look out the window and see Frank be shove towards a police car . ext . adele 's house - minute later 243 Adele be be walk out . the blanket be still over she shoulder . Henry follow she . Gerald 's minivan pull up outside the police tape . 116 . gerald ( get out of the van ) Henry ...? Henry ?! just as this be happen , the squad car carry frank begin to pull out from the crime scene . Adele and Frank make eye contact . through the move reflection along the window , we barely see Frank mouth one word ... '' Adele ... '' the squad car slowly pass Gerald , who look into the backseat incredulous as to what be still go on . adult henry ( v.o. ) they charge he with kidnap . 244 int . court room - day 244 show Frank at he sentencing hearing . he 's lead back through a doorway into a holding cell . adult henry ( v.o. ) this time , they have lock he up and throw away the key , they say . 245 ext . capital build - day 245 Adele and Henry enter the gild front door . adult henry ( v.o. ) when my mother hear , she drive to see the prosecutor with I as a witness , to make he understand that no unlawful detainment have take place . 246 int . prosecutor's office - day 246 Adele be pour she heart out for what look like a hardliner prosecutor . adult henry ( v.o. ) she have invite Frank into she home . he be good to she son . he be good to she . she omit the fact that they be in love . prosecutor Adele , this situation be never simple . never clean . ( more ) 247 248 249 250 117 . prosecutor ( cont 'd ) May take year for you to fully weave it all together . perhaps before you put this kind of statement into record , you might want to take a little time to think about what actually happen . harbor a fugitive be a major crime that we do not look lightly upon . and of course there 's delinquency to a minor . you could lose custody of you son ... Adele look to Henry and back to the prosecutor . int . old prison - day 247 Old steel bar have rusted over . Frank be let out of he cell . he walk up to a pass through window , where he be hand a lunch tray . adult henry ( v.o. ) they give Frank ten year for the escape and fifteen for the kidnap . corridor of lunch table . Frank sit down and eat . adult henry ( v.o. ) he be designate high -risk and require a maximum security prison . ext . maximum security prison - day 248 Adele 's station wagon pull up to the gate . int . waiting room , prison - day 249 Adele be be explain something by a prison guard . adult henry ( v.o . ) my mother try to visit he once , but be tell he be do solitary . sometime after that , they transfer he to someplace in Massachusetts . int . kitchen , adele 's house - day 250 Adele try to open a can of soup . her hand shake worse than we have ever see they . 251 252 253 254 255 118 . adult henry ( v.o. ) the shaking get worse . Adele give up on the can . adult henry ( v.o. ) within a month , my mother voluntarily relinquished custody of I to my father . ext . gerald 's house - day 251 Gerald help Henry with he stuff , carry it from the minivan up to the house . int . richard 's room - day 252 Gerald finish install a bunk bed . Richard be not thrilled . int . richard 's room - night 253 Henry lie on the top bunk , stare at the ceiling . adult henry ( v.o. ) the night be quiet now . save for when Chloe wake up with a nightmare . we hear Chloe cry . we hear marjorie get out of bed . int . breakfast room , gerald 's house - day 254 Henry and Richard eat cereal across from each other . marjorie make sure Chloe eat . Gerald stop read he paper to say something to Henry , but come up empty . adult henry ( v.o. ) my Father rarely know what to say . more often than not , he just keep quiet . the newspaper have say it all anyway . int . locker hallway , junior high - day 255 Henry transfer book from he backpack to he locker . adult henry ( v.o. ) seventh grade come with a new and unexpected fame that translate into something like popularity . 119 . we begin to catch everyone around Henry take notice of he . Rachel mccann stop next to Henry . rachel be it true that he torture you ? henry no. rachel I hear you mother be he sex slave . Henry do not know how to process this statement . henry that 's weird . rachel I just want you to know I think you be incredibly brave . if you ever want to talk about it , I be here for you . 256 ext . wooded area behind school - late afternoon 256 Henry and Rachel be walk amongst the tree . adult henry ( v.o. ) two month later , I get my first kiss all over again . Henry and Rachel have the sweetest kiss . 257 int . live room , adele 's house - day 257 Henry step inside . Adele be make busy . put thing away . acting as though she be overwhelm . adult henry ( v.o . ) when I visit my mother , she would act busy and distract . call to make . chore to do . I think my presence make she uncomfortable . a strange reminder of what be miss . 258 int . adele 's bedroom - night 258 Adele 's night stand be a mountain of book . 259 260 260 a 260b 260c 120 . adult henry ( v.o. ) the only distraction she have be she read . we find Adele in bed read a book . adult henry in particular , a book call live the good life , about a couple who drop out of society and move to rural Maine to live off of the land . int . kitchen , adele 's house - day 259 Adele and Henry be eat soup . the book be sit open , face down , half - read for the fiftieth time . adele all that two have be each other . that be enough . ext . gerald 's house - day 260 Henry , now 16 year old , come whistling out of the driveway on a mountain bike , wear a flannel and cargo pants . adult henry ( v.o . ) by my junior year , people hardly bring up the event lead up to seventh grade . int . high school corridor - day 260a Henry hang with friend . he flirt with Rachel , now 16 . adult henry ( v.o. ) first the first time , I have someone to call a girlfriend . int . adele 's station wagon - night 260b Henry and Rachel be drive down the highway on a date . there 's a bump , and the car begin to drive lop sided . they have run a flat tire . ext . road side - night 260c the car be up on a jack . rachel watch as Henry roll over the spare tire and begin to fix the flat . 120a . rachel impressive . Henry control a proud smile . 261 ext . baseball diamond - day 261 Henry , wear a baseball uniform , take a practice swing on the way to the plate . adult henry ( v.o . ) if you can believe it , I even make the varsity roster . Henry line up at the plate . we hear just under he breath ... henry see the ball .. pitch . swing . crack ! line drive between leave and center . 262 ext . vermont country road - afternoon 262 it 's fall . the foliage be incredible . 263 121. adult henry ( v.o . ) as my senior year begin , my father realize if we do not take some time for the two of we to bond , it would never actually happen . over the crest of a hill , Henry and Gerald appear on bicycle wear road bike cycle gear . we follow they along the roll hill . adult henry ( v.o. ) we carve a route along the Connecticut River just as the tree be change . we stay at motel and find dive to dine in . int . run down prime rib joint - night 263 Henry and Gerald eat at a dark wooden table with red gingham table cloth and little yellow candle . gerald there 's something I have be meaning to talk to you about . henry oh , dad , please do not . we be have such a pleasant time . Gerald laugh it off a little . gerald look , this be all I ’1ll say . everybody talk about all this crazy , wild passion . that 's how it go in the song . you mother be like that . Henry look up . gerald ( cont 'd ) she be in love with love . she could not do anything partway . Henry have stop eat . he never get to hear this thing . gerald ( cont 'd ) that trip we take to California . we have no money . slept in the car . one town in nebraska , we get a motel room with a kitchenette . we make spaghetti on a hot plate . she be a terrific woman . funny . beautiful . 264 265 122. Gerald smile . lose in think . adult henry ( v.o. ) I have never think I look anything like my father . we seem so different . but look across the table then , as he speak about my mother , I recognize , weirdly , something familiar . I could imagine he be young . int . kitchenette , motel - day 264 Adele and Gerald be make spaghetti on that hot plate . adult henry ( v.o. ) just as my mom describe . they dance . adult henry ( v.o. ) know just how much pressure to apply to a woman 's back . he dip she . adult henry the crazy young man she have trust to keep she from fall . int . run down prime rib joint - night 265 Gerald continue . gerald a better man might have stay around to help she through all that sadness . I could not bear it . I want a regular life . with marjorie , it be not as if I could erase what happen , but it be easier for I , not to think about it . where for you mother , the story never go away . Henry and he father make real long last eye contact . both refuse to get closer . both refuse to cry . gerald ( cont 'd ) I be not sure what this last few year have do to repair ... but I be sorry I cut out on you . 266 267 268 269 123. a long beat . henry it 's okay . Gerald need to stand up before he lose it . gerald I be go to get the check . adult henry ( v.o. ) the next morning we ride a little more , but the trip have outrun its natural course . int . minivan - day 266 they drive in silence down the beautiful Autumn highway . adult henry ( v.o. ) on the way home , I mostly sleep . int . hallway , gerald 's house - day 267 Henry approach he father to say something . adult henry ( v.o. ) the next day , when I suggest I move back in with my mother for the rest of senior year , he do not argue . they hug . ext . adele 's house - day 268 Henry walk he suitcase back up he mom 's front step . he give she a kiss on the cheek . adult henry ( v.o. ) that winter I convinced my mom to get what marjorie would call a real job . int . senior CENTER - day 269 Adele lead a dance class . 270 271 272 273 274 124 . adult henry ( v.o. ) the senior center hear about she former dance career and reach out to see if she would lead some of the old - timer through Fox trot , waltze , and the two step . she take one of the older man in she hand and start dance he around the room . omitted 270 omitted 271 int . kitchen , adele 's house - day 272 Henry prepare dinner for he mother . adult henry ( v.o. ) it be there in my mom 's tiny kitchen , my final summer at home , that I first try my hand at cooking . Henry pull something out of the oven and set it down in front of Adele . she can not quite believe it . it 's the pie . Frank 's pie . the smell alone make she emotional . slam CUT to : a letter be ripped OPEN 273 int . kitchen , pie shop - day 274 adult Henry sit freeze , stare at the letter in he hand . 275 276 277 278 125 . int . new prison library - day 275 the unmistakable back of Frank 's head . Hair now pepper grey . we do not see he face . he 's at a desk . write . frank ( v.o. ) dear Henry . I hope you will remember I . we once spend Labor Day weekend together . five of the best day of my life . int . kitchen , pie shop - day 276 Henry read along . frank ( v.o. ) I have always wonder who you would become and what you would look like . and then , one day while flipping through a magazine , I come across a familiar look pie and there you be . Henry 's eye begin to moisten . int . new prison library - day 277 we now see Frank . just as handsome . somehow prison have not destroy all that be good in the depth of he eye . the library be so modern , it almost look like a high school . frank ( v.o. ) the opportunity for I to impart knowledge of any kind have be limited in my life , so it 's nice to think I might have contribute some small piece of wisdom or know -how . I be proud of you . int . henry 's master bedroom - night 278 Henry be in bed with he wife , a brunette of similar age who have a similar literary quality to she . they read the letter . frank ( v.o. ) I will understand if you choose not to respond to this letter . you silence would be as much word as I would need , to discontinue any think of further communication . 279 280 281 126 . int . franks cell , modern prison - day 279 Frank look out a thin window on a rainy day . the change in the prison be enormous . his bed be stainless steel . the window , a long horizontal slit in the wall . frank ( v.o. ) however , I be due to be release shortly . I be no longer young , but I have plenty of good health remain , and I would like to live much the way we discuss that weekend , back when we think we would be a family . Frank hear a knock on he cell door . he pass the seal envelope to the mail service . int . henry 's bedroom - night 280 Henry and he wife continue to read the letter . frank ( v.o. ) most likely , you mother have remarry by now and be live with a husband somewhere . while this think haunt I , I have be relieved to know that she have find happiness . she deserve it . Henry look to he wife . frank ( v.o. ) but on the off chance that she might be alone , I want to ask you whether I might write she a letter . I promise you , I would sooner cut off my own hand than bring any more grief to Adele . Henry put down the letter . adult henry ( v.o. ) I write he back that day to say it would not be difficult to locate my mother . she live at the same address . ext . adele 's house - modern day 281 as we push in , we notice that the house have deteriorate . 282 283 284 285 127 . adult henry ( v.o. ) and it would be far less difficult to locate he place in she heart . ext . modern prison - modern day 282 a parking lot and a fence . adult henry ( v.o. ) sex be a drug , Eleanor have tell I . we see Adele now in she late fifty . she lean against she car wear a coat , wait for the fence to open . adult henry ( v.o. ) the real drug , I come to believe , be love . the fence begin to move . it reveal Frank . Adele sit up . they see each other for the first time in nearly twenty year . it 's as emotional as you have imagine . ext . country road - modern day 283 we see Frank and Adele drive along a country road . everything be quiet and serene . adult henry ( v.o. ) rare love , for which no explanation might be find . they look at each other , check to make sure they be actually sit in the same car . she hold he arm . adult henry ( v.o. ) they be two people who could not go out into the world , so they make a world with each other . omitted 284 ext . frank 's farm - late afternoon 285 Henry and he wife find the old dirt driveway that lead up to Frank 's grandmother 's farm . they turn and start up the bumpy road . + eh 286 287 288 128. int . henry 's car - same 286 Henry take in the scene . this be obviously he first time visit the farm . ext . farm house - late afternoon 287 Henry step out of the car . his wife open the rear passenger door and pick up they infant out of the carseat . Henry look up at the farm house . his mother and Frank nowhere to be see . ext . field behind the farm house - late afternoon 288 Henry and he wife come around the back side of the farm house . look down past the field where we once see Frank and Mandy run as teenager , we see a small garden . in the late afternoon light , we can see Frank and Adele pick vegetable . perhaps even a few roam chicken . after a beat , they look back up and wave . Henry smile as he lead he family down to the garden . perhaps roll up he sleeve . Adele notice she son approach and stop . adele ( almost a whisper ) you bring the baby . fade to black . *