labor of love by M. night shyamalan fade in : ext . route 476 - outskirt of philadelphia - night a three lane highway relegate to one lane . the serpentine line of car bottleneck as it slither by . a arch of orange and red flare outline the area of shattered glass and twisted metal . we be at the site of a gruesome car accident . a ambulance and four police car be on the scene . two car be involved in the crash . the first , a silver cadillac with its front cave in a perfect semi-circle ; there be no - one inside the car . the second car be a different story entirely . a dark GREEN honda prelude crush against the concrete median that separate the south-bound lane from the north-bound lane . all the window have implode . the original seventeen foot length of the car , compress to ten . the hood have fold back into the front seat . this car be not empty ! through the sliver that use to be a window , we see a female hand , purple , swollen and bloody . some driver have stop they car on the shoulder and have walk over to the flare . a set of cop wave they back . police officer get back in you car and continue with the traffic . there be nothing you can do . ( beat ) get back in you car ... CUT to : officer pierce speak to a female officer dana . officer pierce what 's the story ? officer dana she 's be dead about ten minute . the jaw be on the way ... ran a license check . her name be ellen parker . forty - two year old . officer pierce what about he ? pierce gesture to a hispanic teenager who be cuffed behind he back and be lead to a police car . officer dana d.u.i . officer pierce shit ... how old be he ? officer dana seventeen . it 's he grandfather 's car . on he way back from drink with the ' boy ' . pierce let it sink in . officer pierce who do we contact for she ? dana check the papers in she hand . officer dana her husband . maurice parker . they live in wynnewood . married seventeen year . pierce look back at what remain of the honda prelude . beat . officer pierce there be not any good leave in the world , dana . not one damn thing . close up of the hypnotic red and blue light that consume the highway . dissolve to : ext . road - early morning " two week earlier " just after dawn . a gentle mist hang in the air . the calm suburban street wait to be flood with a sea of middle class homeowner on they way to work ... a woman 's reebok cross -trainer move along the sidewalk ... long , brisk step , step people have when walk with a purpose ... the Cross - trainer enter the door of a bakery store second after a man turn a window - sign from " close " to " OPEN " ... this happen with precision timing , not lose a step ... a well practice routine . CUT to : int . angelo' bakery - morning angelo , a large man , black slicked hair -- have laid out three identical loaf of raisin bread on the counter . angelo very good batch today . we finally see the person stand in the reebok cross trainers ... mrs. ellen parker , a woman in she forty with a heart - warming smile and wise glint in she eye . the kind of woman that somehow become more beautiful with age . she carefully squeeze each loaf . her hand hover over the middle loaf . ellen that one . CUT to : int . kitchen - morning twenty minute later . the basket of the " choose " raisin bread be place on the center of a table . ellen cover it with a cloth napkin . the egg sizzle in a pan . we find ellen cooking breakfast . a stun African grey parrot sit proudly on ellen 's shoulder . claude be a breathtaking creature with grey feather and a cherry red tail . the door bell ring . CUT to : front door where a delivery man hand over a bouquet of violet orchid . Claude , still perch on ellen like a clothing accessory , spread he impressive wing defensively . the delivery man scan the far wall to find a collection of bird photograph . a dazzle collection of all kind of bird , elaborately frame and hang . ellen sign the release and close the door . she take a deep smell of the violet orchid and look down the hall to the open bedroom door with a glow smile . we catch a glimpse of a man dress . CUT to : kitchen where ellen and she husband be eat breakfast . Claude be now in a cage in the hallway . mr . maurice parker eat a butter piece of raisin bread . he be a man in he late forty , neatly comb hair , he New York Times fold into a manageable rectangle . this be a man who have be seat a great deal of he life ... the type of man who break into a sweat when take out the garbage . he feel a stare and look up to find he wife with that glow smile . he smile back . ellen gesture with she eye to the violet orchid now display proudly on the window ledge . maurice yes ? ellen the flower ... they be beautiful . maurice study they . maurice they be ... who send they ? beat . this take ellen by surprise . maurice catch the expression . maurice you think I send they ? ellen ( disappointed ) there be no card . maurice reach over and search the bouquet . maurice have I forget something ? be this a special day ? ellen ( flat ) it 's just a regular day . maurice pull out a small bent card from between the stem . maurice it 's from Dan and kate Wilkins ... for dinner last week ... maurice hand ellen the card , she look at it uninterested . maurice it 's a special day be not it ? ellen well , I be sure it 's not Christmas , because you would be worried about how much money we do not have to spend on each other ... I know it 's not New year , because you would be go on and on about wear a tuxedo and how much you do not like to dance ... and I be sure it 's not we anniversary , because I do not find a envelope with a hundred dollar cash on my bureau with a note that say , ' pick out something pretty ' ... yes -- maurice -- I be virtually certain it 's not a special day today . ellen begin to eat . maurice stare at she ... maurice you be mad at I ... you be beam a minute ago , but since I do not send the flower ... now you be mad at I . beat . maurice why would I send flower ? what 's the occasion . ellen instantly become emotional . ellen occasion ? because you love I ... that 's the occasion . ellen return to eat . maurice stare at she quietly . CUT to : int . bookstore - morning a shaft of light penetrate the darkness of a room ... grow larger as the door swing open . ellen step in first follow by maurice . ellen go straight for the blind . burst of light stab the room . the spine of the book catch the light ... row and row of book cradle by a maze of mahogany book shelf . this be a old - fashioned store with antique chair at select place . a coffee table sit near the window with a set of deep cushion sofa-chair . this store be a home ... maurice move behind the counter and turn on the radio . chopin flow from the old speaker atop the corner shelf -- delicately . ellen open the door to the store and lock it in that position with a slant piece of wood ... the store be now open . CUT to : int . bookstore - day half a dozen people wander the isle . maurice 's eye drift to a pair of eleven year old who have saunter into the store . one boy disappear behind " philosophy " and reappear momentarily with he sweat - shirt zipped up to he neck -- a rectangle be outline under he shirt . maurice I see that ! maurice come around the corner -- the boy haul ass out of the store . they be long go before maurice reach the door . he yell after they . maurice I be get a doberman ! two ! ellen who be sit in the back room do the account , come out when she hear the commotion . ellen you have be say that for two year ; I think they know you be bluff . maurice inspect the " philosophy " section . maurice look up as a young man , early twenty , hurry in . kris reddy walk past maurice , he black lock of hair peek out from under he Philadelphia eagle cap . kris ( to maurice ) lizy bennett ? ellen hi kris . kris wave as he remove he jacket . he be wear a parker book T-shirt underneath . he pin a " Assistant manager " tag on . maurice think to himself . maurice lizy , eliza ... Elizabeth bennett ... ( the answer come to he ) pride and prejudice . kris you be amazing . maurice it have to be a full character 's name . kris they call she ' lizy ' in the book ... ( beat ) sorry I be late . my jeep die on the way over from the paper . maurice they print you article on , ' dry verse can Dog food ' ... very enlighten . kris pulitzer , here I come . kris notice as maurice go back to search the isle . kris what happen ? maurice never have child . if they be not a burden to you , they be a burden to someone else . ellen ( on the end of he word ) kris , go to the pharmacy . ask Mr. donnavan to get you a large bottle of geritol ... tell he , maurice have officially become a grumpy old man . kris what would they take this time ? maurice nietzsche !... as if they be go to read nietzsche . maurice move back behind the counter clearly irritate . ellen they pick on you because they can get a rise out of you ... child can sense that thing . kris quickly open he black shoulder bag and pull out a mini-tape recorder . he talk into it -- dead serious . kris Monday -- August 24 ... juvenile delinquency -- be the victim to blame ? click . the tape recorder return to the bag . ellen stare at he curiously . kris Story idea . I will forget they otherwise . ellen nod with realization . ellen and kris turn they attention to maurice who be mumble to himself angrily . he look out the window to the street to see a familiar group of school boy wave at he tauntingly . CUT to : int . chinese restaurant - night dimly lit . Red and gold paper mache lantern be sprinkle around the room . we find ellen and maurice polish off a dish of General tso 's Chicken . maurice two thousand square foot ... we can add a use book section . ellen be not listen . she be stare at a young couple two table over , who can not take they eye off each other . maurice next door be a jewelry store with a full - time security guard ... he stand outside all day . let 's see they try and take nietzsche then ... maurice finally notice ellen be not listen . maurice ellen ? ellen ( snap out of it ) what ? maurice the new store ? ellen honey , I tell you . if it make you happy , we should just do it . maurice it 's a tremendous amount of work -- move . ellen we can do it together . maurice need the support . his face brighten . CUT to : later a empty table . the dish have be clear . maurice and ellen be open they fortune cookie . maurice what 's you 's say ? beat . ellen ... Love be show through action not just word . maurice what 's that ? that 's not a fortune ... you will be rich ... that 's a fortune . what you have be a statement . ellen what it be -- be the truth . maurice I do not follow . beat . ellen maurice , what would you do for I ? what would you do for we love ? I be not talk about say , I be talk about do . maurice notice the strain in her voice . maurice be this go to be similar to the flower incident ? ellen ( very emotional ) sometimes people need to see thing do for they -- because sooner or later they do not believe the word anymore . maurice ( raise he voice ) you do not think I love you ? customer react . ellen ( lowering the volume ) I want to be show ... ( beat ) maurice would you do anything for I ? maurice yes . ellen anything ? maurice what do you want from I ? would I swim across a ocean for you ?... would I walk across the United States for you ? yes ... yes I would . you know that . ellen ( soft ) no I do not . I do not even know if you would walk across the street for I . maurice be get redder by the second . the entire restaurant hang on he response ... maurice so what have you do for I that 's so earth -shatter ? the waiter close to the table cringe with maurice 's word . ellen drain of color . she stare at he in complete and utter disbelief . she drill he with this iron glare for a eternity then grab she purse and head to the exit . maurice stare at the table for a moment to gather what 's leave of he dignity and follow she out . the waiter move to the table and clear the aftermath . he see ellen 's fortune crumpled next to she tea cup . he unravel it . the fortune read ... " you be a friendly and generous person . " CUT to : int . bedroom - day the room be lit by one bedside lamp . maurice be sit in bed wear a robe . reading glass at the end of he nose as he rub a yellow cloth over a silver medallion . the medallion have a raise picture of a lamp , the kind aladdin use , seat on a open book and the word book society - 1992 . maurice meticulously rub away the smudge mark . ellen be at the edge of the bed -- as far from maurice as possible . her back be to he as she sleep under the cover . she speak without turn around . ellen why do you polish that thing all the time ? maurice you be talk to I ? ellen why do you polish it ? maurice study the impressive silver medallion . maurice a Book Society Award be a very prestigious thing . ellen why be you polish it -- in bed -- in you pajamas -- at 11:15 at night ? be you go to show it to someone ? maurice no . ellen then why ? maurice there 's no reason . ellen exactly . no reason . no occasion . it just make you feel good to do something for it , to express you pride and affection for it some how ... ( beat ) how come you would do that for a piece of metal and not for I ? maurice have no answer . he just stare at he hand . ellen be face can be see under the cover face away from maurice . her eye be red . the tear roll off she nose and land on the pillow unseen and unheard . CUT to : int . kitchen - morning the kitchen table be mockingly empty . no bread . not even a crumb . maurice , dress for work , eye the table with great resolve . he rub he hand together ceremoniously . maurice I can do this . maurice move to the fridge and get out two egg , onion , green pepper and mushroom . claude be chirp incessantly from the hall . the pile teeter precariously in maurice 's arm as he move to the counter . next the pan come out -- he try to pull the bottom pan from the cabinet -- CUT to : bedroom ellen be seat in bed , arm cross -- equal resolve in she face . a large metallic crash of pot echoes from downstair . ellen grab she robe . CUT to : hallway ellen gently take Claude out of he cage . she kiss he . the bird , once frantic , instantly at peace . ellen ( whisper ) you miss mommie ... worried when I do not come down ... my baby ... so sweet . ellen feed the bird as she peek around the corner , careful not to be see . maurice be desperately try to cook a out of control omelette . it spill over the side and sizzle on the range top . he try to scoop it up with the pan , tilting it further -- further -- the entire omelette slide onto the range . maurice frantically try to wrangle it back in . man vs. egg. man lose . ellen have to keep herself from laugh . her expression change to pity as she watch the chaos unfold . CUT to : int . bakery - morning ellen scrutinize a new three loaf of raisin bread . ellen that one . angelo smile and package the choose loaf . CUT to : int . kitchen - morning a defeat maurice be eat a apple . he look up with surprise as ellen walk into the kitchen from the back door , a bag under she arm . she glance at he and then move to the counter where she prepare the bread for serve . ellen look down into the trash to find the rebellious omelette sit uneaten . the bread get laid out in its usual basket , in its usual manner . maurice say nothing as ellen pull two egg from the fridge and crack they on a sizzling pan with expert ease . ellen onion ? maurice smile warmly at he wife 's back before move to she and hugging she from behind . he whisper in she ear . maurice why do you put up with I ? beat . ellen Love ... have something to do with it . maurice reach over and turn off the stove . he then turn ellen around and kiss she long and hard . ellen pull away gently and stare into he eye . maurice look very emotional . maurice I do love you ... very , very much . ellen show I . maurice ( with all he heart ) I will -- I promise . ellen kiss maurice and return to the egg . maurice continue to hug she from behind . the morning SUN pour into the kitchen cover ellen and maurice in a golden bath . CUT to : int . empty store - afternoon a large black man wear a dress shirt , sleeve roll up to the elbow turn on a switch . a set of tube light flicker to life . carl stone lead maurice out to the main room which be presently a cob-web infest , barren space with a few discard pack box leave in the corner . maurice run he fingertip against the wall . maurice History and the art will be here ... his hand make a grand swirl point to another area . he say the next two word with great awe as if he be say something holy . maurice the classics ... Carl watch curiously as maurice walk around in a trance . he move to the bay window that over look the street . maurice we will have a hand -paint sign ... ( another grand swirl ) ... parker book . maurice 's already bright eye , brighten even more as he spot the security guard strolling up and down the front of the jewelry store . the guard catch he stare and wave . maurice be aglow ... he turn to Carl . maurice this be my dream ... it 's finally here . Carl have to smile -- rarely do he see someone so happy . CUT to : int . office room - afternoon we be in Carl 's cramped upstairs office ... just enough room to walk amongst the file cabinet . maurice hold he pen over the document before he . maurice I wish my wife be here . she should see this ... ( stalling ) she have a doctor appointment in Blue Bell . that 's a one and a half hour drive . ellen 's be go to that doctor since she move to Pennsylvania ... carl ( understanding ) we could do this tomorrow ? maurice ellen give I strict order to sign it ... we invite some friend over -- you see , for a celebration . Carl smile patiently , he 's see this before . maurice gather he strength as he put pen to paper ... he scribbles he signature quickly and let 's the pen drop to the table top as if all the energy drain from he body . he look up to Carl with powerful eye . maurice every journey begin with one step right ? beat . carl enjoy you party Mr. parker ... you new store will be wait for you Monday morning . Carl and maurice shake hand like best friend . CUT to : int . house - night a wine chiller sit proudly on the coffee table . the sound of light conversation float through the room . about ten friend and family have gather . maurice sit on the sofa nearest the window . he 's listen to the drine of ted price . ellen be not present . ted ... so she say the " L " word , after two date , the " L " word ! she say ' do not you believe in true love ? Love that can conquer all ? ' I say , ' whoa , hold on . just so we be clear on thing , I think love this day be shit . it do not mean a thing and it do not stand for nothing . shit . '... you know what she say , ' Fine , but how do you feel about kid ? ' everyone near the sofa laugh . a car light dance on the curtain ... maurice quickly pull the curtain aside and watch as the car pull past the house and around the corner . maurice turn back from the window hide he concern and without miss a beat ... maurice it 's nice to see you do not have any scar from you divorce . this bring on another round of laughter . the telephone ring . maurice rise from he seat -- but be wave off by adelle matlin who pick up the phone right away . adelle be maurice 's niece , early thirty , very attractive and always smile -- except at this moment . Ted begin another one of he storey -- the word be incoherent as maurice watch adelle carefully ... adelle turn she back to the room as she talk and then disappear into the kitchen stretch the phone cord around the doorway ... something be definitely wrong . maurice steady he gaze at the door of the kitchen ... eternal second pass before adelle appear again . she look different -- ghostly . she glance up for a fraction of a second lock eye with she uncle -- she immediately look away . maurice watch adelle move to she husband gerald and whisper in he ear . Gerald change instantly -- take on the same ghostly transformation -- he eye dart to maurice . Ted 's story be cut off as maurice speak loudly ... maurice what 's wrong ? the room go silent as all eye fall on adelle and Gerald . gerald ( shaking ) maurice , can we go into the dining room ? beat . maurice what 's happen to my wife ? this hit everyone in the room like a bomb . a dread hang over every pass second ... Gerald crumble under the moment ... adelle begin to cry . gerald there be a car accident ... drunk driver . some of the crowd react . a woman cover she mouth . the moment be unbearable . maurice ( to himself ) please God -- do not do this . Gerald crack -- the tear start to flow from he eye . gerald maurice , it be serious ... I do not know how to -- Gerald bury he face into the heel of he palm as if try to contain a explosion in he head . gerald oh Jesus , please help I ... she do not ... ellen do not make it ... ellen 's dead maurice . maurice close he eye shut tightly ... like a child scared of the dark . adelle black out , knock over the wine chiller on the way to the ground . in less than a minute the room have transformed from a celebration to a mourn . everyone be freeze stare at maurice for they cue ... a child in she mother 's arm begin to cry as if aware of the circumstance . extreme close up . maurice open he eye slowly . the room stay still as maurice stare at ellen 's hat sit on the piano . dissolve to : ext . parker house - morning a " ftd " florist truck pull up . a delivery man , move with a extravagant bouquet of flower to the front door . he ring the door bell . no answer . knock . no answer . the delivery man look to the ground and search , before place the bouquet on the porch . we now see that the porch be completely cover with flower , bouquet and wreath . the delivery man tip-to he way through the maze of condolence and move to he truck . CUT to : int . kitchen - morning maurice wait , as the SOUND of the flower truck fade away , then look into Claude 's cage . Claude sit on the high perch and continue to call to he mother . maurice stare at the pile of untouched food on the floor of the cage . maurice eat the food Claude ... CUT to : later maurice seat at the kitchen table . he look at the bouquet of flower still seat on the window sill . the violet orchid be all dead and shrivel up . dissolve to : int . parker house - night the house feel abandon -- lifeless . the house be silent except for the frantic chirping of claude from the hall . his hopeless cry punctuate the air every few second . CUT to : bedroom maurice sit in a chair face ellen 's wardrobe closet . the light in the room be off . the room be light only by the light from the hallway streaming in at a angle . maurice get up and with a great deal of uncertainty , open the closet . maurice stare at the collection of hang dress . he reach out and pull the cloth of a floral dress towards he ... he close he eye and smell the cloth ... he face tighten in pain ... both hand cling to the dress tightly ... he try desperately , can not fight it -- maurice parker begin to cry . his hand grab frantically at the rest of the dress -- press they to he face and chest . maurice oh God ... I be sorry ellen ... I be so sorry ... he hug the dress as if they be she . his weep turn to a torturous wail of grief ... all the love , all the anger spilling out in this one moment . he fall to the ground yanking all the dress down with he -- they collapse atop he ... he bury he face in he wife 's clothes ... the muffled SOUND of he cry echoes through the lonely house . dissolve to : ext . park - morning the neighborhood park . the tree in full bloom . maurice walk down a path lead to the open field . only mother with stroller and the elderly be out this early . CUT to : park bench maurice be seat on a park bench . across from he be a elderly couple -- in they seventies . the old woman be frail with tiny eye that disappear when she smile . the husband be a skinny man with a baseball hat that make he look like a little boy . maurice watch they silently as they sit and hold hand ... they warm laugh and whisper conversation sting he . he watch as the old man get up . the old woman try to make he stay , but he playfully pull away . she shake she head like a shy school girl as the old man walk back down the path by himself . the old woman glance maurice 's way . old woman good morning . maurice good morning . the old woman glance at the empty baby carriage stand next to the bench . old woman be it a boy or a girl ? maurice oh , that 's not mine . maurice gesture to the woman and baby who be sit on a blanket in the grass . maurice I do not have kid . old woman you should . Children be a bless from God . I have four . the old woman study he . old woman be you okay ? beat . maurice be that you husband ? she nod , " yes . " maurice you look so happy -- how long have you be marry ? old woman forty -seven year . this hit maurice hard . old woman be you marry ? this hit maurice even harder . maurice ( this be painful ) yes ... seventeen year . the old woman look down the path for she husband . maurice where do he go ? old woman he 's get my sweater from the car . I say there be a breeze . ( shaking she head ) I tell he not to go . beat . maurice May I ask you a question that might sound strange ? old woman yes . beat . maurice how do you know he love you ? the old woman look at he oddly . maurice I mean besides ... time -- how do you know ten year ago -- twenty year ago ? she think hard ... tough question . no answer for a moment then -- the old woman see something out of the corner of she eye -- she husband be walk up the path with she white lace sweater over he arm ... she smile as the answer come to she . old woman because he show I ... he 's not much for word , but he show I . maurice sit back -- she answer linger in the air like a haunt voice . maurice watch as the old man come back and drape he wife with the sweater . the old woman wave as they continue down the path ... hand in hand . CUT to : int . doctor office - day a obese woman with a hack cough sit to the leave of maurice ... to the right , a man with a patch over he eye . nurse parker ... maurice parker . the nurse stick she head outside the glass divider till maurice stand up . CUT to : examination room dr . royce check a chart . maurice watch he from he perch on the examination chair . dr . royce so what 's the deal maurice ? maurice pardon ? dr . royce I mean why the sudden voluntary visit -- usually it take gun - point to get you in here ... maurice routine , I assure you . I just want to gage my health . be I healthy ? dr . royce yes -- you be . maurice I be go to ask you a question that may sound peculiar . Dr. royce fold he arm and wait ... what 's this all about ? maurice how far could a individual walk if they have no athletic training -- you understand , just a ordinary person ? Dr. royce stare at he suspiciously . dr . royce I know what you be get at . maurice you do ? dr . royce I have see it before . maurice you have ? dr . royce you be feel old and you want to start exercise . a lot of man you age feel the need to recapture they youth . do not feel embarrassed about it . maurice ( play along ) okay . dr . royce you should start slow and easy -- fifteen minute a day . maurice no . how far in one attempt -- what 's the farthest someone like myself could walk ? the doctor be confuse again . maurice just for curiosity sake that 's all ? dr . royce I do not know -- maybe twenty mile ... of course I be not recommend that ... if someone like you have to I mean ... that 's how far they would probably get before encounter serious physical wall . maurice twenty mile ? I see . maurice think about it carefully as the doctor return to the chart . CUT to : int . AAA auto club - day a hip young woman with she forehead wrap in a headband chew away on a stick of gum . joselle lean over the counter with maurice and study a map . joselle each inch represent 150 mile ... maurice make the grand total ? joselle damn baby , relax . I be get to it . ( take on a rehearse tone ) from Philadelphia follow the route highlight to pacifica California -- you be travel a estimate three thousand two hundred mile ... maurice be a bit pale . he follow the yellow highlight highway wind it 's way across the U.S. maurice Three thousand mile ?... how many time do twenty go into three thousand ? joselle what be that ? maurice perhaps there 's another route ? joselle this be the route approve by triple A. even if you follow back road the entire way , you would still be look at roughly the same distance ... joselle study he concerned expression . joselle do not worry baby , it should not take you more than five day if you just stop to sleep and eat . maurice by car right ? joselle scrunches she face in exaggerated shock and take a step back to look maurice up and down . joselle how else you gonna get there on the ground ? maurice give she a sad expression . if she only know . CUT to : int . new store - day the future parker book . the room sit as empty and barren as before . maurice sit on the floor against the far wall . he stare at he new store . his gaze turn to the window where the guard stroll by . the guard do not notice he . maurice look terrible , he eye red and frame by bag ... he skin a yellowish white . he move to he foot and turn off the light . CUT to : int . bookstore - afternoon kris unload the last of a shipment of book . he move to maurice who sit by the window to the street . maurice point to a chair across from he and kris take a seat . maurice why do you want to be a journalist kris ? what spark you interest ? beat . kris I want to reach people . nobody listen to I . this be my way to reach they . maurice to reach people , you have to feel something first ... you write about the wrong thing . how can you feel for dog food ? the people at the gazette do not respect it , and neither do you . kris this be a ghost town . nothing ever happen . maurice write from you heart . that 's why the classic be great . beat . kris why be you tell I this Mr. parker ? maurice look out the window and pick up a envelope from the coffee table between they . he hand it to kris . maurice you bus be arrive . kris open the envelope and find money . maurice it 's one month 's pay . kris get up . a shock of adrenaline hit he . kris be you fire I ? maurice no. no ... I will not be here for a while . the store will be close in the interim . kris grab he coat , shifting he attention between the window and maurice ? kris you go on a trip Mr. parker ? maurice yes . kris where ? maurice California . kris move to the door . kris that 's cool . what day be you arrive ? beat . maurice I be not sure -- sometime in January I think . kris stop cold . the door to the street half -open . kris when be you leave ? maurice tomorrow . kris be seriously confuse now . maurice decide to end the confusion . maurice I be walk there kris . kris walk where ? maurice California . kris ' jaw hit the floor as the bus pull to a stop across the street . kris pull up he sleeve and glance at he forearm . kris the hair on my arm be stand up ... something strange be happen . maurice I always know you have good instinct ... ( beat ) Goodbye kris . I will see you when I get back . kris hesitates before darting out of the store , across the street and into the bus . kris take a seat in the back and dig into he bag and pull out the tape recorder . click . kris Thursday , September 25 ... ' the death of a spouse - can it drive you insane ? ' CUT to : ext . wynnewood pennsylvania - dawn a brilliant red hue blanket the horizon . the suburb come to life ... Men and woman leave for work ... School bus pick up they cargo of passenger ... store owner open they business ... CUT to : parker book a group of eleven year old boy include the two kleptomaniacs we see earlier , be stand before a close door stare at a sign . they look at each other before head down the block . the sign read : close - owner out of town . CUT to : int . house - morning the house be eerily silent . Three thing lay on the dining table . a shoulder bag fill with clothes . a carry bag with personal . and a set of map . maurice check the lock on all window ... he place all the food in the refrigerator into a trash bag ... he pull out a drawer and loosen a side panel , a wad of money flop out . maurice pocket the bill ... maurice walk through the hall with a portable cage . he stop before Claude 's hang cage ... no movement , no chirp . maurice stare emotionally for a moment before reach in and carefully remove claude' lifeless body from the bottom of the cage . maurice look down at the lose pet in he hand . maurice I know how you feel . CUT to : ext . house - morning maurice bury the bird in the backyard . CUT to : dine room maurice sit at the table ... the essential lay before he . he cling to a wallet size photo of ellen . maurice stand and gather he thing . CUT to : ext . penn landing - day maurice stand at the edge of the water . recreation of historical ship be dock in the harbor . the old fashioned sail and mast sway in the gentle breeze . the sound of a STREET vendor catch maurice 's ear . he turn to see a funnel cake booth in a row of food stall . CUT to : ext . twenty year earlier - day ( flashback ) the harbor be jamme with people . a street fair be in full swing . the sound of a live band mix with the cry of the STREET vendor ... maurice -- early twenties ... skinny , dark rich hair . he yell out from behind a booth of paperback book . young maurice Three dollar a piece ... two for four dollar ! all the classic ! a young woman emerge from the crowd of browser . maurice begin to speak but be catch off guard by young ellen be beautiful feature . maurice manage a few word . young maurice can I help you ? beat . young ellen my father own the food stall over there . maurice look over to find a enormous man serve food . young ellen you look thirsty . ellen place the soda she have at she side on the table . maurice be completely flustered . young maurice hi , I be ellen . ellen place she hand out . maurice grab it instinctively and shake . young maurice maurice . ellen look at the full table of book . young ellen not do too good huh ? maurice nod " no . " young ellen it will pick up . I have be come to this thing my whole life ... people do not want to carry thing as they walk around ... you will sell as the fair start to end ... ellen wait for maurice to say something but nothing come out . young ellen you do not talk much do you ? young maurice I read a lot . ellen 's father bellows for her over the crowd . maurice jump at the sound . young maurice I better go ... ( ellen start for she booth ) ... come over if you get hungry . ellen disappear into a sea of people . maurice stand in awe for a second before snap out . he shake he head to himself . young maurice I read a lot ? CUT to : later - in the fair the people be filing out of the street . maurice be a whirl wind of activity as people wave dollar bill at he call out classical title . maurice glance over to ellen 's booth . she be watch he with a big smile . maurice gesture to the line with a shocked expression . ellen laugh . CUT to : food stall the booth be pack up . ellen help pack away the remain food . a book be place in front of she on the counter . the book be " Romeo and juliet . " ellen look up to see a very shy maurice stand before she . ellen give he a smile that melt he . maurice be you try to tell I something ? beat . maurice eye ellen 's dad who throw he deadly glance . maurice be very intimidate . he whisper to she . maurice ( barely audible ) walk with I ? ellen you like to take walk ? maurice no . but I want to take a walk with you . ellen look at he carefully ... look right through he . ellen you just say something very sweet . CUT to : ext . the edge of the water - dusk the water reflect the light from the harbor . maurice and ellen be stand very close . maurice what be you think ? ellen look out onto the water . ellen it 's one of that thought you keep to yourself . maurice please tell I . beat . ellen I be just think that if we actually become a couple -- this be a beautiful place to begin thing . maurice be bright red . ellen giggle at he shyness . maurice gather he strength and look she straight in the eye . maurice lean forward and kiss she softly . CUT to : ext . penn landing - morning ( present ) maurice , tear in he eye , stand in the spot they stand many year before . maurice ( softly ) I love you ellen . on this empty dock ... on this hot day in September ... with no witness and no fan-fare , maurice parker take the first step of he journey . superimposed on the screen : september 26 , 1993 CUT to : ext . STREET - day a topless cherry red wrangler jeep pull out of a mechanic 's garage and move down route 32 . kris reddy be at the wheel . a " Daily gazette " sign flap from he roll - bar . kris change the station on the radio as he eye catch a man walk on the opposite side of the street ... kris turn back to the road -- mind racing ... brake screech as the jeep slow and then rumble over the island separate the lane ... make a U turn across a four lane highway . CUT to : ext . STREET - day maurice wiping he brow with a handkerchief . the wrangler jeep roll up next to he as he walk . maurice do not stop walk as kris lean over the passenger seat . kris phileas fogg ? maurice ( look ahead ) ... round the World in eighty day . ... hello kris . kris you be amazing ... what be you do Mr. parker ? maurice I tell you . beat . Cars honk as they pull by the slow duo . kris you be walk to California ? maurice pacifica , California -- it 's a coastal city . kris oh , a coastal city . that 's good . kris look around to see if anyone else see the lunacy in this moment . maurice ellen tell I that she do not know if I love she . kris she know you love she . maurice she be not certain ... I never really show she . beat . kris I be really lose . what do this have to do with walk ? maurice I say , ' I would do anything for she ' ... and she do not believe I . I say , ' I would walk across the country for she ' ... she do not believe I . maurice look to kris roll along beside he . he see the worried expression on he face . maurice I need to show she how much I love she kris . kris why know ? maurice because I should have show she before ... everyday , I should have show she . beat . kris pacifica , California ... that 's a long way away . maurice so I have be inform . kris try to act calm , but it do not last long . kris shit Mr. parker . you can not walk across the United States -- it 's over three thousand mile . maurice take he time with the response . kris wave more car to pass they . maurice ellen get up every morning and go to the corner store to get I my bread for breakfast ... everyday . now that 's about a quarter mile each way ... 17 year ... that come to about three thousand mile ... ( he smile to himself ) and you know what kris ? kris what Mr. parker ? maurice she never eat a slice . maurice pick up speed -- surer with every step ... kris slow the jeep to a stop and reach into he bag . the mini tape recorder go on with a click . kris Thursday , September 26 ... ' the question we never ask - what would we do for Love ? ' kris watch through the windshield as Mr. parker disappear down Route 32 . CUT to : ext . parker house - afternoon the wreath , flower and bouquet have now triple in number . they spill onto the lawn and walkway . a neighborhood dog rummages through the more colorful bouquet . CUT to : inside the abandon house . a telephone ring continuously . it stop after a string of ring . it begins again after a few second . CUT to : int . bookstore - afternoon the dark bookcase echo the ring of the telephone . the answer machine finally pick up . machine ( ellen' voice ) hello you have reach parker book -- we store hour be eight to six ... CUT to : int . adelle' house - afternoon a center-city town house . Wall to wall book , " cognitive psychology " , " physiology of behavior " , " abnormal psychology " , " clinical psychology " , the title cover every shelf and every tabletop . adelle matlin hang up the phone , and move to the live room where she husband be read a paper in he recliner . adelle something 's wrong . I be worried . Gerald look on with a assure smile . gerald he probably just go somewhere . adelle where ? gerald for a walk . I do not know . beat . adelle uncle maurice ? be you kid ? he hate walk . CUT to : ext . motel - night nighttime . the empty street echoes with the tire shuffle of maurice' feet . maurice stop in this track and pick up a crushed coke can from the side of the road . he place it upright at the place where he stand . maurice immediately walk off the highway into a small motel parking lot . CUT to : int . motel - night a motel clerk check he wooden key . clerk Pool time be 11 be to 5 pm , there 's cable in every room with two premium channel . HBO and cinemax . pay per View channel can be -- maurice I need a bed and I need tylenol ... that 's all . clerk the room come with two twin sealy posturepedics ... but the tylenol will be extra . maurice stare at he with exhaust eye . CUT to : the inside of a floral printed room maurice 's shoulder bag be on the bed ... the water be running in the bathroom . maurice gently move he hand under the bathtub head , check the temperature . he sit on the edge of the tub . maurice peel off he shoe with great pain . they slide across the dull white tile into the corner . the once well keep English loafer could be mistaken for trash now . maurice rub he barefeet with both hand -- grimace from the pain . the tub be almost fill . maurice stop the tap . the steam from the water fill the room . maurice raise he leg with great effort and submerges each leg into the steaming water . his eye close with great relief as he body melt into the tub . maurice lay he head on the side of the tub ... it only take ten second before maurice 's snoring fill the bathroom . CUT to : the outside of the quaker motel on route 32 the neon motel sign throbs red . superimposed across this image be the word : philadelphia , pennsylvania ... mile 26 CUT to : ext . motel - morning maurice look down the highway ... eye squinting to block out the sun . the road wind and dissolves into the horizon ... maurice look back the way he come -- a second of indecision ... the moment pass . maurice take a deep breath before move to the crushed coke can . he move to the exact spot where he leave the road the night before and begin walk again ... CUT to : int . newspaper build - morning the elevator bell ding , let off a cargo of newspaper personnel . frank and seth be two of they . they make they way to the desk ... a sea of desk press against each other -- each desk have a computer . Frank and Seth come to they corner and stop before a young man , philly cap turn backwards , sit behind a IBM 486 dx ... finger fly over the keyboard . frank someone 's get a hot story . seth what time do you get in ? kris reddy keep type . he spit out the answer after a few second . kris five ... could not sleep . frank what 's this one about kris ? ' blind or curtain - the eternal question ? ' seth no , no ... ' boxer verse tight undy - the Battle continue . ' Frank and Seth crack up laugh . Frank reach for the printout ... kris immediately cover they with he hand . he stare up with a smile . kris read about it on Sunday . CUT to : ext . STREET - day maurice exit a athletic store in a small town . on he foot a new pair of sneaker . CUT to : ext . STREET - day maurice as he walk down a wind highway . his new sneaker shuffle slowly . a sharp pain shoot up maurice' leg . his knee buckle . the shoulder bag tumble to the ground follow by maurice himself . from a distance it look like he 's be shot . maurice grab the back of he thigh and try to straighten he leg out ... his face freeze in a painful expression . maurice rub he leg slowly -- work the cramp out . he relax a bit as he finally straighten he leg . maurice sit there motionless -- eye glaze ... defeat . the sound of a bird snap he out of he trance . he look up to see a painted bunting , a bird about six inch in height fly down from a tree and land on a rock next to he . maurice stare at the beautiful bird curiously . its body splash with brilliant blue , red and green . it look out of place in this mundane surroundings . maurice look around the sky to see no other bird . the paint bunt chirp a few time before take flight into the air . it circle over maurice before disappear behind the tree . maurice smile . he pull himself to he foot with great effort . maurice open all of he bag and begin empty the essential -- the map , food , a canister of water . maurice reload one bag and pull it over he shoulder with great effort . at he foot , be the rest of he belong -- pile on the side of the road . maurice painfully begin walk again . we pull back on maurice 's figure walk on the highway ... the pile of disregarded thing lay by the side ... the highway be endless ... wind it 's way for mile and mile into a fix dot in the distance . CUT to : int . adelle' house - morning sunrise on Pennsylvania . Gerald pick the Philadelphia gazette off the front porch . CUT to : dine room Gerald flip open the paper as he wait before a empty plate . gerald smell good , honey . CUT to : kitchen adelle put the finish touch on a stack of pancake . she set up two plate and bring they into the dine room Gerald 's eye remain glue to the paper . adelle come to the table , hold the golden pancake over the table . she notice the strange look on he face . adelle what be it ? gerald adelle ... maurice be in the paper . she stare silently at the paper laid out on the table . the headline beam at she : a philadelphia native's labor of love adelle be shocked . she gaze at a old picture of she uncle print underneath the headline . adelle oh my God . she storm off into the kitchen with the golden pancake . Gerald look down at he empty plate longingly . gerald honey . CUT to : int . police station - day sergeant dally pretend to be concerned . dally what would you like we to do ? adelle put out a p.b.s .... or whatever it 's call . dally a.p.b .... he be not break any law . he 's a grow man ... he can crawl on he hand and knee to China if that 's what he want to do . adelle sergeant , I be a psychologist and I know the difference between normal whim people have and action that clearly display psychological problem ... my uncle lose he wife and it devastate he . dally we be very sorry about that . some of we man be on the scene of the accident . adelle I think my uncle be suffer from a condition call mania which be link with depression . it be a time when a individual will act over - confident , and will act out impractical , grandiose plan . sometimes this plan can be dangerous . dally how long do this ... mania last ? adelle a couple day to a few month if untreated . dally digest this information . dally look , I will see if anyone have spot he recently . if I get any information , I will call you . adelle thank you . dally do not wait by the phone . if he 's really be walk this whole time , he 's out of we jurisdiction ... adelle look very emotional ... on the verge of tear . dally do not worry he will be back . he 's in he forty . he 's have no physical training ... he will be back by the end of the week . CUT to : ext . highway - day a float dot move along a flat stretch of road ... dissolve to : evening the sun drop behind roll hill . the dot have become larger , sprout arm and leg ... dissolve to : night darkness have fall . the dot have materialize into maurice . CUT to : motel a clerk hand over a set of key in exchange for money . dissolve to : road - morning maurice walk back onto the highway and step next to a old boot that have be use as today 's marker . maurice start walk from that point . dissolve to : drugstore maurice grab two handfuls of small green box . he place they on the table . the cashier stare down at the eight box of Ben - Gay and ring it up . dissolve to : road maurice stand at the entrance to a tunnel that pierce the side of a mountain side . maurice make " the sign of the cross " and walk into the darkness ... dissolve to : exit of tunnel maurice appear on the other side with a smile of relief . he 's awed at the beauty of the landscape . tiny cluster of building far in the distance wrap in a blanket of green for mile on every side . dissolve to : motel maurice asleep in the bathtub . dissolve to : road - dusk it 's raining hard like gun - fire from the sky . maurice sit on the edge of a road rub he leg . his hair matte to he head . the rain pelt the ground in forceful wave . dissolve to : supply store at a cash register , maurice slap ten more box of Ben - Gay down on the counter . a teenage girl with brace look at he like he 's Charles Manson . dissolve to : motel maurice sleep . his barefeet be propped up on he bag . his foot be swollen and red with fresh blister . a pack of ice be wrap around he knee with a old shirt ... the picture of ellen clutch in he hand . dissolve to : road two jogger pass maurice as he see a flash school sign . it be a suburban town . the fall red and orange leave cover every flat surface . superimpose : elkhart , indiana ... mile 598 CUT to : ext . school - day a line of car pull around a semi-circle driveway . maurice watch as parent drop off they child . a couple of ten year old boy walk by . boy Nice sneak . maurice realize they be talk to he . maurice they be ? boy 2 sure man , High - top nike Cross trainer with heel support and air cushion sole -- they be nasty . the boy keep walk . maurice look down at he sneaker with new-found pride . after a while , maurice 's attention switch back to the car . one car in question catch maurice 's eye . a woman console a small child who do not want to leave the car . she wipe he tiny tear with she hand and hug he tenderly . the little boy 's head cradle in she arm . CUT to : ext . fifteen year ago - night ( flashback ) the parker house many year ago . the house semi-furnished . ellen carefully hang she first bird photograph on the wall ; a strike aerial photo of a golden eagle . wing spread , soar high over a mountain range . maurice I think we both want the same thing . ellen I have change my mind . maurice you can not change you mind . beat . ellen take a seat on the only sofa . ellen I want child . maurice you have just decide , be that right ? ellen yes . Young maurice be visibly upset . maurice ellen , there be two kind of people in the world -- ellen please not , ' the two kind of people ' speech . maurice ... people that be make to be parent , and people who be not make to be parent ... my parent , be people who be not make to be parent but have kid anyway . I do not want we to be that way ellen . ellen you can change . maurice face it ellen , I be not the type of person who read bedtime storey . but you love I anyway . ellen ( upset ) do not be so sure . ellen fiddle with she dress . she bite she bottom lip as she try not to cry . ellen ( shaky voice ) what if something happen to one of we ? we will be all alone . maurice lose he hard demeanor and move next to she . he lay he hand across she shoulder . maurice nothing will happen to we . it 's a bleak picture , I know , but we be go to be together till be old and grey and you do not remember my name anymore . maurice lift she chin with he hand gently . she blink she eye and a tear roll down she cheek . he take a deep breath . maurice let I think about it okay . ellen brighten up immediately . maurice I be not say anytime soon . I be just say that maybe we can consider it down the road sometime . ellen give she patent glow smile . she hug he with all she strength . she whisper in he ear . ellen I love you maurice parker . CUT to : ext . indiana grade school - day ( present ) maurice walk away from the school , shuffle through the pile of leave that block the walkway . a child and she father walk down the path towards he . maurice look away painfully . the child soft laughter pounding in he ear as he quicken he pace . CUT to : int . liquor store - day jackson liquor wholesaler . for the kind of people who buy whiskey by the crate . maurice have he map unfold over the cash register . cashier I can show you the main road , but that will add ten mile to you trip . do you mind ten mile ? maurice I mind . CUT to : outside of liquor store the parking lot of the store look like a use truck lot . every kind of supped - up truck one could possibly imagine be on display here . maurice pass a canary yellow flatbed pick - up with a group of man drink a newly purchase case of beer . maurice get about ten foot past they when he stop , hesitates and then head back to they . maurice Excuse I , who 's truck be this ? the man sit on the hood of the truck , have dark hair and have not shaven in day . this unfortunate gentleman be name denny . denny mine . maurice be you and you friend plan on drive soon ? denny give maurice a greasy curious look . he squint he glaze eye . denny yes we be . who the fuck be you ? maurice , do not look scared , in fact he look angere . maurice you do not know I from Adam , but I want you to do something for I . I want you to wait until you sober up before you get behind the wheel . I know this be out of the ordinary , but one man to another , would you do I that favor ? silence . then everyone in the group burst out in drunken laughter . denny be you a preacher ? maurice ( seethe with anger ) no , I just do not want anybody die because I do not say something when I have the chance . denny 's face go blank . no emotion . his steady gaze almost terrifying . denny I will drive my truck shit - face if I want to . you better turn around and walk away preacher . you do not know who you be talk to . maurice look around at the hostile face and decide on a retreat . denny watch maurice with predatory eye . CUT to : ext . road - dusk maurice practically hobble he way down a road line by tower pine . he stop to take a drink from he canister and keep walk . the sound of a car grow in the distance . maurice do not turn he back . the canary yellow truck pull over the ridge with a load full of passenger . it gain distance on maurice . maurice hear the engine and wave he arm in the AIR -- signal for it to pass he . maurice walk ten more foot before turn around . maurice 's face instantly change when he see the dement grin through the windshield of the truck . maurice turn and quicken he pace ... the truck pick up pace ... maurice break into a run ... the truck speed up , pass maurice and stop in front of he . panic fill maurice as he watch the truck unload it 's drunken passenger . eye scan the forest on either side for a way out . maurice decide to stand he ground . maurice ( to himself ) this be Indiana -- nothing 's go to happen to you . denny you need a ride , preacher ? the man walk up to maurice . maurice no thank you I will walk . a tall lanky gentleman gesture to maurice 's shoulder bag with he beer can . some beer spray maurice 's foot with the gesture . wil where you come from ? maurice look gentleman , I be late , I need to -- denny I have be think -- who the hell be this preacher guy ? come up to I and my friend ? look like he want to kick my ass for drink ? denny give maurice that inhuman stare . maurice be clearly frighten . denny then I figure it . you be angry . you lose somebody , because some asshole be drink . maurice be freeze . denny maybe you lose a son ? a sister ? a wife ? maurice look up for a millisecond . denny do not miss it . denny ( step closer ) a wife ?... do someone piss drunk run into you wife ? crushed she like a bug . snapped she bone ? maurice that 's enough . maurice be red with anger . denny love it . denny oh the preacher 's get angry again ... ( denny go ice cold ) tell I something . do she die instantly or do she feel every tear muscle and shattered bone ? be you there to help she ? or be you safe at home when the windshield slice into she face -- maurice I will kill you ! maurice swing . denny easily avoid it . maurice do not see the first blow coming , it hit he in the chest -- maurice gasp for air as he buckle to the dirt . hand grab -- restrain . a powerful kick in the rib -- another ... laughter ... another set of vicious kick ... the road and forest begin to spin ... a painful slash across he face ... maurice prepare for the next blow ... it never come . red and blue light swirl ... maurice look up , barely focus -- a man lean over a car door ... the image become clearer -- a policeman stand poise -- gun aim directly at the man hover over he . police officer ( distort and slowed ) step away from he now ! CUT to : int . indiana police station - evening officer merril grey -- balance a phone on he shoulder as he spread a new coat of mayonnaise on he hoagie . officer grey need a i.d. check on a maurice A. parker ... grey read maurice 's license . officer grey Driver 's number 22 184 877 ... ( listen ) he be assault by a group of man just outside elkhart , Indiana ... CUT to : int . philadelphia police station - evening sergeant dally , the officer adelle speak to earlier , listen on the other end of the phone he mouth agape . dally how be he ?... that 's good . gesture to a young officer at another desk to come over . dally , cup the phone . dally call adelle matlin ... tell she we find she uncle . CUT to : int . philadelphia gazette build - evening the sea of desk be empty . one empty desk be light -- kris reddy 's desk . the crackle of a shortwave /c.b. unit float through the large unoccupied room from a adjacent room . the voice of dally and officer grey be distorted but audible . we move to the back room to find kris write furiously in front of a elaborate c.b. setup . he jot down the word as fast as they be say : " maurice parker ... elkhart ... Route 80 ... precinct 18 ... " the transmission get cut as the phone conversation end . kris quickly roll the chair across the room and grab a map off the shelf . the map get pin under two coffee cup and a ceramic frog as kris trace the route from Philadelphia to Indiana ... he sit up straight in astonishment as he eye hit the key of the map . kris Jesus -- he 's walk six hundred mile . kris glance at the hair on he arm and smile . CUT to : later kris at he computer and in the ' zone . ' finger fly over the key passionately . on he desk be a cardboard box fill with letter all shape and size on the verge of overflow the top of the box . one the side of the box be the word , " Labor of Love - fan mail . " CUT to : int . indiana police station - morning dawn in indiana -- the sun spill over the horizon . CUT to : ext . indiana police station - morning maurice and Officer grey be seat on the front stair of the precinct drink coffee when adelle matlin drive up . adelle step out of a rented toyota celica . her tense -- frighten eye betray she mental state for the past ten hour . she walk to the stair . grey Mrs. matlin ... good morning . maurice slowly get up . adelle be in shock as she look at the stranger before she . maurice stand in a ' colt ' football T-shirt , fade jeans and sneaker . his leave cheek be black and blue , and he arm and side be bandage . adelle uncle maurice , you be wear sneaker ? maurice High - top nike Cross - trainer with heel support and air-cushion sole . they be nasty . adelle be not sure what that mean . she shake it off and hug maurice . she be visibly relieved to have he in she arm . grey my shift end a hour ago . adelle notice the rose in grey 's hand . grey catch she glance . grey it 's for my wife . adelle what 's the occasion ? grey look to maurice -- they exchange a know smile . grey no occasion . adelle notice the wink exchange between grey and maurice . grey you can use the conference room , if you want to talk . adelle that will not be necessary . grey Fine . adelle we can talk on the way back -- I rent a car . beat . maurice it will be kind of hard to talk , since you will be in the car and I will not . adelle give maurice a angry glare -- maurice hold he ground . grey the conference room be down the hall on you right . CUT to : int . police conference room - morning file cabinet in the corner . a small rectangle table take up ninety percent of the space in the room . maurice be seat -- he leg extend straight on another chair . adelle pace the front of the room . adelle and you store ? what about you new store ? what about all you dream ? maurice I have new dream now . adelle I do not accept that . maurice maybe one day -- after you have be marry twenty year you will understand . adelle uncle maurice -- I spend all we frequent flyer mile on a one way ticket here ... I have a rent car outside , just listen to I . ( beat ) come back with I now , and if you still want to do something like this in a year -- maybe we will plan a car trip across the country -- Gerald and I will come along -- maurice I have to walk -- by myself -- all the way -- every inch . adelle it 's impossible . maurice it 's what she ask for ... it 's what I be go to do . adelle she be be symbolic . what if she ask you to fly to the moon ? maurice you would be visit I at nasa . adelle change gear . she take a seat next to maurice and study he leg and tired face carefully before uttering the word . adelle ( whisper ) what if you do not make it ? maurice I will make it . adelle if you really want to do this ... plan it out . Rest up . train for it . build up you body . plan every stop along the way . how much money ? time ? really do it properly . this be all so -- by the seat of you pants . maurice no it 's not . adelle why do you take the back road here ? they be not safe . you would know that if you would plan . beat . maurice I have all ready go six hundred mile ... I can not do it again . adelle if you can not redo this six hundred mile when you be rest and ready , how be you possible go to walk another two thousand - five hundred mile in you present condition ? maurice be stump . he look unsure . he instantly look on the verge of tear . maurice nothing 's go to happen . adelle uncle , the way I be tell , if that police car do not happen down that road , you would be dead right now . that guy denny , have jump bail in another state , he 's dangerous ... they will be other denny , if you do not plan . maurice stare down at the table -- the life drain from he with every word she say . adelle ellen , deserve you to do this right . really make it -- if you be go to do it . she deserve it . CUT to : int . car - day the rented toyota celica turn out of the police station onto the main road . adelle hold a cushion in the air as she look in the rearview mirror . adelle do you want this ? it 's a long ride . maurice be stretch out in the back -- he leg propped up on a blanket . maurice shake he head " no " silently . his sad eye watch the pass scenery . the speed car swallow up the mile effortlessly . maurice watch the Jackson liquor Wholesaler whiz by ... the painful hill he climb , go , in a instant ... the school where he watch the child be drop off , swishes by in a blink ... all that mile lose . maurice shut he eye in pain . CUT to : ext . gas station / rest stop - day the rent Toyota celica be park at the convenience store . maurice be seat in the back stare out at the eighteen wheeler that come in and out of the parking lot . he glance in to adelle who be gather food . maurice 's dull eye be about to shut when something catch he attention . he sit up and stare out the window with great intensity . maurice watch as a large truck pull into the parking lot , across it 's side in blaze red -- " Jackson liquor Wholesaler - since 1945 " maurice scan the area ... gas station attendant ... a beard homeless man lay next to a heating unit ... kide eat fast food on old picnic table ... maurice 's gaze steady on the truck , as the driver fill the tank with gas . CUT to : a phone booth inside the convenience store adelle be on the phone . adelle we will figure everything out when we get there ... oh , he 's go to need a lot of help with this ... he be not even go to come with I , I have to tell he that he could do the walk later if he plan well ... I know , but by that time I will have get he some treatment ... I just want to get back home before he change he mind . CUT to : car - later adelle get in the front seat of the car keep the bag of food on the passenger seat . she start the car as she talk into the rearview mirror . adelle you want something to eat ? she stare at maurice cover in a blanket with he back to she ... a unresponsive blob . adelle I know you be feel a lot of emotion right now . it 's okay to be mad . it 's okay to feel helpless . it 's part of the heal process . I understand . I do . adelle put the celica into drive and pull out onto the highway . dissolve to : ext . adelle' house - evening even in Philadelphia . the rent Toyota celica pull into the driveway . the front door of the house open . Gerald walk out to greet they . a tired adelle slip out of the car and hug Gerald . adelle he be exhaust -- sleep the whole way . adelle and Gerald move to the back door of the celica . they open it and stare at maurice cover by the blanket . adelle shake the blanket . adelle uncle maurice we be home ... uncle maurice . adelle shake maurice , who stir a little as he wake . his foot slide out from under the blanket -- adelle stare curiously at the army combat boot that dangle out . adelle uncle maurice ? adelle pull aside the cover ... the homeless man , from the gas station , sit up . adelle' shrill scream blast through the AIR . Gerald and adelle stumble back as the large , bearded man struggle out of the car and look around the quiet neighborhood . homeless man so this be the City of brotherly Love . the homeless man raise he hand . he hold up maurice' well polished book society medallion and kiss it lovingly . adelle and Gerald stare back speechless . dissolve to : ext . road - morning jackson wholesaler's parking lot . the truck from the gas station , the only vehicle park before the store . CUT to : ext . road - morning maurice back on the road . his limp only slightly visible at this point in the day . the bandage rub he with every step . the highway take he around a beautiful bend of tree . the AIR be filled with the sound of bird . maurice spot a yellow warbler , a strike bird about eight inch long with vivid yellow feather . it sit elegantly on a nearby branch . he walk towards it -- it stay in position . closer . the bird chirp back at he . maurice be within arm reach of the bird . maurice ellen would have love you . maurice look closer -- and notice it 's wing . the feather bend back -- a dark area at the center . maurice how do that happen ? maurice watch the bird hop around the branch -- unable to fly . CUT to : int . parker kitchen - fifteen year earlier ( flashback ) the kitchen be a different color . the refrigerator and appliance be brand new . ellen walk in -- something cradle in she hand . maurice look up from he paper to see ellen move to the sink and lay a motionless bird on the counter . ellen ( shaky voice ) it must have hit the window ... I think its neck be break . maurice do not bring it in here -- it probably have all kind of disease . ellen find a eye dropper from the table and fill it with water -- she let a few drop fall into the bird mouth . CUT to : bedroom even , just before bed . maurice be read . ellen be monitoring the bird closely . it lay on the bedside table -- wrap gently with a hand towel . a morsel of food be lower into its mouth with a pair of tweezers . the bird stare blankly at the ceiling . maurice it be not go to make it ellen . let the poor thing go quietly . ellen it will make it . her delicate hand rub the bird 's stomach . CUT to : live room the graphic image of the tv flicker on maurice 's face . he glance back to ellen who talk to the bird cradle in she arm . ellen ( softly ) you must miss fly . be way up there in the cloud look down at all of we . you miss that do not you ? you miss play with you friend and talk with they ... in the soft light of the lamp -- ellen have transformed into a mother rock she child to sleep . CUT to : kitchen maurice be read he paper . ellen maurice ! maurice ! come out here . maurice look through the window to see ellen wave to he frantically . CUT to : backyard ellen point to the ground . the little bird awkwardly walk around the porch . the bird 's wing burst into motion -- flap hard -- catch the wind . ellen jump up and down , burst with pride , as she little child take flight . maurice I do not believe it . ellen hug maurice . ellen all he need be love . once you have that , you can do anything . Young maurice and ellen watch the bird soar into the blue sky . CUT to : ext . stream - day ( present ) maurice be kneel at a stream by the side of the road . he gently clear away the dirt from the yellow warbler 's feather . maurice you will be all right . a couple day and you will be up there again . maurice carry the bird back to the tree . he lay it back on the branch . he stare at it 's beautiful coat with a smile . maurice ellen would have love you . CUT to : int . adelle' kitchen - day adelle be on the cordless . her finger tapping on the kitchen table angrily . Gerald move around she as he set two plate at the table . adelle yes I understand , it do sound humorous , but this be a very serious situation . Gerald be cooking . he gently flip the chicken breast in a butter and garlic sauce . gerald this smell good . adelle why be I such a authority ? gerald ( under he breath ) here come the resume . adelle I receive my b.s. from the University of Pennsylvania , my p.h.d. from bryn mawr College . I work three year at the Boston University School of Medicine , during which time I have article print in the " Journal of Educational psychology " , " american Journal of psychology " , " psychology Review " and " Science " ... so I think it 's safe to say my opinion be valid . Gerald bring the sizzling pan over and divide the steaming dish into both plate . adelle look , please find he for I ... Officer , I try ... but I bring back the wrong person . Gerald quickly scoops some rice onto both plate . his mouth be water as he go for the utensil . adelle abruptly stand at she place . adelle stop laugh ! Gerald get into he seat at the table just in time to see adelle angrily hang up the phone . she stare off into space before unconsciously clean the table . adelle pick up both plate of food ... gerald adelle -- Gerald 's heart sink as adelle pop open the trash can with a tap of she foot and dump the picture perfect meal into the garbage . she go to the sink and rinse the plate completely preoccupy with she thought . she mumble to herself as she shut off the water . adelle he say he admire he . adelle storm out of the kitchen . Gerald sit at the empty table with a fork in he hand . he shake he head in disbelief . CUT to : ext . midwest highway - day the land be flat . from the road one can see endless field in all direction . when the wind blow , the crop bend in unison , change the shape and texture of the land for a moment and instantly change back with a snap of the wind . maurice take in the beauty of the land through a painful grimace . occasionally clutching he right leg in moment of extreme pain . maurice rest on a abandon tractor by the side of the road and watch the wind change the field . he close he jacket as the gust become stronger . dissolve to : HOTEL the clock click past 11:30 be . maurice be still in bed -- the curtain draw . he crawl out from under the sheet and downs two pill with a glass of water . he look bad . his face pale , he eye at half - mast . he wipe unnatural sweat from he brow and melt into the bed again . dissolve to : STREET just after dusk . a small town 's main road . maurice quietly pass under the street light . he stare up and tighten the hood on he parka as the first snowflake fall into the shaft of the STREET light . soon thousand of flake fall into the light ... dissolve to : gazette build kris field call frantically as the light blink anxiously on he phone . the front page of the gazette be post on he pin up board . it read ... " he march on ... " underneath be a picture of maurice stand outside he bookstore hold up the book society medallion proudly . a teenage boy get off the elevator and maneuver a enormous bag over he shoulder ... emblazon across he back be the word " mail room . " the boy come to kris and empty the bag on kris ' desk without a word . hundred of letter cascade down swallow the table top and cover kris who stare in awe as the letter keep come . dissolve to : motel maurice be coughing painfully . he crouch over the edge of the bed and hold he side with every strain . maurice look worse than ever . his hair and shirt be soak with sweat . the cough attack stop . maurice take a couple deep breath before lay back down . his foot be visible -- stick out from beneath the sheet . they look like someone have beat they with a stick , swollen and bruise . they disappear under the sheet . dissolve to : snow cover road that stretch into a white oblivion . superimpose : elm creek , nebraska ... mile 1,564 CUT to : ext . STREET - day early morning . the branch of the tree be encapsulate in ice . the snow pile ten inch on every surface . maurice , bury deep beneath three layer of clothes , look around . his breath materialize with every step . he force a weak smile at the magical landscape before he . white. pure. peaceful . the sound of a volvo station wagon urge maurice to the side of the road . as it pass a little girl wave from the passenger window . maurice put on a brave face and wave back . another car enter the picture -- a dark blue firebird rise over the hill in the opposite lane move fast , too fast . slow-motion as the firebird skid over the ice and the snow -- the driver desperately try to gain control ... the mother in the volvo hit the brake as the firebird spin into she lane ... maurice yell out . maurice no ! the car impact with a sicken crunch -- back to real time : the firebird spin into a guardrail , break through it and come to a stop in a bank of snow . the volvo be not so lucky . it flip from the impact ... slide on its roof , drive through the snow , down the road ... it come to a rest a hundred foot away . silence . stillness . the entire event take only second . maurice run frantically after the volvo . the window be shatter . snow have pack into the over-turn car . no one can be see inside the vehicle . maurice kneel down and puncture the wall of snow with he hand . his arm disappear up to the shoulder . his face grimace with the strain . his arm come out slowly ... a few muffled sob be heard before the little girl break through the wall of snow and slide out of the window . she let out a desperate gasp for air as maurice pull she out by the wrist . maurice clear she mouth and face and watch as she cough . maurice ( panting ) it 's okay . it 's all over . maurice lay she gently against a snow bank , before move to the other side of the car . driver ( o.s. ) be she okay ? maurice look up to see the driver of the firebird walk towards he . he look daze . maurice do not waste another second and plunge he arm in the snow ... deeper than before . his cheek press against the snow , almost lay flat on the ground . maurice ( frantic ) oh no ... she 's wear a seat-belt . maurice fish around ... he tooth clench ... he let out a powerful grunt as he pull back with all he strength -- a woman 's wrist appear first , then the tangle hair and then the body spill out onto the road next to maurice . the driver appear over the woman and maurice and lose it when he see they . driver it be not my fault . it be not my fault . maurice , out of breath , clear the woman 's face and mouth -- no movement . no sound . maurice come on ... please ... maurice hold she nose and breath into she mouth ... maurice please ... she do not respond . CUT to : a frightening flash the mother 's unconscious face turn into ellen . her lifeless eye -- she bruise cheek and forehead . her neck at a awkward angle . maurice stare down at he wife in horror . maurice no ellen ... do not die ... CUT to : the mother be revive by maurice . he push she chest in count ... push , count , breath ... push , count , breath ... the mother 's body twitches , slightly at first -- then obviously ... the mother let 's out a few painful cough . she take a breath . life quickly return to she body . maurice place she head in he lap and hug she , lightly rock back and forth . the tear stream down he red face . maurice everything 's go to be fine ellen . I will not let anything happen to you . I love you sweetie . everything 's go to be different now . the scene back out as maurice comfort this stranger in he arm . CUT to : ext . road - afternoon the police have descend on the scene . traffic have be block off in both direction . the light throw by the ambulance tints the snow and field a throbbing red . maurice 's face can be see in the shadow of the backseat of a police car . outside the car officer hansen and officer tandy converse . hansen what 's he story ? tandy his name be maurice . he 's dance around everything else . hansen Red flag , man . tandy if he 's in trouble with the law -- fine . not we problem . he yank two people from a car wreck , let 's give he some space . hansen look in at the draw , exhaust face of maurice through the window . hansen open the back door . hansen maurice , you need anything ? which way be you head ? we can drive you . maurice no thank you officer . I will walk . hansen throw a sharp glance to tandy . hansen turn back to maurice . hansen grub ? food ? how about food ? we dime at the local diner ... maurice mull this offer . hansen come on man , you be a hero . in nebraska we do not let hero 's walk around with empty stomach . beat . maurice ... I need to be bring back here . hansen deal . CUT to : int . diner - evening the end of the meal . maurice sit in a booth across from hansen and tandy . they watch as maurice cough violently into he napkin . hansen you look like shit maurice . maurice take a couple strain breath . maurice get old . tandy how long have you be foot it maurice ? beat . maurice too long ... ( look around ) Excuse I gentleman . maurice get up and head to the bathroom . hansen and tandy stare at maurice 's shoulder bag lay on he seat . hansen Red flag man . tandy not we problem . hansen why so vague ? why so evasive ? he could be somebody hot . tandy not we problem . hansen it 's go to look beautiful when he turn out to be that animal who pay a visit to the steadman 's house . tandy this guy 's not a murderer . hansen if he be , half the town have see we take he out for dinner like a couple of jack - ass . that make tandy think . hansen if he 's clean , he will never know about it . tandy look to the man 's bathroom door . tandy do it quick . hansen instantly reach over and begin rummage through the shoulder bag . hansen pull out a little folder . he open the folder to reveal a old certificate . hansen show tandy the wear piece of paper . hansen a marriage certificate ? who the hell carry they marriage certificate around ? tandy maurice and ellen parker ... it be issue in Philly ... Mr. maurice parker have come a long way from home . why ? hansen return the certificate and folder to the bag and leave the booth quickly . CUT to : later maurice return to the table to find only tandy seat . maurice see hansen in the phone booth at the far end of the diner . tandy hansen 's whipped . have to call he wife every two hour or she will go ballistic when he get home . CUT to : phone booth hansen p-a-r-k-e-r. right . get on the horn with Philly . call I here . CUT to : int . philadelphia police station - evening sergeant dally pack he thing to leave . he see the light on line 1 light up on he phone . he ignore it . the clerk stick she head around the corner . clerk line one sarg . dally I be not here . dally zip he coat . clerk it 's the nebraska state police . dally nebraska ? clerk you know somebody name -- maurice parker ? dally freeze . he shake he head as he unzip he jacket . dally ( smile ) that son of a bitch make it to nebraska . dally grab the phone . CUT to : int . gazette build - evening the c.b. crackle with the voice of sergeant dally and the nebraska police . michelle , a very introverted intern , stare at the radio astonished . CUT to : a SMALL side office it now have " kris reddy " etched on it 's door . kris look up from he desk at Michelle who stand in the doorway bright red . kris what be it ? Michelle just point down the hall . CUT to : office Michelle scribbles down note . c.b. / nebraska police ... he save a little girl , and she mother . pull they right out of the car ... kris stand , jaw hang wide open . kris where be he ? Michelle check she note . michelle ( very soft voice ) umm , elm Creek , nebraska . kris practically fall over . Michelle scribbles down more quote . michelle this story be big huh ? kris mammoth . michelle the gazette 's small huh ? beat . kris what be you say ? this story be too big for this paper ? michelle ( flustered again ) umm , no . it 's just that -- kris God damn , you be right ... you do not say much Michelle , but what you say be golden . kris ' mind be racing as the c.b. conversation continue . CUT to : int . diner - night hansen scoff down he third dessert . maurice stare at he oddly . the pay phone ring . hansen jump to he foot too quickly . he try to recover . hansen ( too excited ) I be expect a call . hansen move to the phone . tandy wink at maurice with a smile . tandy whipped . CUT to : phone booth hansen listen carefully to the officer on the line . officer ( on phone ) ... I be on first name basis with half the city of Philadelphia ... hansen , apparently this guy parker lose he wife and go a little fruity . I speak with he niece , adelle matlin and she say to restrain he . that he 's dangerous to himself . she say to call when we have he in the station . hansen good work . CUT to : ext . police car - night the ride progress in silence . hansen and tandy in the front seat . maurice 's head be press against the back - seat window . his eye begin to shut slightly as sleep overcome he . the car go over a bump . maurice jar awake . he glance out the window to see a highway sign swish by in the headlight . ' route 80 east ' . East ? maurice look around quickly at the pass scenery . maurice where be you take I ? hansen and tandy exchange look . hansen I be go to drop off tandy at the station and then drop you back . tandy that 's all right be not it ? maurice sure . hansen look back to the road . the drive continue in silence . tandy check he watch just when a click -- a hard wind -- and a metallic slam in quick succession shake the car . hansen what the hell be that ? tandy look back -- maurice be gone . the back seat empty . tandy stare out the blackness of the back window . tandy shit ! he jump ! hansen jumped where ? tandy out of the car . he jump out of the god damn car ! CUT to : ext . forest - night maurice stagger through the naked tree . thin tree every few foot with no branch . the snow ankle deep . maurice brace himself against a trunk , check he hand . his vision blur as he stare down at he scrape bloody palm . the forest clear quickly into a open field . Far in the distance across the field of white be a small point building stand alone . the glow of a light can be see through the window . maurice trudge through the deeper snow . stumble many time . the frigid wind push he to he knee . maurice keep move -- the field seem endless ... CUT to : driveway maurice 's foot hit the snow of the driveway , just as he leg buckle -- he face hit the snow hard . he manage to roll over on he back with great effort . he stare up at the point building -- the dull light become duller ... something block the light . a man . maurice feel himself rise into the air as two powerful arm scoop he off the ice . a priest carry he into the door of a church . CUT to : int . back room of church - night a dimly light cathedral . six foot six , father berchman walk down the center isle of the cathedral , through a cloth curtain and into a back room where maurice be sit in a chair wrap in a blanket . maurice what do they ask ? father if I have see you . by the way I be sorry about you wife . they tell I . maurice thank you ... I be sorry you have to lie . it must have be difficult . father I ask the officer if you have commit some crime ... if they have say ' yes ' , you would be speak with they right now . this be the father 's own room . very sparse as one would expect . he move to he bureau and retrieve some pill . father take this , and if you be up to it , try to explain how it be you come to be sit here . maurice follow the father 's instruction and tighten the blanket around he shoulder . maurice I be walk for my wife . beat . father to where ? maurice pacifica , California . father from where ? maurice Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . father I see . beat . the father nod as if this be not shocking news . father why ? maurice do you believe a person 's soul life on after they death ? father most certainly . maurice and that that soul take part of the person they be on this earth with they . father that 's a reasonable assumption . maurice I do not want my wife 's soul have any doubt . father doubt ? about what ? maurice about my love for she . the father nod with understanding as if everything become very clear with that statement . father you do not have to prove anything to she . maurice I be not prove to she . I be show she . and I know I do not have to . I want to . I have realize , love be about give . I be alive , I can still give to she . I want to give she everything I can . the father study this stranger before he with great admiration . maurice there be some people , include that officer , that be try to stop I . they mean well . but they do not understand . I would not either if I be they . maurice struggle with the last word . he slump back -- physically drain . the father get up and take the empty glass of water from maurice 's hand . father I want you to stay here a few day until you be better . you be no use to you wife in this condition . the father move for the curtain . maurice you think I be crazy too . the father turn and smile warmly . father I have spend my life dedicated to love . Love of God . Love of humanity . and here you be live through love . bath in it . use its strength , its magic , its ability to overcome any barrier ... if you be crazy , I hope my insanity be not far off . maurice 's eye well up instantly . CUT to : ext . church - western highway - day Father berchman wrap one powerful hand around a tiny silver cross dangle from he neck . the other hand wave high into the air at the shrink figure of maurice parker walk through the snow . dissolve to : highway the long trek continue . the black tar of the road peek out in spot as the SUN beat down on the flatland . maurice drape he wear scarf around a melting snowman . dissolve to : restaurant we be look inside a fancy Center - City Philadelphia restaurant . adelle and Gerald be seat by a enormous bay window . a waiter come to they table with they main course . Gerald watch the food be serve with great anticipation . Gerald 's eye drift out the window to the magazine stand on the sidewalk ... he squint to see better . realization hit hard ... his eye light up . he look to adelle and back to the magazine stand . in a mad race for time , Gerald begin to devour the food on he plate . the waiter and adelle watch he in shock . adelle glance out the window . her eye squint ... then light up . she jump to she foot and grab Gerald by the arm , a fork full of food drop to he plate . Gerald look back at he full plate longingly as adelle pull he out of the restaurant . the waiter look out the window to the magazine stand . he squint . CUT to : magazine stand the new york time be hang like stocking around the border of the stand . on the front page , a singular headline stand out among the other : " a journey of the heart " a large photo of maurice be next to the headline . dissolve to : diner a red-headed waitress slice a credit card through the machine and wait ... Green computer letter blink - " this account have be close . " the waitress return with the card -- she shake she head " no " at maurice who dig into he wallet for cash . dissolve to : motel maurice slide two twenty across the counter to the motel manager . maurice check the remain bill in he wallet ... only a few bill leave . in the motel room we find maurice sit over the edge of a bed buckle over in a cough attack . it finally stop . maurice flop back to the pillow , completely drain . dissolve to : road the flatland have vanish . the road now serpentine through mountain range . view from the mountain range ; maurice move like a grain of dust over the black line of the road . maurice rest every half mile . he labor up every incline with ultimate effort . he brace himself with a branch serve as a make due crutch . maurice spot a small town nestle in the arm of the mountain range . he begin the journey to rest . dissolve to : groceries maurice pay for he food with the last few bill in he wallet . dissolve to : road another stick serve as a walk cane . the multi layer of clothes have be shed for a short - sleeve shirt . maurice follow a dirt road that break free of the mountain and into the open country again . superimpose : coalville , utah ... mile 2,472 CUT to : ext . driveway - dusk a dust cover mailbox at the end of a long dirt driveway . maurice wipe the mailbox clean with he hand . the name emerge like a ancient inscription from beneath the mud ... " caldwell . " CUT to : front door maurice tentatively move to the front door . his hand instinctively clutches he empty stomach . the wind blow gently . maurice shut he eye and take a deep breath . he open he eye slowly to see a dinner table be set . potato , gravy , fresh baked bread ... float through the half open window to maurice 's thankful smile . the sound of child and adult can be heard inside . the first light knock go unheard with all the commotion . harder . the door squeak open . maurice put on he best smile ... the door open wider -- no one stand before he . boy ( o.s. ) hi. maurice look down to find a adorable little boy , black hair , big eye and a even bigger grin . this be three year old isaac caldwell . maurice well , hello . isaac I be Isaac ... I be three . maurice I be maurice parker ... I be much older than three . be you parent home ? beat . Isaac think . isaac you know what , I can play baseball with my brother when I be bigger . maurice be that right ? isaac you know what ... I be just little now , but I will be big soon . maurice you will probably be bigger than you brother . isaac yeah ! Isaac be happy with this think . maurice look up as mrs . caldwell come to the door . mrs . caldwell who be you talk to Isaac ? Mrs. caldwell stop as she stare at maurice . maurice hello , I be maurice parker . I be just pass through and I need to conserve what little fund I have ... I need some food and a roof to sleep under for one night ... now I do not look like much , but if there be any thing that need to get do around the house -- Mrs. caldwell do not listen , but instead yell behind the door . mrs . caldwell Dave ... you be not go to believe who 's here . maurice look at she oddly . mr. caldwell come to the door ; he face light up . mrs . caldwell this be maurice parker -- the one walk for he wife . Mr. caldwell be completely floor . so , for that matter be maurice . Mr. caldwell put out he hand with awe . mr. caldwell if that be not fate ?... hi , I be Dave caldwell . I do the copy for the anchor on the evening news down here . maurice even News ? mr. caldwell we do a piece after you story run in the New York Times . maurice be truly surprised . maurice New York Times ? Mrs. caldwell usher maurice in the doorway by the elbow . mrs . caldwell someone say they spot you in town ... Mr. parker , you be a celebrity . CUT to : int . caldwell kitchen - night the caldwell family dinner ... all twelve of they . ten child talk and reach for food . maurice sit at the end talk , enjoy and share . Isaac sit next to he proudly . maurice have blend in as another member of this family . CUT to : int . caldwell guest bedroom - night a invite room . the kind prepare for visit grandmother and grandfather to stay in . maurice check himself out in the mirror ... he borrow pajamas fit nicely . he move to the window and stare at the moon light landscape ... enormous , endless , dwarf . the rock chair creak as maurice melt into it . he rub he calve slowly , the pain evident in he face . his head lean back after a moment ... on the verge of sleep . the SOUND of tiny footstep stir he . he look to the doorway to find Isaac stand quietly at the door in he baseball p.j.s . maurice I think you be asleep . isaac you know what ... I remember you be here and I wake up . Isaac walk silently to maurice ... tip -toe all the way . maurice you parent would want you to be in bed . isaac you tell storey ? maurice oh no ... I be not good at that . very bad in fact ... too late . Isaac climb up into maurice 's lap with great effort . maurice look down at Isaac who wait patiently for he to begin . maurice I would be exceedingly boring . Isaac wait . maurice I do not do this type of thing . Isaac -- still wait . maurice see there be two kind of people in this world . ( beat ) ... just a short one okay ? Isaac get in position , cradle in maurice 's arm . maurice search for something to say . maurice there be a boy name Isaac who want to play baseball , but he be too small and no one would let he play ... but he keep practice by himself -- wait ... he go to every game and sit in the stand with he glove . isaac you know what ... maybe I run onto the field and hit a home run . maurice who 's tell this story ? Isaac point to maurice . maurice good , now the team have this great big player -- Big billy . he be the best . he have they in the World Super -bowl - championship of little kid baseball . but right before the game , the second best player on the team be suspend because he play a prank on a nice man who own a book store ... when that boy grow up he be convict on burglary charge and spend fifteen year in prison -- where he belong . Isaac do not understand that last part . maurice anyway , Big billy need another player so he yell into the stand . ' who can play baseball ? ' and there be a little voice that yell out , ' I , I can play . ' everyone turn to see a little boy stand with a glove . isaac ( beam ) that 's I . maurice right . but everyone see how small Isaac be and laugh ... but not Big billy . he stare at Isaac carefully and then tell he to join the game . it come to the end of the game . it be the eleventh or twelfth inning or whatever be the last inning of a game ... isaac nine . maurice okay nine . Big billy 's team be lose and he be on base . that 's when Isaac come up . he could barely hold the bat ... Big billy wink at Isaac ... the ball be pitch -- Isaac hit the ball hard . it soar up and out over the stadium . everyone cheer . Isaac hit a home run and win the game . after the game , Isaac ask Big billy why he let he play . Big billy smile and say , I be not always Big billy , I be Little billy first ... Isaac and Big billy go off after the game and read a classic book together . the end . isaac you know what -- that be a really good story ... tell it again . maurice have to smile as Isaac look up anxiously . maurice there be a boy name Isaac who like to play baseball ... we back out as maurice rock back and forth in he chair . Isaac fall asleep in he arm . CUT to : ext . caldwell driveway - morning the family dog " Max " , scurries up and down with great excitement . Max can sense something big be happen . the caldwell clan , one and all have gather at the end of they driveway . maurice be escort out by Isaac who cling tightly to he hand . Mr. caldwell meet maurice halfway and pull he aside . mr. caldwell that 's a nice watch . maurice look down at he beat - up seiko . mr. caldwell I have always want a watch like that . maurice ( unstrap it ) it 's yours . mr. caldwell no . I will not take it unless I pay for it ... let 's see , that 's a pretty nice watch -- I can see that . maurice watch he suspiciously as he pull out a envelope from he jacket pocket . mr. caldwell let 's say I give you what 's in this envelope for that beautiful watch . maurice be hand the envelope . he open it to find a thick pile of cash , tens and twenties . mr. caldwell I really want that watch . maurice this be not right . mr. caldwell this be my only chance to get a watch like that . it would mean a lot to I and my family . please take it . it really be not that much . maurice stare into the envelope emotionally and hand over the watch tentatively . maurice this be a loan . Mr. caldwell strap on the watch and then hug maurice . the rest of the family say they good - by . Isaac will not let go of maurice 's hand as he walk out into the street . mr. caldwell Isaac , come back here . Isaac just hold on tighter . after maurice and Isaac have walk a few step out into the street , maurice kneel down . maurice I have to go now . Isaac 's bottom lip protrude as he try not to cry . maurice have to hold back a few tear himself . he hug Isaac tightly . maurice ( whisper ) why do not I meet you fifteen year ago ? maurice pull away from Isaac slowly . Isaac run to he mother 's arm . maurice wave good - bye to the caldwell as he head down the road . CUT to : ext . road - day maurice stop , bend down to the road and pick up a torn white paper streamer that spirale its way to he foot . he look ahead and find both side of the street line with park car . some of the car be decorate with white streamer . CUT to : outdoor wedding a beautiful canopy of flower sit at the end of ten row of lawn chair . maurice watch from near the car . he smile as the young bride and groom nervously say they vow . everyone laugh warmly as the groom stumble over he line . CUT to : int . chapel - day ( flashback ) moment before the ceremony . the guest be seat . the organ be playing . CUT to : side room Young maurice sit on a chair in a tuxedo stare out the half - open door to a old man who try to gain he balance by hold onto the wall . maurice be upset . he run he finger through he hair . the door open wide as Young ellen come in . she be wear she wedding gown . White lace , tight at the arm and waist -- she look stun . ellen what 's wrong ? they say something be wrong ? maurice stare at he rent shoe . maurice I be fine . ellen move to he and kneel before he . she lift he chin . ellen everyone 's here . everything look beautiful . they even get the white dove I want for the cake -- so what 's wrong ? what be it ? maurice move he gaze from she to the half open door . maurice it 's he . ellen look back . ellen you father ? maurice he 's plaster . ellen that 's okay -- really it be . maurice no it 's not . he should be here with I now , not try to find some fuck bottle of johnny Walker . he 's never be there for I . I have always be alone . maurice look like he may cry . maurice I be afraid ellen ... I be scared of be alone again . what if one day you realize how boring I be ? what if one day you realize you be not happy ? ( beat ) I could have be alone before , but now you have change thing . I can not be alone anymore ellen . I be scared what 's go to happen to I . ellen take both he hand and squeeze they between hers . ellen the day I meet you , I give you my heart . today , I give you my soul . where ever you be , where ever you go , I will be with you . maurice parker , I promise -- ( she shake he with emphasis ) I promise , you will never be alone again . CUT to : ext . outdoor MARRIAGE - day ( present ) the bride and groom run through a shower of rice into they limousine . CUT to : inside limousine they wave through the window as the car pull away . they settle in and look to the seat across from they . on the seat be a fresh flower . next to the flower be a note . the groom pick it up and show it to the bride . it read : " cherish everyday together " it be sign " m.p . " the bride and groom look at each other curiously . CUT to : road the limousine pass maurice on the road as he walk . CUT to : int . gazette build - day a fax machine roll out a tongue of information . Michelle , the intern , snatch it and jog through the maze of desk . CUT to : kris' office Michelle catch the tail end of a telephone conversation . kris -- come on Pete , this be important , this be racism in we backyard ... aw , that 's bull ... just think about it , okay ? kris hang up . kris they be push my jewish temple vandalism story to the Metro section ... kris notice Michelle 's familiar bright red face . kris what ? Michelle be completely flustered as usual . kris Michelle , breathe ... that 's it , what be it , talk to I . michelle ( hand the fax over ) umm , coalville Utah . kris study the fax before jump up from he desk and move to the wall . a enormous U.S. map cover three quarter of the wall . red tack mark a trail across the United States , beginning with Philadelphia . kris put a red tack at the top right corner of Utah . kris notice through the open officer door that Frank and Seth be listen in . kris nod to Michelle . who immediately shut the door on they view . kris wave bye before it close . kris he 's take highway 80 all the way . kris pace the room -- charge with excitement -- eye occasionally stop on the map . Michelle watch kris ' animated expression . kris you know what this be , do not you ? it 's a miracle . not like ... ' it be a miracle little johnny pass he math test . ' no ! this be a real miracle ... turn water to wine kind of miracle . people should know about this , everyone , every single person ... it 's time for a blitz . let 's see what kind of tv interest we can generate . Michelle enjoy watch kris when he 's like this . michelle umm , he 's go to make it be not he ? kris maybe . kris study the map . kris but he have not hit the toughest mile yet . CUT to : int . adelle' live room - night the light be out . the flicker from the tv dance over adelle and Gerald . adelle be fast asleep . Gerald be have a late night sandwich . nightline come on the tv . tv anchor what would you do for love ? this be the question Americans be start to ask themselves . the incredible tale of maurice parker 's walk across the country have catch the imagination of young and old . Gerald sigh . he put the sandwich on the plate and hand it to he leave -- obediently . pan to left to find adelle wide awake now . she glare at the tv screen silently as she take the sandwich and dump it in the waste basket release some of she frustration . a computer map of the U.S. trail maurice 's walk on the screen . tv anchor at 44 , this bookstore owner from wynnewood Pennsylvania have tallied a estimate 2,400 mile . his latest appearance in coalville Utah bring the spotlight of the country to that small town . gerald coalville Utah ? adelle I can not believe it . tv anchor whatever have carry Mr. parker through snow and rain and thousand of mile of this countryside , will have to carry he through the most dangerous part of he trek ... the three hundred mile through the sweltering road of nevada ... adelle my God . CUT to : ext . highway - day a merciless sun beat down on a long stretch of highway . the black tar from the road melting slightly . no sign of maurice . we see into the distance , not a soul in sight . we look to a hillside a hundred meter from the road . there we see a figure lie still in the shade of a overhange rock formation . maurice have a towel over he eye and he foot propped up on he shoulder bag . he be fast asleep . dissolve to : dusk the SUN turn red for one brilliant moment before hide behind the horizon . like a alarm go off , maurice wake up and pack he thing . CUT to : road the moonlight outline a line figure hobbling he way step by step with a walk stick . the air fill with a powerful rumble . maurice turn to see a wave of rock and sand slide down a hillside to the road . they cause a great thunder that settles to dust . maurice walk down the center of the highway away from the hillside . dissolve to : ext . highway - dawn the fiery nevada SUN begins its ascent into the sky . maurice look bad . he 's breathe heavy as he move up a steep incline by the side of the road . his foot slide on the loose dirt . maurice look like he could collapse at any moment . he make it to the indentation in the hillside -- just enough room to lay down in the shade . maurice lay out slowly . he pries off he sneaker , band - aid and blister cover every inch of he foot . maurice dump the sand out of he sneaker and painfully pull they back on . his eye close as he try to unbutton he jacket ... too late he 's asleep . maurice 's bed be a rock that jut from the side of the hill ... first we see nothing , then some grain of sand escape from the crack where the rock meet the hillside . the crack become slightly larger -- pulling away from the hill by a fraction of a inch . it stabilize there . maurice unaware of he precarious situation sleep twenty five foot above the ground . CUT to : mid -day another sizzler . temperature in the ninety . the sun be directly overhead . maurice stir in he sleep , move closer to the edge of the rock . a steady stream of sand pour from the crack ... a slight tremor ... then the frightening SOUND of rock moving against rock ... maurice wake up as he begin to slide off ... hand scraping at the dirt ... he slide off the rock ... foot and hand desperately try to cling to the hillside ... he pick up speed as he tumble down ... maurice look down in time to see a small jut in the rock hurtle towards he ... no time for panic ... slam ! a sickening crack of bone as maurice hit the rock square in the rib ... maurice flop down the rest of the slope like a rag doll ... he come to rest in the dirt , clutching he rib . the sun beat down on he stunne eye . maurice stare up at the dizzying slope . Sand still trickle down to a stop . he do not try to move for the first few second . his breathe increasingly erratic . maurice drag himself to sit upright . the sharp pain cause a distort grimace on he face . a short rest , before work he way to he foot . CUT to : highway maurice use a highway guardrail as a backrest . he take a seat in the dirt . maurice 's hair be damp with sweat . his breathe relegate to slow gasp . his leave hand cover he rib cage protectively . blood begin to trickle through the space between he finger . maurice close he eye for a moment , before he bent leg go into spasm ... maurice be force to straighten the leg instantly ... jarring he tender rib cafe ... maurice cling to the back of he thigh ... maurice be defeat ... on the verge of tear . he glance way down the road and spot a tiny cloud of smoke mile away in the distance . a car be move in he direction . maurice look up into the dazzling white sky . drop of sweat fall into he eye . maurice ( whisper ) it 's over ellen ... I fail you again . maurice look down the road at the cloud of dust grow larger . maurice I try ellen , I really try ... I do not have the strength . the cloud be now clearly a car ... maurice stare up into the sky again ... the tear racing the sweat down he cheek . maurice yell to the heavens . maurice you say I would never be alone !... you promise ... ( he yell turn to sob ) ... you promise . maurice 's be interrupt by a slight rustling behind he head . maurice turn and look through he tear ... there , a few foot from he , perch quietly and majestically on the guardrail be a golden eagle . it stand two and half foot tall . it spread it 's great wing . the feather expand like a blanket , span six foot , and throw a gentle shade on maurice 's face . maurice be freeze in wonder . the magic of the moment glow in he eye . maurice 's face gain life ... the dark feathered eagle stand like a god before maurice . the moment be breathtaking . CUT to : road the car on the road , take the last quarter mile in second ... screeching it's brake at the sight of maurice on the side of the road . maurice turn away from the bird as the car pull up . the driver get out and call over the hood . driver hey , man be you okay ? maurice 's face fill with strength . he grin through the pain . maurice I be fine . driver what the hell be you do out here ? you need a ride somewhere ? maurice no thank you . the driver be concerned . he open the driver door . driver you by yourself ? beat . maurice no . this pacify the driver somewhat . he nod and get in the car . maurice watch as the car pull away . he turn back to the guardrail -- the eagle be go . maurice look up into the sky . the Golden Eagle be fly overhead ... a tiny dot against the blaze sun . maurice struggle to he foot use the guardrail as support . maurice take he first step ... dissolve to : ext . suburban STREET - day suburbia . row of similar house with small lawn and custom mailbox . beautiful tree line the street create a canopy over the roadway . two woman sit on a swing on the front porch of a small suburban home . janis and ammie' conversation be cut in mid sentence . janis who be that ? ammie I do not know . what 's the matter with he ? Janis and ammie stare to the street where a sunburnt maurice stagger in a daze . maurice' Pov maurice be on the edge of darkness ... the tree and face swim -- mix with the color of red and blue cloth wave in the wind ... image come in and out of focus ... two woman walk towards he ... maurice clutches he head as the tree start to swim faster -- color , light , house ... dissolving to black : maurice collapse in the middle of this suburban street . Janis and ammie run to he side . superimposed : " roseville , california ... mile 3,205 " dissolve to : int . hospital room - day maurice lay still on a hospital bed . his eye slowly force themselves open . nurse ( o.s. ) good morning Mr. parker . maurice turn he head to the side . a pretty woman in she late twenty , with large lock of brown hair smile back . this be stephanie . stephanie there be a lot of people worried about you . maurice ( softly ) where be I ? stephanie in a hospital . maurice which hospital ? do you take I back ? Stephanie understand he worry . stephanie you be in St. Vincent 's Hospital in roseville California . you have be here three day . maurice close he eye in relief . maurice thank God . CUT to : int . hospital - afternoon the room be crowded . maurice be now propped up in a seat position . he try to digest a set of fish stick on a tray . maurice I can not believe you be here . I be touch . maurice look across to adelle and gerald . maurice be you two plan kid ? adelle maybe later . maurice you should definitely have child . they be really special . adelle and Gerald be in shock . maurice fork another fish stick with a smile . adelle I do not think you realize how serious this be uncle . maurice how serious be it ? dr . ray , who have be stand by the window listen , step forward . dr . ray you have two break rib , a puncture spleen and acute rheumatoid arthritis . maurice give a comforting smile to adelle . dr . ray the normal amount of build up in you artery have be aggravate by over exertion . this be call , " claudication , " as a result , there be not enough circulation to you body . that account for the discoloration in you extremity and the muscle spasm I be sure you have encounter . maurice can it kill I ? dr . ray it can , but it will have to wait in line . this surprise maurice . dr . ray we run a c.t. and a m.r.i . we find bleed in you brain . you collapse be cause by " transient cerebral - ischemia " ... a sudden loss of blood circulation to the brain . in other word , Mr. parker , you have a mild stroke . there be dead silence in the room . maurice ( scared ) I suppose I over do it . adelle move over to maurice 's side and hold he hand . maurice what step do we take now ? dr . ray we operate . we find the artery in the brain and close the bleed ... I just do this procedure on a Senator and he 's do fine . maurice what be the odd ? do I have a fifty - fifty chance of survive the operation ? dr . ray it 's hard to say . it 's a delicate surgery . there 's no get around the fact that it 's a very high -risk situation . adelle stroke maurice 's hair . maurice stare down at he food before look up with great resolve . maurice then it will have to wait until I finish . adelle what ? maurice I finish the walk , and then we may take all the chance we want . the room be stunne . adelle get off the bed and collect herself . adelle listen to I very carefully , because I do not want you to misunderstand I ... the walk be over uncle maurice . done. finish . you have make it to California , it be a miracle , now let 's try to save you life . maurice ( louder ) I be complete the walk . I be almost there . dr . ray okay , maurice keep it calm ... ( beat ) we can talk about this again , but just so you know , we have a guard on this floor who 's sole job it be to keep a eye on you . maurice be crush . dr . ray there be a lot of people out there who would like to see you finish , include I , but I be not willing to put you life in anymore risk than it be ... we do the operation , and when you be better , you finish the walk . the room be dead again . maurice drown in he thought . CUT to : int . hospital chapel - afternoon a small chapel . stain glass window overlook the parking lot . maurice sit in he wheel chair at the back of the room . a few other patient be scattered in the four small pews . maurice have he hand fold tightly and stare up at the statue of Mary . his concentration be break as a man in a full black suit and black shirt sit next to he . maurice nod at the priest . priest hello , Mr. parker . maurice hello . priest how be you feel ? maurice confused . I be not sure what to do now . I be not sure what he want for I . priest he want to reward you ... that 's why I be here . maurice ( a little confuse ) what do you mean ? priest I mean you have do a great thing . you should be reward monetarily . maurice be lose . priest what 's you shoe size ? maurice what ? who be you ? the priest reach into he jacket -- for the first time we see a polo design on he shirt and a gaudy gold chain around he neck . priest clive Silver -- Marketing executive at reebok . maurice stare at the card in disbelief . clive we want you to do some spot for we . maurice what the hell be this ? some of the patient turn around . clive I be talk six figure , pay or play -- for two spot . we want to push a new line with you ... America 's New hero . maurice be flustered . he can not take this . his eye become desperate . clive wave he hand in the air excitedly . clive imagine grainy black and white shot of long stretch of highway -- quick cut with a slow pound beat underneath ... then we see a man walk up a steep incline -- it 's you maurice . we see shot of you walk . cut. cut. cut. fast ... Music crescendo -- bham ! Close up -- and you say ... ' reebok , because there 's nothing you can not do . ' clive finish . he be surprised to find maurice in tear . clive be throw totally off as maurice stare at he angrily through stream tear . maurice my wife be dead . maurice continue he powerful gaze until clive look away . clive gather he thing and leave the chapel without another word . maurice drop he head into he hand and cry quietly . CUT to : int . hospital room - night a change of shift . Stephanie gather she thing . she lift she coat off the counter . underneath be a paper . she spin the paper to face she . the headline read , " the end of a journey - parker hospitalize . " CUT to : hospital room Stephanie peek into the dark room . stephanie ( whisper ) good night Mr. parker . I will see you tomorrow . Stephanie wait for a response from the motionless figure on the bed . she leave the room a little disappointed . we move closer to the bed . we see maurice lay still -- the batter photo of ellen clutches to he chest . CUT to : int . hospital hall - day Stephanie be wheeling maurice down the hall . maurice have a glint of happiness in he eye . they move through the door mark " visitor 's Area . " maurice stretch a huge grin as kris reddy get up from a chair . kris bend down and hug maurice emotionally . kris Tom joad ? maurice ... the grape of wrath . kris you be amazing . CUT to : later maurice and kris seat in the corner of the room . maurice I miss you kris . kris I miss you to Mr. parker . maurice adelle tell I , you write be go well . the crusader for social issue and all . kris you be right . from the heart be always better . beat . kris I drive by the bookstore -- it 's board up now . there 's a sign over the wood -- " Office space available . " the loss be evident on maurice 's eye . maurice I have not be too punctual with the rent . kris I be think you could open another store with investor . I be sure a lot of people would want to get involved with you now . maurice force a smile . maurice actually , I be not worried about my career right now ... I be more worried about how you be get I out of here ? beat . kris glance at the hair on he forearm . maurice be they stand ? kris ( run he hand over he arm ) salute . beat . kris come on Mr. parker . maurice what , come on ? kris I can not do it . I want you to finish , but I want you to live more . maurice sit back straight . he look upset . maurice we do the operation after I finish . I can not risk not finish ... I think you understand what I be do . kris I do . maurice why in God 's name do you fly all the way here then ? kris do not do this . maurice ... to look I in the eye and say what 's important to you be not as important to I ? to tell I you know what 's best ? to tell I life be more precious than what I feel for my wife ? kris get very emotional . he rise from this chair . kris Mr. parker , you can yell at I , if it will help . but I be not risk you life . maurice it 's mine to risk . maurice turn to the window away from kris . kris you operation be schedule for Friday . I will be back before then . kris walk to the door and stop . kris she know you love she Mr. parker . she know now . maurice ( not look at kris ) no more word . until I touch the ocean with my hand ... it 's all just word . kris be torture . he leave the room . CUT to : int . hospital hall - day maurice wheel himself into the hall from the wait area . he look around . his eye lock on the exit sign over the door at the end of the hall . his eye scan the area quickly . he immediately find the guard on the floor stare at he . the guard nod ever so slightly as if to say , " I know what you be think . " maurice turn he attention to a small boy in a hospital gown , be scold by a head nurse . head nurse you cooperate with we about take you medicine and maybe we will talk about candy . the head nurse take a chocolate bar out of the boy 's tiny hand . the boy offer no response . maurice watch curiously as stephanie walk over and pat the boy head . maurice catch a small exchange -- Stephanie slip another candy bar into he pocket . the boy break into a warm smile . Stephanie put she finger against she lip and wink . maurice take this exchange in with great interest . CUT to : int . hospital room - day Stephanie step into the room and prepare a tray of food . the silhouetted figure of maurice seat near the bay window turn to face she . stephanie you should be in bed . the face stare back from the shadow . she feel he watch . maurice what do you friend call you ? stephanie steph . maurice do you have a car , steph ? beat . stephanie you should be in bed ... Stephanie move to maurice ... she stop short when he face come into view . his eye be raw -- red . his face puffy . stephanie you be in pain . maurice I need you help . stephanie they tell I , you might try to talk I into something ... you need to rest Mr. parker ... it 's for you own good . ( beat ) I have be follow you story for a long while . it 's a beautiful thing you do . maurice you ever lose somebody Stephanie ? stephanie Mr. parker , I be suppose to give you you fish stick . beat . maurice melt she with he expression . stephanie ... my father . maurice do you tell he everything you want to ? do you do everything you could while he be here ? she shake she head " no " -- the tear welling up in she eye . maurice if I do not do this steph , my life be not worth save . maurice reach out and squeeze she soft tremble hand . maurice please , help I . CUT to : int . hospital hallway - day Stephanie throw a nervous smile to the guard as she escort a doctor down the hall ... the doctor 's oversize while lab coat almost drag on the floor as he try to hide the pain of be on he foot . maurice parker study a bogus chart in he hand . his new glass , slide off he nose . bead of sweat -- revealing he agony . CUT to : elevator Three people in the elevator ; Stephanie , Dr. maurice parker , and a female physician . the female doctor look at maurice curiously , study he demeanor -- she can not place he . the elevator door OPEN on the third floor ... the SOUND of a tv flood the elevator compartment . maurice look up in horror to see a close - up of he face superimpose on the tv screen seat on the receptionist 's desk . a man get on the elevator . the female doctor stare at the tv as the door close -- she immediately turn to maurice ... she view be block by the new passenger ... the elevator progress down 2 ... 1 ... the female doctor lean forward try to get a glimpse of maurice ... the bell ding as the door open on the ground floor . Doctor maurice parker and Stephanie quickly exit ... the female doctor stay in the elevator and watch carefully . female doctor ( yell ) Excuse I , doctor ... down the hall ... maurice pause and turn around -- fear etched across he face . the female doctor look around the barren hall then turn back to maurice . female doctor good luck . the female doctor smile as the door shut . after a few moment of shock -- maurice smile back . Stephanie yank maurice down the hall and out the emergency room exit . CUT to : ext . STREET - day a colorful canopy of leave ... a familiar tear american flag . Stephanie 's white vw rabbit pull to a stop . maurice this be it ... this be where I fall . he turn back to Stephanie who stare back at he emotionally . stephanie I never thank my father . he do so much for I ... I never thank he . maurice hold she sad face in he scared hand . maurice ( whisper ) it 's not too late . maurice get out of the car painfully slow . he pull he shoulder back upright with a laborious breath . a sense of pride return to he face . he turn back to Stephanie and catch a horrify look . he follow she stare ... she be stare at he shirt ... he look down to see a dark crimson stain growing beneath the surface . he cover the area with he hand . maurice you be go to have a lot of work to do when I get back . stephanie someone should be with you . beat . maurice someone be . he give she he best smile and begin shuffle he foot over the loose gravel of the road ... one step at a time . CUT to : int . hospital stair - afternoon a black man -- grey , bald hair walk hurriedly up the stair . this be stan newton . keeping in step with Newton be a police officer . sergeant emory , jet white hair , army cut , give he a intimidating appearance . CUT to : outside door Newton stop emory before enter . newton I be afraid Mrs. matlin be very upset . emory let the warning sink in before open the door . adelle 's voice be booming . CUT to : hospital room adelle yell at Dr. Ray , a few nurse , and the guard who be on duty . adelle ... " american Journal of psychology " , " psychological Review " , and " Science " , so I think it 's safe to say my opinion be valid . she catch she breath . adelle how do a grow man who can barely walk , just stroll out ?... this be not James bond here , this be my uncle who own a bookstore , and get outwitted by grade school kid pull prank ! adelle notice the new people in the room . newton Mrs. matlin , this be sergeant emory . he will help we find you uncle . adelle walk up to emory . adelle let I tell you a story sergeant . there be a patient of mine who have a Golden retriever , Mac ... she love Mac , not like a pet , but like a family member . one day , she have to leave Mac with ' friend ' , and would not you know it , Mac get away and end up fall into a sewer . my patient come back -- go nut when she hear that Mac have be in the sewer for over 48 hour . apparently the cop who find the dog do not want to get he pants dirty . and neither do anyone else . so of course , my patient decide to go in after it ... she fall ... break she hip and land next to she dead dog , who die of toxic fume down there ... adelle look around at all the engross face . adelle the moral of the story be ... she sue for a lot of money ! she sue the friend , the city , and the officer for negligence on duty . she have no Mac , no happiness , but she 's very rich now ... that be a dog . we be talk about a human be ... ( beat ) I hope everyone clearly understand the chain of event that will occur if something should happen to my uncle , whom I love more than you can possibly imagine ... now sergeant I would like to know right now , if you be willing to get you pants dirty for my uncle ? adelle and emory have a stare contest . adelle win . adelle stand alone in a room with four man , and she be clearly the one in charge . the door fly open . a police officer walk in push kris reddy through the door . officer I find he sneaking up the back stair with this . the officer hold out a long coat and hat . emory walk up to kris . emory do you help Mr. parker leave this hospital ? kris look to the empty bed and smile ... a big smile . kris no ... but I be go to . beat . emory turn to the officer and usher he to the door . emory forget he . it 's time to get we pants dirty . adelle smile . emory I want three black and white from here to handley Avenue . and no communication with the station . the press monitor the transmission . kris ( a bear actor ) they can do that ? emory that go for all of you . not a word about this disappearance to anyone . absolutely no press . kris smile innocently . CUT to : ext . STREET - night Police vehicle roam the city street -- slow to a crawl at every white male over forty , walk the sidewalk . CUT to : adelle scan the crowded intersection through the open window of she move taxi . CUT to : kris patrol the street on foot . he stop at a hot dog vendor and flash a picture of maurice from he wallet . the vendor shake he head , " no . " a commotion break out one block down ... kris spin in that direction ... see a crowd form at the corner of the sidewalk ... start toward they ... kris see something through the thin part of the crowd ... something lay on the sidewalk ... a man ! kris ' walk turn into a sprint . kris work he way through the grow crowd , puncture the center of the circle ... kris gaze down at the man writhe on the concrete ... a black man , shaking uncontrollably . a woman stand over the fall man wave the crowd back . woman he have epilepsy , just give he room ... a ambulance be on the way . the crowd spread out . kris look down at the unconscious man on the sidewalk sadly -- kris ' thought race . he move on with newfound concern . CUT to : int . homeless shelter - evening a convert gymnasium . the room be splinter into row of fold table and chair . against the wall , be the serve stand . group of volunteer dispense sandwich and soup . in the corner the room be crowded with homeless man and woman and a few child . in the back we find maurice . in he old clothes , and tired dishevel appearance -- maurice be virtually invisible in this crowd . he press something to he injure side . his condition have worsen . he eye the entrance where a police officer walk in and move to the serve counter . the officer ask the serve lady something , and show she a picture . she shrug she shoulder and continue serve . the cop take one last look around the hundred of hungry people leave the room . maurice pull up he hand from underneath he shirt . the napkin he be hold at he side be saturated with blood . maurice replace it with a clean napkin . dissolve to : ext . police station - morning sunrise on southern california . CUT to : int . police station - morning emory rub he eye as the papers pile up on he desk . officer klein lay out the newspaper one after the other . klein ... L.A. Times -- ' he 's back . '... San Francisco Chronicle -- ' have you see maurice ? '... New York Post ' unstoppable ! ' klein lay the last paper on the table . emory be that all ? klein no . the Mayor send word , that he want this thing handle quickly , before anything unfortunate happen . he say he do not want to be know as the ' Mayor of the City where maurice parker die ! ' emory be that all ? klein no. Mrs. matlin 's wait for you . klein open the door . adelle walk in and stand at a distance from emory . she look beat . her eye be bloodshot , and tired . adelle what happen with the museum sighting ? emory false alarm . adelle be visibly deject . emory it 's be a long couple of day for all of we . so let I be honest . if he have not turn up yet , he 's probably -- adelle no ... no . emory I speak with Dr. Ray this morning , and he say it be highly unlikely that someone in he condition could survive this long without medical attention , let alone walk sixty mile -- in fact he exact word be , ' impossible ' . adelle fiddle with she coat . emory if I know where he be , I would get he off the street , but I think it 's time that you , the Mayor , and everyone else be brace for the inevitable . CUT to : ext . junipero serra freeway - day the freeway be pack -- bumper to bumper . Cars stand still in the hot sun . a hispanic man in he late forty , juan be seat in he dodge caravan when he see someone in he rearview mirror . a man be use a stick as a cane . the struggle man make he way along the shoulder very slowly . Juan reach over to he passenger seat and turn over the L.A. Times . under the head , " he 's back ! " be maurice 's picture . Juan quickly roll down he window as maurice pass by on the shoulder . juan ( yell ) hey , maurice man -- keep go buddy ! maurice be startle at the man 's yell , but then smile when the word register . maurice struggle forward . Juan keep yell encouragement ... this grab the attention of other driver who realize who be walk past they . one by one , car door open and people call to maurice . overweight woman do not stop maurice ! young man go Mr. parker ! Cars start to honk ... more and more people turn to see the commotion ... the yelling and honking be joined by whistle and cheer -- maurice can not believe it -- he try to smile but can not hold it . his face tighten with every step . his shirt be soile with blood . he raise he hand and give a weak wave to a woman who hold up she little boy through the sunroof of the car . CUT to : a wcau news van park in the traffic . a newsreporter stare through binocular . reporter thank you God ! the crew quickly prepare they camera and equipment . they move like lightning . in second they be shoot the crowd and they hero . the air be charge ... the noise growing , more and more people join in ... louder ... people stand on top of they car to get a better view ... CUT to : a police car stick in traffic . officer dawson look around as the parade of noise surge toward he . he look out he window and catch a glimpse of maurice limping up the freeway . dawson sweet Jesus ! CUT to : int . police station - day Officer klein bust into emory 's office just as adelle be about to leave . klein they find he . adelle be instantly charge with life . klein Dawson 's on the c.b. -- want to talk with you sarg . CUT to : radio room adelle and as many officer that will fit in the room be listen to the radio conversation . emory what 's go on ? where be he ? emory click to listen . the speaker explode with honking and cheering -- it sound like a carnival . dawson yell over the commotion . dawson ( v.o. ) he 's just get off 280 . it 's amazing sarg ... everybody 's out of they car and cheer he on . emory shit , get he in you car and take he to St. vincent . beat . dawson ( v.o. ) you ever see that concert footage of the Doors , sarg ? adelle and the room of officer look confuse . emory what the hell be you talk about ? dawson ( v.o. ) the Doors , the musical group . I see a documentary where the police stop one of they concert , snatch Jim morrison right off the stage ... the crowd go frickin nut -- they tore up the place -- it turn into a war . ( beat ) ... I be not stop this concert by myself . and there 's no way you be get backup here -- it 's jamme up for mile . emory be think fast . dawson ( v.o. ) why do not we just let he finish sarg ? beat . emory look at adelle 's expectant face . he talk into the c.b. without take he eye off she . emory how do he look ? dawson ( v.o. ) like shit . he 's bleed heavily . he 's have breathe problem and he 's as pale as stone . if he be not move , I would swear he be dead . emory think . he talk to the other officer in the room . emory bring he in . now ! if he die out there , who the hell know what that crowd will do ... ( to himself ) let alone the Mayor . the room empty fast . emory talk to adelle . emory he will be in a hospital within a half a hour . somehow , adelle 's face do not convey much confidence . CUT to : int . pacifica mall - day the shop be empty . the food court abandon . Close to five hundred people be huddle at the center of the mall . the hi -fi house have four large screen tv 's in they bay window and speaker on the outside of the door to lure pass shopper in . all four set have the same program on -- a newsbreak on maurice parker . the crowd listen anxiously . tv anchor ... he 's head West on sharp Park Road ... witnesses describe he as seriously injure . a shock of concern shoot through the crowd . tv anchor Lynn mccay and we highway cam -- have just spot he ... the picture cut to a helicopter shot of downtown pacifica -- at first it just look like a aerial of building , then the camera zoom . it catch a tiny figure struggle through a street intersection . CUT to : ext . STREET - day newspaper spiral through the air . maurice stretch he neck up , squinting at the sun . the silhouette of a helicopter hover above he . the noise be overpower . maurice 's fatigue grow , every muscle , every ounce of energy go into each step . maurice clutches the side of he head ... the step halt ... hand tremble , tooth clench , eye squeeze shut . a surge of intense pain try to buckle he ... maurice fight it off as he move he foot again . the helicopter swoops above as he make he turn onto a final stretch of road adjacent to the beach . maurice stop dead in he track as he turn the corner to find a sea of people waiting for he . a momentous sight ... people line along the street for as far as the eye can see . a explosion of yelling , cheering californian engulf the AIR as they spot maurice stand at the end of the street . the crowd surge toward he . maurice be daze ... the noise , the pain , the face swirl in he head as thousand of people surround he . maurice be overwhelm . he be about to collapse when someone take hold of he arm . maurice turn to see kris reddy stand next to he . in the midst of this chaos and grow madness . maurice and kris have a entire conversation with one emotional look . the sound of siren break the moment . kris turn to see two police car turn on the street behind they . kris turn to maurice . kris do not stop walk . kris let go of he arm and move like lightning . he jump atop a fire- hydrant and yell to the crowd . kris the police be here . they be come to take Mr. parker away . he need we help . kris point to the squad car inching they way up the street . kris help Mr. parker ! do not let they end the walk . CUT to : the squad car as they come to a halt as a wall of people stand in they way . the speaker on the police car blare through the AIR . speaker step aside now ! you be order to step aside now ! the people do not move . a woman carry a baby make the baby move she little hand in a wave gesture to the officer behind the wheel of the police car . the officer look at each other in disbelief . CUT to : ext . STREET - day the far end of the beach road . a police car screech to a stop . sergeant emory and adelle get out . adelle be completely blow away . she look around at the pandemonium . thousands of man , woman and child celebrate with applause and cheer , helicopter in the AIR , camera crew stand on raise platform . adelle drink in the electric atmosphere with awe . emory yell order into he walkie - talkie as adelle break the outer edge of the crowd and disappear into the field of spectator . emory ( yell ) what the hell be go on ? it 's frickin wall to wall people and they be way too emotional . we need mucho backup -- now !... officer be to bring in Mr. parker on sight , do not ask question , do not hesitate , bring he in ... I want a barricade place along the entire beach area ... now God damn it , now ! emory click off and look around at the grow crowd -- he turn to see a public bus unloading passengers -- fifty more spectator rush off the bus and rush toward the crowded street . emory Holy shit . CUT to : ext . STREET - day maurice stare down at the ground ... willing each new step . the cheer and word of encouragement blurring into a undistinguishable SOUND . maurice look up for a moment as something grab he attention -- maurice gasp for air as he eye focus ... the small face become clearer ... maurice stand twenty foot from the entire population of pacifica high school . they cover one side of the street for a entire block . stretched over they head , hold up by twenty student be a huge hand painted banner . maurice read the word : " ellen be watching ! " CUT to : ext . beach - day truck unload dozen upon dozen of blue-wooden barricade . a assembly line of officer place the barricade end to end at the place where the sand meet the pavement . emory yell order as a new truck arrive . CUT to : int . news montage - day shot of the pulsating crowd ... glimpse of maurice moving through the CENTER of this Mass . over these picture we hear snippet of voice of tv anchor people , radio personality and announcers all over the country , dissolving into each other one after the other ... tv anchor ( v.o. ) ... through ten state and over three thousand mile ... tv anchor 2 ( v.o. ) ... a bookstore owner from Philadelphia Pennsylvania ... CUT to : father berchman the father that bring maurice in out of the cold in the Midwest , praying intensely in he chapel . a old hand - held radio be on the pew next to he . he listen to the update . radio d.j. ( v.o. ) ... ellen parker kill by a drunk driver September 2nd ... CUT to : mr . caldwell Isaac 's father , sit in a tv station watch the monitor as the feed come in from California . Mr. caldwell watch with great emotion , eye glue to the screen . tv anchor 3 ( v.o. ) ... a seven month odyssey through the heart of the country ... CUT to : sergeant dally the police officer from Philadelphia who work with adelle . he listen with the rest of the precinct to a portable stereo on a windowsill . the room be silent -- everyone hang on the word come from the speaker . radio d.j. 2 ( v.o. ) ... the power of the human spirit ... CUT to : gerald in a hotel room . the tv filling the room with news . Gerald sit behind two large room - service cart of food . he take a big bite of a sandwich with a emotional smile to the television . tv anchor 4 ( v.o. ) ... a life threaten condition , transient cerebral ischemia ... CUT to : ST . vincent's hospital where stephanie watch in the jam pack recreation room with about thirty patient watch a tv screen mount high in the corner of the room . Stephanie look a mess , she 's be cry for a while . tv anchor 5 ... a journey he begin by himself , will end with a family of million at he side ... CUT to : ext . STREET - day the boisterous crowd part like a ripple effect as maurice walk through . the eye fall emotionally on he as he stare down at the ground try to keep move . maurice gasp harder now , he eye sting with drop of sweat fall from he brow . people in the crowd cover they mouth in shock as they get a clear view of he ... his shirt soak on one side with blood , he entire body shaking with pain , and exhaustion , he face hollow and pale -- ghostly . maurice stop in he track . he look up at a wooden sign , wear from the year of salt water air . the sign read : " pacifica beach - 1 /2 mile " maurice 's thought fade away from this place , this time ... CUT to : ext . philadelphia - fifteen year ago - night ( flashback ) we be in the parker bedroom . the light be off . the moonlight from the window blanket Young maurice and Young ellen as they lay in bed . ellen be cradle in maurice 's arm . she be awake and watch the shadow dance on the ceiling . she speak in whisper . ellen what do you think heaven be like ? maurice open he eye and stare at he beautiful wife . maurice I do not know . ellen I think it 's a different place for each person . maurice do you have a dream ? beat . ellen I know where my heaven be . maurice where ? ellen pacifica , California . maurice chuckle . maurice why there ? ellen when I be ten , my family live in pacifica for a year . I use to go to the beach everyday that summer . I never feel so happy , carefree . it be a magic place for I ... that 's where my heaven will be . beat . ellen maurice ? maurice yes . ellen if I die , you will know where to look for I ? maurice go to sleep ellen . ellen no really , if God take we away from each other , you know where to look now ? beat . maurice ( pacify she ) the beach of pacifica , California . ellen good . beat . maurice go to sleep ellen . ellen smile as she cradle deeper into maurice 's arm . husband and wife fall asleep together . CUT to : ext . pacifica beach sign - day ( present ) maurice snap back to the present , the pain and commotion come back in a tidal wave of reality . maurice wipe the tear in he eye and try to take a step . someone block he way . adelle uncle maurice , please , we have to get you to a hospital . adelle look at she wounded uncle sadly . she touch he shirt and she hand come away with blood . maurice I have to finish first . adelle I will not let you die . the inner circle of people burst open , as kris break through . kris let he finish adelle . he 's almost there . adelle ( yell ) he 's almost dead . can not you see that ! this have nothing to do with you . maurice touch adelle 's cheek turn she attention back to he . he barely manage to get the word out . maurice it have nothing to do with you either ... this be between ellen and I . beat . maurice begin cry uncontrollably . maurice I be begging you ... maurice take she hand and bend down put he forehead to she hand as if get blessing from she . maurice let I do this for ellen , let I do this for my wife . adelle 's heart be break . she weep openly as she straighten she uncle to a upright position . she wipe the tear from he eye with she hand gently . at that moment the inner circle break OPEN as two officer rush in . they reach for maurice . adelle touch he , and they will be a riot ... adelle stand firm , the strength in she grow with each second . adelle ... and I will start it . the officer be take off guard . they look around at the countless sea of eye on they . adelle see they will not do anything and move to maurice 's side . maurice begin to walk again . adelle to one side , kris to the other and thousand of people follow in step . CUT to : ext . beach front - day the wave of people lead by maurice walk toward the beach . the beach be block off by barricade all along it 's perimeter . Police officer stand every ten foot along it 's edge . a young officer watch fearfully as the ocean of people move towards he . officer gantz talk into he walkie - talkie . gantz he 's come . what should I do ? CUT to : sergeant emory at the other end of the beach barricade , hold back hundred of people try to get to the beach . emory hold he walkie-talkie and look around at the sea of anxious face . he make eye contact with a woman in tear . CUT to : officer gantz click off he walkie-talkie as the crowd press up to the barricade . Officer gantz be in awe as maurice appear from the crowd -- look like a ghost of war ... a holy apparition . maurice work he way painfully to gantz . gantz look into maurice 's plead eye . maurice try to say something , but nothing can come out ... gantz turn away from maurice and pick up one of the barricade . he make a open about three foot wide . gantz turn back to maurice , stand at attention , and step aside . gantz ( with unspeakable admiration ) watch you step Mr. parker . adelle and kris watch in amazement as maurice take he first step onto the sand . CUT to : ext . beach - day a empty beach . all SOUND and chaos disappear . the gentle hiss of the ocean fill the AIR . the last fifty yard ... the step in the sand , heavy , torturous . each step , a step closer to she ... maurice pick up the pace . his numb foot make print in the sand . his lung on fire ... twenty foot leave ... ten ... five ... the cool water engulf he foot and ankle . maurice fall to he knee like a man fall before God . kneel in the water , maurice raise he hand to he eye . the water spill between he finger ... clear , pure , magical . maurice gasp hard as he fall onto he back . the water come in and wash over he ... gasp harder ... he 's stare into the sky ... another wave of ocean gently blanket he ... gasp ... he spot something above he , flutter ... he vision blur ... white fluttering ... slow -motion . the image clear ... maurice smile as he make out the image of a white dove flying above he ... maurice take a short breath , very short . his body go still -- he eye stay fix at one point ... no more pain , no more loss , no more word ... the water wash over maurice A. parker ... over he lifeless body ... and over he smile ... fade to black .