=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- L a B y R I N T h by Laura Phillips and Terry Jones Story by Dennis Lee early movie script scan in by cruiser one on Dec 28 , 1996 reformatted by Zelo , 16 - apr. 2004 =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- fade in on : 1 ext : sky - day a white bird soar . the sky be a glorious explosion of blue and mauve and lavender . the set sun wash the cloud with a delicate pink tint . the bird swoops and spiral and we be right there with he . then suddenly , below we , a extraordinary sight appear . 2 ext : labyrinth - day it be the labyrinth , a enormous maze of incredible mandala like intricacy . from we magnificent vantage point , we be barely able to make out its detail : the twist wall interrupt here and there by lush forest , the complex web of waterway , the forbid castle at the core . it be vast and magical , frightening and compelling at the same time . we would love to linger , perhaps fly lower and get a better look at this wondrous place , but the bird fly on 3 ext : glade - day it be a idyllic set , warm and invite . the late afternoon sun wash everything with a pink glow . between the water and a line of lush fruit tree be a flower - strewn glade . a figure emerge from the tree and walk toward the water . it be a young woman dress in a flow white dress that swirl around she in the breeze . the pink light burnish she hair and cause a gold circlet she wear on she head to glow . she be breathtaking , a vision of innocence and grace . she stop to pick a flower and then turn suddenly as if she have hear something . girl : be it you ? she take a few hurried step and then stop , smile shyly girl : you highness ! the girl curtsy deeply and then look up through lower lash , the shy smile still dance on she lip . and then we pull back to reveal a crown perch on a head of tight curl . we be looking through the crown at the girl as she rise slowly , then look boldly at the prince . girl : do not be sway by my pleasure at the sight of you , my lord . for though my father , the Duke , have promise you my hand , I can not consent to be yours until the evil that stalk we land from high hill to deep dale be ... suddenly the girl stop speak , a look of stunne confusion on she face . girl : ... from high hill to deep dale ... ( she brow furrow in concentration and then ) damn ! she burrow one hand into the deep sleeve of she gown and pull out a roll - up soft - cover book . she rifle through the page . the prince be not a prince at all , but a sheepdog wear a tin foil crown . he think he work be over and it 's time to play and he lunge happily towards the girl who be not a princess or even a duchess , but 15 - year - old sarah . sarah be knock over by the playful dog . beneath the gown which we can now see be homemade and not very grand at all , we see fade jeans and run shoe . sarah : get off I , you monster !! the dog grab the book out of she hand and run away with it , hope to be chase . sarah do not follow , she just sit up and pull the grass out of she tangle hair and sigh with frustration . the dog come back over to sarah , its tail wag hopefully . sarah : if you value you mangy life , merlin , you will hand it over . the dog obediently drop the book . the book on the cover it say , _meander' queen a play in three act by Robin Zakar_ . sarah reach for it and we hear a clock tower begin to chime . sarah leap to she foot . sarah : oh no , merlin ! we be really late ! why do everything have to happen to I !!!? merlin prance around she happily , he foil crown in he mouth . sarah pull it out of he mouth and throw it in a nearby trash basket . he rush after it and peer into the basket , want to fetch . sarah : it 's all you fault , you miserable mutt !! she hike up she dress and run into the tree . merlin whimper and tag along behind she . 4 ext : the other side of the tree - day sarah come burst through the tree and run down a hill toward the street . we pull back and we can see a enormous steel mill on the other side of the river . and now we notice that the light be not pink any more but sort of dull and hazy , and the idyllic glade be barely a suburban park , and this be just a ordinary day in a very ordinary place . 5 ext : a old rambling house - dusk sarah run up a path to a older , rambling house . she go through the front door , merlin hot on she heel , and neither one of they see the beautiful snow - white bird that land in a tree beside the path . 6 int : inside the rouse - evening sarah burst through the front door and make a beeline for the stair . she almost make it . sarah' mother appear in the hallway . mother : _ sarah_ , where have you be ?!!! sarah abruptly stop and change to a elegantly graceful ascension of the stair . sarah ( in a affect voice ) : I can not talk to you now . I be in rehearsal . she continue grandly on and head for she room . mother : you be suppose to be home a hour ago to baby - sit for freddie ! do not we at least deserve a explanation ? sarah stop and lean over the railing . she speak with a melodramatic solemnity . sarah : as meander 's Queen , I have be ... meander . dither I not about explanation . with that she turn and head for she room . on the door be a sign that say : " admittance by invitation only . " sarah' father come into the hall . father : what 's that all about ? mother : it 's a part in a play , ( raise she voice ) but that 's no reason to ... sarah turn in she doorway . she call down . sarah : chasten not you Queen , _ peasant_ ! she dramatically sweep into she room . 7 int : sarah be room - night sarah slam the door and lean against it , play the scene . father ( vo ) : _ sarah_ , that 's no way to talk to you mother ! sarah ( mumble to herself ) : she 's not my mother . sarah take a deep breath and close she eye . she can hear footstep and someone come to the other side of the door . sarah ignore she stepmother and kick off she run shoe . with a practice gesture sarah remove she jeans while leave she gown in place . stepmother ( vo ) : _ sarah_ , when I tell you to be home at five , I expect you to be home at five . sarah quickly shift to she stepmother 's attitude -- hand on hip , and silently mime she word . sarah : yes , Madame ! 7a int : upstair hallway stepmother : and do not " yes Madame " I ! father : be she all right ? stepmother ( frustrated ) : of course she 's all right ! I leave the bernstein ' number on the kitchen table ... freddie might be come down with a cold so call we if he seem even the least bit uncomfortable ... sarah ( vo ) ( sigh ) : yes , mother . stepmother : oh ! I give up ! she hurry down the stair . father : we will see you later , baby . and remember ... 7b int : sarah be room - night sarah speak along with he , mimick . sarah &amp ; father ( vo ) : do not open the door to stranger . we hear he leave . sarah wait a beat and then turn and open she bedroom door . sarah : and do not call I baby ! ( she slam the door shut ; mimick she parent ) precious little freddie might be come down with a cold ... she sigh and look around . this be really she world , she retreat , and she know and control every inch of it . the shelf be fill with a orderly array of childhood doll and toy . the book be line up neatly in the bookcase and if we could see they up close we would see that they be place in alphabetical order -- and accord to the year they be acquire . she walk over to she dresser . she check herself out in the mirror above the chest of drawer and adjust the golden circlet which have be knock askew by she run . she then stop for a moment and look at the photograph on the dresser . one of she father , she mother and herself as a little girl . another picture of she mother in a newspaper clipping be tape to the mirror . the headline say , " Linda Williams a smash in New play . " a cover of a playbill be also tack on to the mirror . it say _ best of both worlds_ star Linda Williams . sarah then reverently open a music box -- the kind with a twirling dancer inside -- and to the strain of a unbearably tinny version of " greensleeve " she begin to rehearse . sarah : do not be sway by my pleasure at the sight of you , my Lord ... suddenly , something stop she cold . sarah ( yell angrily ) : someone have be in my room ! through the mirror we see what she see : a empty space on one of the shelf . she swirl around and rush out the door . 8 int : the hallway - night sarah burst out of she room . sarah : where 's lancelot ? she stomp down the hallway . sarah : where 's my bear ?!! 9 int : nursery - night sarah enter freddie 's room . she search the nursery . sarah : nobody listen to a thing I say . she open a toy box and rifle through it . sarah : how many time have I tell they to stay out of my room ... she get to the crib and look down . freddie be wide awake , gurgle at lancelot , sarah 's tatter old teddy bear . sarah : and you , you can just give I back my bear ! she yank it out of the crib and leave . freddie look hurt and he face start to cloud up . 10 int : sarah be room - night sarah be curl up on she bed , cuddle she bear . merlin sit beside she . she look at the dog . sarah : you be the only one who understand I , merlin . he lick she face . she get up and hold the bear out in front of she . sarah : do not be sway by my pleasure at the sight of you , my lord ... she be interrupt by freddie 's cry . sarah : go to sleep , freddie ! the cry get louder . sarah sigh and repeat she favorite litany . sarah : why do everything have to happen to I ? 11 int : nursery - night sarah enter and approach the howling infant . sarah : I do not need this . she pull the blanket up over he and attempt to tuck he in . sarah : there , be not that nice ... but freddie do not think so . he push the blanket off and howl even louder . sarah see one of he toy on the floor and pick it up and give it to he . she speak through gritt tooth . sarah : want you nice toy ? but freddie do not . he fling the toy across the room . sarah bend over the crib and speak softly . sarah : you know , freddie , I hear that the only thing to do with a baby who will not stop cry be to get some goblin to come over and teach he a lesson ... freddie lower he scream to a whimper , but a loud whimper . sarah : how would you like that , kid ? a nasty evil goblin ... freddie be quiet for a moment , almost as if he be consider . then he really howl . sarah sigh and pick he up . she begin to pace back and forth , and start to hum . freddie go back to a mere whimper . sarah : oh , you like that , do you ? she begin to hum even louder and more melodically as she place the baby back into the crib . she then begin one of the moat macabre lullaby you could ever imagine . she sing of how scary the dark be , how " the shadow on the wall like to eat you when you be small " and how " a baby do not stand a chance when the goblin start they dance . " she throw herself into she performance ; add to it a wild dance that have she whirling around the room , leaping into the air , make strange shadow on the wall . finally , the dance end when too many craze pirouettes result in she stumbling against freddie 's dresser . she stagger a bit and then the light blink as a crack of thunder be hear , follow by a flash of lightning . another angle Little freddie be wail . he have not understand a thing that sarah have sung but he can sense that something be wrong . sarah : ah , c'mon , freddie . it be just a song . they be interrupt by the sound of the doorbell . sarah react with a gasp of surprise . freddie , for some inexplicable reason , be suddenly quiet . 12 int : foyer - night sarah approach the front door with some trepidation . she start to open it , then realize what she be do . she fasten the chain and only then open the door . 13 ext : house - night sarah' Pov through the door open sarah can see a very elegantly dress , quite good - look man of a indeterminate age . he have a worldly air , or be it other - worldly ? before he can speak a flash of lightning illuminate he face . he be a mesmerize sight and sarah can not help but gawk . man : Excuse I , be this the home of Sarah Williams ... Sarah Williams , the actress ? sarah 's jaw drop . sarah : that 's I . man : allow I to introduce myself ... ( he hold out he hand ) I be Robin Zaker . sarah squeal with delight . sarah : you write the play ! he smile . sarah : just a second . 14 int : foyer - night sarah 's hand hesitates over the chain for just a moment , and then she unfasten it and open the door . zakar enter and extend he hand . zakar : it be a honour , miss Williams . I understand you make a delightful Queen meander . sarah : well , we have just start rehearsal , but how do you know ? zakar : I be pass through this part of the country and hear that it be go to be do here . this be the first amateur production of the play , which of course be delightful for I . sarah : you know we be suppose to open tonight , but we get delay . the firemen have to use the hall . zakar : yes , I know , that 's why I want to stop by to see you . they be interrupt by a particularly loud crash from upstairs . and then freddie begin to howl . sarah : that 's my brother ... there be another crash and sarah start up the stair . sarah : I will be right back ! zakar watch she run up the stair . he glance around and then walk right to the liquor cabinet and take out a bottle . 15 int : nursery - night freddie in stand in he crib cry he eye out . sarah rush in and see that the storm have blow open the basement window and it be crash against the wall . she rush to close it . freddie 's scream be piteous . sarah : oh , freddie ... there be more thunder , and then lightning flash across the darken room . zakar ( vo ) : perhaps I can soothe he ... sarah gasp and whirl around . zakar be frame in the doorway . he have a drink in he hand . sarah hold the baby close . sarah : you should not be up here ! zakar ( smoothly ) : I just want to help ... sarah rush by he , still clutching the baby . 16 int : hallway - night sarah come out of the nursery and hurry down the stair . zakar follow . freddie be still cry . sarah : maybe you would better leave ... she get to the bottom of the stair . freddie whimper . zakar be make she very nervous . sarah : ... I , uh , do not think I care to talk to you about the play . he be right behind she , almost too close . zakar : neither do i. sarah be shocked and disturb by this . sarah : what ! zakar reach over and smoothes freddie 's hair . zakar : I be more concerned about the baby , of course . sarah pull freddie out of he reach . sarah : freddie 's just fine . but he be not . he 's still cry . zakar reach into he pocket and pull out a coin . be run it over he finger right in front of freddie 's face . the baby stop cry . zakar : there , be not that better ? sarah ( nervously ) : uh , sure ... but you really have to leave ... zakar ignore she and head into the live room . zakar : I be not just a playwright , as you can see ... bring he in here and I will do some other trick for he ... sarah : no ! you have get to ... but he be already in the live room . she follow , still hold the baby . 17 int : live room - night zakar be sit on the sofa , look very comfortable . sarah stand in the doorway , not sure what to do . reluctantly , she go and sit down across from he . zakar : now watch this , freddie ... he reach into he breast pocket and tug on the handkerchief there . it come out follow by many other , all different colour . sarah roll she eye . this be not that exciting a trick . freddie be not impressed , either . in fact he start to cry again . zakar : so you be go to be like that , be you , freddie ? well , you know what that mean ? he lean across the table and sarah pull the baby closer . zakar : it 's time to call the goblin ! sarah : what ?!! sarah be surprised to hear this , to say the least . it echoe she silly threat to freddie earlier . zakar : yes . that 's what we do with bad baby ... we send for the goblin !! and with that he reach into yet another pocket and pull out a poorly make , very silly - look goblin hand puppet . sarah laugh with relief . zakar , he hand in the puppet , talk in a high -pitch , unconvincing goblin voice . zakar : you like goblin , do not ' cha , freddie ? ( singsong ) but I bet you sister do not ... sarah roll she eye at this , and then gasp . because for one very strange moment , the puppet keep bounce , but both of zakar 's hand be visible ! and then the puppet seem to move away from the table , and disappear ! freddie clap he hand with delight . sarah jump out of she chair . sarah : where be it ?!!! zakar point to a large cabinet against the wall . zakar : it 's in there . sarah : impossible ! zakar : see for yourself . sarah hesitates for a moment , and then place freddie carefully on the rug . she then march over to the cabinet and throw open the door . another angle the puppet , grin wildly from inside the cabinet . another angle sarah gasp and involuntarily slam the door . she whirl around to face zakar . sarah : how do you do that ?!! zakar lean back into the sofa . zakar : Magic . sarah : oh sure ... she nod , skeptically . she can not see -- but we can definitely see -- the cabinet door slowly open behind she , and out of it come a tiny , fierce - look goblin ! this be not a puppet , but a live creature that move quickly out of sight with a exaggerated tiptoe . sarah be busy with another problem . she do not see freddie ! sarah : where 's freddie ?!! zakar shrug . in a panic , sarah begin to look around this room . she call for freddie and , as she pass in front of the live room doorway , we can see something scurry across the hallway . sarah stop and listen . sarah : freddie ? but it be not a baby she hear . behind she there be more scurrying as creature begin to appear from various part of the room . we hear faint snicker . she turn to zakar , terrify . sarah : where be he ?!! zakar point to the chair sarah be sit in . she be behind the chair and can not see anything . but when she come around in front of it she see freddie comfortably ensconce in the cushion . and he 's play with the goblin puppet ! sarah reach over and grab the puppet out of he hand . she fling it across the room and scoops up the baby . sarah : who be you ?!!! zakar throw back he head and laugh , then suddenly leap off the sofa and land very close to she . zakar : I have be know by many name ... but the one I prefer be _ jareth , King of the goblins_ !!! sarah hold freddie close and back away . sarah : I do not believe this ! amidst thunder and lightning jareth fling he arm up into the air , and he be suddenly dress in strange , medieval garb , a cloak swirl around he . and what 's worse , much , much worse , be that suddenly goblins be everywhere ! pop out of drawer , from under chair , swinging off the chandelier . sarah turn and run out of the room . 18 int : foyer - night it 's worse in here ! the goblins be pour down the stair , some slide down the bannister ! sarah try run into another room , but be soon back , follow by a dozen more ! she barely make it to the front door and struggle to open it with the baby in she arm . the goblins pull she back and laugh wildly . they fling she right into jareth 's arm . he scoops freddie up and whirl away from she . sarah try to grab the baby back but the goblins get between they . sarah ( hysterical ) : give he back , you monster ! give he back ! jareth only laugh and start to swirl gracefully . freddie laugh with delight and sarah struggle to reach he . with a superhuman effort she push through the Mass of creature and grab onto jareth 's flutter cloak . it 's like be catch up in a whirlwind of incredible force . sarah ( scream ) : I ... will not ... let ... you ... take ... he ! but it 's too late . sarah 's foot leave the ground and she be pull with they and the whole Mass of goblins . jareth and freddie swirl up through where the ceiling would have be , up into the blackness . there 's a quick montage of shot : jareth 's laugh face ; sarah , desperate as she finger be lose they grip ; freddie , who 's have a great time ; goblins , all gleeful ; then -- jareth 's garment pull out of sarah 's grip . she fall out of frame , a silent scream on she face . 19 ext : labyrinth - day a wide peaceful shot the sky be pink , and the white bird swoops by we as we tilt down to see the exterior wall of the labyrinth . it be a high masonry wall that extend off in either direction . along the wall be various ornamental bush and there be a small figure of a dwarf , he back to we , pee into a tiny pond . it look for all the world like one of that ornamental garden sculpture . but it be not . this be hoggle . in a closer shot , which be quite discreet , hoggle finish pee , and go over to a particularly lush shrub . a few butterfly - like creature , flower fairy , flit around the bush . hoggle : a ' how 's I pride a ' joy ! he lean forward to sniff one of the magnificent blossom , sighing with pleasure as he do . but before he can indulge he be stop by the whistling sound of a fall object . sarah fall from the sky and land right on he prize shrub ! incense , he scream with fury . hoggle : what be this ? look what you do ! you murderer ! sarah struggle out of the break shrub . sarah : what be you say , you horrible little man ?! hoggle : I be not horrible , I be _hoggle_ . and just look ! you have destroy I prize blossom ! he realize the extent of the damage to he prize specimen . hoggle : I will get ya for it , you big oaf ! and he pick up a spray can and go after sarah . but she 's have enough . after the nightmarish kidnap of freddie and a drop from the deep space , this guy be child 's play . she reach out and pull the can from hoggle 's hand . she then grab he by the shirt - front and practically lift he off the ground . sarah : oh no you do not ! if anyone 's get anything around here , it 's I ... now where ' my brother ?!! hoggle : I be not sayin ' nothin ' ' till ye let I go ! sarah sigh and let go . sarah : I be sorry . but this just have not be my day . hoggle look at he crush shrub again . hoggle : ye be not the only one . sarah ignore he and stare at the massive wall behind they . sarah : and I do not understand any of this ! hoggle shake he head and sigh . hoggle : now where have I hear that before . sarah : what do you mean ? hoggle : I mean , everyone who come here thinkin ' they can make it through the labyrinth say sumthin ' like ( mimick Sarah in a whiny , high pitch ) ... I do not understand this , whatever be I do here , how will I ever get home ... sarah : what make you think I be here to get through a labyrinth ? hoggle shake he head again . hoggle : can not think of any reason why you would be standin ' here in front o' this gate if you be not . sarah do not understand what he be talk about but when she look up she can not believe she eye . another angle a huge gate where just a moment ago there nothing but smooth , endless wall . sarah gulp in disbelief . then the huge wooden door fly open and a terrify creature run out , full speed , scream for he life . right behind he come two menacing goblins riding on strange beast . they be armed and dangerous look . they quickly catch up with the creature and drag he , scream piteously , back through the gate . before the gate close sarah can see more goblins , what seem like hundred of they . some be mount , most of they be armed . and beyond they a wall passageway seem to go on forever . then the wooden door slam shut . sarah : oh , no ! not more goblin ! hoggle : that 's jareth 's goblin army , and that other poor fool musta be catch meanderin' where he have no business . sarah : what will they do to he ? hoggle : I do not like to think about thing like that . sarah shudder . sarah : I wonder if thing can get any worse ? hoggle sigh knowingly . hoggle : he 's take sumthin ' o' yours , be not he ? sarah be clearly surprised . hoggle : jareth , we high a ' mighty king ... sarah nod , excited that someone have a grasp of the situation . hoggle : Bet he 's go and take sumthin ' you love . sarah ( shrugging ) : Close . he 's get my baby brother . hoggle laugh derisively . hoggle : baby snatchin ' ! that 's low . sarah : so I have just get to do something ! hoggle : like what ? sarah : get freddie back , of course ! hoggle : then ya would have to make it through the labyrinth , ' cause jareth 's castle be at its very center . sarah look at the gate and gulp . sarah : be it difficult ? hoggle snort with derision . hoggle : be I prize shrub crush into oblivion ? sarah be reach the break point . sarah : look , I be sorry about you bush ! but it 's not like I ask to have some weirdo come and take my baby brother and then drop I out of the sky ! hoggle : well , I do not ask for some overgrown flower fairy to drop on I prize possession , neither ! sarah : oh , this be ridiculous ! and she stalk off to the gate , mumble all the way . sarah ( to herself ) : ... stand here waste time talk to some weird guy who should be live under a bridge ... she be almost at the gate when she freeze with fear . through the gate she can hear the cheer and jeer of the goblins , and what might be the wail of they poor captive . there 's no way she want to risk face that horrific crew . hoggle have come up behind she and as she back away from the gate she bump into he . she shriek and whirl around . hoggle : that be not the only way in , ya know ! sarah be very relieved to hear this . sarah : it 's not ?! hoggle : course it be not . there 's many a route in ... just only one way out . sarah : well show I one ! I have get to find my brother ! hoggle sigh impatiently . be finger a belt that he wear , rattling it in a obvious manner . it in hang with every kind of watch and bracelet and ring you can imagine . hoggle : information like that have a price ... sarah , take aback by the amount of loot he 's acquire . sarah : I could give you this ... she take the gold circlet off she head . hoggle be not interested . hoggle : I have sumthin ' o' this caliber in mind ... he take she hand and we see that she be wear a beautiful ruby ring . sarah shake she head vehemently . sarah : no . my mother give I that . hoggle eye it greedily . hoggle : she could give ya another ... sarah : no , she could not . ( sadness cross she face suddenly ) she life real far away ... the sadness disappear just as suddenly . she hold out the circlet . sarah : this be all you get . he grab the circlet and bite it . hoggle : bah ! it 's paste ! something catch sarah 's eye . it be one of the tiny flower fairy . she lean over for a better look . sarah : no it 's not , it 's plastic . hoggle 's eye light up at that and he grunt with satisfaction as he string the circlet onto he belt . sarah reach out she hand to the fairy . sarah : what a beautiful little thing ... hoggle reach for the spray can . hoggle : let I at it ! sarah be enraged . sarah : you murderer ! how can you kill such beautiful creature ?!! just then the fairy give sarah a vicious bite . she shake it off she hand and cry out in pain . sarah : it bit I ! hoggle quickly spray the offend fairy and it fall to the earth , scream all the way . hoggle : of course it bit ya ! there 's nuthin ' more vicious than a flower fairy . any fool know that ! sarah suck on she wounded hand and try not to cry . hoggle ( sigh ) : but you do not know nuthin ' , do ya ? a tear trickle down sarah 's cheek . hoggle sigh . hoggle : I get a feelin ' I be gonna regret this . ( he stalk off ) come with I a ' I will show ya a way in . sarah hurry after he . as they walk along the endless wall hoggle look at the circlet and polish it on he sleeve . hoggle ( thrilled ) : plastic ! 20 ext : labyrinth - day another part of the wall . hoggle push a bush aside and show sarah a tiny door . she look at it dubiously . hoggle : this will take ya into the maze , that 's the first part of the labyrinth ... sarah : the first part ! what come after that ? hoggle get down on he knee and start to crawl through the door . hoggle : then there 's the Garden maze , then the forbidden Forest ... sarah : that sound invite ... he be through the door . he be still talk but sarah can not hear he . she quickly try to follow . sarah : wait ! wait ! I can not hear you ... 21 int : labyrinth - day hoggle be through the door . hoggle : ... then come the castle ... sarah 's head appear . hoggle : ... that 's surely where jareth 's keepin ' the babe ... he look down at sarah , she be through the door to she waist and strain to get the rest of herself through . hoggle sigh and grab she hand . with a groan he tug on she and pull she through the doorway . she land flat on she face . hoggle : ya do not seem to be able to do nuthin ' without my help , do ya ? he chuckle and sarah give he a look that could kill as she get up and dust herself off . she look around and the environment seem rather benign . the brick wall be open to the sky , here and there a flower peek through a crack . sarah : oh , I think I can handle it . in fact , this place do not seem so bad at all . and with that , she jauntily head down the nearest corridor . 22 int : corridor 1 - day sarah turn a corner and come face to face with a face . it be huge and grotesque and protrude out of the wall . face : go back ! go back before it 's too late ! sarah scream and back away from it , move further down the corridor . she back into something and whirl around . it be another face . face 2 : turn back while you still can !! sarah turn and run back the way she come . sarah : hoggle ! 23 int : labyrinth - day hoggle be still stand by the door , a amused smile on he face . sarah come rush toward he . sarah : oh , I be so glad you be still here ! they be horrible ... hoggle : you do not mean the false alarm , do ya ? he shake he head and go off in the direction that sarah just come from . hoggle : if ya gonna let a little thing like they scare ya , missy , ya have not a hope o' makin ' it to the castle . sarah quickly follow . sarah : false alarm ? 24 int : corridor 1 - day the corridor of face . hoggle enter and the face start in on they routine . sarah come up behind he , shudder at the ghastly sight . face 1 : this be the path of no return ! face 2 : beware ! beware ! hoggle : just ignore them . sarah : be you sure ? hoggle sigh and turn to the next face . face 3 : abandon all hope ... hoggle : oh , shut up , will ya ? sarah be wide - eye at hoggle 's defiance . face 3 : but I be just get to the best part ! hoggle : all right . but do not expect we to pay any attention . face 3 ( wink at Sarah ) : you be go to love this ... abandon all hope ye who enter here , for this be the road to destruction !!! hoggle ( bored ) : very nice ... sarah be dumbstruck . hoggle take she hand and yank she along . face 3 : come back any time ... I mean , you be doom , doom ! 25 int : corridor 2 - day hoggle and sarah continue down a similar corridor . hoggle : ya see , thing be not always what they appear to be around here , missy ... sarah ( shrugging ) : whatever . all I be interested in be get my brother back from that creep . she start to look around for something . hoggle : I admire yer determination , but it take more and that to beat jareth . sarah pick up a rock . sarah : well , maybe I be beginning to get the hang of this labyrinth business . she take the rock and use it to mark a X on the floor . sarah : see , now I will know which way we come in case I get lose . hoggle ( sigh ) : missy , goin ' back the way ya come be par fer the course around here , what ya want to do be go forward . sarah : look , hoggle ! I have get to find freddie and I do not need you to discourage I ! hoggle : and I do not need to be wastin ' I time goin ' around in circle with you ! sarah : that 's fine with I ! ( she start off ) I know you be only after my ring , anyway ! she turn a corner and hoggle look after she , hurt and pity crossing he face . he take a few step in she direction and a officious little creature , a brickkeeper , emerge from the brickwork of the floor , take out the cobblestone that sarah mark , and replace it with the mark side hide . it look up at hoggle . brickkeeper : some people get no respect for property ! hoggle stick he tongue out at the creature just as it go back into its hole . 26 ext : aerial shot - day the white bird fly over the maze and we see sarah march along . she think she 's go forward but she 's head right for hoggle . 27 int : corridor 2 - day sarah emerge into the corridor and come face to face with hoggle . sarah : but ... she whirl around to look behind she , then back at hoggle again . sarah : ... but you be just behind I ! I be sure of it ! hoggle shake he head as she run by he and look down at the floor . sarah : my mark ! it be right here ! hoggle come up beside she . hoggle : I tell ya , missy . thing be not what they appear to be around here ... jareth ( vo ) : except when they be . another angle jareth , in all he glory . sarah and hoggle whirl around and both gasp with surprise and fear . jareth : we meet again ... Sarah . sarah : where 's freddie ?!! what have you do with he !? she start to rush toward jareth but hoggle hold she back . jareth : nothing ... yet . he walk toward they and they automatically step backwards . he look down at hoggle . jareth : and what have we here ... hoghead , be not it ? hoggle be humiliate . hoggle : I name 's hoggle . jareth : ah , yes . now I remember . ( he move closer to hoggle ) you be the greedy little coward who life outside the gate . should not you be back there mind you own business ... hedgehog ? he chuck hoggle under the chin , and be quite rough about it . hoggle fume silently . sarah do not like this . sarah : why , why do not you pick on someone you own size ? he look she up and down . jareth : whom do you have in mind ? sarah try to brazen it out . sarah : I do not have time for any game . I want freddie , and I want he now ! jareth throw back he head and laugh . jareth : ah , freddie . a adorable little imp . I be really grow rather fond of he . sarah : where be he ?!! jareth : he 's in my castle , and seem to be enjoy himself immensely . he amble toward they and they can not help themselves , they both step backwards . jareth : in fact , he like be with goblin so much , I be consider turn he into one . sarah think this be crazy . sarah : you can not do that ! jareth ( grin ) : oh yes I can . sarah look down at hoggle and speak under she breath . sarah : can he ? hoggle nod glumly . jareth : but let 's make it interesting . I will not do it for ... thirteen hour . if you make it to the castle before then you might be able to save he . if not , well , I think little freddie will mike a adorable goblin prince , do not you ? he laugh and hold up both hand and we see that they be empty . he then close they and when he open they again there be a gold watch in one hand . he throw it to sarah , but hoggle intercept it and eye it greedily . annoy , sarah snatch it out of he hand . she look at it and see that it have 13 hour mark on it . when she look up again , jareth be go . worm ( vo ) : well , good riddance to bad rubbish ! sarah and hoggle both jump and then look at where the voice be come from . it be a little worm , poke its head out of a hole in the brickwork . worm : that 's what the missus always say , she do . why the last time she find that one around here she send he pack . sarah : jareth ?! worm : she do not take to he kind of nonsense , that 's for sure . now , how about a nice cup of tea ? the missus have a kettle on . sarah look down at hoggle , who shrug . she then look up at the worm and give he a beam smile . 28 int : corridor 2 - day sarah and hoggle be sit on the floor . sarah : do you think jareth will give freddie back if I make it on time ? hoggle : it 's hard to say , missy . but if I be you , I would worry ' bout first thing first . sarah : what do you mean ? hoggle : I mean ya get to find the castle before ya can go savin ' the babe and I mean to see that ya do ! sarah be thrilled and lean over and give he a kiss on the cheek . sarah : oh , hoggle ! thank you , thank you so much ! hoggle get all flustered and try to act gruff . hoggle : seem to I I could be gettin ' that ring from ya after all if I play I card right . sarah regards he affectionately . sarah : I know you do not mean that . you be help I because you be really nice . hoggle : I be not nice ! I just like the way ya stand up to he be all . ( he be thoughtful for a moment ; almost to himself ) too bad more have we have not have the gut to do the same . the worm reappear . worm : how about a biscuit ? the missus just take a fresh batch out of the oven . sarah : thanks , but we really do not have any time . we have get to get to the castle . hoggle : ya would not happen to know a shortcut , would ya ? worm : well , you might try take that first leave . sarah and hoggle look down the corridor . sarah : but there be not any leave turn . just then a strange figure seem to come through the leave wall and walk toward they . he be dress in long flow robe and wear a hat shape like a bird . worm : see , there 's a leave turn right there , where that Wise one just come in . sarah : a Wise one ! maybe he know the best way to the castle ! hoggle : I would not bet on it . but sarah be excited about the possibility of get more help . sarah : Excuse I , sir. could you tell we the best way to get to the castle ? wise one : the best way to the castle , hmmm . I be glad you ask that question . to sarah 's and hoggle 's surprise , the hat join into the conversation . hat : now you have do it , go and ask he a question . we will be here all day ! wise one : a castle , or fortress , or as it be sometimes know , a stronghold or citadel -- or , that which have a turret and barbican , but usually not a portcullis ... hat : what do I tell you ? there 's no stop he now . wise one : ... often there be a rampart or bulwark , and then a parapet -- perchance a actual vallum or counterscarp ... hat : shut up down there ! wise one : ... and for entrenchment ; a moat , drawbridge and sally - port ... sarah look at hoggle . sarah : this be not one of my better idea . hat : well , I tell you that , do not I ? but nobody ever listen to I ! he look down at the still mumble wise one . hat : enough ! nobody care !! the wise one blink and look at sarah and hoggle . wise one : do one of you say something ? sarah think quickly . sarah : oh , no . we never talk to stranger . wise one : that 's very wise . a idea worth savore . hoggle nudge he . hoggle : yeah , but keep it under you hat ! hoggle think this be hilarious . the hat do not . hat : ve-ry funny ! the wise one continue on he way . wise one : the stranger , hmm . I be glad you bring that up . the stranger ; one not indigenous , also know as the alien , or one from beyond the sea ... hat ( hysterical ) : I quit ! I can not take it anymore ! and then they be go , pass through the righthand wall as if it be not there . sarah watch after they , stunne . sarah : how do he do that ?!! hoggle : and how can we make sure he do not come back ? sarah give he a look and turn to the worm . worm : just go over to that bit of wall there and walk right through it . the important thing be to forget what you think you know . it do not apply around here . sarah and hoggle walk down to the part of the wall where the wise one enter . once there , they can see that a section of the wall be actually a passageway - width behind the rest of the wall . sarah yell back to the worm . sarah : thank you ! and tell the missus we be sorry we miss she biscuit ! and then they walk through the wall and be go . 29 int : corridor 3 - day sarah and hoggle appear through the wall and sarah laugh with delight . hoggle be not as pleased with the experience and feel the wall as if testing to see if it really happen . sarah see that they be in a corridor where the wall be crumble and she climb up to the top of one and look over . another angle sarah' Pov - the turret of the castle sarah ( excited ) : I can see the castle ! it do not look far at all ! hoggle be still feel around the wall , try to figure out how they get there . sarah jump down and start to run down the corridor . sarah : come on , hoggle . let 's go ! hoggle see she retreate figure and hurry after she . 30 int : castle - day jareth 's great hall . he stand by a window and look out over the labyrinth -- from this vantage point he can see clear across it : the hovel that surround the castle wall , the arid plain that lead to the dense forest , encircle that , the complex maze . he seem lose in think . the white bird enter the window and land on he shoulder . behind he freddie be have a grand time . his slippery crawl be too much for the goblins that scurry about , try to mind he . meanwhile , a particularly stupid look goblin begin to approach jareth . he saunter across the room and be stop short by a female goblin . she grab hold of he shirt and hiss a warning . female goblin : remember ! it 's bow and scrape ... bow and scrape ... the stupid goblin nod and she let he go . he then continue he approach to jareth , only this time he do a little bow and then scrape he foot across the floor , then repeat the action . stupid goblin ( to himself ) : bow and scrape ... bow and scrape ... jareth turn and see the goblin . jareth : well , what be it ? the goblin can not answer and do he bow- and - scrape at the same time so continue he painfully slow approach . stupid goblin : ... bow and scrape ... bow and scrape ... annoy , jareth walk over to the goblin and lift he up by he shirt front . the goblin be still bow . jareth : I say , what be it ?!!! stupid goblin : th ... the girl and hoggle , sire . th ... they be halfway th .... through th ... the maze . jareth drop the goblin hard on the floor . freddie see this and laugh with delight . jareth walk over and scoops the baby up in he arm . he then carry he over to the window . he call over to a armed goblin by the door . jareth : I think it 's time they have some company . armed goblin : yes , Sir ! be then salute , cause he visor to close on he face , then stumble around look for the door . jareth shake he head . jareth : you will make a much better goblin than that , will not you , freddie ! freddie 's response be to clap he sticky baby 's hand on to jareth 's face . jareth , pretend he do not mind , carefully remove it . he then look down to the courtyard below . 31 ext : castle - day jareth' Pov armed goblins be pour out of the castle . 32 ext : corridor 4 - day sarah and hoggle be stride down a corridor . they be about to come to a corner . sarah : be you sure jareth can turn freddie into a goblin ? I mean , that 's really weird ... they turn the corner and hoggle stop short . sarah become alarmed . sarah : what be it ? hoggle gesture for she to be quiet and then we can hear what he hear -- march . they look back the way they come . another angle sarah' and hoggle's Pov - a battalion of armed goblins , march right towards they ! another angle they look at each other , then turn and run . hoggle try to get through the wall the way the worm show they . hoggle ( quote the worm ) : just forget what you think you know and ... he smack headlong into the wall . he stop to rub he nose and sarah fly by he . sarah : come on ! 33 int : castle - day freddie be now sit on the lap of a goblin , happily bop it on the nose . jareth snap he finger and a group of sleepy musician in the corner stumble over themselves to pick up they instrument . they begin to play and jareth look out the window and begin a song . he sing about the labyrinth ; what it be -- he domain , and what it be to other -- a test , a prove - ground , not for the faint of heart . 34 int : maze montage - day while jareth sing , sarah and hoggle try to escape from the goblins . they get a lead on they for a while and come to another corridor with crumble wall . they scamper up to get a look at they position and see dust rise from several part of the maze . the goblins be everywhere . in another corridor , they be stop in they track by dozen of little fuzzy creature who scurry towards they out of the way of the oncoming goblins . they turn and run back the way they come and as they do wall creature chatter nervously and then disappear into the crack between the brick . in a corridor with very short wall they be able to see the tip of spear on either side of they , go in the opposite direction . they enter a corridor with several arch curving over it , form small , intermittent bridge . think they be safe , they stop for a breath , and soon realize that a battalion be right behind they . they scurry up the wall , and as the song come to a end , they each lie across a arch hopefully out of sight of the goblins below . 35 int : arched corridor - day sarah and hoggle huddle above the corridor on they arch as two goblins bring up the rear . goblin 1 : I can kill better than you can . goblin 2 : but I be better at maim . everybody say so . and they be go . shaken , sarah and hoggle slide down from they hide place . sarah : do you think they be go ? hoggle : sure they be . goblin be not know fer they intelligence , ya know . they have as much trouble findin ' they way through the maze as you do . he fold he arm and lean against the wall . sarah : I be not sure , but I think you just call I stupid ... suddenly hoggle yell and disappear . he have accidentally lean on another secret wall open . sarah quickly follow . 36 int : corridor 5 - day hoggle and sarah be now in the long circular corridor that divide the maze from the beginning of the second ring of the labyrinth -- the Garden maze . hoggle ( excited ) : I think I know where we be ! sarah : that will be a nice change . he ignore she and look around excitedly . hoggle : this place be the end o' the maze ! that mean we be near the entrance to the second ring o' the labyrinth . sarah : the second ring ? what 's that ? hoggle start down the corridor . hoggle ( happily ) : the Garden maze ! sarah ( gloomy ) : sound like a great place ... what 's it like ? hoggle : do not know , I be not never make it this far before . he be skip happily down the corridor when sarah hear something . it be a strange clanking sound . sarah ( frighten ) : hoggle ! what 's that sound ?!! hoggle stop skip and sigh . hoggle : now do not go gettin ' all girly on I , missy , now that we 's finally safe ... sarah : so you think we be safe , do you ? hoggle ( annoyed ) : do not I just say so ?!! sarah : then tell I what you think of that . sarah point behind they where the clanking noise be come from . it be now much louder . hoggle come over to she and take a better look . he scream . another angle there Pov - a slashing machine be come right towards they . ( a slashing wall be make up of row of furiously spin knife , and chopping cleaver , and have brushes along the bottom to clean up whatever it encounter in its path . ) and there be no way around it because it completely fill the corridor . another angle hoggle desperately try to walk through the wall the way they come in , but it be to no avail . he just keep smash he face . sarah start to run for it . sarah : come on ! hoggle follow , every so often try , and fail , to get through the wall . another angle sarah , who be far ahead of hoggle , come to a door ! and hang on a hook next to it be a bunch of key . she look back at hoggle . sarah : hoggle , hurry ! another angle sarah' Pov - hoggle run toward she , and make slow but steady progress toward they both -- the slashing machine . another angle sarah fumble with the key , furiously try key after key in the door but to no avail . she be terrify . sarah : none of the key work ! desperate , she start bang on the door . hoggle be just a few yard away from she . hoggle : why do not you just try it ? he then try once more to walk through the wall . sarah try the knob and sure enough , it open . she be delighted . what she do not see be hoggle suddenly disappear through the floor . sarah : it 's open ! hog ... she turn around and he be go ! and the slashing machine be just a few yard away ! she scream and , in she terror , fall backwards through the door . it slam shut just as the slashing machine reach it we can see that four goblins in sanitation worker ' uniform have be push the machine all along . they grunt and strain , cranking the wheel that turn the knife and push all at the same time . 37 int : picture gallery - day sarah emerge into a large room . the wall be cover with large painting in ornate gilt frame . she be a bit stunne by the clone call with the slashing machine as she approach the first painting . sarah ( to herself ) : what in the world ... she stop short in front of the first painting and cannot believe she eye . it be a painting of the watch with 13 hour on it . the hour hand be on the 9 . sarah fumble into she pocket and find the watch that jareth give she . it also have the hour hand on the 9 . sarah : only 9 hour leave ! the next picture be of a baby surround by gruesome goblins . on closer inspection , the baby be obviously freddie . she choke back a sob and run over to the next one , it be a picture of a rotunda with staircase go off in all different direction on different plane of gravity . it be a escher room , and a closer look show a goblin happily stand on the ceiling . she shake she head and go by the next painting and gasp involuntarily . it be a compelling portrait of jareth , and she move even closer . then she shake herself out of it . another angle the portrait Pov - sarah will herself away and move on , and we hear the sound of jareth 's breathe . another angle sarah be nervous and eagerly look for a way out . she rush by another painting , give it merely a glance . but something make she go back for a better look . it be of a lovely , manicure hedge maze . in the distance we can see the turret of jareth 's castle . and in the sky nearby fly a beautiful white bird . and then sarah be amaze by what she see . a closer look at the painting reveal that the white bird be fly ! it move over the hedge and we see a figure wave . sarah : hoggle ! sarah , disturb , back away from the painting . and then , because it really be as wonderful as it be scary , she go back for another look and over she shoulder we can see hoggle wave and we hear he tiny voice . hoggle : missy ! over here ! this be the way to the castle ! and sarah strain to hear , and lean toward the painting , stretch she hand out and touch the painting , which make it turn into a shimmer wall that she hand go right through . and then she disappear right through the painting . another angle the gallery . and jareth 's portrait be now blank . 38 ext : hedge maze - day sarah rush up to hoggle and throw she arm around he . sarah : what happen to you ? I be afraid I would never see you again ! hoggle : ya know that trick with the wall ? damn , if it do not work with the floor , as well ! sarah laugh and hug he again . 39 int : hedge maze - day sarah and hoggle have be walk through the maze a long time . they be tired and bedraggle . sarah pull the watch out of she pocket and sigh . sarah : a hour 's go by and I do not think we be more than four foot from where we start . hoggle : that 's ' cause ya will not do what I tell ya . it 's clear as day we should be goin ' this way ... he turn a corner and walk smack into a hedge dead end . he howl in pain and sarah sigh and follow he . another angle hoggle disentangle himself from the hedge . sarah : get any more suggestion ? before hoggle can answer they be interrupt by a terrible gut - wrenching scream . it be positively unearthly . sarah whirl around . sarah : it sound like it come from over there ! hoggle point in the opposite direction . hoggle : then let 's go this way . sarah frown at he as the scream begin again . sarah : hoggle ! it sound like someone 's be hurt ! hoggle : exactly why we should be headin ' in the othermost direction ! sarah shake she head in disgust and run off as the scream become more unbearable . another angle sarah , run through the hedge maze . drive by the sound of the scream , she have a unconscious ability to find she way through . hoggle , try to keep up with she , keep run into dead end . another angle sarah emerge from the maze . she be stop in she track by what she see and quickly cover she mouth to prevent herself from scream . hoggle emerge a moment later , barely pause before he head right back into the maze . 40 ext : clearing - day sarah' Pov - four goblins be torture a huge creature ( ludo ) that they have hang by he ankle from a tree limb . they have also take pain to bind the creature , who it be obvious could take a most of they and win in a fairer fight . he be about nine foot tall , powerfully build , and he scream of frustrated agony be truly unbearable . the goblins have devise a unique method of harass he . they all carry long stick which have small , fierce , bite creature on the end of they . the goblins bat they stick at ludo , who bellow and try to swat back . since he be tie , the nipper be free to bite he whenever they get near . another angle sarah , distraught , peek out from behind a hedge . sarah : the poor thing ! hoggle peek out from behind sarah , then quickly duck back . sarah look for a way to stop the torture . she pick up a rock and carefully aim it at the nearest goblin . it hit he head and knock he helmet visor over he eye . blind , the goblin lurch around , swinging he nipper stick at the other three . blind goblin : hey ! who turn out the light ? the other goblins see a new target and poke they nipper stick towards he . he take off and run blindly into the hedge maze . the other three chase he , carry the nipper stick upright no that we can see they progress in the bg . another angle sarah desperately try to untie the huge knot that hold ludo suspend upside down . she can not undo it and yell for hoggle sarah : get out here , you coward ! hoggle appear from behind he hedge . he hesitates , then pull a dagger from he belt and join sarah . he cut through the rope in one hack , and ludo fall to the ground with a thud . another angle the nipper stick start yammer away as they see sarah and hoggle freeing ludo over the top of the hedge . the goblin chase stop and they head back to the clear . hoggle dive for the bush but a determine sarah stay and pull off the rope . when ludo be free , he pick up a huge log . as the four goblins come roaring back into the clear , ludo wave the log over he head . the goblin charge immediately shift into a goblin retreat , the nipper stick yipping in fear . another angle ludo put down the log and sit , he big shaggy head hang down . he take one hand and wipe away a tear . ludo : ludo ... hurt . sarah 's heart break . this thing be the ultimate stuff animal . sarah : be that you name ? ludo ? he nod and wipe away another tear . ludo : goblin ... mean to ludo . sarah : oh , I know ! they be terribly mean to you . ( she move closer and pat he arm ) but it 's all right now . ludo sniff and then break into the most endear big dumb smile you have ever see . ludo : friend ! sarah : that 's right , ludo ! I be you friend . I be Sarah . ludo : Sarah ... friend ! hoggle have come out from hide during this exchange . he find the whole scene a bit nauseate . and a unnecessary nuisance . if there 's one thing he do not want , it 's competition for sarah . hoggle : I think I be about to be sick . they ignore he and ludo grin for all he 's worth as sarah beam up at he . hoggle pull she over to one side . hoggle : I hope yer not thinkin ' o' lettin' the beast traipse along , missy . he will just slow we up . sarah : be you kid ?! he will be a great help ! the goblin be scared of he because he 's so fierce ... just then ludo shyly offer sarah a flower that he have just pick for she . she take it and smile at he . hoggle ( sarcastically ) : I see what ya mean . sarah shrug and give ludo a pat . hoggle sigh with frustration . hoggle : I just think we be doin ' fine on we own . sarah : and we can do even better with ludo. ( turn to ludo ) you want to help I save my baby brother , do not you , ludo ? ludo : save ... baby . good ! sarah nod with satisfaction and stride into the hedge maze . ludo right behind she . hoggle follow , clearly unhappy . 41 ext : forest gate - day sarah , hoggle and ludo come out of the hedge maze and see a wall with two sarah - size door in it . hoggle : this be it , the entrance to the forbidden Forest . all we gotta do be pick a door ... sarah : what difference do it make ? let 's just go ! ludo quickly step between sarah and the door . ludo : one door ... good . one door ... bad . hoggle : well , that 's great news . ( to ludo ) do not suppose ya know which be which ? sarah skirt around ludo and go up to the door for a closer look at they . ludo : one door ... good . one door ... hoggle : all right , ya walkin ' mountain ! ya make ya point . another angle sarah ignore the bicker behind she and examine the door . each one have a door knocker on it . both knocker be carve into face , except one have the ring go through its ear and the other have it stick in its mouth . sarah ( to herself ) : I guess once you choose a door ... all you have to do be knock . the knocker with the ring through its ear speak . knocker 1 : be you address I ? sarah jump back , stunne . sarah : you can talk ! knocker 1 : what ? what ? you will have to speak up !! knocker 2 : mmffn ... grnth ... sminvl ... sarah turn to the other knocker . sarah : you too ! knocker 2 : ... gmft ... bmble ... sarah shake she head in amazement . another angle the boy be still at it . hoggle : if yer so smart why not show we another way inta the forest ? ludo : ludo ... not ... know . hoggle : that figure , do not it ? ( he turn he back on ludo , fume ) why the missy want a overgrown hill o' hair fer a friend be beyond I . ludo try to make hoggle feel better and pat he on the shoulder . hoggle shake he hand off with a growl . another angle sarah be excited . sarah : I love it ! talk door !! ( to knocker 1 ) be you the right door to the forest ? knocker 1 : it do not do to ask I . for some reason I can not hear a thing . sarah turn to knocker 1 . knocker 1 : no use ask he , either . all he do be mumble . knocker 2 get very excited . knocker 2 : thgt ... vrnf ... lcl ... sarah : I get it ! you can not talk with that ring in you mouth ! she remove the ring and look at the face triumphantly . sarah : now , tell I which one of you be the right door to the forest . knocker 2 : oh , I be . no question about it . sarah : great ! how do we get you to open up ? knocker 2 : one merely have to knock . sarah : of course , why do not I think of that . she try to get the ring back in its mouth . knocker 2 : oh no you do not , young lady ! I have have just about enough of that awful thing , thank you very much ! sarah : but how be we suppose to get through this door if you will not let I knock on it ? knocker 2 : well , I really could not say now , could I ? sarah throw up she hand in disgust . knocker 1 : oh do speak up , both of you ? I can not hear a thing ! another angle hoggle and ludo be still at it . hoggle ( conspiratorially ) : ya know ... even if she do get the door open , ya will not be able to fit through . why not make it easy on we all and take a hike ? ludo : ludo ... stay ! hoggle be disgust . hoggle : yer quite the speechifier , be not ya ? another angle sarah suddenly give knocker 2 a evil grin . sarah : be you sure there be not anything I can do to change you mind ? knocker 2 : absolutely not ! my lip be seal ! sarah : that 's what I think ! the knocker press its lip firmly together . sarah deftly squeeze its nose shut . it sputter for air and finally have to open its mouth before it suffocate . sarah shove the ring in with a gleeful cry of triumph . she knock , and the door swing open . sarah : let 's go ! she go through the door and hoggle and ludo race to follow . they both try to get through the door at the same time and get into such a tangle that the door close before they can straighten themselves out . hoggle : now you have do it ! in a frenzy , hoggle start bang on both door . hoggle : missy ! missy , wait ! 42 ext : forbidden forest - day sarah on the other side of the door . except on this side , there be no door , just a long expanse of wall . the forest be very dark , and as its name suggest , very forbid . sarah can hear hoggle call , but it be very faint . sarah ( scared ) : hoggle ? 43 ext : forest gate - day hoggle be beat on the door with such a frenzy that the other door swing open . hoggle : I be come ... he rush through the door and disappear . we can tell from he voice that he be fall down a deep hole . hoggle ( echoed ) : ... miiiiiiiiissy ! we hear a huge splash . then that door shut and ludo be all alone . ludo : Sarah ... go . hoggle ... go . he be sad and confuse . a figure emerge from the hedge maze and begin to walk along the wall , away from ludo . it be the wise one . ludo brighten and chase after they . ludo : wait ! the wise one stop and the hat look ludo up and down . hat : this ought to be a good one ! ludo : ludo ... need ... door ! wise one : you have need of a door , do you ? ah , yes . a very useful thing , the door ; also know as a portal or threshold -- and that which give access , a gate or gangway ... he continue walk and ludo walk with he , listen intently . wise one : ... also a entrance or entry , often accompany by a propylaeum ... hat ( sigh ) : if only I have hand I could cover my ear ... that be , if I have ear ... wise one : ... not to be confuse with a window , or fenestration ... 44 ext : forest - day sarah have wait long enough . sarah : hoggle , ludo ... where be you ? she reach into she pocket and look at the watch . the hour hand be on the 7 . sarah : ( whisper ) oh , freddie ! ( she shove the watch back into she pocket ) well , you guy be go to have to catch up with I ' cause I can not wait . then determine , she stride off . 45 . int : hole - day hoggle be in a pool at the bottom of a deep hole in the ground . there be a ledge just above he and he splashes violently try to reach it . hoggle : somebody help I ! I can not swim ! 46 ext : forest - day sarah be in a very thick , creepy part of the wood . she be clearly lose . she get herself tangle in a thorn bush , and struggle with it to get herself free . finally she do , and then , frustrated , sit down on the ground . sarah : why do everything have to happen to I ? but there 's no time to think about that because she hear the sound of a drive drum rhythm and then a wild - look , spindly , leer little creature come scamper through the tree and into the clear ; and then another , and another and another . sarah be terrify as they approach she , but then not so terrify because the creature be not do anything except dance ; wild , loose - limb , frenzied dance . sarah laugh , and can not help but be take in by the wild spectacle . and then they begin to encircle she , still move to the wild rhythm . sarah ( laugh , move ) : what be you ? wild thing 1 : we be Wild thing , baby ! Wild ! wild thing 2 : Wild and free ! wild thing 3 : get down ! and then more wild thing appear , and this produce instrument . as and turn the drum rhythm into a frenzied upbeat number . wild thing 1 : you call that wild ! I will show you wild ! and then he do a amazing thing , to say the least . he take he head off and roll it along he arm from hand to hand like a juggler , then toss it high in the air and deftly catch it on he shoulder . sarah gasp and try to get sway but another wild thing push she back into the middle of the melee . wild thing 2 : cut I some slack and move on back ! and they do , and , move to the pound rhythm , he take he eye out of he head and wave they at sarah . he then toss they on the ground as if they be a pair of dice . they land at sarah 's foot look straight up . wild thing 2 : snake eye ! sarah be fascinate and repell . and the beat get hotter and the frenzy more frenzied and she can not help get a little wild herself . she begin to really dance . wild thing 3 : that 's it , baby , get wild and free ! but you will never be as wild as I ! and to prove it he take he head off and begin to dribble it like a basketball . wild thing 1 lean over to sarah and whisper conspiratorily . wild thing 1 : I would not call that really _wild , would you ? sarah : well , it 's ... uh ... sort of ... wild thing 1 : I would call _this_ wild ... and he take off he head , put it on the ground as if it be a golf ball , and then remove a leg and use it as a golf club . the head go fly , right to sarah . sarah catch the head , then try to get it back to its body but the body dance into the middle of all the other wild thing and she can not find it . so there 's sarah , run around like a chicken with two head when suddenly the ear start to flap and the head fly out of she hand . a wild thing grab she hand and turn she around . wild thing 2 : that be _wild , baby . ( he start to dance ) now how ' bout gettin ' wild with I ? but sarah have have enough . sarah : I think I will sit this one out ... wild thing 1 : not with we you do not ... wild thing 2 : ' Cause we be _wild ! and then they be all over she , like a bunch of hyper puppy , and it 's really too much . sarah : enough ! I have get to find the castle ! wild thing 2 : well , why do not you say so , baby ! wild thing 3 : that 's a _wild idea ! and then he head fly off and he have to quickly grab it and put it back and meanwhile the other start push and pull on sarah and propel she into the wood . wild thing 1 : they get some wild going on at the castle , baby ! 47 int : hole - day hoggle be hold on to the ledge with he fingertip . he do not have the strength to hold on much longer and he look down at the water in mortal terror . he begin to slip just as a door open in the sheer rock and jareth enter , accompany by goblins . jareth : well , what have we here ... if it be not little _ piggle_ ! hoggle scream and slip into the water . he try to struggle back to the ledge but the goblins push at he with pole , laugh maniacally . jareth : do the girl decide she do not need you , now that she have that beast ? hoggle ( angry ) : she would not do nuthin ' like that ! jareth lean over the water , laugh . jareth : do not you know she could never care for a repulsive thing like you ! hoggle splashes and try to stay afloat . hoggle : she do care ! I and Sarah be friend ! jareth : only until something better come along ... and I have definitely get something better in mind ! hoggle : do not you hurt she ! hoggle grab on to the ledge and the gleeful goblins push he back down into the water . jareth : what I do to she be my business ... and it be _inevitable_ . he grab hoggle by the shirt front and lift he out of the water . jareth : you can be with I or against I . hoggle ( terrify ) : wh ... what do I gotta do ? jareth : I doubt if she can make it to the castle in time ... he lean down and speak directly into hoggle 's face . jareth : but just in case , I want you to deliver she to I . hoggle : never ! I would rather die ! jareth sneer scornfully . jareth : then so you shall . he drop hoggle back into the water . the goblins shriek with delight . hoggle go under and come up sputtering . hoggle : wait ! jareth be about to leave . he turn back to hoggle , a look of amusement on he face . hoggle : I gotta know what ... what you will do to she ! he splashes pathetically in a desperate attempt to stay above water . jareth : I will do what ever amuse I ... he reach into he cloak and bring out a perfect peach . jareth : all _you_ have to do be give she this . he toss hoggle the peach . hoggle catch it and immediately the water start to recede . jareth : you have make a very wise decision . he leave , follow by the goblins . hoggle : I do not decide nuthin ' ! hoggle stare forlornly at the peach , and soon the water be go and he be sit on cold , damp ground . 48 ext : forest - day the wild thing be lead sarah on a rocky path . she stumble along but they could not care less . sarah : be you sure this be the way to the castle ? wild thing 1 : oh , do you say " the castle " ? wild thing 2 : I think she say hassle ! wild thing 3 : I think she say rassle ! wild thing 1 : rassle ! that 's a _wild idea ! he leap on sarah and she fling he off . sarah : ok , guy , fun 's over . she start to leave and they pull she back . wild thing 2 : over ! it 's just begin ! and then the musician be back and the dance get wilder than ever . the wild thing totally surround sarah , and though they be not hurt she , they be definitely not let she out . what they do be start throw they head at each other and switch they . wild thing 1 , 2 &amp ; 3 : now this be _really_ wild ! another angle a door open in a nearby boulder and ludo appear . in the background we can see and hear the wise one as he wander off . wise one : ... very often precede by a porch , or portico , also verandah , and follow by a vestibule , otherwise know as a antechamber or foyer ... hat : why I ?!! the door close . ludo see sarah in the middle of this weirdness and be just a bit confuse . sarah see he amidst the fly head and cry out in relief . sarah : ludo ! ludo : Sarah ... not ... want ... castle ? sarah : be you kid ?!! get I out of here !!! ludo approach the wild thing and grab a head before it reach its target and calmly toss it into the tree . wild thing 3 : hey , big fella ! that 's a little stoo' wild ... but there 's no time to talk because ludo calmly catch the other head and toss they away . the body go scurrying after they head , follow by the musician . sarah be free . sarah : oh , ludo ! I be so glad you be here ! she give he a kiss and he beam . sarah : where 's hoggle ? ludo : hoggle ... in ... bad ... door . sarah : we have get to find he ! do you think we can ? ludo be very confident . he spend a lot of time with the wise one . ludo : ludo ... know ... door ... he amble off with sarah follow . ludo : also ... portal ... or entrance ... 49 int : hole - day hoggle be more depressed than ever . the peach be nowhere to be see . suddenly ludo 's head appear above . ludo : hoggle ... all ... wet . hoggle almost jump out of he skin and then be totally outrage . hoggle : ai not that the clever observation , ya feeble excuse fer a thinkin ' creature ! sarah appear from behind ludo . sarah : be nice , hoggle . or we will not get you out . hoggle 's face light up and all thought of anger be forget . hoggle : missy ! 50 int : forest - day sarah , hoggle and ludo march through thick , overgrown forest . they do not know that they be be spy on by jareth' goblins . 51 int : clearing - day the threesome emerge into a clear and see that they have come to a wide fissure that go off in either direction as far as the eye can see . it be span by a rickety bridge hold by two thick wooden post on either side of the gap . sarah eye the bridge warily . sarah : it do not look too strong but we do not have much choice ... suddenly they be interrupt by a high -pitch , but powerful voice . voice ( vo ) : halt ! halt or be slain forthwith ! at first they do not see a thing and look around for the source of the voice . then , the impose 18 inch high figure of didymus , resplendent in rakish hat and swashbuckle sword , emerge from behind one of the post and stand in front of the bridge . ludo and sarah be dumbstruck . hoggle , however , be not at a loss for word . hoggle : out of we way , ya wretch little rodent ... didymus look directly at hoggle . didymus : you , sir , shall be the first to feel the point of my sword ! hoggle snort with derision and sarah try a more sensible approach . sarah : please , we really have to cross this bridge . it 's a matter of life and death ! didymus shrug elegantly . didymus : under any other circumstance I would hasten to oblige you , fair damsel , for you mission sound a worthy one . sarah : oh , it be ! didymus : but I be swear . without my permission , none may pass . sarah throw up she hand and hoggle mumble under he breath . it appear to be up to ludo to break the deadlock . he lift didymus up into the air and move he to one side . they then start to walk toward the bridge and didymus chase they , brandish he sword . didymus : you dishonor I , varlet ! en garde ! to he chagrin they ignore he and keep walk . didymus : rapscallion ! duel ... or _dy ! this get they attention and they turn to look at he , annoyed . hoggle : what _is_ this weasel babblin ' about ? it be too much for didymus . he fling himself at hoggle with a mighty war cry . hoggle try to run for it but didymus be right behind he , administer more than a few pinprick in embarrassing place . hoggle dive behind a bush and didymus sniff at he cowardice . he come back and face ludo . didymus : it be you I want , rogue of rogue . you who deal I the gravest affront ! and with that he jab ludo in the foot ! ludo be stunne , and howling , begin to hop on he good foot . didymus , he head throw back for a triumphant yell , go after ludo with he sword flash and there be nothing for ludo to do but pick up a branch and defend himself . it be the most mismatch duel in the history of chivalrous absurdity didymus move at a incredible speed , parry the mighty swipe of ludo 's branch with great skill -- and no small amount of difficulty . and ludo fend off the incessant pinprick of the little sword , leaping about with surprising agility -- and at a rate that exhaust he totally . finally , the two of they , breathe heavily , lower they weapon . and , to everyone 's surprise , didymus throw down he sword . didymus : I no longer wish to slay you , for you be a truly noble knight . then didymus stride up to he and , craning he neck , attempt to look ludo in the eye . didymus : destroy I if you will . ludo quickly drop he branch in response . the whole thing have upset he gentle nature terribly . didymus then hold out a tiny paw . didymus : never have I meet my match in battle , yet you , noble knight , have fight I to a standstill . ludo kneel and tentatively take didymus ' paw into he own huge hand . didymus : let we be brother henceforth , and fight for the right as one ! sarah cheer and hoggle , unimpress , rub he sore rear . ludo smile from ear to ear . ludo : ludo ... get ... brother ! then he and didymus exchange the ritual kiss on each cheek , which in they case be not easily accomplish . sarah then turn practical . sarah : well , now that that 's settle let 's get go . she head for the bridge but didymus block she way . didymus : you forget my sacred vow , my lady . I can not let you pass . sarah be incense . sarah : but you say ludo be you brother ! how can you refuse he ?!! didymus : I have take a oath . I must defend it to the death . hoggle , enraged , turn on ludo . hoggle : some brother he turn out to be ! ludo : brother ... good ! hoggle : well , if he 's so good , why will not he let we get on with we business ? ludo scratch he head . he have no idea . sarah sit down beside the crestfallen didymus . sarah : ok , let 's handle this thing logically . what exactly have you swear ? didymus brandish he sword . didymus : I have swear with my life -blood , no one shall pass this way without my permission . sarah : then may we ... _have you permission ? didymus be stunne . hoggle and ludo barely breathe . slowly didymus look all around and then , with a courage great than any he have ever have to call on before , he say it . didymus : yes . and the sky do not fall , and the earth do not heave , and everything be exactly as it should be . sarah : thank you . didymus breathes a sigh of relief and step aside to let they pass . ludo be the first one to go over and that be unfortunate . because the rickety bridge collapse under he weight . sarah and hoggle jump back on the ground near didymus just in time and poor ludo swing over the deep fissure , hang on to one of the rope that hold the bridge . with a mighty effort he hoist himself up on to the opposite side and look forlornly over at the other . sarah : oh no ! sarah crumple to the ground , and stare miserably at the break bridge . hoggle : now see what ya do , ya mush - brain mammoth ! didymus : I , Sir didymus , take responsibility for the action of my brother , my lady . lash out at I if you must . sarah : I be not mad at ludo , Sir didymus . I be just upset because time be run out and I have to rescue my baby brother . didymus be strike to the very root of he chivalry . didymus : you mean to rescue _a child ?!! sarah : the goblin king take he , and I have only get ... she take out the watch . the hour hand be on the 5 . sarah : ... five hour to get he back . didymus yell across to ludo . didymus : be this you quest , too , my brother ? ludo : save ... baby . didymus be overwhelm . didymus : then I shall join you , lady . I be at you service , upon my sword . he bow low before sarah and she smile . sarah : I happily accept you fealty , Sir didymus . hoggle frown with displeasure at this latest development . hoggle : this be all well a ' good , missy . but we still get one little problem . they all look across the fissure at ludo . ludo : ludo ... friend . hoggle : yes , yes . we be friend . very nice . what 's that get to do with we gettin ' over there without a bridge ? ludo : rock ... friend . hoggle : we be wastin ' we time , missy . let 's you a ' I go find another ... he be interrupt by ludo bellow , which be follow by a sympathetic rumbling . suddenly rock pile in from both direction until there be a pile in the fissure high enough for they to walk across . ludo : rock ... friend ! sarah ( laugh ) : they sure be , ludo ! she skip happily across follow by a sullen hoggle . didymus whistle and be quickly join by a tail - wag sheepdog . sarah gasp , he be the spitting image of she own merlin . sarah : it 's ... didymus : ambrosius ! my noble steed . sarah laugh and shrug . nothing surprise she in the labyrinth . 52 ext : forest - night the edge of the forest . from here you can see the castle in the distance , just across the dry , crack plain . the sky be full of star . sarah , hoggle , ludo and didymus be sit around a fire . didymus : what will you do after we save the child , my lady ? sarah : take he home , of course ! that be , if I can figure out how . didymus : what be you kingdom like ? do you have many knight to defend you honor ? sarah : not even one . didymus : it can not be ! what bitter place be this that do such dishonor to my lady ? sarah : it 's a place where ... where nobody really see I . ludo : ludo ... see ... Sarah ! sarah : ( laugh ) I know you do , ludo . ( she turn to didymus ) and thanks to you , Sir didymus , I finally have a knight . he bow graciously . hoggle , who have be watch this scene , feel reject and miserable . he get up and wander away from the fire . after a moment , sarah follow he . sarah : do not you feel like rest ? hoggle : I be not tired . sarah : I neither . what I be be hungry . hoggle wince but sarah do not notice . sarah look back at ludo and didymus . ludo lie on he back snore loudly . didymus doze against ambrosius ' side . sarah : they be both wonderful , be not they ? hoggle : they be alright . sarah : they be more than that ! they be loyal and strong ... and with they help I be go to beat jareth ! hoggle shake he head sadly . sarah speak as a afterthought . sarah : and yours , too , of course . hoggle : I be not no fighter ... she shrug that off and wander away to look out at the castle . hoggle go through agony for a moment , and then make a decision . hoggle : missy ... if you be hungry ... he hold out the peach that jareth give he : the world 's most delicious look peach . sarah : oh , great ! she happily take the peach and bite . it take everything hoggle have to not put he hand over he ear . she take another bite and then stumble . sarah ( laugh ) : everything 's dance ... she look up at the sky , exhilated . sarah : even the star be dance ! hoggle turn and walk back to the fire . sarah stumble about as she gaze happily at the sky . 53 int : castle - night freddie be lead the goblins on a merry chase . he crawl around the room , pull thing off shelf . a goblin be on he hand and knee in front of jareth polish he boot . jareth kick the goblin and send he fly across the room . this make freddie laugh and he pull a book off the shelf and throw it . it hit a goblin on the head . jareth scoops up freddie and put he in he cradle . he sit down next to he . jareth : Little goblin- to- be , I have something to amuse you . he wave he hand in front of freddie and suddenly beautiful crystalline ball appear in they . he run they over he finger like so many coin , they molten light so dazzle that freddie kick up he leg with excitement . and we can see that at the end of he pajamas be two wizen goblin foot ! jareth laugh and fling the ball into the air and they turn into bubbles , beautiful , mesmerize bubbles . jareth : soon , little one . very , very soon ... and they both watch the bubbles as they fly out the window and over the labyrinth , coldly beautiful against the darken sky . 54 ext : forest - night sarah 's hand open slowly and the half - eat peach fall to the ground . she stare out into the sky , mesmerize . the bubbles be approach ; dazzle , dance bubbles . and then she hear music , haunt , spell - casting music . the bubbles come closer and we can see that each one contain a twirling dancer , a dancer just like the one in sarah 's music box . she get up and follow they . another angle hoggle watch from the wood . hoggle : damn you , jareth ! ( he turn and begin to walk away ) and damn I too ! another angle a bubble , with sarah inside it , float through the sky . she appear enchant , and she begin to twirl , just like the other dancers . 55 ext : ballroom - night a giant bubble , with a magnificent ballroom inside it . tiny bubbles rush to join it . in one of they be sarah . 56 int : ballroom - night the music change and now sarah be inside the ballroom . it be a magnificent spectacle with all the beauty and decadence of a 18th century venetian ball . magnificently dress dancers swirl to the music in a incredibly opulent set . but when you look closer you sense decay just beneath the surface ; thing be threadbare , fade . the guest wear mask that be elegant parody of goblin face , give they all a slightly sinister look . and there be something very provocative about all of they ; the women have bare shoulder and dare decolletage , many of the men have they shirt open to the waist . some of they lounge against the wall indolently and there be the feel that the party have be go on all night . in this set sarah be the picture of innocence . two women snicker behind they fan as sarah approach , and she be suddenly terribly self - conscious . how plain she feel amidst all this ! she look into one of the many mirror that line the ballroom and sigh at she image . then suddenly she see something in the mirror that make she gasp . another angle the mirror , and in it the reflection of a resplendent jareth dance with a particularly exotic-looking woman . sarah whirl around , try to get another glimpse of jareth . she be so intent on try to see he that she do not notice that she be be stare at brazenly by a young man lean against the wall . he move next to she and whisper something into she ear . she hurry away , shocked ; and the young man throw back he head and laugh . and jareth see the whole thing . another angle sarah be approach by a middle - aged man who have a box hang at waist height from a ribbon around he neck . it look like sarah 's music box . she look down at it with interest and he throw open the cover . but there be no dancer inside , instead there be a stick carve like a snake . it shoot out at sarah and she cry out and back away . all the people around she laugh and she move hurriedly on . jareth , who be dance with a even more beautiful woman than before , watch sarah . another angle sarah be look for jareth . she spot he and see he whisper something to he partner who smile knowingly from beneath she mask and lick she lip . sarah blushes and turn away and find herself look into another mirror . but in the reflection , jareth be not with a partner . he be stand alone , the dancers a whirling blur around he , and he be look straight at she . sarah , whirling around to face the crowd and she see jareth with yet a third beauty . and then she realize that it be herself ! in a trance - like state she move through the crowd to get a better look . another angle sarah' Pov - she be whirling in jareth 's arm , and she be the most beautiful woman at the ball . jareth smile down at she and the attraction between they be palpable . jareth : you look like a queen . sarah look up at he , thrilled by he word . sarah : I ... I feel like ... I ... do not know what I feel ... jareth ( smile ) : do not you ? and he whirl she around dizzyingly , so dizzyingly that she swoon in he arm . he catch she before she can fall very far , tightening he grip around she waist . sarah : be we ... be we in a bubble ? jareth : yes , we be . a dream bubble ... where you dream can come true . another angle our sarah be be jostle by the crowd . she stumble and almost fall on top of a couple on a bench . the woman be sprawle across the lap of the man who wear a mask with a very phallic nose . sarah back away from they , frighten . another angle jareth and sarah , dance . she be smile up at he , he have never look more handsome . there be something more open about he , as if he , too , be catch up in the moment . he nuzzle she hair with he lip and whisper in she ear . jareth ( whisper ) : my Queen ! then he begin a song . a song that tell sarah he will give she everything she want , even thing she do not know she want . a song that say forget it all ; all the restriction , all the powerlessness . forget and stay in the dream . another angle our sarah watch , mesmerize . but every time she try to get closer to jareth and sarah she in jostle by a lascivious admirer , push out of the way by women laughingly be chase by men . she stumble against a wall and a door open . Inside , pillow feather be fly and she can not make out what the several people be do . a woman come up to the doorway , wink at sarah , and close the door . another angle jareth finish the song and sarah look up at he , smile . he move he face closer to hers and she close she eye . his face come closer , and closer . another angle our sarah shrink back from what she be see . she turn and run , push herself though the languid crowd , right into the bubble itself . 57 ext : ball - night sarah come crash through the bubble and the whole ballroom crumble . in second it resemble nothing so much as a junkyard . 58 ext junk CITY - night sarah run through the street of a part-market , part-junkyard . there be pile of rubble and junk everywhere , and between they be tent from which people hawk object of all kind . some of they approach sarah and she push they away , sobbing . another angle sarah' Pov - a red tent , and stand in front of it be a old woman stoop over from the object pile high on she back . she beckon to sarah and pull the tent flap aside . junk woman : ' ere it be , dearie . all the fing you want , all the fing you need . another angle the flap open wider and inside the tent we can see sarah 's room ! another angle sarah gasp at the sight and run headlong into the tent . she trip over the threshold and land face down on she bed . 59 int : sarah be room - night sarah sit up on the bed and look around the room . she shake she head and laugh . sarah : what a dream ! she get up and stretch , then walk over to the mirror . she smile at she reflection . sarah : yep , you have get quite a imagination , kid , just what a great actress need . she walk over to the bed and pick up lancelot the bear . sarah : how about a midnight snack , Sir lance ... she go over to the door and open it . 60 ext : junk CITY - night sarah' Pov - the market / junkyard teeming with activity . the junk woman peer in . junk woman : ' Ave not you get everythin ' you need , dearie ? 61 int : sarah be room - night sarah scream and slam the door . she bury she face in the bear . sarah : it _is_ just a dream ! she take a deep breath and go to the door again . she open it very slowly . 62 ext : junk CITY - night sarah' Pov - the same teeming activity . the junk woman peer in again . junk woman : best to stay in there , where it 's safe , dearie . do not know what might ' appen to you out 'ere . 63 int : sarah be room - night sarah clam the door again and rush over to the window . a group of revellers peer in at she and laugh . she quickly pull the curtain close and walk back to the center of the room . she stand clutching the bear , then look up at she reflection in the mirror . another angle sarah be reflection . herself as a very old woman , clutching a teddy bear . old sarah : best to stay in here where it 's safe . do not know what might happen to you out there . sarah step back from the mirror and suddenly the floor become a sea of mud and all the object in the room come fall down on she . as she try to rise out of the muck more object land on and around she and pull she down . sarah : help ! somebody help I ! 64 ext : junk CITY - night ludo and didymus desperately search for sarah , didymus riding he dog . 65 int : tavern tent - night hoggle sit at a bar , drown he sorrow . a junk man / bartender work behind the bar . hoggle slam he cup down . hoggle : another ! the bartender hold out he hand greedily . hoggle pull a treasure off he belt and slam it on the bar . the bartender pour . 66 ext : junk CITY - night didymus and ludo approach the red tent . they spy the junk woman . didymus : do you see a noble maiden pass this way ? junk woman : a noble maiden , eh ? what would she be doin ' in a place like this ? didymus : she 's on a rescue mission ... the junk woman find this hilarious . junk woman : a rescue mission , ha ! you be in the wrong place , for sure ! the only fing we care about rescuin ' around ' ere be we worldly goods ! she take a oil lamp off she back and shine it on she sleeve for emphasis . 67 int : sarah be room - night sarah be drown in a sea of junk . she hear didymus and cry out hopefully . sarah : didymus , in here ! help I ! the door open and the junk woman peer inside . junk woman : do not worry , dearie . I send ' im away ! sarah groan . junk woman : knew you would not want to be leavin ' you nice fing for no rescue mission . sarah : oh my god ! freddie ! junk woman : freddie ? be that one of they doll over there ... or that nice teddy ? sarah struggle for the door in the sea of junk . sarah : no ! he 's my brother ! and I have get to save he ! she continue push through the junk . junk woman : no you do not , dearie . you can stay right ' ere with all you pretty fing ... sarah know what she choice have to be . sarah : I know I can . ( joyous ) but I do not want to ! she lift herself out of the junk with a mighty heave and stand in the doorway . she look down at the junk woman triumphantly . sarah : now get out of my way ! 68 ext : junk CITY - night sarah run out of the tent , a look of triumph on she face . the junk woman pull something off she own pile and hold it out to sarah . junk woman : wait , dearie ! look at this ! she hold out sarah 's music box , open it , and the little dancer twirl inside . sarah ( grin ) : keep it ! and she be off . as sarah go the camera linger on the junk woman . and we begin to move around to she other side and even though we have just see she from all side , we now see something very , very different . where the other side of the woman should be we see a cross-section of she , with jareth inside . his head be beneath the pile of junk and he hand be inside she head make it laugh . he be the puppeteer operate the junk lady , as indeed , she have be operate . jareth be mad . jareth : damn . 69 ext : castle gate - night ludo and didymus sit forlornly at the gate . sarah appear out of the night . didymus : my lady ! ludo leap to he foot . ludo : Sarah ... safe ! sarah rush into he arm . didymus : be hoggle not with you ? sarah pull away from ludo . sarah : hoggle make he choice , he 's ... not part of the mission anymore . didymus ( angry ) : the coward ! ludo : hoggle ... good ! sarah shrug , and smile at he . sarah : maybe . but there 's no time to discuss it . we have get a baby to rescue , remember ! she lead they through the gate . 70 ext : goblin town - night street full of hovel encircle the castle . this be where the goblins live . as sarah , ludo and hoggle walk through the dark , eerie street they be meet by the slamm of shutter and the extinguish of light . didymus : methink they be expect we , my lady . a child goblin peer at they from a open doorway . a female goblin see he and drag he inside and slam the door . sarah ( grimly ) : methink you be right ! 71 int : tavern - night hoggle be still at it . he pull he belt off he body and we see that the only treasure leave be sarah 's plastic circlet . he slowly pull it off and stare at it . the bartender approach , he eye lighting up at the eight of this treasure . bartender : another ? hoggle hesitates , then hand the circlet over . the bartender bite it and he face light up with glee . bartender : plastic ! he go to get the drink and hoggle put he face down on the bar and sob . another angle at the other end of the bar sit the wise one . the hat look over at hoggle and shake he head knowingly . hat : drinkin ' to forget , eh , buddy ? hoggle look up . wise one : to forget , ah yes . to suffer a mental lapse , to obliterate from one 's consciousness , to suffer amnesia , a blank or fugue , to drink the water of lethe ... hoggle ( drunkenly ) : what 's lethe ... wise one : the water of forgetfulness . they remove from we mind what be too painful to remember ... hoggle look thoughtfully at the drink in he hand . wise one : ... but with the memory go we wisdom , or knowledge , that which bring we understanding , also enlightenment ... but there be no one to continue benefit from the wise one 's pearl . hoggle be go . hat : you can cool it down there ... he 's go ... wise one : ... a grasp of thing , a depth or profundity of think ... the hat sigh and look over at the bartender who be still admire he plastic treasure . hat : another one over here ... and make it a double ... 72 ext : goblin town - night sarah , ludo and didymus emerge into the vast courtyard outside the castle . it in eerily quiet . too quiet . sarah : we be go to make it ! didymus sniff the air . didymus : I be less than sure ... they be interrupt by a high -pitch shriek as a goblin jump on ludo 's back . then the courtyard be fill with goblins , what seem like the whole army , come right at they . didymus fend off the vanguard party with he sword and ludo punch out the one that get by he . didymus unsword a goblin and he weapon go fly . sarah pick it up and do some parry of she own . but there be too many of they . the threesome turn and run . 73 int : castle - night jareth stand by the window , watch the battle . the white bird sit on he shoulder . jareth look over at freddie who stand hold on to the side of the cradle . jareth smile and turn back to the melee below . the bird fly out the window . 74 ext : goblin town - night sarah , ludo and didymus race down the street . the goblins be in hot pursuit . 75 ext : STREET - night they come careen around a corner and it seem that they have escape they pursuer . the sound of the goblins seem to be get farther away . sarah : I think we lose they . they turn and see that , unfortunately they have come full circle and be right back in the courtyard . ludo climb part way up a wall and look over the street . didymus : what do you see , my brother ? ludo gulp . what he see be the goblin army come down every street right towards they . ludo : ludo ... see ... trouble ! and then the trouble arrive and sarah and didymus be heavily into swordplay . ludo try clumsily to get down and be torment by goblins who prick at he with they spear . sarah look up and see he predicament . she get a idea . sarah : call the rock , ludo ! call the rock ! ludo make a heroic effort and get to the top of the wall . he then throw he head back and bellow . 76 ext : goblin town - night a enormous rumbling be hear and soon the street be fill with boulder , all careen towards ludo . they knock goblins out of they path like so many bowl pin . 77 ext : courtyard - night sarah and didymus fight bravely . ludo keep bellow and throw off the occasional goblin that be stupid enough to jump on he . soon the rock reach the courtyard and form a barrier between the threesome and they attacker . ludo reach down and lift sarah and didymus on to the wall . they jump and disappear into the castle enclave . 78 int : castle - night a door open in a dark part of the castle . ludo , sarah and didymus enter . they look around and quickly tip - toe down a dark corridor . they turn a corner and see some goblins march they way . they duck out of sight . 79 ext : castle - night the main entrance to the castle . two - goblin guard stand outside the large wooden door . the result of the threesome 's escape can be hear in the distance . a figure stagger out of the dark , sing drunkenly . it be hoggle . hoggle : " ... it 's so cold in the night with no gold to keep I warm ... " he trip over he foot as he approach the guard . guard : who go there ? hoggle " ... so cold , oh so cold ... " guard 2 : do not worry about he . he 's on jareth 's payroll now . hoggle fall to the ground , then pick himself up . hoggle : thash right . jareth owe I sumthin ' ... a ' I be here to collect ... they laugh at he , then step aside and let he enter . 80 int : castle - night a group of goblins stand in a circle in a corridor . they torment a tiny , fuzzy yapping creature with they nipper stick . the creature get away from they and go scurrying down the corridor . the goblins laugh . it turn a corner and start yapping for all it 's worth . another angle sarah , ludo and didymus press against the wall , try to not be notice . unfortunately the little creature have no sympathy for they plight . it stand at they foot , make a ruckus . sarah ( whisper ) : shut up , you little monster ! ludo bend down to pet it in the hope of quieting it . ludo : Nice ... thing ... but the creature do not want a pet . it sink its tooth into ludo 's hand . ludo howl . didymus : I fear that this mean trouble . the goblins yell and start run down the corridor . sarah : run for it ! they be off , the creature and the goblins at they heel . 81 int : corridor - night the three be run for all they be worth . sarah pull the watch out of she pocket . it be on the 12:30 . sarah : only a half hour leave ! we have get to find freddie ! another angle yet another group of goblins run right toward they . they stop in they track and start run in the opposite direction . 82 int : inner courtyard - night the three come careen into the long narrow inner courtyard . balcony look down on it from the floor above . opposite they be a large ornate door . they have a lead on the goblins chase they , but not for long . another angle on one of the balcony a particularly repulsive little goblin laugh sadistically . the three look up and see the goblin with he hand on a huge lever . he push it down gleefully and the floor open up in front of the threesome . it appear to be a bottomless pit , too wide to leap across . horrify they look behind they and see the goblins gain on they . and they be throw spear ! suddenly there be a triumphant yell from the balcony opposite the repulsive goblin , and then a figure leap off it swinging on a rope . sarah : hoggle ! it certainly be ! he wrestle with the hideous goblin and in the struggle it fall scream into the pit . hoggle then grab the lever and it be not a second too soon . the pursue goblins be enter the courtyard . another angle the floor close and the three run to the door . a enraged pursuer aim a spear at hoggle . he be hit . sarah scream as ludo struggle with the door . it will not budge and he begin to smash he body against it . another angle a seemingly half - dead hoggle stagger to he foot and throw he body on the lever . he appear to faint from the strain but the weight of he body push the lever and the floor open again . another angle the enraged goblins be stop in they track by the yawn pit . they hurl spear at the threesome but it be to no avail . ludo smashes down the door and they run in . 83 int : jareth' quarter - night sarah , didymus , and ludo carry hoggle enter the room where we have see jareth and freddie . they lock the door behind they . no one be there and freddie 's cradle be rock , as if someone have remove he only moment before . ludo place hoggle down and sarah look feverishly around the room . she spot a door . sarah : that 's the only way he could have go ! she run to the door and ludo and didymus follow . sarah : no . I have to face he alone ! didymus : but , my lady ... he be interrupt by the sound of goblins in pursuit . they start try to smash down the door . ludo run to it and press he body against it . hoggle moan and didymus and sarah run to he side . hoggle : I do not expect ya to fergive I , missy , but ... she put she finger to he lip . sarah : forgive you for what ? save we life ? hoggle : but , I betrayed ya , I give ya that damned peach ... sarah : ssh ! you do the only thing you could do ... she look down at he empty belt . sarah : ... and I see you lose all you treasure in the process . hoggle : I do not care if I never see another treasure again ! sarah ( smile ) : here . just in case you change you mind . she slip off she mother 's ring and press it into hoggle 's hand . he be overwhelm and sarah smile at he pleasure . hoggle : and jareth say ya could never love I . sarah : jareth do not know everything . she leap to she foot and hoggle moan . sarah : take care of he , didymus . didymus : I will guard the valiant hoggle with my life ! the goblins give the door a particularly loud smash and ludo press against the door even harder . ludo : ludo ... too ! she run to the other door and stop to look back at they . sarah : no maiden could have wish for nobler knight . and she be go . 84 escher rotunda - night sarah enter a overwhelming room with many staircase , balcony and doorway at different height and at all kind of strange angle that obviously have no relation to what we know as gravity . her knee buckle from vertigo . then she gasp . another angle jareth be sit on the wall with all the ease of a fly . jareth : I have be expect you . sarah stumble and fall into the room , end up on the ceiling . she try to adjust to be upside down . sarah : where 's freddie ?!!! she have to look down and sideways to see jareth and it be clearly grueling . jareth : he 's right there . and he point to one of the stairway that jut out at a right angle from the wall . freddie be climb up the stair happily , but from sarah 's point of view it look like he will fall when he get to the top . sarah ( scream ) : freddie ! no !!! freddie get to the top but do not fall , instead he end up crawl up the wall . sarah sigh with relief and close she eye . this send she reeling and she end up in one of the archway . she try to orient herself but there be no up , no down , no sideways . and the baby be about to crawl off a balcony ! sarah scream and jareth laugh . he begin a song that tell sarah she never really understand what be gain on . nothing be what it appear to be , not even thing like " up " and " down . " another angle freddie in the most precarious - look situation yet , at the top of a staircase . he hesitates to crawl down , and to lure he , jareth create a ball out of thin air and throw it to the baby . of course , it bounce up . and all the while he song be taunting sarah . she turn away from he and look into the large mirror frame in the archway . she see endless sarah . and while she 's look , the first reflection run to the leave , the reflection behind that to the right , and so on all the way down the line . and sarah 's still stand there ! she fall backwards and end up stand on the floor , watch freddie chase he ball across the ceiling . jareth dance on the wall now as he be about to finish he song . and there be freddie on one of the balcony face out of the rotunda . if he fall off that , he will really fall ! sarah run up the opposite wall and find that there be sheer space between she and the baby . the only way to reach he be to jump . she look at jareth who grin at she , then at freddie who be teeter on the edge . as jareth come to the end of the song there be nothing to do but jump . she look at jareth and can not repress a grin of she own . sarah : like the man say , " nothing be what it appear to be ! " she jump . 85 int : jareth' chamber - night sarah fall right on to a magnificent huge bed . opposite she jareth sit in a chair . freddie , wrap in a blanket , be gurgle on he lap . sarah reach into she pocket and pull out the watch . it be a few minute before 13 . jareth stand up . jareth : there 's still time . he gesture to a clock on the wall that show the same time as she watch . he place freddie into a cradle and come over to the bed . he look down at she . jareth : besides , I be no longer interested in have a little goblin prince . I have decide I would much rather have a queen . he look into she eye for a moment . sarah do not look away . instead , she slowly ease herself off the bed and stand face he . sarah ( archly ) : a queen ? have you choose anyone I know . she glide by he and walk to the window . jareth chuckle appreciatively . jareth : you have come a long way , little girl . sarah look out at the labyrinth . sarah : I certainly have . she turn to face he . jareth : yes , I can see it in you eye . ( he move closer to she ) no one else have ever make it this far in the labyrinth , no one else have ever be worthy ... he take she hand and bring it to he lip . she smile down at he . sarah : what 's you offer . jareth stand quickly and look at she . she certainly have come a long way ! jareth : why , everything ... you will rule by my side . sarah : everything ? the chance to spend my life surround by repulsive goblin ... the chance to torment innocent creature ... jareth ( shaking he head ) : ... the chance to never have a care in the world , to never have to do anything that you do not want to do . sarah look at he . sarah : anything else ? jareth ( smile ) : why , I . of course . sarah surreptitiously eye the clock . there be about a minute leave . she glide away from the window and try to position herself closer to freddie . sarah : and what if I be not interested ? jareth react with surprise for a moment , then shake he head . jareth : impossible . I know you , I know what you want ... sarah : well , I have get news for you , jareth . she make a beeline for the cradle . sarah : I do not want _you_ ! she 's almost at the cradle but jareth grab she arm and stop she . sarah ( shocked , enraged ) : why , you miserable creep ! jareth have hold of she arm but she break away and haul off and punch he in the jaw . jareth step back , stunne . sarah scoops up the scream freddie . sarah : how could you do this to a innocent baby ?!! jareth stand rub he jaw , snivelling , stunne . jareth : you hit I ! sarah , freddie in she arm , go right up to he . sarah : and I would like to do more ... you , you ... ! she be furious and want to hit he again badly . since she have the baby in she arm she make do with kick he hard in the shin . jareth howl and grab he leg . sarah : I would not want you if you be the last ... _gobline on earth ! the white bird fly through the window and land on sarah 's shoulder . jareth put he hand on he ear . jareth : do not say that ! but it be too late , he start shrink . jareth : look at I ! ( whining ) how could you do this to I ! before sarah 's eye jareth turn into a undersized , ineffective , snivelling little goblin . the feature be that of a goblin , but still recognizably jareth . 86 int : castle - night jareth 's quarter , where didymus tend hoggle and ludo still block the door . jareth ( vo ) ( whiney scream ) : why do everything have to happen to I ! they look at each other and suddenly ludo realize that the goblins be no longer try to break down the door . the three start to laugh . hoggle ( proudly ) : she do it ! they cheer . 87 int : jareth' chamber - night jareth , the bratty little goblin , be throw a tantrum . jareth : nobody ever care about what I want ! the wall and floor shake so from he pound fist and foot that a crack open up right in front of sarah 's foot . she look at the clock and the minute hand move to the 13 . she look at freddie . there 's nothing to do but jump into the void . the clock begin to strike . sarah : ok , freddie . time to go bye-bye ! she jump . 88 ext : sky - night sarah and freddie spin through the dark , starry sky . the strike of the clock continue . another angle close on sarah and freddie . sarah pull he closer , lovingly . and they go on spin . 89 int : nursery - night sarah be lie face down on the floor . she come to slowly and try to sit up . groaning , she rub she head where it bump on the corner of the open drawer . she try to focus , blink she eye . another angle sarah' Pov - her eye slowly focus on freddie 's crib . when she can see , she gasp . freddie 's not there ! the side of the crib be down and the baby be nowhere to be see . sarah : freddie ! she leap to she foot woozily . still rub she head she stagger out into the hallway . 90 int : railway - night sarah look down the hallway and suddenly she face break out into a delighted grin . another angle sarah' Pov - little freddie be crawl slowly , but determinedly , into sarah 's room . when he get to she bed he use all he strength to pull himself up on to he foot by hold on to the bedspread . be then hold he hand out , try to reach something . another angle sarah make she way toward she room , delight and wonder on she face . 91 int : sarah be room - night sarah stand in the doorway look down at freddie . sarah ( softly ) : that 's quite a journey you take , freddie . freddie look up at she and make a sound . he continue strain , and we see that what he be reach for be lancelot , sarah 's bear . sarah smile , and lift freddie up . she sit on the bed , freddie on she lap , and hand he the bear . sarah : here . it 's yours . freddie take it happily . sarah ( smile ) : you earn it . she kiss he head and rock he gently . then she gaze out the window at the star . 92 ext : house - night the light shine from sarah 's window . the white bird flutter down from the starry sky . it perches in the tree beside the path . the end =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=