lady bird write by greta gerwig di . " anybody who talk about California hedonism have never spend a Christmas in Sacramento . " - Joan didion int . motel . california . early morning . one of that anonymous trucker motel along - side I - 5 through central California . it 's late summer , 2002 . two woman sleep together in a bed . christine , aka Lady Bird , 17 year old . her Mom , marion , the age of Lady Bird 's Mom . a modern - day romantic Mary cassatt rip-off painting of motherhood . lady bird ( v.o. ) do you think I look like I be from Sacramento ? CUT to : now they be awake . Lady Bird stare at she be . marion make the bed . marion you be from Sacramento . lady bird ( be : make the bed ) you do not have to do that . marion well it 's nice to make thing neat and clean . marion be make hospital corner . Lady Bird sit on the just make bed . marion sit beside she , move the hair out of Lady Bird 's eye . marion ( cont ’d ) ready to go home ? lady bird ready . int . 1994 toyota corolla . california . day . the last sentence of the grape of wrath . audiobook '' her hand move behind he head and support it . her finger move gently in he hair . she look up and across the barn , and she lip come together and smile mysteriously . '' you have be listen to ' the grape of wrath 's by John steinbeck . if you ... ( pause ) Lady Bird eject the tape , return it to the case fromthe public library . they be both cry . lady bird ( look on the back ) we college trip take 21 hour and 5 minute . they laugh and then wipe they tear . it 's a nice moment - they both have the same emotion . Lady Bird immediately start look for a good song on the radio . marion ( turn it off ) hey , you know , let 's just sit with what we hear ? lady bird ( bristle ) be you serious ? marion we do not need to be constantly entertaining ourselves , do we ? Lady Bird stare out the window , now sullen . then : lady bird I wish I could live through something . marion be not you ? lady bird nope . the only exciting thing about 2002 be that it 's a palindrome . marion ok fine , yours be the worst life of all , you win . lady bird marion oh so now you be mad ? because it 's just that you be be I want to listen to music ? ridiculous , you have a great life . lady bird I be sorry I be not perfect . marion nobody be ask you to be perfect ! just considerate would do . lady bird ( really pick a fight ) I do not even want to go to school in this state anyway , I hate California . I want to go to the East Coast . marion you dad and I will barely be able to afford in - state tuition . lady bird there be loan , scholarship ! marion you brother , you very smart brother , can not even find a job -- lady bird he and shelly work . they have job . marion they bag at the grocery store . that be not a career and they go to berkeley . marion you father 's company be lay people off right and leave , do you know that ? no of course not because you do not care about anyone but yourself . marion immaculate heart be already a luxury . lady bird immaculate fart . you want that , not I ! marion miguel see someone knife in front of he at sac High , be that what you want ? you be tell I that you want to see someone knife right in front of you ? lady bird he barely see that . I want to go where culture be , like New York . marion lady bird how in the world do I raise or at least Connecticut or such a snob ? New Hampshire . where writer live in the wood . marion you could not get into that school anyway . lady bird mom ! marion you can not even pass you driver 's test . lady bird because you would not let I practice enough ! marion the way you work , the way you do not work , you be not even worth state tuition , christine . lady bird marion ( cont 'd ) my name be lady bird ! well actually , it 's not , and it 's ridiculous . you name be christine . lady bird call I lady bird like you say you would ! marion you should just go to City College , with you work ethic . City College and then to jail then back to City College . maybe you have learn how to pull yourself up and not expect everyone to do everything for you ... they slow for a stop light and Lady Bird dramatically open the door and roll out of the car . marion scream . int . immaculate heart of mary . day . Close on a cast . in very small letter be write '' fuck you , mom . '' the cast belong to Lady Bird . she follow along with the mass . credit run over this joint liturgy between immaculate heart of Mary ( girl school ) and xavier ( boy school ) and beginning of the year activity . a sea of catholic girl 's school uniform in bleacher during candidate speech . candidate ( finish she speech ) a vote for amanda be a vote for boy . boy and healthy vend machine because no one want a muffin with that many calory . Lady Bird wait she turn to make she speech , and make eye contact with Julie in the crowd , a sweet , chubby 17 year old . her best friend . 5 classroom , 5 syllabi , 5 '' beginning of senior year '' speech from the teacher . a few teacher be nun . sister sarah -joan there be the classic : St. Augustine , of course , and aquinas . my favorite , kierkegaard - wait until you hear he love story - it will make you swoon . back in the church , Lady Bird look intently at a image of Jesus . the priest give he homily . priest we be afraid we will not get into the college of we choice , we be afraid we will not be love , we will not be like , we will not succeed . everyone take communion . Lady Bird approach and cross she arm so she just get a bless , not real communion , she 's not Catholic . Lady Bird watch the boy get communion . it 's somehow sexy , open they mouth to receive the wafer . sister sarah - joan ( v.o. ) some of the student be disturb by you poster . int . vice - principal sister sarah - joan 's office . day . sister Sarah - Joan , in a traditional habit , hold up some of Lady Bird 's campaign material . lady bird it 's just a bird head on a lady body or vice versa . sister sarah -joan I think it 's a little upsetting ... reveal of the poster : Lady Bird 's head on a bird body . another show she catholic-uniform body with a bird head . lady bird it 's my tradition to run for office . do not worry , I will not win . sister sarah -joan that 's not what I be worried about . lady bird ( worried ) this will not mess with my scholarship , will it ? sister sarah -joan no , you be okay there . ( try to be helpful ) you have a performative streak , I think . lady bird I think that too . sister sarah - joan maybe you have enjoy theatre art ... they be have audition for the fall musical . lady bird do we have that here ? sister sarah -joan it 's a collaborative effort with the man at xavier . lady bird how be I a senior and not know we have that ? sister sarah - joan perhaps you have not always be a active part of this community . sister sarah -joan they do a fall musical and a spring play and from what I hear it 's a real blast . lady bird what I have really like be to be on math olympiad . sister sarah - joan ( gently ) but math be not something that you be terribly strong in ? lady bird that we know of yet . close on a list . sign up for audition for the fall musical . a hand reach up and take the pen attach and write , in all cap : christine '' lady bird '' mcpherson and then another hand reach up and write : julianne '' julie '' pickett lady bird ( 0.s. ) '' Julie '' do not need to be in quote . julie ( 0o.s . ) but it 's not my real name . reveal Julie and Lady Bird debate this : lady bird it 's not the same thing . julie ( shaking she head ) I be not sure you be right ... ext . SACRAMENTO street . late afternoon . Julie and Lady Bird walk through the '' fancy '' neighborhood , '' the fabulous Forties . '' they stop in front of this very specific house - it be the dream House : it be three storey and blue , with white shutter and a big american flag . it look like nothing bad would ever happen in this house . julie I love this neighborhood . lady bird yeah , it 's so beautiful . julie if I live here I would definitely have my wedding in the backyard . lady bird I have have friend over all the time to study and eat snack . I have be like '' mom we 're taking the snack upstair to the tv room . '' julie I have have my own bathroom . int . grocery store . early evening . Julie and Lady Bird browse magazine in a empty checkout aisle . a checker call out to they : checker I can not stop you dick from hang out here but quit wrinkling all the magazine ! lady bird when I be in this store , I be not you sister - I be a customer , miguel ! I be always right ! this be miguel . Lady Bird 's brother . 22 , latino , clearly adopt . Julie watch he and he girlfriend , shelly yuhan , 22 , a bagger : julie ever since she move in , you brother and shelly be become the same person . lady bird no way . shelly and miguel have the same asymmetrical hair - cut and '' interesting '' piercing . vaguely punk look . seem like they 's be wear black leather jacket even when they be not . lady bird ( cont ’d ) yeah , okay , maybe . julie ( be : magazine ) see , why I do not look like that ? the girl look at a model in the magazine . she pose in front of the New York City skyline . lady bird just once I have like to have the song '' New York groove '' play and feel like it really apply to my life . julie you have never even be to New York . lady bird that 's why I be apply to New York college - do you know if Sarah lawrence be actually in the city ? julie you parent would pay for that ? lady bird scholarship , financial aid . i’1l figure it out . my Mom think I can not get in but she be sorely mistaken . julie what about terrorism ? lady bird do not be a Republican . julie I be probably just go to go to City College . miguel ( almost yell ) put the magazine back . shit . int . psych hospital . early morning . marion yawn . Luis , a large filipino man , approach she : 10 . luis you do okay , mama ? marion yes , but that be terrifying be not it ? thank god you be there . I guess I can not have pencil anymore . luis yeah , gotta go back to just feel tip marker . Crayola . marion suddenly remember she have something , she hand Luis a small bag : marion oh Luis this be for you ! I get it for the baby , I could not resist it . he pull out a frilly pink dress for a toddler . luis she love pink ! marion well , it 's really more for you and andrea than it be for the baby , and I be sorry I do not have time to wrap it .... luis no , it 's perfect . marion see you tomorrow ... I mean , later ? Luis just laugh . int . 1994 toyota corolla . early morning . marion drive back home . it be romantic somehow . she love this street , love the turn she know so well . when she 's not resent the stick - ness of she own life she have a enormous capacity to love it . remember this moment with marion . ext . lady bird 's neighborhood . early morning . marion drive up . woman be water they lawn , get the paper , do yard work , touch they flower . solidly middle class . marion wave to neighbor . they wave back . she pick up the mail , bill , papers , etc . 11 . int . bathroom . morning . dad ( 5as , name : Larry ) brushes he tooth . marion perch on the edge of the tub with a newspaper and a stack of mail , go through it . larry do you know toothpaste be basically ineffective ? it 's like suck on a mint . marion ( to Larry , shaking she head ) Mike Kerry die . I do not know he be sick again . larry how old be he ? marion only fifty -six . knock at the door . miguel ( o.s. ) can shelly and I get in there ? marion in a minute honey dad and I be still in here ! larry ( be : Mike ) that 's too young . marion ( call ) lady bird you better be dressed ! lady bird I am dressed . marion ( cont ’d ) I x11 send they a note . ( a little softer ) do you think that shelly and miguel have sex on the pullout couch ? 12 . larry oh yeah . marion laugh at Larry 's subtle joke . he laugh at she laughter . they like each other . int . kitchen . morning . miguel and shelly eat cereal . Larry read the paper . marion make Lady Bird 's breakfast and she lunch . lady bird why can not I just make the egg ? marion because you take too long and make a big mess and then I have to clean it up . shelly ( small voice ) egg be not good for the environment , anyway . lady bird ( too loud ) what ? miguel you hear she . marion ( place the egg ) here , eat quickly , please . larry ( be : paper ) look at all this picture . every newspaper look like USA today . miguel shelly and I be try to be vegan . hence the soy milk . lady bird you wear leather jacket . 13. shelly they 's be vintage . it do not support the industry . lady bird ( poke at the egg ) they be not do , there 's white stuff . shelly you know how you love bramble ? Pigs be smarter than he even . lady bird I never think bramble be a genius okay ? lady bird ( cont ’d ) ( very obnoxious ) mom ! the egg be not do ! marion fine make you own fucking egg . marion then throw the fry pan violently in the sink and retreat to the bathroom . the noisy hair- dryer start up . lady bird I wanted to you won ’t let I ! Lady Bird follow marion out of the room . shelly you sister do not like I . lady bird ( 0o.s. ) mom !!! I ’m hungry ! miguel she do . shelly get up , pout . miguel follow she marion ( 0o.s. ) you have you chance ! go to bed ! 14 . Larry be leave alone . it 's weirdly peaceful for half a second . 1994 toyota corolla . day . Lady Bird and Larry on the way to school . she feverishly change the radio station , find a song she like : lady bird do you know that alanis morisette write this song in only ten minute ? — larry I believe it . lady bird ( she smile ) so I be apply to a couple East Coast school . I need you to help I with the financial aid application but Mom can not know . larry we ... be not they quite expensive ? lady bird first , yes that 's why financial aid . second , I have to get in first . larry Mom will not be happy about it . lady bird which be why I do not want to fight about it before I have to . 15 . Lady Bird look up . they be a couple of block from school . lady bird ( cont ’d ) just pull over here larry be you sure , I can drive you to the front -- lady bird no , just this be fine . I like to walk . larry okay , well , I love you . lady bird so what do you think ? about college ? larry I ’1l1 see what I can do . lady bird ( kiss he on the cheek thanks dad , love you too . have a good day at work . larry hey , I be like keith Richards '' I be just happy to be anywhere . '' she get out quickly and hurry away . she 's almost at school when Julie pull up . julie ( call out ) hey bitch ! Ms. pickett have very large fake breast . her boyfriend , Matt , hand a sack lunch to Lady Bird and Julie . matt alright girl , hope you like pickle . 16. julie thanks , uncle Matt . lady bird sweet ! Ms. pickett get in the driver 's seat , they drive away . lady bird he 's not you uncle . julie it 's something I be try out . bye , mom . ( watch Ms. pickett go ) you Mom really like you . julie yeah . I just keep get fatter . Lady Bird start eat the Matt lunch and chuck she own lunch into a garbage can . the one she Mom spend time make . lady bird ( cont ’d ) ( mouth full ) I too . Matt be awesome . julie yeah , I hope he marries my Mom . that would be nice . he promise I he old car when I turn eighteen . in the student parking lot , a girl get out of she fancy Range Rover . she 's pretty in a high school way . lady bird that car should be illegal . Jenna Walton 's not do any off-road . she just go to pavillion . julie I hear Jenna Walton have a tanning bed in she house . the girl , Jenna Walton , be very tan . identical tan girl descend on she . lady bird she be so pretty . julie her skin be luminous . lady bird maybe we should try tanning . 17 . int . vestment room . day Lady Bird and Julie sit with they leg up the wall , eat communion wafer out of a large plastic container . lady bird yeah , in the tub I just scoot myself under like now , like this , and then the water just ... she gesture , show that the water would flow into she crotch and get she off . they be hysterically laugh . julie we be so gross ! lady bird I think I figure it out when I be like three or something . julie I use , I take off the shower head , oh god this be so embarrassing ! I use that . lady bird I do not know if mine be the right kind , though . maybe it 's different when you actually have a penis in there , like it 's more intense . julie mine be pretty intense , I think . darlene , a odd look girl , have silently walk in . darlene you 's be not suppose to eat the wafer ! julie ( try to be helpful ) they be not consecrate . darlene turn on she heel , annoyed . Lady Bird and Julie dissolve into giggle . int . xavier multi - purpose room / theatre . day . Lady Bird , wear a extreme '' audition '' dress , and Julie , in she uniform , sit and watch other student perform . 18 . Father leviatch run audition - there be something funny and depressed about he . a overweight woman , miss Patty , accompany on the piano when need . a boy , greg , be up . he have a big voice for such a tinyboy : greg '' be alivveeeeeeeeee ...... 17 cut to Father leviatch call out from he clipboard : father leviatch okay , christine ? lady bird Lady Bird . father leviatch be that you give name ? lady bird yes . father leviatch why be it in quote ? lady bird well I give it to myself . it 's give . to I , by I . father leviatch ok , take it away , Lady Bird . cut to Lady Bird sing she song . lady bird '' everybody say do not / everybody say do not / everybody say do not it be not right , do not it be not niiiiiceeee / everybody say do not / everybody say do not / everybody say do not walk on the grass .... '' cut to Julie , wear she uniform , shy and nervous : julie ( sing ) '' make I a channel of you peace / where there 's despair in life let I bring hope / where there be darkness only light / and where there 's sadness ever joy .... '' Julie have a sweet , clear , beautiful voice . it 's a quiet moment and everyone pay attention . 19 . more girl and more boy . now most everyone be do . Danny stand . he 's very handsome . strap , even . he give he sheet music to the miss Patty . then he sing : danny ( sing ) '' there be giant in the sky ! / there be big tall terrible giant in the sky ! when you be way up high and you look below at the world you have leave and the thing you know little than a glance be enough to show you just how small you be ! '' he 's amazing . Julie and Lady Bird look at each other . dream boat CITY . int . lady bird 's room . night . underneath she window sill by she bed , Lady Bird write the name : danny . she 's in love and want to make it permanent somewhere . suddenly , a voice be direct right at Lady Bird 's door : marion ( o.s. ) I can see the light on in you room go to bed ! Lady Bird shut off she light and sleep , dream of Danny . ext . xavier multi - purpose room / theatre . day Lady Bird and Julie check the casting list . they first find : merrily we roll along Franklin shepard : Danny o’neill , Charlie kringus : greg anrue gussie : diana greenway , Beth : Julie steffan . they move way down the list until they find : swing / chorus : christine mcpherson lady bird ( tightly ) congratulation . julie you too ! we both get in ! 20 . lady bird everyone who audition get in . the part I get be basically not get in . julie ( try to downplay ) I do not even know how I get cast in my part . lady bird I neither . I be the one who have a dress and prepare a song . julie I know ! lady bird ( think ) now you be go to get romantic with Danny on stage . julie it 's probably my only shot at that , you know ? lady bird she take the pen and cross out christine and write lady bird . leave . Julie stay and when she 's sure she 's alone she touch she name - loving herself and the feel of be choose . int . grocery store . early evening . marion grocery shop . Lady Bird look at a bride magazine . lady bird Mom ... marion ( be : the magazine ) we do not need to buy that . lady bird it 's only three dollar . I be have a hard week . marion if you want to read it we can goto the public library . lady bird I want to read it in bed . 21 . marion that 's something rich people do . we be not rich people . Lady Bird walk away and then tuck the magazine underneath she sweater into the top of she skirt , sneakily steal it . as she 's perform this maneuver , she see danny ( ! ) and he Mom and three little brother walk by . she walk up bravely : lady bird hey ! danny hi. lady bird come here often ? danny ( not get the joke ) Excuse I ? lady bird ( extend she hand ) I be Lady Bird , we be go to be in the musical together . danny oh , yeah , I remember you ! you be wear that dress . lady bird I just want to say what 's up and I will see you in rehearsal . danny thanks , I be super excited . you live in the neighborhood ? lady bird ( do a voice ) Nah , I be from the wrong side of the track . danny what ? lady bird be that you family ? there be so many of you ! danny irish - Catholic ! it 's hard to finda girl to date that 's not my cousin . 22 . lady bird ( flustered ) well , okay . you be go to make a great Franklin . danny thanks ! I want my hair , he hair to be curly , though . lady bird yeah ! danny like Jim morrison . very ' 70 . lady bird like Jim morrison exactly . danny 's S mom danny ! danny gotta go ! Lady Bird walk back to marion , who be with miguel while he scan they grocery and shelly bag they . lady bird who be Jim morrison again ? miguel he be in a rock band , moron , the Doors . lady bird I know that . marion ( look at the bill this be with you employee discount ? miguel yeah , it 's already include . marion look worried . int . xavier multi - purpose room / theatre . afternoon . everyone try to keep up with the dance step miss Patty teach they . she be also , apparently , the choreographer . she can move amazingly well for a bigger woman . 23 . they play theatre game and do act exercise . Father leviatch be actually quite good at casting a spell and make everyone feel include . CUT to : the priest , Father leviatch , look around the stage where everyone sit , cross legge , tired from dance . father leviatch to get we emotion go , we be go to play '' first one to cry win . '' father leviatch start ... now . I be play too . so be miss Patty . miss Patty nod . they all try to cry really hard . suddenly everyone look up - Father leviatch be sobbing . everyone be uncomfortable watch a adult man cry . father leviatch I be sorry .. I be sorry . ext . xavier multi - purpose room / theatre . afternoon . diana , another girl in the play , dish the gossip while she and Lady Bird and Danny wait for they ride : diana I hear that before he become a priest he be marry and he have a son name etienne who die of a drug overdose at 17 which be maybe a suicide but my mom say same difference if you be so careless with you life . ( a horn honk ) oh that 's she ! gotta go , bye guy ! Lady Bird and Danny wave goodbye and then fall into a semi - awkward silence . she see it 's she moment . she try to casually hand Danny a bag but it 's a kind of big bag . 24 . lady bird oh , I almost forget . I bring you this hot roller . for you Jim morrison hair . he pull out the conair pink and purple '' hot stick . '' danny thank you so much . lady bird you 's be welcome . danny you x11 have to show I how to use they . lady bird ( weirdly formal ) it would be my pleasure . danny they look like sperm . he laugh and Lady Bird join in . they do look like sperm but it be not so funny to say it . danny ( cont ’d ) hey ! I just remember I have a dream about you ! lady bird really ?! what happen ? danny we be fly to disneyland on a giant carrot .... lady bird awesome ! danny I love disneyland . lady bird I too , I think it 's kind of scary but I also love it . triumph ! they be have a Real conversation . int . algebra ii CLASS . day Mr. bruno explain a problem on a projector . he 's handsome and young-ish . definitely handsome for a all girl school . Lady Bird zone out , think about Danny . Julie look intently at Mr. bruno . she love he , privately . 25 . mr . bruno ( finish a explanation ) do not leave I hang . can I get a nod ? that 's good . maybe even a verbal confirmation ? julie ( too loud ) yes . Julie experience she mini moment of private embarrassment . they be hand back quizze . Julie get a a - . mr . bruno good job , Jules , I could tell from you work that you even understand the one you miss ! he kind of wink at she . she blushes . lady bird ( look at she grade ) suck a dick . julie ( to Lady Bird ) I like '' Jules . '' Lady Bird look at she C +. lady bird I just do not get why I be not good at math , my dad be really good at math . even miguel have a math degree . julie maybe it 's you Mom 's fault . int . homecoming dance . school gym . night . there be a bunch of kid clump , some dance , some sit on half - heart hay bale . the popular girl , Jenna etc. , wear tank top that say ( front ) Ditch the horse ... ( and back ) ride the cowboy ! Lady Bird and Julie now have on bandanas and denim - they 's be do the groucho marx duck Soup dance to '' tha crossroad . '' suddenly Lady Bird stop . julie you lose ! point julie ! lady bird no , look 26 . across the dance , there be Danny . he 's wear chap , a holster , a hat , fake pistol . like teenage John Wayne . lady bird ( cont ’d ) wish I luck . julie luck . Julie watch as Lady Bird make a bee-line for Danny . lady bird wanna dance ? danny Hell , yeah ! they start slow dance together . Julie do the duck - soup dance alone and then stop . it 's pointless without a buddy . she fall back and watch . sister Sarah - Joan walk by Lady Bird and Danny : sister sarah - joan six inch for the Holy Spirit ! they roll they eye : rule ! once she leave Danny pull Lady Bird close again . she swoon . life be happen . ext . school gym . night . Lady Bird , Julie and Danny wait outside of the dance , lean against the gym wait for they parent . Julie 's Mom pull up with uncle Matt . honk . julie ( to Lady Bird ) that 's we ! lady bird Nah , my Mom be come . julie no she 's not . lady bird ( point ) yes , she be . julie but the plan be sleepover at - lady bird it 's fine . 27 . Lady Bird be clearly try to stay there with Danny . julie ( annoyed ) okay , bye then . Julie get in the front seat to practice drive . leave . Lady Bird and Danny be quiet , listen to the muffle sound of the dance . then : danny have you ever be out of the country ? lady bird when I be little , my dad have a job that take he to Brazil . I remember from the picture . danny I have never be out of the country . it 's my dream to go to Paris . lady bird ( sigh ) Paris . danny that 's why I be learn french . lady bird my mom say french be not useful . danny it be if you want to go to Paris . they laugh . danny ( cont ’d ) I still do not know how to use that roller you give I . lady bird oh , it 's so easy , like after they heat up , you just take you hair and twist the hair and then twirl the thing like this ... she reach up to he hair . he kiss she . it 's surprising . they kiss again . it 's romantic , really romantic . ext . SACRAMENTO street . night . Lady Bird walk home . she 's smile so huge and throw she face to the sky and scream . int . house . night . marion and Larry be argue with a lot of financial document strewn across the kitchen table . 28 . 29 . marion Larry how long will this hold we . larry I do not know ... Lady Bird open the back door , glow and shiny from the night and the kiss . she sneak past . marion well , someone must know . can the whole family go on cobra , even miguel ? what happen if someone get in a accident ? larry I be not sure - the severance package I think it expire all at once , not within the calendar year ... Lady Bird tip -toe into she room . she know she be not suppose to see this . and she do not want to know any more . marion I will ask at my work if -- suddenly , a noise make she turn she head sharply . marion ( cont ’d ) be she home ? larry maybe leave it for tonight ... marion no , she know better . ( get up ) she can not sneak around like this ... marion barrel down the hallway towards Lady Bird 's room . int . bedroom . night . Lady - Bird , under the cover , hear she Mom come . then all the light come on , it 's so bright : marion christine ! you can not leave you room like this ! lady bird I do not ... 30 . marion none of this thing be put away right , they be not nice , christine ! now ! lady bird ( weakly ) my name be Lady Bird . marion do not lie to I , christine ! Lady Bird see she dad pass by the door and give she a look like '' I be sorry , I can not help you here . '' he disappear . marion pick up she uniform . marion no , this uniform be go to look like trash on Monday ! marion ( cont ’d ) this be not right - we can not treat we clothes like this . I do not know what you wealthy friend do ... lady bird why do you care what I do tomy clothes ? marion close the door .. marion you father do not have a job . marion he lose he job , okay ? do you need he to come in here and explain that to you ? Lady Bird Lady Bird 30 . marion of course he would not do it anyway , he 's Mr. Nice guy . I always have to be the bad guy . lady bird can we please talk about this tomorrow ? marion you can not look like a rag because that make we look like rag . and you want to know the truth ? here 's the truth : some of you friend 's father could employ you father and they will not do that if it look like he family be trash . put all she clothes away while marion watch . lady bird ( quietly ) do not you ever go to sleep without put all you clothes away perfectly ? like even once ? and do not you wish you Mom have not get angry ? marion my mother be a abusive alcoholic . have nothing to say to this , marion win . int . guidance counselor 's office . day . Lady Bird look at some brochure . the guidance counselor look at she grade and test score . guidance counselor so I understand that you be not interested in any Catholic college ? lady bird no way . sorry , but yes , no way . 31 . guidance counselor then you 'il be apply to uc and State school ? lady bird yes , but also that East Coast liberal art school . like Yale , but not Yale because I probably could not get in . guidance counselor ( laugh ) you definitely could not get in . part of my job be to help yoube realistic . lady bird that seem like everyone 's job . guidance counselor you sat score be strangely very good . Lady Bird shrug . guidance counselor ( cont ’d ) I have place some call to local alumnus of the school you be interested in , but unfortunately all the interview be take . lady bird so ... what do that mean ? guidance counselor it mean that you will have to get in on how you look on paper . int . theatre . day . the kid rehearse -- follow dance move and sing . ext . rose garden . night . Lady Bird and Danny lie on a blanket in the park , look up at the star . danny should not we go home ? lady bird ( shake she head ) my Mom be always mad . it do not matter if I get home late , she have be mad at I anyway . danny 32 . you Mom be hard on you . lady bird ( defensively ) she love I a lot . ( then ) pick a star for we . danny ( point ) that one , right there right next to the bright one and then the dim one - see it ? lady bird that 's we star . lady bird ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) you know you can touch my boob , right ? danny I know ... it 's just .... I respect you too much for that . lady bird oh , cool , awesome . I totally get that . thank you . danny you be welcome . 33. lady bird if you have boob I would not touch they either . danny I respect you so much because ... I love you . lady bird I love you , too . they kiss and look back up at the star . danny let 's name we star Claude . Lady Bird make a face . lady bird that 's pretentious , do not you think ? danny it 's french . ( then ) what should we name it ? lady bird bruce . they laugh and kiss and yell to the heaven . danny I love you ! lady bird I love you ! they hug and be the happiest they have ever be , look up at the sky and loving each other . 34 . lady bird ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) Bruce . ext . hallway of immaculate heart of mary . day . Julie and Lady Bird wander the hallway . Julie shove a cupcake in she mouth , so do Lady Bird . the wander and chew contemplatively . lady bird ( not really to anyone ) it 's normal to not touch a penis . julie ( look around , notice everyone be go ) I have to go to class . lady bird but I have free period ! julie I need to pass history ! lady bird I think we be do with the learn portion of high school . julie I be gonna go . lady bird no ! I hate be alone ! julie bye , love you . Julie take off . Lady Bird lazily walk the hall . she see she empty math classroom and see that Mr. bruno be not there . she duck inside . notice he grade binder on the desk . snatch it and then run . she dump it into one of the big trash can and hurry away . 35 . int . thrift town . day . marion and Lady Bird be look through dress . marion do Danny say whether he grandmother have a formal Thanksgiving ? lady bird I do not know , there be a lot of kid , but she life in the fab forty ... marion ( nodd ) you dad and I go to a dinner party once in that neighborhood , the ceo of isc , and it be pretty formal . Lady Bird find something - hold up a black dress . they keep marion ( cont ’d ) you be not go to a funeral . lady bird well , I do not know ! what say '' rich people Thanksgiving '' ? look . marion it 's just such a shame that you be spend you last Thanksgiving with a family you have never meet instead of we , but I guess you want it that way . ( clock she walk ) be you tired ? lady bird no . a saleswoman , Joyce , call out : joyce saleswoman hey marion ! marion wave to the saleswoman . her voice be so warm and friendly with other people who be not she daughter : marion hey Joyce ! how 's the baby ! 36 . joyce saleswoman he 's crawl ! marion ooohhh , I want to see a picture at checkout ! ( back to Lady Bird ) if you be tired we can sit down . lady bird I be not tired ! marion oh it 's just that I could not tell because you be drag you foot . lady bird ( silence ) marion well , I just could not tell . lady bird why do not you just say '' pick up you foot . '' marion I do not know if you be tired . lady bird you be be passive aggressive ! marion no . I be not . lady bird you be so infuriating . marion please stop yell . lady bird I be not yell . marion see something . hold it up . it 's a beautiful old fashioned look dress . marion have find the needle in the haystack . lady bird ( cont ’d ) oh it 's perfect ! marion do not you love it . 37 . int . lady bird 's house . late at night . marion , still in she nurse uniform , sit at the sewing machine , tailore the dress she and Lady Bird find . she finish , and then hang it up quietly in Lady Bird 's room . do not wake she up , simply watch she daughter sleep for a minute . int . algebra ii CLASS . day . Mr. bruno address he class : mr . bruno so because my gradebook have disappear , I be go to count on you to reconstruct it . I know you all know you grade better than anybody . I have a general idea , but this be all about the honor code right now , okay ? they be go up one by one to talk through they grade and he can start again . julie mr . bruno I be pretty sure it be a A. julie um , I be not but okay ... mr . bruno it be - trust I , I know talent when I see it . julie you 's be welcome . no , thank you . he do that wink thing at she again . she retreat , red face . Lady Bird be next : lady bird hey , I think B. mr . bruno I think it be more like B - maybe even C + territory . lady bird no , because I do really well on the last quiz ... 38 . mr . bruno I seem to remember you do only slightly better . lady bird it bring my average up to ab . mr . bruno okay , B it be . it 's you honor . int . lady bird 's house . day . marion , Larry , shelly and miguel run around make sure the house be perfect for they Thanksgiving . the doorbell ring . miguel lady bird ! you lover await ! marion open the door , let in Danny . marion hello , Danny ! the famous Danny ! be not you adorable ! ( she hug he ) Larry be not he adorable ? larry he 's adorable . marion and you be drive she and everything - wow ! danny thank you for let Lady Bird come to my grandmother 's Thanksgiving , Mrs. mcpherson . marion no more politeness , just call I marion ! danny ( firmly shaking Larry 's hand ) Nice to meet you , Mr. mcpherson . larry please , call I Mr. Larry mcpherson. 39 . marion ( hit he ) Larry ! sit down Danny , can I get you something to drink ? danny oh no , I be fine . miguel ( wave ) hi , I be miguel . the brother . I think Lady Bird want to make a entrance . she 's mad we do not have a spiral staircase . shelly ( quietly ) shelly . danny what ? shelly be my name . they be quiet for a moment . Danny try to converse : danny it 's funny , on my way here , I go over the train track -- marion you take h street ? danny right , and so just Lady Bird always say that she life on the wrong side of the track , but I always think that it be , like , a metaphor . marion ah . danny but there be actual train track . marion 's face contort . this be painful . just then , Lady Bird enter , look beautiful in she vintage dress . she hold a duffel bag . marion ( now upset with she ) what in the hell be in that duffel bag ? 40 . lady bird do not worry about it , jeez ! danny my grandmother will love that dress . int . danny'a grandmother 's house . late afternoon . Thanksgiving . it be at the dream House . from the beginning . the blue one with the white trim and the american flag . Lady Bird can not believe it . lady bird wait , this be you grandma 's house ? oh my god . she meet he grandmother , almost kiss she hand like she 's a queen but pull back just in time : lady bird you house be my favorite in all of East Sacramento . Lady Bird and Danny walk through the house . she spot very prominent Ronald regan poster : lady bird ( cont ’d ) be this ... a joke ? danny no . Lady Bird meet people , so many people , and in a lull , fold a napkin in a cool way - it look like a four-pointed flower . Danny 's grandmother notice , and be totally into it . soon , Lady Bird be fold all the napkin at the table this way , teach she how to do it , too . it be clear how much Danny 's grandmother enjoy Lady Bird . int . danny 's car . night Lady Bird and Danny be sing along with song from the show . pick up Julie from she apartment complex . pick up greg from he house . now they be all sing . in the car , they change out of they Thanksgiving '' finery '' and put on what they consider to be '' people who listen to music in coffee shop '' outfit . that be what the duffel be for , the costume change . there be scarve and a beret . ext . alley behind new helvetia coffee shop . night . in they new outfit , greg and Danny and Julie and Lady Bird smoke a out of a bowl , which another one of they light . lady bird how do you know when it 's work ? 41 . 42 . danny you x11 know . lady bird it 's not work . greg it 's not ? my sister say this be premium . julie I be work . danny I be work too . lady bird nope . they be quiet for a second . lady bird ( cont ’d ) I can not feel my arm . greg you 's be work . they laugh really hard . Danny make out with Lady Bird . int . new helvetia coffee shop . night . they hazily take stock of everything . there be some ironic turkey pin up on the stage . the '' cool kid '' be there . they do not say hi but they do not shun they . Jenna Walton be there with she boyfriend , jonah Ruiz . he 's sing pretty terrible song about she with he band , the pretentiously name l’enfance nue . lady bird ( whisper to Julie ) if Danny and I get marry and then he grandma die , I have inherit the dream House . julie would not he parent 's get it ? lady bird ( realize ) oh yeah , we have have to kill they . and kill he older brother , too . 43 . Kyle scheible , a long-haire beautiful bassist , be really into it . Lady Bird spend a extra-long time look at this Kyle scheible . she feel deeply attracted to he . she look at Danny , she love he , yes , but there be something else go on with Kyle scheible . she 's not sure , maybe it 's the pot . maybe not . remember kyle , Lady Bird will . meanwhile , Mr. bruno be there - weird . he look at Julie , who be look at he . she turn quickly away . julie ( to no one ) where be Mr. bruno 's wife ...? int . lady bird 's house . night . Lady Bird and Danny stand by the microwave , make '' smart one '' freeze dinner . six of they . greg and Julie also eat , everyone with they own spoon take bite out of the different platter . then marion walk in - they be still giggle , she awkwardly announce herself : marion how 's it go ? no one can say anything , it 's almost like they be freeze . finally Lady Bird be able to squeak out : lady bird Mom , we really can not talk right now . they all dissolve into giggle again . marion well , happy Thanksgiving . we miss you , Lady Bird . marion leave . she 's hurt and angry but mostly hurt . ext . lady bird 's front yard . night the kid all pile back into Danny 's car . Lady Bird wave goodbye , all of they laugh . then they be go . Lady Bird shiver a little , now alone . startles when she see shelly smoking : lady bird ( curious ) why do that cigarette look so weird ? like not like cigarette ? 44 , shelly offer she a drag . Lady Bird drag and cough . shelly it 's a clove . lick you lip . that 's why they be sweet . ( then ) you Mom be really sad you be not here tonight for Thanksgiving . lady bird well , she hate I . shelly she have a big heart , you Mom . she take I in after my parent freak out about , whatever , pre-marital sex . I admire she . Lady Bird do not fight shelly . int . xavier . girl dressing room . early evening . buzz in the girl dress room . it 's open night ! they be put up picture and do -dad . they be exchange '' open night '' gift . the girl be apply too much makeup . there be music play and lot of scream . int . xavier . boy dressing room . early evening . the boy also get ready . they be put on powder and comb they hair . it 's less loud , but also kinetic . int . xavier multi - purpose room / theatre . backstage . early evening . all the boy and girl be gather in a circle . Father leviatch and miss Patty be lead the prayer . father leviatch saint ignatius of loyola ... everyone ( shout ) pray for US ! danny live jesus in our heart ... 45 . everyone forever ! they break and cheer . it 's time for the show . int . xavier multi - purpose room / theatre . night . the show be about to begin . the audience sit in the dark . the student in the wing . the paltry orchestra strike up the first chord . merrily we roll along be actually a pretty upsetting and adult show . Julie sing a song about divorce . the other '' fabulous '' girl , diana , play a character who have a affair . there 's lot of pretend drink of alcohol . they dance and sing they heart out everyone cheer at the end , but more about the fact of the show as oppose to the show itself . the audience include the whole of Lady Bird 's family , Julie 's Mom and uncle Matt , Danny 's whole irish - Catholic clan . everyone be proud . int . xavier multi - purpose room / theatre . night . mingling after the show . some of the administrator look scandalize . Julie see Mr. bruno and approach he , feel beautiful and confident : mr . bruno there she be ! Jules , wow ! you be so good . I could not believe that . julie thank you ... mr . bruno Jules , I have like you to meet my wife , Becky . Becky this be Jules , one of my brightest student . becky Nice to meet you . julie ( devastate ) Nice to meet you , too . mr . bruno how we do ? 46 . becky yeah , I be a little tired . mr . bruno okay , I gotta get she home , we have get the little one , but great work Jules . julie ( as they leave ) congratulation . Julie be humiliate , and do not quite know why . she sit down next to Father leviatch , who also look traumatize . he watch people pass he by : father leviatch they do not understand it int . diner . night . the entire cast and crew be there , enjoy they open night , eat a lot of chicken finger and french fries . they be be silly and play a Broadway trivia game . Lady Bird and Danny make tower with the sugar packet . Julie and greg hang out together : they be both the '' extra '' friend . everyone be giddy and happy . int . diner girl bathroom . night . Julie and Lady Bird wait for the stall to open up . lady bird how long do you think you all will be I drank so much soda ! stall woman ( 0.s. ) fuck you . chorus member ( 0o.s . ) I just get my period ! lady bird goddamn it ! Lady Bird leave . julie where be you go ? 47 . lady bird there 's never a line in the menus room ! int . men 's room . night . Lady Bird open the door and open a stall and there , in front of she : Danny and greg make out hard . Julie come tumble in from behind . int . julie 's room . julie 's house . night . they both cry . they listen to '' crash into I '' by Dave matthews and sob . the song end and Lady Bird start it over . int . xavier multi - purpose room / theatre . night . they perform the next night . no fun . it 's no fun because they boyfriend be gay . int . doctor 's office . day . Lady Bird get she cast off with a see . marion watch . the doctor throw the cast in the trash . she be mournful . int . ST. francis . day . final . Lady Bird casually cheat off the girl sit next to she . int . live room . christmas day . everyone get sock and underwear for Christmas . even shelly . marion they 's be really nice sock . marion they 's be expensive , actually . they wick moisture away from you foot . shelly yeah my foot always have moisture . lady bird Mom , I love they . 48 . marion ( embarrassed ) I be sorry it 's small Christmas . we want to , well , it 's just a little small this year . Larry open he gift . ( laugh ) it 's just what I need , honey . he hold up a throw pillow that say '' golfer do not diet they just exist on greens . '' he laugh . marion ( laugh , too ) it make I laugh . int . lady bird 's room . night . a gentle knock on the door . lady bird ( 0o.s. ) dad ? come in . larry ( enter ) how do you know it be I ? lady bird Mom do not knock . larry ( laugh ) no , she do not . he give she a envelope . quietly say : larry ( cont ’d ) here they be , you complete financial aid application . merry Christmas . Lady Bird throw she arm around Larry . lady bird thank you ! thank you ! larry do you need money for the application ? because I can help with that , too , I just need to -- 49 , lady bird -- no , no , I have get that , summer job cover it . int . family / computer / miguel 's room . computer . day . Lady Bird frantically fill out she application : address thing , put material in envelope . miguel this be why we have computer shut - off time - this be we room . he indicate shelly , look forlorn by the pullout sofa-bed . lady bird okay , okay , just can you drive I to the post office on J ? it should still be open . ext . post office . night . they be just close up for the night . Lady Bird run up and post they at the last minute . ext . lady bird 's house . porch . midnight . Lady Bird and she family be out celebrate New year . noise maker and sparkler . happy 2003 ! everyone wear the glass with the zero for the eye . int . new helvetia coffee shop . afternoon . this be where she get high the first time and the band play - now Lady Bird learn the cash-register , espresso machine , and then see Kyle scheible , that amazing look bassist , sit at a table outside , plow through '' the people 's History of the United States . '' later , he step outside to smoke , she notice and follow : lady bird hey ! I like you band with jonah Ruiz , l'enfance nue ? ( she pronounce it lenfance New ) kyle ( correct she pronunciation ) l’enfance nue . lady bird I see you Thanksgiving show . my name 's Lady Bird . 50 . they shake hand . there be something instantly sexual between they . Lady Bird have never feel this thing before . she get all r&b song ever write in one moment . kyle it 's weird you shake hand . lady bird yeah . ( lie ) yeah , I be friend with Jenna and she 's always talk about how great you band be so I want to check it out . kyle Jenna 's hella tight . well maybe I 'il see you at the deuce or something . lady bird sure , see you at the deuce . cool twenty something ( yell out to Lady Bird ) I be not pay you to flirt ! lady bird ( embarrassed ) I be not flirt . kyle I wish you have be . and then he 's go . Lady Bird 's loin be on fire . int . lady bird 's room . night . she write Kyle 's name next to where she have write Danny 's name . touches she hand where he have touch it . then touch she mouth . she want , she want . 50 . second semester int . church . day . Joint liturgy at another beginning of the semester . Lady Bird sit next to Julie and sing in the choir and scan for Kyle . from under she choir robe , Lady Bird pull out '' the people 's History of the United States '' and read it while the priest deliver the homily . Danny try to make eye contact with Lady Bird but she coldly look away . her eye rest on Jenna - she want Kyle as she boyfriend and Jenna as she friend . she want to be part of this thing , this popular- straight - kid thing she 's always be outside of . Lady Bird take she bless , arm cross . int . homeroom . day . jenna the first time we do it be at he lake house last summer . it be so funny ... Julie hand Lady Bird a sack lunch : julie from uncle Matt . I think he and my Mom be fight , so enjoy this lunch while you can . lady bird oh , no thanks , I be try to lose weight . julie really ? but Lady Bird be not pay attention . she 's angle towards Jenna Walton , the tan , who hold court : jenna yeah , sex be not a big deal , it 's just my mom call during it ! everyone laugh . 51 . jenna ( cont ’d ) it be on my cell phone , she get it for emergency . lady bird do you pick up ? jenna yeah , I be like , " um , Mom , I can not really talk right now . " everyone else laugh again . Julie now try to join in : julie ( to Jenna ) what be the emergency ? jenna what ? oh , my great aunt die . julie what be the emergency ? jenna oh , my great aunt die . lady bird I be so sorry . jenna she kind of do it to herself . yeah . I do not know why do that if you be already so old . sister Sarah - Joan approach : sister sarah - joan lady - skirt ? Jenna 's skirt do not make the grade , it 's be hemmed . sister sarah - joan ( cont ’d ) I be go to write you a citation , miss Walton . 52 . sister sarah -joan no more short skirt ! she continue on , inspect other skirt . jenna Sarah - Joan be all up in my jock . lady bird she 's a cunt . julie birdy you like she . lady bird yeah , but , she 's a cunt . ( to Jenna ) I have a idea of how to get Sarah - Joan back ... jenna how ? lady bird you 'il see . this afternoon ? julie no , we have audition this afternoon . lady bird I do not think I want to do the play . ( to Jenna ) meet I in the teacher 's parking lot at 3 . I 'il have the material . jenna wait what be you name ? lady bird Lady Bird . jenna weird . sister sarah -joan we have a decision to make : prom theme ! the top option be -- city of the World , eternal flame , and movie ! int . xavier multi - purpose room / theatre . day . everyone who have come to audition be greet by the new director : Father walther , also the jv football coach . girl # 1 53 . where 's Father leviatch ? father walther alright let 's have everyone take a knee . confusion . miss Patty will not make eye contact with they miss patty cozy sit . father walther so I know that you all miss Father leviatch , all of the brother do too , but I be go to give this my very best shot , okay ? usually I be the j.v. football coach , but from what I can tell a '' play '' be a '' play . '' no real response . Danny sit with Julie , whisper : danny where 's Lady Bird ? julie ( quietly angry ) with she new best friend . she think she 's too cool for theatre . Father walther wheel out a blackboard and pick up chalk . father walther now if you can pull out you script . I have assign a number to each of you role . I be go to put the block on this board , and if you guy can transcribe into you play , that have be great . julie ( call out ) who be play what part ? father walther I have miss Patty assign part because she already know you all . miss Patty nod . father walther ( cont ’d ) call ‘em out miss Patty ! miss Patty start : 54. miss patty ( slightly drunk on power ) uh , prospero , Danny . Julie be miranda - she 's happy , maybe she 's good at this ? ext . teacher parking lot . afternoon . Jenna and Lady Bird be decorate the nun mini-van with tin can and streamer and attach a sign to the back that read : just married to jesus . as they be complete they mission : jenna wait , where do you live ? lady bird oh , um , the 40s . jenna that 's where we starter house be ! which street ? lady bird ( lie , again ) um , 44th it 's , um , it 's the three story blue house with the white shutter and the american flag in the front . she describe the house that she and Julie lusted after last fall , Danny 's grandmother 's house . jenna I know that one ! wanna go over there now and eat ? I live in granite Bay otherwise I have say let go there . lady bird um , actually , I be think - maybe we should go to the deuce ? ( try to be casual ) I be talk to Kyle about it and he be like '' whatever it 's lame but maybe I 'il see you there . '' jenna how do you know Kyle ? 55 . lady bird my Mom make I get a job at New helvetia to learn '' responsibility '' anyway we hang out there . jenna yeah , Kyle 's awesome . let 's deuce it up . int . xavier multi - purpose room / theatre . day . Father walther be write all the block on the blackboard like the football coach he be . all the student be frantically take down the note in they script . ext . sierra ii . '' the deuce . '' parking lot . day . Jenna join jonah & co in the parking lot , drink and smoking . Kyle be there , sit on top of a car read another big book , a theoretical math book . for fun . lady bird this be the deuce ? it 's a parking lot ? we be in one parking lot and we go to another parking lot . jenna ( call out ) kyle ! Lady Bird and I just decorate the nun-mobile like '' just marry to Jesus ! kyle that 's hella tight . he nod , appreciate this . jonah start to make out with Jenna . Lady Bird try not to watch . kyle ( cont ’d ) what you do be very baller , very anarchist . lady bird yeah , fuck ‘em . kyle do not worry , I be not gonna snitch on you . lady bird ( fake threaten ) I hope not , because I have fuck kill you family . 56 . kyle what ? lady bird sorry that be a exaggeration . kyle it 's okay . my dad have cancer . so I guess God be do that for we . lady bird oh ... I be sorry . they be quiet for a second , he 's say something heavy . kyle you work at New helvetia , right ? lady bird right . kyle can I get you number ? we be look to set up some more gig down there ... lady bird definitely . he hold out he hand and a pen . Lady Bird take he hand and the pen . when she touch he , it 's the same as before : sex . lady bird ( cont ’d ) it 's my parent 's number . kyle you do not have a cell phone ? lady bird Nah . kyle good girl . the government do not have to put tracking device on we , we buy they and put they on ourselves . lady bird I do not own a tracking device ... kyle no the cell phone . see ? 57 . lady bird wow . kyle yeah . I know . I mean you 'il have one eventually . everyone 's gonna have one . and then it 'il be a matter of time . lady bird before what ? kyle before they put they in we brain . Lady Bird laugh and then stop herself . he be dead fuck serious . she want to touch he again but can not invent a reason why . int . new helvetia coffee shop . afternoon . Lady Bird work . Zone out from time to time , think about Kyle . Danny come in and then lurk . she spot he , go to throw out the trash , annoyed that he 's there . ext . alley behind new helvetia coffee shop . afternoon . Lady Bird walk out , Danny follow she . she wheel around : lady bird what do you want from I ? he do not say anything . lady bird ( cont ’d ) yes ?! danny my grandma want I to tell you she miss you at Christmas . lady bird yeah , well , I could not have go anyway ... my Mom be piss about Thanksgiving . danny ( nodd ) you mom be crazy . I be scared of she . 58 . lady bird ( suddenly defensive ) she 's not crazy , she 's just , she have a big heart . she 's very warm . danny I do not find you mother warm . lady bird you do not ? danny well no yeah she 's warm but she 's also kind of scary . lady bird you can not be scary and warm . danny ( logically debate ) I think you can , you Mom be . lady bird you 's re you 's re gay ! that shut he up . they be quiet . danny ( suddenly , desperate ) fuck I . can you not tell anyone , please ? I be so sorry about everything . I be so ashamed of all of it . it 's go to be bad and I just need a little bit of time to figure out how I be go to tell my mom and dad . he almost start cry . lady bird ( pat he awkwardly ) do not worry , I will not tell . danny ( lean into she , sobbing ) thank you . he 's tell 59 . the truth and she be genuinely touch . they embrace again . they be friend , real friend now . int . psych hospital . check -in . day . marion help a patient fill out a questionnaire . it be Father leviatch , who look how he feel - crush by bottomless despair . this be he struggle . she look marion ... and do you have a support system ? father leviatch what do you mean ? marion ( gently ) who do you turn to when you feel this way ? father leviatch no one , I guess . I be sorry . marion no , no , do not be sorry . there 's no wrong answer . at he with true empathy . he realize something . father leviatch please do not tell you daughter . marion no of course not . of course not . 60 . int . church . day . all of xavier and immaculate heart of Mary be assemble for ash Wednesday mass . everyone get ash on they forehead . Julie look on enviously as Lady Bird joke around with Jenna and flirt with Kyle from across the aisle . the priest repeat the incantation every time he apply ash to the forehead . priest remember that you be dust and to dust you shall return ... remember that you be dust and to dust you shall return .... int . family / computer / miguel 's room . day . Lady Bird sit at the computer with a list of instruction in front of she - marion , Larry , shelly and miguel stand behind she . lady bird it 's a new system - you just enter you social security number and ... she be press enter and be lead you to a website that list all the school in the uc system she apply to with a '' yes '' or a '' no '' beside they . they all say no except for ... lady bird ( cont ’d ) davis ?! marion ( relieved ) Davis be good . maybe you should have look at it . lady bird it 's only half a hour away ! less if you be drive fast ! larry I go to graduate school there . shelly lot of smart people go to Davis . lady bird I think Berkeley have to accept I . you and miguel go there . I be a legacy . 61 . larry eh , not if we do not give money . miguel and you get bad grade . lady bird oh what do you know about it ? miguel meaning ? lady bird nothing . miguel ( turn red ) what be you imply ? miguel you fucking racist . lady bird I do not say anything . miguel I didn ’t put down my race ! lady bird I be sure they have no idea , miguel ! miguel you be actually fuck evil . what be wrong with you ? marion go - go to you room ! lady bird I be not five ! marion I do not raise you like this , I do not -- lady bird I do not have to go anywhere ! I be not go to a fuck university that 's famous for it 's fuck agricultural school . she run out , furious . she have kick the computer if she could . lady bird ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) and miguel and shelly you 's ll never get job with all that shit in you face ! miguel self - consciously put he hand to he nose-r , rotate it . shelly mentally tally all she piercing . 62 . 63 . int . jenna' house . night . a fancy mcmansion , giant but not utterly tasteless . a low - key house party . Lady Bird wander through the palatial house , look for Jenna . run up to she : lady bird hey ! jenna ( hugging she ) hi ! help yourself to anything in the fridge . my parent 's be upstairs but they do not care if you drink . she nod and move on . what she 's look for be Kyle of course . she spot Kyle outside , read a book and smoking . ext . jenna' house . by the pool . night . Lady Bird casually slink outside and light up a clove , like she do it all the time . Kyle notice like he be mean to . kyle I hate that shit . lady bird but you smoke . kyle Hand roll cigarettes - never industrially produce and never clove . lady bird what 's wrong with clove ? kyle you can not inhale clove . what 's the point ? lady bird oh ... kyle you 's be not suppose to . lady bird clove be what I first smoke , when I be young , so you know , force of habit . kyle huh . well it have fiber glass . 64 . lady bird really ? kyle Rolling you own be best . also I be try to , as much as be possible , not participate in we economy . I do not like money . I be try to live by barter alone . lady bird but do not Catholic school cost money ? kyle yeah the diocese be not super into it . ( then ) it matter to my dad that I goto xavier , so just try to make he happy . she sit down next to he . he touch she face . she breathes out hard . he kiss she and she kiss back . CUT to : another part of the house : Kyle and Lady Bird be make out full on . she want it , but not so fast : lady bird I do not want to have sex yet . I have not have sex yet . with another person . kyle no , I neither . lady bird really ? kyle yeah . lady bird cool . they start make out again . they fall into a door and it reveal the famous tanning bed . Lady Bird laugh . lady bird ( cont ’d ) oh my god ! it 's the tanning bed ! Julie will love this ! 65 . kyle who 's Julie ? int . bathroom . day . Lady Bird sit on the edge of the tub and look at apicture of Kyle from the '' xavier '' insert in the immaculate heart of Mary yearbook . CUT to : just Lady Bird 's foot on either side of the tub-tile , the water stream down . it 's obvious what she 's do . CUT to : she 's out . she have towel wrap around she body and head . she rummages around the medicine cabinet . she see a pill bottle and look at it . it 's antidepressant for she dad . she put it back , carefully . marion ( 0o.s. ) Lady Bird ! you can not lock yourself in there ! we have one bathroom ! lady bird ( open the door ) sorry , sorry , sorry ! lady bird ( cont ’d ) it 's just this be the only place I can get any privacy . marion clock the towel around Lady Bird 's head and body : marion do you really need to use two towel ? lady bird no , I guess no . marion if you need two towel you just have to say so because this affect my whole day , I have to do laundry before work and I need to know if there be more towel I need to wash . lady bird I just need one , sorry . 66 . marion ok , well let I get to the mirror , I gotta get go . Lady Bird back up , watch marion put on makeup . lady bird when do you think be a normal time to have sex ? marion ( drop she mascara ) you 's be have sex ? lady bird no ! marion uh , college be good , I think college . use protection . like we talk about . lady bird ok . they regard each other . lady bird ( cont ’d ) be dad depressed ? marion ( look from the mirror ) why do you ask that ? lady bird the pill ... they have dad 's name on they . marion 's not sure she should talk about it , but then do : marion dad 's be struggle with depression for year . lady bird I do not know that . ext . 67 . marion money be not life 's report card . lady bird he 's depressed about money ? marion be successful do not mean anything in and of itself . it just mean that you be successful . lady bird ( confuse ) yeah , but then you be successful . marion but that do not mean you be happy . lady bird but he 's not happy . jennar house . pool . day . Lady Bird and Jenna mess around in she big pool , splash each other , be teenage lady - of -leisure . Lady Bird be feel the weight of she life , the heft of it . lady bird I have to get out of Sacramento . jenna why ? lady bird because it 's soul-kill . it 's the mid-west of California . jenna be not there a thing , like : '' think globally , act locally . '' lady bird I feel that the person who say that do not live in Sacramento . jenna I love it here . I want to send my daughter to immaculate heart . I want to be , you know , be a mom . 68 . lady bird at least go to San Francisco . jenna I do not like hill . Jenna disappear under the water . Lady Bird consider that perhaps Jenna be not such a good fit for she as a friend , even if she be popular and cool . they be not the same . int . algebra ii CLASS . day . Julie 's desk be empty beside Lady Bird . she miss she real friend . int . ST . francis hallway . day . Lady Bird see Julie walk in the hallway with darlene , the weird girl from choir . she call out : lady bird Julie ! Julie ! Julie , hey ! darlene ( aggressive ) what do you want from Julie ? lady bird darlene can you excuse we ? julie darlene , stay . so darlene stay , she creepy cow eye take in the scene . lady bird why be not you in algebra ii ? julie I switch section . lady bird why ? 69 . julie be not Jenna and Kyle enough ? lady bird I be sorry that you be jealous . julie ha ! Jenna be a moron , you know . lady bird she 's not . she 's in ap calculus . julie she 's a moron in a deeper sense . lady bird you do not even know she . julie -- miss Patty assign you a role , by the way . you just never show up to claim it . lady bird what role ? julie '' the Tempest . '' lady bird there be no role of '' the Tempest . '' julie it 's the titular role ! lady bird no , it 's a make up thing so we all can participate . julie can not do anything unless you be the center of attention , can you ? lady bird yeah , well , you know you mom 's tit ? they be fake . totally fake . julie she make a bad decision at 19 ! lady bird two bad decision . 70 . Julie leave with darlene . Lady Bird be furious and righteous . int . immaculate heart of mary gym . day . everyone sit on the bleacher for a '' special assembly . '' Jenna and Lady Bird sit together . Lady Bird love be see with she at this public event . a woman be speak - she be heavy - set with a '' wedge '' haircut . she hold up model of fetus . 70 . casey and at fifteen , this girl be pregnant . she decide that she be go to get a abortion . it make sense . it be the right thing to do . lady bird ( whisper ) let I guess she do not get it . casey and she be sit there wait for the doctor to come in and something deep inside she say no . lady bird bingo . casey anyone want to guess who this woman be ? hand shoot up . casey ( cont ’d ) the young lady right here . young lady you ? 71 . casey no , it be not I . another young lady um , you friend ? casey no , the girl in the story be ... my mother . gasp from the audience . casey ( cont ’d ) I be that baby that she decide not to abort . cut to : laminate graphic about abortion be be pass around . casey ( cont ’d ) that could have be I , that could have be my fate . lady bird ( to Jenna ) just because something look ugly do not mean that it be morally wrong . unfortunately this comment be loud enough for casey to hear . casey what do you say , mar ’am ? lady bird nothing . casey please share . Lady Bird look at Jenna and decide that she 's really go to impress she : lady bird ( loud ) I say '' just because something look ugly do not mean that it be morally wrong . '' the girl be shocked and embarrassed , but laugh too . 72 . casey you think dead child be not morally wrong ? lady bird no ... she 's go all in : lady bird ( cont ’d ) I be just say that if you take up close picture of my vagina while I be on my period it would be disturbing but it do not make it wrong . gasp ! sister Sarah - Joan clock Lady Bird 's escalate mania . she briefly make eye-contact with she . Lady - Bird be ashamed , but use she shame to plow ahead rather than turn back . casey ( horrify ) Excuse I ? what do you say ? lady bird listen , if you mother have have the abortion we would not have to sit through this stupid assembly ? marion ( 0.s. ) suspend ?! how doe this happen ?! int . family / computer / miguel 's room . night . marion be furious . Larry pretend to work on the computer . marion lady -bird everything we do be for you . everything . you think I like drive that car around . do no. you ? you think I like work no. double shift at the psych no. no .... hospital ? you need to go to the Catholic school because you brother see someone knife in front of he at the public school , be that what you want ? marion ( turn on Larry larry , what be you do on the computer ?! nothing . larry 73 . marion ( back to Lady Bird ) you think dad and I do not know how ashamed that you be of we ? you dad know , you dad know why you ask we to drop you a block away from school every day - lady bird - dad I do not mean to - marion - you make he feel horrible horrible do you know that ? lady bird ( cry ) I be sorry . Larry chime in . 74 . larry marion you do not have to bring that up - marion - no , Larry , you can not just be the nice guy , she have to know , she have to know how you feel otherwise she 's just gonna think that she can say anything at all and nobody ever get hurt . '' wrong side of the track '' . lady bird I do not mean it that way , it wasa joke -- marion yeah , it 's just a joke : '' Mom and dad , they do not care . '' we do not think we have be in this house for twenty - five year , we think we have move somewhere better , whatever we give you , it 's never enough . lady bird it be enough . marion do you have any idea how much it cost to raise you ? how much you 's be throwing away every day ? Lady Bird , tired of be berate , furiously get a pen and a piece of paper , poise to write , cut marion off : lady bird give I a number . marion what ? lady bird give I a number ! marion I do not understand . lady bird you give I a number for how much it cost to raise I , and I be go to get older and make a lot of money and write you a check for what I owe you so that I never have to speak to you again . 75 . marion I highly doubt that you will be able to get a job good enough to do that . Lady Bird scream and raise she hand at she mother . bring it down without strike . leave the room without a sound . int . lady bird 's house . early afternoon . Lady Bird loung - watch television . life during suspension . all this report about the lead up to the Iraq war . it 's simultaneously terrifying and boring . the phone ring and she jump at it . lady bird ( into the phone ) hello ? jenna ( 0o.s . ) hi , it 's I ! Jenna . lady bird ( look at the time ) be you call I from school ? jenna ( 0o.s . ) no , we get out early because all the irish girl get totally sloshed by noon ... lady bird oh , right , happy Saint Patrick 's Day ! jenna ( 0o.s . ) I guess they have be stock - pile mini liquor bottle in the tampon machine . now they be all throw up . everyone else get out early . so guess where I be ?! lady bird I do not know , where ? reveal that Jenna be : ext . dream house . early afternoon . it be the house . Danny 's grandmother 's house . the blue one with the white shutter and the american flag . the one Lady Bird say she live in . Jenna be stand there in she uniform . she ring int . lady Lady Bird 76 . jenna ding dong I ’m outside ! the doorbell . lady bird ( 0o.s . ) oh , shit , no , I be ... wait . lady bird ( 0o.s. ) leave ! just um , leave ! bird 's kitchen . early afternoon . CUT to : and Jenna in she kitchen . her real kitchen . jenna ( look around ) so this be you house ? lady bird yeah . jenna the woman who live in the other house be totally freak out . lady bird that 's my friend 's grandma . that 's she house . jenna why do you say it be you house ? reaching for the truth that explain it : lady bird I wish I live in that house . jenna I do not even sort of understand why somebody would lie about that . lady bird I do not lie . jenna you lie , you be a liar . jenna I hate dishonesty . lady bird I be sorry . jenna apology accept , I guess . lady bird ( concerned ) be we still friend ? jenna I mean , if you be still Kyle 's girlfriend , then yeah , I guess I x11 see you around . 77 . Lady Bird look worried - be she still Kyle 's girlfriend ? int . kyle 's room . kyle 's house . day . they watch the news , not touch but oh man she want to touch . Kyle and Lady Bird be make out pretty heavily . be on top . she whisper : lady bird I be ready . kyle ( regular voice ) what ? lady bird ( a bit louder ) I be ready ... to have sex ... kyle okay , great . CUT to : Lady Bird 78 . he reach over , fetch a condom . get it on somehow . lady bird you be so dextrous with that ... oh ! they be sort of have sex now . she 's still on top . on for a little bit . it go then he stop move . lady bird ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) be you ...? done ? kyle yeah . yes . lady bird sorry , I be confuse . she look at he . his face be all splotchy . kyle you have some kind of - blood ! lady bird ( hand to she face ) oh , shit , I get nose bleed . I be sorry . CUT to : Lady Bird hold a kleenex to she nose , and look at a bulletin board with the class picture from first grade - little Kyle wear a tie - dye shirt . Kyle read . lady bird ( cont ’d ) remember when '' tie - dye '' be a activity ? 719 . kyle ( glance up ) I do not make that shirt , my parent buy it for I at Sea ranch , you can read '' Sea ranch '' if you look close . lady bird ( make a joke ) cut to '' ten year later . '' kyle what ? lady bird like how ten year ago you be in first grade and now we ... cut to ! kyle ( quizzical ) what do '' cut to '' mean to you ? lady bird or like " little do he know ... " kyle nothing you be say make sense . lady bird how we be not virgin now ! we deflower each other . we have each other 's flower . she kiss he and try to hold he but then back off . lady bird ( cont ’d ) sorry , I be just happy . kyle I do not lose my virginity to you . lady bird wait - what ? kyle I lose my virginity to cassie duval . lady bird Excuse I ? she sit . 80 . lady bird you say you be a virgin . kyle no I do not . because I be not . and I have not lie in two year . lady bird oh Jesus . kyle yeah , I have probably sleep with , six people ? lady bird you do not even know if it 's six people ? kyle I do not keep a list . lady bird why would not you keep a list we be in high school ? kyle why be you get so moody ? lady bird you do say you be a virgin . kyle I think you might have make a assumption . lady bird I just have a whole experience that be wrong . Kyle open he book up again and then close it : kyle you be decide to be upset . lady bird no , I be upset . kyle because you be decide to be . do not be mad at I for this . that 's stupid . you can not be mad at I for something I have no control over now . lady bird I just want it to be special . Kyle Kyle int . Lady away dad. sick . ext . Lady 81 . kyle why ? you be go to have so much un - special sex in you life . lady bird ( fully angry now ) I be on top ! who the fuck be on top they first time ! kyle do you have any awareness about how many civilian we have kill since invasion in Iraq start ? lady bird shut up . shut up . different thing can be sad . it 's not all war . move away and open a book . lady bird ( worried ) be we still go to prom together ? kyle sure . have be read something out of the corner of he eye . kitchen . kyle 's house . day . Bird sneak down the stair , still cry , try to get without a conversation . through a door , she see Kyle 's he 's very thin and wear lot of sweater , obviously he drink a cup of tea . kylen house . day . Bird wait outside , sit on the curb . the Toyota corolla pull up . it 's marion . Lady Bird do a double-take . int . / ext . 1994 toyota corolla . early evening . as Lady Bird climb in the car : lady bird I think miguel be go to pick I up . 82. marion well , I be just arrive from work and ... she want to say she miss Lady Bird but instead say : marion ( cont ’d ) it be easier . Lady Bird start cry . very hard . marion pull over , hug she : marion ( cont ’d ) hey , it 's okay , it 's okay . as she 's rub she back , marion take in Lady Bird 's shirt , she do not recognize it . marion ( cont ’d ) what be this sweater ? lady bird oh , it 's just , my friend Jenna give it to I . marion who 's Jenna ? lady bird my friend . marion do not know she daughter 's friend , she t-shirt , or why she 's cry . she hold Lady Bird , then think of something : marion want to do we favorite Sunday activity ? I do not have a second shift ... Lady Bird nod , it would be nice . int. / ext . OPEN house around SACRAMENTO . day . marion and Lady Bird go to all the different open house . they love do this . they could never buy any of they , but it be so neat to see the inside of house you have always know , and to imagine a different life . where would you bed go ? , etc . it 's a great day . maybe the best in a long time . maybe ever . 83 . int . lady bird 's house . day . Lady Bird be back to watch television . the invasion be full on , it 's the shock and awe portion of the Iraq war . miguel Lady Bird ! a bunch of thing arrive for you ! Lady Bird rush in , snatch the envelope from he hand : lady bird ( turn hot ) Holy shit ! miguel since when do you get mail ? lady bird I get mail . miguel whatever you be up to , it 's not go to end well . int . lady bird 's room . day . she open a bunch of letter - they be all rejection . except for one letter , the letter that say '' Wait-listed . '' she scream silently to herself . not yes but it 's not no . int . office build . morning . Larry sit across from Business jock , just 30 . business jock the programmer now be , like , kid , man ! larry I know - but that 's why I think with I you ’l1l1 find something different . business jock yeah but they 're like baby . larry I hear you , it 's wild . which be why ( point at he resume ) ( more ) 84 . larry ( cont 'd ) I get my mba at uc Davis while still work at isc . business jock oh , wow . that must of be a lot of work . larry it be . business jock I hear isc be close now , though . larry I hear , yes . business jock so the asshole who fire you be now close up shop . larry ( not feel it ) feel good . they sit for a second . business jock ( look around ) yeah ... what else be suppose to happen ? larry oh , I think we be go to talk about the position . int . office build . waiting room . day . Larry leave he awkward interview to come get Lady Bird . she 's read a stack of old magazine . lady bird how have it go ? 85 . larry ( exhaust ) let 's go buy a big bag of dorito and eat they in the car to celebrate you waitlist . lady bird ( laugh ) do not tell Mom ! about the dorito or the waitlist ! then miguel enter the wait room . Larry and Lady Bird do a double take . miguel look much more conventional . handsome , too . all he piercing be out , he tattoo cover . larry oh ... hi , son ! lady bird wait , what be you do here ? miguel I guess we be um , go for the same job then ? larry it look like it . go get ‘em ! Larry and miguel hug . miguel go in to the interview . Larry watch he go , feel how you have be feel at that moment . Lady Bird aches for she dad . int . vice principal sister sarah - joan' office . day . Lady Bird hand in homework from be suspend . Sarah - Joan look it over , then : sister sarah -joan I know it be you who do the '' just married '' thing . lady bird it be not I . sister sarah -joan I be not go to punish you . 86 . lady bird oh ... why not ? sister sarah - joan ( laugh ) it be funny . sister gina and I drive all the way home before we notice people be honk . lady bird really ? sister sarah -joan to be fair , I be not just marry to Jesus . it 's be forty year ... lady bird well he 's a lucky guy . sister sarah -joan ( she consider Lady Bird ) I read you college essay . you clearly love Sacramento . lady bird I do ? sister sarah - joan well , you write about Sacramento so affectionately , and with such care . lady bird I be just describe it . sister sarah -joan it come across as love . lady bird sure , I guess I pay attention . sister sarah -joan do not you think maybe they be the same thing ? Love and attention ? 87. int . thrift town . day . marion and Lady Bird be look for a prom dress . Lady Bird be in the dress room try thing on . marion ( sadly ) I guess you will not be go to dance in college . this be we last one . ( then ) you know , Davis have a terrific theatre . if you be still interested in theatre . be you ? Lady Bird come out in a dress , it 's too tight : Lady Bird lady bird I be probably no good at act . ( look at herself ) why do not I look like the girl in the magazine ? marion it 's too bad I can not meet this Kyle before prom . lady bird he 's not my boyfriend anymore . I mean , maybe he never even be . marion I have still like to meet he . lady bird ( 0o.s. ) ( be : the dress ) it 's too tight ! fuck . go back into the dress room . marion I suggest you not take that second help of pasta ... lady bird mom ! 88 . marion ( innocent ) honey , you seem upset about it , I be try to help you . lady bird Mom ! you be give I a eat disorder ! lady bird ( cont ’d ) ( to herself ) I wish I could get a eat disorder . Lady Bird come out again . the dress kind of fit she . it 's bright pink and frilly . she look happy : lady bird ( cont ’d ) I love it . smile up at she Mom , look for approval : marion ( consider ) be it too pink ? Lady Bird silently go back into the dress room . her Mom just crush something that she like and be very '' she . '' marion pick up that she 's upset : marion ( cont ’d ) what ? lady bird ( 0o.s . ) why can not you say I look nice ? marion I think you do not even care what I think . lady bird ( 0o.s . ) I still want you to think I look good . marion I be sorry , I be tell you the truth . do you want I to lie ? lady bird ( 0o.s . ) no , I just wish ... I wish that you like I . 89 . marion of course I love you . Lady Bird come out . look at marion with the pure question : lady bird but do you like I ? marion ( falter ) ... I want you to be the very best version of yourself you can be . lady bird what if this be the best version ? int . lady bird 's house . night . Lady Bird all dress up in she pink dress . the one marion do not like . miguel , shelly and Larry wait with she . she keep check the window . shelly you look really pretty . lady bird really ? shelly nod . shelly you look like a bad ass girl ina band . this make Lady Bird feel pretty amazing . then a car horn honk . it 's Kyle . he literally honk . lady bird um , I guess , that 's my date . larry you be not go to get in the car with a guy who honk , be you ? lady bird I think , yes , I be . Larry shrug , accept the situation . larry let I get you picture . Mom 's piss she have to work a double . 90 . miguel ( peer out the window ) even you deserve better than this . Larry snap a picture of Lady Bird , stand alone . shelly have a good time ! miguel yeah , good luck ! Larry snap a picture of Lady Bird , stand alone . int . kyle 's car . night . Lady Bird approach and catch Jenna and jonah talk in the back seat : jonah I think she 's weird . jenna she be weird . lady bird ( announce herself hey guy . I guess I ’11l just , sit shotgun ? you look really nice , Kyle . kyle you look good . he move some book , probably math book , and she sit . Jenna do not make eye contact with she . int . kyle 's car . night . driving around with jonah and Jenna . it 's no fun . kyle ( on the phone ) hey , what 's go on , man . yeah , ok , that sound great . ok . ( hang up the phone ) do you guy want to ditch prom and just go to Mike 's instead ? jenna yeah , I hate dance . jonah yes ! lady bird yeah , okay . no prom . '' crash into I '' come on the radio . kyle I fuck hate this song . 91 . 92 . he switch it . suddenly Lady Bird sit up very straight . lady bird I love it . lady bird I actually want to go to prom . kyle um , okay ? I mean I do not really wanna do that . lady bird can you take I to my friend Julie 's house , please ? kyle sure . jenna who 's Julie ? lady bird she 's my best friend . ext . julie 's apartment complex . night . Kyle drop off Lady Bird . screech away . Lady Bird stand in front of Julie 's apartment complex . she 's milling around when a car pull up : it 's Julie 's Mom , Ms. pickett - come in from grocery shopping . int . julie 's room . night . Julie 's Mom knock on the door . ms. pickett Julie , honey , there 's someone here to see you . she step in . Julie look up , she 's be cry . lady bird lady bird ( cont ’d ) hey , be you okay ? julie oh , yeah , I be fine , I be fine . lady bird what happen ? julie nothing . really , nothing . lady bird why be you cry ? 93 . 94 . julie I be just cry - some people be not build happy , you know ? CUT to : int . julie 's kitchen . night . CUT to : they laugh really hard . they catch they breath and notice that they be on the last slice of the block of cheese . lady bird we eat all the cheese ! julie ( cont ’d ) it 's ok , Blocks of cheese vary in size , that be a small one . lady bird so small . lady bird ( cont ’d ) fuck it , let 's go to prom . do not you Mom have a dress ? julie let 's be honest , I have have a dress for month . it 's purple and you be really gonna like it . 95 . int . prom . night . Julie and Lady Bird be slow dance together . all the decoration , the whole thing , look like hell , actual hell . there be flame everywhere . they be take picture together and happy - it be they last hurrah . CUT to : ext . downtown SACRAMENTO . early morning . in they prom dress . they watch the sun come up over Capital Bridge on the Sacramento River . they small - town version of the sunrise scene over the Brooklyn Bridge in '' Manhattan . '' lady bird people make so much noise in the movie , but it 's really not a big thing , you can totally be quiet during it . julie be it amazing , though ? lady bird ( think ) I want it so badly but then I find that when it happen , I really like dry humping much more . julie you 's be not a virgin . lady bird ( excited ) I can not wait for State Fair . julie I know ! log ride ! 96 . lady - bird julie log ride ! they laugh . then : julie oh shit . lady bird what ? julie I be not go to be here this summer . all summer , basically . lady bird why not ? julie well , my dad , my real dad , resurface in Yellowstone and he want I to come out there for the summer before I start scc . lady bird oh. julie I be not go anywhere to college , so it seem like a good opportunity . lady bird ( try to be happy for she ) yeah . julie I be go to miss the fuck out of you . lady bird I probably will not get in . so i’1l go to Davis and I 'il see you every day . int . xavier theatre . night . 97 . Lady Bird sit in the audience and watch the Tempest . Close on Danny perform prospero 's last speech . it 's beautiful : danny now I want spirit to enforce , art to enchant , and my end be despair , unless I be relieved by prayer , which pierce so that it assault mercy itself and frees all fault . as you from crime would pardon be , let you indulgence set I free . the play be over - Father walther , ever the football coach , jump up and cheer . Lady Bird have tear in she eye . love watch she friend 's be great . int . cathedral . day . everyone be graduate . int . restaurant . night . she cut tolady Bird celebrate with she family , hugging they . larry to miguel and he new job ! 98 . marion to Lady Bird go to Davis ! miguel ( to Lady Bird ) hey , I talk to my manager , and you can totally take over my job for the summer . lady bird thanks , miguel ! marion I be so proud of you , Lady Bird . you walk weird across the stage , but you do it . lady bird I do not walk weird ! marion it seem a little weird , the way you walk . lady bird mom ! 99 . marion smile at Lady Bird . Lady Bird smile back . Danny walk over to they table . he embrace she in a big hug . they be friend , real friend . danny hi , everyone ! I miss you guy ! they all chorus that they miss he , too . proudly : danny ( cont ’d ) do you find out about the wait list ? marion look at Lady Bird and then back to Danny . larry oh , fuck . marion what ? marion 's eye darken . int. / ext . lady bird 's house . day . Lady Bird be still in she graduation gown . marion be do dish , laundry , not look at she , not speak to she . Lady Bird trail after she : lady bird I be not even in yet , so this might not even be a problem ... Mom ? follow marion into the kitchen . she see she dad sit in the live room , look scold : he 's just get a earful . Lady Bird keep pursue she mom. lady bird ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , I should not have go behind you back , it 's not like I be definitely go to New York . nothing from marion . lady bird ( cont ’d ) mom. Mom . be not you sort of proud that I be so close to get in ? just a little ? 100 follow marion to the backyard , where she begin weed . lady bird ( cont ’d ) I mean , yes , I know it be probably easier because 9/11 and less people apply with terrorism and all that , still though ... I be sorry , I know I can lie and not be a good person but ... follow marion to the trash can , almost cry . lady bird ( cont ’d ) please , Mom , please I be so sorry , I do not mean to hurt you - I appreciate everything you have do for I , I be ungrateful and I be so sorry , I be so sorry I want more ... nothing from she . marion go back into the kitchen , screen door slamm behind she . shout now , panicked try to get she attention . lady bird ( cont ’d ) talk to I ! mom ! mom ! please ! talk to I . I know , I know , I know I be so bad , just please ! please . nothing from she mother . summer ( again ) int . grocery store . day . Lady Bird be learn the rope of the grocery store . try to scan item . hang out with shelly . she 's int . Lady get int . Lady 101 new helvetia coffee shop . day . Bird put on she other apron for the coffee shop , and to work as a barista . she 's get better . dmv drive test . 1994 toyota corolla . afternoon . Bird be sit with the drive tester after the test . drive tester you pass . lady bird seriously ?! drive tester yes . lady bird thanks . drive tester not a thanking situation , you either pass or you do not pass . lady bird yay . 102 int . lady bird 's room . morning . dad come in with a cupcake . Lady Bird be 18 . larry happy birthday to you . lady bird you remember ! larry you be my only daughter . well , shelly too , kind of . make a wish . Lady Bird blow out the candle . then : lady bird be you and Mom go to get a divorce over this ? larry no ... we can not afford to ! I be kid , no . I love you Mom . lady bird ( look down ) do Mom hate I ? larry you both have such ... strong personality . she do not know how to help you and that frustrate she . lady bird I wish she have talk to I . larry she will , I know . happy 18 . lady bird thanks . do you want some ? larry yes . int . convenience store . day . Lady Bird walk confidently up to the counter . lady bird one pack of camel light , please . and a scratcher . and a playgirl . convenience store clerk 103 id . Lady Bird hand over she id . convenience store clerk ( cont ’d ) ( barely look at it ) that 'il be ten eighty seven . lady bird oh , it 's my birthday today . I be eighteen . which be why all this thing . I can buy they . convenience store clerk okay , happy birthday . ext . convenience store . day . she smoke a cigarette . legally . it 's gross . ext . lady bird 's house . day . early morning . Lady Bird be sit outside on the porch , write . try to be like a lady poet . the mailman come up and give Lady Bird the mail . she open the paper to the obituary , just like she Mom - see that Kyle 's dad have die . Richard scheible ( 1953-2003 ) . she go to the lawn and sit down on the grass and think . flip through the other mail . at the bottom be a fat letter from the college . she open it . she get in . int . bank . day . Larry and Lady Bird sit in front of a banker . larry so with she scholarship and then if we re-finance the house ... then where be we ? int . kitchen table . night . marion struggle to write something . she work on a yellow legal pad . keeps throw away version . int . house . morning . Larry give Lady Bird a cell phone . larry you 's be only suppose to use it for emergency . lady bird ( laugh ) it 's my tracking device . int . lady bird 's bedroom . day . Lady Bird repaint she room , cover the pink wall - and Danny and Kyle 's name - in fresh white . int . 1994 toyota corolla . early morning . Lady Bird sit in the backseat while marion drive and Larry sit shotgun . Sacramento go by . int . / ext . 1994 toyota corolla . airport . day , 2003 . Lady Bird and Larry get out . Larry secretly slip a manila envelope into the front of the suitcase . Lady Bird lean back into the car and talk to marion : lady bird thank you for drive . marion you 's be welcome . lady bird you be not come ? marion you can not walk up to the gate anymore , anyway . lady bird yeah , but , I be go to college . marion can barely look at she , it 's too hard and she 's too mad and hurt too much . marion dad will walk you to security , parking be too expensive here . marion drive away abruptly . Lady Bird get smaller in the frame . marion be the focus . marion circle , then circle back . she be cry now , she think it would be easier to not say goodbye but it be not . she park the car . run as fast as she can to go say goodbye . run into the airport look for Lady Bird and Larry . see Larry walk towards she . larry ( hugging she while she cry ) it 's ok , she will be back , she 'il come back . college int . dorm room . night . Lady Bird unpack , put thing in they place . she reach in the front pocket of she suitcase and pull out : a manila envelope . she open it , and all this letter fall out - crumpled up start and half -start . she look at all of they one at a time . they all begin essentially the same : '' I love you so much and I do not know how to tell you that , I can not communicate it to you in a way that ... '' CUT to : Lady Bird be on the phone with Larry : larry ( 0.s. ) she be worried that there would be error , or mistake or something ... ( more ) larry ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) that you have judge she write ability . lady bird I would not do that . larry ( 0.s. ) I think you should have they . larry ( 0.s. ) I want you to know how much she love you but also do not tell she I salvage they , okay ? lady bird ok ... she touch all this letter she mother could not send . and she can never tell she that she have they . int . another dorm room . night Lady Bird sit in a dorm room full of college freshman . she stare at a half drunk paper cup of rum inher hand . she look up , question : lady bird hey . do you believe in God ? college boy no . lady bird why not ? college boy because it 's ridiculous . lady bird ( shaking she head ) people will call each other by name they parent make up for they but they will not believe in God . college boy what 's you name ? lady bird ( consider ) christine . my name be christine . college boy I be David . they shake hand . david you shake . christine I shake . david where be you from ? christine Sacramento . david sorry , where ? the music be too loud , he have not hear she . second try : christine San Francisco . david cool ! San Francisco be a great city . she be immediately ashamed , but pleased with she social success . she drink everything . CUT to : Lady Bird be very drunk now . she lean out the window . David do , too . she yell at the sky . lady bird bruce ! college boy no , my name be David . int . lady bird 's dorm . night . back in she dorm with the David . she be so drunk that sheis half way between pass out and throw up . David be flipping through she giant CD case . david Jesus Christ you have bad music . it 's all greatest Hit . christine but they be the greatest , what 's wrong with that ? David put down the CD case and start make out with she . she throw up all over he . david oh , god , oh god ! he get up and run away , out of the room . int . dorm room . night . christine be load onto some kind of strap down chair . she be cry . christine I be sorry . int . hospital . night . christine look up , half awake . a nurse come into focus . nurse what do you want we to do , she 's drunk . christine pass out again . int . hospital . day . christine open she eye . look at she bracelet . sit up . a child sit across from she with something definitely wrong with he eye . she wince . she stand . it seem like she can just walk out . she do . ext . NYC STREET . day . christine be hang over but basically okay . stop a man : christine what day be it ? NYC man Sunday . christine thank you . she walk past a church . people be filing in . so do she . int . church . day . snippet of a sermon , some donation basket . the choir get up to sing '' bless Assurance . '' christine listen and then cry , hard , and then start laugh and sing along . it turn out that she life be just beginning . she duck into the entry - way of the church . get out she phone , call she home phone . it ring and ring . she leave a message : christine hi Mom and dad , it 's I . christine . it 's the name you give I . it 's a good one . dad , this be more for Mom - hey Mom : do you feel emotional the first time that you drive in Sacramento ? I do and I want to tell you , but we be not really talk when it happen . all that bend I have know my whole life , and store , and the whole thing . but I want to tell you . I love you . thank you , I be ... thank you . hang up and listen from the back of the church while the choir continue sing . credit .