X / 1 reg hte * s0up 4 ear @ 4 ( i? for a good time , call ... Katie Anne naylon and lauren Anne Miller base on a true story : 1-866-fsu-tits mp February 18 , 2010 '' a ly call now ! cum later ! classic . phone sex ! without all the donkey 's ! title card : 1999 int . amherst college english classroom - morning a eclectic group of freshman English student sit around a large conference table , chat . lauren powell , 18 , prim , proper , and wide - eye notice katie steele 18 , wear a see - through top with a black bra . lauren lean over . lauren ( whisper ) I can see you bra through you shirt . ( off Katie 's nod ) it 's just that you do not want people to think you be a slut on the first day of school . katie oh . hey , do you mind if people think you be a frosty bitch ? professor rainey , attractive and 35 , walk to the head of the table wear a smart sweater vest . professor rainey this be freshman English . we write , we read , we talk . we should get to know each other . lauren start take note . jesse lawson , 18 , a gay bear type , hurry inside and sit between Katie and lauren . lauren ( whisper as she write ) know each other ... professor rainey I be tate rainey and I be from jacksonville , Florida . one of the hardest thing I have overcome be that although my penis be straight , my ass be gay . the class shoot to attention . a few laugh trickle out . jesse ( quietly to Katie ) score ! ( notice lauren 's horrify look ) kidding . I like you headband . they smile at each other . Professor rainey continue . professor rainey see ? the ice be break . and I be kid . I be not gay at all . but in college we can say whatever we want ! now , something I really do overcome be writer 's block after my divorce . not exciting , kinda sad , but true . who 's next ? lauren shoot she hand into the air and stand up . lauren I ' 1l go ! my name be lauren Powell and I be from stamford , Connecticut . and it be so hard for I to overcome my craving for ice cream sundae . my dad make I one every night until high school when I have to stop cause I watch my weight . there be mostly eye-rolls , but it 's so sweet a few people smile . the biggest eye roll come from Katie who pipe up . katie I 'il go next ! lauren awkwardly sit . Katie remain seat . katie ( cont 'd ) my name be Katie steele and I be from Baltimore , maryland . something I have to overcome , be a misdemeanor I get for flash at a high school football game . jesse you can get arrest for flash ? katie you do when it 's you vag ! and I be 18 now , so it 's not on my record anymore . I have overcome ! the class explode with laughter . over jesse , the two girl stare each other down as another student start talk . int . fraternity house - evening lauren , wear a amherst shirt , wander through the crowded , smokey room carry a empty diet Coke can . she tap a dude on he shoulder . lauren Excuse I , do you know where the recycle be ? the dude ignore lauren . she tap another person on the shoulder . when she turn around , it 's Katie , who double fist beer , and wear a outrageous and very revealing outfit . lauren ( cont ’d ) ( earnestly ) oh , hi ! hey , I hope you be keep you skirt on at this party ! katie I be just hope they 's 1l have ice cream later ! lauren ( ignore the insult ) do you know if there 's any recycle around ? katie recycling !? this be a party , earth girl ! she grab lauren 's can and throw it on the floor . katie ( cont 'd ) ( tousle lauren 's hair ) now you go have the time of you life ! lauren give Katie a judge look while Katie hurl herself onto the keg to do a kegstand . int . / ext . lauren 's car - a little later that night lauren drive away from the now break - up party . she see Katie do the electric slide on the sidewalk , stumbling in she giant wedge - she revealing outfit almost revealing too much . she 's waste and have a party of she own . lauren watch Katie and debate pick she up . the good person in she win and she roll down she window . lauren hey ! katie lauren Powell ! fan of the ice cream sundae ! lauren yes , that 's I . do you maybe need a ride ? Katie shrug and then hurl herself into lauren 's car and immediately start play with the radio . katie ugh , I hate Dave matthews ! what station be this ? lauren it 's acd actually . but this be a live cd . have you ever see Dave live ? or be you busy show off you girl part ? Katie be almost impressed by the insult . katie oh man , I just realize I have not peed in like , four beer . ( see a big gulp cup ) be this yours ? lauren sorry , I think it 's empty . katie perfect . Katie jiggle off she underwear and toss they on the dash . she start to maneuver herself over the cup . lauren what be you do ?! katie I tell you I have to pee . lauren stop ! you can not do that ! this be my new car ! katie oh come on , I do this all the time . it ' will be fine ! lauren no ! Don -- the sound of Katie 's pee can be hear hit the cup . lauren ( cont ’d ) ohmygod , ohmygod . I can not believe you be do this . Katie finish up and hold the cup up triumphantly . katie finish ! see , no spill at all . lauren sigh . lauren Fine . okay . Katie start to put the lid back on the cup . katie I tell you , I do this all the -- splash ! lauren hit a bump and pee go everywhere ! silence . lauren pull the car over to the side of the road . the area could not be scarier and be populate by shady looking dude , SMALL child sell drug , and a prostitute get spanke right there on the sidewalk . lauren get out . katie here !? lauren ( firmer ) get out . katie but this people will kill I ! lauren ( be : the spanke prostitute ) oh I think you 'il fit right in with that two ! get out of my car ! Katie collect she shoe and what 's leave of the pee-filled cup and teeter out of the car . lauren speed off and then veer back in reverse . she toss Katie 's panty at she head . lauren ( cont 'd ) I hate you ! katie Fine ! I hate you too ! and you should just chill out ! urine be sterile ! lauren speed off leave Katie in scarytown . unfortunately for she , Katie 's revealing outfit make she fit right in . the spanker ( to Katie ) twenty - five to join we . and you can give or receive . Katie wimper and walk off . title card : new york CITY , 10 year later int . morty bronstein 's office - lobby - day the phone ring in the most organize office reception area ever . out the window be a great view of New York City and on the wall be frame book cover and literary award . lauren , read a manuscript , answer it . lauren ( on the phone ) morty bronstein 's office ? morty ( 0.s. ) ( yell from other room ) lauren ! lauren ( on the phone ) I be sorry , he 's unavailable at the mom - - , yes , he 's read it now . she look down at the manuscript that she 's read . morty ( 0.s. ) ( yell from other room ) have you see my insulin injection ? lauren yes , I know he 's have it for six mon -- well , I can tell you that it 's just great and have ton of promise ... I be practically a agent ... we will return . lauren hang up the phone with a sigh . she open she desk drawer and pull out a box of syringe . she bring it into -- int . morty 's office - continuous morty , 85 , adorable , wrinkle , and knock at death 's door , sit in he chair - which be huge compare to he little old man body . his office be a disaster area with pile of manuscript floor to ceiling and papers everywhere . morty there she be ! dear , would you mind do the injection for I today ? the arthritis in my right and leave hand be act up and I do not think I can reach around . he maneuver he body out of he chair and lower he pants - expose he upper right butt cheek . lauren grimace and step toward morty with the syringe . lauren Fine , but can we talk about the Joe kreitman manuscript after ? morty of course , dear . you be so on top of thing . oh , I see that thing on the machine you make . impressive ! lauren the website ? on the computer ? morty sure , dear . very lovely . injection , please . lauren force a smile and brace to inject morty 's butt . lauren okay , on three . one , two , three . she poke he with the syringe and he scream like a baby . ext . time square - simultaneous crowd of tourist brush past Katie , also now 28 , as she hand out comedy flier . katie you like comedy ? a unamused woman push the flier back at Katie . unamused woman I do not do comedy . Katie shrug . she take off she jacket and tie it around she waist , revealing a cleavage - bare top . she wipe sweat from she brow before she spy a hot tourist in a stetson hat . katie hey there , cowboy . would you like to get into some comedy tonight ? hot tourist I reckon I might ! will you be there ? katie I can be wherever you want I to be . just take a flier you sexy stetson . the hot Tourist take the flier as he pass . Katie roll she eye and sigh . then , she push she boob together with she arm and try again with asian tourist man . katie ( cont 'd ) you like comedy ? int . katie 's apartment - evening a pole dance workout play on the television , as Katie talk on the phone while swinging on a stripper pole . Katie pants and sweat , but continue to juggle the phone / workout . stripper workout lady bounce around on the screen . stripper workout lady now roll that hip , you sex kitten ! let you breast jiggle and focus on you core ! Katie roll she hip very sexually . katie ( into phone ) ( panting ) jesse ! you be smart and you deserve to do what make you heart sing . we go over this all the time ! do not settle ! I will not allow it . you be too talented . stripper workout lady wrap a arm around that pole and glide and grind . you be a cat in heat ! Katie try glide and grind with the phone , but can not do it . she slip off the pole and land on she butt . katie shit. ( into phone ) do not sign that shitty contract . you book be better than that . i’11l call you back . key jangle from Katie 's front door , as she start to pick herself up . it open to reveal she landlord henry , 55 , anda young perfect look couple , jame and carrie . henry like I say , this unit be full of window , get lot of light . katie hullo ? Excuse I ? stripper workout lady ( 0.s. ) feel the pole between you thigh ! Henry and James raise a eyebrow and peek toward the tv . henry take a look at the bedroom -- it have a walk - in closet . ( to Katie ) I tell you I have be come by . how 's the pack go ? James and carrie smile awkwardly and go to the bedroom . katie pack ? what the hell . you can not just drop in on I , Henry . I live here ! henry Katie , I tell you 60 day ago that the building be no longer rent - control come June lst . you do not qualify for the new rate with you income . katie and I tell you that this be my grandmother 's apartment . and I have be here for 5 year ! I be not go anywhere ! henry be that the certified letter I send you ? 10 . Three pink envelope on the table be peek out from underneath a pile of catalog . stripper workout lady ( 0.s. ) use the big pole to guide you muscle . henry you have get four day , Katie . I be sorry . James and carrie emerge from the bedroom , beam and nodd with interest . katie oh stop nodd you cake topper ! one day , the drain in the sink be go to clog , and you be not go to know why . but I 'il know . Henry usher carrie and James out the door . Katie walk to the doorway . katie ( cont 'd ) that 's fine ! I deserve better than this craphole apartment anyway ! have fun with my grandmother 's ghost ! she 's a night - walker ! Katie slam the door with frustration . int . charlie sheer 's apartment bedroom - that same night candlelight and the boyz 2 Men song , I will make Love to you fill the boyishly boring apartment . slightly tangle in they sheet , lauren and she boyfriend , charlie sheer , 30 and look like Mr. right , make really boring love . int . charlie sheer 's apartment bathroom - moment later lauren and Charlie brush they tooth while wear match pajamas . him with just the pants , she wear he top . they have a whole routine with she move she head up when he be down and vice versa . when they be do , the routine continue with a towel exchange . finally -- charlie Office ? lauren nod enthusiastically . 11 . int . charlie sheer 's apartment bedroom - moment later lauren and Charlie laugh together in bed watch the Office . they be not touch . it go to commercial . charlie well , I have some news . Weiner can not do the Rome office stint , so I get to go to Italy for the summer . lauren what ?! that 's amazing ! I have never be to Italy before . all cobble -y street and statue , old church and yummy food ! Charlie take a beat . charlie I think ... I think this be a good time for we to evaluate where we be at . lauren ( hopeful ) really ?! ohmygosh . okay , wait . lauren run out of the room and return again a moment later with a camera . Charlie 's charlie what 's that ? lauren I want to document this . if I do not my sister will kill I ! face fall . charlie honey , I be not propose . lauren oh . then what be you do ? charlie here 's the thing . I think we be both ignore something really obvious here and have be for a while now . lauren ignoring what ? 12 . charlie we both jog a 8 and a half minute mile . we always go to sarabeth 's for brunch on Sunday . we switch from sour cream to greek yogurt together . we dress alike . Charlie nod at lauren 's pajama top . lauren I be not follow . charlie lauren . snap out of it . last winter we build little ship together inside glass bottle . we always win at taboo ! and charade !... we relationship be boring . lauren look punch in the stomach . lauren but we just have great sex with each other ! charlie that be great ? look , every moment we spend together be fun , it 's nice , but nice be not a way to live ! we have no excitement . no passion . we have ... scrabble night . lauren you love scrabble ! and I have passion ! I can loosen up ! look ! lauren jump up and attempt to dance sexily , unbuttone several of the button on she pajama top . it 's all wrong . Charlie grab she and make she sit down . charlie lauren . stop . we be just friend , okay ? lauren start to cry . charlie ( cont 'd ) please do not do that . I know you 's 1ll see what I be talk about soon . once we have some distance , and you have you own place and -- 13 . lauren my own place ?! I can not afford my own place ! could not I just stay here ? charlie the thing be , I be gonna give up this place when I leave for Italy . in four day . lauren how could you do this !? we have be together for three year ! so what if we be friend ! you be my best friend ! charlie laur -- lauren no ! you be the worst person ever ! lauren jump up and start grab she thing from the room . lauren ( cont ’d ) you think I be boring !? what about you , Mr. I only wear khaki pants and eat only plain chicken !? you be the one that love the missionary position ! I look good on top . my breast look amazing . you do not deserve my breast ! lauren now start throw the thing she 's grab at Charlie : a shirt , a shoe , a book , she purse , etc . he 's ducking and run around the room and say ' I be sorry 's with every object hurl at he head . lauren ( cont ’d ) Fine ! I will find a new apartment ! a great apartment ! and I be gonna have crazy sex there ! and be exciting ! and you will have miss it all ! lauren hurl a heavy book - end at Charlie 's head . he duck out the door . the second he 's go , she sob . int . brooklyn apartment -— day Katie stand in the middle of a empty live room , with the build manager . she shrug . 14 . katie it 's ... not bad . I come in a taxi , today , but how far be the train ? build manager 10 block to the j-m- Z train . and then you just switch to the L train or the F train after 6 stop and it get you right into the city . katie huh . how long do it take exactly ? build manager a hour ? but there 's lot of people that commute from here or take bike to the train . Katie peer out the window as a delinquent cut off a bike lock and steal a bike , peddle away at the speed of light . int . tiny , amazing new york studio - day lauren perches on a window seat , gaze at Central Park . her broker , eileen , a mid - 40' , jewish - mom type , smile broadly . eileen it 's everything you be look for ! a real grow up apartment : doorman , window , full kitchen , and not more space than a young single lady need . lauren single . great . how much be it again ? eileen well , with first month , last month , security deposit , and a broker 's fee ... $ 8000 to get in the door . and then it 's just $ 2500 a month . lauren ( sarcastic ) wow , what a steal . int . staten island apartment - day a fat lady with way too much cleavage smile broadly at Katie , as they walk around a over - the-garage apartment . fat lady do you have a car , I hope ? 15 . Katie shake she head . fat lady ( cont 'd ) well , in that case you just walk to the ferry and sail right to the city . Katie turn to see fat Son lean in the doorway , smoking a cigarette . he look very '' staten Island '' douche-y . fat son or I could drive you . I be in and out of the city all the time . ( point to the main house ) and I just live right there . int . terrible east village studio - day lauren and eileen stand next to one another in what be sadly not a broom closet , but a actual apartment . a arm reach away from the kitchen sink be a free-stand bathtub . a bed have be fold down from the wall . eileen you can afford it ! a place all to yourself . lot of privacy . lauren eye the single , tiny window in the apartment . lauren I can not breathe . eileen cheerfully wedge open the window , struggle . it spring open . loud scream from the building next door erupt . crazy lady ( 0.s. ) be this about the baby ?! I hate you ! crazy man ( in Spanish ) you enrage I , woman ! crazy lady speak English ! you have be here 12 year !!! lauren I be not sure this be right either . 16 . ext . NYC STREET near gramercy park - afternoon jesse , the guy who sit between lauren and Katie in freshman English , strut down the street with lauren while eat taste-d -lite . jesse lauren , I know you refuse to see it , but Charlie 's right . you be so not crazy for each other . you be best friend . ( be : the ice cream ) be I get fat ? should I not be eat this ? lauren it 's fat free . and I be totally crazy for he ! jesse oh come on . we have not be lingerie shopping for that guy in forever . ( grab he stomach ) but look at this . he sigh and eat another spoonful . jesse ( cont 'd ) brace yourself . I be gonna lay it out there . you relationship have run it 's course . he 's gonna go to Italy and meet some woman who can make pasta with she nipple , and you be gonna stay here and take over morty 's business and get you life on track . lauren maybe it ’1ll only be a break ? jesse up. lauren know he 's right . lauren so my boyfriend be break up with I , and kick I out of my apartment . I can barely afford any place that do not have rat or scream immigrant . what be I go to do ? ( more ) 17 . lauren ( cont 'd ) I be 2 day from move back to Long Island to live with my parent ! I be 28 . I can not do that . jesse spy a open house in a beautiful old building right on gramercy Park . jesse you can live here ! lauren please . I can not afford a place around here . ( look at the sign ) and it 's for a two bedroom . be you move in with I ? jesse uh , no . I live alone . but let 's just go look . for we dream life . he grab she arm and drag she inside . int . incredible gramercy park apartment - moment later lauren and jesse stand in the doorway with they mouth wide open . the apartment be a NY dream : large window , beautiful wood floor , a open kitchen , and molding to die for . jesse tear of real estate happiness be welling up inside . lauren I would do anything for a place like this . jesse sex for money ? lauren funny . I be gonna go look around . just then jesse spy Katie on the other side of the apartment . he panic and push lauren in the other direction . jesse uh , great ! go look ! over there ! jesse go over to Katie . jesse ( cont 'd ) hey you ! 18 . katie hi ! what be you do here ? you have a great place . jesse I just looovve apartment , so I have to take a look ! do you be here mean you finally come to term with get kick out of you place ? katie whatever . that place suck anyway . I would give anything for this place . but I could barely afford half . I can not live on staten Island . what be I gonna do ? jesse sex for money ? Katie look as if she 's almost consider . jesse ( cont 'd ) uh , I will be right back , okay ? int . bedroom 2 in the amazing apartment - moment later lauren look dreamily at the large closet in the bedroom . jesse could you afford half of the rent ? lauren hmm , maybe . it have be a stretch . but I could do it with my raise I be gonna get . I be 28 year old . I deserve this place right ? I could make it a world with no Ikea . but , I do not want to live with a stranger . wait , be you think about it ?! jesse no. again . I live alone . but , uhm , I think I know someone that you could live with that would love this very grow up apartment . lauren who be it ? 19 . jesse she be so much fun , and I know would be into live here and make it great and you probably do not even remember she , but she be in we major at amherst and she 's life in NY and work in advertising . she 's ton of fun and -- lauren she once peed in my car ? jesse smile and put out jazz hand . lauren roll she eye and walk out of the bedroom . lauren ( cont ’d ) no. no. absolutely no . I hate she . int . incredible gramercy park apartment - continuous just as lauren walk out of the bedroom she slam right into Katie . jesse oh boy . the girl look at each other with hatred until lauren remember she manners . lauren well hey , you ! Nice to see you ! katie it 's good to be see . lauren force a awkward hug that neither be happy about . katie ( cont 'd ) so . what have you be do lately ? lauren ( oversel ) I work for morty bronstein . his client have publish over 75 literary masterpiece . I be pretty much he right and leave hand . he 's retire soon and I be go to take over the business . you ? 20 . katie ( lie through she tooth ) well , I be do some ground - break stuff in advertising . I have single - handedly push forward a great campaign for a chain of comedy club here in Manhattan . we ad be ... all over Times Square . jesse choke back a laugh , then nod . lauren sound great . congratulation . jesse okay you two . this be a fantastic place and you be both insane if you let it go . so , I want you both to close you eye and imagine : ( they reluctantly close they ) a big beautiful couch in the corner . cute frame with nothing inside hang on the wall . brunch at a small table by the large window . katie you just describe monica and Rachel 's apartment . lauren I love brunch . katie of course you do . jesse I be not do . this be not a apartment for someone fresh out of college . this be for someone who 's get they shit together . someone who 's make they life happen ! this place be for the two of you ! now on the count of three , I want you to both open you eye and forgive each other for you silly past and get ready to step into the future of you incredible apartment . one ... two ... Three . the girl open they eye . lauren that be so nice , jesse . 21 . katie almost as nice as kick someone out into a world full of murderer , rapist , and drug dealer . lauren when it 's hot outside , my parent say that the car still smell like pee . katie I be almost arrest that night for be a prostitute . lauren you peed in my car . katie this be not go to work . lauren no , clearly it 's not . they angrily part way . as they head for the door , they overhear jack , the real estate broker , talk to maria , another interested person . jack it 's really a lovely building . quiet , friendly neighbor , and of course , that key to gramercy Park . both Katie and lauren 's eye grow wide . they rush over . katie Key to gramercy Park ? lauren it 's so pretty in there ! Katie link she arm with lauren 's . katie we will take it . lauren look at Katie 's link arm and pull she aside . lauren ( whisper ) what do you think you be do ? I do not want to live with you ! 22 . katie ( whisper ) I do not want to live with you either ! but come on , look at this place . and gramercy Park ?! lauren ( take a beat , then ) can you afford half of the rent ? katie I can make it work . we will take turn be in the live room . and you can have all the brunch you want . lauren look at Katie . she look around the place . lauren ( to herself ) I should make bold choice . bold choice . ( to Katie ) ohhh man . okay . let 's do it . but no Ikea in the live room ! they march back over to Jack . katie lauren sorry lady , but get outta my where do we sign ? apartment ! int . katie and lauren 's apartment , katie 's bedroom - day Katie unpack garbage bag . a pedicure chair sit in the middle of the room . lauren wiggle a pillow into a shabby chic pillow sham as she lean into Katie 's doorway . lauren be that a pedicure chair ? katie yeah . be not it funny ? lauren funny furniture ? hmm . keep it in here , please . katie whatever . Nice pillow case . pottery barn ? 23 . lauren pillow sham . anthropologie . katie where yuppy hippie go to die . ( beat ) so , I be think we could divide up the bill . like you pay they for the first three month , and then I ’1ll pay they the next three . lauren Nice try . but I do not think so . who know , in three month , you could run off and join the circus . katie good one . I be kid . ( beat ) what time do you leave for work in the morning ? so we can figure out the shower . lauren 8:30 katie I too . shit . you can shower anytime before 7:30 . be you go to come into my room all the time ? lauren I be try to be nice . katie next time , send a fruit basket . lauren shrug and walk off . lauren Fine . and do not forget to bring the least to that place on twenty third tomorrow ! int . morty bronstein 's office - morning lauren sit in front of morty in he office . a humidifier run in the corner . morty so what 's the occasion ? 24 . lauren you just call I in here . morty oh right . you be so smart . that 's why I hire you . ( off lauren 's smile ) and that 's why you be gonna be great out there on you own . ( lauren 's smile fall ) I be tired . I be old . let 's face it , I do not do anything anymore . it 's time to close the old place down . lauren but what about you client ? I be think that I could -- morty I take it upon myself to make this easy for you and set they up with fancy young agent . lauren and what be I ? morty you ? you be a secretary . lauren but I have work as you assistant for 5 year . I know you business inside and out . I have be do it on my own for the past year at least ! morty but you be a woman and woman be secretary , not agent . lauren what be this , 1954 ? morty a great year ... look , you make a wonderful coffee , but you be just lack something to make you a agent . lauren what ? what be I lack ? morty a penis . 25 . lauren be crush . int . apartment leasing office - afternoon Katie step up to the teenage receptionist , who be texting on she phone and laugh to herself . katie I be just drop off the lease for apartment 12 - F . in the gramercy Park building ? receptionist oh , yeah . so , I be such a idiot . I send over , like , the wrong lease . that one be for 14 - F . she pull out a lease from she drawer . receptionist ( cont ’d ) can you sign this one for I instead ? my dad 's bugging out . be you roommate here ? Katie shake she head . clearly she 's alone . receptionist ( cont ’d ) shoot. ( look around ) um , that 's okay . it will be just be under you name then . I mean , it 'il technically be you place , but if that 's okay with you , it 's okay with I . Katie think about it for a moment . receptionist ( cont ’d ) you can forge she name on it too , if you want . I do not care . Katie smile sweetly . katie that 's ok . we be best friend . she will not mind if it 's just my name . forgery be so wrong . receptionist great . Katie hand finish signing the lease and hand it over . she walk out triumphantly , give the girl a pageant queen wave . 26 . int . katie 's apartment kitchen - the next day Katie , over - dress for work in a suit , eat a bowl of fruit loop . lauren emerge from she room , in she pajamas , with a empty red wine bottle and puffy eye . lauren do we have recycle yet ? katie again with this . lauren look less than amused . katie ( cont 'd ) there 's a box under the sink , Earth girl . ( notice the pajamas ) casual Tuesday at work ? lauren I be go in a hour late today . lauren mope over and toss the bottle . she look toward the live room and see the pedicure chair and a stripper pole . lauren ( cont ’d ) um . what 's happen in there ? katie I exercise on the pole . and the chair be for my back . I tell you . lauren collapse at the table . lauren whatever . I do not have the strength . katie you eye be all puffy . be you smoking weed this morning ? lauren no. Gross . lauren sit at the table . silence . then ... lauren ( cont ’d ) have you ever be in love ? 27 . katie ehh , I can not be tie down . I do not have time to waste on personal relationship . woman will stab you in the back , and man only wanna stab you wherever you will let they - if you know what I mean . lauren then I doubt you have understand . I be with Charlie for 3 year ! I think he be my person ! same plan , same dream , same bed . and now he 's go . katie you person ? Gross . jesse tell I you might be in denial about you boring relationship . lauren whatever . and what do you mean woman will stab you in the back ? katie woman be bitch . bye woman ! lauren where be you go ? katie to the bathroom . jeez ! lauren ( under she breath ) why do not you just pee in this candle-holder ? lauren slump in she seat . a moment later , Katie emerge and head to the door . I be go to work . see ya . would not wanna be ya . and she 's out the door . lauren sigh , take off she blazer , head to the couch and turn on the tv . int . katie and lauren 's apartment -— lauren 's room - that afternoon day of we live play on the tv while lauren back in she pj 's , sit at she desk look at she bank account online . 28 . angle on the computer : check 2537 : $ 2047.34 . lauren sigh and click another window to a complete monster.com job application . she hit submit job and pick up she cell phone . charlie ( 0.c. ) hey , it 's Charlie ! leave -- lauren hang up . she dial she phone on speaker . intercut with : int . lauren 's parent long island house - kitchen - simultaneous adele , 58 , and adorable , chop vegetable while scott , 60 , with a lovable comb-over , paint a chess set . adele ( on the phone ) hello ? lauren ( on the speaker phone ) hi , mom . adele oh hi , sweetie ! hold on , let I get dad . Adele bring another phone to Scott even though they be in the same room . scott ( on the phone ) hi my sweetie . how 's the new apartment ? and you roommate ? lauren apartment 's great . roommate 's whatever . but , uhm ... morty 's finally retire . scott adele that 's my girl ! and you be finally take over ! this be great ! lauren ( cont ’d ) uh , no . he 's just retire . I be not take over . scott but what about we plan ? 29 . lauren yeah , well , since I be a girl , and morty 's a sexist old - man , there be no more plan . adele what ? lauren Mom , I waste 5 year of my life give insulin shot to someone that think because I have a vagina , I be incapable of do more than look pretty . it 's over and I do not want to talk about it anymore . silence . Adele stop chopping . adele honey , nice girl do not say vagina . scott ( chipper ) well , okay . this be no big deal . you be smart , you be professional -- adele you be beautiful . who would not want you ? scott exactly . let 's make a new plan . where be you apply ? lauren I have already apply at random House . and I be do penguin and St. martin tomorrow . the big one . I would really like to start do something more fulfil . adele ahh , the random House dream . Scott , do not Diane 's neice work there ? I think she do . I could call she . lauren no , no . thank you , but I want to do this on my own , okay ? scott okay , that 's fine . do you need money ? what about rent in that new apartment ? what do you need ? 30 . lauren you guy be the best , but I have a little in savings for rent this month . and I know I 'il get a job soon . thank you , but no thank you . I be 28 , I just can not have you guy help I out anymore . adele well you can always move back in with we . lauren smile and nod un - easily . that 's the last thing she want to do . ext . time square - a bit later lauren , wear a proper shirt and she pajama pants , fight she way through time square while drown she sorrow in a extra large bag of chocolate cover popcorn . some of it 's on she face . meanwhile , only a few foot away be Katie . her power blazer be now wrap around she waist . she hand a young man a flier . katie hey , you like comedy ? ( off the man 's confuse look ) English ? ( more confusion ) no? great . she hand he the flier and then push she way through the crowd . she do not know it 's she , but she tap lauren on the shoulder . katie ( cont 'd ) hey , pajamas , you like comedy ? lauren turn around and see that it 's Katie . both of they be shocked . katie ( cont 'd ) oh . it 's you . lauren grab the flier . lauren be this you job ? 31 . katie no. yes . it 's a grass root campaign . you can not ask anyone to do anything you would not do yourself ! lauren ( judge - y ) I see . Katie register the pajamas and the fact that it 's mid-day . katie what 's with the popcorn and pajamas ? lauren this ... be part of a major book deal I be broker . yeah . katie lauren you be such a liar ! you be not do anything ground - break in advertising ! the girl stare each other down . lauren break first . lauren ( cont ’d ) Fine . morty retire . I lose my job . Katie almost feel bad , but then take advantage . katie and this be how miss productive fill she time ? lauren yeah , clearly I should take note from you on how to have a successful career . katie if you will excuse I , I have some important work to get do . lauren why not save you breath and just wear a sandwich board ? katie unemploy . they both turn and huff off in opposite direction . 32 . katie ( cont 'd ) you better be able to pay you rent next month ! lauren madison Avenue be that way ! int . katie and lauren 's apartment - lauren 's room - night lauren , still in she pajamas be splay across she bed with a pile of gossip rag . she listen to she ipod , but then casually pull it out of she ear and stand up . she shoot to attention when she hear ... katie ( 0.s. ) ( sexually ) mmmm . oh yeah . that 's it . lauren 's eye go wide . katie ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) fuck you nasty little slut ! ride I ! lauren do not know if she should throw up or run . she grab she purse and head for the door . int . fancy lounge - night lauren stare at jesse , who sit across from she . he take a big sip of he way too girly drink and set it down . lauren you be not go to say anything ? jesse be I surprised she talk dirty when she 's get some action ? no , not really . lauren how can you even like she ? she 's disgusting and rude and socially inept . she can not even be fake nice ! jesse be it possible that you be upset about get fire and how you dream of take over morty 's client have be crush ? and maybe Katie be not the problem ? 33 . lauren no . that be not possible . I be fully qualified to work somewhere else and I will . this be a minor setback . but that girl , ooooh , I loathe she . she lie about everything . she do not work in advertising . she. hand . out. flier ! and you do not tell I ! jesse please do not put I in the middle . she 's great at hand out that flier , she 's talkative and outgo . give she that , at least . lauren I be not give that girl anything . I just hope I do not have to meet whoever she 's sleep with when he come out of we bathroom and have inevitably peed on we floor , fondle my toothbrush and leave small curly hair by the sink . I be sure he 's disgusting . jesse you be the one wear pajama pants in a bar . int . lauren 's bedroom - a little later lauren enter the apartment , tentatively listen for Katie . it be silent . with relief , she head to she room , until - - katie ( 0.s. ) yess ! yess ! yessss ! beat that meat ! do it for I ! lauren throw she purse down and charge to Katie 's door , but then chicken out . lauren crumple into she own room . katie ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be so close ! do not let I down , baby . oh godddddddddddddd ! int . katie 's apartment , kitchen - the next morning Katie hum '' Eye of the Tiger '' while pour herself a bowl of lucky charm . lauren enter , with rage in she eye . 34 . lauren listen , whatever 12 hour porn shoot you be do last night be ridiculous . we share a wall . katie I be not shoot any porn . I be work all night long , thank you . lauren ( a lightbulb go off ) oh my god , you be a prostitute . katie shut up . I tell you , I be work . not as a prostitute . lauren come on ! beat that meat !? Gross ! if you want to have guy over , that 's fine , but just a little warning would be appreciate . katie no one be here ! lauren whatever . could you clean some of you moldy mushu pork out of we fridge ? katie why ? to make room for you veggie dog and soy milk ? what sort of a person pickle they own beet ? lauren the type that value nutrition , have a real job , and a basic sense of cleanliness ! katie ( slam she bowl of cereal into the sink ) Real job ? as I recall , you be really unemployed . hey , you know , I use to work at barne and Noble on 83rd , if you want to stay in the book industry . I could make a call . lauren oh , do you work in they advertising department too ? ( more ) 35 . lauren ( cont 'd ) write about sale on chalkboard out in front of the store ?! Katie scoff while throw on she blazer . lauren ( cont ’d ) ( be : the blazer ) Big meeting with the hot dog vendor today ? Katie open she mouth for a comeback and then stop . katie you know , you be feistier than I think . lauren be shocked by the almost compliment . Katie grab she briefcase and slam the door shut . int . katie and lauren 's apartment kitchen - evening lauren push Katie 's moldy food around in the fridge . she start take anything edible out and pile it on the counter . once there 's a pile of very random food on the counter , she dig in . she take a bite of a peach , a spoonful of peanut butter , a pickle . lauren mmmm . you be a good little peach . Bet you would not mind a little of this ... lauren top she peach with some peanut butter and take a big bite . she sigh with pleasure . just then , Katie 's voice be hear from inside she bedroom . katie ( 0.s. ) rip off that pants ! I can not wait to get inside there ! lauren ( eye bulg ) ohmygod . katie ( 0.s . ) pull that cock out big boy ! lauren no. no. no. no ! lauren rush to Katie 's door , about to knock . she listen through the door and hear the slight noise of mattress spring get a workout . 36 . lauren ( cont ’d ) ugh , grooossss . I can not do this . she turn to walk away . katie you get I soooo wet ! that 's. what . i’m. talking . about ! !!! lauren storm back to the door and pound it with she fist . unexpectedly , it fly open ! it reveal Katie , all alone in the room , fully clothed , jump up and down on she bed , with the phone to she ear ! lauren be stunne . Katie 's face go white . katie ( into the phone ) ( cont ’d ) ( quickly ) uh , just cum on my face . gotta go . Katie look at lauren , wonder what she 's go to say . lauren be silent . katie ( cont 'd ) you dad call ? int . katie and lauren 's apartment live room - moment later lauren sit on the couch with she arm fold . Katie study she from the pedicurist chair . katie lauren listen , I have be do -- oh I know what you have be do . katie lauren if you would only let -- you be so disgust -- katie lauren it 's not even a big -- how could you even -- the phone ring from inside Katie 's room . lauren well be you gonna get it , miss cleo ? katie miss cleo be a phone psychic . I enact phone fantasy . ( lauren be silent ) Fine . do you want the story ? 37 . lauren sure . Story I away ! katie ok . when I first get to New York , I have no money . I do not have a grand plan , like I be sure you do , ok ? ( lauren nod ) I see a ad for a dirty hotline and have a little phone interview and I get the job . I be creative and be really good at know what guy want to hear , so I be great at it . I do it for a while and then stop when my grandma die and I get she place with rent control . but then we move in here , I need to make more money for my half of the rent , so I get back into it . ( sincerely ) it 's the only thing I have be good at since college . obviously , I do not really have a fancy advertising job . lauren take a deep breath . lauren so , how do it work ? how do you get the call ? katie it 's easy . I just call , tell they when I be '' on , '' and they forward the call . I get 2 buck a minute , which add up to be just enough to cover my half of the rent . lauren $ 2.00 a minute ? how much be this guy pay ? katie I think $ 6.99 ? I know , how can they afford it , right ? it 's a decent live for I though . except that I always go over on my cell minute . lauren 's logical side take over . lauren ok , first off , get a landline . be you retarded ? ( more ) 38 . lauren ( cont 'd ) and listen , I think you should know if you be really good at it , you be waste you time get only 2 buck a minute . you be the one do all the work and this stupid company be make 3 time as much as you for do nothing . it 's actually offensive how short - sighted you be . get you own hotline . katie ok , rude . I have think of that . but I just do not know how to even begin . lauren whatever . you be just lazy . call the phone company . tell you client . done. ( off Katie 's enlighten look ) so ...how do you know what to say ? katie uhm , I just say what I normally say during sex . I know every button on aman and just when to push . when to cradle he - lauren put a hand up to get Katie to stop talk . lauren maybe I do not really want to know . katie you must know some dirty word . do you talk during sex with Charlie ? lauren um ... I would tell he he 's sexy . katie I need a cold shower after that one ! the phone ring again from Katie 's bedroom . katie ( cont 'd ) just so you know , I be go to keep do this . I have a gift . and if I do not , I can not pay my half of the rent . but I will try to keep it down . Katie slip in she room and shut the door . lauren shake she head and then laugh to herself . 39 . int . katie and lauren 's apartment - live room - evening lauren sit on the couch read the random House website . Katie breeze through the front door hold a large shopping bag and head to she room . katie ( rush to she room ) do the phone guy come today !? lauren roll she eye . Katie stroll back into the live room hold a pink telephone . katie ( cont 'd ) yes he do ! and look what I buy . it 's you color , be not it ? lauren barely look up . lauren great . Katie sit down and stare at lauren read . lauren ( cont 'd ) what ? katie that be nice of you to suggest I get a land line . lauren it be common sense . lauren go back to she computer . Katie 's pain to say ... katie help I make this a business . lauren uh , no thanks . katie but you seem to know how to do this stuff . help I and I will pay a hundred buck of you rent until you get a job . lauren no . katie okay , forever . 40 . lauren I do not want to waste my time help you with you disgusting habit . if it help you pay the rent , fine . keep it quiet , keep it in you room , I do not want to know about it . katie stop act so high and mighty . I know you be interested . lauren 's not a great liar , but try to cover . lauren interested ? I have a interview at random House tomorrow . it 's my dream job and I be perfect for it . I could not be less interested ! katie oh reeeallly . well , hey , that 's fine . go to you interview . you will answer all the question just right . you will sit there all prim and proper . it will be just perfect . no way you will not get that job and have to slum it with I , right ? lauren , a little unnerve , roll she eye and head to she room . katie ( cont 'd ) you be not better than I . you be not better than phone sex ! int . random house office lobby - afternoon dress in a sharp interview suit , lauren anxiously wait in the shiny fancy lobby line with best seller . she look at the wall as if she be a kid in a candy shop . rachel rodman , a precise woman , look around for she . rachel rodman lauren Powell ? lauren ( jump up ) that 's I ! 41 . int . random house office - rachel rodman 's office - later lauren sit across from Rachel with the most excited smile and talk a mile a minute and a bit like a crazy person . lauren it 's just always be my dream to work here ! I be so good with word , and book , and author ! no one work harder than I , either ! you would not believe it , when I be young , I have do three book report when everyone else would do one ! rachel rodman that 's very impress -- lauren right ? and I have help so many friend with they book . so I know I can do that . I be such a good helper . the other night I help my roommate practically triple she business . rachel rodman oh , what kind of business ? lauren start to build speed as she answer . Rachel try to keep up . lauren uhm , she 's a listener . I mean , she work on the phone . but , god , she 's not a telemarketer or anything . I hate that people . I guess she 's pretty good at it . she say she 's creative , but I do not really know . I mean , who know what she say to that people . or how she can even sleep with herself at night . at least she can pay she half of the rent . I mean , right ? and I can not imagine what they say to she ! but , let I tell you she can be loud ! I guess you have have to be though ! to say that kind of stuff !? I be so better than that ! this be way more my speed . I be perfect for this place , right ?! I could never do phone sex ! as soon as the word be out , lauren realize what she 's say . 42 . lauren ( cont ’d ) oh god . I do not mean to say that . I be just really nervous . please do not judge I . Rachel go white . she put down lauren 's resume . rachel rodman well okay . look , miss Powell , I be so sorry , but look at you resume , you be just not qualified right now . we will be hire again in three month . best of luck to you . and you , uh , roommate . ext . louss pleasure world / time square - late afternoon people bump into lauren leave and right as she wander aimlessly down the crowded NYC street . he phone start to ring . the caller id read : parent . she 's stop at a crosswalk and look up and see : Lou 's pleasure world . she ignore the call from she parent and walk away with purpose . int . katie and lauren 's apartment - katie 's room - evening Katie sit on she computer try to design a website . it 's such a disaster . katie fuuuck !!!! work stupid thing ! she click a button five time and nothing happen . she put she head down . lauren come to the doorway . lauren fuck random House . I be in . I want to make a third of the profit . and I be not get on the phone . this be strictly business . katie I do not want you on the phone . you would not have any idea what to do . lauren that website look like shit . scoot over . 43. int . katie and lauren 's apartment - live room - evening Katie carry a glass of wine to lauren , who sit on the couch with she laptop . lauren show Katie the website that she be put together . it 's get picture of hot naked girl and graphic of dildo , lip , and handcuffs . katie oooh , I like the lip . maybe I should kiss some paper , and we can scan it in so it 's more real ? lauren this man want to jerk off to you voice . they do not give two shit if the lip be real . let 's work smarter , not harder . what 's the name of you company ? katie the name ? int . grocery store - afternoon Katie and lauren walk through the cereal aisle . katie name be so much pressure . lauren I think you be so creative . katie I be , I be . she grab a box of lucky charm . katie ( cont 'd ) what about 1- 900 - get -lucky ? lauren that 's so boring . you want something emotional . sexy . they enter the produce section . Katie grab a head of lettuce . katie 1-900 - toss-my-salad ? 44 , int . gramercy park - afternoon the girl sit on a bench read magazine . lauren I think you need a concept . like , what make you line different ? katie it 's sex talk , what need to be different ? lauren I mean , like why would they call you , and not just watch porn ? I mean , I know what 's available out there online and stuff . katie you would be horrify at what 's available online and stuff . ext . NYC sidewalk restaurant - evening lauren eat salad , while Katie eat a burger . Katie notice she comedy flier in she bag . she grab one . katie hey ! we should make flier ! lauren wow , that 's actually a good idea . katie what do you mean ' actually ? 's I have good idea . lauren sure . just now you do . int . duane reed drugstore - evening the girl buy shampoo and toothpaste at the register . Katie eye a martha Stewart Magazine . katie I think the concept of my line be that it 's classic and old - fashioned . no trend . like a nice black suit , it 's always in style . none of that crazy shit that 's online . 45 . lauren classic phone sex . good angle ! katie yeah . wholesome sex talk . without all the donkey . the checkout guy look at they funny . ext . union square farmer' market —- morning the girl stroll through the market . katie how about 1- 900 - phone sex ? lauren pretend to fall asleep . katie ( cont 'd ) Fine . lauren pick up a grapefruit and smell it . lauren mmmnn . that smell good . the noise she make be very sexual . Katie get a idea . katie what about 1-900 - mmm — - hmmm ? lauren you mean like 1-900 -m-m-m-h-m-m-m? katie ( super sexual ) mmm-hmmm ... yes ! that 's we classic phone sex number ! she get the attention of people around they . lauren be so embarrassed and start drag she away . katie ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) for a good time , call 1 - 900 - mmm - hmmm ! int . starbucks - afternoon the girl sit side by side drink frappucino and look at a computer . angle on the computer : the phone sex flier . 46 . it 's so amateur and be a lot like the website - cheesy graphic , etc . katie do you think we should put some boob on there ? just then a 16 - Year - Old - Boy , barista walk by . ' boob 's catch he attention . Katie notice . katie ( cont 'd ) ( sexually ) call 1- 900 - mmm-hmmm . I x11 tell you all about boob , friend . and do not be scared . we be bondage free ! his eye go wide and he run away . lauren shake she head . ext . time square - day the girl be dress super sexily . they hand out cheesy phone sex flier to people rush past in Times Square . katie I do not know you have it in you . lauren what ? katie to look that hot . lauren I can look hot . katie sure . now you do . ( hand a flier ) you like phone sex ? yeah , you do . a grey-haire older man take the flier with a smile and keep walk . lauren approach a group of business men . lauren who like phone sex ? you , you , and ... yes , you , you know it ! more random men take flier . Katie turn and notice the huge toy R US store across the street . a handful of dad stand around look bored . Katie grab lauren 's arm and they cross the street . they now stand in front of the toy store . 47 . Katie hold one out to a young dad . the flier read : tickle my ear , i'll tickle you $ % *@! call now ! CUM later ! classic phone sex without all the donkey 's ! young dad whoa ! this be ... interesting . Young dad quickly fold the flier in half and shove it in he pocket . next to he stand a 4 year - old little boy . katie be you go to get a new toy today ? mmmm ... I think toy be fun ! lauren grab Katie by the arm and drag she away . katie ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? I be help he ! lauren how ? by molest he child ? katie noooo . look , that little boy be so young that I would bet anything that the mom never have sex with the dad . I be simply give he a very safe outlet to exert he sexual energy . lauren ( consider this ) that 's a good point . I like it . Katie wink over she shoulder at Young dad . int . louss pleasure world / time square - day lauren and Katie enter . they be greet by a enthusiastic indian man . indian man oh. hello girl . be you in the mood for pleasure ? lauren we be wonder if you might want to help we spread the pleasure all around . 48 . indian man how can I help ? we sell dildo , strap -on , hot lube , vibrate egg , vibrate nipple clamp ... Katie wander the aisle , look at everything . lauren you see , my girlfriend and I -- indian man girlfriend ? oh that be so sexy . I have sexy woman who do sexy thing in my sex shop ! what a great day . lauren we run a little phone sex line . and we make this grrreat flier . I be hope you could maybe sneak they inside the bag when you ring people up ? or maybe leave they on you counter here , by the register ? he look at the flier . Katie start wander the aisle and stop in front of some vibrator . she pick up one that say '' my first vibrator ! perfect for beginner , virgin , and newby ! '' she turn the package around to investigate it . indian man ( be : the tame flier ) this look like they be for guitar lesson . not sexy talk . lauren well , you be right . they be not as raunchy as they can be . but the thing be ... ( lauren think about it ) in today 's scary sex world , we be a breath of fresh sexual air . we see we line as a classic . like the Beatles of the sex industry . the man look at the flier and notice the donkey line . indian man without all animal . ok . I like you girl and you sex line , very much . i’1l hand out the flier . lauren thanks a million . my name be ... lexi and over there be , uh , Paris . 49 . indian man hi , Paris ! Katie give a little wave , but return to look at the vibrator with interest . lauren walk up . lauren we be all set . put that down . you have a million of that . you vagina will thank you . Katie put it back quickly , as if embarrassed . the girl walk out of the store . int . boring accounting office - evening dale , 42 , chubby and bald , hold the phone sex flier while talk into the phone . he pants and hit button on he calculator feverishly . dale ( on the phone ) oh I have get a big return for you this year ! intercut with : int . katie and lauren 's apartment - live room - evening Katie 's on she pink phone while lauren cringe and work on a excel spreadsheet . katie ( on the phone ) do my tax ! do ‘em ! I have get all my receipt for you ! and I have be so bad ! dale be they all messy in you box ? I can sort they . sort they hard ! katie yes , reach in my box ! grab my receipt ! give I a big refund ! dale I have get they ! all that receipt ! ( climaxing ) I be calculate ! I be calculate ! Dale collapse with pleasure . 50 . katie Dale ? you all do ?... great . make sure you give we a call again soon ! Katie hang up and look at lauren . katie ( cont 'd ) what be that ? like ten minute ? lauren twelve ! and at $ 6.99 a minute that 's a lot ! look at this . she turn she computer to face Katie . Katie look confuse . lauren ( cont ’d ) I just want you to know how awesome I be . we have make $ 3000 in three week . katie no shit . really ? lauren and I have be think , maybe we can get a sucker to work for we the way you work for that other place ? katie I think you have be a great sucker . lauren of you dad . ( she 's proud of she joke ) no. I be not do it . katie I be kid . I would never let you do it . you be prude and buttone - up and it would never work . even you pajamas go up to you neck ! lauren look down at she pajamas and sigh . the phone ring . lauren I nil put a ad on craigslist . that thing 's full of dirty stuff . katie dirty stuff ? be you turn on by say something that sexy ? lauren answer the phone . 51 . Katie smile and answer . katie ( on the phone ) 1 - 900 - mmm-hmmm ? hey , do not you call I yesterday , big dick boy ? intercut with : int . messy brooklyn apartment - simultaneous sean , 28 with messy hair and a cute face , sit in he dude - ish apartment . sean ( on the phone ) ha . uh , yeah . that 's I , I guess . how 's it go ? katie I just love to hear you voice . let I just put you on with billing , okay ? and I will be right back . ( hand the phone to lauren ) a repeat caller ! damn , I be good ! lauren smile and take the phone . lauren I will just need you credit card . int . katie and lauren 's apartment — lauren 's room - later that evening Katie be pass out on the couch , while lauren sit in the pedicure chair look at she laptop . she look at Charlie 's facebook picture of he in Italy . he 's happy and carefree . the pink phone ring again , but Katie 's fast asleep . lauren look at the phone and raise a eyebrow . lauren ( quietly to herself ) hey there , cowboy . I just step out of the shower , actually ... lauren laugh to herself . she reach for the phone , when ... katie ( 0.s. ) what do you think you be do ? lauren turn to see Katie 's eye be open . 52 . lauren ( pause ) I do not know what come over I ! I think wanna do it with you . katie I be sorry , I just do not have that kind of feeling for you . lauren shut up . I want to be we second operator . katie I do not think so . she get up . lauren follow she into the kitchen . lauren I be just think maybe Charlie be right . I be boring . katie you be . but I just do not believe you can do it . lauren I can ! I know I can . look , this past month of do this with you have be cooler than everything I have ever do . it 's the first time since I be five that I have not have a plan for every moment of my day . and I like it ! katie sorry . you have get a great head for business . no doubt . but -- lauren but nothing . we be 5 year out of college . you own a collapsible stripper pole . until I help you , you hand out comedy flier in time square and work for a shitty phone sex line at night . be that really you dream ? Katie shrug and walk back to the live room . lauren follow . lauren ( cont ’d ) I do not envision myself live with you . ( more ) 53 . lauren ( cont ’d ) I do not see myself end up as a home health aide that masquerade as a literary agent 's assistant . I never see myself get fire . none of this be ideal . katie but you be like a Disney princess . lauren there 's no market for that ? katie say '' drip - hole - clenches '' while swinging on the pole . lauren what do that even mean ? katie do it . lauren reluctantly and very stiffly swing on the pole . lauren dripping . hole. clench ? beat . katie we have get a lot of work to do . int . katie and lauren 's apartment , live room — morning lauren and Katie sit across from one another on the couch , both with they cell phone to they ear . a huge box of sex toy sit between they . katie okay , let 's simulate a call . lauren nod . Katie take a dildo and put it in she mouth . katie ( on the phone ) ( cont 'd ) ( with she mouth full ) umph , I looaf you coth in my mouf ! Katie gesture for lauren to do the same thing . lauren hesitates and grab a dildo . she stop and giggle . lauren I can not . I want to , but I just can not . 58 54 . Katie take out the dildo . 58 katie pull yourself together ! you have to take this seriously . I be go out . you stay here . listen for my call . focus ! Katie leave the apartment . ext . gramercy park / int . katie and lauren 's apartment , lauren 's bedroom - a little later Katie dial she phone while watch kid play . katie ( on the phone ) I be hope you have answer . lauren sit in she room and grab the pink phone . lauren ( on the phone ) ( attempt sexy ) I have be wait for you call . katie ( on the phone ) tell I what you be wear , you dirty little slut . lauren ( on the phone ) it 's this really cute dress from ella moss ! katie ( on the phone ) no ! you be wear a lacy pink thong and a bra that 's so tight around you heaving breast . lauren ( on the phone ) ugh , ok . sorry. ( sexy ) I be wear a lacy pink thong and a bra that 's so tight around my heaving breast . katie ( on the phone ) I want you to know how tight my pants be around my cock right now . montage ( Music up ) : - lauren and Katie sit at they kitchen table . there 's a chalkboard on the wall . there be three column of word : adjective , noun , and verb ... all sexually charge . 55 . katie ( cont 'd ) now , you be just go to say the word as I point to they . lauren cringe and nod . lauren hard . cock. jam . katie say it like you mean it . lauren ( reluctant ) slippery . snatch . open ? katie next . lauren throb . tip. oooze ? katie it 's a start . let 's keep go . - Katie and lauren be in line at starbucks . they see a guy in a ugly sweater . katie ( cont 'd ) ( cough ) Ugly sweater ! lauren I be just think the same thing ! they share a smile . - Katie come out of a dress room at bloomingdale . she wear a sweater that have a much higher neck than she 's use to . lauren be impressed . katie I look ... like you . lauren I know ! katie I nil buy it if you can convince I I should . lauren here ? 56 . Katie nod . lauren look around . she sigh . lauren ( cont ’d ) that sweater make I feel so hot . I want to rub you breast in that sweater . I want to rub my own breast look at you in that sweater . katie keep go , and I 'il wear it home . - Katie and lauren be at the kitchen table look at the chalkboard . lauren have a bit more confidence . lauren sensitive . nipple . harden . Katie beam . lauren ( cont ’d ) ( excited ) tight. asshole . burn . katie mmm ... maybe burn be not a good one . Katie erase burn from the list . - back at starbucks , the girl stand in front of the 16 - year - old boy barista that Katie freak out with the number before . katie ( cont 'd ) ok . this be not just a job . it 's a lifestyle . you ready ? lauren nod . they step up to the counter . katie ( cont 'd ) I will have a hazelnut latte with a extra shot . venti . and I like it ( sexily ) really hot . lauren and I will have a sugar free , decaf ice-coffee . tall . lauren hesitates . Katie nudge she . lauren ( cont ’d ) ( reluctant , then sultry ) with heavy cream . please . 57 . the barista be uncomfortably turn on and turn away . lauren look to Katie for she approval . Katie be full of pride . - lauren continue tell Katie how great the sweater be at bloomingdale . lauren ( cont ’d ) just the think of you body underneath that soft , supple cashmere ... that sweater would look even better with you pants off . on the floor of my bedroom . then , you could take the sweater and tie my hand with it . and then , my body will be all yours . do you mind if I rub my nipple while I do this ? just then , a woman poke she head out of one of the dress room give they a quizzical look . Katie give she a little wave . the woman go back in she room . the girl laugh . - lauren , now dance on a chair at the kitchen table . lauren ( cont ’d ) slippery ! tit! ride ! slippery ! tit! ride ! end montage ext . gramercy park - continued from the scene before montage Katie sit on the bench in the park with she phone . katie ( on the phone ) there ya go ! I just blow my load all over you tit ! I 'il be right back . she shut she phone with satisfaction . joey , 6 , waddle over . joey what 's a dirty slut ? int . katie and lauren 's apartment - katie 's room - evening the pink phone ring . Katie answer . katie ( on the phone ) 1900 - mmm - —hmmm ? intercut with : 58 . int . / ext . random truck stop - evening lou , 45 , chubby , scruffy , and clad in flannel , lay in the bed of he truck . he talk into the phone . a flier be next to he . dale ( on the phone ) ( lie ) well , hey there . this be my first time call , but I have hear that maybe it 's possible to talk to you and a friend ? I be real lonely . katie oh , really ? I think we could do that . can you hang on there Mr. mr? ( cover the phone and shout ) lauren ! get in here ! a moment later , lauren poke she head in the door . lauren you need I to run the card ? katie yes . and then , I need you to stay . it 's time for you first call and it 's a special one . a two on one . rare and we can charge double . lauren be you sure we be there ? katie let 's just do it . int . katie 's bedroom - moment later the camera pan across romantic candle , lead we to Katie 's tangle sheet . lauren and Katie sit on opposite side of the bed . they look at each other and softly smile . Katie 's pink phone sit between the two of they on speaker . katie ( softly ) you be gonna be sooo good . she seductively hit the '' speaker '' button on the phone . katie ( cont 'd ) ( seductively ) you still there ? ( more ) 59 . katie ( cont 'd ) it 's Kitty , and I have bring a friend . her name be ... Katie look at lauren . lauren panic for a moment . Katie softly touch she leg and nod . lauren 's panic fade . lauren angel . I be angel . and I have hear you have be a bad boy and I be here to save you . Katie beam . so do lauren . it 's on ! Lou take a disgusting and sensuous bite of a chili dog . lou oh , I need to be save . what do you look like , my angel ? katie you should see she , bad boy Lou . her skin be soft , milky , supple . I be caress it with my tongue . lauren be flatter . she mouth '' thank you ! '' lou which part be you caress ? lauren my nipple . and it feel soooo good . the way Kitty touch anything ignites such fire . I feel like my inside be burn ! Katie smile at lauren , blush slightly . lou oh , yeah , burn , burn ! now , kiss each other . Lou caress he own nipple through he flannel shirt . lauren look at Katie . she do not know what to do . katie I be hope for that . Katie start make out with she hand and moan . she nudge lauren to do the same . lauren laugh and copy she . katie ( cont 'd ) hmmnmmn . she 's such a good kisser , louie . you should see she lip . ( more ) 60 . katie ( cont 'd ) so plump and beautiful . so wet and luscious . lou really ? be she wet anywhere else ? lauren wha -! I mean , ohhhh yeaaaah I be . lou angel , what do Kitty 's panty look like ? Katie lift up she skirt with pride . lauren laugh at first and then notice how cute they be ! lauren they be so cute ! and very sexy . pink and lacy and she ass be -- ( surprised ) so tight ! wow ! katie ( mouth ) stripper pole ! lou spank she ! spank she ! Lou spanks himself ! Katie and lauren hear he slap . lauren do not know what to do ! Katie just start smack she thigh . lauren follow ! lou ( cont 'd ) be you spanking each other ?! angel , you be no angel ! lauren 's so into the spanking , she forget she name until Katie nudge she . lauren oh , shit . sorry . uh , you make I such a bad girl ! and so do miss kitty . ( really look at Katie ) she be so pretty , Lou . her eye be beautiful . and she hair be soft around she face . Katie be so flatter . 61 . katie I would kill for angel 's breast , Lou . her whole body be ... be ... lou be what ? what ?! katie hot ! lou ( 0.s. ) oh man , oh man ! you girl be wild ! katie ( honest ) angel be really nice , too . she 's kind and friendly . so sweet and honest . lauren ( flatter ) and Kitty 's fun and outgo . she be always have a good time . lou ( 0.s. ) uh , okay . do you have strap on ? lauren look at Katie . '' do they ? '' katie ( get back to sexy talk ) you bet we do . that 's the best part . Katie grab the box of sex shit from under the bed and pull out a wide belt . it make noise as she play with it . lou I hear it ! now fuck she ! fuck she like a bad angel ! katie you get it ! Katie pull out a packet of pudding from under the bed . she smear the squishy liquid on the speaker of the phone . katie ( cont 'd ) do you hear that ? lou ( 0.s. ) oh god ! oh god ! 62 . Katie start jump on the bed . lauren follow ! they jump and make sexy noise while the bed creak and squeak . Lou honk he loud semi-trunk horn ! lou ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be cumming !!! ahh ! fade out . fade in : int . live room - morning sunlight stream into the live room . lauren be sprawle across the couch and Katie be in the fetal position ina chair . Katie 's eye slowly open . she see lauren still sleep . she try to get up quietly , but knock into the coffee table . lauren 's head pop up . she have major bed head . Katie be freeze . they look at each other awkwardly . Katie pull a blanket around she fully clothed body . katie hi . lauren hey . silence . lauren ( cont 'd ) uhm , do we ...? Katie can not look she in the eye . she nod . katie look , I do not want -- lauren ( with complete excitement ) that be the best night of my life ! that be so exhilate ! so fun ! thank you so much ! katie really ?! that 's so great ! you be so amazing and everything I think you would be ! so willing , so open , so vocal ! lauren I know ! I be such a slut ! 63. katie a slut that make $ 400 in one night ! lauren really ?! get outta town ! the girl laugh . a moment later , the laughter fade and they just smile . katie ( gesture to herself and lauren ) well I never see this come . lauren seriously . katie I have a friend who 's a girl . and I like it ! you can stay . lauren what ? katie uh , nothing . what time be it ? ( look at a clock ) whoa , it 's noon . we be so woman of the night . I be gonna go hand out some more flier I think . ooh , I almost forget . Katie run into she room and then return with a pink phone . katie ( cont 'd ) for you . you have earn it . lauren really ? I be touch . katie yup . but , do not forget . with great power , come great responsibility . ( beat ) I give it to you because you say I have a sexy ass ! int . katie and lauren 's apartment , kitchen - early evening lauren cook chicken in a pan while hold a pink phone to she ear . steam rise from the pan . 64 . lauren ( on the phone ) I be soooo hot for you , greg ... my breast be heaving . she poke the chicken breast and juice ooze from they . intercut with : int . political office - simultaneous harold alexander , 57 and gray , sit in he desk chair , in he fancy office . a american flag hang next to a picture of George W. Bush . a window look out at the Capital . he talk into the phone . harold ( on the phone ) I bet they be . be you grab they while you say the pledge ? say the pledge of allegiance , baby . lauren oh , I pledge . pledge to you giant hard flag . lauren can not believe she say that as paint sauce onto she chicken . harold it 's wave for you ! tell I , do you vote , delilah ? you do do not you ? how often do you vote for yourself ? lauren oh I vote all day every day . ( poke she chicken ) I vote so hard ! I have love to have you in my voting booth , harold . come in my voting booth ! just then , Katie walk in the door hold a shopping bag . lauren motion for she to be quiet and go back to the call . harold I think I be gonna pass a bill , delilah ! harold grab a copy of the bill of rights . lauren yeah you be ! make it a good one ! free healthcare for everyone ! 65 . harold be too close to realize that non-sexy statement . harold legislatiiiioooonnnnnn! lauren oh harold . it 's like the 4th of July ... you too . you have a great night then . call I back soon . bye bye ! lauren hang up the phone . she and Katie laugh . katie that seem ... patriotic . lauren well , I might not be quite as good as you on the phone , but I be learn . katie and I be not as good as you with the business stuff . but together , we be a great team . she hug lauren and hand she the shopping bag . lauren do you just hug I and give I a gift ? I be start to not know who you be anymore . katie I just come from the ATM and let I tell you , it be good . it be reeeaaal goood . that 's a present and I get one too . we be go out ! lauren but I cook dinner . katie and you be still boring . open it . lauren pull a beautiful purple purse from the bag . she 's ecstatic ! lauren let 's go out ! 66 . int . swanky lounge - that night jesse watch in awe while Katie and lauren be in a world for two laugh , dance , and wear fancy outfit . lauren brushes hair from Katie 's face . katie I like it in front because it cover up the bag under my eye from stay up all night . lauren you be the one that answer that 4:00 am call ! katie but you be so on . we could not -- jesse ( interrupt ) hello ? who be you and where be Jen and Angie ? katie who ? jesse aniston and jolie ? they hate each other . well , they should at least . nevermind . look , when you ( point to lauren ) call to go out I think ' Fine , lauren rarely leave the house after 8:00 pm , so I will go but I be not go to sit through a bitch fest about Katie . 's then , I arrive and find none other than you and Katie as fric and frac . you even have match purse ! I might have expect this from you ( point to lauren again ) but Katie , match purse ?! Katie and lauren look at they match purple purse which dangle from purse hook on they table . lauren we be friend now . jesse but you hate each other . 67 . katie and now we do not . I be think of order that mini-slider . ( to lauren ) if I get they , will you get the tuna roll and we will share ? lauren oooh , totally . with a side of fries ? Katie open she mouth to say '' yes . '' jesse something 's go on here . be that Rebecca minkhoff purse ? ( to lauren ) do not you lose you job a month and a half ago ? lauren nod . katie she get a great severance . jesse look at lauren who stare down at the ground . jesse I know someone who 's not a good liar . someone who hate lie . who think that with every lie , one bad thing happen in return . someone -- lauren we be run a phone sex line ! jesse 's shocked by lauren 's pride in that sentence . katie I can explain , ok ? jesse the sex for money suggestion be a joke ! lauren please do not think I be a whore . jesse a whore !? this be awesome ! tell I everything . katie I have be do it on and off since college . ( more ) 68 . katie ( cont 'd ) this one catch I one night and have since revolutionize the whole business . and let I tell you , she be good . lauren smile with pride . jesse be stump and impressed . jesse this be why you disappear the last month . I think you be in a deep depression . this be ... shocking . katie I know . I do not think little bo peep have it in she either ! lauren we should do a little bo peep call ! a whole thing with nursery rhyme ! jesse omg , this be crazy . who be you ? I want to write a book about it . what be the call like ? be they all so creepy ? lauren well , yes. 99 % of they be insane . katie but , the 1 % be not so bad . Katie grin . jesse 's interest be pique . lauren roll she eye . lauren will you stop talk about that guy ? he call a phone sex line . you can not like he . katie ( ignore she , to jesse ) he 's so funny and nice . I call he Big Dick Boy . jesse Big Dick Boy ? I like it ! katie his real name be Sean , and I really like talk to he . which I do almost every night . 69 . lauren he probably look like shrek and be a total deviant . jesse what kind of stuff be he into ? katie he like superhero movie , bike riding , watersport -- jesse he like when girl pee on he ? lauren or he like to pee on girl ? katie eww . no . he have a jet ski . jesse I mean , what be he into , sexually ? katie oh ... I can not tell you that . and we do not even have phone sex that much anymore ! we just catch up and he 's just so fun to talk to . lauren this be crazy . I have nothing leave to say about it . jesse this have you dead in a alley write all over it . katie we be just talk ! what 's the big deal ? lauren we just care , okay ? jesse okay , stop . I love you two together . look at the love between you former enemy ! a hot waiter come over . waiter do you wanna order some food ? 70 . jesse begin to order . Katie and lauren smile at each other and then shyly look down at they menus . int . katie and lauren 's apartment —- katie 's room - afternoon Katie roll around on she bed and laugh hysterically into the phone . intercut with : int . messy brooklyn apartment - simultaneous sean ( into the phone ) I be come , I be come ! katie ( into the phone ) no , you do not say that ! sean well , I have the pizza and the table be wait for they , so what else what I go to say ?! so , I be bring they over , everyone 's shouting , the opera guy be sing , and all of a sudden , I slip , and both pizza land right on I ! katie ( laugh ) well that do sound like a stressful day . let 's see what we can do to de -stress you . sean ( on the phone ) I like that . I actually have something in mind . katie you do , do you ? you want I to tell you what I be wear ? sean actually , I be think that I could see it ? katie what ? sean a couple of week ago you mention you live in NY . ( more ) 71 . sean ( cont 'd ) well , I assume you do because you say you like to see movie in Times Square . I live in Brooklyn . I do not want to freak you out or anything , so I do not tell you . but , I do not know , we get along so well on the phone , and we have not have phone sex in a week , but we still talk everyday . maybe we could meet up ? like maybe Friday ? Katie be silent . sean ( cont 'd ) please do not freak out . I be not crazy , I promise . even though I call you , I swear I be not psycho . we can meet in public . ( Katie 's still silent ) I be sorry . this be weird . I have ruin everything now . I should not have - katie okay . let 's do it . sean really ? you do not have - katie I want to . sean oh man , roxy , I can not wait to meet you . katie oh uh , yeah . my name 's Katie . int . katie and lauren 's apartment — afternoon lauren , in she pajamas , sit at the coffee table with she laptop . Katie sheepishly come out of she room . lauren that 's $ 3,537 for July . no ... for that two week in July . we be so rich ! should we call a lawyer ? wait , how long be that call you be just on ? 72 . katie I have a situation . remember last week when I mention that I kinda sorta talk to that guy a lot ? lauren the one that look like shrek who you be not suppose to talk to anymore ? katie we have a date on Friday night . lauren you have get to be joke ! katie no . he life in Brooklyn . I like he . lauren you can not go on a date with a guy who call phone sex line . that 's insane . no . over my dead body . or yours . which it will be after you go out with this murderer rapist . katie please ? I have not be on a date in 8 month . lauren okay . Fine . only if you do it my way . int . katie and lauren' apartment — live room - a little later that night lauren hold out a pair of tiny spanx ( a undergarment like bicycle short ) to Katie , who stand in she bra and underwear . lauren put this on . katie Way too small for I . it would never fit . lauren that 's the point ! he can never get this off . it 's rape-prevention wear and part of step one ! put it on . 73 . lauren thrust the biker short panty thing at Katie . it look like it would fit a barbie doll . Katie grumble and start ungracefully shove herself into it . lauren go into the kitchen and come back out hold a can of raid . lauren ( cont ’d ) step two : protective spray . katie he 's a human , not a roach . Katie yelp as she hop and fall from the halfway on spanx . lauren pull yourself together ! I do not have mace , so this be for you to put in you purse . if anything happen , spray this . right in he eye ! get it ? katie what the hell purse would that even fit in ? lauren pull out a giant land 's end tote bag . lauren you can borrow this . I have fill it already with some other stuff . Katie peek inside and see : a knife , scissors , glue , a small radio , and small pillow . katie uh , thanks . I guess . this will be great for the art and craft portion of we date . Katie finally get the underwear on . lauren pull out a pair of nail clipper from she own purse . lauren oh yeah , I do not have a swiss Army knife , but with this you could ... katie clip he nail ? lauren no . the sharp thing , just pull it out and poke he with it ! katie right in the cuticle ? 74 . lauren anywhere ! this be a risky move and I nil only allow it if you agree . katie okay , okay . gimme the clipper . Hell , put ’em in my tote bag . ( stand proudly in the spanx ) I be ready to survive date rape ! now , do I have to keep this on until Friday ? lauren no . Cause I will be there to chaperone . ext . NYC STREET - newstand - evening lauren and Katie hold up magazine in front of they face . lauren at first , maybe it be just phone sex , and then , over time , he become more and more obsessed . he clip you number from he phone bill every month and tape it on he wall . he make drawing of you and what you might look like . finally , he 's decide it 's time to kill you and have trick you into think it 's ok . katie you might be even scarier than he . Katie peek over the top of she magazine . she see two guy across the street at another newsstand . they also hold up magazine and Sean look over he and see Katie . Katie cover she face with she magazine . katie ( cont 'd ) ohmygod , ohmygod . he 's across the street . I just know it 's he . lauren really ? she peak over she magazine . and then hide again . lauren ( cont ’d ) I see he ! he 's on the move ! I be call 911 . 75 . lauren reach for she phone when Sean and joe , 28 walk up . sean hey , I be Sean . Katie put down she magazine and face Sean . she like what she see . lauren look down and notice he heavy black boot . she grab Katie . lauren he 's wear serial killer boot ! katie ( notice they ) oh , stop it . he 's cute . Katie rush back to Sean . lauren push she way in . katie ( cont 'd ) hey , sorry about that . lauren hi , I be lauren . Katie 's friend . sean hey , nice to meet you . ( to Katie ) you be so pretty . katie and you be ... not a serial killer ? right ? sean not in a few year ! lauren and Katie uncomfortably laugh . sean ( cont 'd ) kidding . so kid . lauren should we all go get some food ? katie ( whisper to lauren ) I can do this . I have the kit . lauren oh , I do not know if -- katie ( to Sean ) I be ready . 76 . and they be off . lauren be leave with Joe - who 's really not attractive and look unshower . joe wanna catch a movie ? she shuffles away . int . katie and lauren 's apartment , live room - night lauren sit on the couch , flipping through a magazine . she look restless , and rifle around . she spy a small wood BOX on the coffee table and cautiously open it . Inside be a half - smoke joint and a lighter . lauren stare at it and close the box . she go to get up and then open the box again , chuckle to herself . lauren oh , what the heck . lauren light the joint . she smoke . cough a little . smoke some more and then begin to grin . she move to the stereo and put on I wanna dance with somebody by whitney Houston . lauren set down the joint and grab she phone . int . barcade - brooklyn - that same night Katie and Sean play skeeball at the crowded and very cool bar / arcade . he get 100pt every roll ! katie wow ! you have get a strong arm . he hold a skeeball tightly . sean oh , nothing can escape this grip ! ( off Katie 's wide eye ) I use to play at the family fun Center every Friday and Saturday night grow up . I even win some tournament ! katie ( sarcastic ) weird that you have have to call up a phone sex line just to meet a girl . she smile . he love it . 77 . sean so maybe the lady be not as turn on by it as I would have hope ... listen , I know it 's weird that I call a phone sex line . this only make I more of a loser , but my high school girlfriend go to BU and I go to usc -- we have a lot of phone call and , you know . after we break up , it be just what I be use to . so I do it here and there when I be lonely . and then there be you . and you line feel safe . Cause some of that shit out there be nut . she wink and roll a ball . she get 20 point . sean ( cont 'd ) let I show you how it 's do . he walk over behind she and grab she hand that have a ball in it . he help she throw it . she get 50 ! they cheer ! int . katie and lauren 's apartment , lauren 's room - a little later lauren lay back on she bed in something frilly and sexy . she dial Charlie and wait . lauren ( on the phone ) hey , sexy . charlie ( on the phone ) hello ? lauren it 's I , lauren . I miss you . it 's be like 2 month . do not you miss I ? charlie oh , hey . you know , it 's awfully late here . I be sleep . lauren oh , do that mean you be in bed ? charlie yes , yes it do . 78 . lauren because I be in bed , too , Charlie . I be wear a sexy little pink teddy . it have a match thong . charlie you do not wear that . lauren I do now . but I could take it off if you like ? charlie ( weird out ) uh ... I , uh , really gotta get back to sleep , but I be glad you call . lauren you have to go ? be you kid ? I be just get start . charlie I have get a really early meeting . I ’1l1 call you soon though . bye . lauren stare at the phone , dumbfounded . ext . barcade - brooklyn - that same night Katie and Sean leave the bar laugh and have fun . she start head toward the subway . sean where ya go ? katie the subway ? sean but my car 's right here . Katie see it : it 's a dark window - less van . katie that 's ... yours ? sean ha ! I be kid . what be I ? a rapist ? katie no ! I do not say that , do I ? 79 . sean that 's mine over there . he point to a beat up Honda Civic . Katie exhales . int . sean 's car - moment later Sean move a large box of black trash bag , a rope , and video camera off the passenger seat for Katie to sit . sean sorry about all my stuff . Katie stare at the trash bag . katie whatcha puttin’ in that big boy ? sean I find that after I cut up my date , the trash bag make the clean up and disposal of they really easy . she freeze . sean ( cont 'd ) I be kid ! I be not a serial killer , or rapist , or strangler , or anything harmful , okay ? I make movie . not dirty one either . the bag darken room when we be try to make it night . katie oh man , I be sorry . lauren totally freak I out . I like you . sean I like you too . int . sean 's car / ext . katie and lauren 's apartment - that same night Katie and Sean make out in the car . it 's sweet and soft . they separate and look at each other . then , hungrily , he go back in for more . his hand start move around she back . he slide he hand around she waist and then start to move it up she shirt . that 's when Katie abruptly pull herself away . 80 . katie this be fun ! let 's hang out again soon ! she turn and run inside leave Sean dumbfounded . int . katie and lauren 's apartment , kitchen - a little later lauren sit with a musical keyboard on she lap . lauren he do not think I be sexy ? hmph ! she hit record and then moan repeatedly . she then press key and it play the sound back . lauren laugh to herself . Katie come run in the front door . lauren ( cont ’d ) look what I do ! lauren hit a bunch of key on the keyboard and a chorus of sexual noise play . she 's so proud and then notice Katie 's panicked face . lauren ( cont ’d ) ohmygod ! be he chase you ?! i’11l call the cop ! lauren reach for the phone , but Katie stop she . katie no ! no , stop . it be ... great . he 's so cool . and it be never awkward , I mean , it be the best date I ever have , until ... well , we be kissing . Katie crumple and put she head in she arm . lauren what ? do he rip my spanx ? katie no ... ( muffle ) I be a ... lauren werewolf ? katie virgin . 81 . lauren I be sorry , what ? Katie sit up . katie you hear I . lauren you be not serious . ( off Katie 's nod ) well I 'il be damned . since when ? ( Katie look at she ) I mean , why ? how ? katie so , I be at the mall have bourbon chicken with my sister when I be 13 . she tell I , do not have sex in high school . only slut do that . then , for you first time , just be in love . and after that , just have fun . and I be never ... in love . or no one be in love with I , I do not know . I create this whole fake slut thing cause I be embarrassed , and it get so out of control . and now , man just expect it and I clam up and ... I be scared now . that I will not be good at it . lauren but what about ... dripping hole clenches ? katie I be a sham , okay ?! I be all talk ! literally ! lauren take a deep breath . she sit down next to Katie . lauren if you have say you be a european princess I would have be less shocked . Katie whimper . lauren ( cont ’d ) oh , Katie . okay , you know what ? Tina fey lose she virginity at like 28 ! and , you be go to be great at sex . ( more ) 82 . lauren ( cont ’d ) trust I , if you body can keep up with you mouth , you will be mind - blow . and be in love when you do it ? that will only make it better . if Sean be a great guy he 'il wait , and it will be so much better than have you first time with just anyone . it will have be worth the wait . I be so ... proud of you . katie do you mom say that to you when you tell she you be a virgin ? lauren my mom do not even think girl should say the word vagina . katie I be such a loser . lauren listen ... you do not see yourself as a virgin at 28 . but I do not see myself as a phone sex operator , either , you know ? katie it be not exactly you dream . lauren exactly . but , I kinda like it . and what I be say be ... where we be now ... katie -..- be not that bad ? int . HOTEL conference room - day lauren , Katie and jesse stand around wear name tag . a large banner read : amherst literary luncheon . welcome grad ! a group of bitch cluster nearby , gab about themselves and eat cream puff . jesse it 's so good to see all this friendly amherst lit face . I can not wait to tell they I be work on my novel . have anyone see that guy Gary ? he 's get to be gay by now . 83 . katie I think you brilliant story about a young man in clown college who truly find himself after have a homo-erotic relationship with a acrobat will be misunderstand by this crowd . jesse you be right . it 's too layer . lauren look distract . she wave to audrey , a late - 20 's fellow amherst grad , from across the room . audrey come over . lauren shit . she 's come over . she probably think I work at penguin by now and can help she network . katie well , she 's in for a real fuck surprise , be I right ? Katie do a motion where she mime talk on the phone while suck a penis . lauren laugh and relax . lauren yeah , you be right . I be very successful . I be go to be honest and just ... rock she world . jesse this oughtta be good . audrey squeal and throw she arm around lauren . audrey lauren Powell ! I have not see you at one of this luncheon in two year ! this be fantastic . lauren nod and step back , but audrey hold both of she hand , a little too intimately . lauren what be you up to this day ? audrey oh , you will never believe it . I work at the Paris Review . I just have lunch last week with augusten Burrows . audrey continue to hold lauren 's hand in hers while she talk , now wave both they arm up and down . 84 . audrey ( cont 'd ) could you die ? could you just die ? lauren die a little inside and snatch she hand back . lauren I have actually leave publishing for now . ( drop she voice ) there 's just no money in it . audrey ( super judgey ) oh , I see . that 's sad . audrey 's judgement make lauren lose a little confidence . katie audrey , be it ? I be Katie steele . do you remember I ? audrey I think so . what be you up to now ? Katie look to lauren . lauren nervously smile . katie lauren and I run a phonesex business . we have get a hot line that ring off the hook and we customer could not be more fulfil . they usually jizz in under 10 minute . we have a Excel spreadsheet with average call time . lauren do it . she 's so smart . beat . audrey you be kid , right ? lauren find she word . lauren actually , it 's just a more modern form of storytelling . we be about to make we first tv commercial . you know , cable access kind of thing . keep you eye open for it ! audrey ( so fake ) wow . I would have think you have be run random House or something . ( more ) 85 . audrey ( cont 'd ) thing change I guess , right ? how wonderful for you . lauren yup . I get to spend the day with my best friend . and make a shit load of money ! she put she arm around Katie , which surprise Katie . audrey just nod and walk away . Katie be touch by what lauren say . lauren smile , but watch audrey go - think about what she say . she 's in she own world , while -- jesse you be shoot a commercial ? katie Hell yeah , we be . Sean shoot thing ! jesse like people ? katie shut up . int . lauren and katie 's apartment bathroom - night Sean angle the camera to focus on lauren , who be in a bubble bath , look very unhappy and wear a wig that cover most of she face . Katie , san wig , stand by in slutty lingerie . she lean over to put lip gloss on lauren . lauren unbelievable . katie oh come on , you look fantastic ! sean you be a natural . lauren cover she nipple with she hand . katie yeah , that 's it , push they together . you have get a great rack . sean okay , we be roll . lauren , just say you line . or ad lib . just go for it . 86 . lauren cock she head so she wig hide half she face . lauren have a slow night ? why not get thing warm and ... bubbling hot ? I can help you climax . you 'il erupt like ... like a volcano . int . katie 's bedroom - later Katie be on all four and wiggling she butt . Sean and lauren , now in a towel exchange look . sean maybe a little less gyrate . lauren a lot less . katie Fine ! but I be waste my talent here . I be ready . sean Rolling . katie 1-900-mmm-hmmm . we be right here wait for you to dial we up . you can dial we up all . night. Long . Katie lick she lip with fervor . she fan herself with she hand and lick they again . lauren try not to laugh and Sean elbow she . she signal Katie to continue . katie ( cont 'd ) what be you wait for ? just put you finger right on the button and press . oh yessss . Press that button for I so we can be together . Press it now . l- oh yess —900 - mmmmmm - hmmm ! sean Jesus . I do not know whether I be turn on or terrify . lauren I either . 87 . int . lauren and katie 's apartment , kitchen - a little later Katie and lauren now wear only apron and high heel . in front of they be a bowl of whipped cream and a pile of cherries . Sean hang behind the camera . lauren mmm , I love a nice bowl of cream . do not you ? katie would you like to taste my cherry ? sean like anyone would believe you be a virgin , kitten . Sean chuckle . lauren and Katie share a look . lauren pat Katie 's arm . katie sweet and creamy . I love a late night treat that fill I up . Katie lick the cream off she fingertip and reach for the phone . lauren do you night get long and hard ? let 's talk about we delicious fantasy together . close up : Katie 's finger touch the key on the phone sexily while she speak . katie 1-900-mmm-hmmm . ask for I , tasty cake . lauren or for I , sweet Lady luck . Sean look in the lense and then up at they . sean and cut ! I ... gotta go to the bathroom . int . katie and lauren 's apartment , katie 's room - evening Katie and Sean kiss on the bed . it be very passionate . Katie pause . 88. sean be this okay ? katie here 's the thing . I have never ... sean what ? have sex with a serial killer ? katie no . or with anyone . ever. except on the phone . but I want to . with you . right now . really . Sean be shocked . sean well that 's a surprise . the best surprise ever . be you sure ? she kiss he . int . katie and lauren 's apartment — lauren 's room — continuous lauren edit the commercial footage on she computer . she crack herself up . her cell phone ring . it read : Mom and dad , but lauren 's do not notice . she answer on speaker phone . lauren ( on the phone ) 1-900 - mmm -hmmm ? intercut with : int . lauren 's parent long island house - simultaneous Scott be in the kitchen on the phone . scott ( on the phone ) oh , I must have the wrong number . lauren shoot to attention and look at the caller id . lauren dad ! wait ! sorry about that . ( cover ) that 's just a joke Katie and I have when we answer the phone sometimes . scott I see . funny ! Mom 's get on . 89 . adele ( on the phone ) do you get the check we send ? scott you never cashed it , sweetheart . lauren yes , I get it . no , I be not cash it . I do not want you money . I be 28 year old remember ? scott we see you email about random House call you in again tomorrow . that 's great ! adele let I call Diane 's daughter for you , so we can make sure it happen this time ! lauren no , that 's okay . I be do okay this summer all on my own . I think I be gonna go to the interview . adele you think ?! but it 's random House ! lauren I know . but , I have change a bit . what I want now be different . and that 's ok . I just want to figure it out by myself , ok ? scott Fine , fine . you will do it on you own . this be always you dream . lauren look to Katie 's wall and be fill with guilt . lauren yeah . it be . hey , I gotta go . scott we might stop into the city tomorrow . lauren sure . sound great . Love you . bye . lauren hang up before they can say another word . 90 . int . katie and lauren 's apartment — katie 's room - continuous Sean and Katie make out . he take off she top . he move toward she panty and she flinch . sean here , you lay back . relax , I have a idea . Sean fumble around on the night stand . in the meantime , Katie 's phone ring . sean ( cont 'd ) ( over he shoulder ) grab it . i’1ll just be a sec . katie ( on the phone ) hello ? sean ( on the phone ) it 's I . Sean turn around and we see he be on the phone . Katie giggle . katie well , this be silly . sean I think it might be just what we need . to get back to we root . tell I what you be feel . Sean reach he hand down , seemingly to Katie 's panty . Katie moan into the phone , this time for real . katie that feel really nice . just like I imagine it . do you ... like that ? sean ohhhh , yeah . I like that . I like that a lot . Katie and Sean lock eye . they start kissing again , but still hold they phone to they ear . sean ( cont 'd ) you feel so good . I have be want this since the first time I hear you voice . Sean roll on top of Katie . gl . katie it 's what I have want , too ! and you be so hard and you be ... inside of I ! sean yes . yes . I be ! Katie and Sean toss they phone away and wrap they arm around each other . int . katie and lauren 's apartment - lauren 's room —- morning lauren , in gym clothes , peek out she door and see Katie at the kitchen table . she shut she door again and take a beautiful interview suit off a hanger . she begrudgingly shove it in she gym bag and walk out the door . int . katie and lauren 's apartment - kitchen - continuous Katie , with full bed head , eat a bowl of frosted flake . lauren enter carry the bag . katie hey , what 's in the bag ? lauren ( uncomfortable ) uhm , I be go to the gym . katie yeah , you ass be get fat . lauren laugh and head to the door . she pause and turn around . lauren hey ... I have something I want to say . katie great ! Cause I have something I wanna say ! lauren okay . I first . I just want you to know that I love what I be do . this have be the best summer of my life . I love we business . and ... I love you . you be awesome , Katie . you be my best friend . ( beat ) ( more ) 92 . lauren ( cont 'd ) I be really sorry about kick you out of my car and into scarytown . katie I do urinate in you new car . lauren there be a bump ! katie thank you ! ( laugh ) I do not know why I be such a jerk to you either . I just do not think you know how to have fun . lauren I have have my lame moment . but you just be so crazy all the time ! katie I fear normalcy . and maybe take that to a extreme . lauren yeah ... katie should we hug or something ? lauren yeah . let 's hug . both laugh and awkward , the girl hug . katie ( seriously ) I love you too , Earth girl . they separate . katie ( cont 'd ) okay , my turn ! I have sex with Sean last night ! lauren what ! ? katie I know ! let I tell you , owww at first , but then ... outta this world ! 93 . lauren yay ! this be so fantastic . I want to hear more detail , but I have to go . we will celebrate tonight at we little premiere party ! katie oh , I have get detail . like , why do they stuff just run right out when you be do ? and it 's so warm ! who know that !? lauren ( laugh ) I know . okay , we will talk more later . she move to the door . katie have fun at the gym ! make sure they be still get my monthly donation . asshole . lauren ( hesitant ) thanks . int . katie and lauren 's apartment , live room - day Katie stand precariously on a chair as she hang dildo streamer . behind she , a banner make of thongs say , '' we did it ! '' the phone ring . Katie hop off the chair . katie ( on the phone ) hi , jesse . jesse ( on the phone ) who 's go to eat my famous bean dip while watch she phone sex commercial premiere tonight ? katie I be ! I be ! jesse that 's right . hey , be lauren back ? katie no . she probably get suck into yoga or something . 94 . jesse yoga ? katie yeah . she 's at the gym . jesse uh , sure . right . the gym . katie what ? be you act weird ? jesse no . no , nothing . a seed have be plant in Katie 's head . there 's a knock at the door . katie someone 's here . gotta go . Katie hang up and think for a moment about what jesse say . then , she open she front door to reveal Scott and Adele . int . random house office - afternoon lauren sit in she wrinkly suit in front of Rachel rodman . rachel rodman I be so glad you come in again . we have some open position now , and I have not be able to stop think about you last interview . hey , how 's you roommate 's phone sex line ? lauren look catch . rachel rodman ( cont ’d ) you know , my husband start travel a lot and I do not know much about phone sex . do you ever overhear anything you roommate say ? lauren uncomfortably smile . int . katie and lauren 's apartment , live room - a little later Katie bring out a few glass of ice tea on a tray , hand shaking , to Scott and Adele . Scott sit on the couch as Adele nose around . 95 . katie ( flustered ) it 's just so nice to finally meet you . you daughter be lovely and amazingly well - parent . she 's the only honest person in this city ! Scott beam and take a ice tea off the tray . adele we be very proud of lauren . it really be a amazing apartment , and that key - katie ( beam ) to the park ! I know . that 's what sell we , too . Adele glide around the room , stop at the musical keyboard and punch a few key -- one elicit a small moan , the next be panting , the third key have the soundbyte , '' ohhhhh yessss ! '' " all in lauren 's voice ! Scott turn toward the noise and spill he tea on he khakis . katie ( cont 'd ) stoop sale . Adele nod , as if that explain it . int . random house office - continuous lauren encourage Rachel who hold a phone to she ear . lauren you can do it . just say it . rachel rodman dripping ! hole ! clench ! lauren that be really good . rachel rodman wow that feel great . really great . so I have this job open for you . when can you start ? int . katie and lauren 's apartment — live room - continuous Katie run off at the mouth . Scott and Adele be freak out . 96 . katie we be not best friend in college , but now - I mean , she 's like a sister to I . and that make you guy my parent , too ! Mom , dad ? should we hug ? Adele and Scott share a look . adele do you know when lauren will be back ? scott ( gesture at the '' congratulation '' banner ) it 's great that you be already prepare to celebrate ! we be sure she 's go to land that job , too ! Katie freeze . katie job ? scott random House have always be she dream . we know they have call she back in . I be sure she interview must be do by now . it click in Katie 's head . adele this whole morty thing work out for the best . New apartment , new job , and I be sure a new boyfriend be around the corner . lauren just need a fresh start . Katie cross she arm over she chest and fake a smile . katie oh , she will get a fresh start alright . ext . katie and lauren 's apartment — evening lauren , all light up and back in she gym clothes , skip up the step to the apartment while hold a cake box . she look down and smile at it through its cellophane window . it 's in the shape of two phone humping each other . 97 . int . katie and lauren 's apartment - a little later lauren throw open the door , once again clad in gym clothes . she hold a cake box triumphantly . lauren honey , I be hoooooome ! ( notice she parent ) oh , whoa . hi guy . Adele move to hug lauren . Katie force a smile on the couch . scott hi , sweetheart ! how be the interview ? katie yeah , how be it , princess ? adele ( note lauren 's outfit ) I be assume you do not wear this to random House ? lauren take a deep breath , set the cake on the table . Adele peek at it -- the cake have two phone humping one another and say , '' we fucking did it ! '' Adele be confuse . katie it 's a little casual , do not you think ? I mean , for such a dream job - lauren I , uh , have to drop by the gym , too . I wear a suit , Mom . scott I love this place ! but let 's get over to sarabeth 's , you favorite . I want to buy you and this lovely Katie lunch and hear all about it . lauren look to Katie , terrify . Katie grab she jacket . katie do tell . int . sarabeth 's restaurant - a little later a bottle of champagne sit on the table . lauren peek over she menu to look at Katie , who be clearly about to blow . 98 . adele do you tell they about all the book you work on for morty ? lauren yes . of course I do . scott I be sure you will hear back in 48 hour . I just have a good feel . katie ( sarcastic , to lauren ) this must be so overwhelming . lauren nod and gulp from she champagne glass . Scott wait , I would like to make a toast ! to my wonderful daughter , who , five year after amherst , have finally blossom into the young woman she always want to be . Adele raise she glass to lauren . Katie tap they glass a little too hard with she own . lauren dad , stop . we , uh , do not want to jinx it . scott Fine . Katie , I do not know if we know what you do . advertise be it ? katie well , Scott , thank you for ask . actually , lauren and I -- lauren we be just talk about Katie 's career path actually . she 's think of change career . adele that 's wonderful . lauren give great advice . what be you consider ? lauren actually , it 's complicated -- 99 . katie I think you have never ask . I have actually be do something with lauren this summer that I just love and have make we both so happy . ( to lauren ) it be '' the best summer of you life '' be it not ? lauren try to talk , but Katie stop she . katie ( cont 'd ) oh , I x11 tell they . I tell it better . lauren 's eye go wide , plead for mercy . Katie just steam roll ahead . lauren try to stop she , but can not . katie ( cont 'd ) she 's so modest . what a head for business on this one ! you see , I use to work for this crappy phone sex line . do not worry , I be a virgin , not some sexual deviant -- but it entail pretty flaccid profit , if you know what I mean . then lauren help I launch my very own phone sex hotline ! well , it 's ours now , be not it ? Business be booming . we very first tv commercial air tonight on Channel 47 . it 's tasteful , I promise . and thing really could not be better ! Scott be you serious ? adele lauren ? lauren breath heavy . she 's panicked . lauren I can explain . ( to Katie ) first , I think you should go . katie ( sweetly ) but I be not finish with my cordon bleu . best friend . 100 . lauren ( piss ) I should have never move in with you . you irrational lunatic . you have ruin everything ! Katie stand up , angrily . while take she purse off its hook on the table she snag the table cloth and some of the glass spill . it 's a whole scene . katie I be a lunatic . great . it 's be a pleasure . thanks for lunch . ( to lauren ) this be why I ’m not friend with girl ! Katie storm off and leave lauren alone with she parent . ext . sarabeth 's restaurant — continuo Katie walk past the front of the restaurant . lauren can not see she , but Katie look longingly at she . lauren 's head be hang and she hand be over she face . Katie wipe away a quick tear and resume she angry strut down the street . int . sarabeth 's restaurant - continuo lauren pull she hand from she face and take a deep breath . lauren you know what , guy ? I be ... not apologize for this . not this one . I have not make a wrong move since I stop sleep in a crib . Scott open he mouth as if to speak . lauren ( cont ’d ) ( put she hand up ) hear I out . I have do everything exactly right , not just for you , but for I . I think that be who I be . but ... this be who I be . I do just have the best summer of my life . it be fun . my idea make this business better and that mean more to I than all the a 's I get in school . when I work for morty , I be bored , Mom . ( more ) 101 . lauren ( cont ’d ) I keep think it would get more fun or more challenging if it be random House , but the truth be , I do not want to sit next to a stack of bad manuscript all day . if I have learn anything from all this , it 's that I have no idea what the hell I want ! but for right now , I want to run a phonesex line with my best friend . who I think be really hurt right now because I snuck to a job interview behind she back and lie to she . and do not say anything mean about Katie , dad . she 's so earnest and funny and alive and -- adele I think she be fun ! scott ( scratch he chin ) this be just a shock , lauren . I be not sure what to say . you do not want the job at random House if they offer it to you ? lauren they offer it to I this morning . I turn they down . I want to tell you , not like this , but ... this be the right thing for now . I be happy . adele that 's all we care about , right Scott ? ( Scott kinda nod ) so , you be more of a business manager , you be not actually a phone sex operator , be you ? the creepy waiter drop the check on the table . he nod knowingly at lauren , who blushes she answer . int . katie and lauren 's apartment - live room - continuous half of lauren 's belonging have be throw into the live room . Katie dump a pile of lauren 's clothes when lauren walk in the door . lauren I understand why you be upset . but I tell my parent everything . ( more ) 102 . lauren ( cont 'd ) let I explain to you . I do not mean what I say back there . katie ( lose it ) I can not believe I fall for you lie ! you be such a bad liar ! lauren I be sorry . I be afraid you would flip out -- katie oh , I be go to flip out ! why would you lie to I ? why do you need another job ? do I not provide for you ? do I not give you '' the best summer of you life ? '' mmmhmm ? lauren feel bad . lauren oh , man . ok . I just feel like I have to go to the interview , it be random House ! it 's be my dream to work there , but then -- katie but then , what ?! you decide you could sow you royal oat with I for a summer and then go back to you perfect little life when the opportunity knock ?! lauren no. come on , you be act crazy . katie yeah ! I be ! crazy to ever move in with you ! you with you perfect little sheet , and you pink toothbrush , and you sitcom parent on the phone at the same time ! lauren hey ! do not you insult my parent ! katie be that the best you get ? lauren do not make I do this . 103 . katie oh you do it , cinderella ! lauren try to hold it in , but it rise to the surface . lauren Fine ! you whole life 's a mess ! always have be ! you be such a fake ! you lie about you fake job ! you lie about you experience ! always push you sex and you confidence - what a lie ! you be messy , you be dirty , and you be a lose soul who have lose she mind ! that be , if you ever have one ! katie I have lose my mind ? please ! you be the one who life in candy land where everything be perfect ! look at you , up there on you pedestal look down on I . you have always think you be better than I and everyone ! you think you can teach I about sex ?! without I , you have be stick in the missionary position forever ! lauren well at least I do not do everything in my power to be different ! katie well at least I do not do everything in my power to be boring and the same as everyone ! lauren you wish you be a whore ! katie you be such a judgemental bitch ! they be both seethe mad . lauren you know what ? I do not have to take this . you be insane . just take you stripper pole and shove that inside you ! Katie be shocked by that one . she walk over to the stripper pole and dislodge it . she start swinging it around and walk toward lauren like a mad woman . 104 . katie oh , you mean this stripper pole ? she swing it toward lauren 's head . lauren scream and grab a large dildo that happen to be on the coffee table on a stack of napkin like a paper weight . she swing it at Katie . katie ( cont 'd ) you spoiled whore ! whoosh ! the pole whizze by lauren 's head . lauren you lunatic cunt ! smack ! lauren hit Katie in the arm with the rubbery dildo . katie ow ! Mary poppin ! lauren ( swing again ) Lindsay lohan ! Katie use the pole as if she be a ninja - which she 's clearly not . lauren ( cont ’d ) watch where you be swinging that thing ! she flail around with the dildo . katie you watch where you be swinging that thing ! liar ! lauren why should I listen to you ? without I , you would still be a virgin , who 's stupid enough to run up she cell phone bill for $ 2 a minute ! Katie stop in she track . lauren stop too - mid-dildo swing . katie you know , since you think I be so stupid , I do not even know why you be still here . lauren what ? katie ever since college , you have always think you be better than I . so go take you perfect dream job at random House , and go live you perfect little life . lauren take a beat . lauren ( almost sad ) you really want I to leave ? katie no , I do not want you to leave . I be make you leave . this be my apartment . lauren what ? no it 's not . it 's ours . katie yes . it be . that day I turn in the lease , they have give we the wrong one . I resign the right one with only my name . so it 's actually my apartment . please leave . now. enjoy Long Island . 105 . lauren look at Katie . they be both hurt , but with all that 's be say , it 's too late now . lauren Fine . I judge you . and maybe I think I be better than you . but today , you have make I realize one thing : I be . lauren set the dildo down and march to the door . it and stand in the doorway . lauren ( cont ’d ) I hope that last night , when you lose you precious virginity ... you get crab . have fun on staten Island . you ’1ll never be able to maintain the business without I . she open and , she 's go . Katie stand there alone , angry , and hurt . 106 . int . jesse 's apartment - night lauren pout on the couch , while jesse make tea . the phone ring . jesse ( on the phone ) hello ?... hey , you ... she might be here . no , that 's not why I be not come ! I have ... pink eye ... I think you guy need to talk about it . lauren jump up and take the phone from he and hang it up . lauren unstable bitch . int . katie and lauren 's apartment , live room - later that night Katie scowl next to Sean on the couch . on screen , the commercial play . Katie be sad while she watch lauren 's scene . int . jesse's apartment - simultaneous lauren sit next to jesse on he couch also watch the commercial . she look away when Katie be on the screen . int . scott and adele 's live room - simultaneous Scott and Adele watch the commercial on tv and be shocked . int . katie and lauren 's apartment -— live room - simultaneous the commercial end . Katie frown and flip the tv off . sean well , I think it 's awesome ! look at that camera work ! you phone 's gonna ring off the hook ! Katie shrug and get up and tear down some decoration . katie yeah . I will have more business than ever and no one to help take the call . she 's right . I can not do the business stuff . ( more ) 107 . katie ( cont 'd ) I be gonna go start pack . ever take the staten Island ferry ? Sean try to hug she , but Katie huff off . montage ( music up ) : - Katie be in she half pack bedroom on a phone sex call . katie ( on the phone ) ( cont 'd ) ( mildly enthusiastic ) sure , just flip I over and do I from behind . no , really , I like it . intercut with : int . prison - simultaneous a inmate in a orange jumper be at a pay phone in prison . inmate ( on the phone ) can you be a little more enthusiastic ? this be my one phone call . she see lauren through she crack door put she key on the counter . lauren , hold a box , leave without look toward Katie 's door . katie what ? oh , yeah , I be cumming . sure . - lauren sit at she desk at random house . a intern drop a huge stack of manuscript on she desk . - Katie fight she way through the crowd outside bloomingdale . two girl with huge brown bag chatter excitedly while cut lauren off . she purposely knock into they with some force . katie ( cont 'd ) Excuse I ! -lauren be at the counter at starbucks . it 's the same barista . starbucks barista where 's you friend ? lauren I do not know who you be talk about . 108 . - Katie sit at the kitchen table in she apartment with Sean . she have a starbuck cup in front of she that read '' fuck this '' and a box of donut sit between they . sean do not worry , you will find another roommate . I could always move in ? katie yeah ... we be not there yet . I be just get comfortable with you not be a murderer . she grab a donut and take a bite . - lauren and jesse be at a restaurant have brunch , but be both on they laptop . lauren type a email . it read : to : katie.steele@gmail.com Katie , I be not really sure what to say , but I miss she stop type and shut she laptop . - Katie be on the phone in she almost pack bedroom . katie ( on the phone ) ( cont 'd ) a 2 -on - 1 ? oh , sorry , we do not do that anymore ... um , I guess for about three week ?... you can still just talk to I ... hello ? Katie hang up . she get up and walk out of she room . she open the door to lauren 's bedroom . she stare at the empty space . end montage ext . swanky office build in midtown - afternoon lauren , in a trench coat , wait outside a office building . then , Charlie walk out . lauren step out in front of he . lauren there you be ! charlie whoa. lauren . hi. they hug awkwardly . she smile . 109 . lauren wanna get a drink ? int . lounge - a little later that night lauren and Charlie chat comfortably at a bar . lauren I push open the door and there she be ! fully clothed , jump up and down with the phone to she ear ! charlie you must have lose it ! lauren oh , I do . Big time . but then , all my plan for take over for morty , and find something else to go along with my plan , just fall to shit . and I could not stop think about you say we be boring , so , I do it . and , you know what ? I be kinda awesome at it . charlie and that phone call in Italy be ... lauren I guess I think that I could phone sex you back into love with I . charlie ( touch she hand ) lauren ... lauren I feel like I finally figure out that it 's okay to not have a plan all the time . not everything have to perfect and tie up with a bow . Katie make I realize that . right before she lose she mind and kick I out . charlie I be sorry . really . lauren no . if this ( gesture to he and she ) do not end the way it do , I would have never have this summer . ( more ) lauren ( cont 'd ) so , thank you . I be sorry for throw thing at you head . the check be set down between they . Charlie grab it . charlie I get it . ( wink ) you can pay I back with a phone call later . ext . time square - a little later that night lauren and Charlie stroll through Times Square . lauren well I be so afraid she be go to get rape , I make she wear my spanx ! charlie you Mrs. doubtfire underpant ? ( do impression ) heelllooooo ! lauren yes ! oh man , what a crazy bitch . if you have tell four month ago I that I have say this , I would not believe it , but ... I miss she . charlie I miss you . Charlie stop and look at lauren . she stop too . lauren I miss you too . you be my best friend . 110 . they look like they might kiss . then , lauren extend she hand for a shake . lauren ( cont ’d ) Friends ? charlie definitely . he take she hand and then pull she in for a hug . a fat dude come up to they with a flier . 111. fat dude you like comedy ? lauren spin around . lauren what ? fat dude do you like comedy ? fat guy hold out a flier , like a olive branch . emotion fill lauren 's face . lauren yes . yes , I do . lauren turn to Charlie . charlie go . go to you new best friend . she start to run . lauren ( to Charlie ) I 'il call you , okay ? and you x11 just have to wait to see what kind of call it be ! charlie I will be sit by the phone ! he smile . she smile back and then turn and run downtown . she push past people , jump in front of taxi . she pull out she phone and dial Katie . int . katie and lauren 's apartment , lauren 's room - continuous Katie sit on the floor in lauren 's empty room . she wear the sweater lauren sexy - talk she into buy . sinead o’conner 's nothing compare 2 U play from she laptop . her cell phone ring , but she do not look over . ext . midtown new york - continuous lauren race down the street . lauren oh , come on . answer ! 112. Katie 's voicemail pick up . lauren redial the phone . int . katie and lauren 's apartment , lauren 's room - continuous Katie sing along to the music . her cell phone ring again , but she just wallow . then , the pink phone ring . Katie sigh and answer . katie mmm-hmmm ? lauren it 's I . do not hang up ! katie do you have a credit card I can bill for this call ? otherwise I need to hang up . lauren ( out of breath ) Katie . stop . I make a huge mistake , okay ? I never mean to hurt you , I do not mean any of that horrible thing I say to you before . you be the best thing that ever happen to I ! I have no idea how lose I be until you find I . and I be so sorry . you be better than I , okay !? you be my best friend . you be my person ! Katie be silent , shocked . a tear roll down she cheek . ext . new york CITY sidewalk - continuous lauren wait for Katie to say something back . she look nervous , but keep run down the street . lauren I love you . and I be ... I be out of breath because , oh god , you have be run through my mind all day and I be come ! int . katie and lauren 's apartment — continuous Katie look up , shocked . 113 . katie you be come ? to I ? when ? lauren soon . I be close . I want to do this with you ! please let I come inside ! Katie think for a moment and then jump up . katie come inside ! come inside ! you know what ? I be come too ! she run out of the room . ext . new york CITY sidewalk - continuous lauren round the corner , past gramercy Park . she 's on the block before the apartment ! lauren I be close ! I be close ! int . katie 's apartment build - continuous Katie bound down the stair . katie ( 0.s. ) here I come ! this feel so good ! Katie run faster . as she approach the exterior of the building , Katie bound outside and hurl herself into lauren 's arm . katie ( cont 'd ) oh my gosh , you be sweaty . lauren I could not get here fast enough ! I feel terr -- katie wait . I be sorry too . when I find out about the job , I just feel so insecure about we . and I should have trust you . I should not have just freak out like that and tell you parent . I lose my mind , okay ? 114 . lauren I be quit random House tomorrow , okay ? it suck compare to what we do . but yes , you be nut ! katie I swing a metal pole at you face and I be terrible and you be right about I ! lauren no , I be not . I be mean . I really do not think that thing , okay ? katie ok . I do not mean what I say either . except you do really live in candyland sometimes . but it 's ok ! ( notice the trench ) wait , what be you wear ? lauren I just see Charlie . and I think maybe I have show he how I grow over the summer , so ... lauren throw open she trench coat to reveal she sexy bra and panty underneath . katie you go outside like this ! you be so fuck cool . I have so much to tell you ! I think I might try anal ! lauren oh my ! katie you wanna move back in ? I think we can still keep the place . lauren please ? jesse be about 2 day away from kick I to Long Island . he 's such a boy . the girl hug again . they make they way inside the building . katie thank god , because word must have get around about we 2 - on - 1 's and I have have to turn down so many . we should charge triple for that , do not you think ? 115 . int . warehouse - afternoon - three month later audrey , from the amhearst luncheon sit in a leopard print cubicle while on the phone . she read from a Jane austen novel . audrey ( on the phone ) ' it be a truth universally acknowledge , that a single man in possession of a good fortune , must be in want of a wife . 's now spank that meat , and pull my corset tight ! my bosom heave for you ! next to she cubicle be a zebra print cubicle in which jesse sit . jesse ( on the phone ) yeah , put it in my ass ! he be beyond excited about this . lauren and Katie walk past the cubicle . they give a thumb up to audrey and jesse as they head to a office . lauren who know there be such a big market for that two ? they enter the office and close the door . on the door be a sign that say : '' 1-900 - mmm -hmm . '' fade to black . the end over the end credit , we see morty , charlie , hank , professor rainey , scott , and the starbucks barista on phone sex call .