lake placid written by David E. Kelley May 6 , 1998 full pink draft over black we hear the distant but near melodic cry of a loon . slowly fade in to : ext . black lake - night the loon continue its hypnotic call , as the steamy mist lift off the dark water , which do not even ripple . the loon continue she nocturnal cry , as we savor the beauty of the lake , the elegance of the bird , and the haunt echo of she lonely call ... until suddenly the bird be crisply pull under , silence forever . a lone feather surface and float as : credit roll over the black lake to richie haven sing " I can see clearly now . " then -- over black keough ( o.s. ) and they pay you for this ? to tag beaver ? walt ( o.s. ) imagine . as we fade in a face come into focus from underwater . it be the face of walt lawson ( Maine Fish and game ) look down from a boat . ext . lake - day next to he be sheriff hank keough , paunch , disposition of a untipped waiter . keough ask I , what a animal do in the wild be he own business so long as he do not do it to man . I think Mark twain say that . walt ( dry ) I think he do not . but since you have say it , I guess we be cover . keough hold a stare . Walt drop overboard . keough pull a twinkie from he pocket . begins to unwrap . ext . new york - museum of natural history int . museum - day find kelly scott , pretty , thirty , as kevin campbell , forty , approach . kevin Kelly . kelly ( warmly ) Kevin , hey . she beam affection , he exude a little discomfort . kevin hi. listen . could I steal you a second ? kelly ( great idea ) absolutely . int . kevin' office - day they enter on the CUT , he close the door . kevin I have a great time last night . again . kelly I too . reading he look , she suddenly smell it . her face drop . kelly ( cont 'd ) ( deduce ) that 's not what you come to say . kevin you work for I . I be not comfortable with -- y'know , " we " ... she 's a little crush . kelly I be work for you when " we " start , what 's -- kevin I know and I think I could handle it but work and pleasure along with somebody else , it 's a dangerous mix . kelly Kevin , as long as we ... ( suddenly ) what be that last part ? kevin ( sheepish ) the somebody else part ? kelly yeah , that part . there 's ... somebody who 's um ... kevin ( feel terrible ) else . a beat . kelly ( cover ) oh. oh . that 's okay . well . this uh ... this probably be not mean to be , y'know . I mean , I be ... God , I gotta be ten year young and you , you ... you be y'know ... kevin ( read she mind ) a jerk . kelly ( you have no idea ) oh ... ( then ) no , no , I be not angry I be not , I be just throw , I be ... ( check she watch ) I actually have a early lunch , so ... kevin it 's ten after nine . kelly yes , well ... ( smile ) famish . and she rush out of the room . off Kevin , we : CUT to : ext . underwater - day Walt dive down , visibility be lousy . whether it 's alga or dense vegetation , the water be extremely murky . ext . lake - continuous keough unwrap the second twinkie . ext . underwater - continuous Walt continue to swim . he p.o.v . not much to look at . then suddenly ... no , just a snap turtle swim away . Walt descend a little deeper . he love it beneath the water , there 's a tranquility he can find nowhere else . next best thing to meditation . suddenly , he stop kick . he eye focus a black water snake , it must be almost three foot in length . resume Walt flipper himself closer , want a closer look . the snake seem unimpress . then suddenly , the snake lunge at he , miss . shit . Walt 's look say " what the fuck ? " a beat . then the snake swim off . Walt relax . a beat . but then ... he look around , uneasy . he get this feel he 's not alone down there . look about , nothing but murky water . but he 's not alone , we can feel he 's not alone . he look leave , right ... then ... four snake , swim , hover , look back at he . what 's with this snake ? Walt decide he will go back to the boat . then ... boom . something hit he ... and it 's no snake . ext . boat - continuous keough . oblivious . wait . suddenly -- Walt come thrust up with a scream ! walt sheriff !! and Walt be promptly yank back under . keough hey ! upon which Walt surface . he swim frantically for a beat before he 's suddenly yank under again . then he surface , thrashing as keough speed over with the boat . he take hold of he and pull he on board . actually ... what 's leave of he . there 's nothing below the waist . Walt be just a bleed torso , though still conscious . keough ( cont 'd ) ( go into shock ) Jesus Christ . angle walt remaining hand clenching around keough 's arm . angle walt face he know he 's do . off keough 's continue horror , we : CUT to : black and white a dinosaur ( T - rex ) be angry and out for blood . reveal int . movie theater - day we be watch a old classic creature feature . find Kelly alone , slowly eat popcorn , rapt , tense ... watch the movie . as the suspense build , she hand freeze halfway between the popcorn bag and she mouth . angle the screen the monster pursue its human victim . angle kelly fear on she face . angle the screen the monster make its final surge , capture its prey . angle kelly as she scream with fear and delight . her scream be only partially mute by the shriek of the other moviegoer . after a beat , she calm , dare to eat popcorn again . wearing gullibility , vulnerability all over she face . then from behind a hand appear , tap she shoulder , cause she to let loose with the most blood - curdle scream of all . all the moviegoer turn to see ... as will we : myra okubo thirties , stand mortify ; the woman who tapped she shoulder . CUT to : ext . new york CITY - day Kelly and okubo emerge from the movie theater . kelly what do you expect , mugging I from behind ? okubo I tapped you . kelly well you should not have . how do you even know where I be . okubo ( sarcastic ) Wild guess . kelly I do not like to be scared , myra , I have a thing about fright , do not ever scare I . okubo Kevin tell I you be upset . kelly really ? I never realize he be so psychic , how could he detect that , do he tell you there 's somebody else ? okubo ( sheepish ) well ... he do not have to tell I that part . Kelly freeze . stare at she . then : kelly you ? okubo it start before you , Kelly , I never would have -- kelly you ? okubo it be just a quick thing which we think be over , and and ... kelly you and Kevin . okubo it be not suppose to happen , I do not know what to say ... a beat . kelly you do not know what to say , lucky for you action speak louder than word . okubo Kelly -- kelly I be not upset , myra , okay . I just never think of you as a y'know ... okubo backstabber ? kelly ( do not be silly ) no . okubo liar ? kelly ( c' mon ) myra . okubo shitbutt ? kelly I really ... I should get back . and Kelly peel off to go on she way . bump into a pedestrian . she then give he a angry shove , under -- kelly ( cont 'd ) ( to the pedestrian ) do not fuck with I ! and off she go . the pedestrian and okubo exchange a look . CUT to : ext . lake - day coroner 's ambulance . Walt 's cover body be be load , as jack well , Fish and game , thirty , emerge from he truck . he approach the body . lift up the sheet . stare a beat in disbelief . turn to keough . jack what do this ? off keough , we : CUT to : int . museum - day Kelly 's in she office , work at she desk . Kevin enter . kevin hey . kelly Kevin . how 's it go , what 's happenin ' , family good , great , nice to catch up , get out . kevin this be business . ( then ) there be a accident in Maine , some guy get kill by something in a lake . probably a bear , but ... they find a tooth . kelly a tooth ? kevin a tooth they say could not have come from any bear . they say it look prehistoric . like maybe a dinosaur . kelly ( without look up ) oh , well then I be sure that 's it , he get kill by a dinosaur , anything else ? kevin I want you to go there . now she look up . kelly sorry ? kevin I be sure it 's nothing , but you be a paleontologist , this be what we do , I - - kelly this be what we do ? kevin I would like you to check out this lake . see -- kelly be you on drug ? kevin Kelly -- kelly I be not go to Maine , I will not even go west of forty -third Street -- kevin part of we research -- kelly I be not even a field person . kevin well on this one I would like you to be . Kelly stare back . the nickle drop . kelly this be myra 's idea , be not it ? get I out of the office for a few day , until - - kevin it have nothing to do with -- kelly I never do field work and even if I do , Maine , to look at a tooth of a dinosaur who bit somebody , could not you dream up something -- kevin Kelly -- kelly I be not go to Maine . that 's ridiculous . CUT to : ext . maine skie - day a sea helicopter be sailing up against the blue sky , nothing but evergreen and lake below . int . helicopter - continuous Kelly with the Pilot . she look a little white . int . jackson hospital - day Kelly be walk with keough toward the morgue . keough he just come up scream . kelly do he say anything ? keough he just kinda gurgle . he be pretty much dead . kelly and you do not see anything ? keough the lake be dead calm until up he come . the tooth be in there . kelly ( see ) there ? that 's the morgue . keough yes . kelly be the dead guy in there ? keough that 's where they keep they . ( then ) you want I to bring the tooth out here ? kelly um. ( bravado ) no , no . let 's go . close on the tooth reveal -- int . morgue - day the Medical examiner , steven daniel , be there with keough and kelly . Walt 's torso be cover . Kelly be examine the tooth . kelly I need to get a microscopic look at it . daniel fine. ( indicate ) there you go . kelly maybe I should see ... ( the body ) keough ( read she ) I would not . kelly I be fine , thank you . keough have you ever see a dead body before , Ms. Scott ? kelly well. ( admit ) at wake . keough this be a little different . kelly I can look at dead thing . and Daniels be about to pull the sheet back -- kelly ( cont 'd ) wait . she take a breath . kelly ( cont 'd ) okay . and Daniels peel back the sheet . Kelly strain to disguise she extreme horror . finally -- kelly ( cont 'd ) ( fight off nausea ) this ... how long do this attack go on for ? keough second . Three , four . kelly and this be how he come to the boat ? keough yes . kelly okay . ( then ) and be there a place nearby I could go to vomit ? off this , we : CUT to : ext . indigo maine - day it 's a small , almost tiny town ; general store , post office , fire station . Kelly and keough be in front of the general store load supplies into a van , across the street in front of the sheriff 's Department . keough nobody life within twenty - five mile , ' cept some old couple who live right on the lake . teenager trek in every once in a while , none have disappear , and none have spot anything unusual . kelly you talk to the marry couple ? keough not yet . kelly what kind of backup do we have ? keough we ? that strike a nerve . kelly ( defensive ) what ? keough sorry . I be just a little unclear as to why the Museum of Natural History would send somebody here . kelly you have a thing against museum ? keough I get nothing against -- kelly ever even be in one ? he stare back . then pick up a huge cannon - like gun . as he load it -- kelly what be that ? keough lightweight forward Area air device unit . whatever 's out there , one shot with this and he 's dead . kelly ( incredulous ) and you stock this thing for what , to fend off Russia ? a beat . keough you be sort of a rude person . kelly it 's just that -- suddenly , like a shot , Kelly 's arm jerk up as she jet spray a white fog from a can of yard Guard . keough hold a look at she . kelly ( cont 'd ) mosquitos . I have a thing about mosquito . upon which a sport utility vehicle pull up , it 's mark " Maine Fish and game " . Jack Wells emerge , Kelly 's eye scan he like radar . jack we set ? keough ready . ( be Kelly ; dry ) a museum in New York send we some additional back up . Kelly shoot keough a look . then : kelly Kelly Scott . jack Jack Wells . a museum send you ? kelly be we all museum bigot in Maine ? Jack hold a look , decide to let that pass . jack do you make anything of the tooth ? kelly yes , it do seem prehistoric but I be sure he just carry the thing for luck . not that it work , obviously . it probably somehow get lodge into he body . Jack hold another look . kelly ( cont 'd ) why be you stare at I ? ( to keough ) do I have a smudge on my face , it would be so you not to have tell I . keough also let that pass . keough ( to Jack ) I be ready when you be . jack let 's go . as they start out , Kelly grab Jack by the arm . kelly Excuse I . one other thing , it 's a small point , but ... I have a thing about be humor , and I be feel humor , more by he , but you seem quick to join in . jack ma'am , you first impression be not go well . as janine post , sixteen , flirtatious little vixen , step up . janine Excuse I ? be it true you be go to look for some kind of monster in Black Lake ? keough we be just go to investigate a accident . there 's no monster . janine we hear a man get bit in half . keough there be a accident , that 's all . nothing to worry about . and janine go into the store . the man just watch she go . sixteen go on twenty , nubile . Kelly just look at the man , gape at the girl . kelly please . CUT to : ext . lake - day keough , Jack , and Kelly be in a boat motor towards a farmhouse . no other house in sight . int . farm house - day Jack , Kelly and keough be question delore bickerman , mid - sixty , eccentric if not slightly daffy . she 's bring out refreshment . bickerman oh , my husband pass away almost two year ago . keough my department do not have any record of that , Mrs. bickerman . bickerman ( with some attitude ) oh well , I be sorry . I do not realize you keep such a firm track of the dead . kelly ( gently ) what be the cause of you husband 's death , ma'am , do you know ? off bickerman 's silence -- kelly ( cont 'd ) we do not mean to invade you privacy but ... be he ill , be he sick ? keough be he swallow ? kelly ( reprimand ) sheriff . jack Mrs. bickerman , the reason we be up here ... a man be fatally attack yesterday by some animal in this lake . do you know how you husband die ? bickerman ( brightly ) oh yes . I kill he . keough clenches he eye shut . the old woman 's a loon . jack you kill he . bickerman ( happily ) oh , yes . keough and how would you have accomplish this , ma'am ? bickerman ( rattling it off quickly , simply ) well , he be very ill and he refuse to go see a doctor and well ... I think he have Alzheimer 's , he would be coherent one day , incoherent the next and one coherent day , he ask I to end he suffer . I would not do it but he keep insist and insist and deteriorate till the point the only cognitive thing he could really do be that I finish he off . finally I just give in and hit he on the head with a skillet then bury he under the bulkhead . Jack , keough , and Kelly just stare back at this crazy woman . off they look -- bickerman ( cont 'd ) ( to keough ) dig he up if you do not believe I , javert . CUT to : ext . lake - day keough and Kelly be in the boat slowly travel along the thickly wood shoreline . keough half mile up , there 's a clear . jack you gonna dig up that lady 's husband ? keough I will call the coroner . kelly ( look around ) what be with this lake ? it look black and ... there be no wave or anything . keough they want to call it Lake placid . but somebody say that name be take . kelly ( to Jack ) gee. Jack smile , get she sarcasm . keough the tent be send ahead , they should already be set-up . kelly ( what ? ) we be stay in tent ? keough I tell you . two day , we would have to camp . kelly yes , camp , I think that mean holiday Inn , I never hear " tent " , will there be toilet ? keough ( see something ) what the hell ? keough 's attention have be otherwise arrest . he see something in the water . kelly what ? keough ( slow the boat ) I think I see ... kelly it look like a branch . he lean over to grab something float in the water . look like a branch . he lift it up , revealing it to be a antler . connect to the severe head of a moose . keough , see it as he lift it , scream , throw it . it hit Kelly and she scream , a blood -curdle scream , as the head hit the floor of the boat with a heavy thud . Kelly rear back , still scream , and belt keough in the shoulder . keough hey !! kelly you throw it at I !! keough ( deny ) I just let go of it . kelly jack you throw it at I !! alright. ( to Jack ) do you see that ? she belt he again . keough jack ( cont 'd ) stop hit I ! ma'am ! kelly do not throw head at I , ( to Jack ) and stop call I " ma 'am " ! angle the head resume a beat . this head look rip off the body . jack what be go on here ? ext . beachside campsite - a hour later a small tent camp be be set up . people unpack . two deputy , burke and stephen , present . Kelly be with Jack . kelly how big do the bear get ? jack Big but ... a bear could not do that to a moose or man in water . on land maybe . but ... kelly and they be sure he do not get tangle under the outboard somehow ? jack hank say he 's sure . Kelly take in the scenic surroundings . kelly it really be beautiful , be not it ? jack never be to Maine before ? kelly I be tell they discriminate against people with hygiene . ( off Jack ) I never believe it . he measure she . then -- jack why be you here ? really . kelly I tell you . jack the Museum of Natural History do not send out investigator to -- kelly how would you know , what -- jack and even if they do , I doubt he or she would have problem with tent . kelly so I do not like tent , why -- jack you do not like tent , mosquito , look at you fingernails , you have about as much business be in the wood -- kelly jack ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with my -- as Emily Post , it do not fingernails this be make sense -- perfectly good -- jack ( cont 'd ) ( override ) they send you out to examine a tooth , why be you out here on the on the lake ? a beat . might as well tell . kelly I be a paleontologist . ( throw it out ) I also be dating my boss he turn out to be involved with a co-worker who be also my friend and for the sake of comfort , theirs , I be ship off to Maine . ( then ) I do not feel like go back yet . there . she say it . he stare back . kelly ( cont 'd ) I be not make it up . jack well . you do not have to stay out here , why do not -- kelly I have come , I be here , I be stay . unless there be tick . we then hear the SOUND of a descending helicopter . she look up . then : kelly ( cont 'd ) oh my God . jack what ? kelly if this be who I think it be . ( as it get closer ) it be . jack who ? kelly hector cyr . he 's a rich kook mythology professor . he 's do some work with we museum . he also trek the world to swim with crocodile . keough ( arrive ) with what ? kelly crocodile . he 's a expert on they . and if he 's here ... then he must think that 's what 's in this lake . jack in Maine ? kelly there have be Northern sighting . but not this North . as hector cyr , this giant ball of life , deboard he chopper -- hector ( spot Kelly ; disappointed ) you beat I . ball . ( then ) I need some of you to help I unpack . ( to burke and Stevens ) you and you . ( to keough ) not you . ( to Kelly ) who do we have from Fish and game ? keough jack ( to Kelly ) me. who be this man ? hector ( rapid fire ) I could see the alga bloom just come in , how long have this lake be stagnant ? ( extend he hand to keough ) hi , hector cyr . the Earth be round and so should you be . keough ( to Kelly ) -- who be he ? hector I will need any and all topographic study . keough wait just a second . you do not just fly in here and start bark order . hector I apologize , I just do not want to lose the light , we have get time for a quick scout , ( to Kelly ) you have have work do . kelly keough ( flaring ) ( frustrated ) I have not . who be this man ? hector hector cyr , I say it once , let I know when it sink in , ( to Kelly ) have you see it ? kelly keough ( cont 'd ) no. mister ... kelly ( cont 'd ) it could not be a crocodile . hector they have be migrate north , Kelly , this lake connect to the ocean , -- keough ( frustrated ) Mr. cyr ! hector c'mon , we be lose light , ( to Kelly ) why do the big one heckle I ? Kelly yank he aside . kelly ( sotto ) hector . the big one have no sense of humor . and since he 's the one who decide whether you get to play , try not to be you obnoxious self . hector that hurt my feeling . and it do a little . hector be a big teddy bear . jack ( arrive ) if we be gonna go we better go . CUT to : ext . lake - sunset keough and Kelly be in one canoe , hector and Jack be alongside in another . hector be operate one of he sophisticated sonar device . the calm . the still . the beauty . hector if he 's here , I will find he . ( to Jack , be Kelly ) do she tell you we have sex together ? kelly I never have sex with you ! hector even so , you be allow to boast . you look thin by the way , I have mentally undress you , I can see you ribcage . keough I really do not mean to be discourteous . ( patronize ) but how be it a person could come to believe that a crocodile be in New England ? hector they have saltwater gland , they can swim across ocean , it 's only a matter of time . keough and what would he do come winter ? hector they can survive winter . as long as they nostril do not freeze , they survive , ( to Kelly ) be I foolish to explain thing , he have such trouble with my name ? kelly keough ( scolding ) hey. hector . hector ( to keough ) be this where it happen ? keough around here . yeah . hector ( know he crocodile ) if he 's eat in the area , he should not be far away . croc hang around the food source . kelly but they be nighttime hunter , hector , he would probably be on land now anyway . hector ' cept he be not before , be he ? ( then to keough ) you know , when friend or family member say thing , they tend not to register so sometimes it help to hear it from a total stranger . you be fat . kelly hector . suddenly there be ripple , fish break surface about thirty foot away . jack what 's that ? keough White perch . jack be they feed ? keough do not look like it . jack they look like they be jump . kelly they look scared . upon which something grab the front of Kelly 's canoe and with one crisp yank , flip it over like a spoon on a dinner table , send they all fly . in a instant , keough and Kelly be swim for they life . scream / yell , they scramble for the canoe , climb onto it 's flip - over back . breathless , they all exchange confuse look . " what the hell happen " ? kelly ( cont 'd ) my hair . CUT to : ext . campsite - sundown Kelly , still in wet clothes , be talk on she portable phone . keough be there as hector approach . Jack be approach as well . activity bustles in the b.g. kelly ( into she phone ) none of we actually see anything . ( then ) I realize this Sir , but something flip we over , I doubt very much it be a mink . hector what 's go on ? keough they do not believe she . kelly ( still into phone ) thank you , it 's so reward to imagine my tax dollar find its way to you , you fucker . ( she click off ) hector such the flirt . kelly U.S. Wildlife will not send anybody without a confirmation . jack same thing from Fish and game . kelly something 's in that water . jack well until we see it , we be not gonna be convincing too many people . as deputy sharon gare approach -- gare ( o.s. ) ( call ) sheriff . keough look over . gare ( point to the ground ) you might want to see this . they all walk over . angle the ground there 's hundred , maybe a thousand worm squirming , surround ... a human toe . kelly ( o.s. ) oh God , worm . I get a thing about worm . resume gare it 's a human toe . hector study it , pick it up . then -- hector some decomposition , little acidic , it have be swallow . ( to keough ; hold the toe ) be this the man who be kill ? keough deadpan back . then -- keough we would only just meet . hector well , you have get a croc alright , they be keystone species . keough keystone what ? hector species , keystone affect the entire ecosystem , that could explain all this worm , the water . you have get a crocodile . ( proffering the toe ) bury you friend . hector give the toe to keough , then head off . keough stand there , hold the tow , as we : dissolve to : ext . beach - night Kelly be testing a machine that send out little squeaky sound , as Jack approach . he stop . take a second to ... well , admire she . she 's a attractive woman . he then approach . jack baby croc ? kelly adult male will charge hatchling . if there 's one out there ... jack if one could be out there ... why do Fish and game tell I it 's impossible ? kelly because they just consult they little indigenous chart . a beat , as she tend to she work . jack listen ... if you really do know croc , you should know how stealth like they be . I would not be stand a foot from the water . she look . jack ( cont 'd ) he could be right there and you would not see he . kelly ( still look at the water ) I would be able to see something . upon which , Jack toss a rock over she shoulder . as it make a splash , she scream and practically jump into he arm . then : kelly ( cont 'd ) ( realize ) oh that 's funny . that be real funny . and she head off . off Jack , we : CUT to : ext . hector be tent - night two deputy be digging deep pit about thirty foot in front of he tent . from within we hear music , the sound of a party . keough approach ... look at deputy burke , who 's digging . burke ( shrug ) he pay we . five hundred . keough continue on toward the tent . int . hector be tent - continuous his tent be on the palatial side . stereo , generator , he 's get a margarita bar go . there 's a party . hector 's dance with deputy Gare , other be enjoy the drink and music . hector you be a beautiful woman . gare thank you . hector and law enforcement , such dangerous work . the idea that you could die suddenly with no offspring , disconcert , let 's mate , commit you gene to perpetuity . upon which , keough enter , do not like what he see . keough hey . he go , turn off the music . keough we be here on official business . hector cocktail ? keough no !! ( then ) what 's with digging the hole ? hector they come on land and they be brazen . they be also attract to noise , you can see I make a lot of it . keough everybody out , back to you tent , now ! they start to leave . hector ( be Gare ) could she stay , we have tentatively schedule intercourse . keough no !! out ! and they all go , include Gare , who shrug to keough " he 's kind of funny " . keough ( cont 'd ) ( to hector ) you listen to I . the only reason I be let you be part of this be ' cause you get the helicopter and the radar -- hector and you like I . keough I do not like you . hector deep down , gut check . I be grow fond of you and it 's liberate to say so . keough stare back . keough you be a whacko . and keough leave , to : ext . campsight - continuous as keough head off -- hector ( o.s. ) that hurt my feeling . CUT to : a campfire reveal -- ext . beach campsite - night Kelly stand , alone , skip stone . after a beat , Jack approach . jack what be you do ? kelly skip stone . look how flat that water be , you can get ten skip on a good one . a beat . jack listen , uh ... hank and I think it best if you stay on shore . kelly I beg you pardon ? jack whatever 's out there do flip over a canoe -- kelly I be not stay on shore . jack it 's too dangerous for -- kelly I do not fly up here to roast marshmallow -- jack you fly up here because you boss -- kelly I be go out on that boat and why be you pick on I , be this some kind of -- kelly ( cont 'd ) jack haze , new fingernails I be not pick -- in the wood ? jack ( cont 'd ) ( override ) I be beginning to see why you be ship off . and she face fall . kelly ( wounded ; quietly ) that be a awful thing to say to I . jack ( feel bad now ) I be sorry but you be ... a beat . he do not finish the sentence . kelly ( genuine ) I do know crocodile and I will not get in you way . ( then ) I really do want to be a part of this . Jack read she , he can see that she do . jack okay . ( then ) we be up at six . kelly good . jack ( a beat ) ' night . there 's a little chemistry here , though both would probably deny it . he head off toward he tent , she sit with she book . she give one last look , watch he go . then she go back to she book . dissolve to : ext . lake - much later the lake be still , the campfire be out , the tent be quiet . the quiet sound of night . cricket . a loon . a owl . a courageous raccoon look about , see what he can rummage . by the water ... a black bear take a drink . angle keough' tent he emerge , compel by a full bladder , wear only he trousers , carry a revolver . he walk into the nearby wood . he remove from he short he bladder 's connection to the outside world . proceed to urinate . then ... he hear something . the SOUND of rustling leave . he stop urinating , we hear a half second of movement . then quiet . must be he imagination . he resume he business . more rustling , it 's not just the sound of dense urine against leave , he stop ... something 's out there in the darkness . quiet . he start up for a second , stop quickly , and we hear it for sure . something 's rustling toward he . with he free hand , keough pull out he revolver . more rustling ... keough point the gun . something on the ground be come toward he . he move slowly , gun draw , into the darkness . the rustling be get louder . it 's almost upon he . a beat . closer . closer . then keough peel away a bush revealing : hector look into a gun barrel . he scream . keough scream . then -- hector Jesus Christ !! keough what the hell be you do ?!! hector what be you do ?! keough you be crawl around like a -- hector I be lay a spring trap ! keough a spring trap ! hector I keep tell you , they can come on land , I do not wanna wake up in the middle of the night -- keough I coulda shot you , you -- hector this could end up save you life , -- hector ( cont 'd ) keough you will be glad you do not hey look , I be sure you shoot I then , you will be finish first in you tongue massage my class but I think you need hemorrhoid , just before to be retire to the big rubber run off to get you room , where you can play with sister pregnant , who you soft stuff reptile . probably already call mom . and now all the other , awaken , be charge . kelly ( arrive ) hey ! what be go on ? hector keough this man take a pistol he 's crawl around -- to pee ! keough ( cont 'd ) ( escalate ) this be a official investigation , and this cuckoo bird be a civilian . I do not care how much money he 's get , he 's a total mental . and hector storm off . a beat . kelly you hurt he feeling . I think you should go apologize . keough apologize ? kelly keough ( cont 'd ) we be a team here . it he 's a fruitcake ! will not kill you to get along . kelly ( cont 'd ) look . the thing about hector ... he take this crocodile business very ... ( how to say it ) he think they be godly . a beat . jack he think they be what ? kelly in he defense , every primitive culture know to man deified they . he 's a mythology professor , he think croc be divine conduit . keough be this ' spose to make I take he more serious ? kelly it 's to make you understand he , with understanding come tolerance . too bad they do not put proverbs in twinkies , my load would be lighter . keough ( befuddle ) why do everybody insult my intelligence , I have intelligence , intelligent people eat twinkies . kelly I be sorry . keough shoot a look to Jack . jack let 's just all get some sleep . and keough head off , under -- keough I be a intelligent person . upon which , he disappear from Earth . he 's step into one of hector 's pit trap . a beat . keough ( o.s. ) ( calmly ) I shall kill he . dissolve to : ext . lake - sunrise the steam be lift off the lake . ext . lake - morning keough , Kelly , hector , and deputy burke be cruise in the whaler . hector and Jack be both in full diving gear . Jack also have a stick gun for protection . hector do not . keough again , I do not mean to be annoying with my question . but if it be a crocodile which I do not think it be . and if they do charge this baby hatchling sound ... ( to Jack ) why exactly would you want to be underwater at the time ? ( to hector ) with you it make sense . hector they do not really attack underwater and -- keough that " Walt " guy get hit underwater -- hector no crocodile have ever -- kelly ( to hector ) you should take a flax pole . hector and what if I tranq he Kelly ? he drown . you think about that ? kelly I be just say last resort . keough again . not to be disruptive . do we have a problem with it die ? hector crocodile do not sever with they tooth , they molar be blunt . as if that 's suppose to clear it up . keough stare back blankly . then : keough be this a trick ? hector what I be say be if it 's a crocodile that cut a man in half he would have to be over twenty foot which would make he well over a hundred year old , it would be unthinkable to destroy he . jack ( to burke ) alright , let 's just drop here . burke lower the anchor , as keough just continue to stare at hector . Kelly ready the hatchling recorder . she lower it into the water . kelly they respond pretty quick . I will wait till you get down before I turn it on . jack good. ( climb over ) see ya soon . kelly good luck . there be a twinge of real concern in she voice . he make eye contact with she . then drop over . go under . hector ( to Kelly ) two year marry , divorced , use to be a lawyer , quit , I be still wait on he sperm count . kelly what ? ( off hector 's look ) oh as if I be interested . hector as if . ( as he 's about to go overboard ; to keough ) will you miss I ? keough ( to hector ) I bring a pork chop , maybe we could hang it around you neck for luck . hector no thank you , but maybe later you can chew the bark off my big fat log . and hector drop overboard . keough ( to Kelly ) be that like a homo-sexual remark ? kelly ( strict ) I ask you to be nice to he . keough roll he eye . CUT to : ext . underwater - angle on jack - day Jack , diving . we hear the high pitch of crocodile hatchlings . visibility be again pretty limited . ext . lake - angle on hector - underwater - day hector dive through the dark black water . visibility be lousy . ext . underwater - thirty minute later Jack dive , searched . look ahead , see something ... he move closer ... it 's the carcass of the moose , no head . ext . lake - a hour later Kelly and keough onboard . kelly he may be a kook but he 's also be all over the world with they . he even swim in the grimetti with killer nile all around he , he never get nip . keough and that 's why he think they be godly ? kelly he say he know it when he look into they eye . keough ( simple ) you like Jack ? kelly ( throw ) what ? I do not even know the guy . keough hector think you like he . kelly well hector 's a giant cracker . keough you think Jack 's handsome ? kelly what be this ? keough I be just curious . I can never tell what woman think be handsome . be he handsome ? kelly well . he 's probably rugge handsome I guess . yeah . a beat . keough be I ? ext . underwater - day Jack and hector , diving together . dissolve to : ext . lake - two hour later the boat sit still on the dead calm water . Kelly work the radar , keough covertly eat a twinkie . kelly it should not be take so long . they both scan the surface . Dead calm . ext . underwater - continuous hector move about . we can hear the hatchling recorder , but he 's not see anything . ext . underwater - ( another area ) - continuous Jack look about . he look up . do not see much but he get a eerie feel . something 's out there . ext . lake - continuous keough , Kelly , and burke , stand idly , scan the calm surface . keough ( into headset ) hector , Jack , we show you with about twelve minute of oxygen leave , and you be on the last tank . time to go home . kelly that be a bust . a beat . another beat . then ... something jerk the boat a little . kelly ( cont 'd ) what be that ? keough I do not know . it be like a tug . something tug we . upon which something really yank the boat . so hard ... Kelly flip over the back , into the water . keough ( cont 'd ) hey ! the boat be move , be drag quickly . burke something 's get the anchor line ! keough Kelly !! but Kelly 's alone in the water , the boat be pull away . resume keough ( into headset ) Jack !! hector ! we be be drag !! ( as he start the motor ; to burke ) cut the line ! cut the fuck line ! burke go to work on the anchor line as we angle Kelly , tread water , in the middle of nowhere . she 's completely vulnerable . ext . underwater - continuous hector , swim for the surface . ext . lake - continuous Kelly , tread water . find keough on the boat , he now have the engine run , fight against the drag but whatever have that boat have a fuck strong hold . keough cut the goddamn rope ! burke ( work away ) I be try ! and finally , as he sever the rope the boat almost go airborne with a jump , burke nearly sail out . keough 's boat then race to Kelly . angle kelly kelly hurry up !! suddenly about thirty foot away ... we see fish break water . kelly ( cont 'd ) shit !! hank !! the boat be zoom toward she . it arrive . as keough and burke go to pull she aboard , we see a dark shadow rise . burke ( scream ) look out !! and Jack explode out of the water , it be he shadow . keough and burke pull they both aboard . keough ( back to Kelly ) be you alright ? kelly I think . my hair . ( then ) where 's hector ?! ( to Jack ) where be he ? jack we go in different direction . that water be thick , you can not see through it ! ext . underwater - continuous hector be swim toward the surface . suddenly ... a shadow loom over he . he look up . he p.o.v. there be no boat . we can not see it , just a big shadowy mass . resume hector he 's scared . CUT to : ext . lake - continuous keough ( into headset ) hector ! hector , we get drag off position , when you surface , you gotta yell . ext . underwater - continuous hector be still charge toward the surface . the lack of visibility be frightening , something could be six foot away and he would not know it . ext . lake - continuous kelly ( point ) there 's bubbles over there ! look ! keough quickly maneuver the boat to where Kelly indicate , under -- kelly ( cont 'd ) there he be . here he come ! and keough have the boat to he as hector break surface . and they quickly pull hector on board , all attention be on hector as they lean over to rescue he . on the far right ... two eye ... move closer to the oblivious rescuer . slowly move in , everybody be so preoccupy with hector , deputy burke , at the end of the boat , be lean way over to see hector . if only he know what he 's not see . the eye come closer . they be now in the water right below burke 's head . how can he not see it ? a beat . another beat . then ... suddenly , a mouth , a dragon , tooth , something , flash from the water -- snap . and deputy burke 's head be simply go as he limp body hang over the boat . Kelly scream in horror . in a microsecond , burke 's head and life be both go . off they stunne face , as Kelly continue to scream we : CUT to : ext . campsite - sunset burke 's body be be load into a ambulance . people move in silence , the wake of tragedy . a few State trooper be on the scene . keough ( give a statement ) nobody actually see it . it happen sudden . pan to find Kelly , stare almost blankly , as Jack , finish a phone call , approach . he measure she expression , she 's still in shock . jack you okay ? ( nothing ) Kelly ? kelly yeah . ( then ) nobody see anything ? jack no. ( then ) U.S. Wildlife be on they way . kelly that 's probably good . jack Police want to keep it quiet , if the press get word ... lake monster . they just want we to sit tight . angle kelly she be visibly undone , she appear almost to be fight off shock . Jack put he hand on she shoulder to steady she . jack be you okay ? kelly um ... y' know ... ( swallow ) yeah . Jack can see she 's willing herself to be stoic . jack a man die . you do not have to be so tough . she nod , appreciatively . part of she would love to collapse into he but a bigger part demand that she remain stoic . kelly I be fine . I uh ... I be fine . pan to find keough , walk . still visibly shake . he unwittingly approach hector . they hold a look . hector ( genuine ) I be sorry . a beat . hector ( cont 'd ) be he a good man ? keough yup . hector whenever somebody die I consider it such a waste that I do not know he better . a beat . then -- keough ( fight off disbelief ; shock maybe ) his head be just ... bitten off . hector ( sadly ) I use to have this recur nightmare that I be headless . keough turn to stare at he with incredulity . hector ( cont 'd ) ( quietly rattling it off ) I would be on the ground look up at my body , no head , walk around bump into everything . and my parent would not let I in the house ' cause they would just buy all this new antique lamp and they be afraid I would knock they over , make sense , and meanwhile , the neighborhood bully would see my round little head on the ground look like a ball , and they would come rush over to start up a game of soccer . I would actually feel grateful just for be allow into the contest , that 's esteem for you , what be you thought ? keough have have enough of this guy . keough ( a powder keg ) you know , hector , I be sure you be a fine person in you own mental way . but I think it would be best if you and I do not speak . and keough head off . he take about four step ... then SNAP . up go he upside - down body like a rocket . he 's step in hector 's spring - bow trap . a beat . he swing upside - down like a pendulum . another beat . hector this be a setback . keough you do not want to cut I down . ' Cause I will kill you . CUT to : ext . beach - night Kelly and Jack . kelly hard to believe there could be a monster under such peacefulness . jack I think I might track the shoreline tomorrow , look for print . she just stare out as if she do not hear . and he fix he own stare on she . feeling it , she turn , catch he look at she , he divert the stare . she feign a non-reaction . a beat . jack ( cont 'd ) you know they say the brain confuse fear for passion . kelly Excuse I ? jack when you get scared , the brain release a chemical , same chemical it release when somebody 's ... ( a beat ) in high school , the thing to do be to take the girl to a scary movie . kelly what be you talk about ? jack I be say between the moonlight , a beautiful lake and a monster that bite head off ... you look good . kelly gee , that be so poetic , Jack . I be all moist . jack forgive I for try to be nice . kelly Nice ? Nice would be " you look pretty , " nice be not some man - eat monster have trick my brain into make you look good . jack I do not say it like that . kelly you do , you -- jack I be try to pay you a compliment , I be guise it as science ' cause I know you be comfortable in that arena . Science . kelly a man just die , you be hit on I with science . jack just forget it . hector ( arrive ) beg pardon ? sorry to intrude but hank seem to have get himself stick in a tree . ext . campsite - second later hank hang still , upside down , from the tree , as hector , Kelly , and Jack approach . hector I probably could have accomplish freeing he myself but he have a look of mayhem on he upside down face . they arrive . hank say nothing , he hang there perfectly still . kelly hank ? keough ( calmly ) yes . the three exchange look . kelly be you okay ? keough ( calmly ; almost sweet ) other than feel slightly embarrassed , I be perfectly fine . ( then ) could you cut I down ? hector promise you will not kill I , first . keough ( calmly ) I have no interest in ever look at you , hector. ( again ) could you please cut I down ? Jack give Kelly a knife . jack you cut , we will hold he . hector and Jack grab hold , Kelly cut , they lower he to the ground . he rise . keough ( calm ) thank you . ( then ) I lie . and he charge after hector , who run toward the beach . keough chase , Jack and Kelly pursue , try to stop he . and suddenly , explode out of the wood , a ferocious charge growl . a attack . scream all over , a half - second of confusion before we see it 's a large black bear jump out of the darkness , right at hector . hector dive out of its path . scream , panic , shouting , as the bear rear up on he hind leg . seemingly about to lunge when ... explode out of the water the giant jaw of a crocodile . in a flash instant , the beast engulf the bear , twist it , slamm it on the ground and then pull it into the water . the bear fight back ferociously for a second but there can only be one outcome here . in a matter of second , both bear and crocodile have vanish . and the water be calm again . angle the face utter catatonia . shock . whatever they expect to find in this expedition , they be not remote prepare for that . there be no word here . shock be pre-empt every other human sensory . what they just see ... a crocodile head measure five foot rise up out of the water and gobble a fuck bear . a beat . then -- keough ( admit ) okay . it 's a crocodile . I will admit it . a beat as they gulp air . kelly ( to Jack ) you be cut . there be a little blood over Jack 's right eye . he dab it . kelly ( cont 'd ) ( to hector ) he be a indo-pacific . hector ( daunt ) be you sure ? kelly scale be oval . it be a asian crocodile . keough Asia ? how ... how could he get here ? hector obviously some asshole in Hong Kong flushed he down a toilet . kelly he have to be thirty foot long . another beat . jack ( charge ) hank . the little cannon you bring , get it . Guard the shoreline . otherwise , we be do . we make the i.d. , we job be finish . keough alright , Ms. paleontologist . I wanna know why that monster be here . you get a theory ? kelly why he 's that big , I do not know . why he 's here ... the wetland be be develop , crocodile be move . Australia , fiji , the thing have start to cross ocean . jack but why Maine and why alone ? croc be social , why 's this guy on the move by himself ? hector maybe he do not play well with other . keough be everything a big fuck joke to you ? hector ( be he groin ) bite my bishop . and keough start for he , but Jack intercede . keough I be sick of he ! jack hector ( intercede ) let he go ! I be sick of you c'mon. too , let he go . ( then ) thing about be rich , sheriff , my parent have the add luxury of be able to ditch I off at karate school , I be a brown belt . so go ahead . take you best shot . keough throw a haymaker , decking hector . lay he out . kelly hank ! keough ( who know ? ) he say he know karate ! hector ( shake ) at school they would always say " go " first . jack ( to keough ) get you big gun and guard the shore . hector . go to you tent . hector ( mutter as he go ) he never say " go " . jack ( to keough ) get the gun . keough ( mutter as he go ) if I fall into a hole or get hoist into a tree ... and he 's go . jack ( be keough and hector ) like little child . ( then ) you okay ? kelly yeah . I get some stuff for you cut . jack I could not believe ... do you see the size of that thing 's mouth ? kelly I wonder if he 's some kind of mutant . ( then ) that bear have to be surprised . jack ( take she arm ; ushere ) let 's get away from the shore . she look at he hand on she arm , which suddenly make he self - consious . jack ( cont 'd ) sorry . kelly it 's okay . they hold a look . ext . lake ( westside ) - night we be at a small clear on the other side of the lake . a four-wheel - drive of some sort be bump down a fairly unpassable dirt road into the clear . tom ( o.s. ) told you I could make it . as the jeep come more into view , we reveal its occupant to be six teenager , include janine , and tom , steve , danny , carol , ellen . they have be drink but they be not sloppy drunk . as they climb out , Tom point to a swing rope which extend from the branch of a tree that overhang the water . tom there it be . steve ( stripping ) last one in 's a dead man . could be more like first one in . the teenager begin to strip off they clothes . as they giggle and laugh we : CUT to : int . kelly tent - night Kelly be butterfly Jack 's wound , necessarily work very close to he . jack ow . shit. kelly just gotta pull it a little tighter . jack who teach you be be a nurse ? kelly Father 's a surgeon . I can even stitch in a pinch , would not be a bad idea here . jack no thanks . kelly keep it dry . no swim . jack ( dry ) thank you . they hold a look . then -- jack ( cont 'd ) you be have the best time of you life , be not you ? kelly ( catch ) what ? why ... people have be kill , I hardly think I be have a good time , why would ... ( off he look ; copping ) do it show ? Jack nod slightly . kelly ( cont 'd ) this be the first time I have actually ... y'k now be in the middle of anything . I have never really even get dirty before , with I shower have always be preventative . they eye be lock now , make she self - conscious and nervous . jack that 's why you be here . to get in the middle of something ? kelly maybe . I have always read about what 's happen . I have never ... I know it sound silly but , it 's nice to be someplace while something be actually ... y' know ... happen . something be happen right now . a beat . kelly ( cont 'd ) we should probably go to bed . ( quickly ) get rest , get some rest . go to we separate bed , get some rest . the freudian slip of she life . they hold another look . then he start to exit . he stop at the door , turn back . jack thanks for the ... bandaid . kelly ( please do not go ) night . he hold another look , then leave . off she punish herself for both the slip of the tongue and for cut the moment short . CUT to : ext . lake ( westside ) - night the teenager be now skinny - dip , have a grand ol ' flirtatious time . as they splash and frolic and cop they feel , we angle ... about fifty yard away . two eye pop above the surface ... follow by the snout . go to : the croc be p.o.v. six fresh delicious teenager . Midnight buffet . resume the croc as he slowly start to move . the teenager start to take turn , swinging on a rope from a branch which overhang the shoreline . as they laugh and yell , Danny swing on a long rope ... landing with a splash . about ten foot from the croc , wait stealth - like , he eye barely above surface . he could easily go for Danny ... but he somehow know the service will get better . as Danny swim back to shore , janine take hold of the rope . janine here I come . ready or not . and she swing away ... a better swing than Danny 's ... and she splashes down about five foot from the eye . again , the eye do not move . the teenager cheer janine 's record -setting swing as Tom take hold of the rope . steve all or nothing , Tom . tom from the jaw of defeat ... and he fly away . it 's a leap to die for . as he splashes down ... gulp . like a seal grab a fish ... and Tommy have vanish . the kid , cheer at the leap , stop cheer when Tommy fail to resurface . a beat . they first think he 's play a joke . steve ha ha . another beat . still no sign of Tommy . janine ( still in the water ) Tommy ? ( then ) this be not funny , Tommy . and now they be concerned . they all move down toward the shore . steve Tommy ? danny c'mon , Tommy . and now they be start to panic . janine where be he ? danny ( yell ) this be not funny !! suddenly -- thrust up out of the water . the crocodile , Tommy in its jaw . bloodcurdle scream from all as we : CUT to : ext . campsite - night hector and keough both hear the scream of the teenager . hector what 's that ? keough it come from across the lake . ext . lake - night keough , Jack , and deputy Stevens be in the boat , zoom towards the teenager . jack ( to keough ) you say nobody come in here ! keough obviously I be wrong ! CUT to : int . helicopter - night hector and Kelly be fly toward the area , the search beam be on . CUT to : close on janine janine he just take he in he jaw . reveal ext . lake ( westside ) - night the teenager have some or most of they clothes back on . hector 's chopper be hover over the area , its beam lighting the water . lying on the beach , cover ... be Tommy . alive . and basically unhurt ! keough he be in he mouth ?! janine yes . jack ( stunne ; to Tommy ) you be okay ? tommy ( in shock ) I think ; just cut . danny the thing just come up out of the water and kind of spit he at we . janine you should have sign post , for God 's sake ! jack ( examine he ) you be really okay ? Tommy nod . then -- tommy I might need a tetanus . keough and Jack exchange a look of disbelief . ext . campsite - a hour later hector , keough , Jack , and Kelly , look tired , trek toward they tent . hector just spit he back out . some shall live , some shall die , arbitrarily , sound like any higher power we know ? keough ( dismissive ) he do not eat the kid cause he would just swallow a bear . hector sobek . half man , half croc , oldest God -- keough I be tired , hector . I know this because you be beginning to not bug I . hector that sound good but underneath it 's hurtful . ( then ) nightcap ? keough raincheck . they be grow on each other . Jack and Kelly exchange a smile . hector and keough be develop a odd kinship almost . they continue on as Jack and Kelly stop at she tent . jack well. goodnight . kelly we seem to say goodnight a lot . jack we could not say it and ... ( suddenly a coward ) well , that thing be ambulatory if you want somebody in you tent to ... she smile . then : kelly night . he hold another look . she go into she tent . he stand there . a beat . wait to see if she call he back . she do not . he then head off . her head pop out . watch he go . almost call after he . do not . ext . beach - night we see the campsite , look at it from the water . all be still . after a beat . a eye blink . we be not look at the campsite . we be close on a eye , reflecting the campsite . another blink . still another . we hear a slight snarl . then : dissolve to : ext . lake - sunrise hector and deputy Gare , inside the chopper , lift of , to begin a early morning search . CUT to : ext . shore - ( different part of the lake ) - sunrise Kelly , Jack , keough , and Stevens search for track along the wood shoreline , stay a good six foot from the actual shore . they sense be very heighten . keough have he cannon gun . jack get back from the shore . we know how fast he can leap out . keough we should not even really be do this . jack they will not be here till at least noon . we get a few hour to kill . keough so do he . kelly ( obsess ) I be gonna get tick . I know it . they be draw to I . I get a thing about tick . jack ( quickly ) ssssh ! kelly what ? jack I hear something . he 's stare at a brush thicket . after a beat , we hear a slight rustle . the gun go up quickly . a beat . nothing . Jack bend down , pick up a stone . toss it into the thicket . and out it charge . Kelly scream , they be all about to fire before they realize it 's only a beaver . it scurries into the water . kelly ( try to gather herself ) shit , shit , shit , shit , shit . keough ( suddenly ) look . angle a giant paw print embed in the mud . it must be two foot in diameter . resume jack ( to keough ) Guard the water . Kelly and Jack go quickly to examine the print . jack ( cont 'd ) that 's pretty big . ext . lake - continuous the chopper be descend . hector and Gare be inside . gare it seem like we be get lower . hector it happen when I land . gare why be we landing ? hector ' Cause this be the cove he obviously life in . gare ( alarmed ) so why be we landing ? ( then ) hector . ext . shore - continuous Kelly and Jack be still work on the footprint . physical proximity , which they be both a little distract by . kelly thing we can lift it ? jack maybe . do not mush it . kelly ( annoyed ) I be not mush it . jack you be mush it a little around the -- kelly I be not mush it . suddenly another beaver scurries out from underfoot , scare all of they , but particularly Kelly who jump . her foot land on a long extend branch , and even more suddenly burke 's severe head seesaws out of the shallow water , hit she in the shin . she scream as they all jump back . angle the head resume they just stare , as Kelly continue to scream . jack ( hold she ) okay . okay . okay . kelly that be it !! jack really -- kelly no . I keep get hit with head ! jack ( hold she shoulder ) calm down . kelly you calm down ! jack calm down . she take a couple of calming breath . kelly I be be very calm . I be compose . this be the second time I have be hit with a severe head , I be entitle to complain . steven ( be the head ) be that uh ... keough I can not recognize he from the back . it look like he . keough take a stick . squeamish , he tentatively poke the head , try to turn it over . angle the head it be burke . resume keough lean in for a closer look . keough that 's he . ( be something ) what the ...? something appear to be in he mouth . keough take a small twig , pries back a cheek ... the mouth be full of worm . keough ( cont 'd ) now I be gonna puke . jack ( see something ) you gotta be kid . kelly what ? jack ( point ) look . there p.o.v. about a hundred yard north , Mrs. bickerman be lead a blindfolded cow to the water . resume Kelly raise she binocular . so do Jack . kelly what be she do now ? ( then ) mother of God . keough what ? kelly look ten foot into the water . there p.o.v. there wait ... mouth fully open ... be the fuck crocodile . resume Kelly , Jack , and keough , as they lower they scope . they look at each other , then back at the forego . ext . bickerman house - continuous Mrs. bickerman , sing " itsy bitsy spider " be happily lead the blind cow to the shore . the cow , tentative , just allow itself to be lead , not know what the plan be . as Mrs. bickerman get to the water , she look out to the croc . bickerman come and get it . and with that , she whip the hind of the cow cause it to jump forward . almost simultaneously , the croc make its charge and the cow be dead before it have a clue . CUT to : angle jack , keough , and kelly utterly agape . after a long beat : CUT to : int . bickerman house - day keough , Kelly , and Jack be question a slightly hostile Mrs. bickerman . bickerman ( indignant ) I have not break any law . keough ( border on condescension ) oh , but you have , ma'am . you lie to we , that could be obstruction of justice . a man 's be kill in part ' cause of you silence , I could make out a charge of reckless endangerment and I be sure peta would be annoyed at how you treat you cow . bickerman the reason I lie be if I would tell you the truth , you would just hunt it down and kill it which seem to be exactly what you be do . kelly how long have you be feed this thing ? bickerman about six year . he first appear in May of nineteen - ninety - one . bernie be out fishing and it follow he home . so we throw he some scrap and well ... he do not seem to bother anybody . he become kind of like a pet who live in the wild . jack he just appear . you have no idea how he arrive in this lake ? bickerman no . do you ? keough ma'am . you husband , bernie . you do not , by any chance , lead he to the lake blindfolded ? bickerman ( offended ) no , I do not . ( then ) the crocodile do kill he , though . but it be all ... it be a mistake . kelly a mistake . bickerman one of we horse get loose two year ago , go to the lake to drink and ... well the crocodile start come in , bernie go to intercede and ... it be all a terrible misunderstanding . ( then ) if I report it , they would have send people to kill it . keough , Kelly and Jack can not quite believe what they be hearing . then -- keough ma'am , how could you not report this ? he put human life at risk and -- bickerman nobody life on this lake . it 's really he lake now . ext . lake - continuous the chopper , free-floating , be drift near a small cove . hector , in diving gear , be about to go into the water , as Gare try to dissuade . gare ( get panicked ) c'mon hector . I know you be crazy but you can not -- hector I need to see he habitat . as he drop in . gare please . I will have sex with you , anything , but get out of the water . hector he 's not gonna hurt I . CUT to : int . bickerman house - continuous Kelly , Jack and keough with bickerman . bickerman murder and rape in the city . people bomb plane ... can the police stop they ? no . but feed one little cow to a crocodile ... keough you be to wait right here until the police show , you be under full house arrest . bickerman thank you , Officer fuckmeat . gare ( o.s. ) ( through walkie- talkie ) hank ! we get a problem with hector . keough ( into walkie- talkie ) what problem ? gare ( o.s. ) ( through walkie- talkie ) he go swim . CUT to : ext . lake - underwater - continuous hector be underwater , explore . angle gare on the chopper her radar be up , she hear something . but she do not see anything . she scan the surface closely . ext . lake - underwater - continuous the water be slightly more visible as hector swim . other than the odd school of fish , a otter , a snap turtle ... nothing extraordinary . then , a flash shadow loom over he . he look up , but see nothing . probably just the sun ducking under a cloud . it do make he sufficiently nervous , however , to head for the surface . he swim upward . ext . lake ( surface ) - continuous hector break the top . lift he mask , look toward the chopper , which he see about forty yard out . he continue to breaststroke on the surface . suddenly ... the croc 's head rise up right behind hector , who 's oblivious . he continue to swim . the croc follow . then ... maybe divine intuition ... hector get a feel he 's be follow . he then turn to look the other way , upon which he face go rigid . he p.o.v. about three foot from he nose ... be two giant eye stare at he . angle hector ashen . hector ( weakly ) oh .... my . the croc do not move . it just stare at he . then end of he snout be almost touch hector . hector himself do not dare move , for fear of spook the croc into action . we get the idea that look into the eye of this crocodile be not fill any spiritual void . a beat . hector ( cont 'd ) I suddenly feel a bit foolish . ( then ) you be different from the other . the croc raise he head now to reveal the snout . and he deadly smile . hector just try to tread water with as little motion as possible . he deathly fear a quick movement will cause he life to be over . perhaps this be what he come for . to be judge by this symbol of mythology . he backswim ever so slightly . the croc pursue just as slowly , they eye be lock . he could snap off hector 's head in a instant . hector ( cont 'd ) ( terrify ; try to convince himself ) Holy spirit of sobek . Holy ghost . ( swallow ) Holy shit . CUT to : int . sea chopper - continuous Gare still scan the water 's surface , look for any sign of hector . and she face freeze . oh yes , there 's the sign . her p.o.v. hector continue to backswim slowly to the plane and the croc slowly follow . gare hector !! we can hear the quaking fear in hector 's voice . as he continue to slowly backswim . hector ( to Gare ; force calm ) just turn the ignition , it 's fuel injected . Gare turn the ignition , the engine kick and die . gare come on . she turn it again and the engine turn over . angle hector the crocodile be still right with he as they inch closer and closer toward the chopper . hector I know under the circumstance , bite off my head might seem viable . it would cheapen you . but nothing 's funny about this to hector now . what he 's stare into be death . his own . Gare raise she rifle . gare I might get a shot . hector ( fear in he voice ) no . if you do not kill he instantly , I be dead and you will only kill he instantly if you get he brain , which be about the size of a cherry . and even if you be on target , a bullet might not penetrate he hide . angle gare gare ( be the croc ) jesus. ( to hector ) about twelve more yard . keep come just like that . angle hector craning to see how far away he be and as soon as he break eye contact with the crocodile , it growls . hector quickly lock eye with he again . angle gare gare ( weakly ) oh my God . resume by now hector be almost to the chopper , the croc be right there too . hector 's right hand then go slowly for he belt though it 's impossible to discern why . the crocodile seem poise to finish he . there 's a slight growl . and then suddenly , a small underwater pop , follow by a explosion out of the water . it 's a inflatable life vest and as it pop tart out of the water , the croc lunge for it . as the croc go for the vest , hector make he dash for the chopper . in almost a instant , he 's climb on board as the croc pull the vest into darkness underwater . hector 's up on the chopper 's ski . hector move over !! the crocodile 's head come thrust up , its massive jaw snap shut , miss hector by a inch , maybe two . hector dive into the chopper , scream . gare go !! she revs the chopper . the croc come up again , chomping down on one of the landing skis . both Gare and hector scream as the whole helicopter be jerk mightily . gare ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) go !!! hector I be try !!! the croc release and the chopper rights itself and begin to thrust off , when the croc surface again , mouth open . Gare fire she revolver . it might as well shoot bb 's . the croc be undaunted but he do miss the ski and by now the chopper be up and run , finally safely out of the reptile 's reach . CUT to : ext . campsite - twenty minute later Jack be nearly manhandle hector , pull he by the elbow towards he tent . Kelly and keough be there too . jack ( livid ) this time , I be gonna kick you ass . hector bastard bit my chopper . jack hey !! Jack simply grab he arm and squeeze a pressure point . hector yelp in pain . jack ( cont 'd ) you wanna kill yourself , that it , you look to commit some kind of divine suicide ? kelly alright , Jack ! jack no! ( back to hector ) you might think they be godly , you might get some spiritual lift backstrokin ' with dragon but you just put a deputy at risk and -- hector ( flaring ) let 's not overlook he do not eat I , maybe - - jack ' Cause he just eat a cow , you stupid - - kelly Jack ! hector I be a civilian ! you do not have any authority -- keough I can arrest you !! hector then do it !! keough you probably do want to be kill by it , that be you try to meet you maker . hector so profound and fat . hector , feeling hurt , stomp off again . Kelly look at Jack . then Kelly follow hector . int . hector be tent - a minute later hector enter , sit . a beat . Kelly enter , go to sit next to he . kelly ( softly ) do you want to be kill by it ? hector you think I be that nut ? kelly ( softly ) hector . ( then ) what you just do ... there be at least some sort of a death wish go on . hector nothing 's real . kelly Excuse I ? hector nothing 's real . ( escalate ) I be rich , people be automatically my friend , sycophant ooze out like oil slick and and and -- he 's sounding erratic . hector ( cont 'd ) with crocodile ... everything 's even . kelly I be no psychiatrist . but I would think there have to be better place to look for autonomy , than -- hector ( pain ) I be a empty man , Kelly , wealth have rob I of the dream in life , I sit here break , a hollow sack -- kelly oh , bullshit . and hector drop the act . hector do not even sound good ? kelly no. hector ( worth a try ) eh. fuck it . kelly can I tell they you will not go back in the water ? hector yes . you may . but maybe ... I do not know ... he have trouble say it . kelly what ? hector could we have intercourse ? she just whacks he . then exit . off hector , " worth a shot " , we : CUT to : ext . campsite - day Jack and keough be there to meet Kelly . jack just hear from Wildlife and Florida Fish and game . they should be here by four . kelly okay . jack we might as well pack . kelly good idea . hector ( o.s. ) they will kill he . they turn to see , hector be stand there . hector they be not go to be able to snag he in pitman . tranq he in water , he drown . kelly they could try to tranq he on land . hector ( know ) they will not . he 's take human life , the mission will be to put he down . keough gee , that would really disappoint I . hector forget about he be God , he 's thirty foot long , he be a miracle of nature , who somehow make he way to Maine . this be a grand beast . a grand dragon . a attempt should at least be make to capture he alive . jack well , you can try talk they into that , if -- hector I have enough flaxedil with I to put he out . and I think I know a way to -- jack forget it . hector look . I know I be crazy , but when they come , they will kill it . they have to , politically , he 's too dangerous , if something be to go wrong ... the odd be he will be destroy , -- keough hector ( cont 'd ) which be exactly please , hank , let I finish what ... I be have a sane moment , this be a window . hector ( cont 'd ) if he be neutralize when they get here ... they might consider save he . kelly and how would we neutralize he ? hector we lure he on land and pump he with the drug . jack no way . hector Jack . we have all see it . he 's probably a hundred and fifty year old , he 's bigger than a elephant . hector 's impassion here , he 's not fool around . jack so maybe Wildlife will try to save he , they be more equip to -- hector we both know what they will do . silence . admission by silence . then -- jack even if we could tranq he -- how would we get he on land . keough other than to eat we ? hector he follow anything that move . you guy can be in the truck with tranq gun . if he charge , drive off , plus hank you have get you hand - hold cannon . we could do this with no safety risk . if it work , we save a beast that should be save . a beat . they be sympathetic to the idea . jack and again . how would you get he on land ? hector that 's actually the easy part . CUT to : ext . bickerman' house - a hour later we hear the chopper . bickerman ( to keough ) I will sue you . keough go ahead . and up go hector 's chopper . and ... reveal connect to a long cable ... a cow . a airborne cow , dangle from the chopper . bickerman ( to Jack ) you can not take a cow by eminent domain . jack we will not let he get hurt , ma'am . bickerman you be all fucker . vicious little fucker . Jack turn to Kelly . jack be we crazy ? kelly well ... jack we have get a cow hang from a helicopter . she shrug . keough let 's get back to camp . CUT to : int . chopper - continuous hector pilot . hector not much drag . as long as I can keep he from swinging , we be okay . ext . lake - continuous hector 's chopper be fly the befuddle animal toward the cove . find keough , Kelly , and Jack on the water cruise back to camp . keough have he gun . ext . campsite - twenty minute later two pickup truck have be back in for a shoot vantage . Kelly , Jack , keough . riflemen be ready with tranq gun . angle jack jack ( into headset ) keep enough tension to hold he up , hector , we do not know if he can swim . hector ( o.s. ) ( through headset ) right . jack the more he thrashes , the better . hector ( o.s. ) ( through headset ) you ready on shore ? jack we be ready . resume the chopper lower the cow . he start to kick he leg in anticipation . jack ( o.s. ) ( through headset ) if he tire , lift he out . and the cow go into the water . he swim frantically a few meter . the chopper lift he out briefly . jack it can not work . kelly he have be go after everything . it could work . ( then ) but this be not a happy cow . jack he look like a giant tea bag . dissolve to : ext . lake - a hour later the cow have be dip more time than a stale do nut now and he just hang there like pasta . Jack , keough , and Kelly be poise with tranq gun on the beach . jack ( look through binocular ) he do not seem to be swim . be he swim ? kelly ( look through binocular ) he 's float . take it home . jack ( into headset ) hector . hector ( o.s. ) hold on ! int . chopper - continuous hector I get something on the screen . jack ( o.s. ) you do ? angle the screen there 's a mass ... move toward the cow . hector he 's come . ext . beach - continuous jack ( into walkie- talkie ; now adrenalize ) where ? where ? hector ( o.s. ) ( through walkie talkie ) thirty meter or so . move slow , but straight toward elsie . jack can you confirm visually or just radar ? hector ( o.s. ) ( through walkie talkie ) radar , he 's underwater . but he 's definitely come . jack okay . lead he in . ( to the other ; bark ) okay , everybody up on the truck . we aim for the stomach or side ... there 's little chance the dart will pierce he hide . everybody up on the truck . they move into position . int . hector' chopper - continuous hector ( charge ) on we way . there , he 's surfacing , there 's the snout . you little sucker . ext . lake - continuous sure enough ... that giant snout break the surface . ever so calmly ... it move toward the cow . ext . beach - continuous kelly ( into walkie- talkie ) if he get close , you go up , hector , do not you endanger that cow . keough she 's worried about the cow now . hector ( o.s. ) ( through walkie- talkie ) he 's follow . here we come . angle the radar screen depict the same . ext . beach - continuous jack ( to hector ) Nice and slow . ( to the other ) let 's get ready . hector 's chopper , cow dangle , be slowly approach the shore . behind it ... the snout and eye of a giant croc . back on the shore , keough 's man ready themselves for action . tranq guns. rifle ... the team be mobilize . we hear a distressed cry from the cow . kelly he 's moo . jack you would not ? keough they be come right in . kelly such a simple idea and it 's work . what do that tell you ? keough that it 's about to go wrong . jack ( into walkie talkie ) almost here , hector . do not forget to lift up the cow . hector ( o.s. ) ( sarcastic , through walkie talkie ) thank you , Jack . jack ( to the team ) you shoot on my order . if he charge , I will be yell " go " which mean driver take off . and drive fast , they can move on land . ( to keough ) you set ? keough do not worry about I . incredibly ... the plan be work . a giant dragon be follow a dangle suspend cow to the shoreline . hector dangle the cow closer , they be now near shore . the big crocodile , eye on the prize , be move in for the flank steak . the time be now . int . chopper - continuous hector we be in about four foot of water now . ext . beach - continuous jack Little closer . Three , two , one ... the crocodile then suddenly thrust up after the cow , snap at air . hector pull up with the chopper . jack ( cont 'd ) Fire !! Jack , Gare , and other officer pump the beast with tranq dart . but hector have take he chopper up too fast , cause the cow to swing like a pendulum . it rock the chopper . int . chopper - continuous hector oh , shit . the chopper be in trouble . the cow sway , the helicopter struggle to stay airborne . ext . beach - angle kelly - continuous kelly ( scream ) watch out !! jack keep fire ! the man continue to pump the beast with tranquilize dart . int . chopper - continuous hector 's have trouble righting he chopper . hector motherfucker . ext . beach - continuous suddenly the croc go up and grab the dangle cow , snap off the cable . jack shit !! and down come to the chopper , hector can not control it . it crash into the lake . kelly hector !! jack ( to keough ) take he . keough I can not . I will get hector !! jack where be he ?! kelly we gotta get to hector !! jack ( to the driver ) back we in a little , we need to get a shot ! hector pop he head out of the overturn chopper . he look around . hector where be he ? jack ( to the deputy ) tranq gun down , rifle up ! the man switch gun , under -- jack ( cont 'd ) ( yell to hector ) do not go in that water ! ( to the driver ) back we in !! as the pick - up back closer to the shore -- jack ( cont 'd ) ( to keough ) if you get a safe shot ... keough I will take it ! jack hector . do not move . the water be calm again . a beat . jack ( cont 'd ) ( to Gare ) you see anything ? gare ( look through binoc ) nothing . maybe he swim out . upon which the croc come thrust up out of the water charge the truck . scream . jack go !! drive !! the pick - up spin dirt , lurch forward , throw keough off balance . the croc head back for the water as keough regains he balance . jack ( cont 'd ) take he !! and keough blast . it detonate the ground near the croc cause he to surge airborne into the water . and he go under . silence . a beat . kelly do you get he ? keough I do not know . ( to the Driver ) back the truck -- all no !!! jack hector , you see anything ? angle hector on the pontoon of he chopper . he 's look about , study the water . hector no ! keough ( sarcastic ) I just have this feel everything 's totally safe . hector ( yell ) I see blood . maybe you get he , hank . and as hector look further . behind he ... up surface the crocodile in all he stealth . his head be two foot from hector and nobody know it . least of all hector . hector ( cont 'd ) I can not see he , but this be definitely blood . maybe you get he . and as he turn back , he see it . the croc come up as hector scream , jump off . scream . keough leap off the truck and charge into the shallow water with he gun , look to give hector some cover . hector then resurface swim to he bob chopper . he climb in . keough where be he ?! hector I do not know ! no sooner say than the croc come launching up . as he spring toward the open chopper cabin , hector , leap out on the other side . the croc 's head come crash clear through the cabin and he become wedge . the crocodile be stick , he protrude right through the chopper . he 's not completely immobilize but wherever he go now , the helicopter be go with he . keough hector !! but now Jack have join , rifle in hand . hector surface again , swim for shore . Jack run to help he onto land . keough ( cont 'd ) ( take aim ) alright . game over . but the croc look feeble now . he let out this moan of death . and even keough hesitates to pull the trigger . keough ( cont 'd ) ( to Kelly ) should I ? kelly wait . resume the croc , unable to dive , be now thrashing toward the beach . but there 's no rage in he behavior now . he seem desperate . he 's take some bullet , he 's tired , he 's wedge inside a two ton piece of metal and he 's exhaust . kelly I think the drug be kick in . breathe heavily , he lumber into the shallow water , unable to free himself from the mangle wreckage . as unbelievable as that cow look dangle from this very chopper , the sight be even more astonish , if not preposterous , now . a thirty foot exhaust crocodile be wear the break helicopter . and he just can not go on anymore . Kelly , hector , Jack , keough , stare back . they approach with caution . they all stare at the tired crocodile . angle the croc he 's now look back . bleed , gasp ... beat . in he eye ... we can see it . the beast be beat . angle the principle there 's no triumph . in they eye ... sadness . jack I do not think we really want to wait for he to catch he breath . it continue to breathe heavily . kelly he 's through fight . look at he . jack I do not care . hank. end it . keough raise he cannon . hector no. look . he 's get nothing leave . jack yeah and every time we think there 's no more danger -- upon which , a twenty footer , another croc , thrust up out of the water , seize hector . scream . it death roll hector , fling he out of he mouth and in second , he 's come up for more . keough blast he avenger . a direct hit . it take the smaller croc 's head right off send it sailing into the air . it splashes down , the first head not to hit Kelly . they all then go for hector , pull he to shore . he 's bleed . hector I be okay . kelly you be not okay , you leg 's a mess . jack get he onto shore . kelly he heed a tourniquet . keough quickly peel off he shirt . give it to Kelly , who go to work . kelly ( cont 'd ) you be gonna be okay . hector guess I finally get bit . kelly yeah , you get bit . I be gonna fix it . a sudden roar . Kelly scream as Jack and keough wheel to see ... the big croc . maybe he final roar , he look weak . gasping in the crash chopper . Jack and keough approach . keough ( quietly ; be the big croc ) he 's do . he 's die . jack do not count on it . ( then ) we better take he out . but something about this crocodile ... he eye look back at they ... nobody want want to take he out . angle the croc look back at they . he know he 's in they hand now . he know . angle the human a beat . hector ( quiet ) flax he under he tail . two hundred cc 's . under the tail , that will put he to sleep . upon which we hear the SOUND of truck . Florida Fish and game , U.S. Wildlife , arrive on the scene . jack thank god. officer colson , Florida Fish and game , emerge , approach . stare with utter disbelief . kelly we need to get it some medical help . ( be hector ) and he too . by now the Florida army have move in . they all stare with the same suspend disbelief . keough ( explain ) we trap he with we chopper . dissolve to : ext . beach - a hour later a crew , include vet , be work on the sedate croc , try to free it from the wreckage . find the paramedics with hector , on a stretcher . Jack , Kelly , and keough be there . paramedic we be gonna airvac he to Portland . kelly okay . ( to hector ) that 's where they be take the croc , hector , they have get some big tank there . hector he 's gonna live ? kelly yeah . thanks to you . hector and hank. ( to keough ) I know you be not really try to hit he . keough ( gently ) I be aim for you . hector smile . hector thanks for the rescue . Jack lean down . jack you take care . hector you talk to bickerman ? jack she do not tell we about the other croc ' cause she be afraid we would blow it 's head off . hector woman 's intuition . be there anymore ? jack just that two . paramedic we gotta take he . jack okay . paramedic we get room for one . jack well ... I get stuff to pack up and ... he look to Kelly , but before she can say " yes " -- keough ( grudge ) I will go . hector smile . the paramedics board hector . keough turn to Jack . keough thanks for you help . jack you too . handshake . respect . that 's about as much affection as you get from keough . he then extend he hand to Kelly . kelly I be sure this would offend you on principal but ... could we keep in touch ? keough I guess . and she kiss he on the cheek . keough fight off he blush , board the chopper . as it then lift up , Kelly turn to Jack . kelly well ... jack you wanna ride in my truck ? gare ( arrive ) you truck be jamme . should we take some stuff out ? kelly no , no , I will be a while anyway . I be gonna say goodbye to the lake . jack you sure ? I do not mind ... kelly no , I actually want to stay for a little while . they hold a look . then -- kelly ( cont 'd ) I will miss you most of all scarecrow . and she kiss he cheek . jack if I be ever in New York ... kelly yeah . they hold another look . jack y'know , if we do not live in separate world and ... ( a beat ) kelly but we do . ( then ) hey , we will always have Maine . he smile . jack it be ... something meeting you . kelly likewise . he kiss she hand . hold a look . head off . dissolve to : ext . beach - dusk the tent be down , everything 's pack . a couple truck remain . the croc be go . thing be quiet . Kelly stand down by the water , stare out . her p.o.v. hypnotic beauty . the lake do not even ripple . she soak it in as if she know it may be a while before she ever get close to this again . she hear every bird . include a distant loon . serenity have return . then suddenly ... a stone go skip out , four , five , six skip . Kelly turn around . Jack stand there . they hold a look . jack I think I should say goodbye to the lake too . he approach . take she hand . kelly ( weakly ) different world , Jack . jack yeah , I think about that as I be drive ... and ... I have not find somebody in my world . you find anyone in yours ? kelly no. jack so I be think ... maybe if I meet anybody in my world who be good for you and if you know somebody in New York good for I , we could fix each other up . kelly you think ? jack Worth a try . we do not wanna be alone forever , do we ? kelly probably not . they hold a look . he kiss she softly . jack that be ... y'know if the guy ask I can she kiss , now I will be able to tell he if you can . kelly good think . and they kiss again , this one escalate a little . they break . and then he hold she . tightly as the camera pull up to a aerial view of they , embrace at the water 's edge . dissolve to : ext . maine turnpike - aerial shot - dusk Police car , light flash , motor down the highway . behind they ... on a flatbe truck ... a thirty foot giant crocodile . headed down the southbound lane of the Maine turnpike . Rolling . Rolling . Rolling along . it do not even look ridiculous . we have become accustom to such sight . as we lift up higher and higher , richie haven ' " I can see clearly now " resume . eventually , we : dissolve to : ext . campsite - sunset Jack and Kelly board he vehicle . they drive off , as we : dissolve to : ext . bickerman farm - sunset daffy Mrs. bickerman sit at the end of she dock , foot dangle in the water . throw bread crumb . bickerman cute little button . mommy love you . come eat you supper little button . nibble mommy 's toe . reveal Three , maybe four , crocodile hatchling , a foot in length , be swim near she foot , eat the bread , nibble she toe . off they , then happy Mrs. bickerman , we : fade out . the end