land of the dead original screenplay by GEORGE A. romero august 24 , 2004 atmosphere entertainment romero-grunwald production copyright 2004 all rights reserved black . the SOUND of channel be turned on a tv . title up : " some time ago " . newscaster ( o.s. ) it 's hard for we here to believe what we be report to you , but it do seem to be a fact . click ! in a corner of the black screen , a SMALL tv appear . on it , in black &amp ; white , a newscaster sit at a anchor desk . newscaster ( o.s. ) body of the recently dead be return to life and attack the live . click ! with each click , the tv disappear , then reappear in a new position on screen . credit roll in the surround black . newscaster ( o.s. ) murder victim have show sign of have be partially devoure by they murderer . click ! another newscaster be on the tv now , sit in a more modern studio . the broadcast remain in black &amp ; white . second newscaster because of the obvious threat to untold number of citizen , due to the crisis that be now develop this radio station will remain on the air day and night . click ! the second newscaster look more and more dishevel . second newscaster ( o.s . ) it have be establish that person who have recently die have be return to life and eat the flesh of the live . click ! second newscaster ( o.s. ) we must not be lull by the concept that this be we family member or we friend . they be not . they must be destroy on sight . click ! a third newscaster , more haggard than the other , sit at a anchor desk on a barren set , still in black &amp ; white . 2 . third newscaster ( o.s. ) every dead body that be not exterminate become one of they . it get up and kill . the people it kill get up and kill . they kill for one reason . they kill for food . click ! third newscaster ( o.s. ) if this situation be allow to continue , there will be nothing leave . nothing . click ! third newscaster ( cont 'd ) it 's over . finish . finish . it 's they world now . click ! in absolute black , a single word fade up : " today " . a SOUND fade in too . tchick ! ka- tchick -tchicky-tchick ! soft. metallic . it make we nervous . ext . uniontown - night 1 1 in color : a full moon shine over a picture - perfect american town . people , see in silhouette , stroll past quaint shop whose sign promise reliable appliance , well -made clothes , solid value . a diner have a neon sign that offer the " best eat in town " . but something be wrong . the neon be not light . nothing in town be light . Street lamp , window , be all dark . tchick ! ka-tchick-tchick . that disturbing SOUND continue . some of the pedestrian drift into " uniontown park " , milling around a gazebo , where three " musician " be struggle with a trombone , a saxophone , and a tambourine . they can not seem to make the instrument work , except for the tambourine player , who be rattling out a few very unrhythmic beat . that 's where that sound be come from . tchick ! ka- tchick -tchicky-tchick . a closer inspection reveal : the " musician " be dead . so be the " pedestrian " . flesh be rotting off they bone . the town itself , which at first look so perfect , be rotting too . mike ( o.s. ) they be try to be we . riley ( o.s. ) they use to be we . a N 3. ext . hilltop above uniontown - night 2 2 riley ( worried ) they be learn how to be we again . riley denbo watch the town through binocular . 32 , make rugge by reality , he have a heart beneath he tough exterior . mike converse , 21 , young and unseason , have the eagerness and passion of someone young and unseason . mike of way . some germ or some devil get they thing up and walkin' . but there 's a big difference between they and we . they be dead ! 3 3 ext . " uniontown texaco " - night dead teenage couple walk hand - in-hand near the gas pump of a defunct texaco station . the boy step on the little hose that bing when a car pull in . out of the building come ... ... a attendant . it be once tall and handsome . now he face be a wrinkle map of death . he have lose its leave arm . dried blood darken the shoulder of its jump -suit , where the arm be tear away . a " texaco " patch tell we the thing use to work here . embroidery tell we he nickname be once " big daddy " . he go to the pump and remove the nozzle . turn , as if search for a car to fill with gas . there be none . mike ( o.s. ) it 's like they be pretend to be alive . ext . hilltop above uniontown - night 4 4 riley be not that what we be do , son ? pretend to be alive ? ext . dump - night 5 5 the SOUND of groaning wood as three heavily - armed guerillas push a large crate over a precipice into a deep garbage pit below . five similar crate lie amid the rubble . insect buzz . rat crawl . human skeleton , most headless , lie everywhere , no flesh leave on they bone . that with head show various wound to they skull . except for one , which ... ... suddenly , startlingly move ! its bony arm reach up from the bottom of the pit toward ... ( 4. ... cholo demora , a latino in he 20 , handsome , roguish , and confident ... a bit too confident . he reach over he shoulder and unstrap a crossbow . cholo poor bastard . wfffft ! cholo shoot the skeleton . his arrow go completely through the white skull . ext . moving van - night 6 6 the door of a beat - up white moving van open . cholo reach in , throw back a oilcloth that cover another crate . guerilla Whole lotta trash this week . cholo that 's life , brother . a whole lotta trash . as the man tip the crate onto a dolly , maggot be reveal in the darkness beneath , squirming in a pool of blood . ( what 's in that crate ? ) 7 7 ext . hilltop above uniontown - night riley and mike watch three dead thing lumber toward they R from the town below . iley they know we be here . they can smell life . smell blood . ext . " uniontown texaco " - night 8 8 through the binoculars : big daddy replace the nozzle in the gas pump . sense something , it look around . up. his dead eye lock on riley 's . Big daddy grunt . responding to he ... ext . hilltop above uniontown - night 9 9 ... the three dead thing move up the hillside with more determination . riley glancing at Mike 's gun ) you any good with that ? mike dunno . it 's my first trip . never have to use `em before . m R 5 . riley great . I be out here with a guy who can not shoot . let 's go . Mike stand , turn , and ... ... be grabbed from behind by a zombie ! it 's not one of the three they have be watch . this one wear the remain of a clown suit . half its bulbous red nose have be eat away . paint eyelash make its stare alarming . its orange hair be crawl with spider . it wrestle Mike to the ground . open its lipstick mouth . be about to bite Mike 's neck when ... ... riley fire he .45 . blam ! a bullet shatter the clown 's shoulder cap . the dead thing be pitch backward , but seem to feel no pain . it hunker over Mike again . iley fire four more time . three bullet rip into the clown 's chest , neck , cheek . finally , the FOURTH punch a hole above the thing 's leave eyebrow . the clown drop . ike look at riley . m ike Jesus . you can not shoot , neither ! 10 10 int . dead reckoning - night riley and mike step into a tight , uncomfortable space . generator whir . gear turn . the two man open a storage locker and strap on ammo belt as ... ... something terrible loom out of the shadow ! it move toward riley and Mike , who can not see it from behind the locker . the left side of the thing's face have be burned away . only scar- tissue remain , and a single usable eye bulg from a socket . riley turn . see the thing . and , surprisingly , he relax , recognize charlie houk , a heavily - armed guerilla whose intellect be as burn as he face . charlie tcha doin ' , riley ? riley havin ' a bad dream . charlie I have bad dream . Hell , yes . just look at I , you can tell that I have terrible dream . 6. riley the town be full of walker . charlie every town be full of walker . riley this be not just walk . they be like ... regular folk . charlie but they be dumb , riley . Hell , dead folk be near as dumb as I ! riley you learn how to make yourself useful . that 's what they be do . woman' voice ( o.s . ) they dumped the trash . cholo 's on he way . riley and Mike look across the room in the direction of the voice . twenty foot away , a woman sit at the control of what look like a scavenge airplane cockpit that 's outfit with a mixture of high - and low-tech equipment . she wear a black leather jacket with " pretty boy " emblazon across the back . mike ( surprise ) pretty Boy 's a dame ? riley this one be . last one be a guy . mike what happen to he ? pretty Boy turn , poke she finger through a bullet hole encrust with year - old blood in the chest of she jacket . pretty boy I keep he jacket . for good luck . mike luck ? riley put some flower in the graveyard . pretty Boy reach out and flip a toggle switch on the control panel . thoomb ! thoomb ! deep concussive sound can be feel as much as hear as ... I y C C 7. ext . dead reckoning - night 11 11 ... riley , charlie , and mike step out of a vehicle the size of a city bus . the word dead reckoning be paint on its side . this be no bus . it 's a war wagon , build of scavenged part with a riveted steel skin . gattling gun protrude from a mean - looking snout . a roof turret support two fourteen inch -cannon . rotating light shine in all direction , pierce the night . thoomb ! thoomb ! thoomb ! that sound again . mortar tube on the vehicle 's roof be launching firework that burst in the sky . charlie ( look up ) ` Flowers in the graveyard ' . why do you call `em that , riley ? I do not get it . this here flower be not the kind you lay down on the ground . this here be sky flower . Way up in Heaven . R iley I love ya , Charlie . know why ? cuzz you still believe in heaven . the white moving van roll in and park beside Dead reckoning . cholo jump out with the three guerillas from the dump . holo you guy scope out the town ? riley look like nobody 's hit it before . four guerillas get into a old t-bird convertible mount with machine gun . two other armed men climb onto motorcycle . the very night seem to growl as everyone start they engine . holo ready ? charlie always ready . just look at I ou can tell I be always ready . cholo I look at you , all I see 's a idiot . charlie I do not think that 's all you see . bet you see this iron , too . R R 8. Charlie be wear four holster sidearm , two shoulder automatic rifle , a remington ... and a sly smile that make we wonder whether he 's a idiot or not . cholo let 's go have some fun . riley ai not about fun , cholo . vrooom ! the t- Bird and the motorcycle pull out toward town . iley we go in , do we job , and get out , all of we alive , okay ? I do not want any fuck - up on my last day out here . C holo ( grinning ) my last day , too . iley look surprised . cholo mount a motorcycle , revs the engine , and head out . cholo ( cont 'd ) yeeee-haaaaaaaa ! charlie what would he do , hit the lottery or something ' ? riley somethin ' . ( wonder ) somethin ' . riley and Charlie start to get back into Dead reckoning . Mike follow , pause to look up at the " sky flower " . mike do that thing really work ? riley yup . ( almost sadly ) stench can not take they eye off `em . ext . MAIN STREET - uniontown - night 12 12 dead thing stand completely freeze in the middle of main street , like statue , mesmerize by the firework . only one figure be move . big daddy . he weave between he brother and sister , urgently wave he one good hand , like frankenstein 's monster , as if to say " bad ! bad ! " he have learn that firework bring danger . R C 9. a dead teenage cheerleader , hold filthy pom-pom , look at Big daddy , unable to grasp what he 's try to communicate . a spear be driven through the cheerleader 's face ! the spear be hold like a lance by harry , a guerilla who roar past on he motorcycle hoot like a cowhand on round - up . other biker rumble down the street , fire gun . Big daddy watch the cheerleader fall . it throw its head back and let out a great howl . int . dead reckoning - night 13 13 through the windshield : riley recognize big daddy from the gas station . he also recognize the thing 's anguish as ... ext . top of MAIN STREET - uniontown - night 14 14 ... dead reckoning , mortar still shoot firework , stop on the edge of town . cholo pull up alongside on he bike . int . dead reckoning - night 15 15 through the windshield : riley and mike watch the t-bird roar down MAIN STREET . the four guerillas inside laugh gleefully as they use the machine gun to mow down hapless Zombies . m ike I think it be gonna be a battle . this be a fuck massacre . holo ( through a open hatch ) kid , this be the toughest guy in the `hood . you can not keep `em from wantin ' to get some chuckle . iley give cholo a irritate look . cholo ( cont 'd ) hey , not I , boss . you tell I not to have any fun , I be not have any fun at all . ( to Mike ) come with I , kid . I will show you the rope . Mike climb out and get on the back of cholo 's motorcycle . riley where you goin ' ? cholo to get supplies . essential supplies . that 's job we job , be not it ? G R 10 . ext . uniontown foodmart - night 16 16 the white moving van pull up to a supermarket . the dead thing in the parking lot , gaze at the firework , barely notice the vehicle . marksmen keep the lot cover as guerillas carry case of canned good out of the supermarket and into the van . the team have this down to a science . iley' voice come over one guerilla 's hand -held radio . riley ( o.s. radio filter ) how 's the food ? guerilla # 1 ( into he radio ) lousy , but there 's lot of it . 17 17 ext . uniontown side STREET - night dead reckoning rumble down a side street , its steel skin reflect the flash of firework . int . dead reckoning - night 18 18 pretty boy drive . riley stand beside she . riley ( into radio ) number two , what 's you location ? guerilla # 2 ( o.s. radio filter ) D rug store . need a aspirin ? I get a million of `em . riley ( into radio ) antibiotics . we need antibiotic . guerilla # 2 ( o.s. radio filter ) we be set . riley ( into radio ) number Three ? ext . uniontown gun store - night 19 19 uerillas load box of ammo into a jeep . guerilla # 3 ( into radio ) gun and ammo , boss . h a 11 . ext . MAIN STREET - uniontown - night 20 20 harry , the biker with the spear , be make another run toward a WALKER , who stand mesmerize by the firework , when ... whap ! Harry be send flying ! dead woman , once pretty , wear a softball uniform that bear the number nine , have use its bat to hit a home run . Harry 's riderless motorcycle fishtail up the street and hit the side of a building . arry try to get up . two dead thing attack he . another motorcycle , drive by anchor , who look like popeye , rumble up in the nick of time . anchor Harry , jump on ! Fighting off the Dead thing , Harry get on and speed away . int . dead reckoning - night 21 21 pretty boy turn a corner . out the windshield , riley see ... 22 22 ext . MAIN STREET - uniontown - night ... cholo and mike , on cholo 's bike , join up with foxy , a red-haire guerilla on he own motorcycle . the three drive toward the end of town . riley ( o.s. ) what the fuck ? ext . uniontown state store - night 23 23 cholo screech to a stop at a liquor store with mike and foxy . all dismount and start toward the entrance . they stop as dead reckoning pull up and riley and charlie climb out . charlie nothin ' in there but booze . booze be not essential . foxy a jug of good kentucky go for fifteen hundred back in town . riley ( to cholo ) I be not risk anybody 's ass just so you can pick up some side money . R 12 . cholo not askin ' you to . cholo and foxy start into the liquor store . the door be wide open . all that can be see from outside be darkness . iley Mike ! wait ! but Mike have follow the other inside . 2 int . uniontown state store - night 4 24 cholo unstrap he crossbow and lead the way cautiously into the dark space . every subtle SOUND in the silence put mike more on edge . his hand tense on he gun as shadow loom in front of he . shadows that could be zomby , but be not . behind the dusty glass door of a once - refrigerate wall - unit , cholo see a case of dom perignon . he go to the refrigerator . re-strapp he crossbow , he open the door . reaches in for the case of champagne . his two hand grab it . a third hand grab it ! cholo look up . the refrigerator have no back wall . a dead thing with a manson-like swastika tattooe in the center of its forehead have step in from the shadow of a load area beyond . it grab cholo with a terrifying growl . cholo fall under the weight of the champagne , and the weight of the Dead thing , which drop on top of he . they roll , struggle . the thing hold cholo in a death grip . at the front of the store , Mike fumble with he rifle . foxy shoot at the Dead thing and miss . cholo punch the thing with he free hand . the Dead thing 's head recoil , but lower again toward cholo , the swastika loom , drool tooth bare for a bite . cholo 's eye flash . it 's the first time we have see he scared . blam ! charlie fire one round , right into the center of the swastika on the Zombie 's forehead . the thing crumple . mike Nice shootin' . charlie good shootin ' . ai not no such thing as nice shootin' . R of R m 13 . a foot kick the Zombie off cholo , who look up to see ... ... riley extend a hand to help he to he foot . riley Close one . cholo I be still here , be not I ? everyone relax . cholo pick up the case of dom . the other head toward the front of the store . tilt down to the floor as they foot move past . in the gloom behind stack of carton ... ...a dead hand appear . reaching . cholo shit ! look out , kid ! the hand grab Mike around the ankle ! Mike turn , raise he gun . too late . a dead uniformed policeman , the skin on half its face stripped down to bone , rip a hole in he leg with its tooth ! ike scream , stagger into a wall , and drop to a seat position on the floor . riley and Charlie spin around at the sound of he cry . cholo , close to Mike , pull he crossbow and fire a arrow through the Zombie 's head . C holo fuckin ' rookie . cholo tuck away the crossbow , grab a box of cohibas off a counter , and run outside with foxy . riley go to Mike . iley ( kneel ) it 's alright , son . you be gonna be alright . mike no. I be dead . you get bit by one for that thing and you become what they be . riley wrap a strong arm around Mike and lift he . Mike quickly plant the barrel of he .45 under he chin and ... blows he own brain out ! iley , stunne , let the corpse slide to the floor . he look into the rookie 's open eye , devastate . B 14 . ext . MAIN STREET - uniontown - night 25 25 the white moving van , the t-bird , and the jeep roll out of town in a convoy . trail they , three sadistic guerillas on motorcycle roar past , fire ... ...a hail of bullet at a dead family on the sidewalk . the mother fall . not shot . it have be grabbed and shove down to the ground by ... ... big daddy ! who grab the little girl next , thrust she roughly behind the protection of a wreck car . the father be last . Big daddy grab it from behind , by its hair , just as ... ... round from a uzi drill a dotted - line across the Father 's neck . Big daddy be unhurt , but spatter with blood . not red , greenish - black . the blood of the dead . T here 's a ripping SOUND as the Father 's neck be pulled apart by the weight of its limp body . the body drop to the street . the head remain suspend in Big daddy 's hand . his face contort . his mouth open and close , try to utter sound . ig daddy drop the head , look down at its befuddle eye with sympathy . after a moment , the sympathy be join by rage . Big daddy lift he right foot and bring it stomping down on the disembody head , crushing its skull . the convoy roar off , leave a cloud of exhaust . Big daddy see Harry 's down motorcycle lie in the street . the butt of a automatic rifle protrude from a saddlebag . Big daddy go over . pull out the rifle . test the weight of it in he hand . curl he finger in through the guard and pull the trigger . blam ! a bullet ricochet off a brick wall . Big daddy be startle at first . then , he relax , realize the rifle 's power . with surprising dexterity , he sling the weapon 's strap over he head and across he chest , patting the strap as if comfort by it . turn , he look toward ... ... the distant glow of a skyscraper that can be see on the horizon . that 's the direction the convoy be head . that 's where the bad man come from . that 's where he want to go . reverse angle : with the city in the distance , Big daddy start walk . number nine fall into step beside he . soon there be more . none of they know where they be go . or why . all that seem to matter be that they have a leader . 15 . ext . depot - pre-dawn 26 26 dead reckoning , emit tendril of hot steam from twenty steel nostril , stand park in a corner of a fence - in outdoor yard . ( we do not see how big the yard be . yet . ) a searchlight sweep the darkness as guerillas unload the supplies they take from uniontown and carry they toward ... ... a set of rusty steel door , above which be a fade sign that read " subway ( to CITY ) " . in the bustle of activity , harry , the biker who be attack in town , perspire as he help unload . he look ill . riley walk past , hand out bottle of beer to the man . riley Harry . beer ? Harry do not answer . riley ( cont 'd ) Harry ? Harry spin ! growls ! lunge at riley like a beast ! riley have no time to reach for he gun . the Harry - thing be strangling he . smashing the neck of a beer bottle on the snout of Dead reckoning , riley jam the jagged glass into the Harry - thing 's forehead . its body drop to the ground . pretty boy get knock off he bike in town . must have be bit . riley look down at the body with a mixture anger and regret . int . subway tunnel - dawn 27 27 a mile - long subway tunnel extend into blackness . a wide platform run the length of the track , at the head of which a derelict train be park . a cargo carrier pull out , drive along the platform , its flatbe pile with supplies , while another carrier be be load with box of food , pharmaceutical , ammunition , and ... two body bag . charlie shit happen , riley . riley ( blame himself ) only if you let it . T 16 . the cargo carrier that be first to pull out drive into the tunnel . ceiling light space far apart stutter on and off . two guerilla , anchor and mouse , who look like a mouse , ride on the open flatbe with the cargo . the tunnel be fill with loom steel shape that cast menace shadow . mouse shift nervously . suddenly ... ... plink ! something wet fall on he face ! he jump . recover . wipe he cheek with he sleeve . mouse I hate go under the fuckin ' river . he take out a joint . light up . the match flare . splat ! mouse and the match be soak by water drip from above . 28 28 ext . the CITY - day river flank a triangle of land where a CITY glow in the sunrise . once proud and prosperous , its building now seem like tombstone . seven barricaded bridge span the river . announcer ( o.s. ) protected on three side by mighty river , the city stand as a monument to man 's ingenuity . at the center of it all be fiddler 's Green . 29 29 int . subway tunnel - dawn a tv monitor broadcast view of a kitchen , a plush live room , a den with a video fireplace . announcer ( o.s. ) luxury live in the grand old style . dine at one of three restaurant . look for that perfect gift in we fabulous shopping mall . he monitor show a huge atrium with shop and restaurant . guerilla ( o.s. ) they make it sound nice . cholo ( o.s. ) it be nice . holding he case of dom perignon and he box of cohibas , cholo look with foxy at a monitor mount to a white - tile subway station wall . down the tunnel behind they , the other guerillas unload supplies from cargo carrier park on the platform . a sign read , " golden triangle / fiddler' GREEN " . m C for E W R 17 . riley ( approach ) cholo . foxy move away , leave riley and cholo alone . riley two people dead . that kid , Mike . he should be here with we right now . C holo I do not kill he . he get bit and he kill himself . same thing I woulda do . and you ! iley lunge at cholo , take hold of he shirt , and slam he against the wall . riley the fuck be you turn into , man ? cholo e take money to do nasty shit . shit that nobody else be dumb enough to do . we go in know the risk . the kid do too . his number come up , that 's all . riley we take the risk to bring in thing people need . not to make a few extra buck sell liquor . you use to know that . cholo everybody make they own way . verybody make they own uck way ! holo shrug out of riley 's grasp . behind they , the guerilla continue to unload cargo . cholo ( cont 'd ) y daddy ... he pick fruit , penny - a-piece . he never go for anything , so he never have anything . I be gonna have a place , riley . my own place ! and now I get enough money to buy my way in . a nnouncer ( o.s. ) be not it time ? be not it you time ? for fiddler 's Green . B R 18 . cholo look up at the tv monitor . riley follow he gaze , see well - dress people sip cocktail in a club room . iley you be dream , cholo . they would never let I in . they will never let you in . we be the wrong kind . the image on the tv monitor change to a overhead view of the city and its river . animation draw a red line along the base of the " golden triangle " , a zone know as " the throat " . announcer ( o.s. cont 'd ) bask in the security of a city protect not only by its natural boundary , but by hand - pick member of its own private militia . ext . the CITY - " the throat " - dawn 30 30 in live action , not on the monitor , weary troops , sloppily uniform , guard four row of electrify , barb - wire fencing . dead thing cluster by the dozen outside the barricade . m corpse hang all along the stretch , suspend on the barb . ilitary woman stench ! ten o-clock ! a WALKER lumber in and touch the fencing . SPARKS fly ! the thing 's flesh be literally cooked ! boil develop , popping OPEN , emit smoke . still the thing remain animated . military man take its fuckin ' face off . udda - budda -budda ! the military woman fire . the thing be decimate . its body hang , weld to the sparking barb . 3 int . fiddler' GREEN central mall - morning 1 31 cholo approach a checkpoint manned by two security guard . setting down the champagne and cohibas , he unstrap he weapon and hand they over . cholo demora . supply unit security guard what 's in they box ? cholo essential supplies . for the man upstairs . l R 19 . the Guard take cholo 's weapon and return a claim check . cholo collect he box and step onto a escalator that carry he up into a enormous atrium . the " mall " we see on tv . sunlight splashes through glass wall onto box - plant tree . cage bird chirp seemingly in tune with the chopin that lilt over a sound system . shopper , expensively over - dress , stroll past store . other resident lunch at " outdoor " cafe . cholo pull out a kerchief and wipe the smudge off he face , try to make himself presentable . 3 ext . " golden triangle " - morning 2 32 fiddler' GREEN , a heavily protect high - rise in the center of the city , dominate the skyline . it 's where the fat cat live , protect from urban decay . the building be surround by unoccupy high - rise that define " the golden triangle " , a clean section in the center of the city . no ugliness in view . riley and charlie cross a manicure plaza to a checkpoint manned by two security guard . riley hand over he id . riley quittin ' time , deke . security guard ( holding up the id ) you be gonna need this . riley ( walk on ) nope . when I say quittin ' time , I mean quittin ' time . ext . " ghetto " - morning 33 33 riley and charlie walk down a street into the city 's " ghetto " zone , which be line with tavern , gambling club , strip joint , like a boom town from alaskan gold - rush day . buyer and seller lurk in the shadow , copulate , deal drug . iley be welcome by nearly everyone he pass , greeting they in return with a smile and a nod , hand some bill to a father with a young son , patting a old man on the back . charlie wanna get a drink , riley ? just ook at I , you can tell I could use a drink . riley later . gotta see a man about a car . ( 20 . Charlie follow riley , who stride into ... ... a alley , surprised to find a cadre of rough - look revolutionaries , lead by mulligan , a defiant man who stand on a soapbox . a small audience be gather in front of he . he take a swig from a bottle of whiskey . mulligan irish accent ) how long be you gonna let he push you around ? if there be enough of we ... if you all would join up with we ... we could pull he down off he throne ! some of the people in the audience nervously shift they eye to the fiddler' GREEN high - rise ten block away . riley you can not fix a place like this , mulligan . you just have to get out of it . mulligan we have get the firepower , riley . if you and you friend would come in with we , we would be unstoppable . mulligan hold out he bottle to riley , who pass it to Charlie , who take a swig . riley everyone 's stoppable . we hear the sound of a boy cough . mulligan 's son brian stand behind he , look feverish . mulligan you alright , son ? brian I be fine , dad . as riley start past , he stop , pull something from he pocket , and press it into mulligan 's palm . riley antibiotics . for you boy . mulligan look down with gratitude at a bottle he hand . when he look up again , riley be go . h h 21 . ext . garage - morning 34 34 turn a corner , riley and charlie stop in front of a rundown garage with a tarp hang down instead of a door . riley pull it aside and look in . a hobo lie asleep on a grease - stain floor , curl under some old newspaper . riley where 's the car ? obo ( waking ) what car ? riley my new car . I pay for it . I be here yesterday . there be two guy get it ready for I . obo there be nobody here this morning . riley sonofabitch ! charlie what happen , riley . didja get fuck ? riley stand there , grim -face . riley ( a whisper ) come on . int . penthouse corridor - fiddler' GREEN - day 35 B 35 ing ! a elevator door open . cholo , carry the champagne and cohibas , step out , walk to " penthouse number one " , and ring the bell . a instant after he push the button ... ... the door be jerked OPEN by tyler knipp , 50 - something , a African american man in a white butler 's jacket . frightened , he 's wield a scissor , poise to strike . knipp ( lower the scissors ) oh , mister demora . mister Kaufman be not home and there 's some shit goin ' down . no lie . I hear ... a scream ring out down the corridor ! knipp ( cont 'd ) I hear that ! 3 22 . another scream . knipp ( cont 'd ) oh , man . mister K. sure gonna be upset about this . cholo drop he box and move down the corridor . knipp ( cont 'd ) I call Security . they should be here ... cholo reach the door to penthouse number two . it 's lock . another scream from inside . he fling himself at the door . the latch splinter out of the frame . the door burst open ... int . penthouse number - two - fiddler' GREEN - day 6 36 ... and cholo enter a dark foyer . the only light come from another room somewhere inside . a soft , rhythmic squeak , like a child 's swing move back and forth , echoes through the apartment . it 's a eerie , incongruous sound . on guard , eye strain , cholo move inside . the squeak get louder , the light brighter as he turn a corner and see ... ...a middle - aged man , hanging dead from a homemade noose suspend from a light fixture in the kitchen ! the body sways slowly , the harsh glare make the man 's face even whiter than it be . a topple chair lie on the floor at he foot . cholo stand transfix for a instant . and in that instant ... ... he be grabbed from behind ! he whirl , ready to kill , but find only a middle - aged woman , 60 - something , wear a tailore suit and expensive jewelry , she perfectness blemish only by she hysteria . woman my johnny , he kill himself , he kill himself . my johnny ! my johnny ! cholo shake she , hard . cholo keep it together , lady . behind they , in the kitchen , unseen , a daze young man , walk up to the hang corpse . he rights the topple chair and step on it , lift a pare to knife cut through the noose . 23 . young man ( softly , to himself ) dad . oh , dad . woman ( to cholo ) se - Security . be you Security ? cholo no , I ... woman then , for God 's sake , who be you ?! she resume she scream . in the kitchen , the Young man be slice through the rope when he dead father' eye pop OPEN ! the Young man be too busy with the rope to notice . the hanged man' eye blink . once. twice . Three time . its body twitches . and then ... ... the hange man turn , make a move on the Young man . the motion increase the strain on the light fixture , which pull away , sparking , from the ceiling and crash to the floor , along with the hange man and he son . the entire apartment be plunged into darkness . the woman stop she scream . almost as soon as she do , a snarl can be hear from the kitchen , follow by another scream , this one come from the Young man . cholo rush to a nearby fireplace and grab a poker and a matchlight , which look like a pistol , but shoot FIRE from its tip . he approach the kitchen , use the flame to light he way . in the flickering glow , he see ... ... the Young man lie on the floor . chunks have be bitten out of he neck and wrist . the body be convulsing in the last moment of life . the hanged man be nowhere to be see . cholo stand over the Young man and stab he in the head with the poker , jabbing the point all the way through . the woman scream again from the kitchen doorway . cholo shut up ! I gotta hear . where would he go ? where would the other guy go ? silence . cholo pull the poker out of the Young man 's head . shuffling sound . he follow they to the other end of the kitchen , probing the darkness with he matchlight . the sound be louder here . cholo lift the poker , ready to strike . just as he do ... 24 . ... the back door of the apartment burst OPEN and a security guard lunge into the kitchen , rifle in hand . security guard ( to cholo ) Drop it ! cholo drop the poker and hold up he hand . cholo hey , no problem . two more security guard come through the apartment 's front door and rush into the kitchen . cholo ( cont 'd ) no problem , no problem ! but there be a problem . there 's a dead guy walkin ' around in here . the hanged man appear without warning , attack one of the guard who just enter , biting off half he leave cheek , include the eye . before he partner can raise he gun , the woman grab it from he ! aim at the hange man . woman you selfish bastard ! you left I alone here ! she fumble with the weapon , not know how to make it work . the bitten security guard start to lose all strength in he leg . the Dead thing hold he up , as if waltzing with he , biting he again and again . cholo take the gun from the woman and shoot the hange man . bitten security guard I need help . I need help ! cholo kill the bitten security guard , too . surviving security guard you ... fuck ! cholo turn the gun on the survive security guard . cholo you wanna talk about this ? I do what I have to do . I only do what I have to do ! R T R R 25 . int . " the arena " - day 37 37 riley and charlie step into the cellar of a old brownstone . dirt floor . Stone wall . the place be fill with smoke and buz with fly . as riley and charley turn they gun over to two big bruiser inside , a tout name roach sidle over . tout ( eyeing the weapon ) supply run last night , uh ? Bet you have some money in you pocket . I can show you how to turn that money into more money . riley roach . where 's Chihuahua ? tout maybe I can find he for you . come on in . riley be already in . he have push past the tout and be stride into a fog where gambler be rush to place bet with heavily - armed bookies . we be remind of a cock - fight joint in a pancho villa movie . riley lot of action tonight . tout gotta new kind of game . iley stride toward a cluster of bettor . a very tall man stand among they , wear a Texas stetson that stick up high above all other head , its peacock feather poke even higher out of a snake-skin hat band . iley grab he and spin he around . he man 's foot be off the ground . Way off the ground . Far from tall , he 's a little person , who have be stand on a platform , wear a purple satin pimp -suit . he 's a latino , who look like a Chihuahua . and that 's he name . chihuahua . C hihuahua put I down ! put I down ! iley what happen to my fuck car ? chihuahua what ? they be fix it up . B 4 26 . riley I go over to the garage . you guy be not there . the car 's not there . my dinero 's not there . chihuahua hey , this be not I . I do not do this to you . I be you friend . put I down . come on . I find out what go wrong . riley just get I the car , or they will carry you out of here inside that fuck hat . int . backstage - " the arena " - day 38 38 in a dark catacomb , dead men be chain to the wall . wham ! a pole shoot out . a noose on the end encircle the neck of a captive Dead man and be cinched tight . two men hold the pole while a third spray red paint on the thing 's face . another dead thing be drag in and spray with black paint . int . back office - " the arena " - day 39 39 cursing in Spanish , chihuahua pull a glock out of a filing cabinet and jam a magazine up its butt . 0 40 int . CENTER ring - " the arena " - day riley and charlie drift into a large room that 's pack with bettor hoot and holler like football fan . they be all jamme onto tiere wooden view stand arrange around a iron -mesh structure that look like a lion - tamer 's cage . Gates open . the painted walker be thrust inside the cage . they noose be release . the gate be lock behind they . D ead red , alarmed by the color of dead black 's face , reach out and gently touch the paint . its finger come away with blacken tip . lack follow suit , stain its finger red . Black lick its hand , spitting when it identify not blood , but something distasteful . bookies drift among the spectator , take bet with fist full of cash . charlie what be they betting on , riley ? S . 27 . riley Red or Black . who 's gonna win the fight . charlie what fight ? stench do not fight . tout ( o.s. ) they do when there 's food . the tout sidle over . riley what 's on the menu today ? cat or dog ? tout I tell you . today it 's something new . clang ! another gate open in the cage . a hush fall as everyone await what will come . include the Dead Men , who gaze with anticipation at the open . what come be ... ..a woman ! alive , badly bruise , she dress in tatter . despite tarnish , she still look sexy . last night she be a hooker know as slack . now she 's meat in a lion cage . riley Jesus fuck Christ . the gate slam shut . the Dead thing walk toward the woman . riley rush off . Charlie follow . S lack back up , hit the wall of the cage and , terrify , start to circle its iron perimeter . the Dead Men flank she . Black be the first to touch she . the crowd howl . lack 's terror turn to determination . she punch Black three time in the face . the thing recoil as she glide out of its grasp . riley and charlie reach the bruiser who take they weapon . riley give we we gun . bruiser ( handing over the weapon ) you leavin ' ? riley cock he m - 16 . T 28 . riley in a little while . in the ring , black reach for slack again . with one lightning - fast move , she kick it in the chest , send it fly into Red 's arm . Red shove Black aside . Black make another try for the woman . Red grab its rival . this time Black hang on to Red 's shirt . the two twirl around in a staggering lampoon of a wrestle match . slack rush to the side of the cage and start to climb . she 's agile . strong . but she almost fall as the cage shake with the force of ... ... Red slamming Black against the mesh . on they way back through the arena , riley and charley push through the crowd , try to reach the center ring . a goon step in front of they . goon no gun in here ! riley give he a rifle butt in the face and move on . S lack continue to climb the cage , almost out of reach , but Black grab one of she ankle , pull she down and slamm she to the ground . Black hunker , drool , over slack . as it be about to bite , rat -a-tat ! a short burst from riley 's m - 16 shatter Black 's collarbone . cheekbone . Skull . the thing drop . Red lunge for slack . riley kill it with another short burst . he crowd panic , stampede toward the exit . suddenly more bullet fly , this time from a glock , fire by ... ... chihuahua , who , in a rage , be push through the legs of the flee crowd . he make it to a clear spot and draw a steady bead on a target ... Charlie . Chihuahua pull he trigger . riley beat he by a instant , firing the m - 16 . just as Chihuahua 's gun goe off ... a line of bullet hole perforate the little man 's belly . the round from he Glock miss Charlie completely . riley run to the cage , where slack stand , tremble , just on the other side of the bar . R iley you okay ? F C 29 . she nod gratefully . hihuahua be still on he foot . and now he be really piss . not because of the hole in he gut , but because ... chihuahua my suit ! you fuck up my new suit ! riley turn to Chihuahua , but do not have time to lift the m - 16 before ... blam ! the little man fire at he . slack deliver a powerful kick into the flexible fencing , send riley sprawling to the ground and save he from ... ... Chihuahua 's round , which miss riley ... but hit slack ! spun around by the impact , she fall face down . Chihuahua continue to FIRE . riley Marine -crawl as bullet punch around he , sparking off the cage . Chihuahua keep come , keep firing , until ... ... a single shot from Charlie 's .45 shatter he skull . he drop like a break pinata . riley look up , see two other men with gun . Chihuahua 's goons . for a moment it seem as if a major shoot match be go to break out . but before it do ... policeman ( o.s. ) hold it ! . .. four policemen burst in . the goons lower they weapon . riley run back to the cage , blast the lock on the nearest gate , and rush inside . slack 's body be lie on the floor . he suspect she 's dead . when she body move , he suspect worse . he plant the barrel of he m - 16 against she temple . slack I be alright , i'm alright ! slack use she leave arm to push herself up to a sit position . her right arm be bleeding , up near the shoulder . slack ( cont 'd ) ucker get my right arm . I be a lefty . they look into each other 's eye . riley see you around . slack see you around . y I 30 . a policeman step over . policeman the hell happen here ? riley somebody shot the little fat man . policeman yeah , I see that . you be under arrest . int . board room - fiddler' GREEN - day 41 41 a uniformed guard leave cholo in a pristine white conference room with glass wall overlook the rotting CITY far below . cholo set the case of champagne and the box of cohibas on a conference table . a sman stand in silhouette at the window . ilhouetted man how be uniontown ? cholo Dead . silhouetted man death intrude on we even in the Green , I be afraid . I hear about what happen with my neighbor . I be grateful for you help . cholo bring you back some present . cholo open the case of champagne . he pull a bottle out , untwist the wire , and use he strong thumb to pop the cork . foam run . cholo ( cont 'd ) ou probably want a glass , do not you ? sure , a high - tone man like to drink out of a glass . cholo grab a highball glass from a cupboard , pour champagne into it , and bring it , overflow , to the silhouett man . cholo I get something else , too . cholo tear open the box of cohibas . he pick up two cigar , bite off the tip , put one in he mouth , then , walk back to the silhouett man , put the other in he mouth , lighting they both with a wooden match that he strike on he jeans . F 31 . silhouetted man thank you . cholo no , thank you ! twenty grand . that 's what I get comin ' for last night . I never bother to pick it up . S ilhouetted man you do not ? cholo nope . I leave it in the bank . you bank . with all my other dough . rom all that other night . I get enough now to buy I a place . silhouetted man you mean here ? in the Green ? the silhouett man step away from the window . expensively dress , in he early 60 , he be paul kaufman . he set down the highball glass cholo give he , get out a proper champagne flute , and fill it from the bottle , smile politely at cholo . kaufman I be sorry , mister demora , but there 's a very long wait list . cholo how long ? kaufman this be a extremely desirable location . Space be limited . cholo you mean restrict . kaufman well , I do have a board of director , a membership committee that have to approve ... a wave of incomparable sadness sweep over cholo 's face . C holo I guess it take more than money to become a " member " . ( y k 32 . kaufman take my advice . withdraw you fund from the bank and spend they somewhere else . cholo ( quietly ) do not do this to I . do not do this to I . aufman I be sorry , but ... cholo no , no , no . Three year ! Three year I be clean up after you , take out you garbage , and you tell I I be not good enough ? you be the one who 's no good . you be no fuck good . and you be gonna let I in . you know why ? because I know what go on around here . how many of you fuck " member " know what 's in that garbage I take out for you ? cholo lunge at Kaufman , grab he by the collar . cholo ( cont 'd ) ou'll let I in or i'll ... cholo feel the barrel of a .45 against he waist . Kaufman , who have draw the pistol from he jacket , be still smile . kaufman maybe we should talk about this when you be less excited . Kaufman press a button under the table . three security guard rush in , grab cholo , and drag he away . Kaufman stop one of the guard at the door . kaufman ( cont 'd ) softly ) I will not be need this man any more . int . stairwell - fiddler' GREEN - day 42 T 42 he security guard lead cholo down the stair . cholo whirl like a ninja . he slug one guard , kick another in the groin , the third in the face , and escape through a fire door . c I with 33 . int / ext . jail - afternoon 43 43 riley rip off part of he shirt - sleeve and start to bandage the wound on slack be arm . they be in a jail cell that have brick wall and a small bar window face a dark alley . charlie , stripped of all he gun , stare outside longingly . riley ( to slack ) why you ? in that arena . why do the little fat man throw you in with that thing ? slack it be not the little man . it be the big man . the man upstairs . he 's get he finger in everything down here . if you can drink it , shoot it up , fuck it , or gamble on it , it belong to he . he 's just seein ' that we get a few cheap kick so we do not go thinkin ' too hard about why he 's eat steak and the rest of we be lucky to get the bone . riley same question . why you ? slack they find out I be work with mulligan and he people . tire of eatin ' off cbone . harlie what can you do ? every place be the same . riley place with people . I be gonna find I a place where there be not no people . North . Canada . slack wherever you be go , take I ith you . charlie he will not . riley like to be alone . he might take I . cuzz havin ' I around be pretty much the same as bein ' alone . ( glancing at riley ) can make myself useful . and I a shoot . C S 34 . slack I can shoot . and I can be pretty fuck useful . I have training . I be gonna join the Army . up the Green . till somebody figure I would be a better hooker than a soldier . riley I do not need to hear you story . everybody 's get a story , and I be tired of hearin ' they all ! slack what 's you story , riley ? they look at each other , clearly attract . R iley I say everybody have a story . that be wrong . I do not have one . daddy be a preacher . mama keep the house . school. Engineering . nothing bad ever happen to I ... ( turn away ) ... till everything change . lack everything change for all of we . whether we have a story or not . a SOUND outside the window . Charlie glance through the bar . charlie hey ... riley and slack look out the window . four security men be chase mulligan into the alley outside . they drive he like a animal against a wall , club he , and drag he away . riley mulligan . riley instinctively reach through the window 's bar , but there 's nothing he can do . it 's a helpless feel . harlie what be they gonna do ? kill he ? slack not right away . first , they will try to get what they can out of he . about people like I . riley put he hand on she back . g t 35 . int . bedroom - afternoon 44 44 in a ratty bedroom , foxy be waken out of a snore by cholo . cholo we be take the truck out . get he guy . foxy riley ? cholo no , not he . just the regular uy . know what I mean ? ext . depot - night 45 45 crane down from a fade sign , tony's automania , high above what be once a car dealership , but be now a fence - in depot full of vehicle . a huge white face with black cartoon eye pop into view , attach to a ten -foot -tall body emblazon tony baloney . it 's one of that vinyl advertising dummy that do the hula as air pump through it . tony 's arm wave wildly , like a giant zombie , comic yet oddly unnerve as ... blam ! blam ! bullet hit it in the face and neck . gus , a young soldier , and he partner barrett , be shoot outside the sale office of the car-lot-turned - depot . a sign be print on the window . " best deal in town and that's no baloney ! " B arrett ( handing Gus a five ) you win . you get he in the brain . int . subway tunnel - night 46 46 screech ! cholo pull a cargo carrier to a stop along the platform of the tunnel . foxy , pretty boy , mouse , anchor , and scar , the youngest of the team , leap off the flatbe . ext . depot - night 47 47 the steel door under the " subway " sign open and cholo stride out with he team . a depot guard step forward as the door close and lock automatically behind they . depot guard what 's up , cholo ? cholo ( flash a official - look paper ) takin ' the truck out . 36 . depot guard you just get back in this morning . cholo nobody get a day off this day . depot guard ( take cholo 's paper ) hey , wait a minute this be from yesterday . cholo ( keeping he cool ) oh , I must have give you the wrong one . here ... cholo reach down , but not into he pocket . for he gun . just before he draw it ... shot ring out . cholo ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? depot guard relax . just target practise . 48 48 ext . depot - tony's automania sale office - night gus double or nothing ? barrett sure . gus aim he rifle at the jerk head of tony baloney . as he be about to fire , there 's a SOUND at he back . gus quit scratch around back there . you be tryin ' to fuck up my aim . barrett I be just standin ' here . I be not doin ' nothing . the SOUND come again . from the wood that adjoin the lot . Barrett grab the handle of a klieg light mount on a pivot and swing it so that it illuminate the tree-line . T here 's nothing there . nothing but branch be slap by erratic gust of wind . Barrett pivot the klieg light back to its original position , jump out of he skin when the bright white beam reveal ... a dead thing within arm 's length . 5 37 . Barrett fire ! the dead thing drop out of frame , replaced by another . blam ! Barrett shoot again . this creature collapse . it be also replace by another , which be also shot , as ... blam ! the top of Barrett 's head be take off by a rifle shot . the rifle be fire by big daddy . the barrel be still smoking . in the darkness behind he stand number nine . behind number nine be the shuffling shadow of many more dead thing . gus scream . ext . depot - night 49 49 cholo what 's that ? scream practice ? gunner ( o.s. ) stench ! Jesus ! they be all over the place ! the depot guard turn and run toward he man . cholo' team unstrap weapon and get ready for battle . cholo ( stop they ) ai not we fight . stench be make it easy for we . C let 's grab the truck . holo and he team sprint across the lot to dead reckoning . a gunner at a machine - gun battery open fire on the walker . many of the round spark off the wire fencing . 0 50 int . dead reckoning night cholo and he team scramble into the vehicle . foxy should we send up some `sky flower ' ? cholo no . that thing want to get in here ... let `em in . ext . depot - night 51 51 the walking dead march through machine gun FIRE behind they " leader " . big daddy . he be the first to reach the fence surround the lot . push against the wire , he be soon join by number nine . then other . the fence collapse . the Dead thing swarm into the depot . vrooom ! dead reckoning pull out . rumbling over the section of fencing the zomby push down , it drive into the night . k 38 . soldier abandon they station and scatter , shoot wildly . number nine knock one of they cold with its baseball bat . the soldier fall , lose he m - 16 . big daddy grab the bat and throw it aside . pick up the soldier 's m - 16 , he press the weapon into number nine 's hand , even arrange number nine 's finger on the trigger . ratatatat . with the gun aim at the ground , number nine fire a burst that send she into a spastic dance . the soldier sit back up . draw a pistol . Big daddy grab the barrel of the still - fire m - 16 and guide it along the pavement to ... ... the soldier 's leg . bullet march up he groin , belly , chest , and , finally , head . he drop . another soldier attack . this time , number nine aim she weapon purposefully and score a direct hit . other dead thing smack at the steel door that lead down to the subway . they can not get through . lose interest , they drift slowly away , until they attention be refocus by ... ...a grunt from Big daddy , who be gaze toward the glow of the fiddler' GREEN high - rise across the river , closer now than before . the city . that 's where he want to be . that 's where he 's determine to go . int . kaufman penthouse - fiddler' GREEN - night 52 52 kaufman rip a turkey leg off a cook bird on a platter in front of he and eat . across the table sit one of he board member , harrison sutherland . knipp enter . knipp phone call , sir . kaufman thank you , knipp . I will take it . knipp bring a radio- phone to the table . Kaufman pick up the receiver and lift it to he ear . kaufman yes ? cholo ( o.s. ) aufman ? Kaufman tense , just enough for sutherland to notice . kaufman ah . the one that get away . S 39 . cholo ( o.s. ) you say we should talk when I be less excited . I be a lot less excited now . kaufman what do you want , mister demora ? 5 int . dead reckoning - night 3 53 cholo I can not have a place in the Green , fine . I will go find another place . but you know what I be gonna need ? money . I want my money out of you bank . and I want the rest of the money out of you bank . and if you do not give it to I , I be gonna blow you out of you fuckin ' ivory tower . I have get Dead reckoning . int . kaufman penthouse - fiddler' GREEN - night 54 54 kaufman that 's unfortunate . cholo ( o.s. ) put the money on a boat and send it across the river to the South side . tenth Street pier . one man to drive the boat , no more . you have get till midnight . four hour . I will not be there . Dead reckoning will not be there . but I will know if it happen . I will know if it do not happen . click ! cholo hang up . utherland trouble ? kaufman in a world where the dead be return to life , the word `trouble ' lose much of its meaning . ( beat ) he want money . sutherland pay he . kaufman we do not negotiate with terrorist . there be other option . k 40 . int . jail - night 55 55 clang ! a fiddler' GREEN security guard open a cell door . S ecurity guard which one of you be denbo ? riley , charlie , and slack exchange glance . what now ? int . fiddler' GREEN boardroom - night 56 56 kaufman sip a scotch . sutherland be present , with a middle - age board member name chandler style and cliff wood , who be young and ambitious . all of they be nervous , pace . a door open and riley be ushere into the room . kaufman mister denbo . come in . can I offer you a drink ? riley I do not drink . kaufman well , then ... please sit down . riley nobody else be sit . I think I will just stand here , like the rest of you . while you tell I why I be stand here . aufman we need you to repossess a vehicle that belong to we . the vehicle you design , mister denbo . Dead reckoning have be steal . by you second in command . I want he capture . or kill . and I want my two - million - dollar piece of equipment return . R iley the truck . kaufman which have gun . Big gun . that could do a great deal of damage if he be to aim they at this city . riley why do not you just send out you troops ? C h 41 . kaufman I do not want to lose they . I could send five hundred man against that thing and they would all come back in body bag . it 's you vehicle . cholo be you man . you might be able to get close enough to ... do what have to be do . ( refilling he scotch ) do this for I and I will grant you something in return . residence in the Green . riley not I . that 's what cholo want , and you do not give it to he , do you ? that 's why he 's out there wave a cannon at you ass . Kaufman will not admit that riley 's right , but he look at he with a glimmer of respect . riley ( cont 'd ) give I one of that vehicle , over in the depot , weapon , and enough ammunition to go north . kaufman but ... there 's nothing up north . riley that 's the idea . kaufman alright . you have name you price . a easy one to pay . R iley one more thing . my friend . they go with I . kaufman take they . e look at riley , a hint of desperation behind he eye . kaufman ( cont 'd ) a you find Dead reckoning ? quickly ? riley how quickly ? 42 . kaufman by midnight . riley I have a way . ext . industrial STREET - night 57 57 dead reckoning rumble along a dark street , plow into a derelict car , knock it aside and roll it down a small embankment , pin three dead thing beneath . int . dead reckoning - night 58 58 cholo' team laugh raucously at the fate of the zomby . cholo ( tense ) knock it off ! ext . industrial STREET - night 59 59 big daddy step out of the darkness , watch the light of dead reckoning recede . he hear desperate squealing come from under the topple car . he lumber down the embankment . pushes on one of the upturn tire . he can not turn the car by himself . he look back to the road . grunt . number nine and other of big daddy' gathering force hurry to the car . they push . the car roll over , freeing the three dead thing . one of they use to be a butcher . still wear a blood-stain apron , carry a meat cleaver , he look at Big daddy with something resembling gratitude . int . fiddler' GREEN weapon storage - night 60 60 soldier pass out monster weapon to riley , charlie , and slack . riley strap on a k - 90 . Charlie turn one down . charlie I like the iron I already get . soldier this piece fire fourteen round a second . Charlie unstrap he own remington . a la sergeant York , he lick he thumb . wet the sight . and blast a cockroach climb on a wall twenty foot away . C harlie I do not norm 'ly need fourteen round . m k C T 43. slack I will take that gun . soldier can you handle it ? slack better and you . the safety 's off . he soldier check the gun . the safety be off . he click it on and embarrassedly hand the weapon to slack . riley ( to slack and Charlie ) you guy do not have to come out with I if you do not want to . slack tie she hair back with a bandana . check she gun clip . slack I would feel like a dick if I do not . harlie I too . just look at I you can tell I would feel like a dick . slack some shit , be not it ? goin ' out to save a place we do not give a fuck about . riley it 's not the place . it 's the people in it . aufman ( o.s. ) mister denbo . riley turn . kaufman and sutherland enter with several other . kaufman ( cont 'd ) you friend be go out with you . I want some of my friend to go along , as well . ( turn ) anolete . a hispanic man step forward . manolete that 's how I be call ... manolete . after the bullfighter . 6 m ( p 44 . kaufman teahouse . teahouse step forward . a mean-look asian right out of mortal kombat . he join he hand , as if in prayer , and bow . kaufman ( cont 'd ) illsbury . p illsbury be a woman , a sumo-size samoan , six hundred pound and seven foot tall , swagger , deck out in a clatter of fight gear . slack ( cont 'd ) impress ) damn . pillsbury speak with a voice as deep as the mindanao trench . pillsbury I come here to do sumthin' . not stann aroun ' . why we stann aroun ' ? less go do sumthin ' . 61 61 ext . 10 th STREET pier - night a long dock jut into the river . dead reckoning stop beside it . mouse jump out . cholo stand in a open hatch . mouse ( look around nervously ) do not leave I alone here long . cholo at midnight . give I a call . let e know if we be rich or not . mouse nod , run off to hide in a boat shed . ext . depot - night 2 62 the steel door to the subway tunnel open . riley and he team step out . the depot have be devastate . fire burning . fence down . only tony baloney move , still wave spookily . C harlie geez . cholo make a mess . riley cholo do not do all this . Cloud of thick black smoke from the fire billow across the depot , restricting visibility . ever-shift opening in the cloud reveal glimpsis of tear body part . 45 . riley ( cont 'd ) stench have be at this place . he lead the way into the depot , he m - 16 at the ready . behind he , all eye peer nervously into the smoke . everyone speak in hushed tone . manolete when the truck pull out , it must have knock the fence down . that 's how they get in . riley that fencing be push in from outside . teahouse you know how many stenches it would take to do that ? riley there 's a thousand of they out there for every one of we . charlie good thing we be smarter . slack look who 's talkin' . riley they be get smart . I see it in uniontown , last time out . they be learn how to work together . thought darken . so do the smoke , which billow thicker , virtually blind the team . sound come . the moaning of the wind . the popping of burnt metal and wood . teahouse what do they want ? slack look back as she walk . the zomby have take down another section of the depot fence , beyond which lie a suburb . Beyond which be the river . Beyond which be the glow of the fiddler' GREEN high -rise . slack they want the city . riley the city be we . they be after we . we piss `em off one too many time . m o S T 46 . manolete they will never get across the river . charlie thank Heaven . riley gotta love the guy . he still believe in Heaven . anyone get a radio ? teahouse pull a Motorola from he belt . just as he toss it to riley , they hear ... growling ! he team draw they weapon , stand in a loose circle , they back to each other , gun search for a target . darting eye peer into the void . more noise emanate from somewhere . everywhere . slowly ... ... Charlie unstrap he remington . lick he thumb . wet the sight of the rifle . lack ( a whisper ) why do you do that ? charlie ( whisper back ) catch the light . right now it 's moonlight . let I see where I be aimin' . blam ! Charlie fire ! a single shot into the black smoke . slack the hell you shoot at ? charlie that thing . a dead man step out of the smoke ! before anyone can react , it grab slack 's shoulder from behind ! she whirl around . pull away . be about to shoot when she see a entry wound on the leave side of the thing 's forehead . charlie ( cont 'd ) ff-center . but I get he . the thing relax its grip and drop at slack 's foot . anolete ( hysterical ) there 's more of `em out there . I can hear `em . there's more ! there be shuffling sound in the smoke . manolete back away . pillsbury grab he . slap he , hard , across the face . m R y 47 . pillsbury if they be more , we gonna need of gun . pull `em out n'stann up wid we , like de man you be not . riley lift teahouse 's Motorola and push " send " . riley riley denbo . Calling the Green . int . fiddler' GREEN boardroom - night 63 C 63 lose on : sutherland be alarmed face . sutherland what ? a trooper , equally alarmed , be report . trooper wipe out ! that 's what he say ! denbo ! he say the depot be wipe out by stenches ! kaufman thank you . keep we inform . ext . depot - night 64 64 riley and he team move through drifting smoke . vehicle be scattered about . they stop at the t-bird . there be no key in the ignition . charlie gotta go get the key , riley . iley look across the lot to the charree ruin of a shack . Tire fire burn around it . debris smolder . riley ai not no key to get . melted . anolete screw key . hot wire the fucker . manolete climb in and go to work under the dash . pillsbury h e feelin ' better since I hit `im . suddenly , charlie draw he .45 and fire at slack ! blam ! the bullet buzze just above she ear , blow a wisp of hair as ... . C T S 48 . ... a dead old man behind her drop , a hole in its head . lack thanks , Charlie . that be useful . the wind shift and black smoke envelope they . manolete I can not see ! riley pull out a flashlight and shine it under the dash . he team fan out around the T - Bird . the smoke be so thick they can not make out anything . include each other . harlie peer into opening that shift on the breeze . what he do not see , what he can not see , be what 's behind he ... ..a female WALKER , wear the soile and tatter remnant of a bridal gown . the fabric seem to glow in the smoke . the bride shuffles toward charlie . we see it come . no one else do . just as it open its mouth to bite ... blam ! slack shoot ! her bullet cut closer than the one Charlie fire , clipping off the top of he ear before dropping the bride . slack even-steven . charlie not ! that hurt ! I do not hurt you ! manolete fumble with color wire under the dash . riley hurry up . pillsbury ( impatient ) yellow to red ! teahouse what the fuck do a samoan know about hot-wire car ? pillsbury five thousand car . stole . every year in Samoa . manolete fifty thousand in Mexico . R 49 . pillsbury Mexico get a million car . Samoa get five thousand . every one . stolen . the t-bird engine revs . manolete I got it ! let' get out of here ! riley lead the team into the T - Bird . manolete start to get out from under the dash . as teahouse settles into a seat by the door ... ... something heavy and wet smack he shoulder . it 's a forearm ! it drop onto teahouse as if throw at he . teahouse God ! oh , GOD , what' this ?! teahouse hurl the bloody thing onto the asphalt . shockingly , the arm spring back , thumping against teahouse 's face ! a twist of tear muscle , no thicker than clothesline , be keep the limb loosely attach to ... ... a dead thing that have crawle beside the T - Bird . lift itself , it bite a large filet out of teahouse 's arm . charlie m shoot it . anolete climb up behind the wheel and ... vrooooom !... pedal to the metal he pull out of the depot . slack glance at teahouse , then , wind in she hair , lean in close to riley . slack ( softly ) how long do he have ? riley I have a brother . Real brother , by birth . bit. hung on for six day . before he turn . I be the one have to shoot he . slack and you say nothin ' bad ever happen to you . riley that happen to my brother . slack ( into he eye ) but you keep go . iley get to , right ? C B k k S S y 50 . slack up . Dead be dead . and that be not you . and that be not I . slack turn to teahouse . lack ( cont 'd ) orry , man . I truly be . she draw she .45 , aim at teahouse , and fire . int . fiddler' GREEN boardroom - night 65 65 kaufman pace with a cigar , pass sutherland , style , and cliff . aufman I recognize that some of you be concerned . we have be threaten by a disgruntled employee . I have send people out to take care of the problem . however , should something go wrong , I want to assure you that measure have be take . I have establish outpost . with food and supplies to support we on we way . C liff on we way ? to where ? kaufman alternate site have be choose . Air transport have be arrange . for we and we family . as well as necessary support personnel . cliff what about all the other ? Kaufman look at cliff , as if expect he to understand . aufman all the other can be replace . y other . liff but ... kaufman cliff , let I talk to you for a moment . Kaufman lead cliff into ... 51 . ... a alcove on the far side of the room , shutting two pocket door make of sandblasted glass . sutherland and the other can not hear , but can see , Kaufman and cliff in silhouette . on the other side of the door : Kaufman lean close to cliff , smile , he eye blink a bit too rapidly . kaufman ( cont 'd ) you interrupt I . I be just talk about how people can be replace . you do not want to be replace , do you ? cliff ( nervous ) no. kaufman no , and I do not want to replace you . you have promise . a day may come when you earn yourself some responsibility . right now , the responsibility be mine . all the responsibility . it be my ingenuity that take a old world and make it into something new . I put up fence to make it safe . I hire soldier and pay for they training . I keep the people on the street away from we by give they they game and vice . it cost I money ! but I spend it because the responsibility be mine ! now do you understand " responsibility " ? cliff yes , but ... kaufman no but . cliff but ... Kaufman look disappointed . take cliff by the arm , smile again , he lead he over to a outer door and open it . a armed security guard stand in the corridor outside . kaufman take he out with the rest of the garbage . I will not be need this man anymore . W 6 F o 52 . at the conference table , sutherland see the light come in from the outer corridor , better define the silhouettes as the Security Guard drag cliff away . S utherland ( to style ) pretty soon it 's go to be one of we . ext . carnegie - night 66 66 n a overgrown suburban street , a lawn tractor , drive by a gardener in work clothes , drive back and forth , back and forth , over a swath of dead grass . the gardener be dead too . int . dead reckoning - night 67 67 cholo watch the gardener through the windshield . cholo if I do not have this truck , I be no different to Kaufman than that poor mexican bastard out there . close on : cholo' watch . 11:20 . oxy he 's never gonna pay . cholo he know it 's he ass if he do not . cholo slide open a small window , grab he crossbow , and shoot the gardener in the head . ext . alley - night 8 68 angle on : a solid wall of wood . big daddy , number nine , and other of the dead push against it . the wood hold . Big daddy turn , surveying he troops . focus on the butcher . on the meat cleaver it have in its hand . Big daddy pound on the wood , demonstrate . point at the meat cleaver . pound again . the Butcher get it . approach the wall . hack ! the meat cleaver chop into wood , splintering it . reverse angle : from the other side of the wall as the wood splinter to reveal big daddy' eye stare through at ... ... the fiddler' GREEN high - rise , loom closer than it be before , though it 's still across the river . S R R 53. ext . mckeet rock - night 69 69 close on : a small , electronic unit , the size and appearance of a " game Boy " . a LED screen show a blinking red dot move along a map . riley ( o.s. ) turn leave up here . slack , drive the t-bird now , make the turn . the car blow through a desert town , move fast . riley notice that slack be effect by the desolation she see . iley how long since you be out here ? slack never be out . live in the city since ... it be a regular city . iley pull over . slack ( surprise ) huh ? riley you say you be go to make yourself useful . right now what I could use be for you to pull over . he do . the t- Bird stop along a road border by a marsh thick with tall cat tail . unexpectedly , riley stand and point he automatic at pillsbury and manolete . riley I make a deal with you boss . find cholo . I be gonna do it . keep he from blow up the Green . I be gonna do it , I do not want people to get hurt . bring back Dead reckoning ... sorry . that 's where I stop . I do not ask he for much , just gun , ammo , and a car . I have get the gun . I have get the ammo . and if I find Dead reckoning I be gonna have the best fuck car that 's ever be build , and I be take it to Canada . if any of you do not like that idea ... riley reach down and open the passenger door . manolete look out and see the cat tail moving . three walker be slogging through the marsh . C R R 54 . manolete some choice . pillsbury G ood choice . I like see Canada . pillsbury reach out and slam the car door close again . iley Charlie , keep this two cover . Charlie pull he .45 . riley turn around he seat , glance down again at the " game Boy " in he palm . the red dot have move on to another map . riley ( cont 'd ) take a right onto Route six . slack pull out . slack this be what you be think about all along . you get I out here figure I be a boy scout , and now you be tell I we be just steal a fuck car ? iley you have a problem with that ? slack no . I like the way you think . harlie I like the way he think , too . just look at I you can tell I like the way he think . riley take another right . slack how do you know which way you be go ? riley hold up the " game Boy " . it beeps softly as the red dot shift onto another map . riley I build a home device into Dead reckoning . if cholo 's anywhere within fifty mile , we can track he . 55 . ext . road - night 70 70 dead reckoning stop on a long road , at the end of which stand ... ...a military complex . the beam of a searchlight sweep back and forth over the building , a sign of life . int . dead reckoning - night 71 71 cholo check he watch . 11:29 . he speak into a transmitter . cholo mouse . anything ? int . shed - 10 th STREET pier - night 72 72 mouse stand in the shed , hold a transmitter of he own . mouse not yet . no boat . no money . no nothing . 73 73 int . dead reckoning - night pretty boy I be tell you , he 's never gonna pay . cholo that 's why we be here . cholo look out the window to the searchlight sweeping over the military complex in the distance . int / ext . impala - country road - night 74 74 slack drive as riley monitor he " game Boy " . riley shit . he 's go to Ross Park . slack what 's there ? riley powder magazine . where they keep the big boomer . rocket . for Dead reckoning 's cannon . 56 . int . shed - 10 th STREET pier - night 75 75 mouse look at a grimy window as the shadow of a WALKER stop just beyond the glass . mouse fire a burst shatter the window and drop the Walker . silence . mouse take a tentative step toward the window . a scratching SOUND . something climb up onto the sill from outside . mouse raise he gun , but hesitates when he see ... ... it 's a child . a girl scout . it die at age nine , still wear its uniform . now , it 's voracious . it grab mouse 's gun-hand . the weapon fire harmlessly into the floor . mouse be about to be chomp when ... ...a stalagmite of glass in the top of the shattered window drop , piercing the girl scout 's head . mouse run scream to the door , where he be grab by another dead thing . and another . as he be torn apart , he see that there be dozen more . ext . river - night crane up to reveal : ... a army of the dead lining the riverbank for as far as the eye can see . close on : big daddy . only the river now flow between he and he goal : fiddler' GREEN high - rise , so near and yet so far . 76 76 int . kaufman penthouse - night wham ! the door slam behind kaufman as he enter the foyer . knipp emerge from the rear . knipp any word from mister denbo , sir ? kaufman no. pack we up . we might have to be leave . knipp in the helicopter ? kaufman we will only need one of they . 57 . int / ext . dead reckoning - night 77 77 pretty boy ease the vehicle up the road to the complex of building : ross park , a sprawling munition depot . the searchlight continue to sweep across the night , but no one be man it . it 's mount to a automatic rotator on the roof of the main building . foxy look like no one 's here . the gate stand wide open . there 's no sign of life . cholo punch a button . the side hatch hiss OPEN . cholo foxy . you be elect . get out there and see what the fuck . foxy move out through the open hatch . cholo ( cont 'd ) somebody go out and help . scar grab he weapon . scar I will go . ext . river - night 78 78 one of the dead topples face first into the water , drop out of sight . another fall . big daddy look at the spot where he brother fall in . he look for a long time , cock he head like a puppy try to understand a high wind . the first Dead thing slowly rise out of the water . then the second . they stand , waist deep , in the shallow . Big daddy gaze down at the water , a concept dawn . then , with grim purpose , he step deliberately off the low wall . hitting the river , he manage to stay on he foot . stand , waist deep , with the other , he scoops up water with he one good hand . sniff it . tastes it . he look up . see the CITY light reflected on the river . he try to express he thought . all that come from he mouth be a series of inarticulate moan . he 's incapable of transmit he idea . so he do what he 's be do since uniontown . he lead . he walk toward the city . out of the shallow . into deep water . over he head . 58 . int . underwater - night 79 79 there be automobile tire , garbage can , a rusted anchor , a sink motor boat , hundred of Beer bottle ... and thousand of dead thing ... walking ... on the river bottom ... follow big daddy through the debris . int . tenement - night 80 80 a knock on a door be answer by a man who look a bit too greasy to be important . sutherland be outside . sutherland how much be Kaufman pay you and you man ? greasy man four hundred a day . each . style I will pay you five thousand a day . each . 81 81 ext . t- bird - night the car speed down the road with slack at the wheel . int . t- bird - night 82 82 riley look at he watch . 11:40 . ext . ross park ammunition depot - night 83 83 the unmanned searchlight scan the yard , casting intermittent shadow . scar this place be important . the man here would not just walk out . foxy maybe they have no choice . foxy and scar move toward a large storage build where a door swing in the night breeze , slapping alarmingly against the wall . Beyond the open be a black maw , like a velvet curtain , past which nothing can be see . foxy ( cont 'd ) there could be stenches in there . ( readying he m - 16 ) get a flashlight ? 59 . scar nervously pull out a flashlight . as he click on the beam , he lose he grip . the flashlight drop to the ground . scar reach for it . his finger tip it and it spin . the beam washes across he shoe . then foxy 's shoe . then find ... ... one other shoe . someone else 's . gasp , scar grab the flashlight , shine the beam up onto what should be a leg , but there 's nothing leave above its bloody shin . plip ! plop ! plip ! bead of blood hit the floor , drop from the dark figure of a soldier who be approach . scar aim the flashlight at the figure 's face , recognize ... scar brubaker ! you okay ? where 's the other guy ? what happen here ? brubaker keep come . he have bullet hole in he chest , but they be not what 's drip blood . it 's another half - eat foot that he 's carry . brubaker be dead . foxy shoot he . foxy and scar move into a hangar- like space . pitch black . except for the mote- fill beam from scar 's flashlight , which illuminate a supply of enormous cannon shell , line up on storage shelf . the " johnson " . six dead soldier be hunkere in the shadow , eating the remains of other dead soldier . foxy grimly raise he weapon . as he squeeze the trigger , the sound of the gunfire overlap into ... 84 84 int . dead reckoning - night anchor and scar wrestle two " johnson " into place . cholo that 's good . that 's all we need . foxy ( sober ) to blow up the Green . int . / ext . t- bird - hillside road - night 85 85 the t- bird rumble along a road line with large home , once prize for they panoramic view . riley's " game Boy " beeps . the display show the red dot move along a map . riley cholo 's move out . look like he 's head right for we . T S 60 . riley look outside . Beyond the home he can see the CITY . riley ( cont 'd ) hit . off this hillside ... they can shell the Green . pull in ! there ! slack pull into a driveway , stop the t- Bird in the shadow of one of the house . riley ( cont 'd ) hey will be come up this road . int . bank - fiddler' GREEN - night 86 86 in a walk - in steel - walled safe , kaufman pull out band stack of money and stuff they into two prada duffel . 87 87 ext . boat ramp - night one head rise out of the river . it 's big daddy , rivulet of water run down the crease of he face . another head rise . and another . number nine and the butcher zombie . more and more head break the surface . the water fill with body emerge from the deep . hundred of they . the CITY light reflect off they wet clothes as the army of the dead clamber up a boat ramp on the city side of the river . ext . hillside home driveway - night 88 88 riley and he team wait in the shadow of the driveway they pull into . they hear the distant growl of dead reckoning . look over a hedge-row , riley can see high beam advance . riley ( to the other ) y'all stay here . slack you be goin ' out there alone ? you need we gun . riley Dead reckoning 's get steel skin a inch thick . you can not shoot you way in . I be hopin ' I can talk my way in . manolete he 's gonna steal the truck and leave we here . 61 . charlie riley would never do that . just look at he , you can tell he would never do that . riley keep a eye on the hatches . if I get in , I will try to leave one open . riley take off . Charlie look tear . he want to go with riley , but he have to keep pillsbury and manolete cover . pillsbury I like that man . you go help `im . I take care of dis sissy . pillsbury , move fast for a big woman , pound manolete 's temple with a mighty fist . he drop like a lead weight . ext . rooftop - fiddler' GREEN - night 89 89 the door to the roof open and the greasy man from " downtown " step out of a fire stair with another greasy man . sutherland remain inside the door . greasy man I do not know about this . I mean ... leavin ' people behind ... sutherland Kaufman be gonna leave people behind . so we be leave he . the greasy Men go trot across the rooftop . as they climb into two helicopter , we realize that they be pilot . ext . hillside STREET - night 90 90 riley walk down the road . the growling of the diesel be get louder , the glow from the high - beam brighter . riley be startle by a noise behind he . he whirl around and see charlie approach . charlie everything 's cool back there . riley be about to object , when dead reckoning come rumbling around a corner a hundred yard down the street . riley check he watch again . 11:52 . charlie ( cont 'd ) too late to send I back . 62 . riley put on you Sunday smile . try to look friendly . charlie I be friendly . just look at I you can tell I be friendly . int . dead reckoning - night 91 91 in the cab , pretty boy ease off the gas . cholo look out the windshield as the headlight strike ... cholo denbo . and he idiot . ( beat ) stop . gimme the mike . the vehicle crunch to a stop forty yard away . pretty Boy hand cholo a microphone . cholo speak into it . cholo ( cont 'd ) how would you get up here , riley ? intercut : between the STREET and dead reckoning's cab . riley grab the t-bird . cholo what be you doin ' up here ? riley track you . with this . riley hold up he " game Boy " . cholo look surprised . riley ( cont 'd ) truck 's get a little transmitter in she belly . sorry I never tell you . cholo you be always a smart guy , riley . much smarter and I . riley you go and take off without invite we along . cholo you be not around to get invite . anyway , I figure you would not want in on this . 63. riley we want in on anything you get goin' . cholo ( to pretty Boy ) open up . foxy what be you , nut ? cholo open up ! ext . hillside home driveway - night 92 92 slack and pillsbury watch from the shadow as a hatch open . int . dead reckoning - night 93 93 riley and charlie step on board . pretty boy be at the control . foxy , anchor , and scar stand nearby . Charlie be grin like a badly scar cheshire cat . cholo the hell you so happy about ? charlie riley tell I to smile . so 's you would let we come in . cholo I would rather have you in here than out there . ka - chunk ! cholo lift he crossbow , press a load arrow up under riley 's chin . blood trickle . cholo ( cont 'd ) who 's the smart one now ? Charlie be about to react when he feel foxy 's m - 16 poke into he back . cholo look into riley 's eye . cholo ( cont 'd ) think you be gonna quit . here you be still work for the man . Kaufman send you out here , do not he ? to get the truck back . riley yes . 64 . ext . hillside home driveway - night 94 94 slack and pillsbury creep forward , freezing as they see riley with the crossbow at he neck . slack aim she k- 90 at cholo , rustling branch as she move . slack that man pull the trigger , he 's dead . int . dead reckoning - night 95 95 cholo cock he head outside . cholo who else be out there ? riley Kaufman send some guy with we . we take care of `em . I know you be up to Ross Park . picked up some johnson , huh ? cholo yup . pretty Boy , set the cannon . 96 96 ext . dead reckoning - hillside - night with great whirring sound , the vehicle 's large gun begin to rotate slowly toward the city across the river . slack we be run out of time here . c'mon , riley . make yourself useful . manolete begin to stir on the ground beside the t-bird . int . dead reckoning - night 97 97 riley keep cool . riley do not do it , cholo . cholo Kaufman 's get it come . ext . dead reckoning - hillside - night 98 98 slack and pillsbury watch the gun turret continue to turn , the cannon barrel angle toward fiddler' GREEN . 65 . int . dead reckoning - night 99 99 pretty boy lift a clear cover off a red firing button . riley hit the tower square , you will kill a lot of innocent people . miss and hit the city , you will kill a lot of we friend . you beef 's with Kaufman , not they . the turret on the roof groans as the cannon rotate . cholo he 's kill a lot of we friend . every week we take out the garbage , you and I . every month I take out Kaufman 's garbage . people he want off the street . he turn I into a goon and then he piss all over I ! foxy , keep `em cover . ext . dead reckoning - hillside - night 100 100 the turret stop , cannon aim directly at the GREEN . 101 101 int . dead reckoning - night cholo move to the red firing button . cholo when the smoke clear , I be gonna roll in , hit the bank , take the money , and pick up any other fancy shit I can get my hand on . riley there will not be any fancy shit leave . and money burn . cholo not when you keep it in a safe . ext . dead reckoning - hillside - night 102 102 manolete pull one of the machine gun out of its mount on the t-bird . shoulder it , he creep toward dead reckoning . int . dead reckoning - night 103 103 on the control panel : a clock click down to midnight . 4...3...2...1... cholo reach down and push the button . 66 . ext . dead reckoning - hillside - night 104 104 the gun barrel be cold . silent . int . dead reckoning - night 105 105 cholo punch the button again . again . nothing happen . cholo what the fuck ? cholo' eye fall to the " game Boy " in riley 's hand . cholo you do something , do not you ? with you fucking toy ! riley push another button on the " game Boy " . outside ... ext . dead reckoning - hillside - night 106 106 ... two steel locking ring swing up to cap the cannon . just beyond the barrel we see manolete close in on dead reckoning , raise he machine gun . a dead thing advance behind he . 107 107 int . dead reckoning - night cholo charge riley . grab he around the throat . cholo fix it ! riley not a chance . riley toss the " game Boy " out the open hatch . cholo reach out after it . ext . dead reckoning - hillside - night 108 108 manolete have the machine gun aim at dead reckoning be open hatch . where cholo be stand . out of the corner of he eye , riley see manolete 's machine gun barrel flash in the moonlight . manolete fire ! ratatat ! riley push cholo out of the way just in time ! he drop from the hatch onto the pavement , wounded in the shoulder . the Walker start to rip manolete apart . slack shoot he in the head . then she and pillsbury open fire on the Walker , destroy it . 67 . int . dead reckoning - night 109 109 foxy , distract by the mayhem , let charlie get the drop on he . anchor and scar go for they gun . riley unsling he m - 16 and hold they at bay . riley easy boy . riley look at the clock on the control panel . 12:01 . Charlie follow he gaze . charlie geez . we just make it . riley click the transmitter on . riley riley denbo call the Green . 110 110 int . penthouse corridor - fiddler' GREEN - night bing ! kaufman step off the elevator , carry he two prada bag full of money . a two - way radio in he pocket ring . kaufman ( into radio , urgent ) yes ? riley ( o.s. ) we get cholo . kaufman ( sagging with relief ) I owe you , mister denbo . int . dead reckoning - night 111 111 riley I be glad you feel that way . because I be take you fuck truck . int . kaufman' penthouse - fiddler' GREEN - night 112 112 kaufman rush in with he bag , drop they beside other luggage that be already pack . knipp ( frightened ) mister Kaufman , sir . I dunno what 's happen , sir , but it sound bad . 68 . the window be seal so the noise Kaufman hear be muffled , but it be definitely the SOUND of disorder . he go to a window . look down and see ... ... flash of light from gunfire . smoke rise from a explosion . people run . the dead swarm into the city like ant . a war have begin . ext . rooftop - fiddler' GREEN - night 113 113 sutherland stand at the edge of the roof , look down at what Kaufman just see . sutherland all this time Kaufman 's be worried about a revolution on the street . he never think it would come from across the river . sutherland , style , other board member , and they family get into the two helicopter . int . kaufman' penthouse - fiddler' GREEN - night 114 114 the SOUND of rumbling . the ceiling vibrate , knock tear - shape bauble off a chandelier . the SOUND build in intensity . then suddenly ease off . through the window , kaufman see the thing that cause the rumbling ... ... two helicopter , soaring off into the night . kaufman ( cont 'd ) no. no . they can not leave . not without I ! knipp I think they just do , sir . ext . dead reckoning - hillside - night 115 115 riley jump out onto the street where cholo lie , bleed from the top of he leave shoulder . cholo I hate you , riley . there 's something about you I have always fuck hate . riley ( smiling ) same here . slack riley . look out there . 69 . riley look where slack be point . from across the river come a flicker orange glow . riley move to a spot where he can see between the house on the hillside . in the distance , FIRE rise from the city . cholo sit up , cackle . cholo I do not have to blow the fuck place up . somebody else do for I ! riley ( stun ) the stenches . they get across the river . they get across the fuck river . ( to the other ) get he inside . pillsbury step in and lift cholo easily to he foot . cholo wait , wait , wait . what be we doin ' ? where we goin ' ? riley back to the city . cholo not this horse . you get the T - Bird ? I will take that . foxy I , too . foxy jump out of dead reckoning and stand at cholo 's side . riley , slack , and pillsbury climb aboard . riley look down at cholo and foxy . riley you guy would be safer come with we . cholo Nah , you would never let I have any fun . riley t- Bird 's down that driveway over there . gun and ammo inside . cholo thanks . 70 . int . dead reckoning - night 116 116 riley close the hatch . blood trickle from under he chin where cholo stick he with the crossbow . slack reach up and pull off the bandana that hold back she hair , which cascade down . she use the fabric to clean the blood off riley 's neck . he look at she , touch by the familiarity of the gesture . slack almost lose you there . riley I do not get lose so easy . ( to pretty boy ) we gotta get across the water . pretty boy the bridge into the city be all brick up . pretty boy hit a button . a map appear on a monitor , show the " golden triangle " border by the river and the barricade bridge span they . slack we could blast we way through . riley do not want to . if the stenches get in , there 's a war go on in the city . we take any of that bridge we will end up right in the middle of it . riley run he finger along the monitor , outline the natural and man-made barrier that protect the triangle . riley ( cont 'd ) we have gotta come in above the throat . his finger continue down the monitor to " the throat " at the base of the triangle , where the long fence run between the two river . riley ( cont 'd ) what be build to keep folk safe be gonna trap they inside . we have gotta give they a way out . C C E C C 71 . ext . fiddler' GREEN - night 117 117 close on : kaufman stare out he penthouse window , aghast . lick of FIRE reflect on the glass . sound of war can be hear from far below . ext . " golden triangle - night 118 118 in the pristine plaza that surround the building , walker swarm . citizen run , scream , include soldier , drive from they post , who shoot at the Dead thing . close on big daddy . who look back and forth , as if tear , at the fiddler' GREEN high - rise , at the violence in the street , back at the building , back at the street . a soldier fire at he ! miss . Big daddy raise he rifle and blow he away . 119 119 ext . hillside home driveway - night cholo and foxy run up the road to the t-bird . see a WALKER lurking ahead , they duck into the dark cover of the tree . holo I get it . wfffft ! cholo pick off the Walker with he crossbow . holo ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's go . he slap a hand on foxy 's back . xcept it's not foxy ! it 's another WALKER that have move between the two man . it grab the hand that slap he and bite it . holo ahhh ... fuck ! foxy , a few yard away , whirl , aim he gun at the Walker . cholo be faster . with no time to reload , in agony , he pull a fistful of arrow from he quiver and drive they through the walker' face and skull . the Walker fall . so do a ominous silence . holo ( cont 'd ) I can not fuck believe it . ( a sad chuckle ) nothin ' work out . it 's like ... the world be spin around and we be just ... catch in the wind . nothin ' work out . some damn thing always come around the corner and get you . 1 D I 72 . foxy aim he rifle fat cholo 's forehead . they eye connect . oxy you choice . for a moment , cholo look despondent . then he force a smile . cholo no , do not shoot . ( a dark chuckle ) always want to see how the other half life . foxy lower he gun . cholo ( cont 'd ) take the car and get outa here . foxy I will get outa here . you take the car . int / ext . dead reckoning - river road - night 120 120 ead reckoning drive upriver . through the windshield : the CITY can be see burning in the distance . pretty boy the old j&amp ; L will take we over . right outside the throat . ext . j&amp ; L drawbridge - night 121 121 a drawbridge span the river . or would span it if it be not open , its rusted metal roadbed rise into the sky . int . dead reckoning - night 22 122 riley gotta get it down . pretty boy the control be in that booth up there . ext . control booth - j&amp ; L drawbridge - night riley's Pov : a control booth be build into the superstructure of the bridge , about fifteen foot off the ground , on dead reckoning be side of the river . 73. ext . j&amp ; L drawbridge - night 123 123 riley jump out of dead reckoning . slack be right behind he . riley get back in there . what be you do ? blam ! she shoot a WALKER that have come out of the night . slack make myself useful . ext . depot - night 124 124 cholo jump out of the t-bird and run to the steel door , unlock they with a mag-key . int . subway tunnel - night 125 125 cholo walk with determination along the desert track under the river . 126 126 ext . j&amp ; L drawbridge - night riley duck under a caution gate at the entrance to the bridge and start across the roadway . behind he ... ... slack and charlie stand , weapon ready , eye alert for danger . as riley run ... ... something skitter across the road , chase he . not a zombie . much smaller . a river rat . Charlie draw he remington . wet the sight with he thumb . blam ! riley stop run . look back to see what 's be shot . slack you miss . charlie nope . I blow its ass off . the rat be now half a rat . its ass have be blow off . yet it's still running ! charlie ( cont 'd ) just do not hit it in the head . 74 . slack ( realizing ) Jesus . it 's dead . charlie they all be . skreeeeeeee ! zombie rat crawl up onto the roadbed . dozen . riley take off away from they . slack and Charlie hurry closer , fire , try to pick the critter off . the rat reach riley ! nip at he heel . he leap . swing onto a girder . climb to the control booth . the rat do not follow . slack heave a sigh of relief just before ... ... skreeeeeeee ! a second pack of rat scurries toward she ! she vault over a railing , drop several foot to ... ... the riverbank below . but there be rat here too ! Charlie fire at they from above . blam ! blam ! blam ! fur and blood fly . but there be too many . he can not shoot they all . int . control booth - j&amp ; L drawbridge - night 127 127 riley reach the control booth . draw he .45 , expect danger within . he step through the open ... ... but nothing 's there . just a spider web that sweep over he face as he move toward a red switch that activate a generator . he flip it . the motor roar to life . he turn toward a giant lever that operate the roadbed . it groans from disuse as he pull it . ext . j&amp ; L drawbridge - night 128 128 red light on the caution gate blink , tinting the night . the silence be shattered by a loud siren that echoes across the river . the bridge 's roadbed begin to creak down slowly . ext . riverbank - night 129 129 three dinghies lie , upside down , next to the water 's edge . slack shove one into the river , climb onto its upturn bottom . she push off . the boat do not budge . a tether hold it within inch of the shore . slack pull out a jackknife and go to cut the rope , but ... ...rat SNAP at she hand . slack recoil , but keep cut . finally , the rope fray , enough for the boat to pull free . T 75 . slack crouch on top of the upturn hull . no way to steer . no paddle . the current carry she away . charlie slack ! int . control booth - j&amp ; L drawbridge - night 130 130 hear the scream , riley look out the control booth window and see ... ... slack be take downstream . ext . j&amp ; L drawbridge - night riley burst out of the booth , only to be confront by ... ... the bridgekeeper . drool . Dead . it grab riley , push he head back toward the enormous gearwork of the bridge . riley struggle . best the creature . spin he around toward the gearwork and ... ... sssnipppp ! the bridgekeeper's head be scissore off ! it drop with a plunk into the river below . 131 131 ext . river - night slack , adrift on the boat , lie prone at the bow and begin to paddle with she hand . one of which hit something long and slimy . it look like a snake ! but it 's not . it 's only a moss -cover rope . slack grab on . pull hand over hand . it seem to take forever for the rope to become taut . a face bob out of the water ! slack scream . it 's the bridgekeeper's head , its eye blink as it float off on the current . he rope be attach to a stanchion on the opposite shore . slack 's muscle strain as she pull on it until ... ... she boat reach the stanchion and she jump off , find herself at the same boat ramp the army of the dead use . the river have carry she into the very part of the city riley and the team be try to avoid . scream rise nearby . she 's in the war zone . 76 . ext . j&amp ; L drawbridge - night 132 132 the bridge be lowering slowly . too slowly . riley scramble up the incline of the roadbed and call back to charlie . R iley bring she over as soon as you can ! Charlie pop back into dead reckoning . riley climb to the top of the descend roadbed and ... ... leap across the narrowing gulf to the other side . he land . Falls . roll . get to he foot and run toward slack and the city . 133 133 ext . " golden triangle " - night slack run past hysterical people toward the fiddler' GREEN high -rise . brian , mulligan 's young son , rush by she in a panic . slack grab he . slack Brian ! brian we can not get out ! there 's no way out ! slack there will be . come with I . brian daddy ! daddy 's still lock up . slack run off with Brian , past a manhole surround by canvas fence , " caution " sign , and flame oil pot . as maintenance worker scramble out of the manhole ... ... dead thing close in . the worker , unarm , pick up the ball - shape pot and BOWL they at the walker . as the " ball " roll , they fire swirl , make they look like flame comet . S ome of the pot crack OPEN , create pool of FIRE on the street . one of the " ball " remain whole until it smack against the foot of a Walker . then it open . and the Walker be engulf in flame . Big daddy look at the Walker with sadness . he lift he rifle again and shoot the flame creature in the head . B 77 . Big daddy walk to the manhole . tool be strewn around it , pickax , sledge , chainsaw , and a pneumatic hammer which be lie on the street ... rattatattat ... still run . Big daddy look at the fiddler' GREEN skyscraper . his goal . finally in reach . he look down at the pneumatic hammer , and pick it up by the handle . with the heavy tool vibrate in its hand , Big daddy walk toward the building . he do not get very far before the hammer 's electrical cord be pull out of the extension it 's plugge into . the hammer stop run . Big daddy look at it . puzzle over its stillness for a moment . then ... ...he look at the building . at its door , abandon by guard . Doors that be make of glass . the barrel of a m - 16 be plant against Big daddy 's temple by a militiaman . udda - budda -budda ! the militiaman fly back . it be not he who fire . it be number nine , stand nearby with she m - 16 . the militiaman lie on the ground , he dead eye stare at number nine in utter surprise . see what have happen , another soldier grab a grenade , pull the pin , and be about to toss it at Big daddy when ... ...his hand be CUT off at the wrist by a meat clever hold by the butcher . the soldier 's hand , still clutching the grenade , plop into the street . the soldier look down in horror , then collapse on top of he hand . a muffled explosion make jelly of he mid-section . Big daddy continue to walk toward the building , carry the pneumatic hammer , as other dead thing collect sledge , pickax , length of pipe , and follow they leader . 1 int . fiddler' GREEN atrium - night 34 134 kaufman and knipp , carry the prada duffle , rush out of a elevator with four security guard . Kaufman carry a gun . T hey race into the street level of the three - story atrium . chopin lilt , cage bird sing . resident scream , run crazily in all direction . a bank of glass door lead to the street be under assault by walker , ten deep . T I C I G 78 . kaufman they can not get in . downstair . the car . the Dead thing pound at the door . one Guard run away . the other Three follow . kaufman ( cont 'd ) et back here ! get back here ! Kaufman fire three round at the man ! he 's not a marksman , but one of the guard be winged . whirl around and level he m - 16 at Kaufman . security guard you stupid old fuck ! he 's about to fire when knipp step in front of Kaufman . knipp don't shoot ! ( grabbing Kaufman 's gun hand ) boss ? do not you shoot , neither . we be all on the same S side . least we be suppose to be . ecurity guard I be on my own side now . the Guard take off after he comrade . cholo ( o.s. ) need some help , mister k .? Kaufman spin around to see cholo walk toward he across the atrium . cholo ( cont 'd ) be bit , mister k . I be a dead man , so I do not care about nothin ' no more . still care about you , though . I wanna make sure you come to the same end as I . lang ! clang ! clang ! the Dead thing at the glass door be pounding now with shovel , pickax , and length of pipe . cholo ( cont 'd ) hey be go to get you , mister K. want they to get you . Kaufman raise he gun and aim at cholo , who aim back with he crossbow . k k k p 79 . cholo ( cont 'd ) ut it down , old man , unless you would rather die right now . big daddy appear outside the door . use he pneumatic hammer to pound at the safety glass . aufman can not take it anymore . he bolt for a stairway door . cholo shoot . a arrow hit Kaufman in the back of he leave calf . Kaufman sprawl , drop both he bag of money and he gun , which skitter kaway . knipp rush over to help Kaufman . nipp just let we go , mister demora . let we get out of here . cholo ( calmly reloading ) you can go , knipp , but not he . Kaufman shake knipp off . his gun be ten foot away . he head for it . dragging himself on hand and knee . crunch ! the chisel on Big daddy 's pneumatic hammer be the first tool to penetrate the door . the glass do not shatter ; it cobweb into tiny crystal stick together by a thin plasticine coating . alarm bell SOUND ! puzzle by the sudden transformation of the glass into something that look different , Big daddy drop the pneumatic hammer and reach out . the glass be different . it 's soft . flexible . Big daddy poke he hand right through . Kaufman have almost reach he gun . cholo shoot another arrow . this one hit Kaufman in the shoulder . aufman you fuck spic bastard ! cholo I think we should talk when you be a little less excited . Kaufman have a will of iron . he keep go , gritting he tooth against the pain , reach out for he gun , as ... crunch ! crunch ! crunch ! more tool penetrate the door . more hand poke through . aufman look at he worst nightmare ... Dead thing rip they way through the cobwebbed door , invade he temple . R m 80 . the commotion distract cholo just long enough for Kaufman to lift he gun and FIRE nine round . ost of the shot miss . two hit cholo , one in the belly , one in the heart . he be slam against the wall , he glaze eye stare up into the atrium , the place he so desire . it 's the last thing he see before he keel over , dead . knipp pull Kaufman onto he foot . they look up to see ... big daddy lead he army into the atrium . Kaufman aim and fire . a bullet hit big daddy in the upper chest , blow dead flesh out of he back . the Dead man feel no pain , but it focus on Kaufman and start after he with purpose . Kaufman see something in Big daddy 's eye . something that 's not dead . Kaufman fire again . click ! he 's out of ammo . k nipp boss . we gotta get outa here ! knipp pull Kaufman to a stairway door . they rush inside . the moment they be out of sight , the walker forget about they , move on into the atrium . all except Big daddy . that rage be still in its face as he lumber toward the stairway door . 135 135 ext . j&amp ; L drawbridge - night th - boooom ! the roadbed of the drawbridge drop into place . vrooom ! dead reckoning rumble across the span . int . jail - night 136 136 keys turn in the lock of cell door , which slack and brian pull open . mulligan and he revolutionaries emerge . mulligan embrace he son and look gratefully at slack . mulligan ( to he man ) let 's go get we gun , boy . ext . near the " throat " - night 137 137 iley run out of a line of tree . in the distance , he see ... ... the " throat " , where much of the city's population be trap , herde by hundred of walking dead against the layer of electrify fencing that be erect to protect they . there 's no escape . people be be torn apart and eaten . the fencing SPARKS as body touch it and be electrocuted . terrible scream fill the air . R C 1 . 81 . riley hear the distinctive roar of dead reckoning be engine , the clatter of its tread . he move toward the sound as ... ..a dead thing loom three foot away . riley lift he pistol and put a shell through the thing 's skull . blood fly , take on the sudden glow of a halo as it be backlit by ... ... the glare of dead reckoning be approach headlight . the dead thing fall to the road , where ... ... it be turn to apple butter by Dead reckoning 's enormous tread . riley stand right in the vehicle 's path . pretty boy ( o.s. loudspeaker ) G et outa the way , riley ! int . dead reckoning - night 38 138 through the windshield : riley loom larger and larger as the vehicle close in . he do not move . pretty boy try to turn the wheel . too late . riley disappear ! harlie ( pure anguish ) riley ! Three second later , riley 's figure come scramble across the windshield , climb up toward ... ext . dead reckoning - night 139 139 ... the two fourteen-inch cannon on the vehicle 's turret . iley we gotta blow the fence ! pretty boy ( o.s. loudspeaker ) Johnson 's be load ! riley yeah , but they be cap ! the barrel of the two fourteen - incher be still cap . dead reckoning keep roll . riley climb out onto one of the cannon barrel . wham ! a WALKER grab he by the leg from the road . riley blast he with he .45 . as other walker approach , he shoot they with one hand , rusing the other to uncap the cannon . iley number one be clear ! I be go for number two ! k k n k S 82. charlie ( o.s. loudspeaker ) I do not norm 'lly need two shot , riley . riley turn . the road be now fill with walker . tanding astride the vehicle , riding it as if it be a live beast , riley pick some of they of with he .45 . int . fiddler' GREEN parking garage - night 140 140 footstep echo as knipp , carry one of the prada duffle , help the wounded kaufman across a underground parking garage , a dark and spooky place , make more so by the sound of distant scream . Kaufman disdainfully snap off the shank of the arrow in he leg and shoulder . the two man reach a stretch lincoln . knipp beeps the door open and they get inside , knipp behind the wheel , Kaufman in the luxurious back compartment , where he pour himself a scotch from the build - in bar . knipp start the engine . the SOUND echoes big-time in the concrete tomb . nipp ( look at the fuel gauge ) we eed gas . Kaufman moan . knipp steer the car slowly , carefully through the shadow , pull in beside a gasoline pump near the base of a ramp that lead up to the street . knipp push a button that pop open the gas tank . he shut the engine off and get out , take the key , which have a mag - Card attach to they . h e slide the mag-card into a slot , activate the pump . a LED scroll " thank you , Mr. Kaufman " . knipp pull the nozzle . freezes when he hear ... ... footstep echoing . a dark figure be approach through the shadow . nipp drop the nozzle . duck into the car . slam the door . wham ! a single hand smack against the driver - side window . a face lean in behind the hand . a face full of rage . big daddy' face . aufman shoot it ! shoot the damn thing ! L L 83. knipp you do not gimme no gun , sir . Big daddy move to one of the rear window . he can not see inside . the window be tinted . he return to the clear windshield , look back , at a angle , and see Kaufman in the rear compartment . Big daddy recognize he . from upstairs . it 's the man who shot he . the Dead thing look up . see the gasoline pump . his hand drop to the embroidery on its jump-suit ... " texaco " . he move deliberately toward the pump . kaufman pull out ! pull out ! k nipp sorry , sir . key be in the pump . Big daddy see the nozzle on the cement . pick it up , feel the familiarity of it . pull the trigger . gasoline squirt . the rage in he face turn to a kind of satisfaction . use the nozzle as he do the pneumatic hammer , Big daddy pound on the windshield , three time , before the safety glass cobweb . he poke the nozzle through the flexible fabric and pull the trigger until it lock . gasoline flood into the car . knipp ( cont 'd ) ord ! tchung ! Big daddy pull the driver side door open . as knipp try to run , he be grabbed by Big daddy . knipp ( cont 'd ) ord ! Big daddy look at the butler . sniff he . then fling he aside . knipp be not he prey . with a glance at Kaufman , cower in the back seat , Big daddy slam the car door and , surprisingly , walk away . up the ramp toward the street . the nozzle remain stick in the " fabric " of the windshield . gasoline continue to flow into the car . Kaufman crawl into the front seat , wince from he wound , and kick the nozzle out of the window with he good leg , get soak with gas in the process . he open the door . limp to the pump . grab the key . as he start back toward the car ... ... wham ! something be stand right in front of he . it 's one of the walking dead . it 's ... 1 1 T k k 84 . ... cholo . aufman shake he head in disbelief . kaufman N - no , y- you be dead . ( realization dawn ) oh my God . you be dead ! the cholo thing reach for Kaufman , vengeance in its eye . aufman break for the driver 's door . he never make it . the cholo thing grab he and slam he down across the hood . leans over he . open a drool mouth . Kaufman whimper . B rrrumble -umble-umble ! the SOUND of a bowl ball . Kaufman look up . it 's not a bowl ball . it 's a oil pot , roll down the ramp by Big daddy . Kaufman scream . the fire ball approach the gas-soake lincoln , the gas-soake Kaufman , and ... ... whooomph ! Kaufman and the cholo thing be immolated . the fireball remove everything from sight , except a few float hundre dollar bill , burn in mid-air . hrough lick of flame we see ... Big daddy be almost smile . ext . " the throat " - night 141 141 dead reckoning approach the electrify fence from beyond . pretty boy ( o.s. loudspeaker ) get back ! get back ! we be gonna blow the fence ! the crowd scream and start to clear the area . int . dead reckoning - night 42 142 charlie work a joystick . the cannon turret grind above . he take aim at a area of the fence that be rapidly empty of people . 43 ext . the " throat " - night 143 the fourteen- incher turn toward the fence . riley ride it . riley shoot ! charlie o kay , but you best get off the gun . T R I 85 . riley leap down . the instant he 's clear ... ka-blooooooooooooom . the electrified fence be blown apart . n the dissipate smoke , riley be the first one through the open . within second , citizen start toward it , head the other way . riley find himself run against the tide . search . desperately search . behind the surging crowd ... ... walker appear , grab people . drop they to the ground . eat they . iley fire in all direction . walker drop around he . he save a woman with a baby ...a young couple ...a priest . click . he run out of ammo . walker close in . the situation seem hopeless until ... 144 144 int . dead reckoning - night charlie hit a button on the console . ext . the " throat " - night 145 145 ptooom ! ptooom ! firework " bloom " in the sky . he dead thing gaze upward , mesmerize . the human escape . riley find himself stand in the midst of fifty walker , freeze like statue around he . other than the intermittent boom of the firework , silence . out of which ... slack ( o.s. ) ( a whisper ) riley . riley turn . slack emerge from behind one of the immobile dead thing . riley move toward she ... ... she to he ... ... both of they weaving a cautious path between the statue . they reach each other and embrace , surround by dead thing that do not even know they be there . ratatatatatat . gunfire explode around they ! 86 . hapless dead thing be mowed down the way they be back in uniontown . this time by ... ... mulligan and he revolutionaries ... who slaughter every zombie in the area . brian be shoot , too , raring to go . when it 's all over ... mulligan we could still use you , riley . riley look out at the city , where there be still scattered distant gunfire . he look at Brian , stand at mulligan 's side , he innocent face speckle with the blood of the dead . riley shake he head . riley it 's all yours , mulligan . 146 146 ext . outside the CITY - night firework explode . a zombie look up toward the " bloom " . a strong hand grab the collar of its shirt , pull its gaze away from the sky , and herd it onward . the hand be big daddy be . he herd other along , too . a small group of two dozen , include number nine and the butcher . 147 147 ext . dead reckoning - night one of the gattling gun ratchet into position , take aim at big daddy . int . dead reckoning - night 148 148 pretty boy sit at the control , about to push the fire button when ... ... riley grab she hand . riley stop. riley pick up a pair of binocular and look through the windshield at big daddy . ext . outside the CITY - night 149 149 through the binoculars : big daddy look at dead reckoning . for a instant , he eye meet riley 's , as they do in uniontown . F 1 ( R 87 . int . dead reckoning - night 150 150 riley lower the binocular . riley all they want be somewhere to go . same as we . ext . outside the CITY - night big daddy lead he band into the future . dead reckoning roll into the future , too , but in a different direction . int . dead reckoning - night charlie Canada . that 's where we be goin ' , be not it , riley ? riley if no one have any objection . anchor , scar , and pillsbury all shrug . riley look at slack . slack no , we will take you along with we . iley I will try to make myself useful . to pretty boy ) take we North . ext . road NORTH - just before sunrise 51 151 dead reckoning growl off into the early dawn , a lethal weapon ... ... shoot off firework worthy of Independence Day . ade to black .