larry crowne written by Tom hank from a story by Tom hank &amp ; nia vardalo Nov. 2009 fade in sunrise Big and orange and full of hope , as sure as fate . a dawn as promise as , well , this new day ... Sun be rise over ... a flat roof that stretch to the horizon . a vast expanse . a plain of gravel - embed tar , studd with ... hvac unit and power line , the kind that service a huge commercial building . in fact this kind of building ... a unimart store . a flagship of savings ; a mother lode of low , low price . 100,000 - and-then -some square foot of the consumer economy ... parking lot empty thus far . a few employee auto arrive in they assign slot far from the entrance . one of that car be a old , not so vintage nor classic convertible ... karmann ghia -- belong to ... larry crowne - a man as reliable ( and predictable ) as that rise sun . actually , he 's a team leader of this unimart , dress in he un - sexy , un - fashionable , un -flatter khaki pants and company polo . Larry have have the ragtop down . he wrestle it up , lock the cover into place . he do not just walk to work , but 's t be i d e 's across the asphalt field like a sultan of sale ; a viscount of Discount . he cheer co- worker at the start of the day , shouting encouragement , flash thumb up , knock on car door and squeezing shoulder ... dorothy genkos ( pre - lap ) a seven-speed mix -o- meter food processor ! $ 21.69 ! avery ( pre - lap ) sweatpant ! two pair ! $ 6.69 ! 2. int . unimart - day the morning Circle of sale ! employee and they ware . Larry stand , yet to speak , ready for he moment of pronounce enthusiasm ... team leader # 1 Fifteen foot jumper cable - 69 cent a foot ! team leader # 2 chocolate turtles ! 69 cent a pound bag ! go , Larry ! Wave that merchandise ! larry crowne Three - pack of man 's elastic waist mid-thigh boxer short ! $ 2.69 ! freeze ! word fill the screen . this be larry crowne hold . hold . hold . and ... continue . alvarez ( team leader ) four Toby jug beer stein - $ 2.69 ! team leader # 3 mp3 player the size of a bottle cap ! something and 69 cent ! team leader # 4 duck blind print sheet for a queen size bed . $ 7.69 . all shop unimart ! where United , you save ! Larry crowne lead the High five . menswear dept - later Larry control the aisle like a Admiral at a Battle map ... stack a mountain of tube sock ... stock that brief ... hang " metallica " speedo on little hanger ... help cubby - a very skinny and disinterested janitor - clean up some baby up - chuck as the baby up - chuck again . 3. mommy too much mac &amp ; cheese for this little pickle bug ! larry crowne they do love the comfort food . do not you , li'l Pickle bug ... imagine any duty and see how Larry get it do ... ext . unimart parking lot - later Larry be collect loose shopping cart , steering they into pair , triplet , sextuplet , then riding they into the cart pen like a Trail boss ... later that same up - chuck baby be riding on the coin-pony and up - chuck again . Larry be clean it all up . a beat - up car with a big stork pizza sign stick on its roof pull right up to the front of the store , parking in the handicapped Space . larry crowne buddy . Park there and you will get a ticket . pizza kid call a cop , doof . I be go in sixty second . ( a dozen pizza box ) you guy have a party ? int . meeting room 2 - unimart - later the big stork pizza box have be raid for slice . a retirement party be go on . a sign read " good luck dorothy genkos ! " the name have be print over the last person to retire . people be cut loose as best they can at a no-alcohol corporate fete . none more than Larry . who be organize a mosh pit for dorothy genkos , a old lady . this be a fun group . over in the corner , though , be the Front Office staff : cox , strang , andrews and hurley ( female ) . 4. strang finally . dotty G. and she forty - two - k a year be history . who else would do we that favor ? andrews wish they would all sail off like she . save we some grief . strang the " R " bomb be go to do some collateral damage to this place . hurley be shocked ! hurley " R - bomb " ? oh my god ! Restructuring ? cox separate the chaff from the wheat . chaff be the bad stuff , right ? hurley chaff be the waste matter , correct . when be we restructure ? cox before e.o.q . they 's we order . hurley look sick . she hate this . strang what say we drop a brick in the pond to warn the herd ? andrews how ? strang firing someone . cox someone they would never expect to be let go . to look fair . I like it . strang like a team leader . hurley team leader ? strang 5 . cox suggestion on who it should be ? strang I say crowne . hurley Larry crowne ? strang roll he eye . strang who else ? avery will not retire . we fire he , it 's a law suit . avery - old. Black . happy . strang ( cont 'd ) alvarez be about to drop a kid . she will go part time in a week . alvarez - heavy with child . strang ( cont 'd ) crowne 's pink slip will save ' da " U " big green backwash . cox what salary tier be crowne at ? andrews top of the pyramid with a c.o.l. bump at the first of the year . cox sweet . we will need actionable Cause , of course . they all agree : " yeah . sure . of course ... " cox ( cont 'd ) how 's he review record ? hurley he 's a candidate for employee of the month . his 22nd time . cox okay . so. slugger , gimme a reason ... Larry have organize a limbo Contest . 6. hurley we could use the Limited horizon strategy . ( explaining ) Larry will always be pass over for management . he never go to college . cox you be that familiar with he record ? strang she be he squeeze for a few week , be not you , vick ? hurley that be before the New employee covenant . that you even remember ... strang the memory haunt I . andrews he will sock we for severance . strang Big brick in the pond , though . cox let 's call it . today , end of shift , unimart bid crowne adieu . larry be dance up a storm . ext . unimart - parking lot - late afternoon less car . fewer shopper . head into the night shift . int . unimart - electronics - later Larry be the only team leader still on duty and sober . he be fastidious in he work . the p.a. system blare . it 's incomprehensible . he pay no attention . vasquez -- a huge Security Guard -- come by . vasquez lc why still here ? 7. larry crowne team leader zone department before punch out . it 's policy . vasquez I mean here here . you just get page to meeting room 2 . the p.a. blare again . now they can hear it -- sort of . larry crowne probably to clean up after the party . vasquez be not it employee of the month Day ? Larry brighten . that be what it must be . larry crowne speck-tack-alar . flushed at the prospect , Larry give terrorist fist bump . vasquez you be the only one around here who deserve it . how many will this be ? larry crowne ah , who 's count ? he flash he finger : twenty two ! int . meeting room # 2 - same Larry cr wne soar into the room . cubby be clean up the substantial mess . the Front Office team have take seat . larry crowne remember how we see " the unimart Way " video , vick ? you and I , alone in this room , and look at we now . hurley have a freeze face . Larry look at andrew ' smile . strang cubby . make track . the janitor literally drop everything and leave 8. larry crowne I think I know what this be about . strang I do not think you do . cox crowne . at unimart , we care . so we take care . which make moment like this tough for all of we . larry crowne sound like you be fire I . Larry be joke . strang I take it back . cox corporate have mandate a restructure in all unimart store . that 's the word they use . I call it a pain in the toucha . ( then ) it be toucha , right ? where you get kick ? hurley yeah . a yiddish word . andrews like the buttock . hurley touchas and buttock . synonymous . cox hurt to get kick back there , no matter what language you speak . Larry now get it . larry crowne unimart be fire I ... strang crowne - ie , you do a heck of a job . larry crowne why I ? 9. andrews who do you suggest ? alvarez ? avery ? I do not think so . larry crowne why not strang ? strang snort . larry crowne ( cont 'd ) I have be here longer than you , Jack . I start 21 year ago as a inventory associate at the store on euclid . hurley take over , as blank as a tax - form . hurley seniority would preclude this reality , Larry , but unimart 's policy be to never limit you horizon . Larry crowne have no idea what that mean . cox here 's the prob : you lack of a graduate degree will forever retard any move up the management ladder . strang becasue you never go to college you be forever retarded . larry crowne I will not make the Front Office ? strang never . ( show he college ring ) S. M. U. class of ' 86 ! go ' stang ! it 's true . larry crowne I go in the navy . right outta high school . five year , and by then ... cox thank you for you service to we country , Larry . and , in total seriousness to unimart too 10 . larry crowne I think I be employee of the month . strang in a way , you be . Larry can not believe this . nor can he move . larry crowne no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. I be go to lose my house ... cox the timing on this be always a bitch . larry crowne guy . guy . guys. guys. guy . guy . guys. guy . we can fix this . can not we fix this ? cox really wish we could . ( then ) vick ? the generous severance package ? she have a folder with post " sign here 's . " hurley sign here . here . here . initial that . sign here . one more . done . strang find one last piece of party pizza . ext . unimart parking lot - afternoon vasquez help Larry put down the rag top of he car . vasquez 12 jerk I would fire before you . May walk away from unimart myself . larry crowne stick it out . you go to college ? vasquez couple year . then I blow out my knee 11 . larry crowne thanks for see I off . vasquez I need you apron , man . ( again ) you apron . say unimart on it , so it be not yours . Larry unharness himself from that which be not he . hand it over . brand . scorn as the one let go ... vasquez ( cont 'd ) thanks . ( walking away ) goofy car , man . ext . intersection - later Larry pull up at a red light . from he hand - free speaker jerry -rigged on he dash , we hear on - hold Music . recorded voice then , we hear the engine of scooter -- at least a dozen of they . they surround he car -- both lane -- and the chatter of the rider as they scream over they engine as they ad - " remember , you always have a friend at riverbank ... " lib where they be go next ... laurie gammelgaard ( over phone ) Laurie gammelgaard thank you for hold how may I help you ? Larry have to shout over the scooter squad ruckus . larry crowne I be hold for Barry raphael in Home and Real estate ? laurie gammelgaard Mr. raphael be no longer with the bank . how can I help you ? larry crowne Barry be go ? I need to talk to someone in Home and Real estate . laurie gammelgaard 12 . the scooter squad have make they decision and peel out -- vroom , yeoow ... larry crowne ( read he ATM card ) I wish ! I be customer number 566 7878 2031 339 and I can be there in three minute ! laurie gammelgaard ( over phone ) as long as you be here before six , okey dokey . zzzzzmmmm , blaarree ... the scooter be go , but Larry be still yell ... larry crowne Three minute ! int . riverbank branch - late afternoon Larry sit at gammelgaard 's desk look at he own record , sip complimentary coffee that be ghastly . larry crowne what happen to Barry raphael ? laurie gammelgaard ( pre - lap ) Barry raphael be harass the young teller but we be not suppose to admit that . ( the paper ) this be some kick in the head . not sure what to tell you , Mr. crowne . larry crowne I m hope not to lose my house . laurie gammelgaard you be carry what on the house ? larry crowne $ 291,987 . laurie gammelgaard two ninety - two K. that 's trouble . Three year ago I would have loan you $ 700,000 , but I think you read the papers . larry crowne 13 . laurie gammelgaard no . she get a brochure : " the riverbank survival plan ! " laurie gammelgaard ( cont 'd ) but River Bank do have a plan for you . ( the brochure ) in a few week you financial base will tell we what we can do . find new employment . liquidate everything low on the value index . stick to a budget . clip coupon , buy in bulk , you know the drill . then come back and we will work with you . larry crowne that 's River Bank 's plan for I ? laurie gammelgaard it be Friday , Mr. crowne ... ext . derby court - evening this be Larry crowne 's street . this be Larry crowne 's house . his car park in the driveway and he step out , take a minute to survey what he may lose . kide play down the street under a streetlight ... a elderly neighbor be water he lawn with a hose ... a guy be play with he dog ... one house always have Christmas light . another have a handicapped ramp up to the front door .... ext . lamarr house - kitchen window - same lamarr life across the street from Larry , and be look out the window as he prepare to light a scholarly look pipe lamarr Larry 's home a little late tonight . his wife , patience , be sit at the table , pour over catalog .. patience maybe he be out on a date . 14 . lamarr we would see that on the news . he be about to light up with a match ... patience do not even think about lighting that up in my house . int . larry crowne's home - evening he unimart polo shirt he be hold it in he hand . the laundry room Larry be about to throw the thing away , but then put it and some fabric softener in he washer . live room - later mood music play from the crowne vinyl Library , a complete wall of lp 's . alphabetize ... we can see into the ... kitchen Larry sit in he breakfast nook with a old laptop computer and a pot of coffee . a on- line job application ... mega - save . Larry be enter he data . he come across that part of any application that will forever be daunt to he . education / college what can he do , but enter the truth ? none . more on-line application flash by .... plug- it - in Center ... Education / College -- do not go White Front House and Home ... Education / College -- High School ! go , navy ! Furniture Planet ... Education / College -- be it necessary ? Patterson 's appliance ... Education / College -- Masters Degree : School of hard knock !!! 15 . Larry stop . this may be futile . he look about to give up . but then , he think . he stand . thinks some more ... ironing board unfold like a piece of high tech assault equipment . the iron breathes hot fume ... spray starch plume like jet exhaust . Larry crowne be irone he nicest shirt and he best khakis to perfection . he be focus . intense . and good at irone ... ext . mega - save - morning Larry be with the first customer of the day , dress to impress in that well - irone clothes . he stride right in to the giant store . later he stride right out . ext . plug -it -in CENTER , parking lot - morning Larry be get out of he car , put on a good face , and head inside . later he get right back into he car . ext .. white front house and home - parking lot - later Larry be drive past the front window of the store . resurrection letter scream " lost our lease ! everything must go !!! " int . furniture planet - later Way back in the rear of the store , behind a false panell a furniture store should be ashamed of , Larry have fill out another application and be wait for someone to give it to . a planet staffer finally show she head . 16 . larry crowne how do I offer this up to personnel ? planet staffer there should be a box to put it in . Larry find a box . larry crowne this ? planet staffer no . there should be another box . larry crowne there be not . planet staffer that 's the one , then . Larry be alone again - ignore as he apply for this job . ext . patterson' family appliance - garden and patio - later mr. patterson be a busy man while talk with Larry . mr. patterson if you email a application , we have get it and we will keep you in mind . larry crowne just follow up with a in - person visit . mr. patterson Mission accomplish . larry crowne you have a great location here . mr. patterson not with unimart half a mile away . larry crowne I use to work for unimart ! I could spill you some 411 . mr. patterson what 's that mean ? 17 . larry crowne I know they trade secret . mr. patterson what secret ? traffic booster , loss leader and bait and switch ! larry crowne and I be ready to learn new strategy . I will stop by again so you can keep I in mind . mr. patterson if you will not work Sunday , do not bother . larry crowne I will work every day . mr. patterson that 's what I already do ... Mr. Patterson go back to work as Larry slink away . ext . a restaurant on restaurant row - day establish that this be where many restaurant be locate . ext . restaurant on restaurant row - same Larry sit in he car . the last thing he want to do be work in a restaurant -- we will find out why later on . but time be tough , no ? out he climb , resign to fate ... ext . back of restaurant # 1 - day by the dumpster , Larry be ask a chef on he smoke break if they have op ning . int . restaurant # 2 - walk -in refrigerator - day now he 's ask some head cook pull cutlet . int . huge kitchen of HOTEL restaurant - day Larry be talk to chef amos , who run the place . 18 . chef amos oh , I remember you . Larry crowne . I never forget anyone who quit on I . larry crowne as I recall , I give my notice and work all my shift and that be 12 year ago . chef amos as I recall , I have to hire and train a line cook to take you place . walk out do not happen in a vacuum , you know . ( then ) do not mean I would not give you a job again . but you have be out of the business a long time , and look around . I do not need you . the place be fully staff and rock . Larry will not be work here . ext . perry' coffee shop - day Larry 's scooter be park near the entrance . int . perry' coffee shop - same Larry be seat at the counter . perry pour he coffee as raul -- the head cook -- be talk from the service window . carlo and nick be in the back . raul you come in two week ago I would have kiss you on the mouth , but carlos and Nick , they walk in . best I can do ? put you at the top of the list . raul go back to work . perry dang the timing , kimosabe . wish I could help you but raul run the back . 19 . larry crowne not sure I could work here anyway . the atmosphere be too pleasant and the clientèle too a number 1 . perry Breakfast on the house . chorizo scramble , right ? larry crowne no charity today . I get thing to do . perry like what ? larry crowne nothing . I be just say that . ext . derby court - morning the door open , the garage very tidy , as Larry move old item out to the lawn . ext . larry crowne's home - same some thing be already set up from the live room . larry be raise money with a yard sale . ext . lamarr house - kitchen window - same lamarr be about to pour himself some coffee when he see a disaster loom across the street . he 's out like a shot ! ext . lamarr garage - same lamarr come charge out the rise door and across the street . lamarr there 's be a yard sale at 1402 derby Court since monica lewinsky ! that give I a monopoly on the location ! you go yard on I , Larry crowne and I will destroy you . he be now stand on Larry 's lawn . Larry look at he . get fire yesterday . 20 . lamarr sit on a for-sale chair . lamarr bloody Friday . Security see you off , by the time Monday come around the fire man be the forget man . diabolical . larry crowne they say it 's because I do not go to college . lamarr smoke screen . the man just want you go . ( he yard sale ) you liquidate asset to raise cash ? larry crowne buying out denise 's half of the house be the worst advice , ever . lamarr I tell you to avoid divorce lawyer . get marry . stay marry . come with I . they cross the street to lamarr 's house / yard sale . lamarr ( cont 'd ) I will tell you straight up - I be not lend you money . ext . lamarr garage - same this be a semi-professional operation . boat , lamp , tool , chair , computer -- some of it almost junk -- be for barter or sale . Inside he garage ? clothes and book - rack and shelf . patience be organize box of vinyl lp 's . patience Whole box of cha - cha record from the fifty . you do not have any of this , I promise . lamarr he can not afford them lose he job 21 . patience no ! unimart just lose my business forever ! larry crowne I love you too . patience sorry , lie-bare - eye-bee . get a better job somewhere so you can crush they . larry crowne hard to do . lamarr he 's go to get something better than a job . ( searching book ) a education . he find a East City Community College catalog 2006 . toss it to Larry . lamarr ( cont 'd ) get some knowledge and you will be fire proof . larry crowne be not there unemployed engineer and geophysicist ? patience listen to my husband . have not call a man boss in year . paid off the house . larry crowne you win the lottery . patience picked 8 little number when I keep say he be a fool . a quarter million dollar later I have shut up . lamarr lose half to tax . larry crowne I will see if there 's a class in here for powerball 250 . 22. lamarr that 's half a buck for the book . larry crowne they give this away free . lamarr they do . I do not . int . larry crowne's home - night he be alone . he be go to lose he house . he have nothing to do . he have no future . he sit on the couch . espn 's Sports Center be show highlight ... int . larry house - morning he 's asleep on the couch . he awaken to the very same edition of espn 's Sports Center show the very same highlight . Larry want to shoot himself in the head . instead , he pick up the catalog of East City College .... ext . east CITY community college - morning the sign read " enroll now ! $ 15 per unit ! " Larry park in one of the hundred of empty space . int . registrar's office - same Larry be try to make sense out of the application . a enrollment counsellor - dave busik - sidle up to he . busik back to college , huh ? larry crowne first time . I be in the navy . busik ( himself ) Coast Guard . adventure of a Lifetime . larry crowne galley mate . 23. busik we teach a whole track in Hotel and Restaurant food preparation . larry crowne no . no , no . I need a all - new career and a place to go everyday . busik that two thing be my specialty . hallway -- walk towards busik 's cubicle . busik ( cont 'd ) first thing . bravo for choose East City College . never too late for a education . second , you need a jolt to the confidence machinery . he grab a folder ... busik ( cont 'd ) I be go to change you life . ( a page in the catalog ) speech 217 : the Art of informal remarks , cause it 's not enough to just be smart anymore , you have to project ease even when it be not easy . larry crowne be this Public speak ? busik it 's training . job interview will be a breeze with the confidence you will get from speech two one Seven . ( even better ... ) and you will spend three hour a week with the most attractive package in all of Academia . the Golden girl of East City . ( magical word ) mercede tainot . ext . e.c.c.c. teachers ' parking lot - morning prof . mercede tainot be a fierce defender of literacy and intelligence -- and definitely one attractive package . headache / grogginess combo of biblical proportion . 24 . gps voice please enter you destination . mercede tainot I be here . shut up . turn off ! stepping from she sub-compact , she struggle into a pair of heel , as in this state she drive barefoot . if only she huge thermo - cup hold a hair of the dog she might not walk such a crooked mile from the parking lot to the campus . Larry -- in he car -- screech around a corner . he be frantically look for a place to park , but as this be the first day of term , the lot be jamme ! he nearly hit mercede tainot . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) jerk ! larry crowne sorry ! parking 's impossible today ! mercede tainot be you new to the faculty ? larry crowne New to the Student body . mercede tainot this be the faculty lot . we have earn degree for this space . student park on Mars . larry crowne I be go to be late for my first day of school . mercede tainot I bet it will not be the first time . ext . e.c.c.c. - portable classroom student search for they new classroom . mercede do too , among this ' portable ' classroom that have not move in 7 year . int . portable classroom - speech 217 - later mercede stop at the doorway . 25 . mercede tainot this be it ? p.o.v. nine student sit self - consciously , include pinedo , dibiasi , mack , and calimeris mercede quickly do a head count . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) ...7 , 8 , 9 . she laugh . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) my day have just be make and it 's only 8:02 in the morning ! ( then ) this class ... be cancelled !! mercede explain . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) the city charter require a minimum of ten student per class , otherwise it cost more to have we here than not . do you really want a class at 8 am ? I do not . throw out that alarm clock ! Larry crowne burst through the door - panting for breath . larry crowne please tell I this be speech 217 . mercede drop she bag on she desk . she be crush and hate Larry crowne . she take up some chalk , turn to the board , then write in large , shaky - yet -feminine script : care . she underline it four time . mercede tainot while earning a Masters in shakespearean political discourse from Vassar , I learn to care . care be a prerequisite for this class I have to teach in this ( then ) ( more ) 26 . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) participate . show up on time . ( Larry get a eye on that ) Care . and stay awake the 55 minute three dawns a week I have to be here , or I will fail you and not care . ( a name on the board ) my name be Ms. tainot . not ' tie - knot ' . tay - no . you will each address the class on Wednesday . a procedure . how . to do . something . pinedo have panic in she eye . Public speak terr fie she . dibiasi raise he hand . dibiasi Ms. tie-knot ? Ms. tainot glare at dibiasi . glare and glare at he . dibiasi ( cont 'd ) uh , tay-knot ... tai-bo ... mercede tainot who be you ? dibiasi Steve dibiasi . Friends call I nomad . only two day before I gotta get up and give my address ? you may be dream . mercede tainot why be you here , Steve ? dibiasi counsellor busik say this class would change my life . mercede tainot busik . of course ... dibiasi 's cell phone ring . dibiasi I gotta take this ... mercede tainot may kill this kid . ext . e.c.c.c. campus - same 27 . int . econ . 1 - later a actual classroom , but in sad shape . in one section sit lala pinedo - from the speech class . Larry see she and sit next to she , oblivious to the fact that she be cripplingly shy . larry crowne look at we , in two class in a row . pinedo yes . hi. larry crowne that Ms. tainot be something else be not she ? I be new to this coll ge life and , I confess , she sca es e this whole place scare I . pinedo yes . larry crowne I wake up this morning so nervous about the first day of school . I change my clothes three time . we may have notice talia francesco - a very stylish young student - come in and sit nearby . no notebook or anything ... larry crowne ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . Larry crowne , and I be babbling . pinedo I be lala . dr . matsutani ( o.c . ) I order you to turn off all cell phone , smart phone , and any phone - like device ! the teacher come in - dr . matsutani . dr . matsutani ( cont 'd ) you have enter the knowledge Zone !! econ Prime ! one textbook ! ( hold it up ) written by ? Ed matsutani , phd. that 's I ! read this book follow into the Promised land ! ( more ) 28 . dr . matsutani ( cont 'd ) ( he laugh mock maniacally ) that usually scare people . yet none of you have fle . a good economic indicator . Larry lean over to lala . larry crowne I like this guy ... pinedo yes ... int . e.c.c.c. - portable classroom - later much like the other . four student sit , wait for class to begin . mercede have already write up on the board in happy letter " English 40 : Shakespeare as politician . care ! please ! I do !!! " but no one else be show up . the clock show 3:09 . mercede tainot what happen to the 16 sign-up ? ( nothing ) Shakespeare as I know he ... be cancel . ext gas station - afternoon Larry be fill up he car , watch he money go down he gas pipe . a body builder on a scooter -- a guy we will come to know as DELL gordo -- pull in to the opposite pump . he flip up the seat , pop the pump into he scooter tank , and in second , be do . that scooter only sip gasoline . off dell go , while Larry 's tank fill and fill and fill ... ext . derby court - later Larry be walk from he house over to lamarr 's . 29 . ext . lamarr house - garage - same lamarr , pipe in mouth , be forever arrange he goods . lamarr what 's cookin ' Joe College ? larry crowne money woe . pay for gas , get to school . ( then ) you ever come across a mope or a scooter for sale or trade ? lamarr stop in he track . lamarr come with I . int . lamarr rumpus room - same patience be at she home office - card table . coupon . Computer on ebay . patience you next wife might stand smoking that pipe in the house but you first one say ' uh - uh !' on the old tv on " wheel of fortune " ( a person ) . lamarr pass through , woman ... lamarr go through the patio door to the back yard , a space fill with even more yard sale item . patience Larry crowne , be think about you . sit down here ... Larry watch vanna White turn letter - he solve the puzzle . larry crowne " College Graduate . " patience that 's go to be you someday . she 's pull up some lp 's on ebay on the computer . 30 . patience ( cont 'd ) you have money in all that record . if you can part with they , they would go for something on the ebay . I will show you how ... from the back patio , lamarr come in push a scooter in not too bad of shape , though its windscreen be fade . lamarr this what you be talk about ? larry crowne that 's a hunk of junk . lamarr this be classic . larry crowne it do not work . lamarr it will for eight hundred dollar . larry crowne two hundred . lamarr Seven hundred . larry crowne two hundred . lamarr six fifty . larry crowne two hundred . lamarr six thirty . patience gonna be a long night with you two . larry crowne forget it . lamarr Larry ! the secret of any negotiation be for both of we to win talk to I how much do you 31 . ext . derby court - later Larry be carry he flat screen tv , wire , box and all , from he house to lamarr 's garage . " wing ding ding ! " go the scooter lamarr have be work on with he tool . he let it idle as he take the tv . lamarr beautiful . I will throw in a helmet . ( showing he ) gas. brake . Light 's bust . tire be low . you will need a special license . Larry strap on the old , beat up crash helmet ( dot approve ) . larry crowne all I need be the open road . Larry revs it , crash into a hedge . lamarr you break it , you buy it . larry crowne it still work . lamarr talk about the hedge . computer screen image of a erotic super -heroine -- busty and hot -- and other , be be study , and save one after another . ext . tainot townhome - den - evening dean tainot be a self - publish author and blogger -- with a taste for this kind of stuff . multiple copy of he own book line the shelf . when he hear the front door open -- he panic . dean tainot well , hey ! who 's home early ! he keep click away with the mouse until he 's safe . mercede call from the other room . mercede tainot 32 . he cover he digital track and hop out of he desk . kitchen mercede be prepping the margarita for cocktail hour . dean tainot first day of term call for a celebration ! mercede tainot you would think so . dean tainot what 's you burden this go round ? mercede tainot tap Dancing . ping pong. Water torture . and speech at sunrise dean tainot I build a flamethrower of a posting for warriorweb which , if I do say , will feed nicely as a outline for as the blender blare , husband and wife eye each other . she 's look at he . he 's smile like a guilty idiot . " carrier : second angel . " and , I be a guest blogger on cybershare . blender off . she start pour . dean tainot ( cont 'd ) y u do not believe I . mercede tainot why would not I believe you ? dean tainot I be compose , mercy . that 's what I do all day . mercede tainot you be look at porn . she take a nice pull on that icy drink . oh fine . think Police . I see some erotica . I be a man , I admit it . mercede tainot take you a while . 33. dean tainot it 's barely porn . I be not hide it . mercede tainot yes you be . she bang she head . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) Brain freeze . dean tainot do not chug . sip. ( then ) everyone hide something . mercede tainot I have no secret from you . I share the whole miserable slate . dean tainot you walk in the door piss off because -- I be sorry -- I have establish a beach head in New media while you still have to teach at Vassar of the Valley . you hide that . mercede tainot ( serious eye ) you look at bra-buster triple - X expect I to pretend I do not know or I do not care . I do both and do not like it . dean tainot it may look like I do not work hard around here , mercy . but I do . I be just a guy who 's a guy be a guy when you be not around ... she walk away . dean tainot ( cont 'd ) and walk away be great for a relationship ... ext . tainot townhome - patio - same it 's a tiny slab , but there be a tree and a fence and a 34 . mercy close the slide door behind she and settles into she chair and into she drink . this be where she go when she think / drink . rap-rap -rap on the glass door . it 's Dean , make one last point . dean tainot ( through glass ) I be a guy . who 's a guy . be a guy ... mercy turn she face to the sky ... ext . CITY STREET - morning the street be not yet crowded with traffic . a motorcycle rider pilot a state of the art STREET machine : machine helmet , leather pants and jacket , radio in the helmet , saddlebags , windscreen . probably a gynecologist . int . intersection - same the cyclist pull up right next to : Larry crowne , riding a scooter for the first time . give the pass Rider - who could not care less -- a ' thumb up !' rider how you do ... larry crowne speck-tack-alar . ( then ) Nice machine . where you head ? rider work . larry crowne School . College . I be a student . what do you do ? rider I be a gynecologist . larry crowne yeah ? I would say ' have a great day ' but that would be state the 35 . the light change . larry crowne ( cont 'd ) you take care . as the Rider take off , Larry try to do the same , but he stall the engine . Cars honk horn at he . ext . e.c.c.c. scooter parking lot - morning Larry be try to work the kick stand of he scooter . he be not yet practice at the thing . another scooter rrive . talia where would you get the hot wheel ? talia be shaking she hair free from she helmet . Larry fail to recognize she from econ prime . talia ( cont 'd ) that machine 's a classic . larry crowne get I here for a nickel 's worth of gas . talia you be in matsutani 's econ with I . larry crowne I be ? talia that class be strain my coconut . larry crowne it 's only be one day talia do not know you scoot . larry crowne New to the sport . talia ( pull out mobile phone ) give I you number . I will introduce you to like - minded enthusiast . ( then ) name please ? 36 . larry crowne Larry crowne . with a 'e ' . talia ' Larry ' ? I do not think so . I use to be Kathleen but one day I look in the mirror and see a girl name talia . ( then in she phone ) put you in as ' lance ' . check you text and we will do we some scoot . ( then ) gotta tell you , lance . tuck a polo shirt into khakis make you look like a cop . larry crowne not much fashion sense . talia I know ! gotta change that ... Larry see mercede tainot walk from the faculty lot , and do not want to be late again . larry crowne gotta go ! talia then get go !! talia watch he go . like he thus far ... int . speech 217 - later mercede be at a desk in the back . bore and , yes , a bit hungover again . you can tell by the way she take long pull from she thermo-cup . busik be sit in on the class , not far from mercede . in front of the board that say " phone off !! " calimeris be demonstrate a exercise for she speech . calimeris with the push - up add , the 4 - count burpie become the 6 - count burpie and work out the pecs and biceps . it 's a all - in - one exercise perfect for cheerleader conditioning . the 6 - count burpie 37 . the class be too shy to applaud though busik clap like a fan . mercede tainot we now all know how to burpie . thank you . ( then ) who 's next ? no one volunteer . though pinedo be about to ... mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) make I the bad guy . ( her roster ) Ms. crowne ? larry crowne you mean I ? mercede tainot Mr. crowne . my bad . Larry go to the podium - armed with a huge stack of 3 x 5's . busik shoot he a ' thumb up . ' he look at mercede for the start cue . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) go. larry crowne my presentation will be on the subject of a very particular procedure . " how to make french toast " , but I will speak English ... Larry have use up one card . mercede roll she eye and talk to herself in a movie device way ... mercede tainot m class be once fill with e rnest young man ready to learn all I have to teach they . cute boy fresh out of High School who all have crush on I from day one . now look at my cadre . dibiasi . bound for jail . mack . treating college like another tour of combat . crowne . if this be hamlet , he would be osric in Act 5 . the part that be always cut . 38 . Larry check on Ms. tainot in the back . she be not talk , only listen ( the movie device mention above ) ... mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) busik , I be go to kill you . you can not suggest this sap take shorthand or oral hygiene ? bring I in at this ungodly hour for 2 minute on french toast ? busik look at mercede , signal a ' not bad , eh ? ' about Larry . she be a stone face . larry crowne most people think syrup come out of a plastic bottle . mercede tainot ( still talk to herself ) great . the history of the sugar maple tree now . thank you Wikipedia . Larry still have a dozen card to go . but the speech be over . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) ah-ooo-gah ! time 's up . larry crowne that go fast ... mercede tainot Breakfast may never be ready . Larry gather he card . busik give he a ' bravo ! ' mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) next . pinedo try to volunteer to go next ... dibiasi I will go . but you be not go to like it . mercede tainot be you clairvoyant ? dibiasi ( hold a pack of toaster waffles ) ( more ) 39 . dibiasi ( cont 'd ) ( reading ) Brown Waffles in toaster at lightest or lowest heat set . a adult should supervise heating by child . applause please . mercede roll she head . busik laugh out loud . busik simple . direct . informative . int . econ . 1 classroom - later a incomprehensible powerpoint graphic be project with Dr. M. explain what it mean . gibberish !! Larry be take note , beside lala , when he phone vibrate . he flinch to turn it off before get into trouble . on he phone a message : talia : " scoot ? " it take a moment for he to understand what be go on . his phone buzze again . to you right " Larry look as instruct . he see talia , phone in hand , miming riding a scooter -- you and I -- wind in we hair ... another text : talia : " lance ! look Larry get it . nod okay . turn back , he find Dr. matsutani , stand over he . Palm out . dr . matsutani you mobile , please . Larry hand it over . dr . matsutani ( cont 'd ) I will return it after class if I do not crush it first . ext . east CITY community college - scooter parking lot - later some of the scooter gang have assemble as Larry and talia walk up . DELL gordo and stan be talk about today 's route . talia hey monkey ! dell gordo plant a kiss right on talia 's lip . she kiss he back . Larry sink a little . 40 . it only figure talia would have a boyfriend like dell gordo . talia ( cont 'd ) this be lance corona . classmate and good guy , so far . DELL gordo dell gordo . you want to ride with we ? larry crowne why not . there be a beat of a stare down between dell gordo and Larry , but then dell start to snap he finger -- SNAP ... SNAP ... SNAP ... -- the other join in until they be all snap finger like the jet versus . shark . talia too . talia snap along , lance or you can not join the gang . Larry , clumsily , start snap too . after a few bar ... DELL gordo okay . you be in for a trial run . and just like that , everyone go back to they wheel . stan not many of this ' 66 wasp leave around . they have low torque . how 's the torque ? he mean Larry 's scooter . larry crowne I just buy it and ride around . someone yell " saddle up ! " talia Stan know engine and junk . DELL gordo let 's go , sweet ! talia we ride , monkey ! Larry 's heart break a tiny bit , suffer as he do from talia-on- the-heart . 41 . the squad pull out through the car of the parking lot with Larry try to speed he machine along with the crowd ... scoot montage they roll through town - a multi-wheele dance troupe . sway ... turn ... slow -motion sometimes ... elegant always . they make riding look fun ... be in a group a gas ... roll with the wind in you hair something you would like to do ... unimart as Larry and the squad pass it by , Larry can not help but eye the place he once work . he see staffer collect cart in the parking lot . he miss that place ... later after many shot , rider begin to peel off -- scoot do . talia wave at Larry who gun he throttle and pull even with she . talia ( cont 'd ) you good , lance ? larry crowne other than school , I have nothing to do . DELL gordo let 's troll buena vista for junk store . stan we hit that last week . talia if it be Saturday we would look for yard sale . larry crowne I know where a yard sale be , like everyday . talia lead the way . ( yelling ) monkey ! lance know a yard sale ! 42 . DELL gordo take point ! larry crowne follow I , boy and girl ! ext . derby court - later the scooter pull around the corner . lamarr shout . lamarr we be be invade ! one by one , the scooter park and survey the scene . the stuff that Larry be sell be now part of lamarr 's operation , be sell ' on consignment ' . . lamarr ( cont 'd ) Larry , what kind of thug you get in with ? larry crowne College buddy . lamarr if they be college buddy why be not they in college ? talia you have any old clothes ? lamarr speak to my bride inside . dell gordo , Stan and the other be go through hardware , tool , appliance . DELL gordo oh man ! this tv trays be too much ! lamarr bargain at $ 100 apiece . DELL gordo for this ? be you nut ? lamarr I be joke , kid . let 's get to haggling . 43. DELL gordo I get it . ( then ) a buck apiece . lamarr you ninety - nine dollar apiece . see how this be work ? DELL gordo two buck apiece ! lamarr ninety - eight and , kid , I do this every day . int . garage -- same talia and patience be put outfit together from off the hanger . talia layer this ... with this . patience add this belt ? talia I love this ! where do you get it ? patience reeled it in like tuna from the Atlantic . talia diamond in a diamond mine . ( another outfit ) take this ... under this ...unbutton that . patience you and I be go to spend some time together ! ext . lamarr house - same Larry stand alone , nothing to do as the scooter poke about the sale . he drift towards he house , a forget man . 44 . int . larry crowne's home - later he be enter some of he choice , rare lp 's up for auction on ebay . doorbell ring int . larry house - same it 's talia . talia I gotta see chez lance . larry crowne entrez vous , sea food plate . talia enter and look around . the decor scream out : " a man life here . " talia no sign of a woman around here for year . drape a scarf over that lamp and you will soften the light . no tv , b t vinyl disk of music ? you try to seduce I ? she examine the record collection . talia ( cont 'd ) alphabetical order . no artistic chaos for you . she close she eye and pick out a lp at random . talia ( cont 'd ) spin this platter , Mr. dj ? larry crowne good choice . as he put it on , talia drift into the ... kitchen nothing match , but it be well - equip with a cozy breakfast nook . talia Breakfast nookie ! ( then ) 45 . talia ( cont 'd ) do denise make you breakfast in here with a little apron and lipstick perfectly apply ? larry crowne I do most of the cooking , actually . ( then ) you know about denise ? talia patience think she be stick up and seriously fleece you . Larry can not believe he neighbor be so loose - tongue . talia ( cont 'd ) so what happen there , my lance ? larry crowne the usual stuff between three people . talia she must have be pretty . ( then ) Fair haire or dark ? larry crowne Dark . talia like I . ( then ) so ? how about a demonstration ? he mean 'of the kitchen ' . Larry 's game ... larry crowne stay outta my way . vegetable be chopped burner turned on mismatched utensil come out of drawer a chicken breast be pounded olive oil goe into a pan Beer opened 46 . pizza bread . chopped veggie salad . lightly fry potato . a pound chicken breast . beer in a bottle . talia eat as Larry get corn bread he steam fresh and moist onto a plate . larry crowne ( cont 'd ) cook for friend be sort of fun . Three hundred time a day be not . DELL gordo ( o.c . ) that corn bread I smell ? talia Kitchen , monkey ! dell gordo have walk into Larry 's house . DELL gordo corn pone ! dell gordo dive in after help himself to a bottle of beer from the refrigerator . talia lance make all this . you should have see he . he be like ... talia do a mime of Larry cooking - like a spastic drummer . DELL gordo you be like uncle Ben or something . Stan 's work on you bike . larry crowne he be ? Larry go to the window . DELL gordo Said the thing be a time bomb . he 's save you life . p.o.v. Stan have break down much of Larry 's bike use lamarr 's tool . lamarr be stand over he , point out what he think need to be do . Stan be ignore he . DELL gordo ( cont 'd ) let 's go lift iron , monkey . it 's a shoulder and arm day ( more ) 47 . DELL gordo ( cont 'd ) lance , raise you right hand and say something patriotic . Larry do , just for fun . larry crowne ' we will be right back after this message . ' DELL gordo you be in the Street patrol . a full - time mission for beauty and justice . talia throw she arm around he and kiss he on the lip -- no romance at all , but still ... talia that denise . what a fool . you a e way cooler than you appear . she leave . dell gordo linger . DELL gordo lance . all man fall in love with talia . you will too , if you have not already . but I love she the most . know that right now . larry crowne capice . DELL gordo seriously . do not make I keep my eye on you . what 's you real name ? larry crowne L rry . DELL gordo mine 's Don . shake hand . ( explaining how ) look each other in the eye . firm grip . no contest , but firm . hold . stack it . ( then ) one word , lance . peace . larry crowne peace indeed . 48 . ext . larry house - morning neighborhood kide be in school uniform , head to the bus stop . dress for school as well , Larry kick start he scooter , now a hum bit of mechanical perfection . larry crowne speck-tack-alar . he peel out , on he way to school . ext . lamarr house - kitchen window lamarr , and he percolator , give Larry a wave . ext . e.c.c.c. campus - day Larry walk to speech 217 like any other student . france taylor - briegh ( overlapping ) even business can break down into a shakespearean five - Act structure ! int . speech 217 - later france taylor -briegh be a former student of mercede with brace on she tooth . her name be print in perfect block letter behind she on the board . she be give a polished , well - prepare " off the cuff " presentation : dynamic seminar present : shakespearean economics . france taylor -briegh Act I : inventory . what do you sell ? Act two ? to market . reach you buyer . Act Three ? Three leg of accounting . receivable . payable . due. Act four ? forward plan . plan to grow . Act five ? final profitability . what do you clear on bottom -line ? ( then ) in other word : " to be or not to be ... in Business . " it 's all nonsense , but it look nice in powerpoint form . Larry be take note . calimeris have draw she pyramid of idea . mack sleep with he head straight up . 49 . pinedo be listen intently , count the idea out on she hand . dibiasi be doodling drawing of football player . france taylor - briegh ( cont 'd ) for business , social , and self - improvement workshop , email I : francestaylor-briegh@dynasem.com . mercede tainot be in the back -- she mind far from she classroom . she be preoccupy . the applause for the speaker jolt she . mercede tainot do you notice ? no script . no note . so it can be do . the class break up . pinedo make it a point to pick up some dynasem brochure . Larry remain , scribbling note . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) White , siler and koss , you be up next time . ( then ) you do good , Fran . thanks . france taylor -briegh anything for the woman who bring out the public speaker in france Taylor - briegh . ( then ) I use you as a focal reference but you be not there for I . what 's wrong , mercy ? mercede signal france : " not yet " , then point to Larry , still finish up he note . france taylor - briegh ( cont 'd ) ( whispering ) I break up with the orthodontist . now I have to get a new boyfriend and a new orthodontist . you ever do that ? get crush on people you see every day after ignore they and then find out they be creep after all ? mercede tainot Mr crowne ? can you move along 50 . larry crowne that be a great presentation . I learn a lot from it . france taylor -briegh Super . larry crowne smart stuff . Super smart . the woman watch he go . as soon as he 's out the door : france taylor -briegh ethel 's here , Lucy . what 's go on ? mercede tainot when be the last time you look at you life and see nothing but fraud and desperation ? france taylor -briegh mercy . you be a idol to I . hear you talk like that be crush my dream . mercy want to take it back . mercede tainot well I be joke of course !!! she pretend to laugh . a little too much . int . econ . 1 - later Dr. matsutani be diagramm on the board . dr . matsutani if the balance on axis a be the same metric as axis B you be in deficit because of overhead , tax , and re-investment . ( then ) translation ? Ms. francesco ? talia something complicated . dr . matsutani Ms. pinedo ? 51 . dr . matsutani ( cont 'd ) Mr. crowne ? larry crowne break even be not make profit , it 's a theoretical assumption . economics abhor a assumption . talia be amused while size he up , from shoe to collar . bad shirt ... pleate pants , too short ... run shoe . dr . matsutani someone 's be read my book . ( then ) the break even paradox create a new metric ... talia make a decision and palm she phone , punch in a text . in a second , Larry 's phone vibrate . he struggle to get it before he get catch with he mobile on . talia : " scoot ? you / I ? " Larry nod at talia . turn back , Dr. matsutani be there again . Larry hand he he mobile phone again . Palm out again . dr . matsutani ( cont 'd ) I be grow tired of this game , Mr. crowne . be not you ? ext . STREET - later Larry and talia . scoot along like elvis and ann-margret in Viva Las Vegas . ext . square hole self -storage - later they swing into the complex . ext . square hole no . 114 - same talia be unlock the grate . larry crowne so what happen here ? talia you ready ? re-invention Big Boy 52 . larry crowne I have no idea what that mean , but you betcha . int . square hole no . 114 - same pitch black as the grate roll up and open , revealing talia , Larry and they park scooter . larry crowne Holy smoke ! the place be cramme with vintage clothes . rack and box and stack of every fashion . larry crowne ( cont D ) you get inventory . she disappear in the back , rummage around . talia I start in the smallest unit . larry crowne this be just sit here ? talia ! this be unproductive capital ! sell it on ebay . talia no one should ever buy clothes off the internet . you have to feel the fabric and test the drape ... larry crowne what be all this worth ? out she ome with a assortment of man 's clothes . talia a lot to I . try this on . larry crowne where ? talia anywhere . fashion be no place for modesty . Strip . he do . larry crowne 53. talia this be a service to humankind , lance . it hurt I to see a top cat dress like a ex-hockey player . you gotta look gorgeous from shoe to collar . start now . Larry be take off he pants just as dell gordo have pull up on he scooter . DELL gordo monkey ! think you might be here . talia lance ! my boyfriend 's here ! put you pants on ! Larry , in fact , have he pants off . dell gordo have a look in he eye of , well , " what the fuck ? " int . / ext . - mercede ' car -- afternoon she be drive home . gps voice please enter you destination . mercede tainot go to hell ... int tainot townhouse - later Dean be open take - out container to put the food on plate . the table be set a little too ornately . wine . he be candle . Flowers . in other word , he 's make up . mercede come in through the door . see what 's up . be good and cute . he pour margarita . dean tainot no argument here , mercy . fact : I be a dope . fact : my wife be beautiful and brilliant . and I will be a good boy from now on . why ? because you be right and I have learn my lesson . just do not be mad at I forever . I have a pliable soul and I pray you do too 54 . he dangle she a fresh margarita . she will take it ... bedroom - night mercede and Dean have have make up sex . it be okay . dean tainot ( cont 'd ) ah . that be nice . mercede tainot it be . yes . dean tainot be think . if you ever want to take a whack at write something -- say a blog a couple of time a week -- I could help you out . mercede tainot how ? dean tainot I would read you stuff . make comment to make it web-savvy . piece need to pop , you know . take a little practice mercede tainot okay . dean tainot see ? you can not stay mad at I . no reason to be mad at I ... he smooches she . mercede smooches back . dean tainot ( cont 'd ) I be just a guy who 's a guy be a guy ... mercede ' eye : she do not like hearing that ... int . larry home - kitchen - morning Larry -- in new , vintage clothes with he morning coffee -- be at he computer enter he financial record into a program - Ed matsutani 's smartplan moneywork . he be also on he mobile phone -- press he party 's extension ... 55 . DENISE this be denise . how can I help you . larry crowne denise . Larry . DENISE my god . Larry crowne . I remember you . larry crowne this a good time ? DENISE other than I be at work ? larry crowne I will call you later . DENISE I be surprised be all . what do you want ? with checkbook , statement , etc . Larry be look for the bottom line . out it come : in red ! ( $ 887.00 ) larry crowne well . okay . uh. here 's the deal . DENISE spit it , lar . larry crowne I be go to miss a few month on the check for the house . DENISE okay . larry crowne I hope not to , but I there it be . DENISE okay . yeah . larry crowne I be sorry . 56 . DENISE how many month ? larry crowne let 's start with six . silence on the other end . DENISE that can not happen , Larry . I be extend . I have put a deposit down on the first vacation I have have in 5 1 / 2 year . my expense be as valid as yours , so I need the check like always . a deal 's a deal . he go back to the computer , to ebay to see how he lp auction be go . one record be go for ... $ 0.75 . another : $ 1.25 . another : no bid . larry crowne I do not have it . DENISE that 's not my problem . take out a loan on the house or something . larry crowne I try . I be too much of a risk . DENISE oh , I be not touch that . I do not want to open up the whole lawyer thing , but I will if push . suck , do not it ? I appreciate the rigorous crowne honesty , but this can not happen . ( then ) this call be monitor to guarantee customer satisfaction , so I be hang up before my supervisor come on ... ext . perry' coffee shop - morning establish . it 's early . few customer 57 . int . perry' coffee shop - same raul be sit at the counter do he paperwork . perry come up to he . perry can I smell trouble or what ? raul can you speak English ? perry that two over in booth 6 ... p.o.v. : two guy in suit . perry ( cont 'd ) homeland Security . I pipe thei badge and everything . raul what be homeland Security do here ... raul look back in the kitchen . carlos and Nick be prepping they station . raul bolt for the kitchen . in second we can see he through the service window . he whisper and gesture to carlos and Nick , who suddenly show panic in they eye . they now bolt the kitchen , out the back way . booth 6 R perry be po ring coffee for the Agents , make small talk as ... out side the window , carlos and Nick be flee for they illegal alien life ... int . larry crowne's home - morning Larry be still try to make sense of he money woe when he phone ring ... caller id : " perry 's coffee shop Breakfast all Day ! " larry crowne hey 58 . intercut / perry be perry be serve hotcake to the Agents while raul be on the phone . raul this be Larry crowne ? larry crowne raul ? yes . raul get you ass down here . you get a job . larry crowne I do ? ext . STREET - later Larry be scoot to perry 's . int . perry' coffee shop - later the place have fill with customer . perry be jamme and behind the window , raul be slapping order up in a frenzy . perry we be swamp , kimosabe . get back there ! raul you be late on you first day ! int . perry' coffee shop - kitchen - same Larry come through the swinging door . he stop and take a breath . his life have come to this . he be back in a kitchen . what can he do , but dive in ... later Larry be at the window , put up order and rip slip off the wheel . not so much as crack a smile , though ... raul where you learn to turn egg like 59 . larry crowne the USS coral Sea . ( then ) boss , I do not want to quit school . raul so do not . larry crowne I gotta get to class before I miss the whole day . and I can not work morning monday , wednesday , Fridays . raul soon as the rush be finish , go . I will get my idiot brother - in- law three day a week . you take evening . deal ? larry crowne deal . when will we talk salary ? raul never . this be take it or leave it . Don t worry . I may be tough but I will be fair . int . speech 217 - day mack be at the podium give a presentation with he Star Wars action figure . mack this be not toy . nobody ' play ' with this . this be keep behind glass , so no way be I pass they around today . mercede talk to we and herself . mercede tainot wait a ding do minute . ( count the head ) 1.2.3.4.5.6.7.8.9 . someone be miss ! who cut my class ? she let slip out loud : mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) where 's Larry crowne ?! everyone look at she . 60 . mack guess Larry 's out today . mercede tainot anyone know why ? mack he do not call I . ad-lib : no one know why Larry be out . mercede tainot I do not believe this ! ditch I ? he ditch I ? not okay . Larry crowne , you be on my shit list . everyone share look like they have witness a lover 's spat . speak quietly in they seat ... dibiasi sound like teacher have a thing for a teach -ee . calimeris when you be out last week , she say nothing . I think she have a crush on Larry crowne . pinedo I do too . ( off they look ) he 's a nice man . mack speak up . mack should I continue ? mercede tainot yes . tell we more about you man doll . mack be humiliate now . mack I be sure everyone recognize boba fett ... ext . e.c.c.c. - later 61 . int . econ 1 - later Dr. matsutani be in mid-lecture when Larry come in , late . larry crowne ( quietly ) I be sorry I be late , Dr. matsutani . May I still sit in the class ? dr . matsutani this be college , Mr. crowne . the only thing you can not do be smoke in the building . Hand over you phone . ( larry doe ) I be go to ask a question in a moment . I want someone other than you to answer it - I do not care if the silence be positively Arctic . Larry move to take a seat . talia can not believe he choice of dress . she mime to he " what 's with the outfit ? " his mime answer be unintelligible . dr . matsutani ( cont 'd ) this bring we to a dread task to every corporate entity . what be the purpose of semi-annual be - purpose ? anyone ? ( then ) anyone ? he wait . and wait . and wait . matsutani stare fear into the heart of all but Larry . larry crowne ( whispering ) lala ... to upload market difference without ... pinedo without moot the quarterly . I know . larry crowne then say it . ( she won 't ) just give the answer . you know it . say it . pinedo can I ? 62 . larry crowne I insist . lala pinedo clear she voice . but still whisper ... pinedo to up ... meet ... es without ... ing ... terly predict ....? no one understand that ... dr . matsutani I know what you mean , but please share it with you classmate ? pinedo ( loud enough ) to upload market difference without moot quarterly prediction . dr . matsutani do this affect the value index ? pinedo no . only the profit markdown . dr . matsutani someone be do the read ! lala pinedo beam ! Larry applaud . talia whoops ! ext . e.c.c.c. - later mercede tainot be crossing campus when she see Larry . talia be move around he hair , show it to a scooter quad hair stylist . lala be weigh in with she opinion on Larry 's hair . mercede tainot be that Larry crowne !? ( he stop ) you have a lot of nerve show you face on campus after ditching my class ! larry crowne I be sorry , Ms. tainot . I will not miss another class , this I vow . 63. mercede tainot vow come cheap , Larry crowne . you will lead off next assignment with three minute on a personal first . a story , with detail , not a laundry list or slide show . and , as I tell dibiasi , no one want to hear about the first time you get laid . she eye talia with venom in she eye . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) or the most recent . talia laugh out loud ! talia that woman be one clench fist of fury . int . big balloon children' hair salon - later noisy kid squirm and cry and play game as they get haircut from other stylist . Larry be in a chair mean for toddler . the scooter squad Hair stylist be cut he hair . talia be take Larry 's shitty velcro wallet and put he stuff into a cool use leather one with a chain . talia she must not be have any amok loving . scooter hair stylist that make I cranky , too . talia without a workout in the Inner sanctum a few time a week I can not concentrate . larry crowne inappropriate subject in mix company . scooter hair stylist for girl - talk this be nothing . larry crowne 64 . talia you you want to fix it with you teacher ? bang she . talia slide a photo of herself make a face into Larry 's wallet , then add a condom in its foil . larry crowne she 's marre . talia you would kill two bird in one bush . nothing wrong with a campus romance . otherwise life be what ? Breakfast work , coffee , school , lunch , scoot , class , shop , talk , mexican food , a movie , glass of wine or two then bed ? that 's not live . scooter hair stylist not without some smooching time . talia Bet she would give you a a plus . ( then ) if you be any good ... she and the stylist crack up ! ext . riverbank branch - later Larry pull in . int . riverbank branch - later Larry have fill out a bunch of papers and be sit down with Laurie gammelgaard , who offer he coffee . laurie gammelgaard more complimentary coffee ? larry crowne complimentary coffee be usually lousy . laurie gammelgaard I drink it all day . ( then ) so ? you be back ! 65 . larry crowne I get a job . laurie gammelgaard Atta baby ! larry crowne perry 's coffee shop . Breakfast all day . and I be go to school . laurie gammelgaard at East City . I see . ( from the papers ) Larry , this do not change anything . larry crowne I be afraid of that . laurie gammelgaard the interest alone will eat up you service industry salary . larry crowne you say come back in a few week . it 's be a few week . laurie gammelgaard okay . ( then ) I will personally take this to my supervisor and fight to get you the loan you need . but you know how complimentary coffee be always lousy ? you chance be , too . larry crowne I can not make the payment on the house . I be go to lose it , be not I ? laurie gammelgaard stop with the gloomy puss . you be do everything right . hang in there . you still have a friend at riverbank . larry crowne you guy be force to say that , be not you ? laurie gammelgaard 66 . thunder roll in the distance ext . square hole no . 114 - morning rain ! come down in bucket . talia have the grate up , wrapping a new outfit for Larry cull from she supply . dell gordo be in a rain slicker . DELL gordo I think it 's let up . talia it 's go to storm till next year . DELL gordo we can not stay here all day . find a raincoat and let 's get a little wet . talia I do not scoot in the rain . DELL gordo how you go to get to school then , College co - Ed Belle ? Larry pull up in he karmann ghia -- top up . talia my savior ! look at you new schmatas . ( holding boot ) and footwear ! ( hopping in , to dell ) stay dry , sweetie ! dell gordo be not happy to see this . ext . donut shop - morning - rain it be raining . mercede ' car be out front . mercede tainot ( pre - lap ) I get engage to a teacher / writer with two book in print ... 67 . int . mercede ' car - morning - rain the window be fogging up . france and mercede sip take - out coffee and eat glaze ring of death . france taylor -briegh I never read they . mercede tainot who do ? I be marry to a ex - teacher turn blogger with two book in print . and oh , yes , he have the libido and internet access of a 13 - year-old . france taylor -briegh I have a boyfriend who own every movie Sophia loren ever make . I d hear a dvd go into the playe a know what I be go to be do in a half-hour . right next to they , Larry crowne pull up in he karmann ghia with the top up and talia in the passenger seat . mercede tainot once more to divorce Court to cashier a spouse , line my cloak with alimony and do myself homage . france taylor -briegh othello . Act 1 . scene 1 . iago to roderigo . talia jump out and run into the donut shop . mercede tainot why can not all my student be like y u ? france taylor -briegh because , as I learn in you class , I be one of a kind . Larry roll down he window and yell something funny to she . he never see mercede or france . france taylor - briegh ( cont 'd ) hey , that guy 's in you class . mercede wipe fog off the window . mercede tainot 68 . p.o.v. talia be talk to the donut shop Lady , select cruller and old - fashioned . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) and that toy poodle he keep on a leash ! mercede eye Larry in he car . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) that 's why he 's in college ! to get laid ! france taylor -briegh it happen . talia come run out , with two coffee and a bag of donut , hop into Larry 's car and they pull out as talia put a ring of sweet into he mouth . mercede roll down she window and yell . mercede tainot you be everything that 's wrong with America , Larry crowne ! they do not hear she . int spee h 217 - morning Larry be at the podium , prepping he " personal first " presentation as the class come in . he be dress as talia style he . dibiasi woah ! Larry crowne , I do not know you be gay . you have go all Project runway on we . mercede enter , eyeing Larry with residual venom . he be oblivious . she take she listen post in the back of the room as the class go quiet . larry crowne should I begin ? mercede signal ' yeah , go ahead , asshole . ' larry crowne ( cont 'd ) first crossing of the equator ... 69 . mercede tainot ( talk to herself in the movie device way ) oh shut up you sleaze . jerk . ( then ) look at the new pants . they actually fit . and that jacket be ' smart ' . do busik put Larry crowne into fashion for creep ? a old goat dress like lamb . ( then ) of course ! it 's that doe- eye young thing he 's be wear on he sleeve . dress like he 's half he age . give I a shotgun ! I will pepper Larry crowne right now ! ( then ) be I be unfair ? I mean , if I be single and some young buck take to I , would not I be inclined to diddly - dally ? she look at dibiasi , who have snuck ipod earbud onto he head , be mouth the word and play air guitar . the class erupt in l ughter . mercede be not pay mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) youth would not be the only requirement , of course . attention to hear Larry 's bon mot . dibiasi ( jerk out bud ) what ? what he say ? larry crowne unless you be look at a chart , you do not even know the equator when you cross it ... mercede tainot a repackage Larry crowne will not fool I . shame on you . go after jail bait , you criminal . insert viagra joke here ... ( then ) herself at you ... no . do not let up . no , mercy . no mercy ! polite applause . mercede pretend she hear every word . 70 . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) anyone recall anything from that ? pinedo that Larry believe there be sign on post mark the equator . calimeris and that , when it 's a first time , they make the rookie dress in drag and sing Abba song ? mercede miss a lot of that . everything , in for ct . mack Larry work on a aircraft carrier ! night carrier landing be the trickiest fly in world . mercede be learn this for the first time as well . mercede tainot that be a memorable nugget . pinedo Larry be station in Panama ! my father be from Panama ! mercede tainot Mr. koss to the lectern , please . more anecdote come from the class about Larry 's speech . mercede hear none of they ... ext . STREET - day talia be riding alone . she slow at a tattoo parlor ... int . perry' coffee shop - kitchen - afternoon Larry bang out order . raul sit at the butcher block , sip coffee , observe he new kitchen staffer . ext . perfect space - day a empty store right next to the tattoo parlor . talia be look through the window 71 . a hand - draw sign with a arrow say " for lease enquire next door ask for maurice . " talia smile . her mobile ring its unique ringtone . stan : " scoot ! webster and Palm ! " int . perry' coffee shop - kitchen - late afternoon Larry be slapping order together at the same time he h 's he study out -- try to do two job at the same tim his mobile phone vibrate . talia : " scoot ? " he punch in " can not . job . " he go back to he study just as another order come up . then he phone vibrate again . talia : " job ? sob! come ! " larry crowne oh crap . ext . perry' coffee shop - later talia and the scooter gang pull in . int . perry' coffee shop - same in they pour , size up the place for a hangout . talia , Stan - - minus dell gordo -- and other sit at the counter where they can see Larry . talia chef corona ! steam we some corn bread ? the other pretend to be grumpy diner : feed we ! what 's a reuben sandwich ? where 's my sanka ! later up come order after order . burger . hot beef sandwich . Turkey club . Greek salad . 72 . talia ( cont 'd ) woman on deck ! raul look up from he Spanish Language newspaper . raul you can not come in here . talia I be a friend of lance 's . raul no lance work for I . talia hop up to sit on a butcher block . raul ( cont 'd ) this be my kitchen and I be the boss . talia be he , lance ? larry crowne raul 's my boss , yeah . talia rah-ool . rhyme with ya-cool . be ya ' cool , raul ? raul sure I be cool . tough but fair , too . talia as boss , do you make up the menu ? L raul a N . but I do the purchase . R talia be that a tough but fair job ? R raul y it make I crazy , you kid ? but it 's gotta be do every day or guess what ? no food . I will show you how much I gotta do ... p U and just like that , talia have seduce another man . tell she the secret of purchase order 's fries into the deep fryer . raul be 73. later talia be with perry at the register . she 's seduce he now , as he go over the menu and what sell more than ever . perry Breakfast all day , see . from corn flake to popover . we make the best Chicken fry Steak outside of a truck stop . talia can lance take a break ? perry who ? talia the artist formerly know as Larry . I need he expertise . perry ( calling ) lance . perry signal to Larry then to talia and make a talk gesture . booth - later Larry and talia sit . she have she notebook out -- sketches and idea and form ... larry crowne Square footage at this price be a bargain . talia maurice say I be save he life by rent the space . larry crowne ( writing ) this be you matsutani Delta number . you net this every month , you cover overhead , and the rest be profit . talia you sure ? larry crowne chapter four . 74 . talia you make it sound so simple !! talia be so excited she grab Larry and shower he forehead with kiss . appear out of nowhere : dell gordo . larry crowne ( bolting ) well , back to work ! ext . cheesecake factory - parking lot - early evening Dean be open the car door for mercede , put on the class act for a night out . he laugh at a feeble joke we can not hear . the guy be try . later - night they come right out the same door . they have argue and drank all through the meal . Dean carry extra cheesecake home in a dessert box . and , oh , they have be drink . dean tainot work my ass off all night try to get for i in ' smile out of you ! mercede tainot I be smile ... dean tainot like the joker after three Apple martinis . mercede tainot if they help , they help . dean tainot we can not even have a date night now ? you can not even chillax for one meal ? mercede tainot " chillax ? " do you use the word " chillax ? " that come from you blogger thesaurus ? int . car shot - mercede ' seven -year old car - night 75 . gps voice please enter you destination . mercede tainot you lie to I , Dean . every day . you. lie. to. me. dean tainot you look for a whole new man , mercy ? I be the jerk who have to transform into ultraman to make you happy ? no . I like myself , mercy . I put up with you and complain about nothing . mercede tainot I be not complain . I be state the truth . I teach while you pretend to work . dean tainot I have three posting today alone . fogcaster , skyscan , and parsectwelve.com mercede tainot that be not posting . they be comment . dean tainot hey , booze-illa , who be you to judge I ? ( then ) I know what 's really pissing you off . I like big titty . and you do not have any . yeow . a line have be cross . a big , ugly line have just be cross . even Dean know it . dean tainot ( cont 'd ) maybe I should take that back . mercede tainot let I out of this fucking car !!! ext . intersection - continuous a young couple -- call they janet and tony - have be on they first date . it 's go well . 76 . janet as soon as I see you , I say , " I want to go out with that man . " tony what do you say when I ask you out ? janet I say " yes . " you be there , remember ? tony I see you and I think " I would be a lucky guy if she would go out with I . " janet yes you be . tony honestly , this be about as good a first date go , be not it ? janet disaster loom on most first date , but I be talk to you like you be a friend I want to make out with . tony hold that think . Dean and mercy pull up beside they in they car . mercede be out of the car before it even stop . dean tainot I take it back . I take it back . mercede tainot drive , asshole ! drive away ! dean tainot I have be drink , too . mercede tainot drive straight till you hit a cliff on the coastline ! dean tainot you win ! I be let you win ! everything you say be right and win ! 77 . mercede tainot loser ! I married a loser !!! with a tiny dick ! tiny dick loser ! dean tainot screw you , you washboard ! mercede tainot oh , chillax !!! gps voice please enter you destination . Dean screech off into the night . mercede pick up a rock and hurl it at he . mercede tainot I be throw rock at my own car !! Janet and tony be aghast - silent - in shock . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) the jerk who just desert I ? my husband of 4 friggin ' year ! she stomp off into the night . Janet and tony do not know what to do with each other now . ext . business STREET - later mercede be walk home . it 's a bit longer than she would like . she come to a bus stop and study the route . she sit and remove she shoe . mercede tainot I love this shoe once . stupid shoe . she sit at he stop , about to cry . then she sort of do cry , for so any reason . in the distance , we hear ... the roar of scooter . then here they come . a night - time ' scoot ' . all the regular go by . somewhere in the mix be Larry and talia . talia be just able to turn she head and see Ms. tainot at the bus stop . she slow . 78 . talia lance ! chick alert ! Larry be beside she . they stop . talia ( cont 'd ) you be not go to believe how fate meet cute ! she u-turn and Larry follow she , confuse . bus bench mercede wonder who this mock Wild one be that pull up to she . larry crowne Ms. tainot ? mercede tainot no . he take off he helmet . larry crowne Larry crowne . mercede tainot Jesus Christ . talia and I have be call you ' lance ' . larry crowne do you need a ride ? hop on . mercede tainot and bust up you romp in the glen with bambi ? talia hey . bambi be a boy . larry crowne I be head home . ( to talia ) right ? we be do scoot ? talia not I . I love riding in the night . Magic happen . ( to lance ) 79 . away talia scoot to catch up with the gang . mercede tainot what do man see in irritate free spirit ? mercede start walk . larry crowne seriously . I offer you a ride . mercede tainot seriously . I do not want one . Larry shut off he scooter , push it along with he foot larry crowne I have yet to give anyone a lift on this but I think I can get you home with a scrape elbow , worst case . mercede tainot I be walk , crowne , as thought black boil up from my soul . Major consequence sure to follow . you will read about they on parsectwelve.com . larry crowne a attractive woman like you walk alone be a dumb idea . mercede tainot I need a man flirt with I right now like I need a dog crapping on my lawn . I be hoof it . larry crowne in that shoe ? mercede ponder she shoe . he 's get she . she stop . mercede tainot a man who notice shoe . ( giving up ) all right . I will be you cycle slut . larry crowne put this on . ( he helmet ) strap you leg round my engine and 80 . mercede tainot it will not be a terrible thing if you kill we both . larry crowne ai not you a ball of fun ? Larry kick start the scooter and off they go -- slowly . in motion mercede tainot be you really go to go this slow ? larry crowne I do want to survive this night . mercede tainot Fine . I have time to window shop . oh look , a sale on tire at autousa . and here come a mailbox . I have never notice they perfect design and colo scheme . this be so slow a cat could knock we over . ext . intersection - minute later . here they come at the speed of a lazy cow . mercede be sing " sixteen mile on the Erie Canal " . ext . STREET - riding shot - later - on the scooter Larry shout over he shoulder . larry crowne where be I take you ? mercede tainot down to portola and leave to havenhurst . havenhurst to palermo . right on palermo till I yell stop . larry crowne I may use this as a presentation in class . mercede tainot try it and you will flunk . I be joke . 81 . mercede tainot ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha . larry crowne I like you class . you be make we all do thing we never think we could . mercede tainot put the shovel away and just get I home , ' kay ? up ahead , flash light . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) hail we City 's finest . larry crowne someone 's get pinch ... a cop car with its cherry top flash , have pull over a drunk Driver . it 's Dean . they be make he touch he nose , breathe into a test kit . mercede start laugh . as they pass the crime scene , Dean be be put into the back of the prowler , cuffed ... mercede ' laugh fill the night as they putt-putt along . mercede tainot measure he dick , officer ! he 's too diminutive to drive ! ( then ) tiny dick loser ! Larry do not know what to make of that . larry crowne bad night for that guy . mercede tainot best night I have have in year ! drive on , mcduff ! ext . cedar hill townhomes - night in through the gate come we night crawler . mercede be 82. ext . tainot townhouse - same Larry shut off the motor . mercede be half asleep . she do not remember to take off Larry 's helmet . larry crowne unit 114 . mercede tainot thanks for the ox- cart ride . like a sleepwalker . stands at the alarm pad . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) I can see the alarm pad . I know the code . but my hand be not work . ( then ) help I . larry crowne you do not want to give I you pass code . mercede tainot just hold my hand up to the number . I will manage from there . Larry take she hand and guide it to the pad . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) look away now . ( he doe ) two two two two . pound . Larry hear every word . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) W ere 's my purse ? oh yeah . my car . the key please ? it 's bury in that plant . Larry dig out a altoid tin . rattles it . larry crowne this it ? mercede tainot why I think it be ! larry crowne I will get the door for you Larry open the door , reach in , turn on the light . 83. mercede tainot take one step inside and I call security . Larry step away from the door . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) and forget this ever happen . larry crowne what ? mercede tainot this whole sorry chapter tonight . larry crowne what ? mercede tainot you pass up gidget for a flat old coot like I . larry crowne what be you talk about ? mercede tainot what , you have no short - term memory ? Larry have be tie to be polite . larry crowne when I say ' what ' , it mean I get it and have already purposefully forget everything . call it irony . mercede tainot sarcasm . irony be when gallant land in the drunk tank while goofus scoot I home . larry crowne goodnight , Ms. tainot . she do not move , but flash she ring finger . mercede tainot Mrs. I be Mrs. tainot . can you not see that ? larry crowne I assume you prefer ms 84 . mercede tainot when we presume we make a pretty pair of ass of I and you or something like that . ( then ) why be not you marry ? larry crowne that 's a long story and it 's late . ( then ) my helmet ? mercede tainot help yourself . she stick she neck out . if this be a movie , they might kiss right now . Larry pause . mercede look at he . he 's not a bad look guy . he start to undo the helmet strap . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) I notice something on the ride . larry crowne what mercede tainot it may you smell good . larry crowne thanks . he gently remove the strap and helmet from she head . be a bit sexy . her hair tumble out . mercede tainot do you have a crush on I ? single student . unattainable teacher . it 's common . Larry have no idea what to say . larry crowne we all have crush on you . even the gal . mercede tainot you want to make out with I , you can . I know I be not a third rate audrey hepburn wanna - be but I still got move come on , gramp . take this ride . ( more ) 85 . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) my spouse will not be home for 3 to 5 year . Larry ponder this moment for as long as he can . he should not , of course . but , damn . she be mercede tainot . bang . it 's a pretty good whammy kiss . make she splay she arm and everything . Larry pull back . after a bit , though . she could have keep at it , too . larry crowne wow ... mercede tainot pretty dang good . I still get it , no ? larry crowne yes , you do .. ( then ) in you go . ( mercede go in ) Close the door . ( she doe ) lock it ! Larry hear the sound of the bolt . he walk away . int . tainot townhouse - same mercede lean against the door . what do she just do ???? larry crowne ( o.s. ) goodnight , whoever you be ! mercede tainot whoever I be ... ext . tainot townhouse - same Larry wistfully start he bike , look back at the door . he will not forget that kiss or this night . he drive off . ext . tainot townhouse - morning a taxi be pull up . out of the back , Dean , look like he 86 . he pay the cabbie , piss off about everything . then he world get much more complicated . p.o.v. all he possession , stack up in front of the door . on the top of the heap , he computer . turned on and show porn dean tainot oh , Jesus Hell and tomorrow ... ( then ) mercy !!! ext . e.c.c.c. teachers ' parking lot - morning mercy feel terrible , step from she car , brutally hungover . as she straighten up , she eye catch ... larry crowne on he scooter . head towards the scooter parking . she smile -- a rare thing on a morning like this but the memory of last night warrant it . she head in that direction . ext . e.c.c.c. campus - same mercy be try to ' accidentally ' run into Larry , but be catch by surprise when .. he be walk right towards she . oops . that would be uncomfortable . she duck behind a pillar . still want to ' bump ' into the man who kiss she last night , she circumvent he path , stalking Larry like a birdwatcher track a blue-taile swallow . hopping behind a tree , mercy 's shoe get catch in some mud . bend down , a branch catch she sweater and rip a seam . stepping onto the pavement , the tree branch smack she in the head . still , she keep and eye on Larry . and pursue ... bench area 87 . stay out of he eye line , mercy navigate she way around to the other side of the bench Area and prep she appearance before make a 180 degree reverse , guarantee a ' meet ' with Larry . then she see she . talia sitting with other , greeting Larry with laughter and hug and hoot . talia be announce to all how she leave Larry with a drunken teacher last night , with she arm around he waist and affection in she eye . mercy be crush . for the obvious reason sh 's ill can not understand . she be hope to have Larry to herself for a minute or two . talia and larry amid the other ... talia oh , come on ! I leave you all set up ! what go down ? larry crowne epilog . School today . talia lance ! a Betty on you scooter after midnight ? holding on , she arm around you , press against you back , be a license to at least cop a feel . larry crowne if we have end up make out , you still would not hear it . talia slug he . all in play ... mercy convince Larry be gossipe about last night , mercy back away from the scene , and slink away toward she class . 88. int . speech 217 - day mercede be in the back , wear the darkest glass allow a teacher in a classroom , hide the fact that mercy be look at Larry . Larry be listen to lala with delight . pinedo see they -- the Northern light , the aurora borealis -- should have be beyond I , but I be a little girl in coach class still awake , a window seat , a moonless night somewhere over Greenland with a shimmer curtain of emerald , gossamer light dance just for I . ( then ) that be something I will remember forever . the speech be over . the class erupt in applause for lala , who have hit a home-run . foremost of the fan , Larry , who rise in applause for the once quiet classmate . then the applause be over . the teacher say nothing . dibiasi that be a knockout speech , lala . make the news . cause riot downtown . School 's out till 2019 . the student look at each other , shrug they shoulder , and head ou . mercede tainot Mr. crowne ? a moment please ? calimeris why do not she just throw herself at he ? pinedo this be border on harassment now . dibiasi quiet down . I be watch the tv show ... mack why do not this ever happen to I ? 89 . mercede tainot I need a few moment alone with Mr. crowne thank you . dibiasi move along folk . privacy 's a right in this great nation of ours . mack you want I should close this door , lock it , and barricade it so you will not be disturb ?? we hear they cackle like geese in the hall . larry crowne how be the triplet ? groggy , puffy , and grumpy . he mean the hangover . mercede tainot last night be a confluence of too many thing happen in too short a time span . larry crowne last i ht ? let 's see , what be I do ? study some . work some . can not recall . I have forget everything that happen last night as best a gentleman can . mercede tainot I have no right to judge you or you relationship . date who you want . Larry have no idea what that mean . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) but what happen last night -- between adult -- be inappropriate . if gossip be to circulate , the problem could be more than just embarrassing . my status as a professor could be tarnish . larry crowne I would not want that . mercede tainot happen before . ( more ) 90 . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) with parking attendant . stranger at party when I have have a bit too much of the demon rum . this be the first time with a student . ( then ) I hope the entire thing will be forget . Larry have just have he feeling hurt by he teacher . larry crowne sure . nothing happen . at all . mercede tainot so there will be no bravado among you and you pal ? larry crowne none . mercede tainot thank you , Mr. crowne . larry crowne I would better scurry along to Dr. matsutani 's class . I hope I do not have this same conversation with he . Larry leave - a good mood ruin ... mercy watch he go . what be go on behind that dark glass ? ext . larry crowne's home - afternoon Larry and lamarr be sit on the curb , watch kid play down the street . they run back and forth in front of they with a soccer ball . they both have pipe , with lamarr show he how to light up . lamarr puff . do not suck . then ... relax . ( then ) see ? Works . larry crowne I have to sell my car . put a new top on it . 91 . larry crowne if I could afford a new top I could afford to keep it . lamarr what 's the job pay you ? larry crowne half my unimart salary . lamarr you be down , Larry crowne . down as dirt . larry crowne I be look back on the year denise leave as the good old day . lamarr hang in there , neighbor . larry crowne everyone keep say that . lamarr I be in the same spot . look what happen . larry crowne the odd of two people on the same street win the lottery be worse than one person on the street win the lottery . lamarr I read how the universe be expand , Larry , take we along with it . that be a wild concept to grasp , but what it mean be , we all have to hold on tight sometimes to get to where we be go to be . larry crowne ( the pipe ) this thing must be make I dizzy . what ? lamarr keep you grip . you will be okay . it 's like the wife always say ... shopper pull up to lamarr 's yard sale . the wife have a 92 . lamarr ( cont 'd ) a woman with a measure tape ? that 's money in my pocket . a ball fly in and hit Larry smack in the head , send he pipe fly . ext . unimart - parking lot - day hardly any car . Shopping cart be herde into they corral by ... former team leader Larry crowne . int . unimart MAIN entrance - same Larry stand where he be once king . p.o.v. the place look different . shabby . unkempt . understaffed . he recognize no one . aisle no one be there to help Larry pick out two ' for sale by owner ' sign . and , he can not help it : he straighten out some mess up rack and shelf . register vasquez - Security - be go , replace by cubby -- the former janitor who be now the skinniest security guard in history . Larry slide the sign for purchase . man the thing ? vicky hurley . not look good hurley ' ind bargain today ? ' larry crowne vick ? how you do ? Larry crowne . hurley look at he . she look tired . and stupid in she cashier 's apron . hurley Larry . hi. larry crowne why be you on the Register ? 93. hurley management execs be now require to put in 8 - hour shift on the floor . every day . no overtime . no bonus . just more hour . Cash or unimart bargain Card ? like you have one of they . larry crowne Cash . no receipt . hurley be robotic . hurley you get out of here just in time ... ' thank you for choose unimart , where united we blah blah . ' ext . a park - day tree . a picnic table . and mercede tainot write individual word on page of a steno book . after each word , she fold each page many time and put it in a basket . up walk Dean tainot , who look neither happy nor cheerful . dean tainot hi. mercede tainot thanks for come . dean tainot no notice . no preamble . just a email and a google map . mercede tainot I know you would be on the computer . ( then ) work ... dean tainot Point make . ( then ) so . what up . mercede tainot be we make a mistake here ? dean tainot 94 . mercede tainot Point make . we could change thing . we could start right now . dean tainot we could . why should we ? mercede tainot because we have history , Dean . but first , my thought ... I have get to address drink . I should be able to comprehend and respond to both side of we conversation . and the morning shower should be refresh , not a hangover cure . dean tainot I would like that too . mercede tainot really ? dean tainot you be not a pleasant woman after a few glass . morning with you be to be survive . mercede tainot okay . now , you . Dean be catch short . dean tainot I see . I be what this be all about . mercede tainot there be plenty of item on the relationship agenda but let 's start here . dean tainot you be talk about you but you really mean I . ( then ) I be not yell or begging or say you have to stop do anything . so you do not get to either . mercede tainot I be not say that . 95 . dean tainot we have both be here before . why prolong the process ? White flag ! I give up . this be not work . ( then ) I will sign papers and check , see if there 's enough for a cool sport car as a reward for the last few year and eventually I will be fine and you will too . but I be never once go to look at myself as another poor divorced guy who could still be marry if only he have do the meat culpa bit for all he fault . ( then ) I just now come up with that , and it be go to be my next posting . he pull out he blackberry and make a note to himself . dean tainot ( cont 'd ) I do not think there be anything else to talk about . do you ? mercede look at he . she have be a fool ... ext . tainot townhome - patio mercy -- margarita pitcher handy -- be still write word on paper , and drink . alone . not good . ext . e.c.c.c. parking lot - morning the sign read " final week : enroll for spring quarter . " int . speech 217 - morning she be in the front of the class with a small box . hungover ? a bit , yes ... mercede tainot here I have surprise topic . Friday , in a lightn round , you must wax on that topic for 2 minute without pause , repetition , or lack of charm . no note . one visual aid . ( then ) ms pinedo draw 96 . Ms. pinedo pull a paper from the box . ms. pinedo ' potato ? ' mercede tainot spud . can not wait . dibiasi draw a paper . dibiasi ' disraeli ' ? what be that ? mercede tainot who be that ? dibiasi it 's a guy from disrael . I be do . now it 's Larry 's turn . he shyly draw a paper -- a bit uncomfortable in class since the recent event . larry crowne ' consumerism ' . mercede tainot that 's suppose to say ' communism . ' larry crowne the handwrite be loopy . look like ' consumerism ' . mercede tainot fine. 2 minute on consumerism . calimeris pick . hers be loopy , too . calimeris ' malpity hoople . ' ( then ) what 's this say ? mercede tainot no idea . just pick another . int . econ 1 -- later Dr. matsutani be go on . Larry be look for talia , who be not in class . 97 . dr . matsutani ( he book ) ) at the end of each chapter be a study guide . master that and you will have master my book . master my book and you will take over the world . he laugh demonically . dr . matsutani ( cont 'd ) by now you should be laugh with I . Larry can not believe talia be not there ... ext . talia' new store - later Larry scoot up . she be inside arrange a " come soon ! " window display . dell gordo , Stan , and the squad be all inside building shelf and rack . she come out of the store . talia you digging what you see ? larry crowne you miss matsutani 's class . Review for the final . talia I be do with th college . larry crowne what ? why ? talia because I be go into business . larry crowne talia . do not be a fool . stay in school . do not throw away you education . talia and do not drink and drive or do drug and quit smoking and eat vegetable . I do not . I stop . I do . I do . larry crowne 98 . talia pretty much . oh , look . maurice give we free tattoo . I want something in japanese so check this out . she show it to he , just above she butt-crack . it 's two japanese character . talia ( cont 'd ) that one say ' courage ' . that one say ' spirit ' . courageous Spirit . dell gordo knock on the window as Larry have he hand on he gal 's butt ... " what 's this , lance ? ? " larry crowne japanese character go the other way and that say soy sauce . talia oh shut up . larry crowne it do . soy sauce . soy. sauce . quitting school be for dope . it do , actually say soy sauce . he be start he scooter . talia be here for we Grand open ! larry crowne might not make it . I have final ! OPEN sky Larry come into frame , with a hammer and stake . ext . larry house - day he be pound the for sale sign into he front lawn . Laurie gammelgaard pull up she new vw bug with a couple in the back seat . they get out and Larry nod as he wave they to the door . he remain on the lawn , look at he neighborhood -- the kid , the dog -- lamarr across the street . it 's all over ... 99 . ext . perry' coffee shop - night france and mercede have pull up in she car . france taylor -briegh this place anonymous enough ? mercede tainot as long as alcohol 's out of my grasp . france taylor -briegh they have good pie , they say . mercede tainot great . sugar can replace tequila in my bloodstream , my thigh , and the fold in my neck . they pass a car prominently park - Larry 's convertible karmann ghia with a sign on its windshield : " for sale by owner . " france taylor - briegh ( pre - lap ) so . you be a mess . int . perry' coffee shop - same they sit in a back booth where she would never see Larry . mercede tainot yep . france taylor -briegh you would think leggy blond like we would be impervious , right ? at that moment , Larry crowne happen to come out of the kitchen to help himself to a cup of coffee . mercede see he just as perry come up with menus . perry lady . bring a appetite ? france taylor -briegh the mark of a restaurant be they Key lime pie . mercede be surprised to see Larry in a chef 's hat . perry 100 . france taylor -briegh no Key lime ? perry cream pie I get . france taylor -briegh Boston cream ? perry Boston cream ? Key lime ? Lady , you be kill I here . france taylor -briegh phooey . Peach . Peach pie . perry ma'am ? mercede tainot I will have the french toast . france taylor -briegh french toast ? mercede tainot ( on the menu ) Breakfast all day . perry leave to put in the order . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) you will not believe how far I fall on the hooch -o-meter . france taylor -briegh I have see it happen a time or two . mercede tainot I kiss a boy . france taylor -briegh when , third grade ? mercede tainot one of my student . france taylor -briegh you hoor . ( then ) gimme the friggin ' detail ! he 's not a minor be he ? 101 . mercede tainot older than I . france taylor -briegh Hugh hefner in you class ? what go down ? mercede tainot he sort of ... rescue I . and ... he smell nice . france taylor -briegh he a fireman who bake bread ? mercede tainot I want to be kiss so ask if he want to and he do . france taylor -briegh bold . who be he ? kitchen perry slide over a plate of french toast -- with one bite out of it . Larry look up from he econ . 1 textbook . perry you be slip , Larry . ( the toast ) Lady say it 's not french toast as she know it . larry crowne she 's insane . perry take it up with she . Larry head out of the kitchen . perry ( cont 'd ) no shouting , okay ? this be a family friendly establishment . booth here come Larry , not yet see mercede . larry crowne france Taylor - briegh . you have a problem with you order ? mercede tainot 102 . knock Larry over with a feather . larry crowne Mrs. tainot . france taylor -briegh ( to mercede ) the student of yours !? mercede tainot this be Larry crowne . larry crowne there 's no way in creation I screw up french toast . mercede tainot it be fine , actually . ( then ) I want to see if it be really you cooking back there . and say , howdy . howdy doody . during the follow , france be try to get a whiff of Larry -- to find out how he smell . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) ready for the final ? larry crowne you will be the judge of that . the be a beat of silence . larry crowne ( cont 'd ) so , you meal be satisfactory ? mercede tainot absolutely . larry crowne would you let my boss know so I do not lose this job ? mercede tainot yes indeed . larry crowne shall I prepare you another batch ? mercede tainot no . thanks . 103 . larry crowne then I will return to my station .. mercede watch he go . france taylor -briegh you kiss the cook ... ( then ) I get a whiff . he smell like bell pepper . mercede tainot look at the man in my life . france taylor -briegh blame it on the booze ... and collect yourself . ( then ) you hoor ... mercede tainot that 's my problem . I be a drunken hoor . kitchen france taylor -briegh that end ... right now . ( then ) check please ? Larry come back through the door , humiliation wrack he face . he toss the french toast down the disposal . int . tainot townhome - later mercede and france be attacking the house with vacuum , cleaner , and fortitude . book on Shakespeare and Shaw go on shelf where Dean 's tome use to rest . Computer wire be not even untangle , just chuck . kitchen the cupboard be open . where there be once booze go coffee and teas . music be play as this girlfriend reconstruct mercy 's life ... 104 . ext . larry crowne's cul -de - sac - night the street be empty . Larry be on he scooter , riding around and around and around the block that he will soon leave . he can see he neighbor through the open window -- kide bounce on a couch ... a quartet of old folk play card and laugh ... a movie play on a big tv . this be Larry 's street ... CUT to : sunrise ext . tainot townhouse - morning mercede exit the door , crisp , clean -- like we have never see she in the morning . see the way she hold , not clutches , she thermo - Cup ? ext . larry crowne's home - morning he 's wear a zipped up jacket . kid and dog-walker pass as he scooter start pronto , he be off ... the for sale sign on he lawn have a addition : in escrow int . speech 217 - later on the project computer screen : a portrait of disraeli . dibiasi be give he speech , but we be hearing mercede ... mercede tainot what a difference from day one . I must be a better teacher than I think . ( then ) dibiasi be nail it . calimeris stop up - talk . lala you can not shut up . mack speak about Australia for three minute and mention kangaroos only twice . and Larry crowne ... Larry be listen to dibiasi , wear what be once he unimart polo , with he nametag and everything . compare to the man he be now , that polo look out of place .. 105 . mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) I be tough on he . but he learn fast . how he connect the Circle of sale to the expand universe be impressive as hell . I will never forget about the value index now . he give a perfect speech . ( then ) and ... he 's polite . instead of fight I off that night , what do he do but kiss I one and then all but tuck I in . what kind of guy do that to a loopy tramp like I ? he could have ravage I . I misread this guy and if I have a brain I would find a way to steal he away from that cutie pie and keep he for myself . I wonder if he would like that , if he would ... what do I just say ? ( then ) what do I just say about Larry crowne ? the class have stop . it seem that mercede just say that last bit out loud and everyone hear it . the woman eye each other . the man stifle laugh . dibiasi nothing . and I be just wrapping up here . mercede tainot I be so sorry . please go on . dibiasi Larry ? it okay if I get to my climax and denouement ? Larry nod . dibiasi ( cont 'd ) thank you ... if it be the romance novelist in he that make Victoria the Queen become such a pal , chalk it up as another brick in the legacy of Ben disraeli -- Earl of beaconsfield - educator - and Prime Minister of great Britain . not bad for a jewish guy , huh ? dibiasi be do . applause . 106 . pinedo not so much as a bump , nomad ! why would you go last ? dibiasi fourth quarter dramatics . ( then ) not that it matter to my speech professor ... mercede tainot congratulation all of you . mack who 's the MVP , Mrs. tainot ? can we vote ? mercede tainot not I , I have to stay objective . mack I say ... lala ! they all say lala ! it 's unanimous ! they start chant she name . " La la ! La la ! La la ! " -- embarrassing she . Larry sit she down in she chair and get the other guy to pick she up like she 's the bride at a wedding . it 's a spontaneous party that mercede have to back out of . as she leave , she look back long enough to see Larry crowne lead a parade around the room . int . econ . 1 - later everyone be take the final . Dr. matsutani . look around the class . use he hand like a pair of binocular . lala be use a thesaurus and dictionary to polish answer . Larry be finish . he walk up to Dr. M. and hand in he Blue Book . dr . matsutani the first to finish . no surprise . Dr. matsutani hand Larry he confiscate phone . Larry leave . 107 . int . larry crowne's home - kitchen the final utensil be go into a box . Larry be do this part himself . he sit for a moment -- in the breakfast nook -- surveying he kitchen , what be once he . mack come in with a box of he lp 's . mack this be the last of they . damn , you have a lot of record . larry crowne priceless at a buck apiece . ext . larry crowne's home - later his furnishings be out on the lawn . lamarr and patience be look they over . mack and dibiasi be put the last of he thing into mack 's huge suv and Larry 's car . patience a two - bedroom apartment and you do not have room for you furniture ? lamarr selling this futon-sofabed ? all that year across the street and you have learn nothing . ( then ) what 's the minimum you will take for this stuff ? larry crowne you will get I top price . lamarr you do learn . dibiasi pizza at last ! larry crowne here 's lunch as promise ! the big stork pizza guy pull up in a different car but the same sign . larry crowne ( cont 'd ) 108 . strang Son of a cock . Larry crowne . the pizza guy be none other than Jack strang . larry crowne Jack strang . wow . this be irony . strang two extra large . one salad bucket . box of frosty cinnamon egg . sixteen - fifty . Larry hand he the coupon and a twenty . larry crowne Jack . I need two buck back . Times be tough . strang tell I about it . larry crowne ah. forget it . keep the change . strang leave . Larry watch he go . he . it almost be . strang I appreciate it . that could have be int . perry' coffee shop - later raul and perry be talk when they see mercede tainot enter . raul my next wife just walk in . perry look . perry I love this business sometimes . ( greet mercede ) something tell I you would be back . be Larry crowne work today ? kitchen Larry be arrange he station . 109 . perry Larry , you speech 217 teacher have a question about the menu . Larry can see she . she look gorgeous . raul go ahead . I will take the window even though I be the boss of the whole kitchen . booth - larry hq - later mercede be have coffee . mercede tainot there 's Larry crowne . be you allow to sit ? ( he doe ) where do perry get he coffee ? larry crowne I add chicory and a bit of vanilla . trick I pick up in the navy . mercede tainot you be probably wonder why I stop by . well , it 's to tell you you grade for speech 217 . you kill on the final and have a A. Way to go ! she offer he a terrorist fist bump . with the hand that no longer have a wedding ring on it ... mercede tainot ( cont 'd ) actually , everybody get a a , but you get the special a where I tell you in person . larry crowne do not expect that . thanks , Mrs. tainot . mercede tainot class be out . call I mercede . or mercy , for short . ( then ) so. just want to congratulate you . you girlfriend will be thrilled . larry crowne 110 . mercede tainot no . I mean the ... never mind . ( then ) which class be you go to ace next term ? larry crowne this have turn into a full time gig . out of necessity . mercede tainot I hope you continue you education . back at East City . you have make such a good start . larry crowne I will have to see . mercede tainot I get speech 217 move to 10 am , thank God . who know what I will hear with the extra sleep . larry crowne my first class in college ever . and I get a A. gotta be the teacher . they look at each other . mercede tainot should get go . ( then ) you do not know anything about car device , do you ? larry crowne Cars not much . device some . they rise . ext . perry' coffee shop - parking lot - same mercy be open she door , start she car . gps voice please enter you destination . mercede tainot oh be quiet . that 's a mapgenie . 111 . mercede tainot it be hellspawn . larry crowne in my old job , I would have steer you to a vortex unit . the mapgenie interface be clumsy and the menu need too many input . he be reach into the car , across she to tap the unit . mercede tainot it be work fine . then I think I press too many button . larry crowne ah. the Auto on feature be engage . menu. Select . feature . Auto Voice . Select . Change ? yes . on. off. done ? yes. save. back . back . back. exit . while he be do that , mercede be smell what she could of Larry . she like it . she look at he neck , he ear . and smell he . larry crowne ( cont 'd ) how long be this break ? mercede tainot seem like year and year . larry crowne all better now . should be able to find you way . nothing to do now but say goodbye . they hear a pound . raul be at the window inside the cafe , signal the break be over . larry crowne ( cont 'd ) my boss . back to work . ( then ) thanks for the good news ... int . perry' coffee shop - same perry greet he at the door . 112 . perry kimosabe , hold off till after school to woo the teacher be the move of a class act . Larry turn to watch mercede drive away . ext . e.c.c.c. parking lot - morning the sign say " New term beginning ! $ 20 a unit ! ask about Financial Aid ! " do you notice ? the cost of a education just go up ... int . portable classroom - day mercede have just write " Care " next to " welcome to Shakespeare !! " up on the board . she turn . and do a quick head count . only 6 student be enrol . she 's go to lose this one , again . clump up the wooden step be hear ... calimeris , mack , pinedo , and dibiasi come tramping in . twelve student now . dibiasi ( on he phone ) I gotta get off , baby , or I be in hot water with Professor tai-bo ... mercy do a shakespearean dance of joy . mercede tainot be Larry with you ? calimeris um , no . should we track he down and drag he in here ? mercede do she best to hide she disappointment . mercede tainot I ... see you all ... I just think ... ( then ) choose a seat and let get start ! the four smile at each other ... 113. pinedo carry a torch for Larry till it burn she hand ... ext . e.c.c.c. campus - later mercede be walk to another building , another class . she may not realize it , but she be look for Larry crowne . busik be busy chat she up . seriously chat she up . busik all the excitement of first day of term , I do not want to go back to my empty apartment . do you ? I need a drink and some talk and some wind - down time . do not you ? dr . matsutani ( o.c . ) Ms. tainot ? she turn . mercede tainot Dr. M. dr . matsutani Larry crowne be take six unit from I , devour the material like a starve man . mercede tainot Larry 's enrol ? dr . matsutani he 's continue he education and tell I it be because of you . that you class change he life . mercede find herself smile -- beam ... mercede tainot Larry say that about I ? busik oh yeah ! I put that guy in you class . so technically , I change he life . mercede tainot he be a good student 114 . dr . matsutani and handy on a scooter . ( then ) be there any chance you would consider have drink with a older faculty peer who hold a phd in economics ? mercede tainot well , no . no offense Dr. M. dr . matsutani the rumor be you be newly single and I be just take a shot . mercy look right at busik . mercede tainot News travel fast . busik pretend he know nothing ... busik if you be go out , I be not do anything . dr . matsutani have you ever be to hooter ? busik for the spicy wing , yes ! ext . e.c.c.c. teachers ' parking lot - later there be a note on mercy 's car . she take it . " to test you mapgenie : 4225 Harbor Blvd. 2nd floor . a 'a ' student . " her breath catch in she heart ... ext . mercede ' car - later mercede be drive . gps voice right turn . mercede tainot get it turn right 115 . gps voice you destination be ahead on the right . mercede tainot it be ? that be a breeze . thank you . ext . talia' new store - same open for business with bunt and everything . talia be eat take out sushi and read the soy sauce packet . she be tie to check out she ass -crack tattoo to see if it really do say ' soy sauce ' . mercede have arrive . talia see she and come out . lamarr be around . patience , too . we might notice that dell gordo and Larry now dress exactly alike , as we have see the same jacket once on lance corona . talia I love that blouse with that skirt but I would show more leg if I be you . mercede tainot I be mercy tainot talia bambi romp in the Glen . look for lance ? mercede tainot 4225 Harbor ? talia this be 4227 . ( pointing ) 4225 . you will see the stair . the tattoo parlor . Larry 's scooter be right in front . as she go . talia ( cont 'd ) Little higher heel will get you wolf whistle . 116 . ext . tattoo parlor - stair to upper floor Music be play . a nice view be reveal as mercy arrive on a nice little porch . on a little table sit a pot plant . in the pot plant be a altoid tin . mercy give it a rattle . in the tin , a brand new key . mercy take the key . slide it into the lock and slowly open the door . the music get louder . she can not see much into the tiny flat , but she can make out ... Larry , arrange the last of he stuff . mercy stand at the door until he see she . when he do , he say nothing . but step to she and smell she - she neck , she hair . mercede tainot do you tell Ed matsutani take my class change you life ? larry crowne yes . mercede tainot how ? larry crowne I meet you . that 's it . they kiss . damn fine whammy kiss . int . larry crowne's apartment - kitchen no larger than the nook of he old house . Breakfast be be serve . the most beautiful woman ever to wear a bathrobe have make french toast and be settling into the Breakfast Nook . Larry crowne have he hair all on one side of he head -- post - afternoon -of-amok-loving . his arm show a navy tattoo that may be old or new ... mercy tainot glow in and out . she slide next to he , close to he the meal be perfect 117 . ext . harbor blvd . - later mercy be still in she robe , riding on Larry 's scooter , back and forth in front of the parlor and talia 's store . Larry be have coffee , sit on the step , watch she ride back and forth . she be get good . talia and the gang spill out of the store to watch she . hoot and laughter . Larry use he robe as a matador 's cape , mercy as the bull . as she pass under he flaring cape ... the end