lar and the real girl by Nancy Oliver Nancy Oliver 427 S. westminster Ave. apt. 113 Los Angeles , CA 90020-4639 213-480-3040 nancyobiz@aol.com wga registered # 916327 093562 lar . ext . midwest winter landscape -- early morning the beginning of winter . Dead cold field ; pine and bare tree wood ; a highway that lead to a small town , a lake . beautiful in a stark winter way but very cold . ext . lindstrom house establish . ext . lars' garage apt . -- morning establish . int . lars' garage apt . -- morning lar be dress for church . he wear a old , hand - knitted paby blanket like a shawl . he look out the window , watch smoke rise from the chimney in the neighborhood . he watch the family next door -- husband , wife , child - - in a ordinary Sunday morning routine . his breath mist the glass . his room be sterile : bed , computer , one bowl , one plate , one cup ; furniture he must have grow up with . we see a wedding picture of he parent , a wedding picture of he brother Gus and he sister - in- law karin . ext . lindstrom house : backyard -- continuous from the main house , karin , early 30' , pregnant but not show yet , hurry across the backyard , past a big stack of firewood , to the garage . she 's throw a sweater over she bathrobe and wear slipper . she 's the kind of woman who look good in cold weather and no make -up . int . lar 's garage apt .--winter--continuous lar open the door . he 's awkward and nervous with she , and concerned to see she in the cold . lar karin ! karin I be invite you for breakfast . lar put he blanket around she shoulder , careful not to touch she . lar sorry , I be on my way to church . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 2 . continued : karin after church , then . come on , we have not see you for so long . lar you be go to have a baby , run back in the house , what if you get sick ? karin come on , please . she reach to touch he , he take a little step back . it 's a subtle , practice move , he do it unconsciously with everybody , most people do not notice . but today she do . lar yes , yes , okay . karin promise ? lar promise . he watch she run back to the house -- he want to make sure she arrive safely . the house , to lar , seem very far away . int . lindstrom house : bedroom -- continuous karin enter . cause ( sleepy ) well ? karin crawl back in bed with gus , 40 , a bigger , stronger , warmer version of lar . karin you owe I five dollar . Gus not till he 's sit at the table . karin something 's go on with he . I be worried . Gus do not pay much attention . he nuzzle she . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 3. continued : gus you keep say that . you maternal instinct be kick in . karin he never let I touch he . gus well , we be not like you family . karin what do that mean ? cause a million brother and sister fight and hugging all the time . karin that 's the way it 's suppose to be . gus he 's shy , he will grow out of it . I sure do . he pounce on she , make she laugh . they forget about lar . we hear church bell . ext . church - morning a small Protestant church , friendly , not forbid . we can hear sincere , bad Protestant sing . int . church - continuous it 's bright inside , white wall , stain glass , full of ordinary work - and middle - class people . behind reverend bock the choir sit , among they margo , same age and type as lar . she look out and notice lar , he do not see she . as usual with sermon , no one 's listen . reverend bock now , we have book and book and book of law . but in all the world , there 's really only one law . during the sermon , lar 's Pov : he look at the cross , candle , flower , a stain glass portrait of Mary and baby Jesus , other people 's family , the little drama in every pew . his gaze pause on margo who be look through she music . next to lar , a restless little boy drop a stuff animal . lar pick it up , hand it back . he and the little boy look at each other . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 4 . continued : e@ reverend bock ( cont 'd ) we need never ask , '' what should I do ? '' we need never pray , '' Lord , what should I do ? '' because the Lord have tell we , '' Love one another . '' that , my friend , be the one true law . '' Love one another '' be God in action . the choir rise to sing badly again . int . church - later people file out after the service . a brisk older lady , mrs . gruner , 60' , try to lift a unwieldy flower arrangement . lar need help , Mrs. gruner ? mrs . gruner thank you , dear , it 's my turn to drop they off at the hospital . ext . church parking lot -- later e lar carry the flower as they walk to Mrs. gruner 's car . she look he over , approve . mrs . gruner you be a handsome fella , lar . where 's you girlfriend ? this be a question that cause lar pain . lar I do not have one . mrs . gruner be you gay ? would not bother I . my grandson 's gay , I know all about the gay . lar no , I be not gay . mrs . gruner what be you wait for ? lar . I do not know . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 5 . continued : mrs . gruner well , do not wait too long , it 's not good for you . she hand he a flower from the arrangement . mrs. gruner ( cont 'd ) give this to somebody nice , for a start . she drive away . margo walk up behind lar . margo hello , lar . he turn and step back . lar hello , margo . neither of they can think what to say . margo see you at work tomorrow ? lar uh-huh . lar start to walk away . margo be disappointed . then he turn back and thrust the flower at she . she light up . margo oh ! wait -- but lar power - walk away . int . lindstrom house : kitchen - later Gus cook as he and karin argue in a friendly way . gus he 's 30 year old . maybe he want to be leave alone . karin that 's not what he want . gus how do you know ? karin because that 's not how people be . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 6. continued : through the window , we can see lar sneak past , gradually increase speed . gus ( spot he ) whoops , there he go ! he and karin run to the door . gus ( cont 'd ) lar ! lar dash toward he apartment . karin you promise ! lar wave and disappear inside . cause five buck . karin be that normal ? Gus shrug , turn back to cooking . karin turn back to lar 's apartment , a determine look on she face . int . lar 's garage apt .~- winter --night lar rock in the rocker , still wear he church clothes , he bed make . it 's 4 am . he 's be awake all night . ext . lindstrom house : driveway -- next morning haggard , lar drive out . karin watch he from the house . ext . lar 's car — day lar drive to work through small - town landscape , winter bleak . ext , industrial park -- later lar park he car . int . company lobby -- continuous tire lar enter , greet by cindy , the curvy african- american receptionist . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 7. continued : cindy Morning ! lar hi , Cindy . cindy Party hard this weekend ? lar ( lie ) oh , yeah . woo . he 's very aware of she curve , they make he anxious , yet he can not make himself move away from they . Cindy be fond of lar and like to fix people up . cindy the new girl 's cute . you and margo , what do you think ? lar struggle to speak but can not , make a few strange noise . cindy ( cont 'd ) ( mystify ) lar ? mute , lar wave and walk away . cindy ( cont ’d ) take care} ! int . office -- continuous discourage , lar enter a room with three cubicle . kurt , a knee-jiggling co-worker , be already at he computer . each cubicle feature personal item : kurt 's be full of action figure . margo 's have plant and a teddy bear . lar 's be spare - - maybe a small picture of Gus and karin . we hear the distinctive real girl music theme . kurt you gotta see this ! lar I be not in the mood for porn . kurt it 's not porn . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 8. continued : lar give he a look . kurt ( cont 'd ) okay , it be , but check it out ! lar join he reluctantly . we can not see what 's on the screen . kurt ( cont 'd ) huh ? huh ? lar look closer . lar inflatable ? kurt nope . Real . like if she have weigh a hundred twenty - five pound , she weigh a hundred twenty - five pound . lar no . kurt look , you can customize everything . they have all this different head and part . you can design you own woman } lar huh . kurt mine have the '' monique '' head and the '' Jennifer '' boob and the '' Tracy '' waist and the '' Veronica '' butt and the '' roxanne '' leg . ( man to man ) lar , she 's anatomically correct . you can do anything with she . lar even --? kurt nod emphatically , lar be repell . lar ( cont 'd ) but that would be like -- tupperware . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 9. continued : kurt no freckle , no zit , no hair . better than skin . lar do not tell I you be gonna get one . kurt Nah , they cost six thousand buck . I '' wipe out from the new X - box . enter margo . she and kurt have a playful , adversarial relationship . margo Morning . they do not notice she . she try again , louder . margo ( cont 'd ) Morning ! kurt whoa ! he zap up a screensaver . lar be embarrassed . margo ( to lar ) hello . lar duck he head , acknowledge she , scoot back into he cubicle . kurt turn on he headbanger work music . lar jump , nerve raw . he have to tell kurt this every day . lar headset ! kurt lar , it 's you day to get we coffee . he put on he headset , but also watch lar and margo . margo I be think , we be the only one from the lake , maybe we could carpool . lar scoot out . margo look after he , not understanding . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 10 . continued : kurt you know what you problem be , you be too aggressive . margo oh , shut up . int . office hallway -~- continuous lar be extremely frustrated by he inability to respond to margo . he mutter to himself , run he hand through he hair , leave it spiky and dishevel . int . office : coffee room ~-- continuous steve , a co-worker on he way out with a plate of frost pop tart , look at lar . steve you okay , buddy ? lar sure . as soon as Steve leave , lar open the refrigerator freezer and stick he head in to revive himself . but when he take he head out , he feel the same . ext . office - dusk lar step out of the building and watch the winter sunset . it 's cold . he 's not wear hat or glove . a razor wind blow . ext . office parking lot -- later margo 's car be next to lar 's car . she pretend to fumble with she key , watch he approach . he 's troubled , remote . lar Pov : he see margo , small and far away although she really be not . he stop at a distance from she . margo hi. lar hi. both of they wait for the other to do something . lar ( cont 'd ) seeya . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 11 . continued : margo bye . they get in they car and drive off in the same direction . int . mall -- later lar wander aimlessly . sandy , 30 's , stylish , wave at he from she dress shop , he wave back , joyless . lar sit at the mall fountain . he see nothing but family and couple . at the food court , same thing . he busy mall food but can not eat . he feel he isolation like a physical illness . ext . lindstrom house : driveway -- later as lar drive in from work , karin stand in the middle of the driveway with a flashlight , flagging he down like the airport person on a runway . he slam on the brake and jump out of he car , fear disaster . lar be you okay ? what happen ? what 's wrong ? karin we want you to come for dinner . lar be immediately wary . karin bounce a little on she toe , prepare to move . lar . ( lie ) I can not . I bring work home . he try to dodge she , she block he . karin no , you do not . lar if I do not get it do , I be in trouble . he dodge , she block . karin we miss you . lar ( lie ) I will be there in a minute . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 12 . continued : dodge , block . karin oh , no , you do not ! he break for the garage , she chase and tackle he . they struggle on the ground . lar I hear my phone ! karin salmon , rosemary potato ! lar I have other plan ! karin broccoli and pie ! lar ( claw at the lawn or snow ) thank you but let I go ! karin no ! she straddle he and hold he down . lar go limp . she 's win . lar okay , okay . int . lindstrom house : dine room -- later the end of the meal . lar be distant and quiet , he 's hardly eat anything . Gus and karin exchange look . hers say , '' talk to he ! '' his say , '' what do I say ? '' karin ( to lar , gentle ) tf that 's all you can eat ... lar delicious . karin begin to clear the table . lar start to help she , eager to escape . karin nope , my turn . you boy talk . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 13 . continued : she leave , give Gus another point look . Gus and lar sit in silence . int . live room -- moment later they sit in silence . gus ( finally ) she think you have a problem . stay by yourself so much . lar . what do you think ? gus I do not know . dad be kinda like that . lar well , I be not dad ! Gus be startle by he vehemence . lar ( cont 'd ) he be more like a refrigerator than a man . gus no , he be not . lar look at he , he concede . gus ( cont 'd ) only after Mom die . I wish you could have know he before . lar I wish I could have know her . Gus be sympathetic but more occupy with he own discomfort than lar 's feeling , of which he be barely aware . he make a offer , just short of sincere . gus you know , we would really like it if you move in . lar shake he head no . he know Gus do not really mean it . gus ( cont 'd ) the house be half yours . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 14. continued : e lar it can not . Gus I do not see why . lar shrug . they have nothing else to say to each other . they sit there . lindstrom house : back door -- later karin and Gus walk lar to the door . karin give he tupperware . karin here be leftover for you . lar thanks . I be wonder -- my blanket ? karin ( to Gus ) it 's by the -- e cv I will get it . | he go . lar be distant , preoccupy . karin try to converse . karin it 's a beautiful blanket . lar . my mother make it for I before I be bear . karin she love you very much . like we do . she reach to hug he , he step back . karin ( cont 'd ) be you mad at I ? lar no ! ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 15 . continued : karin then why do not you want I to touch you ? lar I think you be imagine thing . Gus return and hand the blanket to lar . lar ( cont 'd ) thanks . night . cause night . karin night . karin lean against Gus and he hug she . they watch lar walk across the yard to he dark apartment . karin ( cont 'd ) Gus ... gus we talk , he 's fine . lar Pov : at he threshhold , he look back over he shoulder , see karin and Gus in each other ' 's arm , they seem a million mile away . he close the door , which fill the frame and everything go black . six week later int . lindstrom house : front door -- afternoon the doorbell ring , karin open the door , it 's fred , the ups man . karin hi , Fred . fred hi , karin . Package for lar . she sign for it . karin you can give it to I , I x11 take it back . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 16 . continued : fred too heavy . I will bring it around with a hand truck and Gus can carry it when he get home . he unload a coffin-like box . it 's heavy even for Fred . ext . lar 's garage apt .-- later karin unlock lar 's door , Gus drag the box inside . karin carry a casserole dish . int . lar '’s garage apt .-- continuous Gus set the box on the floor and stretch he back , cause Jesus Christ . karin I could not read the shipping label . she put the casserole in the refrigerator . gus see , he 's take a interest in thing . karin he be a lot more cheerful lately . gus must be expect this . karin we will give he a call . they leave . the box lie on the floor . int . office -- later in he cubicle , lar hang up the phone , he eye shine . lar oh ... he burst into a flurry of activity , clean he workspace . margo 's head pop up over one cubicle wall , kurt 's over the other . they watch he tear out of the office . lar by Nancy Oliver - 17 . ext . lindstrom house : driveway -- moment later he pull into the driveway as if it be a pit stop . int . larsh garage apt . -- moment later he fling open the apartment door , look at the box . int . lars' bathroom -- moment later he brushes he tooth , comb he hair and straighten he tie . he look at himself critically in the mirror . not quite right . cur to : moment later he 's change into a more casual , sporty sweater , like it better . and he 's put on music -- bachelor jazz , lot of sax . he have a expectant look . int . lindstrom house : kitchen -- evening someone knock firmly on the back door . Gus answer , it 's lar . he 's surprised and pleased , lar never do this . Gus come in , come in . int . lindstrom house : family room -- continuous Fire in the fireplace . karin do pregnant woman yoga . she 's surprised , too . lar be hesitant , but there 's something a little more bold about he . lar I have a visitor . Gus that 's great ! karin a visitor ! lar she 's not from here . karin she ? karin 's so pleased she punch Gus in the arm . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 18. continued : lar I mean she 's from another country . Gus wow , what do you know . where ' have you meet she ? lar on the internet . karin everybody do that now . lar she do not speak much English . cause oh , that 's okay . same with guy at work . we manage . lar and she 's handicapped . this take Gus and karin aback , but only a little . gus well , so what ? we do not care . lar the thing be , she can not stay with I . we be both young and single and she 's religious , it would not be right . so ... Gus and karin be excited and pleased . karin we will put she in the pink room , and there be new towel . just give I half a hour to pick up and get something in the oven . lar ( pleased with himself ) okey doke . karin start to hug he but remember she can not . instead she start clean . gus ( proud , to lar ) man , you quiet one ... lar by Nancy Oliver - 19 . int . lindstrom house : live room -- later karin and Gus freeze on the live room sofa , they have wash up and change to better clothes . they face be dull with shock . lar ( 0.c. ) this be bianca . ( to someone who do not speak English ) ) bianca , this be my brother Gus and my sister - in - law Karen . lar and bianca , a life -size sex doll , sit across from they . bianca be a cafe au lait color with long wavy red-gold hair . she wear a gold lame miniskirt , tight over - the-knee black vinyl boot and a see-through black mesh midriff top over a brief gold lame bra . lar be oblivious to this . lar ( cont 'd ) she 's a missionary , but she 's on sabbatical to experience the world . karin nod slowly , Gus can not move . lar ( cont 'd ) she 's shy . everything be so new . karin ( hoarse ) be you hungry ? lar starve . we--uh -- Kitchen . lar come on , bianca . he lift she in he arm , awkward but confident . lar ( cont 'd ) do not worry , I gotcha . he carry she into the dining room . lar by Nancy Oliver - 20 . int . lindstrom house : kitchen -- moment later Gus and karin put food on two plate and talk in intense whisper . we catch glimpsis of lar arrange bianca in a chair . Gus be flipping . gus he 's crazy ! karin calm down . calm . cause we have to put he in a hospital ! karin nobody 's put anybody anywhere . cause I can not believe it . my little brother 's insane ! karin ( £irm ) pull yourself together . if we show how we feel , who know what could happen . we can do this . honey , we can . we have to . Gus get a grip , wipe he eye . cause yeah . karin she 's we guest . Gus nod , he 's on board . karin look at the plate in she hand , shake herself . karin ( cont 'd ) lars. ( hand he the other plate ) bianca . she walk toward the dining room . gus karin , she can not eat ! lar by Nancy Oliver - 21 . e int . dine room -- later wooden but try , Gus and karin sit across from lar and bianca . lar eat from both plate , enthusiastic , careful to include bianca in the conversation . lar bianca 's from the tropic . she 's half brazilian and half danish . that 's where she get she exotic coloring . karin ah . Gus mm. lar unfortunately , she luggage be steal . they even take she wheelchair . karin I be so sorry . gus that 's terrible . lar I be wonder if you could help she out . karin cock she head with a strain smile , not sure what he want . lar ( cont 'd ) with clothes . karin I be not sure we be the same -- type . lar that 's okay . bianca do not care about superficial thing . int . pink bedroom -- later lar and bianca sit on the bed , karin and Gus stand look at they . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 22. continued : karin Gus have a good idea . Gus look at she blankly . karin ( cont 'd ) he 's concerned about bianca 's health . Change of climate , travel ... gus ( catch on ) stress . and stuff . karin I will make a appointment with Dr. Bergen for , mm , tomorrow ? early . sus we ’1ll all go . lar . that make sense . I be take off work to shop for wheelchair . he stretch and yawn . lar ( cont 'd ) well , we better hit the hay . ( intimate ) good night , bianca . I be glad you be finally here . Gus look over he shoulder helplessly at karin as he follow lar out . karin look at the doll . bianca fall over on the bed , stare sightlessly . karin wait ! int . lindstrom house : upstair hallway -- continuous she step into the hall with lar and Gus . she have to work to keep she voice steady . karin any idea how long she ’1ll stay ? lar ( brightly ) nope . {continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 23. continued : lar and Gus continue downstairs , Gus look back at karin , wild - eye . karin stand alone for a moment in the hall , then gird herself to return to bianca . int . pink bedroom -- continuous karin be overcome with curiosity : she peek under bianca 's 's skirt . karin oh , my GOD . ext . larsh garage apt . -- later lar drag the box out of he apartment , Gus stand in the yard , not know what to do . lar gotta put this in the recycle . Gus grab it . Gus I 'il do it . lar thanks , gus. cause no problem . lar go inside . Gus attack the box , tear at it , look for information . he find the pack slip . int . study -- moment later Gus sit at he computer . we hear real girl theme music . he click he mouse and a 1- 900 woman 's voice speak . computer natasha escape from Moscow where she be force to be a stripper for the Russian mafia . now all she want be a good american male to love . Gus click again . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 24 . continued : computer ( cont 'd ) samantha be a coed . someday she ’1ll be a personal fitness trainer , but now she 's take time off school to find the perfect guy . Gus click again . computer ( cont 'd ) midori leave a high - pay job in Tokyo because she be unsatisfy as a woman . look do not count , it 's the inner spirit that truly excite she . Gus click again . computer ( cont ’d ) tammy drop out of high school to ride in the rodeo . be you the right cowboy to tame this wild filly ? int . pink bedroom - later bianca , in a flannel nightgown , lie under the cover in the glow of a nightlight . int . gus and karin 's bedroom -- later Gus and karin lie in bed , freak out and wide awake . karin the doctor will tell we what to do . cause she 's family practice . we need a shrink . karin she 's a psychologist , too . gus oh. karin she say you have to be , this far North . gus what will people think . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 25 . continued : karin we can not worry about that . they worry . right . they do not sleep . int . lars' garage apt .-- later under he mother 's blanket , lar sleep like a baby . int . gus' car -- moment later Gus , karin , lar and bianca drive through town to dagmar ''s office . Gus be grim . lar give bianca a tour , karin listen . lar «..and there 's the library and town Hall . my father have he office in there . he be a-- well , I do not really know what he be . Gus ? cause ( through gritt tooth ) Water and power . karin ( catch up in the flow of conversation ) my jeb 's at the School Department . I miss everybody , but there 's so much to do on the house . I will go back when the baby 's old enough and Gus give she a look , she realize what she 's do and go quiet . lar huh. Water and power . int . dr . dagmar bergen 's waiting room -- day the wait room be pack with other townspeople : a old man , a middle - age woman , a young mother and she toddler , a couple of teenager . karin , Gus , lar and bianca , in she new wheelchair , sit with they . karin nod and smile bravely at the other people . Gus suffer . lar offer magazine to bianca . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 26 . continued : lar good housekeep ? lady Home Journal ? reader 's digest ? everyone stare at bianca . the toddler gurgle . int . exam room -- later lar and bianca sit with dagmar , a woman in she 60' , understate and humorous , with a carefully control intensity . she 's see everything , but lar and bianca really interest she . dagmar check the cuff on bianca 's arm . dagmar well , she blood pressure 's low . lar be that serious ? dagmar could be . we will have to wait and see . lar be distress though he try not to show it . lar I know she have health problem but ... dagmar I want you to bring she in every week for a special treatment . will you do that ? lar of course ! whatever she need . he explain to bianca , make sure she understand . lar ( cont 'd ) every week . special treatment . dagmar you set that up with joanne at the desk , while I talk to Gus and karin . I assume they 's 1l be involved ... lar oh , yeah . they nre crazy about she . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver ~ 27 . continued : e dagmar I look forward to get to know you , bianca . lar thanks , doc. here we go . he accidentally drive the wheelchair into a wall . lar ( cont 'd ) oops . watch you foot . int . dagmar' office -- moment later karin and Gus sit in front of dagmar , argue , with some heat . gus I be tell you , he belong in a hospital . karin no ! my uncle garth go to one of that place and never come back . e cause karin , he need more than we can give he . karin how do you know ? we have not give he anything yet . gus ( to dagmar ) could you explain to she - ~- karin ( to dagmar ) would you tell he not to -- dagmar if I may . karin and Gus subside . dagmar ( cont 'd ) have lar be functional ? do he go to work , wash and dress himself ? gus so far . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 28. continued : e dagmar have he have any violent episode ? karin never ! he 's a sweetheart , he never even raise he voice . that 's abnormal too , be not it . gus you gotta fix he . can you fix he ? dagmar there be not a pill for lonely , Gus . this quiet both of they . dagmar ( cont 'd ) of course I encourage you to get a second opinion . but I do not believe he 's psychotic or schizophrenic . I do not think this be cause by gene er faulty wiring in the brain . sus so what the hell be go on ? : dagmar he appear to have a delusion . Gus what 's he do with a delusion , for Christ 's sake ? dagmar that 's what we have to find out . chance be he 's be decompensate for some time . they look at she , perplex . dagmar ( cont 'd ) lose he psychological balance . karin and Gus look at each other , both full of guilt for not notice . karin I guess we do not notice . dagmar have there be change in the family in the past year or so ? ( continued ) oo lar by Nancy Oliver - 29 . continued : e gus no , everything 's exactly the same , except karin 's pregnant and lar be nut . dagmar think about this . dagmar you know , this be not necessarily a bad thing . they look at she in disbelief . dagmar ( cont ’d ) what we call mental illness be not always just a illness . it can be a communication or a way to work something out . the delusion . gus great . when will it be over ? dagmar when he do not need it any more . @ Gus and karin try to take it in . karin how do we help ? dagmar go along with he . karin oh , no. cause pretend she 's real ? I can not do that . dagmar she be real . I mean , here she be . gus I can not stand this . dagmar you will not be able to change he mind anyway . bianca 's in town for a reason . ( continued ) a lar by Nancy Oliver ~ 30 . continued : e sus but ~ - dagmar it 's not really a choice . karin ( determine , she commit ) all right . okay . okay . we will come right out with it . we will tell the world . gus everybody 's gonna laugh at he . dagmar ( matter -of - fact ) him and you . gussuffer . int . dr . bergen 's waiting room -- moment later karin and Gus return to find the toddler in bianca 's lap . the kid be captivate by bianca , make kid sound that have e everybody laugh . lar look at karin and Gus with pride . lar bianca love child . ext . the town -- dawn the winter sun rise on all the small - town middle - class house , doughnut shop , random trailer , open field , empty road , 24~hr gas station / convenience store . ext . lindstrom house : dine room -- morning Gus , karin , lar and bianca sit at the breakfast table . Gus 's attitude be not good . he 's unshaven and still in he pajamas . lar be not you go to work ? gus I do not feel good . lar bianca can help . she have nurse 's training . ( continued ) es lar by Nancy Oliver - 31 . continued : cause no , she do not , lar . she 's not a person . she 's a big plastic thing . karin Gus ... lar ( cblivious ) she say that 's why God make she . to help people . karin ( to lar ) you 'il be late . lar I will call this afternoon . and oh -- he look at bianca , turn red , begin to tremble . there be something he want to say . karin and Gus wait , frighten . be he go to stroke out ? Gus start to move toward he , lar blurt . lar ( cont 'd ) ( to bianca ) you look pretty today ! Gus slump back down at the table and bury he head in he hand . lar ( cont 'd ) bye , hope you feel better . he leave , cheerful . karin look at Gus . he 's defensive . gus well , I have to try . karin keep look at he . gus ( cont ’d ) what ? karin we have be all wrap up in ourselves . it 's true , we have . gus this be not my fault . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 32 . continued : karin come on , bianca . ( to Gus ) ) we will be on the phone . karin wheel bianca away . Gus feel angry and guilty . int . office lobby -- later lar whistle as he walk in . he be again draw to Cindy 's curve , but in a more cheerful way . lar Morning , Cindy . ( less of a struggle ) you look pretty today . cindy thank you , Mr. Sunshine . she hand he a envelope , a party invitation . cindy ( cont 'd ) Way in advance , but I get so excited . lar . for I ? int . office -- moment later lar enter , read he invitation . kurt and margo be argue , kurt be very upset . lar set the invitation carefully in he cubicle , like a exhibit . kurt where be they ? I know you take ‘em . margo do not . kurt do too . this be you revenge . margo for what ? kurt the fake rat in you drawer . ( continued ) continued : lar by Nancy Oliver - 33. margo oh , that . kurt ( to lar ) she steal my action figure . lar you turn for coffee . kurt ( to margo , with feel ) they be very important to I , margo . if I do not see they on my desk pretty damn soon , you better tell that teddy bear to watch he back ! he storm out . lar look a question at margo , shy but curious . margo I will return they . one at a time . she take a action figure from she pocket and put it in a funny place on kurt 's desk and wink at lar , who smile . she smile back , encourage . margo ( cont ‘d ) be you go to Cindy 's party ? lar no. margo I be hope you be . I wish you would . lar wait , maybe . margo great ! lar you think it 's all right if I bring my girlfriend ? margo ( surprised ) oh. ( lie ) ( more ) ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 34 . continued : margo ( cont 'd ) yeah , I will probably bring somebody , too . margo 's disappointed . int . mall food court -- day karin lunch with three friend : sandy from the dress shop , deb who run the daycare center , and laurel , the yoga teacher . she have just tell they about lar and bianca . deb you be serious ? sandy but that 's fascinating ! laurel when can we meet she ? int . gus 's lunchroom -- day a Home Depot kind of place . russell , moose , and sean eat lunch with Gus , hector and nelson . Gus have just tell they about lar and bianca . hector , who be Hispanic , describe bianca in Spanish and mime to a confuse nelson , who be vietnamese . sean ( impressed ) dude ! russell do she have a sister ? moose I wish I own a woman who could not talk . int . church meeting room -- day a poster board on a easel , '' bible study CLASS . " karin and Gus have just tell the Bible Study class about bianca and lar . Mrs. gruner , mr. hofstedtler , mrs . petersen , mr. shaw , mrs . schindler and reverend bock , all in they 50 's and 60' and 70' , be bemuse . mr. hofstedtler be a negative control freak . mr . hofstedtler we do not want anything to do with she . she 's a golden calf . remember what happen with that . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 35 . continued : mr . shaw be always anxious to do the right thing . mr . shaw he 's not worshipp she , they be just dating . mrs . schindler like to look on the sunny side . mrs . schindler she 's a missionary . that 's good , be not it ? mrs . petersen love to disapprove . mrs . petersen I never hear of such a thing ! mr . shaw but if we go along , be we encourage bad habit ? mr . hofstedtler this young people have no will power . '' Gus he 's sick . karin we think if we come to you , you could help -- pave the way - - a little . if you could try to understand . please . the group mumble , not know what to do . Mrs. gruner get impatient . bible study CLASS well , I do not know ... never think something like this ... should not expose the child ... but if he need help ... belong in a loony bin ... mrs . gruner oh , for heaven 's sake , what 's the big deal ? ( to Mrs. schindler ) Sally , you cousin put dress on he cat . ( to Mrs. Petersen ) ( more ) ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 36 . continued : mrs . gruner ( cont 'd ) hazel , you nephew give all he money to a ufo club . ( to Mr. hofstedtler ) arnie , everybody know you first wife be a klepto . mr . hofstedtler she be not ! mrs . gruner then how come she 's bury in a pair of my earring ? reverend bock now , that 's enough now . mrs . gruner this thing happen . lar be a good boy . you can depend on I . Gus thank you , Mrs. gruner . mr . hofstedtler well , he can not bring she to church , can he , reverend bock . absolutely not . the other look at reverend bock . reverend bock the question be , what would Jesus do ? int . church -- morning karin and Gus stand in a pew next to lar and bianca . bianca wear a Sunday dress and have a hymnbook in she lap . everyone be on they foot finish a hymn , but lar be the only one really sing since all the other people be stare at bianca . when everyone sit , margo stay stand in the choir , astonished , till somebody pull she into she seat . rev . bock we would like to welcome all we new member and visitor today ... ext . church front -- later people file out of the church , but hang around for a closer look at bianca . Gus and karin wait , tense , as rev . bock talk to lar and bianca . the Bible Study class stand in a group to the side . Mrs. gruner hold a flower arrangement . ( continued ) by Nancy Oliver - 37 . continued : rev . bock we be happy to have you , bianca . come back next week , will not you ? lar oh , we will . rev . bock God bless . ( to the dumbstruck couple behind they ) Ted , agnes , good to see you . the lindstrom and bianca proceed past the Bible Study class . bible study CLASS ( tentative ) hello , hello , good morning , nice to meet you ... Mrs. gruner place a flower arrangement in bianca 's lap . mrs. gruner this be for you . ( to lar ) she have a darling figure . lar ( to bianca ) this be my friend Mrs. gruner . karin and Gus look at each other , a little relieved . ext . church parking lot -- moment later Gus , karin , lar and bianca go to they car . Children follow they , enchant by the big doll . unseeing , they pass margo , who watch they , wheel turn in she mind . int . pink bedroom -- later with difficulty , karin wrestle bianca out of church clothes and into outdoorsy young matron clothes . ext . lindstrom house : backyard --winter--morning lar and Gus carry bianca out of the house and put she in lar 's car , now equip with a wheelchair thing on the back and a handicapped sticker . lar be very cheerful . Gus be worried . gus where be you go ? ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 38 . continued : lar I want to show she around the lake . she ask so many question . she want to know everything about I . cause oh . that 's nice . have fun . as lar get in the driver 's side , Gus arrange lar 's blanket carefully over bianca 's leg and close the passenger door . Gus wave , then stand , depressed , watch as they drive away . ext . highway lar and bianca drive out to the lake , the only car on a long read through the winter landscape . ext . lindstrom house - day still in she church clothes , margo stand on the sidewalk in front of the house . after a few moment , she walk toward the door . int . lindstrom house - continuous karin open the door to margo . ext . wood by the lake ~- later lar tramp through the winter wood carry bianca sling over he shoulder like a sack of flour . he stop to catch he breath and look around . lar fort all over ! leaf fort . snow fort . so many place to hide . Tree fort -- part of it 's still up there . he set she down , compel to climb up to the tree fort . lar ( cont 'd ) hey , bianca , watch this ! he hang upside down by he knee , try to impress she . lar ( cont 'd ) look at I ! a lar by Nancy Oliver - 39 . e ext . wood -- later lar have be talk to bianca from the treehouse for a long time , a child 's endless , wander monologue . lar in the summer , Gus and I use to fish here . even my father sometimes . and in the winter play hockey . that be so much fun . there be a big pack of little boy run around . I and Peter and Brian and Doug and stuey and oh , all of we . they be grow up and marry now , it 's all different , they get so far ahead , I do not know how that happen . you can watch I chop wood , I be really good at that ... he go on and on . int . gus' office -- later Gus sit at he computer , heavy -heart . he type '' mental illness '' into a search engine . he start to concentrate , e@ study , he interest engage . he click around , seek information . int . lindstrom house : kitchen margo and karin have tea and talk . they be kindre spirit , instant female rapport . karin show margo family picture . karin this be they mother . and this be when Gus join the Air Force . he be eighteen , lar be eight . that 's they father in the background . margo he look so sad . karin poor Mr. lindstrom . he do the best he could , but without he wife — — margo there 's no substitute for a woman . ( continued ) ft lar by Nancy Oliver - 40 . continued : e@ karin Gus be take this very hard . margo who would not ? karin be also take it hard . she start to ery . margo try to comfort she . she seem to know something about sorrow . karen we should have know , we should have do something sooner . what 's go to become of he ? margo try not to worry , it never change anything and it will not help lar . tell I about the baby . do you know if it 's a boy or a girl ? karin I forget I be pregnant . margo , matter - of -fact , close the photo album and hug karin . margo eo karin , life go on . in my experience , you have to find happiness wherever you be , even in the middle of desperate time . you have to fight to be happy and never give up , no matter what . her belief in what she say give karin strength . karin you be right . at least lar look happy now . margo see ? that 's something . the woman feel more positive . ext . cemetery -- later from a distance , we see lar wheel bianca down the empty winter cemetery path . we see the simple marker for lar 's parent : '' elinor lindstrom 1942-1972 , belove wife and mother . '' '' Paul e lindstrom , 1935 - 1998 , belove husband and Father . '' ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 41 . continued : lar stand close to bianca and look at the grave . int . exam room -- day bianca lie on the table . dagmar look at she , think . there 's a tap on the door and lar step in . they keep they voice low . lar i_could not wait any more . be she all right ? dagmar after the treatment , she have to rest . it do not work without the rest . they watch she for a few second . dagmar ( cont ’‘d ) keep I company ? they tiptoe out . int . dagmar 's office -~ later they sit together , it do not feel like a therapy session at all . lar bianca do not deserve this , she 's a good person . she 's warm and give and loving . dagmar iocan see that . she do not have any parent ? lar they die when she be a baby . dagmar oh , that 's not fair . lar but she do not feel sorry for herself . she 's determine to make the best of thing . more than anything , she want a normal life . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 42. continued : e@ dagmar she have a lot of courage , I admire that . lar look at a frame picture of a laugh man that sit on dagmar 's desk . lar you husband ? dagmar yes . he die . lar Children ? dagmar no. lar touch the frame , compassionate . lar . you must get lonely . dagmar tell he the truth . @ dagmar lar , sometimes I get so lonely I forget what day it be and how to spell my name . lar look at she - - a connection be make . dagmar ( cont 'd ) how about you ? int . mall -- day karin , bianca , Deb , and Laurel in Sandy 's shop . Sandy show they a dramatic red dress . sandy what do you think ? karin I do not know ... deb look what it do for she hair and that gorgeous complexion . ( continued ) continued : Nancy Oliver - 43. karin she 's half brazilian and half danish . laurel this be a terrific dress . karin she all never wear it , she 's too conservative . sandy with that body ? what a waste . they continue to look through the rack of clothes . int . gus ' S Gus in a lunchroom -- day intellectual discussion with Sean , moose , hector and Nelson . russell so what 's the difference between a delusion and a hallucination ? gus hallucination be when you see stuff that 's not there at all . sean bianca , like , be . nelson not haloos . hector delusion . gus false perception versus false belief . russell okay . so when Sean think the FBI 's after he -- hector ( he can relate ) dea . Russell , ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 44 . continued : nelson ( he can relate ) INS . moose ( he can relate ) IRS . atf . triple a . gus that 's a delusion . sean dude , they be after we . the man agree . Gus bad example . ext . lindstrom house : backyard lar chop firewood as bianca watch . he work in just a shirt , sweat , concentrate , show off , he burn off he sexual energy . int . lindstrom house : kitchen -- continuous pass a window , karin be catch by the sight of they . she note the sexiness of lar , which she 's never notice before . ext . lindstrom house -- continuous unaware of he sexiness , lar happily swing the ax . int , lindstrom bathroom -- night Gus and karin give bianca a bath . bianca 's hair be ina shower cap . they scrub she diligently and carefully , work as a team . cause one , two , three ... karin flip . they flip bianca over to wash the back of she . it 's hard work . they take a break , sit back . bianca float face down in the water . Gus look sad . karin poke he with she toe . karin ( cont 'd ) oh , come on . it 's a little funny . {continued ) es lar by Nancy Oliver - 45 . continued : it be a little funny . they start to laugh . Gus toss he sponge in the air . ' int . dagmar' office -- day lar and dagmar talk casually . dagmar tell I about karin , I do not know she very well . lar oh , she 's wonderful ! Gus and I be darn lucky with woman . but she -- he stop . dagmar we do not have to talk . let 's find you something to read . lar between we ? dagmar of course . lar karin have a problem . dagmar oh . maybe you should not tell I . lar I can not let she hug I and she get upset . dagmar angry ? lar more frustrated . she 's very affectionate , she like to touch people . but I can not let she . dagmar pick up some papers and look at they . dagmar hm . lar it hurt . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 46 . continued : dagmar like a cut ? or a bruise ? lar have to think about it . lar like a burn . like when it 's fifteen below and you have be out in the snow for a long time and you come inside and you foot start to warm up . that kind of burn . dagmar Happen with everybody ? lar shrug , not want to admit . lar not bianca . not so much . dagmar so you do not let people touch you . be not that a little hard to get away with ? lar not here . ( indicate he clothes ) ) with all the layer . you know . dagmar think about it a second . dagmar you nre right . well , we can not change karin , but there be a cure for the burn . lar be skeptical and hopeful . lar really ? dagmar sure . lar will it hurt ? dagmar , especially at first . lar consider . {continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 47 . continued : lar well , all right . for karin 's sake . cuT to : int . exam room -- day dagmar test lar by touch he . she push he with one finger . lar nothing . she put she hand on he arm . lar ( cont ’d ) uh ... dagmar hurt ? lar not too bad . she put she arm around he shoulder , lar jerk away from she . lar ( cont 'd ) whoa , whoa , whoa . dagmar quickly move away from he . dagmar okay . that 's too much . lar ( out of breath ) oh , yeah . oh , yeah . dagmar we will try this . she hold he hand lightly . he wince - dagmar ( cont ’d ) it will get easier . lar ( dubious ) if you say so . they hold hand . it 's a lot of work for he . lar by Nancy Oliver - 48. ext . cindy house -- night lar wheel bianca to the door . he 's nervous . int . cindy house : live room -~ night the party in progress : booze , no drug , a little yuppie-ish but good music , everybody from work be there . Fire in the fireplace . Cindy dance with she husband baxter . margo stand around , a little lonely , kurt play video game with other knee-jigglers . there 's a knock . Cindy and margo exchange a look , they both move toward the door . Cindy open it . cindy 's Pov : lar look scared and hopeful . bianca 's hand be wrap around a bottle of wine . cindy Mr. Sunshine ! and be this bianca ? welcome , welcome , come on in . baxter , help we with the chair . lar , this be my husband . everyone have be brief . they try to act normally . ina strange way , the party start to come alive . baxter hey , lar , how you do . bianca ... lar Nice to meet you . cindy ( take the wine ) be that for I , bianca ? thank you ! margo I ‘’1l take you coat . lar ( he help margo take off bianca 's coat ) hi , margo . margo hi. they smile at each other while they care for bianca . lar look around : there be color , warmth , life . kurt slap lar on the back . he be beam . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 49 . continued : kurt you be a wild man ! ( boast , to other stand around ) I introduce they . the other people approach , cautious and curious . int . same -- later margo stand by the food table with co- worker jerry , a jerk , and lisa , a twit . Jerry eat constantly . they be watch lar and bianca . lisa it 's a good thing you send that memo . I would have freaked . it 's so bizarre . margo owatch Jerry ) it 's a disorder . like compulsive eat . it go right over Jerry 's head . jerry what a weirdo . margo when you be little , do not you believe you toy be alive ? jerry that 's different . they be only alive at night when you be asleep . lar whisper something in bianca 's ear . lisa he 's creepy , he scare I . margo lar ? jerry look at he . he 's in love with that slutty hunk of rubber . margo her name be bianca and you do not even know she . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 50 . continued : lisa bianca ? what kind of name be that ? jerry ethnic . lisa do he have sex with she ? jerry that 's what she 's for , babe . lisa ew , how can he ? margo well , she 's prettier than a lot of people and definitely smarter . lisa they should lock he up and toss the key . Jerry agree with he mouth full . margo I hear you two be get marry . jerry lisa no ! yes ! Jerry and Lisa turn on each other . please , margo move on . int . cindy 's house : live room -- later lar stand with a couple of guy , they talk about computer er sport . he keep a eye on bianca , who be off to the side . kurt talk animatedly to bianca about himself . lar notice margo laugh with eric , who 's tall , good -look in a bland Viking way . lar do not quite know how to feel about it . he can not help but appreciate margo 's curve , how attractive and nice she be . int . cindy house : live room -- later lar and bianca sit with co- worker woman : Cindy , margo , terri , and victoria . the woman be kind of drunk and talk all at once , like bird . lar be delighted , surround by woman , he 's never have so much female attention . lar by Nancy Oliver - 51 . int . same -- later baxter dance around bianca 's wheelchair , Cindy dance enthusiastically with lar who be so shy he just stand there , kurt dance with margo . int . fireplace -- later lar sit on the floor and watch the fire as the party go on around he . he look up at bianca and smile at she . he 's very happy . ext . cindy doorway -- later Cindy and margo wave from the open doorway as lar and bianca drive away . margo be wistful . cindy I like she , but that 's a big waste of a good guy . margo yeah . cindy so , you and Eric , what do you think ? margo perk up . margo maybe . they close the door . int . lar ‘s car -- later ' lar and bianca drive home . lar . that be the best night of my life . he bravely put he arm around bianca and she fall against he like a log . int . movie theater Gus and karin watch a movie , hold hand . lar and bianca sit next to they , also hold hand . lar by Nancy Oliver - 52 . int . hockey rink kurt , baxter , lar and bianca watch a hockey game . the guy have put all they food in she lap and she hand so they do not have to hold it . int . church - day sitting in the pew behind lar and bianca , Mrs. gruner lean forward and whisper . mrs . gruner bianca want to spend Thursday afternoon with I . lar ( to bianca ) you do ? mrs . gruner she want to volunteer at the hospital . lar ( possessive ) I do not know . her blood pressure ... mrs. gruner lar . think of the little bald child . wo not they love she ! he have to admit they will . int . pink bedroom -- day lar sit with bianca . across the hall he see karin who be do something in she bedroom . he note she swell belly , he face unreadable . int . dagmar ‘s office lar and dagmar sit next to each other , arm in arm , lightly . dagmar pain ? lar I can take it . we can see lar 's need for and appreciation of female contact and comfort . dagmar decide to broach what she know be a load subject . ( continued ) continued : lar by Nancy Oliver - 53. dagmar you must be excited about a baby on the way . lar uh-huh . he shift position . one of he hand grab tight to the other . dagmar do not you want to be a uncle ? lar yeah , I do . I think about it all the time . dagmar watch he like a hawk . he twist he hand without know it lar ( cont 'd ) you know , bianca can not have child . because of she condition . dagmar that 's a shame . he get up and pace . lar not really . at least she 's safe . in bianca 's culture , there 's a high rate of infant mortality . and she mother , well , when bianca be bear , she mother die right in the middle of thing . dagmar like yours . lar yeah . strange . dagmar you have a lot in common . he sit down with she again , agitate , wring he hand . lar if anything go wrong with karin , it all kill Gus . ( more ) ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 54 . continued : lar ( cont 'd ) he love she so much . he do not even know how much he love she . dagmar thing be different now . we have learn a lot , we have not lose a mother in year . lar but it could happen again , dagmar . it could . dagmar will not lie to he . dagmar yes . it could . lar that would be the end of everything . he 's pour sweat . lar ( cont 'd ) they have no idea of the danger . no idea , lar be find it hard to breathe . dagmar put you head between you knee . he do . she rub he back in circle , gently . he react with pain , but let she continue . dagmar ( cont ’d ) that 's a lot of pressure , lar , to be the only one who know the danger . maybe we could talk to they about it . lar no , no ! what good would it do . do not say anything . let they be happy while they can . dagmar but what about you ? lar keep he head between he knee try to catch he breath . ( continued ) continued : lar by Nancy Oliver - 55 . lar I be fine . he 's not fine . dagmar most of we walk around in a dream , take everything and everyone for grant . it 's hard to be the person who know it 's a dream . because you understand we be not just talk about a baby here . we nre talk about life and death . lar raise he head . dagmar ( cont 'd ) you see the big picture . lar I wish I do not . dagmar I know . but somebody have to . lar sit up a little more . lar what kind of world be it ? when someone 's bear someone else have to die . dagmar that 's what it 's all about . everything come and go . can not be summer all the time . lar sit up more , stubborn . lar it can in the tropic . dagmar oh , yeah ? ask bianca about the rainy season . lar have not think about this . dagmar ( cont 'd ) this be life , lar . mother nature . she have to take she course . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 56 . continued : he 's wear out , the tail end of the savage anxiety attack . lar I guess ... dagmar link arm with he again . lar ( cont 'd ) ow . but he carefully lean he head on she shoulder , think . int . mall lar happily wheel bianca around the mall . some people greet they , some stare . Sandy beckon they to she dress shop . int . sandy'' dress shop window -- later bianca model the red dress , propped on a mannequin stand as lar look at she proudly , outside the window with Sandy . sandy how about afternoon Monday and Wednesday and then all day Saturday ? int . beauty parlor bianca sit in the chair as margo , Cindy and a stylist discuss how to cut bianca 's hair . stylist you better be sure , ' cause it 's not grow back . int . deb 's house / daycare CENTER - day bianca sit in front of a group of rapt child , book on tape play in she lap . in the midst of another task , Deb glance at bianca , pleased . int . community meeting room bianca demonstrate a yoga pose in Laurel 's class as Laurel teach . int . gus 's business -- day bianca sit inside the door , hold a sign that tell what 's for sale . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 57 . continued : Gus , in home - improvement conversation with a ignorant customer , look over at she and lose he train of think . she seem to be look at he . customer Gus ? Gus try to shake it off . cause sorry . what be we --? customer drywall . Gus still feel she look at he . gus er , drywall . int . lars' garage apt . -- night lar and bianca have a romantic dinner with candle . lar ( tenderly ) fry walleye ? he tempt she , playfully wave a load fork around , coax . lar ( cont 'd ) beer batter ... int . lindstrom house : kitchen -- continuous karin look at the garage apartment , the silhouette of lar and bianca . she watch they shadow entwine . int . lindstrom house : family room -~ moment later Gus sit in a favorite chair , stare into space . he look tired and sad . karin enter and sit on he lap . they do not speak for a few moment , communicate telepathically . gus he 's not go to get better . karin probably not . ( continued ) continued : they hug , lar by Nancy Oliver - 58 . Gus he 's a one - woman man , like my father , like I . he will love she for life and it 's all my fault . karin it be not . nobody mean any harm . gus I leave home as fast as I could , I never think about he . and then the two of we move back here fat and happy while he move into the goddamn garage like the family dog . and I let he . karin ( think of she own crime ) leftover . gus my own brother . how could I be such a bastard ? no wonder he order a fiance in a box . karin we can not change what we do . we can only keep go and try to be good to each other . gus I all make it up to he . I do not know how , but I will . Gus 's arm around she belly . the baby kick . karin oh ! cause oh} karin kick . feel , they mood lighten immediately as they concentrate on feel the baby kick . lar by Nancy Oliver - 59 . int . town hall -- night bianca in attendance at a town meeting , seat between lar and Mr. hofstedtler . in front of they , a panel of citizen report its finding . lar be bored . mr. fox be the universal dron bureaucrat . mr . fox pursuant to standard procedure , the athletic fund allocation Committee have respond to the request of the extracurricular activity panel by investigate the possibility of purchase a new or perhaps pre - own volleyball . lar Mr. hofstedtler , I think bianca 's bored . mr . hofstedtler well , she want to see american politics . that 's what she tell I . lar sigh . mr . fox we will now open discussion to community input regard same . Mr. hofstedtler leap to he foot . mr. hofstedtler I be a Republican and I object ! who 's on board ? he raise bianca 's hand . int . office -- day kurt play with he action figure . lar arrange picture in he cubicle -- candid of bianca with other people . he notice margo and Eric flirt in the hall . kurt catch lar 's eye , point at they and make kissing noise . margo lar , have you meet Eric ? lar no. he join they reluctantly . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 60 . continued : eric ( good-nature ) you be famous around here . margo give exic a warning look as lar and Eric shake hand . the strength of lar 's grasp surprise Eric . lar hi. eric that 's a hell of a grip , pal . lar that 's right . lar return to he desk , irritate , without know why . int . margo' cubicle -- later margo work diligently at she computer . there be now a picture of Eric in she cubicle . lar 's 's head pop up on the other side of the partition . he look annoyed . margo yes ? lar nothing . int . lars' cubicle -- continuous he sit down . he be full of feeling he can not understand or identify . int . lindstrom house : kitchen -- evening lar enter the empty kitchen , in a bad mood but not know why . be a guy , he expect bianca to fix he mood . lar bianca ! karin ( 0.c . ) we be up here ! int . pink bedroom -- continuous karin and Mrs. gruner have just finish dress bianca in a party dress . lar appear in the doorway . he 's miff and sulky . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 61 . continued : lar what 's this ? mrs . gruner the hospital volunteer banquet at the vfw . do not she look beautiful ? lar do not care . lar we be suppose to play chess . karen be you sure ? her schedule 's on the refrigerator , do you check ? lar no , I forget . mrs . gruner well , they be give she a award , she have to be there . lar could we have a couple of minute alone , please ? int . lindstrom house : bottom of the stair -- moment later karin and Mrs. gruner listen to lar 's muffle , semi-raise voice . Mrs. gruner 's eye narrow . karen they never fight . mrs . gruner I do not like he tone . ext . lindstrom house : STREET -- moment later bianca sit in the car . lar and Mrs. gruner stand outside , argue . they be both angry . mrs . gruner now , you listen to I . bianca have a life of she own . lar yeah , but -- ( continued ) a lar by Nancy Oliver - 62 . continued : e@ mrs . gruner no self - respect woman be go to be at you beck and call , mister , the sooner you learn that , the better . lar a girlfriend should -- mrs . gruner you be away at you job all day , be she suppose to wait for you ? would you do that for she ? would she even ask you to ? lar no , but -- mrs . gruner bianca 's out there contribute to other less fortunate , you should be proud of she . lar she 's always busy . what about I ? @ mrs . gruner Big baby . you be just like my husband ! Mrs. gruner get in she car and slam the door . mrs . gruner ( cont 'd ) she 'il be home at 11 . lar be very angry as Mrs. gruner and bianca drive away . int . lindstrom house : family room -- later lar storm through the lindstrom house stop to yell at karin , who be do pregnant woman yoga in the family room . lar she 's my girlfriend , she can not just go off like that ! karin fall out of she pose . lar by Nancy Oliver - 63. ext . backyard -- moment later lar pace around by the firewood , mutter to himself in a little boy 's rage . karin come out to see what 's go on . she 's surprised , he so rarely exhibit emotion . karin lar ? lar what if I take off and leave she alone . what if I abandon she . how would she feel ? karin stop yell , she do not abandon you , she will be home at -- lar do not stop yell . lar how do I know that ? I do not know that . you never know who 's come back and who be not . people do whatever they want , they just go , they do not care , they do not think about how I feel ! they do not care about I ! karin get mad . karin now wait just a darn minute . we do care , we all care . lar no , you do not ! nobody care about I ! karin that be not true ! every person in this town bend over backwards to make bianca feel at home ! why do you think she have so many place to go and so much to do ? lar because -- because - — karin because of you , because all this people love you . ( more ) ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 64 . continued : karin ( cont 'd ) we push she wheelchair , we drive she to work , we drive she home , we wash she , we dress she , we carry she , we get she up , we put she to bed , and she be not petite , lar , bianca be a big girl ! none of this be easy for any of we , but we do it , for you . so do not you dare tell I how we do not care . she walk back in the house and slam the door . lar , spend , try to figure it all out . ext . lindstrom house : driveway -- later lar stand beside bianca , who sit in she wheelchair , a plaque in she lap . Mrs. gruner prepare to leave . karin peek out a window to watch . lar thank you , Mrs. gruner . before -- I do not mean it . Mrs. gruner cut he a break . mrs . gruner well , at least you be man enough to admit you be wrong . unlike my husband . they share a little laugh . Mrs. gruner hold out she arm to he . mrs . gruner ( cont 'd ) oh , come here , you big goof . lar let Mrs. gruner hug he . it 's work , but he do it . int . pink bedroom -- later bianca 's in bed . lar button she last button , and tuck she in . Gus open the door and be surprised to find he there . cause hey ! lar how be basketball ? Gus the cheese inspector beat the crap out of we . ( confuse ) ( more ) ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 65 . continued : gus ( cont 'd ) everything all right ? I mean , I usually put bianca to bed . lar ( resolute ) not any more . that 's my job now . bath , too . Gus be slightly scandalize . gus well , I do not know ... lar bianca 's culture be very comfortable with nudity . I be the one who feel funny . but we nre close enough now to -- that 's all Gus want to hear . gus okay . well . that 's up to you . g’night . lar thanks , gus. gus I do not do anything . lar yeah , you do . int . gus and karin' bedroom -~- moment later karin lie with she foot up , read , as he enter , suspicious . gus what no I miss ? karen ( excited , good news ) we have a big fight ! cause not karen yes ! they be both delighted . tt lar by Nancy Oliver - 66 . @ ext . landscape -— day it 's sunny . a icicle melt , Water flow into a street drain , you can hear it run through pipe under the pavement . a bird sing . there 's mud . int . exam room -- day lar look at bianca . dagmar look at lar , sense something different about he . they keep they voice low . dagmar my office ? lar I be go to stay with she . she 's feel pretty lousy . dagmar we will both stay . she watch lar who watch bianca , troubled . lar last week , I ask she to marry I . e dagmar try not to look dismay . dagmar congratulation ! when 's the happy day ? lar she say no . dagmar know this mean something but be not sure what . dagmar oh , my . lar I could not believe it . he reach over and take bianca 's hand . lar ( cont 'd ) she say she will think it over . he hold she hand against he cheek . dagmar consider this development . lar by Nancy Oliver - 67 . int . office : coffee room -~ day lar go to the soda machine . he secretly watch margo and Eric eat lunch together . they laugh , intimate . lar punch the soda machine button with force . int . church -- day lar sit in the pews by himself . bianca , robe like the other , sit in the choir . margo manipulate bianca 's hand to make she wave at lar , but he attention be on the minister . reverend bock when we be child , we behave as child . but the time come when we must surrender childish thing . ext . lindstrom house : backyard -- day bianca sit in the sun while karin paint a piece of baby furniture . karin check she work . karin what do you think ? too yellow ? int . lindstrom house : kitchen --— continuous Gus cook . lar watch karin and bianca through the window . something important be on he mind . karin , with she automatic thoughtfulness , adjust bianca 's wheelchair so that the doll stay in the sun . lar in bianca ' 's culture , people have a shaman to teach they . Gus be absorb in create , he 's not really listen . Gus shamu ? lar talk half to himself , half to Gus . lar shaman . a wise person . there be ritual and ordeal and if you live through they , then you have new power , and you know you be a adult and it 's time to take you place in the community . how do you know ? ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 68 . continued : gus what ? lar how do you turn into a man ? Gus 's focus remain on spice . cause could not tell you . lar be it the Air Force ? should I kill something ? he pick up a carve knife . this get Gus 's attention . gus no , jeez , no , put that down . lar put it down and look at Gus expectantly . gus ( cont 'd ) gimme a minute . ( can not find the word ) I never think about it . lar be it sex ? cause ( uncomfortable ) ) well , it 's kinda sex , but not , you know , I do not know , it 's -- well . damn . hmm . lar I really need to know . the dryer buzzer go off . int . laundry room -- moment later Gus put clothes from the washer into the dryer . Gus you should ask dagmar . lar I do . she say who 's someone you admire and I say Gus and she say ask you . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 69 . continued : @ Gus pause , surprised and move . he clear he throat . he start put dirty white thing into the washer . he kick the laundry basket full of dry clothes toward lar . cause fold that , willya ? and pass I the bleach . lar do . gus ( cont ’d ) I can only give you my opinion . lar that 's all I want . he listen hard . Gus think , figure it out as he talk . Gus it 's not like you nre all one thing or the other . there 's still a kid inside . but you grow up when you decide to do right . not what 's right for you , what 's right for everybody . even when it hurt . @ lar like ... gus well , do not jerk people around . do not cheat on you woman , take care of you family . admit when you be wrong . look out for poor folk and sick folk and old folk . try , anyway . he try to find more to say , but can not . gus ( cont 'd ) uh , that 's all I can think of . sound pretty easy , but for some reason it 's not . lar ( heartfelt ) nothing 's easy . cause like dad . he do not have to raise two boy alone , he could have give we away , people do that . ( more ) ( continued ) oo lar by Nancy Oliver - 70 . continued : gus ( cont 'd ) but he love we and he try to do @ right , even though he do not know how . even though he have a break heart . lar fold laundry , quiet , think . lar yeah . pause . Gus decide to be a man . he apologize with difficulty . he face the biggest failure of he life . gus lar , I should not have leave you alone with he . he be too sad , it scared I and I just -- I just run . that be selfish . I should have take better care of you . I be so sorry . he and lar look at each other . they both know it 's true . lar ( lightly ) ' S okay . it 's all over now . e gus lightly cuff lar , full of relief , affection , love . lar smile at he . ext . pond --— day lar and bianca sit and talk , face to face . we can not hear what he say , but he 's intense about it . ext . pond -~- later bianca sit while lar walk around , close to she but restless . he do not talk , he 's quiet , think . he look at thing on the ground . he look at the bud on tree . ext . treehouse bianca lean against the tree trunk . lar sit in the treehouse and look at thing from above . int . dagmar 's office lar move around , restless , as dagmar pretend to read a magazine . for a little bit he say nothing , then speak abruptly . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 71 . continued : lar I '' not sure the treatment be help . dagmar look at he sharply . dagmar no ? lar she go everywhere and do everything , but some day she heart 's not in it , I can tell . he sit to face dagmar . lar ( cont 'd ) do you think they be help ? the treatment ? dagmar decide to take a chance . dagmar I be not sure . I be sorry . we know it be a long shot . it 's the answer he expect , but it still hurt . lar what happen now ? dagmar you tell I . lar think . dagmar wait , interested . lar be this the only chance we have get ? dagmar you could take she to the city and see different doctor who might know more . lar she do not want that . she love it here . she trust you . dagmar we can always keep try . ( continued ) ot lar by Nancy Oliver - 72 . continued : lar you never know . she might turn a corner . dagmar she might . lar she love I . but when I say let 's get marry , she say no , not yet , or she do not say anything at all . more and more , she do not say anything at all . he lower he head , discourage . but dagmar watch he with a little smile , she eye bright . int . office -- day time have pass , the appearance of the cubicle have change . kurt 's have a different configuration of action figure . margo 's be rearrange , with more plant . lar 's feature a sears-like studio portrait of himself and bianca , lar work as kurt and margo fight . margo be very upset , she hold she teddy bear , which have a noose around its neck . margo you cross the line ! kurt you keep swiping my action figure ! margo I hide they , I do not hang they ! kurt you nre too old for that thing , anyway . margo take off the noose . kurt no. margo take it off ! kurt face it , margo ! that bear be dead . hal ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver ~ 73 . continued : kurt put on he headphone and return to work , jiggling he knee triumphantly . margo start to cry and run out of the room . lar follow she , cuffing kurt . lar moron . kurt you play , you pay . int . office : coffee room -- continuous margo sit at a table hold she strangle bear . lar enter and sit with she . kindly , gently , he take the bear away from she and start to take the noose apart . margo it 's not only the bear . I break up with bric . lar offer insincere sympathy . lar sorry to hear that . margo I do not even have a good reason . he just be not very -- interesting . lar then why be he you boyfriend ? margo ( defensive ) I get lonely , be that so hard to understand ? lar no. he return the repair bear to she . he almost pat she in sympathy , but can not quite manage to touch she . margo what be you and bianca do Friday night ? lar School board meeting with Mr. hofstedtler . ( proud ) bianca get elect . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 74 . continued : margo wow ! that 's great . ( disappointed } okay . lar why ? margo I be think we all could go out somewhere . she shrug and start to walk back to the office , blue . margo ( cont 'd ) never mind . lar ( impulse ) after I drop she off I be free . margo turn and smile at he . int . bowling alley -- night margo concentrate as she raise a bowl ball in front of she face , then hurl it down the alley with appropriate body language . she make a spare . lar take he turn , knock three off the right . margo cool she hand over the air vent . lar knock one pin off on the right . he 's annoyed with himself . margo you be not follow through . lar I know , I know . int . bowling alley entrance -- continuous moose , hector , Nelson and Sean check for available lane . they each have they own gear . Russell work behind the desk , spraying shoe . russell sorry , we be full up . next week 's the lady League tournament . except for lar , the lane be full of fiercely bowl woman . the man be disappointed . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 75 . continued : sean nada ? hector dude . nelson tell dem lady go . russell no way , Nelson , they will shred I . moose be that lar ? hey , buddy ! int . scorecard projection -- later margo and Nelson be neck and neck for the lead , then moose , lar and Sean . int . bowling alley -- later they be all bowl together have a wonderful time . margo watch lar when he 's not watch she . he make she smile and he make she sad . nelson ( to margo , tesing ) mahgong , kick you butt ! margo no , Nelson , I kick you butt . lar watch margo while she 's not watch he . she make he smile and she make he sad . moose {to margo ) baby , where you be all my life ? moose wink at lar as margo laugh . int . bowling alley -- later margo and lar sit at a table behind the other bowler , change out of they bowl shoe . something be on lar 's mind . she look around the bowl alley with a little burst of happiness . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 76 . continued : margo this be exactly what I need , thing look so much better . thanks for bowl with I , lar . she be very close and very pretty . lar can smell she perfume . lar ( blurt ) do not get the wrong idea . I will never cheat on bianca . margo be shocked and appal . margo oh , no ! I would never ! I hope you do not think -- lar , no . I can not compete with she , I would never try . lar a man do not cheat on he woman . margo absolutely . and vice versa . besides , I do not need to steal anybody 's boyfriend . one of this day , I will find a man of my own and we will be happy , too . be not so thrilled to hear this . lar yup . that ' 's the way it work . bowling alley entrance -- moment later and margo stand outside . it start to snow . lar I no better go pick up bianca . margo snow . watch snow fall for a moment . lar I be hope winter be over . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 77 . continued : margo only a thaw . Winter will not be over till Easter . they watch the snow fall for another moment . margo ( cont 'd ) thanks again . lar night . as margo turn to leave , he suddenly pull off he glove and stick out he bare hand at she . margo be take by surprise . margo ah ! lar take a step closer , he hand still extend , as margo realize what he want . she take off she glove and they shake hand . the touch of she flesh send a electric current through lar . kurt be wrong . nothing 's better than skin . lar 's hand buzze with sensation . he feel it all over he body . margo take she hand away slowly . margo ( cont 'd ) night . she walk away . lar put he hand to he cheek . int . bathroom -- night bianca 's balanced on the edge of the tub in a towel . lar dry she slowly , trace the line of she face . then the outline of she body : she neck , she shoulder , she arm , gather information about the female form . it 's bizarrely tender , sensual and intimate . int . family room -- continuous karin lie down , she foot elevate into Gus 's lap where he massage they diligently . Gus stop massage and listen . cause it 's too quiet up there . karin do not listen . gus but -- ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 78 . continued : karin Gus , I really can not think about it . Gus you be right . he massage again , they both think about it , uncomfortable . int . exam room dagmar take bianca 's blood pressure as lar watch . she leok at he and shake she head slightly . lar rub he face . ext . lindstrom house : backyard ~- day Green shoot in the garden . karin , muddy , inspect carefully . bianca hold the garden tool . int . lindstrom house : baby room Gus and lar paint the wall , listen to sport on the radio . they converse without much think , if any . lar you care if it 's a boy or a girl ? ous Nah . lar I , neither . cause I just want a kid . do not know why . lar yeah , I , too . Gus give he a look , but lar be happily painting . int . lar n's garage apt .-- evening bianca lie on lar 's sofa , as if she 's ill , in he arm . lar blot she face with a cool cloth . he kiss she forehead and look worried and loving . int . office -- day lar duck in he cubicle as , on either side , margo and kurt throw thing at each other -- ball of paper , paper clip , pen , staple remover , etc . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 79 . continued : e lar cut it out ! I mean it ! right now ! they pay no attention to he . Cindy appear at the door . cindy margo , be you come to lunch or not ? margo yes ! wait for I ! she grab she purse and dash out to Cindy , laugh as kurt pelt she with object . cindy this place be a big kindergarten . kurt margo , you loser ! a few moment quiet after the big battle . lar stretch out . kurt ( cont 'd ) I think she like I . oe lar not a chance . kurt all that girly energy ? she 's ready for a man . lar not you . kurt like a ripe peach on the tree . watch I pick she off . ( sound effect ) thp. lar not in a million year . kurt you will see . thp. kurt jiggle he knee , cocky . this really bug lar who suddenly whip a ball of paper at he . kurt ( cont 'd ) hey ! ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 80 . continued : they continue the war . ext . lindstrom house : backyard -- evening lar chop firewood with abandon as bianca watch . karin watch from the kitchen and call out the back door . karin lar , we have plenty , it 's almost April . but lar keep chopping . int . exam room thoughtful , dagmar look at bianca on the table . int . hallway —- continuous lar wait nervously . joanne walk by he . he catch she arm and blurt , desperate for reassurance . lar dagmar want to see she alone today . joanne , compassionate , give he a squeeze , he accept it . joanne you hang in there , lar . everything 's gonna be okay . he try to smile at she . int . dagmar' office -- later dagmar hold both of lar 's hand , which do not seem to bother he at all now . she 's very serious . lar just say it . dagmar I think you be right . bianca 's not respond to the special treatment . it hit lar hard . dagmar ( cont ’d ) how 's she be with you ? ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 81. continued : lar not good . not good . what do we do ? dagmar I do not think there 's anything we can do. ( cautious ) have you think about send she back to the tropic ? lar . no ! she do not want to go , she do not want to leave I . dagmar I understand . lar she do not ever want to leave I . dagmar make a move toward he to comfort , but he turn away . int . lindstrom house : gus' office -- night on he way to bed , Gus shut off the light in he office . then the light in the kitchen . ext . lindstrom house -- night -- continuous we watch the various light go out . int . lindstrom house : gus and karen 's bedroom -- continuous from the doorway , Gus admire karin . she 's now very pregnant . feeling he gaze in she sleep , karin wake a little . karen come to bed ? gus be right there . karen ' S cold . int . pink bedroom ~~ continuous senselessly , but because it 's he nature -- he do this every night -- Gus open the door to check on bianca and , see she safe , close the door quietly , so as not to wake she . lar by Nancy Oliver - 82. int . lars' garage apt .~- continuous lar toss and turn in bed , the baby blanket throw off he . he 's asleep but he unconscious be work hard . int . pink bedroom -- later bianca lie in bed with she nightlight , serene . int . gus and karin 's bedroom -~ morning Gus and karin sleep . lar ( 0.c. ) ( panicked ) Gus ! Gus ! Gus be out of bed in a instant , completely disorient but ready for action . Gus yeah ! he locate the door and run out as karin struggle to get up . int . pink bedroom -- continuous bianca lie in bed , still in she pajamas , lar stand beside she , Gus run in . lar she will not wake up , I think she 's unconscious ! Gus be stump . how do you tell if a doll be unconscious ? gus wh--huh -- be you sure ? lar yes ! Gus ( at a loss ) uh ... karin enter . Gus look to she . gus ( cont ’d ) bianca 's unconscious ! ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 83. continued : karin uh...call 911 ! lar dash out . gus 911 ? karin I do not know ! you always expect I to know what to do ! ext . town --later a ambulance speed through the street , Gus and karin follow in they car . int . hospital -- later swing door burst open as , lie on a gurney , bianca be rush to a treatment room . Gus , karin and lar follow . nurse amy stop they , compassionate . nurse amy I be sorry , you will have to wait out here . Dr. Bergen 's on the way . Gus put he arm around lar 's shoulder pull he away from the door . lar be distraught . lar I want to be with she ! gus it 's okay , it 's okay ... they step away , Gus try to talk lar down . karin and Amy share a few private word . karin thank you , Amy . nurse amy she 's volunteer of the Year , we love she . so much nicer than a real patient . when be you due ? karin Three week . seem like a lifetime . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 84 . continued : @ nurse amy ( be there ) oh , I know . karin I be so excited . a baby ! nurse amy karin , there 's nothing like it . int . treatment room -- continuous two nurse put a hospital johnny on bianca . int . hospital waiting room -- later lar sit , pale and wait . as in the time before bianca , he seem far away . dagmar enter and sit with they . she look serious . karin sense bad news . karin oh , no . dagmar bianca 's very sick . @ karin look at lar . she and Gus be alarmed . karin no , she be not . she could not be . lar ? lar she do not want to tell you . she do not want you to worry . karin be shocked . karin no. Gus how sick be very sick ? dagmar look at lar . lar she 's die . no one know what to do . ( continued ) by Nancy Oliver - 85 . continued : karen oh , my God . oh , my God . she start to cry . Gus be thoroughly bewilder . gus but ~- lar how long do we have ? dagmar that 's up to she . lar do she know ? dagmar she know . she 's a brave girl . no one know what to say . dagmar ( cont 'd ) we will observe she till she 's stable , but she want to go home with you tonight . they all try to absorb this . lar stand . lar where be she ? dagmar and lar walk away as Gus and karin look at each other , at a total loss . int . hospital hallway -- later outside the door to bianca 's room , hospital personnel and other patient peek to see lar at bianca 's bedside , hold she hand , he head bow . nurse Amy step in , softly close the door , and address the troops . nurse amy if anybody laugh or bother that boy , you nre on the next bus to siberia , I kid you not . move along . she shoos they away . lar by Nancy Oliver - 86 . int . hospital room -- later in a different position , lar sit next to bianca . he look like everyone else who wait at a hospital bed with a die love one . int . hospital waiting room -- later karin , Gus and dagmar in discussion . dagmar be excited in she own calm way . karin what ' 's it go to do to he ? how can we let it happen ? dagmar we be not let it happen , it 's lar . it 's always be lar . Gus defend he . gus he do not ask to be lonely or sick in the head . dagmar no , no , of course not . but do you see ? he 's make the decision . he 's the one who find she unconscious , he 's the one who say she 's terminal . karin you see he face . why would he put himself through this . dagmar partly , I think it 's you mother . I think he 's relive the great loss of he life . only he 's not a helpless infant now , this time he have a chance to come through it whole . gus but that do not connect . Mom 's heart stop on the table . lar never even know she . karin hold she belly , realize . ( continued ) Nancy Oliver - 87 . continued : karin oh , he know she . dagmar everything connect . int . gus and karen ‘s car -- night karin and Gus be quiet in front , hold hand as Gus drive home . bianca recline against lar in the back . karin ( tentative ) okay back there ? lar ( distant ) they give she something . she 's asleep . they drive in silence . gus you know , anything you want . karen anything we can do . there 's silence for another little while . lar we would like to stay together in the pink room . int . pink bedroom -- night lar and bianca , in pajamas , be asleep in bed , they arm around each other . Gus open the door , check on they , close the door . int . office : coffee room -- morning margo 's make coffee , Cindy enter , she eye full of tear . margo Cindy , what ? cindy baxter 's sister candace call . margo the nurse ? ( continued ) a e lar by Nancy Oliver - 88 . continued : cindy it 's bianca . int . mall -- day Sandy tell other people in the mall about bianca . int . gus n's lunchroom -- day moose tell everybody about bianca . int . church meeting room -- day Mrs. gruner tell the Bible Study class about bianca . int . deb' house / daycare CENTER -- day Deb tell the child about bianca int . community meeting room -- day Laurel and she yoga class meditate . Laurel hit a little go and speak in she meditation voice , but she 's also emotional . laurel and as we end we meditation , let 's visualize bianca and lar surround in heal ray of bright white light and divine love as we pray for the best possible outcome for all being . a few moment of meditation . laurel ( cont 'd ) namaste . CLASS namaste . they bow to the divine in each other . Laurel hit the little go . ext . town -- morning it ' 's raining . ext . lake —~ day raindrop fall on the lake , send ripple over the surface . lar by Nancy Oliver - 89 . ext . lindstrom house -- day rain . int . lindstrom house : kitchen the answer machine blink and blink . the phone ring and ring . int . gus and karen 's bedroom —~ day the phone in the room be unplugge , we hear the ringing far away . karin nap . the window be open enough so that wind make the curtain billow , as if they be breathe . a dream - like look and feel . we can hear the rain . int . pink bedroom -- day lar lie in bed asleep , hold bianca . the doorbell ring . he wake to see and hear the rain , as the doorbell sound die away . lar spring . he get out of bed . still in he pajamas , he hair messy , he leave the room . int . lindstrom house : stairway -- continuous lar walk down the stair and open the front door . ext . lindstrom house : porch -- continuous the mail truck drive away , a couple of house down . the lindstrom porch be full of flower , gift basket , candle and get well balloon . there be a bag of mail . astonish , lar walk down the step into the rain , look after the mail truck . he look back at the porch , a vivid display of color on a grey day . int . lindstrom house : front door -- night doorbell ring . Gus open the door to find Mrs. gruner , Mrs. schindler and Mrs. Petersen each bear casserole . int . pink bedroom -- later lar sit by the bed in he rock chair , hold bianca 's hand and rock . there 's a soft knock on the door , enter Mrs. gruner . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 90 . continued : @ lar hi , Mrs. gruner . mrs . gruner how be she ? lar weak , but no pain . mrs . gruner let 's bring she down to the family room . lar I do not know ... mrs . gruner she want to . int . lindstrom house : family room -- later Mrs. Petersen and Mrs. schindler sit with lar and bianca . they have bring crochet , knitting and needlepoint to do . mrs . schindler @ we send Gus and karin off to the movie . mrs . petersen they do not like to leave you . lar no , it 's good they go . I feel awful about this , when the baby 's almost here . mrs . petersen that 's how life be , lar . mrs . schindler everything at once . Mrs. gruner enter with a plate of food for lar . lar thanks , I be not hungry . mrs . gruner well , keep it in you lap . bianca may want to pick . ( continued } continued : lar by Nancy Oliver - 91 . they sit in companionable silence . Mrs. schindler hum to herself . lar start to eat , first pick , then building appetite . they sit . they sit . lar be there something I be suppose to do ? mrs . gruner no , dear . you eat . mrs . schindler ( placid ) we come over to sit . mrs . petersen that ' 's what people do when tragedy strike . mrs . schindler they come over and sit . mrs . gruner do not you feel a little better ? lar yeah . int . lindstrom house : family room -~ later the same . the woman crochet , knit and do needlepoint . lar listen closely to the conversation . mrs . gruner of course there 's a afterlife . mrs . schindler look at Jesus . mrs . petersen my grandfather always say , '' when you be go , you be go . there 's nothing but nothing . '' mrs . gruner mean as a snake , that man . famous for it . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 92 . continued : eo mrs . petersen we be so grateful when he have the heart attack and fall into a coma . Mrs. gruner and Mrs. schindler agree , with feel . mrs . schindler mm-hmm . mrs . gruner oh , yes . mrs . petersen well , he be about to die . do not even twitch all night . then all of a sudden he rear up in bed with he eye wide open and he say , ( joy and surprise ) '' oh ! '' then , clunk , he be dead . I be there , he see something , I know it in my bone . he never look so glad , like a boy . mrs . schindler oh , yes , that happen . e@ mrs. gruner no doubt in my mind . lar look at bianca . ext . lindstrom house -- late afternoon walk down the street from opposite direction , deep in think , each bear casserole , dagmar and margo meet each other on the walk to the lindstrom front door . dagmar oh , hello . margo hello . I be margo . dagmar I be dagmar . they go up the walk together . margo be not it awful about bianca . @ dagmar be not sure if she 's serious . ( continued ) continued : dagmar be lar by Nancy Oliver - 93. dagmar unfortunately , we all have to go sometime . margo but so young ! poor lar . charme by she sincerity . int . lindstrom house -- later karin and dagmar try to fit the casserole dish into a refrigerat lurk at t all margo 's they look eyebrow . or already fill with casserole dish . margo he door to the rest of the house , she mind on lar . dagmar darn it . I think about a ham . karin we have four ham . and three turkey . dagmar you should freeze they , for when the baby come . karin oh , you know , I think I will . 's energy be direct upstairs . margo this be the part that 's so hard . the wait . be you sure he 's all right ? at margo . dagmar look at karin , raise she karin raise she eyebrow back . karin pretty sure . but he will not leave she and he will not bring she down . it 's like that some day . dagmar ( to karin ) should I go up there ? I trust you judgment . margo ( unconsciously territorial ) ( more ) ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 94 . continued : margo ( cont 'd ) I 'il go up . lar and I be very good friend . we go bowl . dagmar ( amused ) then you outrank I . they both look to karin for advice . karin honestly ? I feel like he want to be alone with she . they nre in they own world . dagmar okay . he know what he 's do . margo not many man would be so devote . dagmar and karin exchange another little look , pleased with margo . ext . church -- day a sunny Palm Sunday . int . church -- continuous the church be fill with palm and lily . reverend bock pass out palm to the child and people who file down the aisle . choir '' o'er all the way green palm and blossom gay / be strewn this day in festal preparation / where Jesus come to wipe we tear away / e’en now the throng to welcome he prepare ... Hosanna ... even though she know they be not there , margo check the pew for lar and bianca , but there 's only space . int . pink bedroom - day lar continue he vigil with bianca . karin knock softly and open the door , Gus behind she . karin I have spring fever , we be go out to the lake . wanna come ? ( continued ) continued : ext . lake lar by Nancy Oliver - 95 . lar she 's so weak . I think she 's in pain but she will not admit it . karin she want to get out for a little while , lar . cause come with we . do everybody good . karin bianca , do not you want to see this glorious day ? -- later Gus , karin , lar and bianca on the shore of the lake . they check the threat . sky --a northern spring sky , part promise , part gus be that a storm over there ? karin the weather say no . gus look like a storm to I . karin honey , I need to stretch my leg , maybe it will blow over . let 's take a chance . Gus lar ? lar you go . bianca want to stay and look at the water . Gus we will not be far . karin holler if you need we . lar do not worry . let 's not worry any more . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 96 . continued : Gus and karin walk off hand in hand . lar watch they go , fondly . he like watch they together . curt to : same , a little later lar sit next to bianca in she wheelchair . they watch the water . he speak from the bottom of he heart . lar we still have so much to talk about . everything be different because of you . I think that we would have year and year . he take she hand , kiss she palm . lar ( cont ’d ) thank you . ext . across the field -- later Gus look at the sky again , karin look toward the lake . gus see ? I be right . here it come . karin start move back toward the lake , not sure of what she see . karin Gus ... gus we will just about make it home before -- karin start run . gus ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? karin Gus ! at the edge of the lake , we can see bianca 's wheelchair where it 's roll into the water . gus immediately understand . gus ( already move , to karin ) you okay ? ( continued ) by Nancy Oliver - 97 . continued : karin go! go! Gus sprint past she toward lar who hold bianca in he arm , a strange reverse pieta . even in a long shot , we can sense the intensity of lar 's grief . bianca be dead . ext . cemetery a funeral on a beautiful , sunny spring day . around the grave , people stand or sit in fold chair . no one wear black . almost everyone we have see be present except child . lar sit with karin , Gus and dagmar . he have just finish a cry spasm , be distant and quiet for the moment , in the space between wave of grief . the mourner be a little restless , unsure of how to behave at such a curious occasion . reverend bock lar ask we not to wear black today . he do that to remind we that this be no ordinary funeral . oh , no . instead he would like we to join together in celebration of bianca 's extraordinary life . @ the mourner settle , interested . reverend bock ( cont 'd ) without even try , bianca bring to this town the warmth , the laughter , the vivid color of she native tropic . she be a listener and a teacher . she be a lesson in courage and constancy . do you ever once see she yield to disability or despair ? people shake they head , no , they never do . everyone be move in they own way . reverend bock ( cont ’d ) there be not one among we who could match she work ethic or she serenity in the face of illness and even death . the word touch they all and make it real . reverend bock ( cont 'd ) from she wheelchair , bianca touch all of we in way we could never e have predict . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 98 . continued : the mourner agree , this be very true . reverend bock ( cont 'd ) and she leave we with glow memory of she generosity , she delightful company and she love of humanity . oh , yes . we can be sure bianca love we all . especially lar . everyone become aware of he . they watch he , compassionate . reverend bock ( cont ’d ) especially he . but lar , do not forget , she be first and foremost a missionary . a servant of God . lar nod . he will not forget . rev . bock so let we not grieve for she . let we not suffer . let we rejoice . bianca have not go , she have go ahead , where we all must go one day . and she will be there to greet we on that day , when we too return to we true home , safe forever in the bosom of the Lord . amen . people amen . he begin to recite the twenty - third psalm . everyone know the word , some say it along with he . rev . bock '' the Lord be my shepherd , I shall not want , he leadeth I beside still water , he restoreth my soul ... '' ext . cemetery -- later the service be over , people disperse , talk . Gus and karin talk to various configuration of friend and neighbor . dagmar watch lar as he accept condolence , hug , shake hand , reach out . margo , too watch lar from a distance . gus come back to the house . please . bring the kid . we no love to have you . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 99 . continued : @ karin we finally decide . Paul lar if it 's a boy and elinor bianca if it 's a girl . it 's clear that everybody will gather at the lindstrom house . cur to : same -- later Gus approach dagmar . they look at lar . gus can lar drive with you ? we have to be home when people start show up and I do not want to rush he ... dagmar of course . cause what come next ? dagmar @ as usual , I have no idea . they marvel at the strange and wonderful person lar be . gus he ‘s--unbelievable . dagmar the most creative , resourceful -- and he 's strong , Gus , he 's really strong . cause I never know . I never know he . Gus be full of emotion . gus ( cont 'd ) I do not know what to say . how to thank you . without you ... I mean , he 's my brother ... he can not find the word . dagmar e it 's a privilege . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 100 . continued : karin motion to he from a distance . karin Gus ! Gus see you at the house ? dagmar I will be there . he hug she warmly , he go . dagmar stay in the background watch , as people leave . she be amused and move by the whole experience . CUT to : ext . cemetery -- later the cemetery be empty except for lar , margo and dagmar , who stand quite apart from one another . margo and lar be unaware of dagmar . lar look at the headstone , he mother , he father and '' bianca , belove friend . '' dagmar start toward he , but from another direction , margo join lar at the grave . dagmar stop and watch . lar we use to come here sometimes . she like it , even in winter , margo I like it , too . peaceful . they stand together look at bianca 's grave . dagmar watch the simple scene . we can hear bird . lar she ask I to let go , she say she be ready . she tell I not to be sad . but I can not help it . margo I , neither . lar we will feel better as time go on . that 's what people say . margo it 's true , I think , in a way . but there ' 1l never be anyone like she . ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 101 . continued : lar never . they stand for a few more moment , remember bianca . then lar wipe he eye , look around at the day and take a breath . dagmar smile and walk away , leave they alone . margo ( do not really want to ) I guess we should catch up with everybody else . lar ( do not really want to ) in a while . you wanna take a walk ? margo yes . they wander off into the sunlight together . ( cont 'd ) ( continued ) lar by Nancy Oliver - 102 . continued :