sin nombre by cary fukunaga october 25th , 2007 forward note this be a English version of the script . the shoot script be in colloquial Spanish . a urban style of slang have be use here with member of a gang call the mara salvatrucha , which be heavily influence by its counterpart in the United States . the Spanish version reflect this particular style of speech . for the immigrant , the Spanish reflect the grammar and vocabulary use in the region of the Americas that they come from . 1a 1b 1c ext . colonia confeti , tapachula - day super : tapachula , mexico a weathered , yet serene poster , of a green landscape ( Texas ? ) fill we frame . we pan around revealing EL casper , a gaunt - face 17 year - old wiping water from he face . he stare at the image with a curious indifference , it 's hard to read what he think . behind he a slum like neighborhood of one - story concrete home that resemble a favela , link with the familiar maze of path , scavenge roof and satellite dish power by dangerously improvise cable . his cell phone beeps . he finish wash he face and head and leave . ext . colonia confeti , STREET - day casper walk briskly down the street . people give hima respectful amount of space . we see more detail of he body , a tattoo on he neck '' perdoname madre mia '' and a tear drop be on he right eye , the shape of a pistol in he back pocket . int . combi ( minibus ) - day a combi pull up to a line of 8 wait passengers . casper walk past they and sit in the front seat with the driver . the driver hand he a wad of cash , with out say a word nor casper look at he . at the next stop line with 5 wait passenger , casper get down . ext . colonia confeti , STREET - continuous casper pass three fellow foot soldier of he gang . Long rifle lean against a wall next to they as they lounge in the hot sun watch the border of they territory . he pick up one of they bike and ride down the block . he arrive at a corner mini - market , again silently collect cash from the woman run it . ext . colonia confeti street - day El casper ride a bike through the maze , weaving around pedestrian and vendor . 1a 1b 1c 2a 2b he pause on he bike . a train pass in front of he . three similarly tattooe man ride atop , they acknowledge casper with nod . CUT to : casper ride into another alley and stop in front of a 2a unremarkable concrete house . a television blast a game show inside while a ancient woman , abue , cool off next to the window . she eat raisin from a bowl . El casper take one and eat it with out ask , charmingly . EL casper sefiora . she look at El casper disapprovingly , then make a incomprehensible call into the house . a boy , 12 , appear wear a tatter middle - school uniform . he see El casper and motion for he to come in . int . smiley 's house - continuous 2b the boy hand he a backpack unceremoniously , it 's a old routine . El casper check the content of the backpack , CD player , gameboy , radio , battery , headphone , and other random steal goods . he nod approvingly , then notice a slim digital camera . he pick it up , inspect it , then stuff it in he own pocket before zipping up the bag . El casper hold he finger up to he mouth ... EL casper ( cont ’d ) shhh , we secret . the boy nod . EL casper lil 's mago want to see you . ext . EL lil ' mago 's house , back patio 3 the kid stand before EL lil ' mago , a strike man in he early - twenty , with a face cover in mara salvatrucha tattoo , crown with '' devil 's horn '' scrawle in detail on he forehead . about a dozen other similarly clad gang member , include El casper , stand around he . the kid nervously pull at he tatter school pants . lil 's mago smile ... EL lil ' mago one ... El casper and two other man , El smokey , a teen with crazy eye and EL bomba , a hefty guatemalan in he late-twenty , jump up and begin beat the boy . EL SOL , mid-twenty , stoic , watch from behind . the boy try to fight back , spin around in a fury of punch and kick but be no match to the three man 's experience . he be quickly pummele to the ground . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) ..- four , five . five ... five and half ... six ... he be knock again and again , all he can do be protect he face . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) ... nine , ten , eleven , eleven ... twelve . El casper look at El lil ' mago , wait for '' thirteen . '' the Boy 's face be cut and he leave eyelid sag . El casper only halfheartedly punch he now . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) twelve . El casper feel El lil ' mago glaring at he , so he launch a kick into the boy chest . the boy yelp as El casper kick he over and over . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) thirteen . El casper finally stop , breathe heavily . despite he tear , whimper and quivering body , the Boy form a smile -- a cry smile . El lil ' mago pull he up . the man holler as they rush in , throw mara salvatrucha ( ms13 ) gang sign ( '' " m '' then '' S '' shape with they hand ) and stack that with they clica 's name '' confeti locos '' in a form of sign - language . they hug he . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) look at this kid , casper , he 's all smile . ext . colonia stairway - tegucigalpa , honduras - day super : tegucigalpa , honduras we see a large expanse of the capitol and its foothills . a city cover with colorful home , patch of tropical green and smog . on the bottom of the frame three adolescent girl make they way up a long set of stair towards we , share a cigarette . sayra , 15 , a olive -skin girl with long hair and bright eye stand between clarissa and yamila . clarissa you be so lucky , sayra . ( beat ) if my dad come back to take I north with he ... sayra mine do not , he be deport . clarissa and ? at least he can make the journey with you , instead of pay a pervy pollero to take you . ( beat ) yamila 's dad be a pervy pollero , from what she mom remember . yamila , cigarette in mouth , give clarissa the finger . clarissa ( to sayra ) look , I do not even know why you be wetting you pants over this , it 's not like you grandma want to take care of you ass anymore . and if Orlando go ? you should get the hell out of here while you can . sayra ( sarcasticly ) and leave this ? clarissa pendeja . yamila I wish I could go with you . 4a 5 a yamila hug sayra firmly . yamila I will pray for you . sayra and clarissa continue on , we linger for a moment on yamila who sadly watch they walk away . she finish off the butt and drop it to the ground . we pan away from she to catch up to sayra and clarissa as they enter they neighborhood , past vendor , cat - calling boy who they give the finger and soccer play child . sayra and clarissa climb into the room from a window . they 4a laugh as they fall to the floor -- int . house - continuous 5 -- landing on a stain mattress , half cover with a wear flower print sheet in a tiny , sparse room with two other similar mattress on the floor . clothes , sheet and blanket sit in tidy pile along the wall . orlando , 19 , sayra 's almost equal in age uncle , wait for she in the room . he have kind eye , but you can tell he 's irritate with she . she react , shrugging in a '' what do you expect ? '' kind of way . orlando he 's here . clarissa trip over a backpack . sayra quickly stuff it under a shelf . orlando come on . ( beat ) we have a front door you know . sayra trip Orlando , sweeping he back leg just as he stumble into the next room , a compact concrete space that double as a kitchen and a bedroom . the girl try to contain they laughter before enter . sayra pause , she mood shift , she look nervously at clarissa . to comfort she , clarissa press they forehead together ... the next room -- serious face sayra look around , a old 5a woman , nana , glare up at she . lying on a blanket cover couch , she sick eye guide we to a some seat where Orlando sit down abruptly , next to he pregnant girlfriend , ceci , 19 , and ... horacio , mid-thirty . bushy eye-brow and weathered face in mid-conversation with nana . he see sayra , he eye redden as he stand , sniff and wiping he nose gruffly . sayra stop in the doorway , clarissa hover behind she . horacio open he arm , gesture for she to hug he . horacio if I do not know I would not recognize she . sayra stay in the doorway , cross she arm and wait . orlando go on . horacio indicate again he 's wait for she to hug he . horacio ( try hard ) you be all ... like a real woman . she relent , approach and stick out she hand , in a cordial , but cold handshake . horacio reciprocate warily . nana she 's do nothing but talk about you . appall and embarrassed , sayra retreat . nana you will have lot of time together , now . horacio I wish mami , but with yessenia alone with the kid ... we will leave tomorrow on the congolén . nana so soon ? you can not stay longer ? ( to sayra ) you pack ? sayra no. nana then you better get start . sayra I do not want to go . this come as a shock . nana the hell you do not . sayra I never say I would go for sure . the entire room break into noise . nana it 's what 's best . sayra I do not want to go with he . do you want I to leave , nana ? the old woman do not exactly say no , it 's pretty clear she would rather the girl leave . sayra look around the room . the attention and pressure infuriate and hurt she . sayra walk out of the house . suddenly clarissa be leave behind , awkwardly , in the room -- she turn and look at Orlando . ext . tapachula train yard ( aka LA bombilla ) , mexico — day the train yard , populate with about 50 central american immigrant , have four track and a abandon passenger platform . El casper and the boy , now know as smiley , sit on the platform . El casper , visibly bored , watch over the immigrant like a shepherd . smiley copy casper whenever he adjust he sit position . lucresia , a transvestite with boxer short hike up over a tight T-shirt and a bucket balanced on she head saunter by . she have a sassy sense of humor with rapid-fire response to anyone who make a comment to she . she notice smiley -- the '' new '' member and make a sarcastic comment . casper ignore she but notice she be also sell colorful felt flowers from a plastic bag . his cell phone beeps . he pull out the phone . text message : onde stas ? he stuff the phone back in he pocket , eager it seem , to move . casper whistle at lucresia , call she over . ext . colonia confeti bridge - tapachula , mexico - day El casper and smiley walk across a metal bridge span a oily creek fill with garbage . on the other side four kid fish despite the pollution . one of they be draw a ms13 '' x3 '' on the bridge . kide casper ! they jump up and flash the gang 's sign . El casper kick one of they in the butt then hurry on . ext . market hill clapboard house - day he start to climb through the window of a simple look one - story house , but stop and turn around to smiley . EL casper wait here . smiley how long ? El lil ' mago say we be suppose to stay in La bombilla - EL casper - not long . he climb into the window . int . bedroom - continuous a 15 year - old girl , martha marlen , lie sleep on a couch . casper admire she peaceful , smooth face , sleepy eye , sweat bead on she forehead . he gently sit down next to she and lean forward , but before he can kiss she she awaken , lay out a barrage of slap and catch he by surprise . EL casper stop it ! what be you do ? he grab she flail hand and force she back , fall on top of she . 10 martha marlen get off of I . EL casper you go to calm down ? martha marlen you better get off of I or I 'il scream , I swear to God I will . faking like she 's go to scream , El casper cover she mouth with he . they give each other one long wet kiss . martha marlen ( cont ’d ) I still hate you . El casper reach around to he back pocket and pull out the nylon flower . martha marlen 's eye light up . she take the flower and push El casper off of she , disappear into the live room / kitchen . he can hear she fiddling with a bucket of water . EL casper ( El casper yell to she ) they do not need water . she come back in hold the flower in the cup . martha marlen I know . she set they down next to she bed . El casper watch she adoringly . she catch he , smile , then pull off he hoodie and shirt all at once . his body be cover in the same tattoo as El lil ' mago : the three point of la vida loca on he hand , a rosary around he wrist , '' perdoname madre mia '' on he neck and over he heart a still raw '' martha marlen . '' he hug she tight , breathe in she scent , then pull she down to he and roll on top of she . they kiss again . ext . martha marlen 's house - day 10 smiley try to look through the window but can barely hold himself up long enough to see El casper and martha marlen move sexually on she bed . 11 10 . he slip down , he eagerly try to pull himself back up , but be too weak from the baptism . he sit down , disappointed . ext . roof top - tegucigalpa , honduras - dusk 11 sayra watch the movement of the city from this vantage point . Orlando approach she from behind . she say nothing to he . he sit down quietly , appreciate the view . sayra they be go to build a golf course there . ( beat ) you like golf ? orlando I have never play . sayra I neither . ( beat ) I understand why you have want to do this trip . I be not sure yet if I understand why I should . ( beat ) I have just go along , bad shit happen and I just go along with it . just like you baby and ceci will have to , with out you . orlando if you want to stay , nana will not force you to go , but ... sayra I do not care . I do not need he . I could go north on my own if I want to . orlando good , then send I money when you get there . you be fifteen sayra , you really think you could do this on you own ? it 's dangerous , you have hear the storey . you need a coyote , you know how much that cost ? she shrug . 12 11 . orlando come with we . I know it will not be easy there either , but at least you will have we . there 's nothing for you here . nothing . she grind the ground with she shoe . sayra if I go , it would not be for he and it would not be for you neither . it would be for I . I have make my own decision . orlando Fine . sayra alright , then I 'il think about it . you can tell he that . the first sharp brass note of '' cancion mixteca '' play by a rag brass band key-note with a marimba echo over the hum of a river ... ext . suchiate river - guatemala -— day 12 super : 3 day later , 1800 mile south of the U.S. border Left side super : tecun uman , guatemala right side super : ciudad hidalgo , mexico nothing more than a brown , 200 yard wide river divide the two country . we pan down from the landscape to a bird - eye perspective of the river . the source of the key note in the music float onto screen ... a marimba ( look like a oversize xylophone ) play by two men on a raft make of intertube and wooden palettes . four similar raft float into view . the one move right be cramped with people -- the one move leave , product . boy with long pole push the raft forward . we move towards one of that raft with people , where everyone except for sayra stare eagerly at the come mexican shore . she stare at the surreal look marimba raft . 13 14 12 . horacio sit on the front of the raft . his bushy eyebrow drip sweat as he join Orlando in prayer . horacio & orlando ... amen . horacio cross he chest and look back at he daughter , who seem to ignore they both . they raft wobble before it hit the shore , she clenches the wooden board , she knuckle whiten . horacio step off and turn to help sayra , but she still sit with she back to they , freeze . he turn and walk away along with Orlando . sayra notice they be not wait for she . she stand awkwardly and run to join they . ext . ciudad hidalgo —- continuous 13 sayra catch up to horacio and Orlando , who stand freeze in front of two judicial police officer . judicial officer # 1 welcome to Mexico . paper ? the officer grab the three of they by the neck and force they into a concrete building . int . concrete build - continuous 14 several other nervous immigrant sit on the floor in front of another judicial officer . horacio ( whisper ) do not worry , we will be okay . sayra and orlando do not look convinced . they be petrify . judicial officer # 2 okay , friend , first you will empty you pocket of any and all form of money and valuable . then you will take each item of clothing off and place it on the floor in front of you . start with you shoe . they hesitate . judicial Officer # 1 knock a immigrant man in the head . 15 13 . they all strip quickly to they underwear as the judicial officer rifle through they clothes , cut open seam and open they bag to collect they money . horacio look at he cut clothes with steaming anger . embarrass , sayra cover herself as best she can . int . martha marlen 's bedroom —- day 15 martha marlen and El casper ( know as willy to she ) lay half - naked in bed . El casper take photograph of she with the digital camera . martha marlen be shy , she hold she hand up defend herself from the lens , but secretly be amused with it . El casper adjust the black stringed necklace wooden tablet with saint ANTHONY *** skirt she collarbone , then snap another . he lay down next to she to inspect the photo . her finger caress he tattoo while he figure out how to replay the image . martha marlen willy , will you give I one , too , one with you name on it ? EL casper no. martha marlen no ? why not ? EL casper you want to look ugly like I ? she roll over , sighing ... EL casper I like you just the way you be . martha marlen I be bored . EL casper why ? martha marlen we never go out , we never do anything , just this . take I somewhere ? 16 14 . EL casper where ? martha marlen anywhere . some place you like ... somewhere you go when you be not here . EL casper why go out ? when we be together , we get all we need in the world , right here . martha marlen do you have another girl in you hood ? EL casper what ? no . of course not . martha marlen if I find out you do , I swear to God ... martha marlen make a scissors sign with she hand , look down at he private . she giggle . EL casper what ? martha marlen you be shrink ! El casper look down at he private and shrug . he turn a little red , but overcompensate when he say ... EL casper it 's natural . it ’1ll come back . he pin she down and start kissing she again , quickly snap another photo . ext . colonia confeti bridge - day 16 it 's late in the day as El casper and smiley walk back into colonia confeti . smiley so , do she have a friend for I ? casper stop smiley , search for intent in he face , as if he mean it as a threat . 17 15 . EL casper you can not ever tell lil ' mago I take you to that house , understand ? no one can know . smiley ( intimidate ) okay - EL casper - not a fuck word . casper lighten up on he . EL casper we will get you cherry pop . not just with a diecioyo , but with a girl , too . ext . ciudad hidalgo countryside - day 17 horacio lead a startle , if not more vigilant , Orlando and sayra in a fast march along a irrigation ditch in a green field . they clothes be stretch and they shoe cut up . the air be fill with fly , mosquito and other annoying pest . sayra slap she own neck and moan . horacio again . sayra and orlando 9-0-8-5-5-5-0-1-8-7 horacio again . sayra we get it . horacio say it again . sayra I say we get it . horacio stop and look at they sternly . horacio you need to know this number , in case anything happen , yessenia will help you . 18 19 16 . orlando how much more , carnal ? horacio six hour , maybe more . Orlando look back at sayra , aghast . horacio this be a adventure little brother , we be adventurer . ( beat ) easy or hard , we go on . horacio march on . horacio now , say the number again . ext . EL lil ' mago 's house , colonia confeti - dusk 18 in the cramped alleyway of the colonia , El lil ' mago 's house hum with reggaetone beat . the front yard somehow fit the moth - ball carcass of a older model american car . Children pretend to drive inside . EL casper welcome to the destroyer . int . EL lil 's mago 's house - continuous 19 it 's a grimy home of small , concrete room , poorly organize and stuff with detritus . the wall look like the grimy tile of a subway bathroom , the room contain stain mattress and improvise furniture . as El casper greet the inhabitant , all respond with the '' m '' " S " hand sign . EL bomba sup casper ? do he get a chavala * yet ? ( diecioyo , 18th Street gang * ) El bomba stand over a two range counter top stove warming corn tortilla . open can of vegetable litter the counter . a teenage girl , KIMBERLY , help he prepare the food . EL casper no. 19 a 17 . smiley take in the space while nervously touch the scabbing mark on he face . he gesture to EL smokey and EL picaro irone they clothes with they shirt off . they be cover in tattoo . EL casper ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) El smokey and El piqaro . they get in today from San salvador . thirsty ? El casper grab a tampico from a watery bucket in the kitchen and hand one to smiley while lead he deeper into the house , there be girl , and at least four little kide who belong to they walk about . EL turbino , a skinny mara , lay over a chair as El peluguin apply a tattoo to he . a cigarette dangle from he mouth . EL casper ( cont ’d ) El turbino . ' cause he smoke like one ... EL peluquin stand over El turbino , hunch like a scare - crow . EL casper ( cont 'd ) ..- and El peluquin . he can not sit down ' cause he 's bleed from the ass . hemorrhoid . they cross a patio to another room contain a tv and part 19a for building pipe gun , machete , bat , chain and other sundry weapon . at the end of the room , a alter to a unknown Saint be adorn and candle . smiley point at a chimba , a home - make pipe gun . EL casper when you earn it . for now , you share like everyone else , what 's from La mara be for la mara . in the back room , El sol catch a glimpse of El casper , he nod to lil 's mago . EL casper ( cont ’d ) El sol , be the segunda palabra . El lil ' mago play with he kid while he girl , diana , 18 , nag he in one ear . the girl do not stop nag , even when he get up to greet El casper and smiley . 19b 18 . EL lil ' mago my boy have arrive ! EL casper sup lil ' mago ? EL lil ' mago how would he do ? casper shrug , El lil ' mago look disappointed . EL lil ' mago ( to smiley ) you go to La bombilla ? EL casper yeah , we do not see nothing . El lil ' mago eye El casper sadly , then turn he attention back to smiley . EL lil ' mago well , I get a little something for you anyway , smiley . he lead they back to the back patio past a break shrek pinata on the ground . candy rapper lay scattered about . one young child sit amongst the trash , poke around for a fresh piece of candy . El lil ' mago burp he kid , who be start to pass out on he shoulder . EL lil ' mago wait here . El lil ' mago and El casper disappear down a darken alley . smiley stand by himself uncomfortably , two marero play '' paper , rock , scissors '' while another be dry-hump a girl in a darken corner . three kide , the same one who be fishing on the bridge , watch from the top of they neighbor shack . they notice smiley . benny oh ! benito ? how have you get in there ? smiley look up at they . they be the same kid from the bridge . 19b 20 19 . smiley my name be smiley now ... smiley . benny no way ? Holy cow ! ( beat ) so how have you get in there ? smiley I be a marero , stupid . smiley show they he bloody knuckle . they look impressed . El casper come back , motion for smiley to follow . smiley throw the '' m- S '' sign to the kid , they sign back . ext . shack alley - dusk 20 El casper lead he through the colonia to a dimly light shack . El lil ' mago open the door and turn on he flashlight . Inside a beat immigrant be tie up , he face cover in coagulate blood . smiley look disgust . EL lil ' mago El sol find he today amongst a group of pollito ... in La bombilla . El casper flash a look at El lil ' mago , who lift up the man 's shirt , revealing a xviii tattoo ( 18th Street ) across he stomach . he look at El casper and smiley , amused . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) this be mara-land pinche chavala - bleeding immigrant ( cry ) I tell you , I do not do that shit no more . please . I be just go north . EL lil ' mago after we kill you , we be go to cut you up into 18 tiny piece and feed you to we dog . El lil ' mago raise he pistol . the man writhes like a wounded snake to avoid the pistol . bleeding immigrant please , I have a family , I do not do that shit no more ... 20 . smiley smirk nervously at the man . El casper be stoic , he know what be about to happen and he do not want to do it . he 's sick of it . El lil ' mago hand he a snub nose .38 special . smiley be surprised . he motion to himself as if to say '' who I . '' EL lil ' mago once a diecioyo always a diecioyo , smiley . help he casper . smiley can only stare at the gun , he heart race . El casper take it , cock it , then place it carefully back in smiley 's hand . EL casper ( patiently ) we will do it together . okay ? ( beat ) aim for he head . smiley nod , mentally prepare himself , but he knee shake , he stomach queasy . they raise they weapon , El casper gently adjust smiley 's nervous aim , positioning it over the man 's body . El lil ' mago cover he child 's ear . EL cuervo ( cont ’d ) bleeding man on three ... please , for the love of Jesus - — ( beat ) ( beat ) one , two , three - fuck you , mierdaseca , fuck you ... smiley close he eye as El casper first , then he , open fire . the flash illuminate they face . El casper kneel down and listen . the man still breathes . blood flood towards they foot . smiley , only wear flip - flop , back up to avoid it . El lil ' mago rub 's smiley head playfully . smiley be green . EL lil 's mago watch the blood run , smiley . you do that . casper reload he chimba with another shotgun shell , cock it ... 21 22 21. ext . tapachula train yard ( aka LA bombilla ) - dusk 21 ..- bang . casper 's shot echoe across the train yard -- illuminate by the fade light of day and the radio tower that cast a blue-green glow over it 's four track and abandon passenger platform and station . horacio , Orlando , and sayra stumble in , exhaust . they take in the space : 150 hundre immigrant meander in the yard , huddle in group , sit on the track and chat . some look exhaust like sayra and she family , some look scared , some look outright scary . various men stare at sayra and make comment - she 's a stand - out . horacio glare at they , then steer she protectively towards the abandon platform . suddenly , the entire crowd move , like a school of fish avoid danger . horacio turn to see what everyone be flee from . it 's nothing , two station security guard with shotguns . that close calm down . some , who run , be already a hundred foot away . horacio and Orlando breath a sigh of relief . lucresia , observe the movement of the crowd , laugh with another local about how the immigrant move like a school of fish . a immigrant snap at she , she snap back . ext . abandoned station platform - continuous 22 Orlando help sayra up onto the concrete ledge of the abandon station . he pull she shoe off . she wince from the pain . her foot be swollen and blister . orlando ( cont ’d ) you just walk too much today . sayra wince again as he place he bag under she calve . orlando let they air out . horacio we will buy she some water . orlando we have no money . 22. horacio pull out a small toothpaste tube from he backpack . he screw off the lid and with a string , pull out a small twist of peso and US dollar . both Orlando and sayra be surprised . horacio , pleased with himself , hand Orlando the peso . horacio ( cont ’d ) two big bottle . horacio look at sayra 's foot . he reach to touch they - sayra - no-no-no . he reach for she foot again . sayra ( cont 'd ) no ! horacio sit in a awkward silence next to he daughter , stare at she foot . horacio you second toe be longer than you big one . sayra look at she foot self consciously . horacio ( cont ’d ) that mean you be a fast runner . he pull out a fold xerox map of Mexico . horacio ( cont ’d ) look . this be how far we get today . see ... he place he finger at they position on the southern border of mexico with guatemala , trace along a rail line that traverse Mexico to the north-eastern border of mexico ... horacio ( cont ’d ) ... if la migra * ( border patrol * ) do not get we , we will be here in two week - — sayra two week , chucha ?! horacio maybe three . 23. ..- he finger arrive at a town call reynosa , south of brownsville , Texas . horacio ( cont ’d ) there ... we cross . sayra New Jersey ? horacio it 's not on the map . he look at she , she seem pale . horacio ( cont ’d ) be you nervous ? about the train ? bandit ? sayra seem lose in think . horacio motion to the hundred of immigrant around they . horacio not half this people be go to make it . ( he let 's this sink in on she ) but we will . he put the map in he wallet . a picture of a woman peek out . sayra pull the picture out : a woman hold two little girl , 4 & 5 , with horacio smile behind they . the photo only remind she of who she father have be spend he last ten year with . she do not like it . horacio ( cont ’d ) yessenia 's not as pretty as you mother be but she have a good heart . horacio notice a wooden bracelet on sayra 's arm with image of saint . sayra pretty girl . horacio thank you . he take the picture back and look at it longingly . he flip it over and caress a lady handwritten note , '' vuelve pronto . '' he notice sayra still look at the photo . 24 . horacio ( cont 'd ) keep it . they be you family now , too . sayra I do not want a picture of you family . she gently push the photo back towards he . he put it back in he wallet . horacio ( cont ’d ) I do not expect you to just forget everything that 's happen , but I would like you to try to understand I do what I have to do . sayra horacio , we do not need to act like other father and daughter , we do not even need to be friend , okay ? we be adult , as far as I be concerned , you be take I with you , I be grateful . Orlando throw horacio the bottle , who pop it open and hand it to sayra . horacio here . lucresia saunter by , announce she product with a lazy drawl ... lucresia ( 0.s. ) tortillas , soup , coffee ... horacio I be go to call home . he walk towards the impromptu cafe where other immigrant be line up to use the phone . Orlando yell after he ... orlando 9-0-8-5-5-5-0-1-8-7 then break into laughter together . sayra I remember he handsomer . 23 25 . orlando ah , no . I be the handsome one in the family . sayra smile . orlando ( cont ’d ) so , be not so bad , be it ? ( beat ) do not act like you be not a little bit happy . sayra if he be not deport we would not be here . orlando that do not matter anymore . sayra it do to I . ext . EL lil ' mago 's back patio - dusk smiley sit by himself . he seem sick and slightly bewilder . El lil 's mago sit down next to he , rub he neck in a brotherly way . EL lil 's mago the first time be like that . you will feel better , you be part of a family with thousand of brother . where ever you go , there will be someone to take care of you . smiley nod , he stare at the child play in the candy rapper trash , then at two dog eat a bowl of raw meat on bone . El bomba come out of the house with tortilla , a bowl of vegetable and bean . kimberly follow he with the bucket of soda . EL bomba eat . El lil ' mago rise , grab a tortilla and roll it in he hand , join El casper smoking a cigarette . casper hand the butt to El lil 's mago to share . lil 's mago hold he kid on he lap . 26 . EL lil 's mago hungry ? El casper shake he head . his cell phone beeps . he look at it , another text from martha marlen : viene of no ? . he stuff the phone away . EL lil 's mago who be that ? EL casper dunno , no caller id . EL lil 's mago I hate that , you know , when people do not show they number ? it 's really impolite . El lil 's mago study El casper 's response , he nod . casper finish off the cigarette and scrape it out . the ember flare as they die . everyone in the yard stuff they mouth . EL lil ' mago El sol do not see you today , in La bombilla . EL casper we must have just miss each other . EL bomba El peluquin and turbino be do dish tonight . EL turbino eh , we do they yesterday . EL bomba and I cook yesterday ... so ? you go to have we guest do they ? El turbino look at pigaro and smokey shyly . his food hang on the side of he mouth . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) ( to El casper ) so , El sol do not see you and it take four day to find a chavala for smiley ? ( he pause , search casper 's face ) ( mas ) 24 27 . EL lil ' mago ( cont 'd ) ( continuacién ) it 's cool , I do not know , I guess I just miss see you more , carnal . remember the old day ? in brownsville , we use to kick it like royalty . El casper half smile , wistfully . EL lil 's mago sometimes I wish we could just go back to that day . El lil ' mago give El casper a drunken kiss on he forehead , then put he toddler on El casper 's lap . he stroll across the patio and grab kimberly . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) casper , you look like shit , man . smile sometimes . he motion to some of the other girl in the yard , before drag kimberly into he room . El casper stare into lil 's mago 's baby 's drool face . ext . crow nest , LA bombilla - night 24 El casper and martha marlen be perch in a 30 foot tower 's basket overlook the train yard . the city light twinkle in front of they . down below , smiley throw pebble at the ground , visibly bored . El casper video she with the camera ... martha marlen stop . he look disappointed , hide behind the camera . her finger lazily caress he ankle ... martha marlen ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong ? El casper turn the camera off . EL casper nothing . why ? we be out of you room , be not you happy ? she do not have a answer , she just sense it . he kiss she on she mouth until she have to push he away to breathe . he grab she breast with one hand , unzip she pants with the other . 28 . martha marlen ( cont ’d ) no. just hold I . El casper sigh , then lay down on she lap . martha marlen why do you guy hang out here ? EL casper ' Cause . martha marlen why ? EL casper why do you care ? martha marlen dunno . EL casper we be do this for month and you be not never ask so many question , until recently . martha marlen I do not know . I guess I just wonder what you do all day ? EL casper nothing interesting . martha marlen hesitates before ask he ... martha marlen willy ... you kill people ? he stand , look over the sea of immigrant in the train yard below . EL casper no. martha marlen never ? you can tell I , you know . EL casper not people ... chavalas * and sometimes stupid ass immigrant . if they be uncooperative bad thing happen . it 's they own fault . he notice she think about what he just say . 29 . EL casper see this train here ? this be we train . what would you say if I say that you and I should get on it right now and take it all the way to Texas ? have you ever be to Texas ? martha marlen you know I have not . EL casper there 's this spot on the highway to Houston , a gigantic field of flower , and the sky be all blue with puffy cloud . it look like the cover of a magazine . martha marlen lean on he . EL casper we could go to six flag . martha marlen I have school in five hour , stupid . somehow the rejection hurt he . he play it off ... EL casper I know ... I be just play . ( beat ) sort of . martha marlen tell I you love I . EL casper I love you . martha marlen tell I you be go to stop hide I . EL casper I do not - martha marlen you do , you hide yourself from I . EL casper you know all there be that 's worth know about I . 25 30 . feeling that he 's block she out again , she temper flare . she climb down . ext . base of crow nest - continuous 25 El casper follow martha marlen down to the base of the tower . smiley sit at the bottom , smoking a cigarette . martha marlen storm past he . EL casper wait . martha marlen ( cont ’d ) ( to El casper ) you think I do not know what you do ? all day with you friend ? party with girl , fuck around and stuff . martha marlen look at he , wait for a response . El casper 's attention drift 0.s. out of the darkness , El sol approach they , flanke by four other . EL SOL El casper , smiley . El casper freeze . EL casper sol , sup carnal ? EL SOL sup . smiley sup , sol . El sol take martha marlen in with he eye , appreciate she beauty . EL SOL who 's this ? El casper motion to martha marlen . EL casper martha marlen , El sol -- El sol , martha marlen . 31 . martha marlen greet El sol with a certain amount of apprehension , he shake she hand . El sol look at she but address El casper . EL SOL she you jaina ( girl * ) ? EL casper she 's ... a friend . martha marlen look at El casper try to suppress she surprise . El sol look between they both , then at smiley , who look at the ground . EL SOL we be have a parla tomorrow in the cemetery . EL casper Word . EL SOL see you tomorrow , then . smiley Word . El sol start to turn and walk away , then spin around . EL SOL ( cont 'd ) watch you back . it will bea pack train tonight , you never know who might be lurking in the crowd . El sol spin walk into the darkness of the yard . El casper turn to martha marlen . EL casper I be take you home . martha marlen ' friend 's ? El casper feel the dagger from she eye . he grab she arm . she pull away . martha marlen ( cont ’d ) let go of my arm . 26 32 . EL casper ( to smiley ) be it okay if I crash at you house tonight ? smiley nod . EL casper wait here , then . El casper run to catch up with martha marlen , disappear into the darkness . smiley ( mimick El casper ) wait here smiley . wait here . in the distance , the ghostly whistle of a come train echoe from the darkness . smiley sit back down and start throw pebble again . ext . tapachula train yard - continuous 26 horacio reach to wake sayra , but she be already up , she eye red from a unrestful sleep . El sol and he maras walk past they . horacio keep a wary eye on they . Orlando notice they too . he take out a photograph of ceci and kiss it before place it in the bible while keep he eye on they . again the whistle echoe out of the darkness . Chaos ensue as 300 immigrant hustle to find they group . another whistle blast even louder . sayra watch the far end of the track . the freight train emerge from the darkness , bath in the blue-green glow . it 's a gigantic two -engine , 30 car beast , already cover with 100 hundre immigrant . it glide into the train yard with a stomach shaking rumble , divide the yard in half as it come to a halt . horacio grab sayra 's and Orlando 's hand . horacio do not let go . 27 33. Fighting against the movement of the crowd towards the grain car , horacio plunge into the fray . a high -pitch pop and whoosh blast from the break . dozen of immigrant flinch , jump away from the wheel of the train in a wave . horacio climb the ladder to the roof of a car and disappear leave sayra and Orlando below . they be push around by other , wait of horacio to reappear . his head peek over the edge and wave urgently for sayra and Orlando to join he . ext . top of boxcar 27 sayra and Orlando heave themselves up over the edge and walk towards the center of the car . they be at least two storey high in the air , flanke by a dozen immigrant on the top of one car . sayra clasp Orlando 's hand without realize it . around they immigrant run back and forth , yell across car . the engine clank into reverse , push car into each other , then settles . a silence settles over the yard as the hundred of immigrant wait . down at the back of the train , in the darkness at the end of the station , a immigrant yell to lucresia to bring some of she food over ... lucresia ( yell back ) Hell no ! you come here . if I go down there they 's 1ll break my ass . donald , forty with frazzle hair and a round face , poke he head over the top of the box car . donald no train . derail upstate . dozen kill . horacio turn towards he . horacio where do you hear that ? donald other . no train North tonight , maybe not tomorrow either . 27a 28 29 34 . they look at each other , commiserate . horacio slap he hat in frustration . down the line of the train , the pass of the word '' no train '' be meet with moan of disappointment . lucresia call out that she '' shop '' be still '' open '' . ext . tapachula train yard ( aka LA bombilla ) - dawn 27a the sleep immigrant lie in uncomfortable group all over the yard and train . int . smiley 's house - morning 28 smiley 's wall be decorate with magazine page of cartoon character and soccer star . El casper sleep on the floor while smiley quietly look through the photo on he digital camera . he be visibly intrigue by the pseudo - naked picture of martha marlene . abue open the door . she look like a live corpse , thin and fragile . abue benito , go and get tortilla . casper sit up groggily , wiping he face . she notice casper sleep on the floor , mutter to herself , then disappear . casper notice the camera in smiley 's hand . enrage , he snatch it out and stuff it in he pants . EL casper do not ever touch that again . it 's mine . ext . tapachula train yard ( aka LA bombilla ) - day 29 horacio be surround by sayra and several other laugh and amused immigrant . they all pay attention to horacio , who have a handfull of stone . horacio how much ? donald 60 lempiras . horacio what be I go to do with lempiras ? 30 35 . donald wipe you ass . horacio laugh . he readjust he baseball cap , like a pitcher , then take the stone and fire off three stone at plastic bottle some thirty foot away . each one fall down . the immigrant gasp impressed . sayra do it again . horacio quickly fire of three more stone at the reset plastic bottle . the immigrant be doubly amused . horacio hold out he hand to collect the lempira . Donald pay up . int . mara house - day 30 El bomba , El smokey , El pigaro , El casper and El smiley watch 80 's rock ballad music video on a television with a highly improvise antenna system . visible in another room , lil 's mago and El sol discuss something quietly . sol it 's hard , but you be the primera palabra . you get to be the example , the meanest , the illest , that 's why you be respected . ( beat ) you have something I do not have , jomi , that 's why I and the barrio choose you . casper look at they , but sol shut the door . El bomba brushes he tooth , when he 's do he give the toothbrush to El bomba . when he 's do he will give it to El smokey , and so on until smiley ... maria and kimberly sit around smiley . EL bomba ( to smiley ) smiley , do you wear anything else besides you school uniform ? they laugh at he . 31 32 36 . maria ah , it 's cute . Maria ruff up he hair . smiley ( shyly ) my grandma have not do laundry yet . El turbino pull off he shirt and throw it to smiley . EL turbino you can have it . smiley look at the shirt , excited , it 's a nice button up . kimberly sit between El bomba and El casper . she whisper in they ear ... KIMBERLY do not let you friend kiss she . she motion to Maria , who flirt with smiley wear he new shirt . EL bomba why ? KIMBERLY she just give El sol a blow job . El casper look at El bomba . both of they watch smiley . Maria kiss he on he ear as he fumble to brush he tooth . after he put the toothbrush down , they begin to tongue each other . El turbino and El bomba can not contain they laughter . El sol and lil 's mago enter the room . EL lil 's mago meeting . let 's go . ext . colonia confeti bridge - dusk 31 El casper , smiley , El lil ' mago , El bomba and about three dozen of El lil ' mago 's clica of mara salvatruchas walk across the bridge . ext . cemetery - dusk 32 the maras sit in a circle . El lil ' mago be finish up speak ... 37 . EL lil ' mago ... we still need more cash to buy food and supplies for we homy in prison . we could also use cash for El serpiente 's Mom who 's sick and need medicine ... lastly , some of we homy be fail at they responsibility . the fuck diecioyo 's be right on top of we , none of you can be sleep ... there will be corte for this . casper , smiley , you lie to I . casper look up , surprised . EL lil 's mago where would you go ? after La bombilla ? smiley look back and forth between lil 's mago and casper . EL lil 's mago smiley ? where have you guy go ? smiley 's freeze . unable to decide whether to lie or tell the truth . EL lil 's mago that 's what I think . both of you will receive corte . that 's it for now . La mara por vida . the rest of the maras raise they hand , '' la mara por vida . " smiley , completely confuse , look around he for answer , but no one talk to he . out of the corner of he eye El casper catch sight of something and double-take . it 's martha marlen lurking behind a tomb . he do not know how long she be there , but she do not just show up . she walk towards he with a hint of self - consciousness . he jump to meet she . EL casper ( hushed ) what the hell be you do here ? martha marlen smile and kiss he , notice the girl , and every one else for that matter , stare at she . EL casper ( cont ’d ) you need to leave . now. 38 . martha marlen why ? ( at the girl ) private party ? El casper grab she by the arm and start to walk she out , but El lil ' mago cut they off . El lil ' mago look straight at martha marlen . EL lil ' mago who 's this ? EL casper a friend . martha marlen notice kimberly and Maria stare she down . EL lil ' mago from Las guacas ? martha marlen ( insulted ) parque hidalgo . next to the cacahuataén colectivo . EL lil ' mago oh. my bad . EL casper I be just go to show she out . EL lil ' mago no. uh uh . EL casper come on . EL lil 's mago I can show she out . or she can wait and watch . which do you prefer ? you be not go anywhere . EL casper ( peer hard at lil 's mago ) show she out . quickly . El lil ' mago turn he back to El casper and walk martha marlen away . she look back at he confuse . he watch she go . EL SOL ( cont 'd ) carnal , you ready ? 33 39 . his attention snap back to El sol . EL casper what ? El casper stare at El sol , there be a moment of cold understanding between they . realizing he error , he whip around back towards martha marlen -- but she have disappear . wham . it 's as if the ground come up to meet he face . El bomba stand over he . other jump in and start beat he . he jump to he foot again , fight to get away . EL SOL ( cont 'd ) 26 second corte for lie ... one ... two ... three ... El casper fight back , punch and kick he attacker . smiley watch confuse . El sol turn to he ... EL SOL ( cont 'd ) you too , smiley . 13 second corte for lie with casper . smiley look up in shock just as he 's knock in the face . several marero kick he over and over again . ext . ceiba tree - dusk 33 El lil ' mago walk martha marlen down the hill past a gigantic trunk of a ceiba tree , some twenty foot in diameter . on the other side , out of view from the other , El lil ' mago stop . he sit down on one of the giant root . EL lil ' mago this be the tallest tree in the forest . if you climb to the top of this one , you could almost see China . martha marlen why could not willy come ? EL lil ' mago willy ? you mean El casper ? martha marlen ( self consciously assert herself ) willy . 40 . El lil ' mago eye she . EL lil ' mago ah ... I get it . you be the reason he 's be miss . ( he laugh to himself ) sit. I want to talk to you . she sit . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) closer . he pat the tall root , beckone she closer . she look around , uncomfortably . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) do not worry , I will not bite . she move in a couple of inch . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) so you and El casper be not just friend . be you ? El lil ' mago put he hand on martha marlen 's leg . she look as if she stomach be turn into knot . martha marlen I have to go . El lil ' mago rub she leg , slowly move higher . EL lil ' mago how much time you guy spend together ? martha marlen be freeze . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) you know what the most important rule be in maintain friendship ? El lil ' mago move in closer , right near she face . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) honesty ... he grab she breast . a wave of fear wash over martha marlen . he breathes in she smell around she neck . 34 41 . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) .-- and generosity . she pull away as he kiss she neck , but he hold onto she . she try to break free but he reach around she and pull she in . she push he , he push back . she jump back against the tree , but El lil ' mago grab she in a chokehold , rip she necklace off . he hold she in a chokehold and bring she to the ground , unzipping he pants . she struggle with all she might , but El lil ' mago overpower she and hold she tightly . he turn she over , pull at she pants , get they down . she struggle to find a grip , he arm wrap around she face . she bite he so hard he bleed , let she go . she try crawl away , daze , try to find a escape , El lil ' mago kick she from behind . her face slam into the ground hard , pierce she temple on a break gravestone . El lil ' mago stand over she , realize he may have go too far . EL lil ' mago hey ? hey ? you okay ? he roll she over , she 's go . he 's upset , like a dog who know he 's do wrong . he sit down next to she , catch he breath , rationalize . he notice she necklace on the ground and pick it up . ext . cemetery - later , night 34 El casper , hold he belly , slowly make he way down a row of grave stone . lil 's mago appear out of the darkness and walk past he . EL casper where 's martha marlen ? lil ' mago do not answer . he sit down next to a fire . his mood be somber , he tone cold and hard . EL casper where be she ? EL lil ' mago she 's go . 42 . EL casper Home ? EL lil ' mago Devil take she . this word register on El casper 's face . his emotion strangle he heart in a vice as he try to contain himself . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) you 'il find another . El lil ' mago stretch . El casper can not contain himself anymore , he eye squeeze tear . El lil 's mago note it , but it 's unclear if he feel remorse . El casper start to head into the darkness , search ... EL lil 's mago wait . lil 's mago motion he over to smiley , who cry on the ground ten foot away from he , throbbing with fresh wound . El lil ' mago kneel down next to he . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) smiley ... El lil ' mago hand smiley a chimba . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) here . this be yours now . take care of it . smiley grasp the chimba , confuse by the gesture but excited by the gift . El lil ' mago pat he head . he turn and face casper ... EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) we be go on a little trip to tondla . you , I and casper . a little family vacation . El lil ' mago smile at casper genuinely , unzip he pants and piss on a mausoleum . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) one more thing , carnal , lie to I again and I will kill you . El casper 's eye tear . he look out into the darkness , where he lose martha marlen . 35 36 43. ext . tapachula train yard - night 35 the train yard be fill with 300 immigrant wait for the train to move again . sayra and horacio eat can refried bean and tostadas . they look exhaust as they stuff they face . horacio watch as sayra separate the bean from the rice from the meat , then eat one section at a time . she pick out the seed from a pepper and scrape they off she plate . horacio you Mom do not like chile either . sayra turn she bracelet on she wrist . horacio ( cont ’d ) do she give that to you ? sayra shake she head . horacio she use to wear one like that . ( beat ) I buy it for she in the coahuitas market when I be court she . sayra I know . horacio laugh to himself , seemingly lose in memory . suddenly movement erupt down the line . Orlando run up to they . orlando thank be to God ... the track have be clear . the train 's leave tonight . ext . tapachula train yard - night 36 from high above , the massive freight train be cover with human body . it pull forward slowly , each car yanking on the next in one long clanking succession . sarya , horacio , and Orlando clamor for a position on top of a box car . the train car hammer into each other again as the train pick up speed . 37 38 39 44 , sayra 's eye be wide with uncertainty as she watch the blue light from the radio tower pass over they and towards the back of the train . horacio pull she and Orlando into he , hold they like two kid . suddenly they be envelop in darkness . anxiety tickle she spine , the hair rise on she neck . ext . side of train - continuous 37 El lil ' mago , El casper , and smiley get ready to jump aboard . El casper be bent over , nauseous . he watch El lil ' mago in the dark , a bitter hate in he eye . as they jump aboard immigrant distance themselves as best they can . they know quite well who they be and what they can do . smiley look around excited . he 's never be on a train before . he look at casper , but he be lock in a adrenaline drain trance . ext . chiapas country - side - day 38 super : soconusco , chiapas super : U.S. border , 1530 mile NORTH the train in full daylight be pack with people , like a gigantic conveyor belt snake through lush farmland . sayra drink the last few drop of water from they bottle . everyone on the car be hot , sweat , and exhaust . orlando aguas . they duck as the branch of a tree brush over they . chiapas country-side 39 the train cross the humid landscape , pass in front of a abandon village and a church , half bury with dirt and cover in a tall grass . 40 4l 42 43 45 . between train car 40 El lil ' mago , El casper , and smiley refuse tortilla offer by the immigrant next to they . lil 's mago pull out they own food and disperse it to casper and smiley . El casper hold the food , but he do not eat it . ina trance , he stare at the pass ground just underneath they . his eye be red . smiley point to casper 's food . he hand it to he without look . smiley stuff it in he mouth . NORTH chiapas country -side 41 the sun begin to set as the train curve around a mountain . just west , a great lagoon reflect the orange light of the sun . above it , storm cloud brew , casting a dark shadow across the mountain and Eastern sky . top of boxcar 42 sayra , horacio , and Orlando look tired , sun burn and thirsty . the sky open up and pour down rain . horacio tap Orlando . horacio pull out the plastic . sayra pull it out of Orlando 's backpack first , while several of the other immigrant pull out garbage bag , with hole cut out for they head and arm . horacio and sayra spread out what look like a plastic tarp . it cover at least five people . other pull out similar sheet and connect theirs with horacio 's , use they hand to hold the seam together . under the plastic 43 ten hot and wet immigrant , include sayra , horacio and Orlando huddle together with they plastic sheet cover they . Orlando and sayra laugh as they try to form a water tight seam with the two sheet . 44 44 n 45 46 47 46 . in between train car 44 soaking wet , El casper notice a sign demarcate in tonala 5 km . suddenly , the heavy iron train car slam into each other , like thunder roll down the line of car , noticeably slow the train down . the train shutter to a stop , creak and wheeze , break pop . they be stop somewhere in the dense greenery . nothing but the rain drop and creak train can be hear . El lil 's mago tap El casper and smiley . they pull out they weaponry ; smiley have he new chimba , El lil ' mago a .45 pistol , and El casper a machete . El lil ' mago nod a theatrical '' goodbye '' to the immigrant next to they , then climb up to the top of the boxcar . EL casper , distract , climb up last . El lil ' mago point at a mound of immigrant hide under a 444a sheet of plastic . lil ' mago point at they . he sign they to '' lift up '' the plastic on he signal . under the plastic 45 sayra and Orlando laugh as they drink up the leak water . horacio 's face be spray with water as they re-roll the piece together . top of boxcar 46 El lil ' mago give they the signal . they rip it off . EL lil ' mago you fuck money , now ! five unsuspecting immigrant scream as they digest the shock of be surround by armed marero . they hurriedly empty they pocket . under the plastic 47 sayra , Orlando , and horacio sit calmly ; it 's not they . sayra take a big gulp of water and spit it on horacio . 48 49 47 . top of boxcar 48 a immigrant man empty he pocket . his eye be fill with a indigestible panic as he avoid El casper 's dark stare . the water come down so hard that the drop make it seem as if he 's cry . smiley and El lil ' mago hand money to El casper , but he 's not pay attention . smiley tap El casper . he wake up and place the money into a SMALL BOX . smiley shake with excitement , intoxicate with the new power . he push the barrel of he chimba into the same man 's temple , study he reaction with pleasure . El casper look at smiley ; the boy be learn quickly . El lil ' mago turn and lead they to the end of the car , scan the immigrant who stare at he with terror . he make a run jump to the next boxcar . there , another group of immigrant huddle under plastic . El casper jump across next , he foot slip on the wet roof but El lil ' mago catch he . he smile at El casper , throw he arm over he back . smiley hesitates ... he 's afraid to jump . annoy , lil 's mago continue on . casper watch he with contain contempt . under the plastic 49 suddenly , light and water pour down on sayra , Orlando , and horacio , like a hurricane have rip off the roof of they temporary house . shriek of fear scatter in the wind and rain . sayra close she mouth tightly as the water pound she face . horacio grab she . EL lil ' mago the fuck money , now . El lil ' mago kneel down in front of sayra . he notice she . horacio ( to Orlando and sayra ) empty you pocket ! empty they , now ! 48 . EL lil ' mago casper , spit in my face if she do not look like a mini salmita ? El lil ' mago jam he pistol into she jaw and force she head towards casper . dread fill horacio 's face , he plead with El lil ' mago . horacio please ! horacio automatically grab El lil ' mago 's shoulder . he smack horacio in the head with the pistol , knock he into a daze . EL lil ' mago everyone turn around . everyone , include sayra , horacio , and Orlando turn around . EL lil ' mago ( cont ’d ) ( to sayra ) no , not you , baby . sayra tremble as she turn back around , she look over she shoulder at Orlando and horacio , but they be turn with smiley 's chimba press against they head . sayra look at El casper , she eye plead with he , he look away . she begin to break down , the fear coursing through she body , she scream for help ... sayra no , please ! no! papi! EL lil ' mago take she down with we . horacio hold he bleed head . Orlando pray aloud , cry . we move towards El casper as time and sound imperceptibly slow ... he stare at sayra , who 's eye plea to he for help . then at smiley , who be just now climb onto they train car . smiley take in the scene , the scared immigrant 's face , horacio 's bleed head , sayra under lil 's mago , and El casper 's depart stare . El lil ' mago grope sayra 's body . she resist , he smack the back of she head . 49 . the train car creak , then the distant slamm of car grow loud again . this time as the train pull forward , down the line , the roll boom awaken El casper from he stupor . he drop the BOX of money , it tumble off the train . El lil ' mago see this , he turn towards El casper curiously , just in time to see ... El casper 's machete bear down on he , slice two inch into he neck and sever he jugular . El lil ' mago stare at El casper in confusion , he face quickly lose color . El casper hack twice more . blood spray over sayra as El lil ' mago grip he gush neck and collapse onto she . she kick he off she violently . smiley , still hold the chimba to horacio 's head , notice El lil ' mago 's slump body . his eye dart up to El casper , dumbfounded . El casper snatch the chimba out of smiley 's hand and grab he , as if he be go to throw he . he look into smiley 's scared eye but can not hurt he . he let 's go of he and back up . his hand shake as he determine the next course of action . EL casper get off the train , smiley . smiley casper ? Orlando and the other look at El casper and smiley . the train be move swiftly again . EL casper go! he look at El lil ' mago 's dead body , its leg twitch . El casper nudge it . it fall under the wheel of the train and disappear . smiley be still freeze . EL casper ( cont ’d ) ( beginning to cry angrily ) he kill martha marlen . smiley look at he in confusion again . EL casper ( cont 'd ) go home benito ! go back to you grandma . 50 50 a 51 52 53 50 . smiley retreat down the ladder . ext . between car 50 smiley make a cross on he chest and jump off the train . his foot pedal fast but he momentum topple he , * roll he several time down the train 's road bed to a foot 50a path . the train pass by rapidly . ext . top of boxcar 51 sayra moan a exhaust cry . El lil ' mago 's blood wash down she face in drop of rain . Orlando and horacio reach out to she ... horacio be you okay ? do he hurt you ? horacio try to hold she , but she push he away . from this moment on , EL casper be no longer El casper , he have become the civilian willy and will be describe as such . nauseated , willy stumble to the other end of the boxcar and vomit , place the chimba and the bloody machete next to he . ext . road bed - later 52 the rain have stop . smiley stand above El lil ' mago 's body lie in a puddle of blood and water . his eye be open and he skin be blue / gray , he leave leg be go , rip off at the hip and he other leg be twisted 180 degree in the other direction . fly and mosquito buzz around he head . smiley dig around he clothes , pull out he cell phone . he check it , it work . ext . top of boxcar - night 53 the rain have stop and the sky be clear . sayra be quiet . she tremble from the cold and wet clothes . on the other end of the car , willy sit by himself . horacio , Orlando , and several other immigrant whisper inaudibly to each other , all we hear be ... 54 55 56 51 . immigrant 1 we be riding with the Devil . he will curse we all . they keep they eye on willy , unaware that he know they be watch he . three immigrant present themselves in front of horacio , offer cigarettes and a couple lolli - pop for sayra . horacio accept the gift . other side of BOX car - night 54 tear begin to drip down willy 's face . he break down but make no noise , as if he be cry on mute . top of boxcar - night 55 horacio 's eye be red , but they be wide and wary . he look down at sayra . she hold herself to stay warm . Orlando cover she with the plastic bag and lean in to whisper to she . orlando be you okay ? sayra turn away . with she back to horacio and Orlando , she watch willy cry . horacio turn on a flashlight and scan the ground next to the track . all along the train other immigrant do the same , dozen of flashlight scan for bandit , migra , and marero , like WWII air-raid search light , only here they be point at the ground . ext . top of boxcar - day 56 Dawn . the car be divide into two side , willy on the front side and the rest of the forty immigrant jamme on the other half . everyone be awake , include horacio and Orlando ( lollipop in mouth ) , watch willy . he sit on the edge of the car with he leg dangle over the edge , he eye half - close . he struggle to stay awake , wary of the immigrant watch he , but sleep overtake he . three immigrant from the night before motion to each other . two have they farming tool , machete wrap in plastic protective sheathes . the other scavenge a large rock formerly use to hold down he tarp . 57 52 . they creep towards willy quietly , ready to attack . sayra gasp awake between horacio and Orlando , both of whom intently watch what be about to go down . slowly ... sayra realize what they be do . they close in on willy , she point out to the horizon , at first unable to speak , she repeat herself until she find she voice , suddenly scream ... sayra migra ! everyone , include willy and the three attacker look at she , then where she 's point . willy look at sayra -- then the attacker . he understand they intent and grab he chimba . the element of surprise be lose , they retreat back to they side of the train car . meanwhile , the entire train come alive as other pass the word , scream ... immigrant ( telephon down the train ) migra ! ... hundred scramble to they foot , ducking and scan the horizon . some point out to the side , search for a glimpse of the raid . other ready to jump . horacio and Orlando look where sayra be point , but they can not see anything . there be no migra raid . the three immigrant who be go to attack willy sit near horacio and sayra , they stare at she suspiciously . horacio and Orlando look at she , she look straight back at they , unflinch . other side of train car - later 57 willy stand up . on the car in front of he , a group of immigrant stare at he . willy look at they and they immediately look away . he turn and look behind he . the same effect happen with the group on he car . only sayra hold he stare . 58 53. he look down at the rail pass beneath he , flirt with the sensation of fall . he close he eye , feel the air rush around he . his balance waiver , he open they again and turn to see if sayra be still stare at he . she be . Orlando and horacio check in with each other , wonder what he be do . willy kneel down and pick up he chimba ; he look around he , at the immigrant who pretend like they be not look at he , then toss it off the side of the train . ext . side of boxcar - day 58 the train be stop . horacio , sayra , and Orlando eat more tortilla and bean from a can . without anything else to drink , immigrant collect brackish water from a irrigation ditch along the track with empty soda bottle . Donald offer sayra a sip . she decline . donald it 's clean . orlando it look like kool-aid . Donald stick the bottle of water to he eye and stare into it like a kaleidoscope . donald ( smile ) clean . he grab he shirt , wrap it around the open and drink through it like a filter . he pull out a small box from he pocket and shake it like a rattler . donald ( cont 'd ) if we get sick , I have pill . he rub he stomach soothingly . sayra take the water , wrap she shirt around the top and take a few sip . she look at willy , still in the same place . she grab a scrap of newspaper , wrap a couple tortilla in it with bean and start to climb up the train , horacio grab she arm ... 59 54 . horacio sayra . she yank free and keep climb . horacio spit . horacio ( cont ’d ) we be clean out , and she give he we last ... orlando be patient with she . horacio be visibly frustrated . orlando can not yessenia send money ? horacio shake he head . horacio no , we will have to make it to the border on we own , then she can wire the money for the crossing . ext . top of stop train willy sit by himself . his cell phone beep again . it 's EL sol : greenlight . you be dead . the battery warning signal as well . willy stuff the phone away , digest the news . with willy only a few foot away , sayra whistle through she tooth . willy do not move . she inch closer , willy spin around , he hand linger over he machete . he recognize she . sayra hold she free hand up , place a tostada with bean and she lollipop between they . he relax , but only slightly . willy thank you . he stretch he other arm out and grab the food . Donald climb up to the top of the car . notice sayra and willy together , he situate himself closer to willy 's side of the train , while maintain a liberal distance . two other follow he lead , extend themselves over more space of the boxcar . then , more of the group suddenly spread out , feed up with the divide of the car , horacio and Orlando include . 59 60 55 . sayra my name be sayra . he hesitates at first , about to say '' casper '' . willy willy . say it , instead of '' casper '' fill willy with remorse . that part of he be dead now . sayra retreat back to she side of the train car . alone , willy eat furiously while keep a watchful eye on the immigrant around he . int . EL lil ' mago 's house - day 60 the maras be pack into the live room , most cry . El sol speak into a cell phone . EL SOL ( to El bomba ) -.- I be almost out of credit . call d.f. with yours . ( back into the receiver ) yes , on the train . EL bomba ( to smiley ) I do not understand how you let he go ? El sol hand he phone away . EL SOL because smiley be a little bitch ... we will find casper . we 'il find he and cut he up into small piece . smiley ( under he breath ) I be no bitch ... I come back . EL SOL ( cont 'd ) levanten la garra . mara salvatrucha ... they raise they hand in front of they face , make the '' devil horn '' with they index finger for 13 second , then drop they . 56 . EL SOL we need to elect the a new ranflero . who do the barrio choose ? with out hesitation the member call out sol 's name . he look around gravely , it be not what he want . EL SOL ( cont 'd ) alright . alright , I accept . now ... El casper . El sol scratch he chin in pain think . EL bomba we should all go , get he now . EL SOL we can not . not with all the pinche chavalas on top of we . we 'il loose everything ? no . we spread the word . even if we do not find he immediately , he have no where to go . he will pop up eventually . and when he do - smiley - I be no bitch ... EL SOL you be lucky I have not shot you already smiley ... you be not a true marero . for all we know you help El casper escape . be that what happen ? huh ? huh !? smiley ( fear coursing throw he ) no , no . I do not . EL SOL I be go to banish you from the colonia . smiley sink into a barely perceptible despair , but somewhere inside he , a response to the fear be form , anger . he try to find the voice for it ... smiley do not banish I . please . El sol open himself up for smiley to hit he . smiley do not budge . 61 57 . EL SOL prove it . prove to I you be not a little bitch . El sol fake a movement -- smiley flinch -- he shake he head in disappointment . smiley send I . send I to find ... to kill El casper . El sol look at smiley , a tear drip down he face . El sol pull out a rusted .38 special and point it in smiley 's face . smiley flinch . sol flip the gun around and give it to smiley . EL SOL ( cont 'd ) go then . ( beat ) but smiley ... until El casper be dead , you can not step one foot in La confeti . smiley avoid the stare of the man , then turn and head out of the house . annoy and impatient , sol turn he attention to the group . EL SOL ( cont 'd ) call the L.A. ranfleros . everyone must know , everyone 's get to be on the look out for El casper . he will have no where to hide ... the hatred in El sol 's face be palpable . ext . top of boxcar - night 61 you can see all the immigrant , even the one far in the front , hold onto the side of the car . horacio slap he face to stay awake . sayra sleep in between they . Orlando begin to drift off into sleep , but horacio slap he . Orlando look at horacio surprised . sayra sit up . she motion for Orlando to lay down . they switch place and he lie down between she and horacio . horacio grab she hand . his eye be heavy with exhaustion . sayra sleep , I 'il hold on to both of you . 62 63 58. he shake he head no , silently mouth that he 's okay . branch swoosh by , whipping the face of immigrant sit too high . other side of boxcar - continuous 62 willy struggle to stay awake . he unbuckle he belt , wrap it through a ring on the wagon top and around he waist again . below he , between the train car , a group of immigrant sing to keep themselves awake , they voice be rough , but they sing with conviction . his eye close for a moment , then he shake awake again . he feel something in he pocket , realize he still have the camera , he pull it out . turn it on . the glow of the screen illuminate he face . he look at the image of martha marlene . his eye tear . ext . top of boxcar - day 63 it 's quiet , other than the sound of the creak train car and the muffle hammer of iron wheel . the dawn light reveal the overwhelming fatigue on everyone 's face , some of whom have not sleep in four day . the train cruise through the large town they have see yet . a sign read islas next to the train track . the creak train roll past store and market open they door to the new day . pedestrian on the street watch the pass train , half amused , half asleep , while the immigrant watch the pass town hypnotize with fatigue . willy , lollipop in mouth , start to climb down the stair , but notice sayra be watch he . she shake she head , as if to say , '' do not go . '' he drop down between the car anyway , unzip he pants and urinate . the idea of jump off and disappear into the town dissipate as soon as he begin see '' m '' '' S " graffiti along the track , just beyond the observe stare of the citizen of the town . the train be the only home he have now . his phone beep again . he pull it out . it 's dead . he drop it beneath the train and climb back up . sayra and he make prolong eye contact , she smile to herself . 64 65 59 . ext . tierra blanca —- day 64 super : tierra blanca , veracruz super : U.S. border , 1100 NORTH the train pull into a similarly rag and industrial station as the one in tapachula . willy notice the large '' Devil 's Hand '' of the mara salvatrucha spray paint on the side of a concrete building . willy scan the horizon , look for other sign of he former '' brother . '' every lone figure look like a danger to he . along the track he spot a man scan the immigrant on the train . willy 's defense immediately go on alert . they make eye-contact , the man walk towards the train , then disappear behind a wagon . the train slow to a crawl as the 300 immigrant pile off the train . some , include Orlando , kneel to the ground and pray . willy stay atop the train , glance between sayra and a group of men he think could be marero melting into the crowd . just as he 's about to lose sight of sayra she motion for he to follow she . he jump down , tucking he machete under he arm . ext . colonia confeti bridge - day 65 smiley throw rock into the trash fill river below . the same three kide from the colonia sit and listen to he . benny you be go to hurt he ? smiley nod . the kid mimic he side armed throw style . kid # 2 you be not go to kill he though , be you ? smiley nod . benny but it 's casper . 66 60 . smiley throw another rock hard , then another , with each throw he try to convince himself he 's man enough . smiley it 's the responsibility of a true marero to avenge the death of another . be it casper or whoever . ( beat ) so , I be gonna do it ... I gotta do it . benny how ? you gotta gun ? smiley pull out the rusted .38 -- the kid be both awed and afraid . smiley smile at its ( and transversely , he own ) power , tucking the pistol away again into he pants . smiley La mara . down the track in La bombilla , the train 's whistle blows . smiley nod goodbye to the kid then head off down the track . ext . immigrant rest stop patio - day 66 willy follow sayra and she family and about 20 immigrant towards a rest house -- a small concrete home with a patio situate off the track . Inside , immigrant gather to shower , change clothes , and rest in the shade . he eye everyone carefully , evaluate -- anyone could be a look out for the maras , or any other gang that could want to kill he . horacio grab sayra , motion towards willy . horacio he 's follow we . sayra know why . Orlando watch , unsure what to say . sayra we could help he . horacio absolutely not . you be to keep away from he . 67 67a 61 . sayra horacio be you order I ? he 's a murderer - yes , yes I be order you . sayra he 's in trouble . horacio I do not care about he . I care about we . sayra be disgust with horacio , she look to Orlando for support but he say nothing . horacio , acutely annoyed , pull out the xerox map from he pocket . horacio ( cont ’d ) look . he point to tierra blanca , still only 1 / 3 of the way to the US border . sayra be subtly surprised . horacio we be here . we have get a long way to go , sayra . we have to stay sharp , stick together . we can not let anyone ruin this , for we , okay ? ext . immigrant rest stop patio - day 67 the sun have set but the sky be still light . thirty ** immigrant linger on the patio . some eat , some sleep , some re-apply make - up , some talk on a pay phone with home . horacio be in line for the phone while Orlando talk with several other immigrant about they economic predicament back home ( 45 lempira a day speech ) . sayra , fresh from a shower , sit in front of a girl who braid she hair , the girl compliment sayra 's skin . she try to make herself look pretty again . in a darken corner of the patio , willy sit by himself watch the other . no one approach he . ext . in front of immigrant rest stop - later 67a tire and bored immigrant lie about . sayra squat next to willy . sayra you go to wash up ? 62 . willy shake he head . sayra it feel nice . willy later , maybe . when there be less people . sayra then what 's 1ll you do ? willy dunno . sayra you go to stay here for the night ? willy shrug . sayra if I find any food , I 'il bring you some . willy be unsure how to take she kindness . sayra smile , then leave he to he thought . local sit in they patio eat food . the immigrant stare at they enviously , smack they dry mouth . atop one of the abandon train car , three immigrant light cigarettes , then one of they bellow out in a joke tone ... immigrant host thank you and welcome to the show ! I know some of you have come from as far away as San pedro sula to see this , you will not be disappointed ! first up on we line up , eugenio will sing a love ballad to he third and ugliest wife ... for a moment , the immigrant laugh , able to forget the hunger pang and boredom . both willy and sayra smile . he look around at the other smile face , one of they , a glue sniffer with no tooth smile while look at he hard , he make the sign of a barrio 18 , but willy do not really flinch , he know he 's just a glue sniffer . 68 69 ext . immigrant rest stop patio - later willy walk past horacio on the way to the shower . grab he arm . horacio what 's you name son ? willy ( pull he arm from horacio 's grasp ) willy . horacio willy ... my name be horacio . that girl over there , she 's my daughter , sayra , and he over there be my little brother , Orlando . they be my family and they mean more to I than anything else . for what you do on the train , maybe I owe you something . if it 's money you want , I will give you some as soon as my wire come in , other than that , I do not know you , I do not trust you , and I do not want you come anywhere near my family . do you understand I ? willy nod , he know horacio 's type . stubborn and impenetrable . he walk away . ext . immigrant rest stop patio - day willy and sayra help prepare a meal for the sefiora house , a kind face middle age woman . he notice contrail of a passenger - jet over head . he stare enough that she notice and squint to see what he 's at . willy ever be on one ? she shake she head . willy ( cont 'd ) I neither . ( beat ) in Texas I see the factory where they make they - 63. 68 horacio 69 of the the at it long 's look 64 . sayra - you have be to Texas ? willy I have be to little of everywhere . this factory have this huge globe , like a giant ball , all light up and bright . I want to climb it . sayra I ‘’1l look for it , when I get there . willy if you get there . sayra I will . I know I will . back home , my friend clarissa make I see this crazy neighbor , dofia Eleanor , you know , like witchcraft ? she smoke this puro , then tell I with she freaky voice that I would make it to the U.S. but not in God 's hand , perhaps in the devil . 's willy my girl see a woman like that once . sayra ( play it nonchalant ) you have a girl ? martha marlen 's death hit willy again . willy focus on he work again . willy no . the conversation fall into silence . sayra look at willy who seem like he mind be elsewhere . sayra you should come with we . we be go to New Jersey . willy do not even look at she . willy I do not think you father would be cool with that . 65 . sayra do not matter , he 's my father only in blood . willy and you mom ? sayra Hurricane Mitch . just sort of ... sweep she away . almost sweep we both away , but it do not , I guess . willy listen quietly . sayra it be a long time ago . I do not really remember she . I remember he even less . I be a baby when he leave for the North . she motion to horacio . willy New Jersey , huh ? sayra better to be disguise with immigrant , no ? if they come for you . willy think about he predicament . the weight of it be heavy . sayra they will come for you . wo not they ? willy maybe . ( beat ) if not now ... one day . they have get a good memory . sayra be not you afraid ? willy of death ? no . I have always live for the day . ( beat ) the only hard part be not know where it 's 1ll come from . 70 66 . sayra must be hard for the people who love you ... if you think like that . willy nod . sayra it do not matter to I if you come , either way we go . so , there you have it . sayra turn and walk away , quietly embarrassed . horacio watch , feel he continue loss of control over he daughter . ext . tierra blanca train yard - night 70 smiley slip a phone card into a pay booth . he pull out a scrap of paper with a number write on it . the first time he dial he mess up . he try again . smiley abue ? it 's benny ... ( beat ) I have be go , you do not know ? ( beat ) work . abuela . ( beat ) yes . I have a job . it 's a good job , deliver vegetable to veracruz . ( beat ) I be not alone ... I be with casper . I have get to go ... I will be home ... it might be some time . smiley notice seven men stare at he from under a lamp post . unsure about himself , he make the '' m - 's '' sign with he hand . they acknowledge he with the same sign . smiley call out meekly ... smiley quien lleva la palabra ? a young look man with a thick keloid scar from he cheek down he neck step forward ... EL scarface yo mero . a71 71 67 . one of the marero , EL pajaro , a muscular man with a crooked mayan nose and deep set eye look smiley up and down ... smiley I be El smiley from La confeti ? El scarface look he over , suspiciously , he hand drift over he pistol stick in he pants . EL scarface estas entintado ? smiley shake he head . EL scarface quien lleva la palabra en tu clica ahora ? smiley El sol . El scarface relax slightly , greeting smiley with a handshake and embrace like tough guy . EL scarface we hear what happen . be you hungry or thirsty ? smiley can only shake he head no . two car pull up , a red 1987 nissan sentra and a brown 1985 toyota carrola . the car look like shit and sound like go - cart , but the stereo system be top notch . ext . EL lil 's mago 's patio - day a71 El sol , alone with lil mago 's kid , and he own , watch over the two toddler . he have a bitter sweet smile on he face . his cell phone ring , he do not look excited to pick up the phone . EL SOL jomi ? cut back and forth from : ext . immigrant rest stop , tierra blanca - simultaneous 71 El scarface sit on the hood of he car , phone to he ear . in the back ground , inside the rest stop , smiley and other marero question immigrant . 72 68. EL scarface sup 's jomi ? we have get one of yours here . EL SOL I know . EL scarface so what be I suppose to do with he ? EL SOL use he . however you want . EL scarface will you be send more ? EL SOL thing be ... I can not really do that right now . EL scarface you can not do that now ? EL SOL no. EL scarface I see . EL SOL the word be out , jomi . he will not get away , we get problem down here at the moment , you know ? but the word be out . El casper be not go no where . EL scarface no. ( beat ) the barrio will not let he . EL SOL Va. 1 '’11 check in with you later . El sol hang up the phone . his face reveal he fatigue with this routine . ext . immigrant rest stop patio - continuous 72 El scarface be not happy about the call . he look at smiley , who talk to the senora ... 69 . smiley you sure you have not see he ? he 's get a tear drop here . rest stop owner no corazon , I have not see anyone with a tattoo in the last few day until you guy . El scarface wave smiley over , he know he 's waste time with the sefiora . El pajaro and the other marero be bored with the search . a glue sniffing man step forward . he have a bag of glue hang in he hand and yellow crust around he nostril . glue sniffer give I 100 peso and I x11 tell you where to look . El scarface join they , smoking a cigarette while summing up the man . EL pajaro we check the yard and shelter . glue sniffer not there . 100 peso . El pajaro ignore he . EL pajaro would he have stay on the train ? maybe he get off before . EL scarface what about the farm ? glue sniffer ah , ah , ah . EL pajaro we talk to the boss , the worker be all chapine . El scarface pull out 100 peso , drop it on the ground before the man . with great effort , he pick it up . glue sniffer I see the one you be look for . a tear drop here . ( point to he eye ) he 's go . with immigrant . 73 70 . he point North , laugh . smiley and El pajaro look at El scarface for direction , he motion to the car . EL scarface ( cont ’d ) smiley . El pajaro and the other get back in they car EL scarface ( cont ’d ) El casper 's one of you padrino ? smiley nod . EL scarface you ever shot a man , smiley ? smiley yeah . scarface do not believe it , but he humour the boy . EL scarface ( cont ’d ) if you see he , shoot he quick . no point in think about it . ext . veracruz countryside - day 73 willy , sayra and family sit atop another train car . the train accelerate through the farmland towards a foggy mountain range loom across the Northern skyline . everyone sit quietly , lose in they thought . they head rock back and forth with the movement of the train . on the horizon above the train , along a ridge of low lie mountain , a gigantic statue of jesus stand like Lady Liberty , it 's arm spread out to welcome they . Orlando look at the Jesus and cross himself , whisper a inaudible prayer over the photograph of ceci . sayra pray as well while horacio stretch . willy stare at the Jesus statue , search for feel again , for hope . he cross himself and mentally plead to Jesus . sayra turn and see he praying . sayra what be you ask he for ? 74 75 71 . willy too much . sayra I pray for we both . willy be touch by sayra 's thoughtfulness and sincerity . ext . veracruz highland 74 the air be cool and gray . a mist envelop the train track . out of the gray milkiness , shadowy figure emerge run along the track . they startle willy . he ready himself for a possible mara attack . his machete , at arm length , be still he only accessory . suddenly a sack of tortilla land on he lap . he look at it oddly . sayra stand and look out . there be two dozen kide and adult , peasant in simple clothes , throw food to the immigrant on the train . two nine year - old girl run along sayra and willy 's car . they smile beam as they throw another bag that sayra grasp awkwardly . Inside be orange . sayra thank you ! girl ( in unison ) you be welcome ! sayra and willy smile at each other . life be get better . the train awaken as immigrant scramble to catch the gift while yell '' thank you '' and '' God bless you '' to the peasant . ext . orizaba industrial yard 75 the train car slam into each other as the train slow to enter the orizaba train yard . willy and sayra 's car be just about to cross a bridge span a deep gorge like river that divide the town and the industrial factory precede the station . 75a 75 B 72 . willy we be go to have to jump down . horacio why ? willy the train station be gated , sometimes there be migra and judicial police . orlando where can we go then ? willy around , as fast as we can . they gather they belonging . horacio feel suddenly and begrudgingly dependent on willy 's knowledge . ext . south side of orizaba train yard - day 75 a the maras 's carrola come to a skid stop . smiley jump out with the other and run down the side of the train . the high - pitch pop of the hydraulic break scare he -- he jump back . the train pull itself into the gated yard . he scan the train car , all empty EL scarface smiley , we will go around and follow the straggler . ( to he three other ) meet we on the other side of the station . they jump onto the moving train , scarface quickly jump to the other side of the train . smiley hesitantly skitter across the coupler and jump off on the other side . ext . orizaba street - minute later 75 B sayra , willy , horacio , Orlando , and seven other immigrant run down the street , they be all out of breath . 75 C 76 77 78 73. ext . orizaba street - simultaneous 75c scarface and smiley turn down the street . EIGHT young men look at they curiously . one throw up he hand , stack letter like sign - language . suddenly they realize that they be in a barrio 18 neighborhood . they have walk into the hornet next . they start to back pedal , but the barrio 18 member get up . yelling after they . ext . industrial yard - minute later 76 sayra , willy , horacio , and Orlando on they last leg , meander down the crooked street of orizaba with a seven other immigrant in tow . donald , who they have not see since tierra blanca appear next to they from a diagonal street . he start run with they . donald Nice day for a run , eh ? sayra and willy be not laugh . they jump down onto a dirt path that skirt a canal run along the edge of the fence train yard . omitted 77 ext . NORTH side of orizaba train yard - minute later 78 sayra , willy , horacio , Orlando , and Donald emerge from the canal on to the other side of the train yard , a open expanse that face the high mountain of orizaba pass . from what they can see , there be twenty immigrant casually wait for the train to come through and no sign of police or migra . they sit and catch they breath . just then , ruckus erupt down towards the gate where the train exit . three maras , El pajaro , El sipe and El chino rush out of El scarface 's carrola . they scan the immigrant , trudging through huddle group , throw backpack around and push people . it be abundantly clear they be look for willy and make a huge , fearless stir . 79 74 . willy stand , calculate , have no option but to escape . he pick up he machete , walk back slowly , then crouch down a ditch away from the station , make he way down the track . the maras pass sayra , horacio , and Orlando . the family try not to look in the direction where willy go . El sipe pause , look at sayra suspiciously . he continue on . * ext . abandoned train car and canal - continuous 79 willy hide behind a boxcar , breathe hard , he heart thumping . El chino be the first one to enter he alley of abandon car . he turn the corner where willy be stand , but he 's go . El chino keep move . above , on top of the car , willy lay on he belly . he look around , El pajaro approach from the other side . notice El sipe ahead of he , he climb into the box car and look around . willy can see he through hole in the roof , El sipe cross the car onto the next track . willy crawl down into the boxcar through a hole . he land nimbly , then carefully peak down the line of car to see El sipe and El pajaro 's progress . thump . he look up . some one be one the roof . he step back against the wall of the car , light ray stream down around he , then a shadow . he see a gun in the man 's hand . it 's El pajaro . willy stop breathe , they be right next to each other . the wind blow trash inside the car . El pajaro stop , look down . he do not seem to see willy . he keep move . willy exhales . he wait for a moment , then slowly exit the car , tracking back towards the station . he pass another open boxcar , on the other side , El sipe stare at willy . recognition click . whoomp . a rock slam into the side of he head . El sipe collapse . willy be confuse . then horacio appear a car length down , hold another rock in he hand . willy 's face reveal shock , then relief . willy take the gun . 79 a 75 . horacio I will have none of it . horacio kick it under the train . horacio leave my family now . you bring this , there will only be more to come . willy nod to himself . he know it 's true . willy let I cross the mountain with you , I will be go by tomorrow . I promise . gun shot erupt from far away , echoing over they like fire - work . ext . barrio 18 STREET , orizaba - simultaneous toa a bullet zip over smiley and scarface 's head . they be trap behind a car . shard of glass spray over they as bullet thump into the rock car . the barrio 18 soldier have fan out down the street , make they way towards they , fire pot shot , advance in the open , then retreate as scarface fire back . smiley be freeze with fear . EL scarface pull out you fuck gun , smiley . smiley fumble for the pistol in he pocket . EL scarface how many bullet do you have ? smiley just this . scarface sneak a peak at the barrio 18 's progress . EL scarface do not worry , this guy can not aim for shit ... a bullet zip by he head - 79b 80 81 82 76 . EL scarface - except that one . El scarface lean out and start fire . EL scarface go , go , go ! smiley rush to the next car in a hurried retreat . the bullet zip all around they . ext . orizaba street - later 79 B El pajaro drive the carrola , El chino hold a daze El sipe in the back . they see El scarface and smiley in a adrenaline drain run head towards they . EL scarface where the fuck where you guy ? you do not hear the shot ? EL pajaro we do , but we almost have he , El casper . EL scarface so? because of El casper you pussy 's leave I and smiley to fight on we own ? where be he ? EL pajaro he 's on the train again . to d.f. EL scarface this kid , smiley , have my back . you do not . remember that . we be go to d.f . I be go to kill this fucker . move ! El pajaro move out of he way . scarface jump into the car . omitted 80 omitted 81 ext . northern highland of orizaba — day 82 the train head towards a steep slope lead to a mountain range . 83 84 85 77 . ext . between two train car - continuous 83 sayra , horacio and Donald shutter in the frigid air . they be all tuck into the protect under-section of a grain container car , but it be freezing anyway . horacio unwrap a bundle of dirty blanket and decompose sweater . they try they best to cover themselves . willy and Orlando hang from the side of the train car , hold they arm out , wait for long blade of grass and dry branch they can break free . willy snatch up a long stalk weed and toss it to sayra . ext . between two train car - later 84 they have pile up a mound of burnable item . they move closer as Orlando spark he lighter . finally he 's get it , and the small , damp pile of material begin to smoke . Orlando , willy and sayra fan it , blow into it . it catch and they all moan with pleasure as the heat radiate from the flame . willy light a cigarette off of a branch and inhale gratefully , then pass it along . ext . between two train car - dusk 85 the fire be only a pile of burn ember . horacio quietly stare at the photograph of he family . sayra notice . strangely , she find that it hurt she . willy climb out and try to gather more branch , but the track be sparse . he quickly dip he head back in , whoomph , darkness consume they , they be in a tunnel , in complete darkness . after a few second , they see the sky again , and for a moment , catch a glimpse at the magnificent view they have from the side of the mountain , thousand of foot below a beautiful canyon extend into the horizon . the train pass into another tunnel and darkness consume they again . 86 87 78. other moan on the train , some yell just because they think it will make they feel warmer . the sound crescendos . as the train hit light again , willy and sayra realize that they be press intimately close together . her hand innocently place on he for warmth . they look at each other , slightly embarrassed , but she do not let go of he hand . horacio do not seem to notice , he attention and he mind somewhere off in New Jersey . they enter another tunnel and be consume in darkness again . ext . highland above mexico CITY - dawn 86 the sun have yet to peak over the highland . the entire group lay awkwardly upon one another . frost cover they plastic bag and the rail of the tanker . willy and sayra be still press together . all sleep . to the right , the Aztec pyramid of teotihuacan rise from the purple horizon , and to the leave , the mass of Mexico City lurk ominously in a brown smoggy haze . the train cruise slowly through a insignificant look town . willy rise . no one notice he . he be tired , he have sleep awkwardly , and he be daze . he hang off the side of the car , he take one last look at sleep sayra , then hop swiftly to the ground . ext . side of train - continuous 87 willy head down a side street away from the train just as the last car pass by . the sudden silence be peaceful . he sense someone walk behind he . he turn , shocked . willy sayra ? what the fuck have you do ? she 's 50 foot behind he , approach quickly . sayra you be just go to leave ? willy what have you do , sayra ? 88 89 79 . sayra I be go with you . willy sit down , visibly distraught . willy oh god ... oh god , oh god , oh god . ( beat ) I can not take care of you . sayra I do not ask you to . willy Jesus , sayra . do not you get it ? I be a dead man . sayra I can help you . willy you have no idea what you have do . he drop he head into he hand . ext . on the train - LA lecheria , mexico CITY - day 88 super : U.S. border , 760 mile NORTH on the train , 200 hundred immigrant stretch , wary , stress , and paranoid , work out the kink in they body from the long hour on the train ; ready to scatter if LA migra have set a immigration checkpoint / raid for they in the train yard . ext . LA lecheria train yard - day 89 horacio and Orlando stand next to the pass train , scan the passenger . stress cover Orlando 's face . orlando maybe she go down to take a pee and the train leave she ? horacio put he hand on he shoulder , dip he head . horacio she 's go . say it , he realize how sick this make he feel . Donald , stand behind they , stare sympathetically at horacio . 90 80 . orlando so we wait here , we will wait for she to catch the next train . horacio we can not wait for she . orlando what ? horacio we keep go , or we will not make it either . Orlando be devastate . horacio comfort he ... and himself . horacio there 's nothing we can do . she 's on she own path now . int . tia tona' house - day 90 willy and sayra sit in a room fill with electronic merchandise , mismatch furniture , and tacky painting . tia tona , a middle - age woman with a large trunk - like body and a pock -mark face pace the room while tutt-tutting willy . her presence be at once tough and mother . tia tona aye casper ... why do you come here ? you have put I in a tough position . willy nod . sayra seem to be in a trance , at once optimistic and absolutely petrify . tia tona I think I can do what you ask of I , but it will not be easy , and I will need you to do a favor in return ... for the risk involved for have see you . willy whatever it take , tia . tia tona give I a day to arrange this . be you two hungry ? they both nod . tia tofa call into another room ... 91 tia tona socuro ! chilaquile . int . kitchen - later willy and sayra stuff they mouth with chilaquile . tofia sip a beer while watch they . tia tona you can sleep on the couch . ( to sayra ) do you want to clean up ? sayra nod . tia tona you be a tiny little thing , but I think I have some stuff for you to change in to . tia tofia leave the room . sayra I think you say you do not have any family ? willy I do not . she 's vato loco . I use to do side job for she on this route . sayra she can get we to the border ? willy nod . sayra and you be come with I ? 81 . 91 tia tia tofia come back in , drop a sack of clothes in front of sayra . tia tona try this on . the shower be through there . stay away from the window , I do not want anyone know you two be here . sayra take the clothes and disappear in the bathroom . tia tofia look at willy , gravely . 82. tia tona what be you do with that poor girl ? willy nothing . tia tofa look at he from the corner of she eye . willy I be go to help she find she family . that 's it . tia tona then what 's 1ll you do ? willy disappear . tia tona and what 's in it for you ? willy nothing . tia tofa laugh . maybe she believe he . she shake she head . tia tona the border ? you know what 's wait for you there ? willy ignore she . tia tona they call . willy what have you tell they ? tia tona I be not see you . which be the truth , until now . willy you will not tell they now , will you ? tia tona I always do what 's right . they both share a tense laugh . 91 a 91b 92 93 83. ext . mara house , d.f. — day 91a smiley sit on the back patio , a cigarette in he hand . his head be on the lap of a cute girl while El happy , a local marero , use a homemade tattoo gun to scrawl '' m S 13 '' on the inside of he lip . El scarface sit approvingly nearbye . it 's painful , so smiley close he eye . when he open they again , El sol , El bomba , El smokey , and El pigaro be stand over he . ext . place holder - tia tona 's house - day 91b sayra and willy have some moment of relaxation , happiness , optimism . pick fruit . play with a kid or feed animal . put on fresh clothes . just be kid . ext . mexican highway - day 92 willy and sayra sit in the back of a beat up Van fill with michelada mix box . tia tofia sit in the passenger seat , a young boy be drive , he do not even look old enough to have a license . tia tona the madrina will get you as far as monterrey . from there you 's 1ll make the delivery where tia estela will arrange for a car to take you to reynosa . we notice willy hold a paper bag between he leg . he stuff it into a backpack . ext . between train car , south of san luis potosi , mexico -— 93 day super : san luis potosi super : U.S. border , 550 mile NORTH on the roll hill north of Mexico City , horacio and Orlando 's red freight train speed around reservoir and quaint village . it move faster than the other train and they have to brace themselves for the turn and bump that be more shocking than the previous train be . 94 84 . there be few immigrant on this train . perhaps no more than 100 for a train bigger than the one they begin on in chiapas . the train pass through a neighborhood where the child be walk to class in they school uniform . as soon as they see the train , the kid begin to yell . at first Orlando think it 's cute , all of the kid run along with they . but then the kid start pick up rock and throw they . the large rock bounce hard off the fast move train . he be shocked . the child laugh as they throw the rock and yell at the immigrant on the train . adult watch from the doorstep of dilapidate concrete house , but they do nothing to stop the kid . one rock bounce off a immigrant 's head and land next to horacio . the immigrant grasp he head in pain . the duck for cover . ext . san luis potosi - day 94 tia tofia 's Van drive they down a industrial road . a concrete tower loom over they be mark with a '' ms '' and the Devil 's Hand . below be write : '' lil ' mago , El casper no pasaraé ! " he notice but do not point it out to sayra . at the end of the block willy notice a medium size car trailer load with three crash car . willy thank you tia . tia tona do not thank I , just make the delivery . tia tofa hand he a plastic bag of snack for the journey . willy and sayra slip out of the car and skitter towards the madrina . tia tofia look at the caller id of she ringing phone . she pick it up . tia tona sol ... 95 85 . ext . madrina - day willy and sayra climb up the madrina . willy open the door and motion for sayra to get in , she 's about to when she pause ... sayra why do you get to drive ? willy because nena , this be my ranfla . she roll she eye and get in . he get in after and settles in . willy ( cont 'd ) you really want to sit here ? ( he gesture to move ) wait ? do you have a license miss ? sayra no . willy ah , well , then you can not . he sit back down , then notice she mood have shift . she feel a undesirable sense of loneliness set in and try to play it off . willy what ? sayra nothing . willy scare ? sayra no . why ? I be with you , I be fine . willy you be not fine because you be with I . sayra I do not care ... I trust you . she touch he cheek . he lean away . 86 . willy why ? I do not even trust I . he lift up he pant leg . a scar cross he calf . willy ( cont 'd ) you see this scar here , a police officer in tamaulipas shot I when I be lead a group of pollito to the border , for my clica . he lift up he shirt , show another keloid scar on he rib cage . willy ( cont 'd ) this be where I take a bullet from a diecioyo , for my clica . he point at more scar across he body . willy ( cont 'd ) and here , and here , and here , all for my clica -- my family . willy point at he cheekbone . willy ( cont 'd ) I get this the night my '' homy , '' who I have be defend with my life , kill the girl I love . ( beat ) and I could not do nothing for she . that 's '' trust , '' sayra . sayra we both know loss . willy what I know ... I know I fuck up my life already , I fuck she life ... and now maybe ... maybe I fuck up you life , too . sayra you do not fuck it up . you save I . 96 int . car - night 96 sayra sleep hard against the window . willy watch she breath fog up the window around she mouth rhythmically . 97 98 87 . he pull out he camera and turn on the playback . he look at a image that he take of he and martha marlene together . his tear tattoo look strike in the photo . he turn off the camera . sadness lead to anger . he adjust the rearview mirror so that he can look at himself . he feel the tear drop tattoo next to he eye and start to rub it hard . then he begin to scratch at it , until it bleed , but he do not stop , he keep scratch . sayra wink one eye open , notice what he 's do but do not say anything , pretend to sleep . ext . nuevo leon - dawn 97 the truck speed through a desert highland with sharp bedrock mountain rise high into the sky like pile tombstone stack one against another . the town be as sandy and brown as the landscape . there be few sign of the lush greenery they see in the south . int . car - continuous 98 as the sun rise , willy still sleep . sayra notice the sun illuminate the northern plain . in the distance , sayra can see the purple haze of the metropolis of monterrey approach . sayra willy ? willy turn away , try to keep sleep . sayra ( cont 'd ) ( nudging he shoulder ) willy ? willy do not wake up . sayra look in the mirror at herself . she 's still pretty , but she beauty be hide by fatigue , dirt , and scraggly hair . she smell and notice the air be slightly foul . she smell she clothes , suck in hard with she nose , then she lean over and breath in willy . she scrunches she nose ; he stink , too . he open he eye when she face be next to he , but they only look at each other , willy do nothing . she pull away slowly . 99 100 101 102 102a 88. ext . outskirt of monterrey - day 99 super : monterrey , nuevo leon super : U.S. border 125 mile the truck pass a military checkpoint . willy and sayra watch they from above . the truck be wave through and enter the urban center of monterrey . omit 100 ext . car demolition CENTER - day 101 the madrina pull into a demolition center . El sol , scarface , smiley and dozen of other from the gang wait in hide . smiley look nervous and scared . with gun out and ready , they quickly open all the car . smiley do not look . when he turn back around , he see the disappointment on El sol and El scarface 's face . ext . cine - opera theater - day 102 willy lead sayra into a abandon cinema palace . int . cine - opera theater - day 102a willy lead she up a decaye side concrete staircase to a room cover in a layer of greasy dust . a a single seat and rotten mattress adorn the space . willy wait here . sayra where you go ? willy I be go to get we water . you should rest , you look like shit . he smile and pat she leg , leave he backpack with she . 103 104 105 89 . ext . downtown monterrey - day 103 willy walk down a crowded street . the face , both indifferent and malevolent streak past . willy begin to feel paranoid , the panic become so heavy that he force himself against a wall to breathe . he spot a telephone . he go to it . dial . listen . willy tia . tia tona ( surprised ) willy ? so nice to hear from you . willy surprise ? tia tona not at all . int . cine - opera theater - day 104 sayra , bored , begin to explore the building . it 's like something out of the apocalypse . blown out window , crumble floor and ceiling , grandiose stairway and terrace . she walk up a opulent set of stair to the 2nd floor and into the theatre 's main room . it 's a immense space , probably able to fit thousand at one point . at the front of the balcony , she see that many have stay this place . hundred of name be scribble around . one mark : '' oriana carbajal - hernandez , septiembre 2001 . '' sayra take a piece of concrete and scratch in she own name : '' sayra miranda guzman . '' she stare at she second to last name , '' miranda . '' she sit in one of the seat and open up the backpack . afraid to open the package that tia tofa give he , she look at willy 's camera . she turn it on and flip through the picture , the sound of martha marlen 's voice fill she with a rise sense of jealousy . omitted 105 106 107 90 . ext . highway - day 106 three vehicle , El scarface 's crew , El sol 's Crew and a new clica 's car , a early - eighties lincoln cruise down a highway , past a sign posting : reynosa . int . car - continuous 107 the stereo system blast beat from a reggaetone song . a d.f. ranflero , 30 , drive with El sol in the front . smiley sit in the back with El bomba and El piqaro who talk on he cell phone . smiley notice that this ranfla ( car* ) have a lot more leg room than previous car . smiley I like you ranfla . the ranflero look at smiley like he 's talk shit . smiley ( cont 'd ) no , I be serious , it 's get leg room . El sol get 's off he phone . EL SOL what do you need legroom for ? you be foot do not even reach the floor . smiley bristle . EL bomba what be you go to do when you find El casper , smiley ? hug he ? smiley shut up - El bomba slap he on the back of the head . EL bomba now what be you go to do ? EL piqaro ( chuckle ) casper would fuck smiley up . the marero can not stop laugh . smiley be silently simmer with anger . 108 109 gl . EL SOL any of you kill casper before smiley and he will never be able to go home . ranflero ( dead pan ) the kid do not have it in he . why do not you just kill he ? El bomba and pigaro bust up laugh . EL bomba and EL piqaro whoa ! smiley be on the verge of cry , inside he fume . EL SOL we do not kill little girl . ext . downtown monterrey - day 108 willy wait near the telephone booth . a older model mercede pull up and he get in . the car pull away . int . mermcede - continuous 109 tia estela , a well dress woman , slender and in she fifty sit in the back seat with he . the driver , hernan be a heavy set man of she same age . tia estela tofia tell I you need a ride . willy nod . she gesture to the driver . tia estela you have a package for I ? willy no . not until I get to where I need to go . tia estela nod , know the game . tia estela hernén will take you . you have one more with you , no ? willy we will pick she up . 109 a 92 . tia estela as you wish . hernan . hernén pull the car over . tia estela gracefully exit , then look seductively at willy . tia estela you 'il let I know will not you ? willy about the package ? tia estela if you travel alone next time . she wink at he , close the door and leave . willy slide down into the leather seat and air conditioning , amused . int . cine - opera theater - day 109a we hear the digitally record sound of martha marlen and willy echoing over the expanse of the theatre . as we hear the conversation , we see more detail of the decaye space , and evidence of the past immigrant who have go through it . martha marlen digital come on ... tell I ... willy digital I love you . martha marlen digital say it better . willy digital I love you so much I do not know better word to describe it . martha marlen digital if you have to measure it with you hand . willy digital I could not , I could not even with mile , you have like , you have like need light year to measure it . she giggle . we see sayra stare at the video . it 's the last night martha marlen and willy be together . 93 . martha marlen digital take I with you to the cemetery tomorrow night . willy digital no ... i’1l see you after . martha marlen digital come on , why ? willy digital you would not like it anyway . come here , turn that off ... let I kiss you . martha marlen digital say it ... willy digital I love you . ext . monterrey train station - day 110 horacio , Orlando , and Donald sit atop a move train , exite the station . a overpass cross the train yard in front of they , provide a welcome bit of shade from the sun . place holder -- orlando confront horacio about sayra . Orlando take a sip of dirty water from he bottle , use he shirt as a filter . orlando I keep think I see sayra ... everywhere . horacio let 's he thought drift to he daughter again . sadness cover he face . Orlando and Donald 's eye have deep dark ring and they forehead be burnt . horacio all we can hope be that she be okay . Orlando can only blink . they look miserable . migra officer 1 ( 0.s. ) down , pig ! horacio look down to see four migra officer in the back of a pick up truck parallel they , they rifle be out and they be waive they down . 112 113 94 . horacio , Donald and Orlando jump up and run towards the back . the truck slow down to match they position . they pause , Orlando double over . Donald find a hide spot between two car . horacio start to run in the opposite direction . Orlando have to make a huge effort to keep up , leaping from train car to train car . the train pick up more speed , horacio and Orlando brace themselves as the car yank each other . horacio jump to the next car . Orlando stop , then start again because he think he do not have the speed . when he look up , horacio be not there . he run to the edge of the car , but horacio be not there either . the migra truck be catch up . he scramble down the other side of the train and dash away . fade out : ext . reynosa - day 111 super : U.S. border .5 mile just before sunrise , the mercede zoom past the shotgun pierce sign '' reynosa . '' ext . town square - day 112 willy and sayra exit the car , stretch , and look around . the square be desert . willy lean down and thanks the driver , then wait for the car to leave . ext . albergue do LA divina providencia , reynosa - day 113 sayra knock on the door of the shelter . a priest , padre miguel , late -forty , wear casual clothes and plastic slipper , open the door and beckon in the entire group . padre miguel good morning . come in . 114 115a 115b 95 . int . albergue do LA diviina providencia , reynosa - day 114 they sit around a cover veranda . another group of immigrant wait to be help , a skinny man who we will call big lip stare hard at willy . willy notice and avert he eye . the sister enter the veranda and begin pass out the card . sister this card be you ticket . it 's valid for three night , after that you have to leave to make room for the new people . you will get two meal a day , lunch and dinner . please respect the rule write on the wall ... int . albergue do LA diviina providencia , shower - later 115 willy shower . he take stock of himself in front of the mirror . int . albergue do LA diviina providencia , dorm room - later 115a willy , almost dry off , put on a clean shirt . he get up to look for sayra . int . albergue do LA diviina providencia , hallway - continuous 115b willy walk down the hallway call for sayra , anger rise . Big lip , and several other immigrant block he way . big lip we do not want you kind here . willy you make the rule ? big lip you be a marero . willy not anymore . Big lip shove he finger in willy 's face . 115 C '' 96 . big lip we do not want you here . immigrant turn they attention to the fuss grow between Big lip and willy . suddenly we see that donald be one of they . willy grab Big lip point finger and yank it down , quickly grab he neck and shove Big lip face to the concrete floor . all the anger he have building up he take out on Big lip . the blood in he vein of he forehead pump . sayra come out , shocked to see willy on top of the man . Donald enter the fray , separate the two man . willy look around , everyone be stare at he tensely . he let go of Big lip , who jump back and wipe he face off . donald calm down , son . Donald guide sayra and willy back towards the dorm room . the sister walk in . sister what 's go on in here ? donald nothing , mother . Big lip and the other immigrant say nothing . int . shelter dorm room - continuous 115 '' willy , sayra , and Donald sit together . willy put on a wife beater that show less of he tattoo . Donald be quiet . he be not he previous jovial self . sayra hey ... she be happy to see he and avoid what ever anger willy have . sayra I can not believe you be here , too . have you see my father and uncle ? he nod , gravely . sayra can tell he have something to say . sayra what ? 97 . donald I have bad news . you uncle have be deport , and you father be with the angel . sayra do not believe it , nor can willy . she 's in complete denial , until Donald grab she hand . at first she laugh , like she think it 's a joke . willy do not know what to do . he try to reach out to touch she , but hesitates . sayra , unexpectedly even to herself , cry . she stand and leave the room , leave willy and Donald sit with each other . willy what happen ? donald migra come , they try to run , he fall under the train . they sit in silence . willy nod to himself , try to mentally reorganize he thought and plan . he massage the tattoo on he wrist . int . chapel , albergue do LA diviina providencia - continuous 116 sayra cry by herself on a pew . willy enter and sit down next to she silently . she lean on he and cry . ext . reynosa - day 117 the street be busy with car , music , and day tripper . willy and sayra walk near a bridge that cross into the U.S. willy notice a carload of marero post in front of it . along the water , marero casually hang out where immigrant gather to cross over illegally . they keep walk up river . ext . rio bravo shore - day 118 the mexican side of the river be a maze of thick , high weed that resemble a super size briar patch . willy and sayra maneuver they way through the weed until it open up along the creamy - green Rio bravo . it 's a encampment of immigrant , cover in the refuse of the hundred who have pass through it before . 120 98. several man rest under a tree . there be needle on the ground near they . willy we be look for a pato . one of the man , leche , late-twenty , skinny and pale like a junkie look up at they . he wear a baseball cap and a black shirt with a giant snow TIGER face . leche you want to cross ? ext . mechanic garage - day 119 a garage mainly use for tire be situate a stone throw from the river . several shady look character lounge in front of it . El sol , scarface , and smiley walk towards it . one of the worker , with a forehead so big it 's a five head , late - teens , sit up . leche have arrive , cash in hand . he hold up he finger like the '' peace '' sign . leche two . and if you could fill they for I , this two want to go right away . five head I have only get one now . leche nod '' okay . '' five head ( cont 'd ) wo not be able to cross ' till the border patrol change at four thirty anyway . leche do not matter , I get pay either way . the marero be intrigue . ext . rio bravo shore 120 willy and sayra sit on the water edge . they look at the spin sign of fast food restaurant on the U.S. side of the river . 99 . sayra we can go anywhere now . willy we will go to New Jersey . sayra it do not matter to I . willy smile wistfully . she lean on he . sayra ( cont 'd ) I be not allow to hug you ? willy shrug . willy when we get to the other side , I want you to make I a promise . sayra what ? willy no matter what happen , you will try to find you family . sayra they be not my family . willy you have get little sister who do not have a father now . sayra I would just be a burden , like I be to everyone else . willy to I no . ( beat ) and you could help they . you could work or something . sayra you would be with I ? willy of course . she shyly hand he the camera . he 's surprised . he look at she , only slightly angere , but more happy to have the camera back . 121 122 100 . ext . briar weed - day 121 leche lead willy and sayra through the maze of weed . a silhouette dash across a open in the distance . no one notice it but willy . he grab onto sayra and push she along faster . ext . rio bravo - day 122 leche sit on a inner - tube in a speedo . leche I can only take one of you at a time . willy we pay for two tube . leche shrug . he 's not change he mind . sayra notice that willy be heavily disappointed about this . he motion for she to go . leche money ? willy once we get across . leche click he tongue , no . he hold out he hand . neither willy nor sayra have any money . he reach into he pocket and give leche the camera . leche inspect it . accept . sayra be bitter - sweetly amaze . willy ( cont 'd ) you first . sayra look at he nervously . willy ( cont 'd ) go on , now . she hug he tightly , he kiss she on she forehead . willy ( cont 'd ) ( to leche ) hey , you . turn around . willy point at leche , who be watch sayra optimistically . willy give sayra she privacy too and turn around , just as he see movement again in the tall weed . 101 . willy ( cont 'd ) hurry up and get in the water , girl . sayra undress to she underwear quickly , put she clothes in a plastic bag and slip into the water . willy turn around , he tell sayra slowly and deliberately ... willy ( cont 'd ) it ' will be okay . leche grab onto a rope tie to the black inner - tube and pull sayra into the current of the river . sayra watch willy as she 's pull further into the river , there be a sadness in he eye . she suddenly understand why , he 's not get ready . a tattooed face appear in a clear . she barely have time to warn he when he raise a chimba , bam ! a bullet whizze over willy 's head . willy duck , then pick up a rock and throw it at the marero . willy dart into the briar patch of tunnel . sayra yell after he ... sayra willy ! but he 's go . sayra ( cont 'd ) ( to leche ) we have to go back . leche no . she struggle with leche . sayra let go of I , let go . leche if you get off you 's 1ll drow . there be whirlpools all along that bank . 123 124 102 . ext . / int . rio bravo shore maze 123 the rustling footstep increase , silhouettes and shadow zoom by willy . cooing and cawing sound from all direction . the turn and roundabouts in the maze become blur . willy come face to face with another marero , he entire face be cover in tattoo . willy duck as he lunge for he . he dive behind a log . his finger scan the ground for a weapon , he find a boulder and wait . as another set of footstep approach , he jump out , hammer the bolder into a man 's stomach . he look down , it 's El sol , gasp for air . willy dash for the river , but just when he get to the edge , he see smiley block he way , the rusted revolver hang heavily in he lower hand . willy smiley ? smiley look up at willy fearfully , he mouth go dry . willy implore he with he eye to let he by . the silhouettes of the pursue maras , include El scarface , fast approach . smiley can see they , feel the pressure of they get closer , he eye change to confuse , sad anger . he raise the pistol . willy smiley ... smiley La mara , carnal . bam ! smiley fire into willy 's stomach . it leak blood . willy stumble to the water edge . crying , he fire again . wham ! the bullet hit he kidney . then again and again and again . other side of the river 124 sayra just reach the shore as the second shot blast out . she scream ... 125 126 127 128 129 103 . sayra willy ! ( to leche ) we have to go back for he . leche back into the weed on the U.S. side of the river , then turn and run away . she grab the inner-tube and jump back into the water . she struggle to swim back towards willy but the current have already bring she far enough down river that it 's make it impossible for she to get back to he position . ext . willy and smiley 's side of the river 125 more marero gather , watch willy stumble into the water . suddenly they open up on he , bullet from they wide variety of weaponry pummel he body . the marero each take turn spitting on he . smiley be the only one not to do it . he look at willy 's body with a mixture of hurt and nausea . siren from both side of the river approach they direction . as a group the man disappear into the shadow of the weed . ext . down river 126 sayra can not compete with the force of the current , she 's float away . she stop try . ext . U.S side of river - continuous 127 two U.S. border patrol vehicle speed to the site , draw by the gun fire . ext . river 128 marero follow willy 's body as it drift down stream , silently observe its progress from the shadow . Pov from underwater 129 willy 's lifeless body leak black blood into the green water . 130 131 132 133 134 104 . ext . U.S side of river the border patrol vehicle follow as well . sayra ditch the inner-tube and struggle to a alcove of weed on the U.S. side of the river . she collapse with fatigue and cry . she breathes hard as the weight of all that have happen sink in . her labor breathe slowly become a heavy , moan cry . she have lose everyone . fade out : montage fade in : int . EL lil ' mago 's house , tapachula - day music fade in . the location SOUND be practically mute as the music tie one character to the next ... smiley sit in the middle of the destroyer . other maras mingle around he , but he do not look at they . he stare past we absently , as if he be look at something 1000 yard away . ext . rio suchiate , guatemala - day Orlando , on the same river we begin the film , step onto a raft with a small group of immigrant . his face show the fatigue from the journey , but there be nothing in he face that show he 's go to give up . around he , other immigrant , individual and family , make they first step on a journey he know all too well . ext . rio grande - day sayra finish dress herself . she wash she hand and face in the river , then disappear into the shrub towards the U.S . int . morgue willy 's lifeless face peek from a close pine BOX coffin . a worker staple gun the lid shut . 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 105 . ext . potter field , mcallen , TEXAS - day 135 the same pine box be sly into a grave , then fill with dirt by a tractor . a wooden cross read : '' Sin nombre '' and be surround by hundred of similar wooden cross mark with the same '' Sin nombre . '' ext . the march of mcallen - day 136 sayra walk in a sort of trance through a field of tall , green grass and flower . her face be both tired and peaceful . as willy describe it , there be something beautiful about the Texan landscape , like a painting , especially in the early light . ext . mcallen , TEXAS —- day 137 sayra walk across a wide boulevard into the gigantic parking lot of a super mall . she see a pay phone on the sidewalk . she stare at it . she decide to go to it . she pick up the receiver , read the info on the phone , write in Spanish , on how to make collect call . she dial the number she be force to memorize . sayra ( whisper to herself ) 9-0-8-555-0-1-8-7 the muffle voice of a operator echoe through the line . sayra be confuse , she answer in english '' yes '' with out know what she be answer to . the phone begin to ring . and ring . and ring . the voice of yessenia pick up the phone . sayra yessenia ? this be ... sayra . as we pull high and away , we loose she in the colorful mosaic of hundred of car .