last flag flying by Richard linklater & darryl ponicsan base on the novel by darryl ponicsan October 30 , 2016 detour filmproduction ext . sal be bar & grill - night 1 a seedy neighborhood . larry " doc " shepherd , wear a heavy windbreaker , stand idly on the street . a awol bag be on the sidewalk at he foot . a garment bag be sling over he shoulder . he study the little work - man 's bar across the street as the title " december 13 , 2003 " come up . int . sal be bar & grill - night 2 small and dark . a pool table , a few booth , not much decor . sal nealon lean on he elbow on he side of the bar , do a crossword . he 's in he late 5as and wear a cropped mustache , go gray , like the side of he short - cropped hair . he wear a black T-shirt , revealing a usmc tattoo on he arm . he smoke a cigar , chew its end more than it need . a edgy dude - you would not want to fuck with he . at the other end of the bar , cop be on a tv that hang suspend from the ceiling . on the show , a nervous couple try to explain to a sarcastic cop what they be do in the project if not buy drug . sal 's only customer , o'toole , a old function alcoholic , be watch . at some point Doc enter , pause near the door . o' toole give he a cursory glance . Doc hang he garment bag on a hook on the stanchion and take a stool . he put he awol bag on another stool and settles down with a little uncertainty . sal I ask you , you ever see this cop catch a killer or a rapist on this show ? ever see they put the cuff on some crooked ceo fuck ? wander over to doc. sal ( cont 'd ) what can I get you ? doc beer . sal what kind ? doc do not matter . sal bottle or draft ? doc draft . ( continued ) 2. sal walk back over and start fill up a glass while he continue he conversation with O'Toole . sal Nah , they be always just drug user and john ... just people hurtin' , try to find a little pleasure in life . o'toole what have you get against cop ? sal nuttin ' . what I get something against be good ol ' stupidity . sal wander back to Doc and serve he the beer . Doc look into a manila envelope and withdraw a five dollar bill and lay it on the bar . sal ( cont 'd ) you comin ' or goin ' ? doc pass through , kind of . ( about money ) keep it . sal take Doc 's money , put it in the register , and go back to he crossword . doc ( cont 'd ) good beer . sal yeah , it 's from Pennsylvania . doc how long have you have this place ? sal too long . doc it 's real homey . sal you think so ? where the hell do you live ? Doc do not get sal 's wit . doc New Hampshire . Portsmouth . ( continued ) sal be back on he puzzle . doc ( cont 'd ) Home of the navy prison . sal I know the place . doc it 's a okay town . ( drink ) so you be sal . sal that I be . doc so sal , how do you suppose I know that ? sal name 's on the sign outside . Doc smile , look around , turn to O'Toole . doc not exactly a hot spot , huh ? o'toole not anymore . doc I like it , though . it 's homey . sal yeah , you say that . that 's why I be worried about where you live . doc you do not remember I , do you ? sal I do not remember half the woman I fuck , and that 's just the one I do not have to pay . how be I suppose to remember you ? doc well , I remember you . sal look at he more closely , squint . the cigar droops . ( continued ) sal can not be . doc could be . sal no way . doc Way . sal sweet Jesus ... Doc ? doc ( bemuse ) Doc ... nobody 's call I that ina long , long time . sal fuck I . you make it , doc. doc yeah . sal o' toole , look at this . Old buddy from ' nam . I save he life once . o'toole then you must be some kind of fuckin ' hero . doc he never save my life . o'toole do not think so . sal and now he 's come to kick my ass . o'toole Long overdue and well deserve . I will hold he coat for he . doc no , I be not here for that . sal you gotta excuse I , Doc . I be shit for name . ( continued ) doc shepherd . Larry shepherd . sal right . shepherd . nineteen year - old kid . navy corpsman . doc once . sal yeah , well , we be all something once . now we be something else . doc so you do remember I ? sal ' course I do , you save my fuckin ' life . o'toole I think it be the other way around . doc you hear , I get bust down to E - one ? sal most unfair . the green weenie - they break it off in you . what can I say , dear , after I say I be sorry ? doc how 's Mueller ? sal ol ' Mueller the mauler . maybe he 's alive . how should I know ? have another beer . on the house . fuck , I will have one with you . doc you be not in touch with he ? sal saw he medevack out , and that 's all she write . doc Mueller get hit ? ( continued ) sal oh , yeah , you be not there by then ... it be not pretty . sal now come over closer to doc. sal ( cont 'd ) I still think I rate credit for a save . doc who ? what ? sal you , you fuck . I save you life . doc I do not remember anything like that . sal Captain say , Doc be come unhinge . he 's gonna blow . take he for two day to pleiku . show he around disneyland . doc I do remember disneyland . sal Hell yeah you do . doc but all I remember be gettin ' laid and drunk . sal well , yeah ... that 's why it be there . doc Mueller be with we . sal I do that too . I say , cap and , Doc 's too fuck up for one person to handle . take Mueller , he say . doc ( sarcastic ) oh , yeah , and thing be much better after that . ( continued ) sal c'mon , Doc , we have a good time , do not we ? we have some fun . doc sure we do . not sayin ' we do not . sal we do , the three of we . doc yeah . I laugh sometimes when I think about it . sal really ? do you ? doc yeah , kind of . sal why not ? you get to laugh at every - fuckin-th . I laugh at my prostate gland , little son of a bitch , laugh every time the doctor give I a fingerwave , two time a year . doc it 's good you know how to do that . wish I could do that . sal so what be it , three year ? doc ended up about two , with good behavior . sal that 's not so bad . doc it be pretty bad , but it be a long time ago . sal bcd ? doc yeah , but at some point instead of call it a bad conduct discharge , I start call it a better career decision . ( continued ) sal fuckin-a . you be alive and upright . so you get out , and then what ? you stay there ? doc do not really have anywhere else to go . sal fuck all . listen here , how do you find my lonesome ass ? doc easy . on the internet . you can find anybody on the internet this day . sal that 's fuck . Doc kind of laugh as O'Toole give they fresh beer . sal ( cont 'd ) so whaddaya do in Portsmouth , for a live ? doc stock clerk , at the navy Exchange . sal you be shitting I . doc ( old joke between they ) I would not shit you , you be my favorite turd . later - O'Toole be asleep on the pool table . Doc be crawlirig into a booth . sal be also find a spot to lay down . doc ( cont 'd ) ( stretch out ) do not you go someplace when you close ? sal like where ? doc I do not know , home ? sal it will be there tomorrow . int . men' room - morning 4 a dreadful little space full of generational stain and graffiti . sal wash he face , pull out some paper towel and dry . he look at he reflection in the mirror . this be the face he have earn . this be the place he have land . int . sal be bar & grill - morning 5 Doc and O'Toole be still asleep . sal draw a beer , start eat a cold piece of pizza . sal reveille , reveille , drop you cock and grab you sock . reveille ! sal have to stir doc. finally he wake up and look at sal . sal ( cont 'd ) you want a beer ? this be the last of the pizza . Doc shake he head . sal ( cont 'd ) I be still a little fuck up from last night . I be get too old for this shit , frankly . doc ( sit up ) what 's the deal with the grill part of sal 's bar & Grill ? sal go to rust be the deal . doc too bad . sal use to put out a righteous burger . serious meat with a nice slice of raw onion and nothin ' else , except for mustard and ketchup , of course . no lettuce or pickle or any of that crap . but people lose they taste for honest hamburger , so I let the grill go . why ? you hungry ? doc just curious . ( continued ) 10. sal there 's mexican here now , so we can get some chorizo con huevo . Hell , we qualify for menudo . you get the ball for that ? doc no , thanks . there 's something I would like to show you , though , if you be up for it . sal I be always up for it . shoot . doc you get a car ? sal I be a fuckin businessman , of course I get a car . ( stir O'Toole ) yo , O'Toole , open up for I today , okay ? o' toole nod he head , then go back to sleep . int . sal' taurus - morning - moving 6 not much of a car . a 20 - year-old Taurus wagon . sal drive through a light drizzle , on a rural road . sal I just fuckin ' love it , you know ? it 's like priceless . doc what be ? sal the navy . they put the cock to you , then they let you work at the navy fuckin' Exchange . doc I get five people under I . sal you be a fuckin ' inspiration . doc you know what amaze I about you ? ( continued ) 11. sal could be anything . I be a pretty amazing guy . doc you turn over you bar to a customer , you get in you car , and you drive I to hell and go , and you do not even know where we be go . sal I do not think it would take so fuckin ' long . Doc refer to a fold up mapquest sheet of paper . ext . rural church - morning 7 a humble building that might have be a barn once . it lack a steeple and stain glass , but it make up for it with the spirit we will encounter inside . we see the Taurus wagon in the parking lot . sal ( 0.s. ) you gotta be kiddin ' I . int . sal' taurus - morning 8 sal look at the place , doubtfully . doc c'mon , you be gonna love this . I promise . sal I do not know , Doc , you see one , you see they all . Doc grin as they start to get out of the car . int . church - morning 9 a small black congregation , listen intently to a sermon . sal and Doc enter , draw some notice , but then space be make for they . a middle - age preacher be at the pulpit with the aid of a cane . it be mueller . mueller ..-- now remember , Jesus and juda , they be friend ... as the sermon continue , sal lean toward Doc , whisper : ( continued ) 12. sal oh. my. Fucking . God . be that who I think it be ? doc I tell you you would like this . sal be wildly amused . he turn and look around at the other , want to share he excitement . mueller but , oh , how a good man can be laid low by a false friend , how havoc can follow the lie smile ... congregation amen ! sal amen , brother ! ( whisper to Doc ) the dude be a world - class drinker , gambler and cocksman . doc shhhh . sal and likely a speed freak . how the hell do you find this place ? doc the internet . mueller oh , yes , in the spirit of friendship , have a drink ... have a toke ... have a snort ... the devil have a friendly face and a win way . but behind that smile , as behind the kiss of juda ... sal ( whisper ) I think he 's makin ' this shit up just for we . reverend Mueller eventually finish he sermon , look closely at he two visitor ... a long judgemental look . a echoing of amen roll wall to wall . sal ( cont 'd ) ( shouting out ) oh , amen , brother ! amen ! ( continued ) 10 13 . mueller thank you , brother and sister , and praise the Lord for we fellowship here today . sal praise the Lord ! mueller I see we have some visitor among we today . welcome to we Sunday service . would you like to stand and introduce yourselves ? sal need no second invitation . he spring to he foot , snap off a salute and sound off : sal salvatore nealon , sergeant , U.S. Marine Corps , retire . head in the congregation turn . whisper become a buzz that fill the church . the reverend totter a bit at the pulpit , hold on . RUTH , Mueller 's concerned wife , study how she husband be respond . Doc tug at sal 's sleeve , but sal pull he to he foot . sal ( cont 'd ) and guess who this lad be . int . parsonage - afternoon 10 Mueller , Ruth and they two guest sit at a table laden with a ham and heaping bowl of vegetable and green . Mueller sit rigidly , he eye on sal and Doc , wary . sal man , oh , man , southern ham , thank you , mar 'am . listen here , Ruth , I hope this old man appreciate you . RUTH oh , I think he do . sal ' Cause if ever he do not , just pack a bag and come live with sal . RUTH you do not have a wife ? ( continued ) 14. sal no , mar 'am , neither chick nor child . I do have a lady friend , but she do not cook worth a damn . she have other talent , if you know what I mean . embarrass , she turn to doc. RUTH and you , Mr. shepherd ? be you single or marry ? doc I marry a wonderful woman , Mrs. Mueller . sal Bet she do not cook like this . RUTH I get it , Mr. nealon , you have not be eat well . sal be now . doc the light of my life , my Mary . a heart as big as ... anything . a real pretty girl , with a great big smile ... sal Nice ... doc she have a little ... slowness ... because of a thing when she be bear . sal what 's that mean , she 's retarded ? doc no , she could do anything anybody else could , she be just kind of ... delay . a great mom , a great wife . RUTH what do she do ? ( continued ) 15 . doc oh , no ... I be sorry . I lose she last January . breast cancer . RUTH I be so sorry . sal stop with fork in mid path . sal sorry , Doc . you know I , I do not mean nothin’ . mueller we pay for the thing we say , salvatore . sal well , then you can add it to my tab . doc that 's all right . you do not know . mueller you tab be long overdue , I suspect . RUTH do you have any child , Doc ? doc ( hesitates ) just one , a son . Larry junior . RUTH Richard and I have a boy and a girl , and we have four grandchild . sal Richard ? mueller ( quickly ) honey , do not you have some coffee and pie for we visitor , before we send they on they way ? RUTH ( rise ) I have a peach cobbler for dessert . ( continued ) 16 . sal oh , man , peach cobbler ... this be livin ' ! Ruth go to the kitchen , look over she shoulder at she unusual guest . mueller ( to Doc ) I be glad to see you prevaile over you hardship . doc doin ' my best . mueller you , at least , seem to have turn out to be a decent man . doc try to be . mueller I regret any role I play in all that foolishness that happen back in Vietnam . sal shake he head , as if try to defog he brain . sal what the hell do you do with Mueller the mauler , preacher ? he in the witness protection program or something ? where be you keepin ' he ? mueller I grow up , sal , and I find a purpose along the way . doc you do not have to feel sorry . mueller I always figure you for a lifer , sal . be that the way it work out ? sal I re-up , sure . I be expectin ' all the domino to start fallin' , like they say they would . I be all ready to kill commy in San Diego , but they never show up - they just all kind of disappear . ( more ) ( continued ) 11 17 . sal ( cont 'd ) can you believe people be now go to Vietnam on fuckin ' vacation ? they get they picture take where fifty - two thousand young Americans take they last dump . fuck I . mueller so you mustere out on principle . sal I mustere out with a plate in my fuckin ' head and one-hund percent disability . that be the good news . mueller how do that happen ? sal fuck if I remember . somebody hit I on the head with something . I believe drink be involved . he laugh . the other two can not manage it . later - they sit in the live room have cobbler and 11 coffee . Doc have not touch he , sal dig into he , while practically flirt with Ruth . sal ( cont 'd ) ..+. I be on the shy side of insubordination most of the time , but I could get away with it because of my dash good look and my boyish charm . Mueller snort . mueller I guess we be all just lucky to be alive , praise God . sal I tell myself that . Doc sit with he arm on he knee , head down , sink down into himself . one by one they notice he . sense they attention , he raise he head . sal ( cont 'd ) ( nodd to the untouched cobbler ) you gonna eat that ? ( continued ) mueller you okay , Doc ? ( a beat ) what 's wrong ? Doc shake he head . RUTH it 's best to talk , whatever it be that 's bother you . doc my son ... because of my son , I come here , find you guy ... maybe I should not have ... RUTH you son ? doc Larry junior . a year ago he join the corps . sal ooh -rah . doc but two day ago they come and tell I he have be kill . sal aw , shit , Doc . why do not you say anything earlier ? doc he die in Baghdad . his convoy get ambush , and they say he have unload he weapon on they and die with he bayonet in he hand . ( beat ) he 's come home tonight . they be gonna bury he at Arlington . full honors . a hero. ( beat ) can you guy come with I ? 18 . 12 later - sal smoke a cigar out on the porch . he listen to12 what be be say inside , Mueller all over Doc with sympathy and God . ( continued ) 19 . mueller .»+. and I can promise you this : someday you will meet you wife and you son again , in a better place , and all of this will seem like a momentary separation . that do it . sal toss he cigar and go inside . sal oh come on ... what better place do they go to ? Las Vegas ? Miami Beach ? mueller Doc know the place I speak of . sal well , then show he . Doc 's get a map . maybe he can find it on the internet . mueller only when you see it will you know it , and in you case , sergeant , it 's odd - on you will never get to see it . sal then I guess I will not miss it . mueller oh , you will miss it dearly , every moment of eternity . do you know how long eternity be ? sal it be not go to matter , but of all the billion of people floatin ' around in you heaven , how come none of they ever get the word back to the rest of we ? mueller one of they do . sal oh , that guy ... weak on exact detail , if you ask I . mueller I be not ask you . ( continued ) 20 . sal ( to Doc ) listen here , Doc , I be sorry for you loss , but I be not gonna blow a bunch of smoke up you ass . the worst thing that can happen to anybody have land on you , and now you get to deal with it . mueller you be a hazard when you be young , and now you be just a old fool . sal I get you fool dangle , fool . mueller fuck you . sal there he be ! that 's the Mueller I know ! doc please , c'mon , I do not mean to cause trouble . sal I will help bury you boy . I might not be able to get you into heaven , but dammit , I can get you to Arlington . Ruth open the door from the kitchen , pause , listen . doc Mueller ? mueller ( uncomfortable ) I would certainly like to help , but ... sal do not worry - he will stay here and pray for you ... very valuable . RUTH Richard , could I see you for a moment ? Mueller slowly get up . ( continued ) 21 . doc please . mueller I do not get around so well , as you can see . doc it 's just in the car . as Mueller leave the room , sal be all smile . sal oh , he 's comin ' with . that 's affirmative . doc but he say ... sal do not matter what he say . I guarantee he old lady 's gonna shame he . right now she 's in there say , " you get to go with ... " 13 int . kitchen - continuous 13 RUTH +. with that poor man , Richard . he need you . mueller he will have qualified people there to counsel he . RUTH yes , but who will protect he from that ... sal person ? mueller ( chuckle ) well , I do know that a lot of shit can go sideways when sal be around . RUTH what in the world have happen to you vocabulary ? mueller sorry , dear . RUTH you can not refuse friend in a time of need . ( continued ) 14 22. mueller Friends ? I have not see this guy in decade . RUTH you can not refuse anyone . you be a preacher . mueller they be a bad time in my life , honey . RUTH the man lose he son , Richard . they look at each other for a beat , the way long - marry people can do . RUTH ( cont 'd ) I will pack you a overnight bag . int . sal' taurus - night - moving 14 sal lean forward over the wheel . Doc be next to he , and Mueller be in the back . sal look over to doc. sal that seat go back a little . Doc start to make the adjustment . sal ( cont 'd ) I have have this car 17 year . she 's be good to I . technically it 's a Taurus , but I call it , a cli - taurus ... Doc smile , and sal look at Mueller in the rearview mirror , give he nothing . sal ( cont 'd ) you have to wear that collar everywhere you go ? ( no answer ) take it off , why do not you , and relax , Richard . mueller I be relaxed . sal never know that be you name . you ever go by richie ? Dick ? ( more ) ( continued ) 23. sal ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) you like Dick ? Mueller refuse to take the bait . sal ( cont 'd ) never hear of any brother name Richard . do not think they name they that . mueller Richard pryor. Dick Gregory . Little Richard ... sal now he like dick . even Doc laugh . the car suddenly fill with light . a semi be tailgate they . sal ( cont 'd ) the fuck ..? mueller Change lane . get over . sal get piss . sal all right fuck face , you want to play , I will play . the speedometer move to 70 , 80 ... mueller pull off the road ! get to the side ! sal hold tight . I be gonna jackknife this fucker ! mueller you will kill we all , you son of a bitch ! sal slow down and pull over a bit , lower the window , and flip the semi the bird as the truck pass they . Mueller slap the back of sal 's head . mueller ( cont 'd ) what the hell be all that ? sal 's loving this . ( continued ) 15 16 24 . sal seem like you be gonna hafta either tighten up you mouth or loosen up you collar . Mueller try to calm himself down . he 's too steam . he take off the collar . ext . arlington national cemetery - night 15 the car be park in front of the cemetery on a drizzle Sunday night . sal ( 0.s. ) where be we suppose to go , Doc ? int . sal' taurus - night 16 Doc shuffles through a pile of internet map and papers . doc dover Air Force base . sal that 's in fuckin delaware . doc right. dover , delaware . sal so why be we here ? doc I do not know . sal you say Arlington . doc that 's what they say . sal but now you be say dover. doc yeah , I guess first ... dover . they get to fly in somewhere , so they fly to dover . sal look behind at Mueller , who look away . sal all right , doc. dover it be . I be guess you get a map . ( continued ) 17 18 ext . the int . Doc the 25 . doc look like a hour and a half . you want I to drive ? interstate - night 17 Taurus wagon roll down the highway . sal ( 0.s. ) Mueller , my man , my maul brother , can I axe you a personal question ? sal' taurus - night - moving 18 drive . sal be in the passenger seat while Mueller have mueller I suspect you be go to anyway , and since I be stick here in the backseat you might as well ... sal on a Saturday night , be you still up to give you wife a good fuck ? doc c'mon sal , that 's ... that 's ... sal what ? I be curious be all . Mueller give he a icy look . mueller I do not discuss my sex life . it 's call respect for you wife , but you would not know anything about that . sal hold on , I respect you wife . of course I do . I only want to know if you can still cut the mustard . just makin ' conversation on how the year have treat you . not take the bait , Mueller just stare off into the night . sal ( cont 'd ) now , Doc here , you do not even have to ask . he do not need no viagra to fly the flag , do you , Doc ? ( continued ) 26 . doc I have not have sex in two year . sal Holy shit - why the hell not ? doc my wife be sick . mueller ( to sal ) be not you even listen ? sal yeah , but life go on . ( beat ) do not it ? mueller apparently . sal remember you first time ? doc I tell Mary all about that . I confess to everything . I want no secret from she . sal now that 's just plain stupid . never do that . mueller it be never about you get laid , Doc . it be about sal get you laid . sal duh . mueller he have to show you a good time , and he only know he way . ignorant soul . sal as I recall , you be there too , partake , how shall we say , fully . mueller yes , and I do not know any more than you do what a good time be , back in that day . ( continued ) 19 19 27 . sal that day ? it have not change much . a little whorin ' , a little drinkin ' , a little fightin' , all thing in moderation . mueller sound like the recipe for a waste life . sal at least it 's bullshit-free . mueller you positive about that ? they fall silent , crossing the severn River Bridge into delaware . ext . dover AIR force base - night 19 gatehouse - the Taurus wagon be park off to the side as we three wait while the AIR patrol guard finish a phone call . int . sal' taurus - night 19 doc wonder if anything be wrong ? sal he 's a guard at a gate - he do not know nothing . doc wonder if there will be a honor guard and all that ? sal there will be something - it will be respectful . it 's just not public - there 's a blackout on all that stuff this time around . mueller yeah , no picture of coffin , no reminder to the public . doc people should know . do not they owe it to the guy who have sacrifice ? mueller people be so ready to believe in anything once it 's call a war . ( continued ) 20 21 28. sal yep . mueller call it war , you get they support . War on drug , war on crime ... it 's all fake . War itself be fake . eventually the guard come to the car , and make the gesture of roll down the window . guard gentlemen , the body be in transit . the plane 's not due ' till 0800 tomorrow . come back then and you will be able to wait in the hangar . doc okay . thank you . sal in transit . somebody 's always in transit , even ... ext . king court motor lodge - night 20 a cheerless refuge from the rain . int . king court motor lodge front desk - night 21 the guy be in mid check - in . mueller I think I would have my own room . sal do not get cranky on we old man . Doc take cash out of he envelope . sal ( cont 'd ) whoa ... what 's with the wad ? doc they take up a collection at the Exchange , when they hear . sal see ? you get lot of friend . doc they feel bad . they want to do something . ( continued ) 22 23 29 . a hyped - up employee enter the front area and change the channel on the tv that rumble in the background . hyped -up employee you guy be not watch this ? doc what ? hyped -up employee they get he ! sal who ? hyped -up employee that sumbitch Saddam ! they get he in a spider hole ! he find a news station that be show some footage of the capture Saddam Hussein , submit to a inspection of body , etc . int . king court motor lodge room - night 22 two queen bed , a tv go with the Hussein footage , and a empty pizza box at the foot of the bed . Doc already look asleep , while Mueller lay on he bed , almost asleep . sal how 's the rack , padre ? mueller it 's fine . here they be , but where be they ? nothing to do , nowhere to go . sal just finish the last piece of pizza and stare at more Saddam Hussein footage . ext . king court motor lodge parking lot - morning 23 they make they way to the car and throw they bag into the trunk . doc I be wonder ... you never go home , so how do you get to pack a bag ? sal I always keep one in the trunk . sometimes a lady friend want I to stay over . I hate to say no . ( continued ) 24 30 . mueller be there one particular lady friend or be there more ? sal one at the moment , but I be always hold audition . ( slam down the trunk ) let 's do this . int . hangar - morning 24 cold and hollow and cheerless . a fold table have be set up with coffee and doughnut . only sal partake . across the hangar be a mother , weep . her eye be red from cry . she hold a hanky against she face . her husband be a large man , a work man , and he be angry . mother ( through tear ) I want he to look nice ... father irene , that be not gonna be the boy that walk out of we house , that wave good - bye . another circle of four - mother , father , second wife , second husband - huddle together . one more circle of three wait - a mother , father and daughter . the hangar door slide open . a Army major and a Marine Lt. Colonel come in . behind they be four coffin , each on a wagon , each cover with a flag and each with a enlist man escort . they space out the coffin . the escort stand at attention . we three move toward the Marine . the colonel step forward . he be ramrod straight , around 40 , use to be fear . he address sal in a lower voice suitable to the occasion . colonel mister shepherd ? sal nod to Doc , who stand dumbly , he eye on the flag - cover box that contain he son . the Colonel extend he hand . Doc shake it . colonel ( cont ’d ) Mr. shepherd , I be Colonel willit . the President of the United States have ask I to express he deep regret that you son be kill in action . ( continued ) sal can not help himself and roll he eye . doc thank you . colonel willit he die a hero in the service of he country . he be a inspiration to he fellow Marines . 31 . WASHINGTON , the escort , stand at stony attention . he be a young black man , also a lance corporal . something be wrong with he ear lobe . it be cover with tiny bump and look like it be rotting away . he be 20 and though teach to kill he give off a sense of basic goodness . doc can I see he ? colonel willit Sir , that would be ill-advise . trust I on this . you do not want to see he like that . doc I do not know ... I think I have to . colonel willit Sir , lance corporal shepherd be hit in the back of head . I can assure you he feel no pain ... but the exit wound in such a case be devastating ... to the face . doc they be behind he ? they shot he from behind ? mueller take the Colonel 's advice , Doc . best to remember he as he be . Doc think about it , look to sal . sal I would have to see he , but that 's I . the thing be , you do not have to listen to no colonel no more . that day be go . the Colonel seem to recoil , he jaw tighten . Washington see it and twitches . ( continued ) 32 . doc I be gonna see my son . colonel willit what you see you will not be able to un - see . doc I understand ... but I have to . colonel willit as you wish . lance corporal Washington , escort this two gentleman to the coffee mess . Washington lead they away . at the table , they turn and watch doc. Washington hold he attention stance . sal listen up , why do not you stand at ease , you be givin ' I a stiff neck . WASHINGTON ( relax ) man , never hear anyone talk to the Colonel like that . sal colonel do not scare I , kid . never have , never will . WASHINGTON you a Marine ? sal slide up he sleeve and reveal he tattoo . WASHINGTON ( cont ’d ) I think so . sal I get more time in the chow line than you get in the corps . WASHINGTON ( to Mueller ) you too ? mueller semper fi , do or die . how do you think I get this cane ? ( continued ) 33. sal hey kid . the fuck 's wrong you ear ? WASHINGTON Baghdad boil . sal say what ? WASHINGTON Baghdad boil . everybody 's get one . you get bit by a teeny sand fly . they say it will go away . in a year or two . sal that 's one ugly ear . mueller this be a big mistake . they look at Doc , who brace himself , then buckle at the knee when the coffin lid be lift . sal take a step toward he , but Mueller gently stop he with the crook of he cane . mueller ( cont 'd ) nothing you can do now . or do you just want to out - tough a colonel ? sal I do not want nothin' . I be just along for the ride . mueller yeah right . WASHINGTON so you be in ' nam with Larry 's dad ? mueller we be . WASHINGTON you know what happen back then ? sal naw , we be just pullin ' triggers , killin ' gook . WASHINGTON his dad wound up do brig time behind it . ( continued ) 34 . mueller that 's all in the past . sal what do you know about that ? WASHINGTON sounded like he fuck up some dude ... or some dude fuck he up . ( nobody say anything ) you they dude ? mueller what exactly do he tell you ? WASHINGTON only some bad shit go down . I be Larry 's best friend . no one else know anything about it . sal you be with he in the ambush ? WASHINGTON ambush ? sal yeah , a ambush and a fire fight , they say . WASHINGTON okay . sal okay ? WASHINGTON if that 's what they be say it be , then that 's what it be . sal you be there . what the hell happen ? Washington hesitates . sal ( cont 'd ) spit it out , kid . it 's just we , Marine to Marine . WASHINGTON ( nervous ) it be fuck . ( more ) ( continued ) WASHINGTON ( cont 'd ) I and shepherd and three other dude be all day humping school supplies . tablet , pencil , some new book . it be we last run , piss - off mode , sand down we throat and up we ass . one guy say he wish he be in the fuckin ' navy . we start dissin ' swabby , call they chicken of the sea , shit like that . then Shep say , my old man be a swabby , a medical corpsman , wound up with the Marines in ' nam . I ask he how long he put in , and shepherd say about five year , but a couple of they in the brig . anyway , we be always stoppin ' at this little store we call Abdul 's haji Mart for haji coke . it be my turn to make the run but Shep say he would do it . so he get out and we be bullshit . then this raghead come up behind he , shout out ala akbar or whatever , you know , God be great , and then he put a cap in Shep 's head . this sink in . sal what happen next ? WASHINGTON shit man , we go off . lit ‘em all up - that raghead , Abdul , and damn near the whole fuckin ' hood . sal and Mueller just take this in . WASHINGTON ( cont 'd ) we carry Larry back to the hummer and go home . fuck a whole bunch of school supplies . sal he 's suppose to get a bronze Star behind this . WASHINGTON oh , he will get the Star . the more star the better , right ? they look over at Doc as the Colonel lower the coffin lid . Doc still brace himself against it . ( continued ) 36 . mueller we can not tell he about this . sal we can not ? mueller let he have he bronze Star , he burial at Arlington with honors . let he have he hero . Lord know he 's have little enough in he life . sal you mean , let he have the lie ? mueller yes . what 's more important ? sal I do not know , but it 's never the lie . sal walk toward the coffin , toward Doc and the Colonel . Mueller trail behind , slowed by he cane . Washington take Mueller 's arm and they move a little faster that way . as they get closer , they can overhear the Colonel . colonel willit I be sorry sir , but there be always a sound reason for my recommendation . Doc be tremble , unable to speak . sal put a hand on he shoulder . Doc go into he arm . sal hold he awkwardly . this man be not use to hug . he pat he back . doc sal ... he do not have a face anymore . all sal can offer be the universal spine stiffener , God 's bless and curse combine : sal gotta be a man . Doc nod into he shoulder and stand back , run a handkerchief over he face . sal take a moment to stare down the Colonel . sal ( cont 'd ) how would this boy wind up dead , mister ? ( continued ) 37 . mueller sal ... colonel willit I beg you pardon ? sal simple question . how would it happen ? colonel willit the lance corporal acquitted himself with dignity and honor , and he die a hero . sal yeah , well , they be all heroes , be not they ? colonel willit that they be , sir . sal all heroes , for sure . but how do it happen that he be shot in the back of he head , like a fuckin ' dog ? Doc look at the uneasy Colonel through teary eye . colonel willit he be a brave Marine , a credit to the corps , and he serve he country well . sal so do we all - all of we here . and we still have to when we get the chance . doc what 's go on , sal ? sal I do not know . that 's why I be askin' . mueller should not we be make arrangement for the funeral . be not that why we be here ? sal be you there , when it happen ? ( continued ) 25 38 . colonel willit no , I be not . sal where be you ? colonel willit with all due respect , that 's none of you business . sal with all due respect , Doc here ought to get to talk to somebody who be . you be not . ( to Washington ) be you ? Washington hesitates , glance at the Colonel stare at he , but then reluctantly answer . WASHINGTON I be there , sir . the Colonel do not like how this be go at all , but it 's too late . colonel willit very well . lance corporal Washington , tell he what happen . Washington take a deep breath . later - sal be at the coffee table . Mueller approach fror ? 5 the hangar door . Doc be lean back against the coffin , consider what to do . the Colonel and Washington stand on either side of he . mueller where be we with this ? sal where we be , pretty much . he would like he son 's face back . mueller I call my wife . I be go home . I will take the bus . sal you quittin ' ? mueller quitting what ? ( continued ) 39 . sal we will know in a minute or two . sal see the Colonel once again approach Doc so he wander over to he . sal ( cont 'd ) yo , doc. Doc look up . sal ( cont 'd ) what 's it gonna be here ? Doc stand up straight , look the Colonel in the eye . doc I can not bury he in Arlington . not now . colonel willit he qualify and he deserve that honor . Doc dig out he wallet , rifle through it , and produce a photo of he son . he hold it out , in front of the Colonel 's face . doc here , this be what he face look like . he be a good-look boy . ( show the photo to the other ) see ? the high school girl be all over he . he be a good-look boy . I be take Larry home . colonel willit I assure you that be a bad decision and you will come to regret it . Doc try to push the cart . sal hand he cup to Mueller and join he . they push together . colonel willit ( cont 'd ) hold on . the Marines will transport the body , at no cost to you , anywhere you choose . they keep on push . ( continued ) 26 40 . colonel willit ( cont 'd ) gentlemen . I can not release the lance corporal 's body , except to a license mortician ... Mueller step up . mueller or to a clergyman , be not that the case ? the Colonel hesitates , as Mueller hand he sal 's cup and begin to put on he clerical collar . colonel willit correct . mueller so I guess that would be I . use he cane , Mueller walk behind Doc and sal as they push the coffin . Washington stand next to the Colonel , impressed . ext . hangar parking lot —- morning 26 sal and Doc push the cart , Mueller trail behind . they come to a stop , not before ding the car . doc sorry about that . sal forget about it . they stand silently , awkwardly for a moment . what now ? mueller now how you gonna get he home ? strap that coffin to the roof of sal 's car ? sal we could do that . we would need help liftin ' it up . maybe we ... mueller do not be ridiculous . sal why not ? tell I a better way to be . you wish you could be ridiculous , but it 's too late now . ( continued ) 41 . mueller Doc , let the government take care of the transport - that 's the kinda thing they be good at . doc I do not like the government right now . mueller you do not have to . doc I do not trust it any more . sal Hell , we could rent a truck . doc yeah , let 's do that . we will stay here , and you can take the car and go find a truck . pay for it out of this . Doc give he a envelope full of cash . sal consider it do . one truck , comin ' up . mueller ( to Doc ) I will be go with sal . he can drop I at the bus station . I think I will be go back home now . for a moment no one say anything . doc I understand , Mueller . I be sorry for drag you up here . mueller I think I could be of some help . I think we be go to a funeral . sal we be go to a funeral , it just look like it 's go to take a little longer to get there . Doc do not want to make this any harder than it be . ( continued ) 27 42 . doc it 's okay , Mueller . I be just glad I get to see you again . mueller I be sorry , lad . a handshake and a hug , awkwardly trapping he cane against he . mueller ( cont 'd ) glad I get to see you too . God bless you , doc. int . sal' taurus - day - moving 27 sal drive , Mueller next to he . they maintain a silence , then - mueller we should stop and ask somebody where the bus station be . sal it 's a small town , we will run into it . give you a few more minute to enjoy my company . mueller always a pleasure . sal before you bail on we . Mueller stare straight ahead . sal ( cont 'd ) so , what 's on you agenda ? read the bible all the way home , leftover ham for supper , say a little prayer ... mueller oh , I will say a little prayer long before that . the bigger question be , what 's on you agenda ? sal I feel I owe he one . nothin ' more , nothin ' less . mueller even though he say you do not owe he a thing ? ( continued ) 28 43. sal all the more reason . mueller what would have happen , way back then , if we have not ... you know ? sal Doc would not have end up do two year in the brig , that 's for sure . and we would not have have to see what we do . mueller what be that ? sal you do not remember ? mueller I remember a lot of shit ... what be you talk about ? sal a certain platoon buddy , shot , writhe around on the ground die , with nothing to help he cause we would take all the morphine for ourselves . mueller he be go to die , anyway . he have no chance . Minutes . sal maybe . mueller there be nothing we could do at that point . sal yeah , and we do nothin' . sometimes you ought to do a little more . sal see a Ryder agency and pull to the curb . int . u-haul rental agency - day 28 a nervous older woman , smoking a cigarette , be behind the counter , deal with sal and Mueller . ( continued ) 44 , woman I have a van that would work for you , but you might be happier with a truck that 's get a hydraulic tail lift . sal ohhh , a hydraulic lift . I like it . woman what will you be haul ? sal ( hesitates ) you truck with the lift will handle it . woman will you be drop it off back here or at another location ? it catch sal short . he have not think about that . woman ( cont ’d ) do n'tcha know ? sal guess I be gonna return it here . woman and when will that be ? again , sal have to think about it . the agent 's suspicion start to grow . she grow more nervous . terrorist ? woman ( cont ’d ) you do not know how long you will need it ? sal better give I a week . mueller oh my , a week , he say . now she look uneasily at Mueller as she tap she keyboard . sal now Mueller , it 's outta you hand now . at " Mueller , " the agent 's head jerk slightly , not sure what she hear . ( continued ) 45 . sal ( cont 'd ) ... just have a seat and take a load off . I will handle this . Mueller make he way to a chair and sit . the woman be fretting inwardly . woman I need to see you driver 's license . sal yes , mar 'am . he empty one pocket of change and key and a cigar cutter . the woman look at that with apprehension . out of the other pocket : cash , card and hard candy . he find the license . woman norfolk , Virginia ? sal gotta live somewhere . woman what bring you up here ? sal with all due respect , that 's none of you business . now she 's really worried . woman just try to be friendly . sal really ? okay . well , I be here because of a death in the family . woman I be sorry . sal ( smile ) that 's all right . it be not my family . woman will you be the only driver ? again , he have to think about it . ( continued ) sal I will have some help . woman then I will need to see the other driver 's license . be it that gentleman there ? sal his holiness ? his holiness can not hardly walk , let alone handle a big rig with a hydraulic lift . woman whoever , I will need they license . sal I will drive it myself . woman so you be the only driver ? sal yes , mar 'am . I be the wheelman . paranoia deepen . woman insurance on the vehicle ? sal what about it ? woman would you like to get some ? sal not necessary . woman how will you be pay ? sal Cash . he pull out Doc 's brown envelope . mueller and get direction . sal oh , yeah , where 's the bus station ? she can not wait to call the police . 47 . 29 ext . STREET / int . u-haul truck - day - moving 29 sal and Mueller be drive along in the rent truck . sal sixteen or sixty , put a dude behind the wheel of a big rig , get to feel like hot shit . mueller it 's a rent U - haul with a automatic transmission . sal bigger than anything you ever handle . mueller look sal , Doc 's boy be dead . try not to forget that . sal I have not forget that . but we be still alive , right ? with time tickin ' fast away . if a minute come up that 's not too terrible , I be gonna try to enjoy it . you use to be up for some fun . mueller still be . sal really ?! mueller as long it 's right in God 's eye . sal ' God 's eye ? ' God do not have no eye . mueller oh , he 's get eye . and ear too . he hear every insult you send his way . there will be a reckoning , sergeant . sal a reckoning ? mueller I assure you of that . ( continued ) 48. sal then great - then I reckon I will take that opportunity to stand at attention and say to God , " hey , where be you when they be rapin ' child or with the genocide and all that ? where be you when they fly airplane into building , killin ' thousand of folk just goin ' to work , and the murderer shouting you name , or you by some other name . same difference . where be you when Doc 's kid be buyin ' coke and some raghead blow he face off ? " you see , I be not gonna explain myself to God , I be gonna make him explain himself to I ! mueller I be go to pray for you soul . sal and I be bettin ' at the end of it , if the fucker even exist he will say " get you ass in here , you be my kind of dude . " ( beat ) at least that 's what I be hopin ' . if he 's a tight - ass God , I be fuck . mueller it might be time for a lube job on that plate you get in you head . sal do not fuck with my plate , it 's pickin ' up wor in New York . Mueller just stare at he . sal notice the radio . sal ( cont 'd ) looky here . he turn it on . Rap music . a eminem song ( something from " the eminem show " ) . mueller turn that shit off . sal ( he do not ) you have hear this stuff , right ? ( more ) ( continued ) 49 , sal ( cont 'd ) now , I have be know to get ina face or two , but even I find some of this stuff offensive . and damn hard to dance to ... mueller for once you and I agree on something . sal do not it make you a little ashamed to be a African american ? mueller no , not really . sal well , it ought to , dignify old gentleman like you , who would be the first to agree just how far this stuff be from motown . mueller why should I feel ashamed ? this dude be white . the fuck ...!? mueller that 's affirmative . White as rice . sal that 's comin ' out of a white mouth ? mueller yep - a white sewer mouth . sal then , by God , fuck I . I ought to feel ashamed myself . only I never do much identify with the white race . mueller oh really ? now I be curious . what race do you identify with ? sal Green . the corps - that be the only culture ever make any sense to I . ( beat ) you ever miss it ? ( continued ) 50 . mueller not for a minute . sal I do not believe you . 30 int . bus station - day 30 sal carry Mueller 's bag and wait while Mueller hobble back with he ticket in hand . sal no problem ? mueller not unless be stick on a bus for the next seven hour be a problem . sal buss be real nice now . recliner , a shitter in the back . maybe you will meet some poor redneck and save he soul . how many point you get for that ? be it a point system ? mueller I be just hope I can sleep . I do not sleep too well last night . sal I either . remember when we could sleep in a hole in the ground , with bullet zing just overhead ? mueller you can not go back , sal . sal who would want to ? mueller we can not redo the choice we make back then . all we can do be learn from they and try to do better in the future . sal yeah , I know that . mueller but you be still gonna do it , be not you ? ( more ) ( continued ) 51 . mueller ( cont 'd ) you be gonna take Doc and he dead son to Portsmouth and try to make it fun . sal you ought to come with . mueller can not do that . sal all right . well , I would better get start . he extend he hand and they share a affectionate shake . sal ( cont 'd ) I still can not believe it , you of all people , a preacher . mueller goddam right . sal think we will ever bump into each other again ? we be not that far away . mueller never know . he move in mysterious way . ext . hangar - day 31 the back of the park truck be open and Doc push the coffin up to it as sal join he . doc this be a lot of truck . sal never go small , kid . check this out . he pull a small lever and raise the lift up to the level of the coffin . together they half - slide , half - lift it off the wagon and onto the lift . sal lean back against the lift and light a cigar . sal ( cont 'd ) I be wonder , though . what would you kid have want ? ( continued ) 32 33 52 . Doc think about it for a beat . doc to drink beer with he friend . chase girl . he be twenty - one , he be not think about die . sal you can make this a lot easier on yourself . doc I do not want to make it easier on myself . sal ( chuckle ) yeah . guy like you and I , we take all the shit ' till it 's disaster , and then we be cool , the worst have happen , like we always know it would . doc they send he to a god-forsaken desert because ... who know why ? it be not to protect America . it 's like that jungle they send we to . it be not a threat to we . and then they send he back to I in this , with more lie ... a hero , honors , Arlington . I be not go to bury no Marine . I gotta bury a son . ext . hangar - day 32 Washington stand outside the hangar , watch the u- haul truck pull away , wistfully . then he walk away . int . u-haul truck - day - moving 33 sal drive toward the gate . sal some rig , huh ? Doc do not answer but be look out the window . something 's wrong . a dafb Police car pull in front of they , slow , bring they almost to a stop . another Police car block they from behind , trapping they . they come to a stop . bullhorn voice ( 0.s. ) get out of the truck . walk away , hand above you head . 34 53. int . bus station - day 34 Mueller sit in the wait area , quietly read he bible . a man in a cheap raincoat be talk to the ticket agent , look over at Mueller . another man in a black anorak take a seat next to he . anorak take a bus today ? mueller yes , to Richmond . and you ? anorak Richmond , huh . that home for you ? mueller no , but it 's get close . why ? cheap raincoat have walk over and be stand in front of Mueller . raincoat you be the one they call the Mullah ? mueller the what ? raincoat Mullah . mueller I be wait for a bus to Richmond , read the scripture . anorak what , the Bible ? check out the competition ? mueller who be you two ? what do you want from I ? anorak that depend . raincoat we be from homeland Security . mueller what ?! 35 54 . int . king court motor lodge room - night 35 sal crush a empty Bud can and toss it the length of the room , miss the basket . as he grab for a fresh one , Doc retrieve the empty and deposit it on top of the other in the plastic-line wastebasket of the very same room they occupy the night before . sal pop another can . sal it use to mean something . there use to be a esprit de corps , a unity , a well - earn pride , some goddamn common sense . I do not know what it mean anymore . doc fuck them . fuck ‘em all . sal fuck ‘em all ! I spend the best year of my life defendin ' this country . doc I think you best year be still ahead of you , sal . sal fuck you . doc it 's true . it can be true . sal will you sit the fuck down ? look at I - all my future be behind I . I get a scramble brain hold together with a steel plate . and they look at I and what do they see ? a fuckin ' terrorist ! doc a apology would have be nice . sal oh they be sorry . sorry they do not smoke we ass . a knock on the door . they look at each other , like , what now ? sal eventually shrug he shoulder and Doc cautiously open the door . Mueller step in and drop he bag . he stare down sal . sal get off the bed he 's be sit on , Mueller 's bed . he smooth it , and step aside . Mueller lie down in he overcoat . ( continued ) 55 . sal ( cont 'd ) you forget you toothbrush ? Mueller say nothing . he need a moment . then - mueller I call my wife from the police station . the damn police station . only after they decide I be not a Muslim radical . and not a mullah , but a old preacher name Mueller . sal think this be hilarious . sal Mullah the mauler ! its all over - this country 's fuck . doc be Ruth upset ? mueller oh yeah , she want I to come right home . but I tell she that when time demand it , even old man should become threat . sal ( interrupt ) fuckin ' a right it be ! it 's like during the pinko scare .... mueller ( icily ) I believe I be talk . sal raise he hand - sorry and continue . mueller ( cont 'd ) I tell my wife I be not come home until we be do . where 's you boy ? doc they have get he again . mueller tomorrow we get he back and take he home . 56 . 36 int . king court motor lodge desk - morning 36 we three come into the lobby and be meet by the Lt. Colonel and Washington . colonel willit good morning , gentleman . sal what 's the deal , colonel whatever you name be - where 's Larry ? colonel willit willit . Colonel willit . I have be brief on last night 's snafu . totally ridiculous , the rental agent apparently go off the deep end , but there it be and what 's do be do . he address doc. colonel willit ( cont 'd ) I hope , give further time for reflection , that you can see that Arlington be a rest place that should not be refuse in anger . there lie heroes . the detail of the lance corporal 's death be what they be , but make no mistake : he death be heroic . he be in a foreign and hostile land do the decent thing . he deserve to lie beneath the sacred soil of Arlington . he would want that . I urge you to choose that for he . doc thank you . I be gonna take my son home and bury he in New Hampshire . not in he uniform . I be go to bury he in he graduation suit . colonel willit as you wish . you government will fly the coffin , at no expense to you , to Portsmouth and a funeral director of you choice . doc no , we be take he with we now . ( continued ) 57 . colonel willit with all due respect , you be cut off you nose to spite you face . sal take a look at this face . think any of they care about you fuckin ' opinion ? with all due respect . doc we can go by train . they all kind of look at each other for a moment and arrive at a consensual " why not ? " colonel willit okay , I will make the arrangement . ( punch out a number on he cell phone ) lance corporal Washington here will be go with you . ( in phone ) Colonel willit here . you be go to make a few thing happen , asap . sal hold on , Colonel , we do not need no babysitter . colonel willit ( in phone ) stand by . ( to sal ) I be not imply you do . Washington 's on tdy , escort duty . you do not want he , he go right back to Baghdad . doc guy ? mueller we could use the help . sal do he pull per diem ? colonel willit of course . sal grin at Washington . ( continued ) 37 58. sal then fall in , Washington ! ( to Colonel ) but he take he order from we . colonel willit he take he order from I . but , he will accommodate you in any reasonable way you ask , because I just order he to . be that clear ? sal well , you be a fuckin ' force of nature , be not you ? it would have be fun to run into you in the field in my young day . colonel willit you think so ? sal one of we woulda get fragge . int . hangar - morning 37 everybody be back at the hangar where the casket have be take . they see six more flag -drape coffin be wheeled into the hangar . they casket be load onto one carryall while the civilian pull away in another . sal turn back to see Washington , in the distance , stand at attention with the Colonel in he face . colonel willit I do not give a fuck what they say . the lance corporal be ours . he 's a Marine until he go into the ground , and he remain a Marine for the period he be under the ground , plus one hundred year . I will not have three over - the-hill veteran pissing on my corps . be that understand ? WASHINGTON yes , sir ! colonel willit you be a Marine , and you mission be to see you brother home . you be in charge , and when in charge , take charge . understood ? ( continued ) 59 . WASHINGTON yes , sir ! colonel willit there 's go to be a mortuary affair detail at every step of the trip . you will protect the dignity of that dead Marine , and see that he be bury with honors . in he uniform . not in some pussy civilian graduation suit ! understood ? WASHINGTON yes , sir ! colonel willit and do not let that sal asshole outflank you . he 's old but he 's dangerous . do not let that happen - kill he first . WASHINGTON Sir ? colonel willit that be not a order . WASHINGTON yes , sir . colonel willit and just because that crippled preacher remind you of you father , do not trust he . WASHINGTON I never know my father , sir . colonel willit lance corporal , do you have a personal problem ? WASHINGTON no , sir ! colonel willit then get on it . WASHINGTON yes , sir ! he jump into the other carryall and it take off . 38 39 60 . ext ./ int . railroad station - day 38 alongside the train at the wilmington , delaware station , the " mortuary detail " of six service member , include Washington , carry the box contain the coffin . they eventually load the container onto a cargo car . Washington stand next to it in the car and salute , as do the other five , before walk away . Doc stand back a little as sal chat with the attendant , JOHN redman , who also salute . redman I be there the first time . Gulf War , they call it then . sal you get back . redman yeah , and I be not pissin ' blood and my baby be all okay . filthy little war . but righteous . sal oh yeah ... redman can not let the big one swallow up the little one . redman turn to Doc and shake he hand . redman ( cont 'd ) John redman . do not worry - I will look after you boy . int . train - day - moving 39 sal and Doc sit next to each other , face Mueller , who 's read he bible . sal watch he read . sal when do you become so old ? mueller I think it happen over the past thirty year . same as you . sal I categorically deny it . mueller you can deny it all you want to , but that be not gonna stop the clock or turn it back . ( continued ) 61 . sal what do you make of that grunt , Washington ? mueller what about he ? sal I do not know , he do not say much , he and he Baghdad boil ... that 's some gnarly shit . mueller what do you want to know about he ? sal I do not want to know nothin ' about he . mueller sound to I like he be a individual heavy on you mind . sal nothin ' heavy about it . just wonderin’ . mueller go back and talk to he , if he 's such a mystery to you . sal everything 's a mystery to I ... except you . mueller please . sal I think I will go back and talk to he . mueller I be sure he will enjoy that . doc tell he he can come sit up here with we . sal I will do a invite . 40 4l 62. int . men' room - day - moving 40 alone in the restroom , sal take a toke on a joint , wave away the smoke . int . cargo car - day - moving 41 sal enter , slowly walk over to Washington , sit next to the coffin . sal you be welcome . WASHINGTON for what ? sal be you on a train in Baghdad ? no , you be not . Washington just kind of nod as sal find a seat on some box . sal ( cont 'd ) tdy . sometimes it 's fun , sometimes it 's a bitch . WASHINGTON I do not mind . he be my best friend . sal you do not hang with the brother ? Washington look up at he . WASHINGTON there 's no rule . I just like the dude . he have my back and I have he . he be honest , say what he think . simple , in a good way . he never have a attitude . sal sound a lot like he father . WASHINGTON what about the honest part ? sal Doc be not a dishonest man . WASHINGTON what about that brig time ? ( continued ) 42 ext . / int . the train 63. sal that could have be any of we . he get fuck . I know thing you do not . WASHINGTON yes , sir . sal Doc be a lot young than we , a kid , and technically he be in the navy . he want to be we friend and we take advantage of it . we would do he a favor and now he be do one for we . but then it all go to shit and someone have to take the fall . c'mon up with we for a while . redman here will look after you friend . redman no problem . WASHINGTON that 's all right . sal no , you have to get out of here for a while . WASHINGTON why ? sal come talk to Larry 's father , say something nice . WASHINGTON I do not know what I can say . sal you will come up with something . philadelphia station - afternoon 42 pull into the station . conductor ( v.o. ) Philadelphia ... arrive Philadelphia . 43 64 . int . train car - afternoon 43 Washington sit with the other , a bit uncomfortable . they look out the window at the people on the platform , wait for the train , carry shopping bag . finally - sal look at they . doc who ? sal they . all the shit they buy . they do not have a clue . mueller ordinary people , out for a day of shopping . sal fuckin ' sheep be what they be . WASHINGTON I would not mind be one of they . sal well , yeah , it 's better than be shot at . WASHINGTON Rather be fight they over there than in we own backyard . sal sound familiar ? mueller oh yeah ... sal ( to Washington ) see , we fight the commy in ' nam so we would not have to fight they on the beach of malibu . WASHINGTON guess it work . ( a beat ) Marine 's gotta be willing to die on order . ( continued ) 65 . sal yep - that 's always be the mission , and it 's a bunch of crap . mueller there need to be a reason . this time we be tell there be a imminent danger . arsenal of horrible weapon ... a possible mushroom cloud . sal lies . it 's always the same ol ' shit : stay the course , if we pull out now , we heroes will have die in vain ... mueller but I want to believe in we leader , I want to believe in we country . we be a good country . sal yes we be , but when you catch you government lie to you , everything change . passenger hurry on board . the door shut and the train pull away . sal ( cont 'd ) so , how 's the live over there ? WASHINGTON it 's all right . they get a shopping mall out near the airport . there 's a new Burger King and pizza Hut . we be livin ' pretty good for a combat zone , but they sure hate we . sal we gotta be the only occupy force in histroy that expect people to like we . WASHINGTON when you go out , you never know what 's gonna happen . but come from oakland , I be use to people die all of a sudden . doc really ? ( continued ) 66 . WASHINGTON in high school , one of my best friend be kill by a stray bullet . my father be rob on the street , and they put one in he . but I do not even know who he be ' till he turn up dead . sal Jesus , kid ... WASHINGTON I be only sayin 's ... sal so you join the Marines to get away from all that in oakland ? WASHINGTON no , sir . I want to strengthen my character . it be that way with Larry too . we want to test ourselves , to forge ourselves into the man we want to become . sal that 's what we use to think . every generation have they war . Men make war , and war make man ... never gonna end . mueller maybe we need to try something else . doc when Larry be little , he play with toy soldier . he dig trenches for they . he put they through basic training . WASHINGTON Mr. shepherd , Larry be where he want to be . he hate it . we all hate it . but it 's where we be send , and we will do what we have to do . we sign up for it . doc he must have be embarrassed , I sit out the last part of we war in the brig ... ( continued ) 67 . WASHINGTON no , sir , Larry be not embarrassed - he love you . you know what make he different from most of we in the unit ? doc what ? WASHINGTON he have a happy childhood . doc he say that ? WASHINGTON yes , sir . he have a mother and father who love he ... and each other . Nice house to live in . good food to eat . School ... football ... nice friend ... on and on . ( beat ) Mr. shepherd , it be my turn to get the coke . that be my bullet , not Larry 's . I should have be the one ... Mueller put he hand on Washington 's knee , let he know it 's okay and not to think like that . doc a gray car pull up to the house ... a Marine Lieutenant and a navy chaplain . shiny brass belt buckle . I keep look at that shiny buckle . " the President have ask I to express he deep regret ... " kill in action . in action - nothing about shot in the back of the head buy coke for the guy . nothing about kill try to get the Baghdad school system up and run . ( look out the window , look back ) the school system in New Hampshire be in rough shape . ( beat ) why be not Larry back in New Hampshire deliver stuff to we own school ? nobody can say anything . ( continued ) 44 68. doc ( cont 'd ) be that a stupid question ? int . cafe car - night - moving 44 with two glass of beer , sal wander from the bar over to the table where Doc and Mueller sit . Mueller have a cup of coffee , and Doc a beer . as soon as sal sit he downs a glass in one gulp . mueller thirsty ? sal huh ? mueller that go down awfully fast . sal well I be drink for two , now that you have get all old and boring . he start to drink the other glass . mueller might be you be a alcoholic . I be . I recognize that and own up to it . that 's the first step . sal at least we be not drug addict . mueller not anymore , praise Jesus . sal we never be . mueller we take the shit , do not we ? sal we need the shit . mueller if we need it the corps would have issue it to we . sal in a way they do . ( continued ) 45 69 . doc that shit be mean for pain . all drug be . sal so what 's wrong with takin them then ? mueller morphine ? it 's kind of addictive . sal so 's pain . doc we be not the one who be in pain , though . sal the fuck we be not . mueller that 's a different kind of pain . sal pain be pain . sal ( cont 'd ) back from the war less than a day , he best buddy in a coffin , and all he 's talk about be a Burger King and pizza Hut at the shopping mall . doc he just do not want to talk about it . we never do . mueller you ask he . ( new think ) next stop I need to call Ruth . sal you need one of that mobile phone . you could be talk to she right now . ten year - old kid have ‘em . they have practically quit make pay phone . ext . train - night 45 as the train speed to New York , we hear all the guy in mid - conversation . this time , however , it be revve up and boisterous . ( continued ) 70 . mueller ( 0.s. ) «+ . so we end up at disneyland to resuscitate Doc , who be metaphorically drown ... 46 int . cargo car - night - moving 46 the guy sit on improvise seat in the baggage car , bull - shitting . sal I get you metaphorical - dangle ! stick to the story ! WASHINGTON wait a minute . they get a disneyland in Vietnam ? everybody laugh . mueller that 's what they call all the bar and house of ill-repute that sprung up near the base . sal and it be the company fuck commander 's do ! he 's the one who tell we to take a couple of day off and get Doc 's ass over to disneyland before he have a total meltdown . doc I be have some problem ... sal he sure as shit be , and the biggest one be that it be time for he to get he cherry bust . how old be you , Washington , first time ? WASHINGTON thirteen . sal I rest my fuck case ! my point exactly . Doc be eighteen . doc I be nineteen . ( continued ) 71 . sal one year worse . it be time . doc no , it be not . the right time be when I meet Mary , and we commit to each other . mueller I think thirteen be way too early , too , by the way . sal do not wreck my story . believe I kid , he be ready . we kill some time in the bar then find the perfect little whorehouse . WASHINGTON that 's so uncool . sal what ? WASHINGTON pay for sex . whore and pimp ... it 's disgusting . sal Jesus , what the hell have happen to you basic GI ? WASHINGTON I just think some thing should not to be buy and sell . doc actually , it be not all that bad . the other laugh . Mueller lean a little toward Washington . mueller Jesus have not yet enter my life . I yield to bad impulse . sal yielded to them ? you smoke ‘em , drank ‘em , and fuck every impulse ! Old Mueller the mauler here would get the five dollar / five minute special - he be like a jackrabbit . sal make a quick humping motion . Mueller fight a smile . ( continued ) 47 48 72 . mueller everything seem funny year later , but I do not care what anybody say , it be a dereliction of duty , pure and simple . sal I get you dir 'liction swinging , you old coot ! WASHINGTON the whore I know , I do not want to be around . doc but this be like go to a friend 's house ... and then you end up have sex with the friend . and then you pay they . they laugh again . in spite of everything , they be have a good time ... a good moment at least . sal next day , I gotta admit , I be sick of hearing about that little asian whore . oh , Doc be quite proud of himself . Said he have a hard - on so big he could not bend he finger or blink he eye . another round of big laugh . sal ( cont 'd ) fuck I ... God , I really miss that , have a boner you can hang a towel on . my johnson use to stand up and watch I shave , now it watch I pull up my sock . they all crack up . mueller do not encourage he . int . penn station - night 47 the train be grind to a stop in Penn Station . ext . 8 th avenue - night 48 we three walk downtown , away from the station . sal take a deep breath . ( continued ) 49 73. sal New York , New fuck York . mueller let 's not wander too far . sal just far enough to find the first blarney Stone . which be right across the street . sal turn and go inside . the other have no choice but to follow . int . blarney stone - night 49 they sit at the bar . sal have escalate to a shot and a beer . Mueller have a ginger ale ; Doc , a beer . mueller how much time do we have ? sal enjoy , old man . it 's the Big Apple . we get the time . mueller I have to call my wife . sal see ? again , you need a fuckin ' wireless telephone . you could sit right here and dial she up and you would not have to get off the stool and hobble the full length of this place and have to stand on you foot next to the shitter just to say , " I miss you , dear , I hope you still love I , even though I use to fuck whore . " though on he way , Mueller swing he cane around toward sal 's head , just miss as sal duck . sal ( cont 'd ) I be still too quick for you , floatin ' like a butterfly . Mueller continue on as sal wave to the bartender . sal ( cont 'd ) one more , please , before grandpa mose get back . ( continued ) 74 . the bartender pour another shot . Doc take some money out of he brown envelope . sal ( cont 'd ) drink up . here 's to duty and honor . sal knock back the shot . doc I guess it woulda be a honor , the whole Arlington thing . sal sometimes the real honor be turn down the honor . doc would not you be honore ? sal do not matter to I . Drop I anywhere . you know what I put down when I have to write who to notify in case of emergency ? doc you lady friend ? sal County coroner . 50 later - Mueller have rejoin the group . 50 sal ( cont 'd ) request permission to have another , sir ? mueller ai not nobody gonna tell you you can not have a drink . someday you be gonna have to tell yourself . sal signal the bartender to pour another . sal barkeep , I be gonna have just one more drink ... and then I be gonna have another . mueller you have a drink problem . ( continued ) 75 . sal no problem , really . I think I get it down . ( offer toast ) bear in pain , live in fear , die alone . he chug it . mueller could you be any more irish right now ? sal nope , though my mom be half italian . I get the best of both - I be a irish drinker and a italian lover . Doc have be watch the tv above the bar . it 's the same footage of Saddam get he physical exam , along with other shot , like the picture of he two son display after they be kill . doc I lose one , he lose two . sal I guess he think it be worth it . doc it be not worth it . not to I . now George Bush Jr. be on the tv , give a interview . doc ( cont 'd ) would it be worth he twin daughter ? he 's get twin , right ? sal who ? the cheerleader ? sal get up and go over to the bartender . doc who ? mueller he be a cheerleader in college . doc would it be worth they life ? even one of ‘em ? ( continued ) 76 . mueller good luck gettin ' that answer . 51 ext . blarney stone - night 51 the three of they come out , sal and Doc none too steady . they go in one direction , stop to get they bearing , then go in another direction . sal spot a phone shop across the street and attempt to cross in the middle . Mueller hook he with he cane and pull he back . 52 int . phone shop - night 52 a overwhelming display of hi-tech . a clerk be help they . sal how many minute do I get again ? clerk on this plan , five hundred . sal every month ? clerk will that be enough ? sal enough ? how can anybody talk for more than five hundred minute a month on a fuckin' telephone ? mueller we be gonna miss we train , sure as God make little green apple . with a flourish , sal slap he mastercard on the counter . sal this go through , you get a sale young lady , and I go hi-tech . 53 later - as sal sign the papers ... 53 clerk you can call other people who use this same plan and it will not count against you minute . sal get out . now , that 's a helluva deal . ( continued ) 77 . mueller what do you care ? who do you know on this plan ? sal you two fucker ! get you some phone , right now . mueller do not need one , do not want one . doc I would not mind have one , to tell you the truth . I have often think about it . sal done ! barkeep , a couple phone for my partner here . doc so he and I can talk anytime , even though he 's in norfolk and I be in New Hampshire and it do not cost we nothing , right ? clerk that 's the deal . doc c'mon , Mueller . with three - way call and all we can talk to each other at the same time . mueller well , we be do that right now , be not we ? doc c'mon , Mueller . mueller what if I do not like it ? now I have get a contract for two year ? sal what if you fall down ? a real possibility with you gimpy knee . and you be in a ditch , and you can not get up , and nobody can see you , and it start to rain , and the ditch fill up with water ? look like you be gonna drow . farewell , old reverend Mueller . ( more ) ( continued ) 54 78. sal ( cont 'd ) ah , but with you wireless phone you can call for help . clerk and 9 - 1 - 1 call do not count against you minute . Mueller look like he be weaken . sal sold ! ext . 35 th STREET - night 54 sal hurry on ahead of the other two , dial a number on he new phone . he duck into a enclave off the street and be momentarily out of sight . Mueller 's phone ring and he fumble to answer . mueller hello ? sal ( disguise voice ) be this reverend Mueller ? mueller what ? sal this be God . it do not count against you minute to talk with I . they have now catch up with sal , who emerge with a big smile on he face . mueller do not be burn my minute with foolishness . he hang up . doc call redman back on the train . they once again fall into pace together as sal dial . sal ( in phone ) hey , redman , guess who this be ! right ! ( hold phone against chest ) ( more ) ( continued ) sal ( cont 'd ) 79 . he know it be I . listen up , John , I be call you on my new wireless ... ( to Doc ) what 's my phone number ? doc it 's in the display . sal what display ? there 's no number doc it come on when you turn on the phone . sal turn it off and on . he take a pen out of he pocket and write the number on he palm . sal John ? shit , I lose he . doc well , you hang up on he . sal shit. mueller you do not even know how to use thing . he dial again . sal John redman , sorry about that . ( beat ) what ? oh. doc what 's he say ? sal they're on they way to Boston . doc the train 's leave without we ? mueller well , that 's just outstanding . warn you ass . that I ( continued ) 55 56 80 . sal we will catch the next one . redman say they will wait for we . int . penn station - night 55 the three of they seem to be wander in different direction , get information . finally they come together . sal good news . we can catch the express , right to Boston . mueller when ? sal Seven a.m. doc oh , jeez ... Mueller give sal a wither look . int . bar - night 56 they be have dinner at the bar . sal have he phone on the bar . Mueller have put Doc between they . the bartender switch the tv to a basketball game . sal oh look , a show on black history . be it that month already ? mueller very funny . back on the game , a player steal the ball , break away and go airborne . he stuff it . sal let I point out something to you . the butt-ugliest shot in basketball be the slam dunk . what do it mean , anyway ? what do it say about the dude who stuff it ? doc that he 's pretty darn tall . ( continued ) 81. sal dude be tall before . they do not go around hammerin' the ball through the hoop every time down the court . Ugly fuckin ' shot and now they be stick with it . hangin ' on the hoop , all that shit . now , you take the fade - away jump shot ; aman be cover , fence away from the basket , he go up , drop back , arc that puppy over the defense . beautiful . elegant . Earl - the- Pearl skillful . doc free throw be what win or lose the game . sal well , but they interrupt the fuck action . they be boring and there be too many of they . you be not suppose to be bangin ' into each other . foul should be shameful , but , fuck , there be not no shame anywhere anymore . mueller look who 's talk . have you ever be ashamed about anything ? ever in you life ? sal only once . they fall silent , then resume they meal . sal ( cont 'd ) Boston be where he be from . he expect someone to say something but no one do . sal ( cont 'd ) I be check to see if he 's get any family still there . doc why ? mueller because he 's drunk . sal what do that have to do with it ? ( continued ) 82. mueller this happen every time you drink ? sal pretty much . mueller then do not drink . sal it 's what I get instead of God . mueller okay , I get it . I find God , Doc do he time , and you get drunk . sal and maybe he get the best of the deal . mueller he be gonna die anyway , sal . sal but he do not have to suffer . not that much anyway . doc Jimmy hightower ! we can not even say he name . we all feel guilty about how he suffer as he be die , but do it ever occur to you that maybe nobody would have be shot at all , and everyone would still be alive if we would all be do we job instead of fuckin ' around ? 57 ext . penn station - night 57 they make they way back to Penn Station . mueller now we only get , what , three more hour to wait . sal on the town - two old jarhead and a chicken of the sea . doc only we be not dance . sal fuck , we be hardly hobbling . ( continued ) 83. even Mueller have to smile . suddenly we hear the odd electronic tone of raindrop keep falling on my head . sal jump , spin around . the music be come from he chest . sal ( cont 'd ) the fuck ...!? mueller it 's you fancy new phone . sal it do that ? doc answer it , sal . it must be John redman . sal dig the phone out of he pocket . sal ( answer ) hello ? female phone voice ( 0.s. ) ( with indian accent ) Mr. nealon ...? sal yeah . female phone voice ( 0.s. ) my name be Sharon . how be you this evening , Mr. nealon ? sal not all that great , frankly . female phone voice ( 0.s. ) I be sorry to hear that . I want to let you know that my manager will be in you area in the next few day and would love to show you how to make a twelve to twenty percent return by invest in international market fund . sal wait a minute ... I do not even know my own fuckin ' number , how the hell do you get it ? ( continued ) 58 59 84 . female phone voice ( 0.s. ) have I call at a inconvenient time ? sal what do you think , bitch ? he make like he be go to throw the phone across the street , then smile and tuck it away . int . penn station - early morning 58 as the place come to life , we three pull they aching bone off the bench and try to wake up . int . train # 2 - morning - moving 59 on the way to Boston , the three of they be half - asleep . Doc stare out of the window . doc what be they name ? sal who ? doc his son . Saddam 's . the one they shot up and put on display like it be the old Wild West . sal fuck , Doc , it 's too early in the day . doc I be just think . sal I do not know . weird - ass a-rab name . Hugo and queasy , like that . mueller they be name uday and qusay . fairly simple name . sal sure , if you be use to leteesha and kuamme . mueller you be a racist as well as a alcoholic . ( continued ) 85 . sal you forget sexist . Fair to everybody . what do you name you kid ? mueller otis and Sally . sal now that 's nice . a kid should always be able to spell he own name . name she after I , do not you ? Sally . mueller say what ? sal after old sal . I ever have a kid I will name he after you , Dick . first he will be little Dick , then he will grow up to be big Dick . doc what if it be a girl ? mueller look at he , doc. even if he have any leave swim in he , what woman of childbearing age be gonna spread she leg for he ? sal you Sally , if you will make the introduction . sal once again jump out of range of Mueller 's cane . mueller I swear I be gonna brain you , I do not care if there 's already a plate in you head . I will put another one ‘em there . sal seriously though , padre , can I ask you a personal question ? mueller no . sal how come you marry a black woman ? ( continued ) 86 . mueller what ?! sal do not you tell I you never have a white woman . it be the 70 . mueller as I recall , white dude finally admit have a eye for black woman . sal oh , yeah , I be gaga for the sister myself . and they dig I too . well , a couple of ‘em do ... fora time ... then I would say something ' stupid . mueller no , you ? say something stupid to a black person ? sal ' course I have a couple bout of yellow fever too ... and always do have a sweet tooth for the Latin babe . I get nothin ' against white woman , mind you . they be okay , some of ‘em . but we be talkin ' about you marrying a black woman . mueller first of all , who I marry be none of you business . sal that 's why I be be so polite about it . mueller I will tell you why . God tell I to . sal whoa . to marry a black girl ? mueller no , to marry Ruth . sal he tell you that ? mueller he do . ( continued ) 87 . sal like he tell the reverend Pat Robertson who be gonna win the election ? mueller Pat Robertson be a complete phony . sal how come God never talk to I ? mueller because you can not listen . and he do not talk to Pat Robertson either . sal but he do talk to you ? mueller I do not say that . I say he tell I to marry Ruth and be a decent man and to preach the word . sal so he do speak to you . mueller he do not talk to I in word . he touch my heart . doc maybe it be Ruth who touch you heart . mueller oh , it be . it be God through Ruth . I be down and out , and I do not care about nothing . a recover alcoholic with shot up leg . then one day I find Jesus ... sal where be that , bump into he on the street ? mueller in my heart , the only place you can find him . I go down there like it be a scary cave , which in a way it be , a dark , unexplored place . ( more ) ( continued ) 60 88. mueller ( cont 'd ) go down afraid and alone , come back up fearless and with Jesus at my side . next Sunday I take myself to church ... sal hallelujah ! and there be Ruth . mueller right there , and everything come together for I . doc that 's a beautiful story . sal sorry the fuck I ask . ( beat ) if God want to keep holdin ' out on I , I get it . but would it kill him to pat I on the shoulder or shake my hand like a man ? and if he would also like to deliver a nice black girl with a great ass , so much the better . ext . boston station - day 60 walk just outside the Boston train station , sal be in front of the other two , talk on he cell phone . doc what 's he up to ? mueller look at he wheeling and deal ... Mr. cellular phone . sal hear they talk about he and turn toward they , still on the phone . sal ( to Doc and Mueller ) we have get a errand to run . doc we get enough time ? sal sure . ( continued ) a60 61 89 . mueller ( simultaneous ) no. sal I be on with redman . he and Washington just get to New Hampshire . we will see ‘em there . ( to redman ) we will see you there . he close he phone . int . dover , nh station - day a60 redman close he phone and walk back over to the baggage car , where Washington and 5 other service member be start to carry the box contain the coffin . redman salute as they walk away . we follow the mortuary affair detail through the baggage / storage area of the train station and down a elevator to the load dock where a hearse , and the funeral director leland await . int . taxi - day - moving 61 the taxi be drive by a turbane driver . mueller she 's be live with it all this year . what good 's it gonna do she ? sal we be long overdue , the way I figure . she ought to know the truth and we ought to be man enough to say it . mueller how would you find she ? sal I get O'Toole to call he granddaughter and have she look it up for we on the world wide web . doc what can we possibly say to she ? sal the truth . if it would a be I , I would want the other guy to go see my family . ( continued ) 62 63 90 . mueller where be you family ? sal they be all dead . I think I have a cousin leave , in scranton . the cab pull up to a small house . they look at the place but say nothing . ext . hightower house - day 62 at the door : Mueller knock with he cane . they wait . he knock again . doc maybe nobody life here anymore , maybe . the door open , revealing a woman in she 80s . she be wary . mrs . hightower yes ? none of they seem able to speak . int . live room - day 63 some time later , they be all sit around in the live room . Mrs. hightower direct they through a series of frame picture and Christmas card photo that they pass around . mrs . hightower this be the last picture we ever get from Jimmy . and this be Jimmy 's little girl all grow up . doc so , how old be she when he die ? mrs . hightower four month old . her mom eventually remarry and they move to San Diego . here 's my great-grandkids . mueller look at that . he would be a grandfather . mrs . hightower I have never meet they in person , but they call every now and then . so you three be with my Jimmy ? ( continued ) 91 . the old woman stare at he blankly . sal yes mar 'am . we would already fight we a long year , and most of we be still breathe . but that extension ... that four more month they add on ... some of we could not handle it , and , I think we do not all ... mrs . hightower what be it all for ? sal they say they know , and we believe they . but now ... we just come here to tell you what happen . mrs . hightower be you some of the man he save ? sal be just freeze . Doc and Mueller look at he wonder how he 's go to respond . mrs . hightower ( cont 'd ) thry tell I he save three or four of he buddy , before ... sal yes mar 'am . we be . mueller he be a great guy , Jimmy . doc yeah , we have never forget he . mueller that 's why we be here , mar 'am . we owe he . sal we just want to come by and pay we respects . mueller let you know he 's still in we heart . mrs . hightower that be so sweet of you boy . I can not thank you enough . 64 65 66 67 92 . ext . hightower house - day 64 the door open as they exit . sal get the last hug in . sal take care of yourself . mrs . hightower this make my week . please come back anytime . doc thank you , mar 'am . mueller bless you , Mrs. hightower . mrs . hightower you boy be careful out there . sal we will . int . train # 3 - late afternoon - moving 65 they sit in silence , not say much . even sal stare out the window at the sunset . ext . dover , nh station - night 66 Washington wait for they , next to a hearse and leland . int . funeral home limo - night - moving 67 Washington sit next to leland . in the back seat be sal , Doc and Mueller . outside the window be shell of abandon plant and factory , lie idle . sal just stare out the window . sal look like thing use to get make here . leland use to . sal even mortician better watch out - they might be outsource undertakin ' next . ( continued ) 68 69 93. leland never happen - american funeral director be the best in the world . sal mutter a monologue ... not that anyone be much listen at this point . sal so be the american factory . we could make anything , quality stuff . that 's how we win two world war . do not be surprised if somebody figure out that it 's cheaper to ship a body to Mexico and back than to do it up here . they will ship it to China or India once they figure out it will save them a buck . do not matter how good you be . ( new mumbly think ) just a matter of time till they start outsource soldier . Hell , get a bunch of starve young people from all over the world , put ‘em in a uniform and tell ‘em to try to stay alive . when they tour be over we ship them back to where they come from ... no VA hospital , or pension . you lose a arm ? you get ptsd ? tough shit , we be flush you down ... ext . doc be house - night 68 the limo pull into the driveway . as the other get out , sal quickly go to the nearest bush in the yard to pee . mueller if you have any more manners , you would be a dog . sal continue pee , emphasize he relief . sal now I be see God . int . doc be house - night 69 in the small , dark de , ember glow in the fireplace . Washington lie awake on the sofa . 70 71 94 , int . doc be room - night 70 Mueller lie awake . he can not help but notice the picture of Doc and he wife , Larry Jr , etc . actually , it feel like Mary still life there . it seem Doc 's barely touch anything since last January . int . larry bedroom - night 71 sal be lay on a trundle bed , pull out from under Larry 's bed , where Doc rest . the room be light by moonlight . now a as-he-left - it shrine to Larry , they be surround by the various photo of family and friend , sport memento , music poster , etc . sal you gonna want to stay on here , alone ? doc I do not know - have not think much about it . sal Portsmouth ? the brig right there . you might want to try another place . a fresh start . doc but Larry would be here . Mary , too . sal you could always come visit . you get close friend here ? doc not too many . not too close . his voice trail , he 's fall asleep . sal jab he in the rib . doc ( cont 'd ) what ? sal move to norfolk . you could work in my bar . doc I never work in a bar before . sal trust I - it be not that hard . ( continued ) 95 . doc you place do not seem all that busy . sal that 's my fault . I let it go . it need new blood . we could get the grill part go again . I need a partner . doc a partner ? sal yeah . the bar would be half yours , and when I bite it , it will be all yours . doc sal ... you do not owe I nothing . sal this be not pay off no debt . I really do need a partner , and I get nobody to leave the place to . you could stay with I for a while , but then you would have to find you own place , ' cause I like to pursue the lady and , frankly , you would cramp my style . sal ( cont 'd ) you thinkin ' about it ? doc I be . I be picture it . it 's kinda funny . sal might be time for another bcd in you life . Doc smile . doc better career decision ... sal yeah , and if nothin ' else , it might be fun . what 's wrong with that ? 72 int . doc' house —- morning sal , Mueller and Washington be in the kitchen have sal punch some number in he cell phone , wait for answer . mueller you purely love that thing , do not you ? sal I can not get that fucker O'Toole to answer . the place could be burn down for all I know . he put the phone away . Doc come in with a suit ona hangar . doc Larry 's graduation suit . WASHINGTON look a little small . doc you think ? WASHINGTON yes , sir . Larry bulk up . that 's gonna be way too tight on he . doc I guess I could go down to penny 's and buy he something new . WASHINGTON we still get he dress blue . mueller remember how we use to call the dress blue the tuxedo ? by law you could go to any formal function wear that uniform . sal not that we ever get invite to one ... or would have go if we do . mueller still , it be good to know you be always dress for any occasion . 96 . 72 coffee . a ( continued ) 97 . sal no one ever forget the first time you put it on and look at yourself in the mirror - I be in the U.S. Marine Corps , and I look pretty fuckin ' good . mueller I do remember that feel . WASHINGTON yes , sir . I be glad to know you never forget it . mueller Larry must have look sharp . doc he do . he be proud as a peacock in that uniform . WASHINGTON I know that for a fact . sal pride be the thing . ( to Mueller ) it 's no sin . mueller no , of course not . not that kind . doc I could bury he in he dress uniform , even if . sal yeah . it mean you do something . you serve . fuck what the politician do , you serve . you do not weasel out of it . you do not think it be somebody else 's job . you take it on , man , and you look sharp do it . doc I be gonna . I be gonna bury he in he uniform . mueller good . WASHINGTON never regret it , sir . ( continued ) 73 74 98. sal fuckin ' A. ext . funeral home - morning 73 establish shot . int . funeral home - morning 74 Doc be in the background , talk to leland about various detail . Washington , forever on duty , stand next to the coffin . in the foyer , sal and Mueller sit on oppose bench , wait for doc. sal be study Mueller , look at he over he fold arm . mueller why're you look at I like that ? sal I be sizin ' you up . I be gonna buy you a new suit of clothes . mueller say what ? sal I be gonna dress you up for the occasion . mueller why , may I ask ? sal because I love you . mueller I do not need a new suit of clothes . it 's you need some groom . sal neither of we be properly dress . but we will be , you watch . mueller the thing that come into you head . and out of you mouth . sal the loving you thing rattle you , do not it , old man ? mueller it 's very disturbing . 75 76 77 99 . int . larry room - day 75 in close -up : the ritual of a Marine put on he uniform . then we see it be sal ... and Mueller ... put on uniform complete with the proper insignia . sal do I deliver or do I deliver ? mueller the dude give you this for nothing ? sal on loan . tailor-made . once I tell he why , no charge . now they each don the hat , positioning they just right . look good . Doc come inside and be stop cold . he look at they , speechless . a flood of memory engulf they all . ext . graveside - day 76 Mueller 's cane lean against a empty fold chair . Doc sit at the next chair . Friends and classmate of Larry have gather behind he . next to the graveside be the headstone of Doc 's wife . Mueller stand at the head of the grave . sal at the foot , in they dress uniform . on the other side , Washington stand at attention as the minister back away . they salute . ceremonially , sal and Mueller fold the flag into twelve tight triangular fold . Mueller take Washington 's arm and sal carry the flag over to Doc . sal then hold out the flag to Doc , whose eye be red , he lower lip be quivering . sal Doc , I do not know how grateful the nation be ... or how much the President might regret you loss and all that ... but here it be , you country 's flag . mueller put it somewhere and let it remind you of what you son must have feel in he heart . Doc nod . int . doc be house - day 77 the post - funeral meal . a buffet be set up . the crowd of mostly young people mill about and speak in soft tone . sal , still in uniform , have a young pretty young woman cornere . ( continued ) 100 . sal well ... technically speak I be no longer on active duty ... but if I be , well , look at I . could you resist all this ? girl it would be hard . 78 int . laundry room - day 78 Washington pull down a pair of skivvy drying on a line in the shower . he fold they and put they into he awol bag . the corner of a envelope be visible in a zippere pocket of the bag . he take it out . guilt-stricken . he sit on the toilet , look at the seal envelope . 79 ext . back porch - day 79 Doc and Washington . Doc hold the envelope . WASHINGTON everybody write one , sir . I give mine to Larry , he give he to I . doc what do it say ? WASHINGTON I do not know , sir . doc what do yours say ? WASHINGTON ( beat ) I forget . they look at each other . Washington finally lower he head . 80 int . house - day 80 Mueller approach sal and the girl . mueller you have to come with I . sal I be in the middle of something , padre . girl bye , sarge , nice talk to you . ( continued ) 81 101 . she go . he watch she longingly as she blend into the group . he sigh . sal remember how it use to be ? ext . back porch - day 81 Doc be sit on he back porch . Mueller sit across from he while sal be still stand . sal you gotta open it , doc. mueller he want you to have it , so ... Doc look from one to the other . he open the envelope , unfold the letter . as Doc read silently , we soon see a series of image and we hear he son Larry 's voice . on a shelf in the live room we pan through a series of photo on display : Larry junior as a kid , and in he graduation suit . Mary , a smile Larry and Larry junior , a happy family portrait . the fold flag from the funeral . larry{v.o. ) dear dad . if you be read this , then you have be notify . I be always prepare to sacrifice my life for my country . you have to be ready to die defend what you love . I need you to understand that I be honore to die in this way . do not feel bad that my life be so short . it be a good life . I know you never want I to join the Marines , but you support I even so . I have the great father and I love you . now I be with mom . we will both watch over you . dad , I want you to bury I in my uniform , next to Mom . you loving son , Larry . sal be now sit next to Mueller . Doc look up at they , say nothing . fade out .