black . woman ( v.o. ) you can not trust anyone ... int . motel room - day a cheap short - stay motel room . a strip of daylight show between draw curtain at one of the window . a woman be sit on the edge of the bed , she back to we . she 's on the phone . we track slowly toward she as she speak . woman ( into phone ) there be a time when I trust my husband , but I can not anymore . ( listen ) I think he 's see another woman . ( listen ) well , I be tell that you be very good at what you do . ( listen ) that 's fine . what time ? ( listen ) okay . I will be there . we be in a close shot now . the woman hang up the phone and turn around , and we see she face . she 's beautiful . she 's in she early thirty , very well - put together . her name be gloria conovan . gloria how be I ? sitting in a chair , across the room , in the corner , be a man . his suit jacket be drape over the arm of the chair and he tie be loosely knotted . he have a wary look . he 's about thirty - five . his name be JOHN macdonald . JOHN .-. good . he light a cigarette . gloria can I have one of that ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary JOHN I think you quit . gloria ( smile ) I guess I be just not good at give thing up . she rise from the bed and cross the room . he shake a cigarette loose from the pack . she take it , hold it up to she lip . he light it for she . she smoke in slow , steady pull . gloria ( cont 'd ) I really be try to quit . JOHN I can see that . gloria ( smile ) it do not count if someone else light it . she go to the bureau , primp in the mirror , survey herself critically , be reasonably satisfied . gloria ( cont 'd ) ... something wrong ? JOHN I be just think . someone you know could drive by and see you car . gloria no one I know ever come up here . why -- you afraid we will get catch ? JOHN maybe . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary gloria really ? JOHN be not you ? she make a careless gesture with she cigarette , flick the ash into a ashtray . gloria no. JOHN maybe you should be . gloria ( playfully ) you think someone 's follow you ? JOHN that 's cute . gloria ( teasing ) you ex - wife , maybe ? JOHN please . gloria another woman ? JOHN ( unsmile ) there be no other woman . only you . besides , I do not think you be in a position to be jealous . gloria ( archly ) who say I be jealous ? JOHN I do . she give he a sly smile . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary gloria I think you be put word in my mouth . he 's a little annoyed . JOHN so you would not mind if I be see other woman ? gloria ( still play ) be you gonna cross - examine I , counselor ? JOHN I be serious . gloria okay , fine . I might . JOHN you " might " -- what do that mean ? gloria be that a rhetorical question ? JOHN no . she blow a slant plume of smoke . it swirl around she head . gloria it mean you be have a affair with a marry woman . JOHN do it ever bother you ? gloria what . JOHN that you be marry . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary gloria ( smile ) do it bother you ? he take a deep drag on he cigarette and then crush it out in the ashtray . JOHN I should get back to the office . she stub out she cigarette and sit down on the bed . she give he a languish , invite look . gloria you do not really want to go out into that heat , do you ? he stare at she , absorb the line of she figure , the slim leg sheathed in silk stocking . JOHN it 's not much cooler in here . she slide she skirt up she thigh , revealing the creamy flesh between she stock top . gloria what '1l I do with myself ? he drift toward she . JOHN you could go home to you husband . gloria I will . just not yet . she reach for he , pull he down onto the bed . they tug at each other 's clothes , kissing deeply . JOHN why do I keep take this chance ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary gloria because ... you can not help yourself . black . credit sequence . 2 ext . racetrack - miami - day 3 a concrete grandstand with a tacky , art -deco look . gloria 's mercede convertible turn into the parking lot . gloria park , get out , look around . she have dark sunglass on . beaumont ( 0.s. ) Mrs. conovan ? she turn . at the end of a row of car , a stout , florid man in he early fifty be stand next to a well - batter Crown Victoria . he 's dress in a rumple summer weight suit and a wide - brimm Panama hat . he have the face of a man who 's see thing . this be ned beaumont . gloria approach he . he smile . there 's something oily and smooth about he . he extend a fat pink hand . she shake it . he walk around the car and open the passenger side door . she get in . int . beaumont's car - day 4 it 's a mess . Paper napkin on the floor , a bottle of no doz , a few soda can , a couple of that little carton take - out burger come in . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary beaumont settles himself into the driver 's seat and look over at gloria . she twist she lip , show she distaste . beaumont ( note she expression ) I work out of my car . gloria I never would have guess . beaumont think this would be more private . gloria you meet all you client here ? beaumont well , I spend a lot of time here . I like watch the dog run . ( a beat ) I take it you have never be to the race . gloria no . beaumont it 's a funny thing . the dog chase this mechanical rabbit around the track , but they can never catch it . they just keep chase it around in circle . you would think maybe with a little luck one of ‘em might catch up to it , but it always get away . she turn and gaze out the window . gloria I have never be a great believer in luck . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary beaumont okay , then . let 's talk about what you believe in . gloria I believe my husband 's have a affair . beaumont well , what you believe and what you can prove be two different thing . what make you so sure ? gloria ( evenly ) a wife can tell . beaumont how long have you be marry ? gloria ten year . beaumont have he be unfaithful before ? gloria ... yes . he fix he small , shrewd eye on she . beaumont but you do not have he follow . gloria no . beaumont why now ? gloria I never have a reason to leave . ( a beat ) now I do . beaumont ...- John recommend I ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary gloria yes . I do not think there be private detective anymore , except on tv . beaumont well , it 's not what you think . a lot of the time I just sit in my car and stare at motel . last night I be park outside a motel for five hour , wait for a lady 's husband to come out with he girlfriend . my eyes're still bleary with neon . get some good picture , though . in the closeness of the car , he be start to sweat . he dig into he pocket , take out a sodden handkerchief , blot he forehead with it . beaumont ( cont 'd ) you know if you come to the track at night , they do not let you take picture . they say it spook the dog . I do not know why . they be so involved in what they be do , I hardly think they would notice . she 's not really listen . she reach into she handbag and come out with a manila envelope . she hand it to he . he tuck it into he jacket . beaumont ( cont 'd ) you include a recent picture , and address ? gloria yes. ( a beat ) ..- and this be strictly confidential ? beaumont ' course it be . ( a beat ) ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 10 beaumont ( cont 'd ) now , I oughta shove off . I have a lot of get around to do , and I do not want to rush . she look at he coolly and get out of the car , leave the door open . he stare at it for a moment , then lean over and pull it shut . ext . STREET - NORTH miami - day a seedy two - part commercial block . a late model dodge coupe pull over to the curb . John get out . he shrug he jacket on as he head into a small office building . int . john' office - reception - day a cheaply furnish reception room . John come in . his secretary , susan , be sit behind the desk . she 's a lanky , sunburn girl , barely past twenty . JOHN ( brusque , but not unpleasant ) any message ? she push a phone message slip toward he . susan the judge postpone you alimony hearing another twenty - one day . he pick up the message slip . JOHN anything else ? susan ... I call to order that office supplies ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 11 JOHN uh-huh -- susan ( hesitantly ) -- and they say that you account be past due . they would not accept any new charge . JOHN ( nonpluss ) all right . I will pick they up myself . he head into he private office . she gather she thing . susan should I bother come in tomorrow ? JOHN yeah . half day . int . john' office - day 7 a cramped office with a busy , cluttere look . bookshelve line with legal code , a couple of file cabinet , stack of legal pad , a dictaphone recorder . John sit at he desk , which be cover with work he have not get to . he 's on the phone . the sun cut through the blind behind he in glaring strip . JOHN ( into phone ) believe I , I be aware of that , but this be my divorce here ... ( listen ) I handle it myself , so I know the alimony 's subject to review . ( listen ) because I be the one who put in the provision that say the court have to re-examine it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 12 he swivel he chair toward the window , squint , close the blind slat . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) that 's fine , but they still have to rule on whether the payment should be discontinue . ( listen ) I do not think you understand . I have reach the point where I be send she everything I make , and I can not do it anymore . ( listen ) well , if she 's work , she do not need it -- she 's self - sufficient . ( listen ) okay , I do not have time for this . I have too much to do . you know where to reach I . ( listen ) yeah , ' bye . he slam the phone down . ext . parking lot - late afternoon a parking lot that overlook the water . beaumont 's car be park at the water 's edge . int . beaumont's car - late afternoon he 's tucking into a hamburger . he have some fries spread out on a paper napkin on the dashboard , a cup fill with soda in the cup-holder . there 's a heap of napkin on the passenger seat . he look out the window . John 's car pull up , stop . John get out and approach . beaumont roll he window down . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 13 beaumont get in . John glance into the car . JOHN ... why do not we talk out here . beaumont I be eat . ( a beat ) you want some fries ? JOHN no . beaumont all right . I be almost finish . JOHN finish out here . beaumont get out of the car , the burger in he hand . beaumont you be in a good mood . ( a beat ) what 's the matter -- you fall short on you alimony again ? JOHN what make you say that ? beaumont I be a private investigator . it 's my job to know this thing . JOHN right. ( a beat ) -.. you meet with Mrs. conovan ? beaumont uh-huh . JOHN what would you think ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 14 beaumont she 's a eyeful . ( a beat ) you two a item ? JOHN I be not gonna dignify that with a answer . beaumont ( smile ) you could dignify it with a no . JOHN ( all business ) .-- how long 's it gonna take ? beaumont depend on how long it take she husband to make a mistake . JOHN should not be too long . beaumont how do you know ? JOHN ( a slight smile ) I be a divorce attorney . it 's my job to know this thing . beaumont bolt down the last of he burger , then wipe the grease off he hand with a napkin . he bunch the napkin up and toss it onto the ground . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly serious ) what be you do ? beaumont what do you mean ? JOHN pick that up . beaumont be you serious ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 10 10a 10b 10c 15 JOHN there 's a fifty dollar fine for littering , and I be a officer of the court . ( a beat ) pick it up . beaumont look at John , realize he 's serious . with a sigh , he bend down , pick up the napkin , stuff it into he pocket . beaumont ( slightly amused ) you always like this ? John turn , head to he car . JOHN I do not like it when people do not clean up after themselves . ext . cul -de - sac - coconut grove - late afternoon 10 modest Spanish - style house . John 's car swing into the driveway of a stucco house with a tile roof . int . JOHN be house - late afternoon 10a John come in , throw he jacket across a chair , set he briefcase down . int . john' kitchen - late afternoon 10b John open the refrigerator and stand there for a moment , try to cool off . he pull a beer off the rack . int . john' live room - late afternoon 10 cc John walk over to the window , look out , loosen he tie , sip he beer . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 15a int . john' bathroom - late afternoon 11 John look at he reflection in the mirror . he turn the faucet on , get a handful of water , splashes it on he face . the water run down he chin and drip . he look at himself again . a smile pull at the corner of he mouth . ext . downtown STREET - miami - day 12 a street line with mirrore , shimmer building . expensive condominium and soar commercial structure . beaumont sit in he car , eye fix on the entrance of a tall office building across the street . he wear a desultory shave . his clothes be limp , unfresh . there 's a half - eat sandwich in a wrapper on the dashboard . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 16 tom conovan stride out of the building . he 's a powerfully build man in he fifty , nicely dress in a well - cut suit . he 's carry a expensive attache case . he look up and down the crowded street , then start walk . after a moment , he blend in with dozen of other people . Men in tailore suit and woman in stylish dress . beaumont jot a few note on a small pad . sweat glisten on he round cheek . ext . conovan house - coral gable - late afternoon 13 a golden-hue mansion fan by tower palm tree . gloria 's mercede be park in the driveway . Tom 's cadillac convertible pull in next to it . ext . rear of house - late afternoon 14 a wide sweep of emerald grass . sunlight glitter off a spectacular pool . gloria be in the water , swim lap . she swim with a perfect crawl and a powerful kick . Tom come out , walk down to the end of the pool . there 's a glass - top table with a umbrella and several deck chair . he ease himself gingerly into one of the chair and watch gloria . she do a barrel turn , swim another length , and then climb out of the pool . she 's wear a skintight racing style swimsuit , one piece , cut high on the leg . Water glisten off she lean , athletic body . she grab a towel , pat herself dry . gloria you be home early . tom get a meeting tonight , wanna change clothes . ( conversationally ) that a new suit ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 17 gloria no . she gather she wet hair in both hand , sweep it up off the nape of she neck . gloria ( cont 'd ) get time for a swim ? tom no , I should go . he rub he eye . he 's tired . gloria -.- what be it ? tom ah , it 's this new high -rise . we be schedule to break ground in about a month , but the construction loan have not close yet . gloria can not you just postpone the ground - break ? tom it 's not that simple . gloria ( smile thinly ) right . I guess I be too dumb to understand . as they be talk , a Cuban may come out of the house carry a tray with a glass of iced tea on it . she 's in she early twenty . even in she sexless uniform she 's a strike woman . her name be aurora ruiz . gloria ( cont 'd ) ( to Tom ) you think you will be back in time for dinner ? tom ( distract ) no . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 18 aurora set the tray down , turn , and head back into the house . she move with a easy sure - foote grace . as she walk away , Tom watch she . his nostril flare . his eye glaze . gloria note this . tom ( cont 'd ) who 's that ? gloria aurora . tom she new ? gloria mm-hmm . tom what happen to Maria ? gloria pick up she drink , take a sip , hold the cool glass against she forehead . gloria she be not really do she job . I have to let she go . tom what about this one -- the pay the same ? gloria ( exhaling irritably ) of course . I know what the budget be . she turn and walk toward the house . int . conovan house - night 15 aurora be in the kitchen , stand at the counter , clean up from dinner . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 18a Tom , have just come home , walk past the kitchen . he 's in a suit , he attache case in one hand . he stop and watch she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 16 19 she lean over the sink , rinse a plate , load it into the dishwasher . tom ( 0.s. ) you like it here ? she turn around , a little startle . after a awkward pause , she give he a small , polite smile . aurora ( with a accent ) yes , sir . tom everything okay ? aurora ( nodd ) yes . tom Mrs. conovan -- you get along with she ? aurora ( a little uncomfortable ) yes , of course . tom ( smile ) good. ( a beat ) you have a problem , you can always come to I , okay ? aurora yes , sir . thank you . he stand there for a moment , smile , and then he turn away . she watch he as he go . ext . conovan house - day 16 a lush flower garden . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 20 aurora be cut flower , place they into a basket . gloria be stand nearby . she 's wear a large sun hat . gloria ..- have you decide ? aurora ( nervous ) ay , sefora . ( a beat ) this be hard for I . gloria think about you family . you will have enough money to bring they here from Cuba . aurora ( close to tear ) I know . but for I to do this ... she trail off , snip a flower off with she clipper . gloria look , you have see how he treat I . if you help I , I will be able to get a divorce , and this house will be mine . you will have a place here with I as long as you want . aurora be on the verge of great emotion now . gloria take hold of she arm . gloria ( cont 'd ) ( firmly ) look at I . aurora slowly look at she . gloria ( cont 'd ) ( calmly ) I know how hard this be . ( a beat ) you believe in God , do not you ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 17 18 21 aurora ( softly ) yes . gloria then you know that if you ask him to forgive you , he will . aurora nod . aurora ( regain she composure ) ...- what if Mr. conovan do not want I ? gloria ( laugh sharply ) have you see the way he look at you ? aurora flush with shyness . she nod . gloria ( cont 'd ) well , then , just remember -- the best way to chase something be to let it chase you . int . john' office - reception - late afternoon 17 John come in . he cross the reception room , open the door to he office . int . john' office - late afternoon 18 gloria be sit in a chair in front of John 's desk . she smile . JOHN how would you get in ? gloria you secretary let I in , before she leave . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 22 JOHN you should not have come here . we need to be careful . she get up and move toward he . she put she hand around he neck and pull he head toward hers , until they mouth all but touch . gloria I be always careful . besides , you be my attorney . we could account for a couple of visit , could not we ? JOHN that 's not the point . gloria do not be angry ... she kiss he . he pull back , gaze at she . gloria ( cont 'd ) what 's that look ? JOHN I can not believe you be with I . ( a beat ) you could have any man you want . gloria you be the man I want . JOHN you sure ? gloria all my life , man have be choose I . now I be choose you . her arm tighten around he . JOHN be you sure you want to go ahead with this thing ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 23 gloria yes ... ( pull back , look into he eye ) be not you ? JOHN ..- it 's just that I have see a lot of people get divorced . I have be through it . and it 's never easy . gloria it 's the only way to get everything we want . JOHN be it ? gloria my husband think I should be able to manage with what he give I , which be a generous amount for a reasonable woman . ( smile ) it just so happen that I be not a reasonable woman . ( a beat ) besides , we be do this for we . I think that 's what you want . JOHN it be . gloria do not say it if you do not mean it . JOHN I mean it . I would not want to be with anyone else . gloria neither would I . JOHN even if we be not do this ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 24 gloria yes . JOHN ..- but I know I could never give you what he could . gloria why would you say that ? JOHN it 's the truth . a honest lawyer do not make much . gloria ( smile ) you be not that honest . JOHN ( a quality of fate in he voice ) well , whatever I have get , it 's yours . whatever you need , I '1l get . gloria that 's what I love about you . but you do not need to worry , because we be go to have plenty . JOHN I just do not want anything to go wrong . gloria nothing 's go to go wrong . we be close now . we just need to follow thing through . JOHN I know , I just -- gloria -- you want to know if aurora 's in , right ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 25 JOHN that would be a good place to start . gloria yes . JOHN yes what ? gloria yes , she 's go to lead my husband astray . yes , we be go to have the photo to prove it . yes , he will be force to pay I . yes , yes , yes ... they kiss . JOHN ... when 's it gonna happen ? gloria I do not know . JOHN soon ? gloria we need to wait for the right moment . JOHN so what 's the plan ? gloria well , I be think ... after he and I have a argument , I could go out somewhere for a while , leave he alone in the house with she ... JOHN ( skeptical ) I think it will take more than that . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 19 20 26 gloria ( smile ) you have not see what she look like . JOHN well , I be sure you husband 's a careful man . I do not think he get where he be by make mistake . gloria he do not . they kiss again . gloria ( cont 'd ) .-- but nobody 's perfect . int . conovan house - late afternoon 19 gloria be on the phone . gloria ( into phone ) where be you ? ext . payphone - late afternoon 20 beaumont 's car be park next to a open-air phone . the racetrack be visible in the background . he 's on the phone , dishevel and bleary - eye , still dress in he grimy , unpress suit . his scruffy tie be crooked . intercut between gloria and beaumont . beaumont ( into phone ) I have be at the track . figure I would come and watch the dog a while . gloria ( sarcastic ) sound exciting . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 27 beaumont well , it 's like I tell you -- the rabbit always win . he take out a small package of sunflower seed . a few pigeon waddle by . he toss they a handful of seed . gloria ( become impatient ) right . so do you have anything ? beaumont not yet . he 's be a good boy . if you want , I will keep follow he , but it 's gonna get expensive . gloria well , look , I be not that concerned about day . just stay on he a few more night . beaumont all right . he hang up the phone , look around . he toss the pigeon some more seed . they peck away at the ground . 21 int . conovan house - night 21 Tom and gloria sit at opposite end of the dining room table , which be set with fine china and crystal . they be finish dinner . she push she food around on she plate . tom not hungry ? gloria I have have enough . tom ( with a wide , mean smile ) ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 28 tom ( cont 'd ) guess you be at that age where you need to start watch what you eat . she rest she tan arm on the table , give he a jaundice look . gloria have you decide if you be come to the gallery open ? he slice off a piece of rare sirloin , raise the fork to he mouth , chew . tom no , you go . just do not buy anything . gloria do not worry . with what you give I , I could not afford to . he shake he head . tom ( laugh irritably ) it must be rough on you , live in this house , wonder which dress you be gonna wear and which car you be gonna drive . you do not have that problem when I meet you . who know -- if we have not meet , you might still be work as a stewardess . she finger the stem of she wine glass , inspect a crescent she lip have leave on the rim . gloria I be not complain . tom ' course not . you know better than to do that . she tuck she hair behind she ear . her bejewel earlobe glitter . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 29 tom ( cont 'd ) Nice earring . gloria ( without look at he ) thank you . he pick up a piece of french bread , run it through the juice on he plate , put it in he mouth , wash it down with some red wine . tom I do not remember buy that for you . gloria I buy they for myself . he grimace , show he tooth . there 's a sudden intensity in he eye . a hint of menace . tom they expensive ? she look up slowly . there 's a scornful expression around she mouth . gloria ( a edge to she voice ) why -- be you go to deduct they from my allowance ? he stare at she for a moment , then slice off another piece of steak and chew it . tom I just wanna know where my money 's go . gloria well , it be only money , Tom . tom ( glower ) yeah . mine . he rise , walk away from the table . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 30 22 int . entrance hall - night 22 Tom head for the door . gloria follow he . gloria where be you go ? tom ( terse ) out . gloria where ? tom why , you gonna miss I ? he walk out . she blink , stand there , stare at the door . 23 ext . road - night 23 Tom be tooling around in he convertible . there 's a bus stop ahead . as Tom get closer to it , he see aurora sit on the bench . she 's wear a nice , simple dress . Tom slow down and pull over to the curb . tom hey , where you head ? aurora I be go to get something to eat . tom you want some company ? aurora oh , no , that 's okay . he lean over , open the passenger side door . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 31 tom come on , I will take you somewhere . reluctantly , she get into the car and close the door . tom ( cont 'd ) fasten you seat belt . aurora what ? he tug on he seat belt . aurora ( cont 'd ) ( a little embarrassed ) oh , yes . he watch , amused , as she struggle with the belt . tom you look nice . aurora thank you , sir . tom you do not have to call I that . call I Tom . aurora ( diffidently ) I can not do that . tom ( mock serious ) who 's the boss ? aurora ( laugh ) you , sir . tom ( smile ) okay , then . call I Tom . he drop the car into gear , and they pull away . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 24 32 int . bar - night 24 Tom and aurora be sit at a table , sip drink . tom ( look around ) I like this place . aurora ( smile ) I too . tom how do you say " I too " in Spanish ? aurora yo tambien . tom ( mangle it ) yo tambien . she laugh . tom ( cont 'd ) ( chuckle ) that bad , huh ? aurora ( touch he arm ) no , no , I should not laugh . I be sorry . tom ( amused ) do not be . she lean forward to sip she drink , revealing a bit more of what he can not help but notice . tom ( cont 'd ) so , you have a boyfriend ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 25 aurora ( sheepishly ) no . tom 33 I find that hard to believe , a girl as pretty as you . aurora ... I come to this country by myself . I guess learn my way tom how long have you aurora I be still around . be here ? not that long . twelve of we come over on a raft . like the water , I do not and I be afraid . but then I see the light of Miami ... it be so beautiful . ( a beat ) I just wish my family could have come . tom ..- well , I be glad you come . aurora ( smile ) yo tambien . Tom laugh . int . tom be car - night 25 Tom and aurora be park outside the bar . he lean toward she . be this close the scent of she . the allure . aurora ( hold he no , I can not ... to she be too much for he . he move in for a kiss . off ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 34 he work he lip together as if taste something he like . he move in again . she move back again . she 's run out of room . tom tell I what you want . anything . aurora please ... ( a beat ) just take I home . tom I will not hurt you . I promise . aurora and tomorrow ...? he give she a wet smile . tom do not worry , sweetheart . you know the old song ? mafiana never come . 25a ext . motel 25 a a cheap motel with a neon sign . 26 int . motel room - night 26 shabby , anonymous furniture . Tom be in the bathroom . the door be half - close . a narrow shaft of light slice out across the floor . aurora sit in a chair in the corner . she seem nervous , scared . glancing around , she notice the heavy curtain block the window . she get up , go to the window , part the curtain . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 27 34a int . bathroom - night 27 Tom splashes a handful of water on he face . he grab a towel , dry he face off . he look at he reflection in the mirror . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 35 int . motel room - night 28 the bathroom door open . Tom come out . it 's time . aurora turn around . he move toward she . he look into she eye , smooth she hair back . tom ( almost tenderly ) it 's okay . he take she by the wrist , lead she to the bed , sit on the edge of it . she stand there as he admire the full swell of she breast . she seem embarrassed . he cup she breast in he hand and look up at she . tom ( cont 'd ) be this all right ...? aurora ( quietly ) yes . tom let 's see what 's underneath this ... he reach for the top button of she dress , unfasten it , and pause . then he unfasten the next button . he can see she bra now . next button . tom ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) could you ...? she look at he for a moment , then unfasten she dress so that it hang loose on she shoulder . he reach up and slip the dress down , just a bit , he eye fix on the top of she breast . she shrug out of the dress and let he pull it all the way down , until it 's at she foot . she be wear a modest white bra and panty set . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 36 he be mesmerize . her figure be even more voluptuous than he have imagine . he put he hand on she waist , kiss she stomach . his hand move over she skin . she 's start to realize how much power she have over he , but she be not sure how to use it , or even how much she want it . she 's not immune to what he 's do to she , though . she like it . she 's stand with she back to we now . she reach back and unclasp she bra , and the only thing that 's keep it in place be he grip on she breast . he lift he hand , and the bra slip off . he grip he arm around she back and pull she down onto the bed . int . beaumont's car - night 29 beaumont be park outside the motel , clutching a camera with a long telephoto lens . he train the camera at the motel window and click off a few quick shot . he let out a yawn . int . conovan house - night 30 the phone ring . gloria answer it . gloria ( into phone ) hello . beaumont ( 0.s. ) ( from phone ) Mrs. conovan ? gloria yes . beaumont ( 0.s. ) you recognize the voice ? gloria uh-huh ... have you get something ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 31 beaumont ( 0.s. ) yes mar 'am . I believe you owe I some money . there 's a click on the other end . 37 she hang up , sit there for a moment . then she pick up the phone and hit the speed dial . int . john' bedroom - night 31 the room be dark . John lie in bed , face down , sprawle out . the phone on the nightstand ring . he turn on a light , open one eye , look at the phone , answer it . intercut between gloria and JOHN . JOHN ( into phone ) hello ? gloria hi . it 's I . JOHN ( sleepy ) hey . gloria I just get a call ... JOHN uh-huh . gloria I will have the picture tomorrow . ( a beat ) I hope they be good . JOHN do not worry . they will be good enough to frame . gloria ... I wish you could be here . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 32 38 JOHN I know . we will be together soon . gloria okay . ( sweetly ) go back to sleep . she hang up the phone . a smile flash across she face . ext . conovan house - morning 32 a beautiful morning . a blue sky fleece with perfectly white cloud . gloria , wrap in a thick terry cloth robe , sit at the table by the pool . she sip a glass of orange juice . Tom come out of the house . he 's wear suit pants without the jacket . he pick up he juice , take a long swallow . gloria you be out late last night . tom ( nonchalant ) ran into a friend . gloria do you ? ( a beat ) a male friend , or a female one ? tom it be Stan carlisle . aurora come out , carry a serve tray . gloria look at she . Tom do not see she , because she 's behind he . gloria so how be he ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 39 tom he 's fine . Said to say hello . gloria really . how nice . aurora set the tray down . there 's a large cover plate with Tom 's breakfast , a smaller one with he bagel , a platter with some cream cheese on it , a fork , a large knife , a smaller knife to spread the cream cheese . gloria seem to be enjoy the awkward tension between Tom and aurora . she watch as they ignore each other . aurora uncover the larger plate . gloria ( cont 'd ) look good . tom ( gruff ) yeah . aurora turn and head back into the house . Tom throw he tie over he shoulder , start eat . neither one speak for a moment . the only sound be the tiny click of Tom 's knife and fork against he plate . gloria something bother you ? tom why ? gloria you be not act like yourself . tom really ? how be I act ? gloria I do not know ... ( a beat ) tell I , what be Stan wear ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 40 tom ( irritably ) what ? gloria last night , when you run into he . ( a beat ) a suit ? pant and a sport jacket ? ( a beat ) a low cut dress ? he jab a piece of egg , skewer a bit of ham , sip he last swallow of juice , dab he mouth with a napkin . tom ( catch off guard ) what be you talk about ? gloria I think you have a idea . tom ( mutter ) Christ ... ( a long sighing exhalation ) I do not need this . not this morning . he rise , walk away . gloria watch he go . gloria ( smile ) have a nice day , sweetheart . 33 ext . payphone - day 33 beaumont be on the phone . beaumont ( into phone ) I would like to make a reservation . ( listen ) ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 41 beaumont ( cont 'd ) two adult . ( listen ) want it in the name of Tom conovan . ( a beat ) let I give you my credit card number . ext . motel - day 34 the same cheap motel . a exterior hall balcony on each floor have the entrance door to the room . beaumont 's car turn into the parking lot . int . motel office - day 35 the clerk look up as beaumont enter . clerk can I help you ? beaumont I have get a reservation . it 's under Tom conovan . the clerk go over he reservation list . it 's short . clerk conovan , yeah , here it be . you he ? beaumont no , he will be here later . beaumont hand the clerk a credit card . the clerk check the number against what 's on he reservation list . clerk this be for you . he hand beaumont a registration form . beaumont check the form to make sure that " Tom conovan " be list as the room 's primary occupant . beaumont room 110 available ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 42 clerk let I check . the clerk go over he reservation list again . clerk ( cont 'd ) yeah . here ya go . 110 . the clerk hand beaumont a key with a large plastic tag . clerk ( cont 'd ) just turn leave when you walk out . beaumont thanks . 36 int . conovan house - day 36 gloria be talk with aurora in the master bedroom . aurora be clearly feel mix emotion about what she 's do . gloria it 's over now . you do not have to do anything else . aurora now you divorce he ? gloria uh-huh . and then we can start to work on bring you family here . aurora ( move ) oh , sefiora . this mean everything to I . gloria I know it do . she put a arm around gloria , lead she to the bedroom door . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 43 aurora ... thank you . gloria ( smile ) no . thank you . 37 int . motel room - day 37 beaumont be stretch out on the bed , the phone press to he ear . he dial . after a moment : beaumont ( into phone ) hi , uh -- you be not by any chance the same desk clerk who be on duty this afternoon ? ( listen ) no , I do not think so . ( listen ) well , the thing be , I be here last night , in the same room , but I lose my statement . I be wonder if I could get another copy of it . ( listen ) Tom conovan . c-o-n-o-v-a-n. ( listen ) if you could just slide it under my door , that would be great . 38 int . darkroom - day 38 darkness . we hear the click of a pull-string . a red light bulb be illuminate . we be in a makeshift darkroom . it 's crowded with metal develop pan , bottle of chemical , package of photo paper , developer bath , stop bath , fix bath . beaumont slide a piece of photo paper into the developer bath . the paper sink in the solution until it 's submerge . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 39 40 44 sweat roll into he eye . he wipe he forehead with a sleeve . then , gently , he lift a corner of the pan up and down so that the solution flow back and forth over the paper . delicate work . by degree , pale and indistinct form appear on the paper . he examine they . a high - contrast black - and - white image materialize . it 's Tom and aurora , in the motel room . he smile . ext . coffee shop - evening 39 a darken sky . incandescent light from within the coffee shop . int . coffee shop - evening 40 gloria be seat in a vinyl booth . beaumont come in , look around , see she . he approach and slide into the booth . beaumont ( genial ) greeting and salutation . he place a manila envelope on the table between they . she unfasten the clasp , bend back the flap , reach into the envelope and pull out a 8 x 10 black - and - white photo . it 's grainy , but the face be unmistakably that of Tom and aurora . they be stand in the motel room . gloria stare down at the photo , a smooth untrouble look on she face . beaumont fan himself with he hat . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 45 beaumont ( cont 'd ) you seem to be take this a lot better than I think you would . she glance at he coolly , then take a few more photo out of the envelope and look at they . they be progressively more compromise . one of they show Tom and aurora on the bed , without they clothes . gloria 's untrouble look turn abruptly hard . beaumont ( cont 'd ) that 's one of my favorite . do not have a hell of a lot of light to work with , but there 's no doubt about what that two be do . she put the photo down on the table and push they into a stack with she finger . beaumont ( cont 'd ) there 's a copy of you husband 's bill for the room in there , too . she slide a thick pay envelope across the table . he pick it up and turn it over in he plump hand . he open it . there 's a packet of stiff new bill inside . beaumont ( cont 'd ) genuine coin a' the realm . he take the bill out , count they , tap they edge into alignment . he stuff they back into the envelope and tuck the flap in over they . gloria all fifty , as request . beaumont I appreciate that . anything larger create problem . and I do not like have problem . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 46 gloria you like have money , though . beaumont .-- I like have peace of mind . which be not the same thing . ( a beat ) it 's like the man say . money 's round . it roll toward you , and it roll away . she pick up the photo and slip they into the manila envelope . gloria do anyone besides John know I hire you ? beaumont not a soul . gloria good . if my husband ever find out about this , I be afraid it would be over between we . beaumont ( smile bleakly ) well , I be not a marriage counselor , but offhand I would say it 's already over between you . as he slide out of the booth , he hack out a chuckle . beaumont ( cont 'd ) look at it this way -- half of all marriage end in divorce . which be not as bad as it sound , when you consider the other half end in death . gloria ..- you be a interesting man . beaumont ( put on he hat ) it 's just a act . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 41 47 ext . conovan house - afternoon 41 Tom be at the front door , try to fit he key into the lock . it be not work . he rattles the knob , lean on the doorbell . we hear distant chime . gloria ( 0.s. ) ( through the intercom ) yes ? tom ( into intercom ) my key 's not work . gloria ( 0.s. ) I have the lock change this morning . tom what 's go on ? gloria ( 0.s. ) you do not live here anymore . tom let I in . there be no response . tom ( cont 'd ) come on ... ( a beat ) we can discuss this . gloria ( 0.s. ) you can discuss it with my attorney . he pound on the door . tom open the goddamn door ! he pound on the door again , then step back and stare at it . he blink with vacant eye . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 48 42 int . JOHN be car - afternoon 42 John be cruise along . his cellular phone ring . he answer it . JOHN ( into phone ) hello. ( listen ) uh-huh. ( listen ) all right . I will be there soon . 43 ext . conovan house - afternoon 43 John ring the bell . the door open , and gloria be there . she be smile . she step away from the door , and John enter the house . 44 int . house - afternoon 44 gloria lead John through the house toward the pool . JOHN ( look around ) aurora here ? gloria I send she out to run some errand . JOHN where 's you husband ? gloria when he come home this afternoon I tell he I would have the lock change . he 's already go . 45 ext . rear of house - afternoon 45 John and gloria come out of the house . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 46 49 she stretch herself out on a chaise lounge . he shuck off he suit jacket , sit in a deck chair . JOHN any idea where he might spend the night ? she turn she face toward the sun . gloria do it matter ? JOHN I think we should serve he with the papers as soon as possible . gloria he will probably sleep on he boat . JOHN you do not think he would check into a hotel ? gloria that 's the interesting thing about Tom -- he 's get more money than he know what to do with , but he would rather die than spend any of it . ext . marina - late afternoon 46 Tom be unload gear and supplies from the trunk of he car . a sleek ocean-going yacht be tie up at the dock behind he . a car wheel into the parking lot . a man get out . he walk up to Tom . man Tom conovan ? Tom look up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 47 50 tom yeah . the man flourish a sheaf of typewritten page . man this be for you . the man unceremoniously hand over the document , then walk away . Tom look at the papers . the top page read : in the circuit court of the 11th circuit in and for dade county , florida . family division . in re : the dissolution of MARRIAGE . " petitioner : wife . " Tom 's jaw sag . int . law firm - day 47 a well - appoint conference room . John and gloria be seat at a long table . John 's nerve be clearly on edge . gloria , look cool in a fitte skirt suit , be preternaturally calm . across the table , Tom be seat next to he attorney , SAM masterson . he 's a heavy man in he late fifty , sharply dress in a custom suit . Tom flip through the photo of he and aurora . his face be grim . he pass the photo to masterson . masterson glance at a couple of they , lay they on the table . masterson at this point my client be willing to consider reconciliation . JOHN we have rule that out . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 51 masterson then I would like to propose a thirty day cool off period before initiate any proceedings . JOHN my client have make a decision . she do not need any more time . masterson ( nodd equably ) all right . if you have get a proposal , let 's hear it . JOHN monthly alimony payment in the amount of twenty thousand dollar , plus sole possession of the house and fifty percent of all cash and liquid asset . masterson ( smile tightly ) let 's be reasonable . JOHN that be reasonable . you client sign a prenuptial agreement . I believe you draw it up for he , so I be sure you be familiar with its provision . and I be sure you realize that a court be go to rule in we favor . masterson well , I be not as sure you be . JOHN you client plainly violate the agreement 's fidelity clause . gloria give Tom a hurt , reproachful look . it seem perfectly sincere . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 52 masterson I think that 's for a court to decide . John look squarely at masterson . JOHN look , I have a witness who can testify that you client check into a motel with another woman , I have a copy of he statement for the room , and I have photo of everything . the color have drain from masterson 's face . he compress he lip into a narrow seam . JOHN ( cont 'd ) now : you can allow you client to be humiliate in a very public way , or we can avoid all of that and agree on a settlement . it 's up to you . tom gloria , for God 's sake . can not we talk about this ? JOHN my client be not here to answer question . you have she term . masterson her term be outrageous . JOHN ..- all right , then . if there 's nothing else , I think we be finish . he point to the photo . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you can keep that , and the receipt from the motel . we have copy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 53 JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( to gloria ) shall we ? John and gloria stand . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( to Tom and he attorney ) gentlemen . he open the door , hold it for gloria , follow she out . Tom sit there and watch they go . he be white with anger . int . corridor - day 48 John and gloria step into a elevator . John press a button . the door close . int . elevator - day 49 John and gloria be alone in the elevator . they look at each other for a moment . she move closer to he , then kiss he deeply and pin he against the wall . she reach bluntly between he leg . gloria be this for I ? ext . office build - day 50 John and gloria step outside , keep a respectable distance from each other , casually smoothing they clothes . they head across the parking lot toward they car . he be smile . her face be flushed with excitement . her eye be brilliant . they walk in silence for a moment . when they do speak , they do not look at each other . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 54 gloria I want you more right now than I ever have . JOHN ( grin ) really . they come to she car . he turn , offer he handshake . she take he hand , shake it for show . gloria will you follow I back to the house ? he nod . she get into the car . he look around , then head toward he own car . ext . office build - another angle - day 51 beaumont stand behind a pillar . he 's be watch John and gloria . he take a small pad out of he hip pocket , make a note . he smile . int . conovan house - late afternoon 52 John follow gloria into the live room . gloria we do it . JOHN it 's not completely do . gloria he can not contest anything . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 55 JOHN it still have to be present to the court for write approval . the judge have to sign off on it . gloria I think you be excited . a smile do not entirely hide he wariness . JOHN I be . gloria then do not worry so much . she head to the bar . she pick up a tumbler , fill it with ice , splashes some bourbon into it , hand it to he . she fix one for herself , hold it up to the light . she tap she glass against he . gloria ( cont 'd ) to we . they drink . she crack a ice cube between she tooth . she sit on the sofa , sink back onto it , cross she leg . her drink dangle from she hand . she swing she upper leg gently . gloria ( cont 'd ) ( with a sexy pout ) so ... what we should we do now ? JOHN ( smile ) I do not know . he move toward she . he set he glass down and lightly stroke she cheek . she set she glass down , hold he gaze . he bend down and kiss she . she pull he to she tightly , move she hand over he body . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 56 int . master bedroom - morning 53 John stir and wake up . he 's alone in the bed . he scrub at he eye with he knuckle , look around . the bathroom door be open and the shower be run . he swing he foot to the floor , sit on the edge of the bed , hunch forward . he notice a frame photo on the nightstand . the photo show Tom and gloria stand on a sunstruck beach . Tom 's wear a long beach robe , and gloria be in a swimsuit . John trace he finger down gloria 's leg . then he eye shift over to Tom , whose head be throw back slightly . Tom be laugh . gloria ( 0.s. ) I have be meaning to do something about that . John turn he head . gloria , fresh out of the shower , be frame in the doorway of the bathroom . she have a plush bath sheet wrap tightly around she shapely figure . she move past he , pluck the photo off the nightstand , toss it into a drawer . she sit down next to he on the bed . gloria ( cont 'd ) ...- we do not have to hide from anyone now . he rub the back of he neck . she move behind he on the bed , start lightly massage he neck and shoulder . she speak softly into he ear : gloria ( cont 'd ) we can finally be together . take care of each other . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 57 gloria ( cont 'd ) and with the money we have get , you will not have any problem make that alimony payment . JOHN ( laugh ) my ex - wife will be thrilled . gloria I be sure she will be . but none of that matter , do it ? no one else really matter now . it 's just we . JOHN when be you go to pay aurora ? gloria when the divorce be finalize . ( a beat ) and then I be go to fire she . JOHN what ? gloria you see the picture . you have see she body . you do not think I want that body walk around in front of you every day , do you ? he lie down on the bed . she lie down next to he . JOHN it 's good to know that you trust I so much . gloria sorry ... ( a beat ) it 's be a long time since I be in a loving relationship . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 54 58 JOHN you have be marry for ten year . gloria ( laugh mournfully ) that 's what I mean . JOHN you do not consider that a relationship ? gloria I do not know . it never really feel like he be my husband . ( a beat ) it feel more like ... a arrangement . JOHN a " arrangement " ? gloria yeah . it be like we have a deal . he actually use that word . " let 's make a deal . " JOHN ... what be the deal ? gloria my look . his money . JOHN ..- that 's romantic . gloria well , I know what I have to offer he , and he know what he have to offer I . ext . marina - day 54 a couple of seagull wheel around lazily over the water . Tom 's car pull up . he get out . he 's wear a T-shirt , a pair of short , deck shoe . he have a few day of beard on he face . he walk out onto the dock , pause to admire he boat . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 59 beaumont ( 0.s. ) she 's a beauty . Tom start , turn , look around . beaumont be stand in the parking lot . he push he hat back on he head , gesture toward the boat . beaumont ( cont 'd ) you take she out much ? tom who be you ? beaumont ( smile inscrutably ) I be the man 's gonna haul you ass out of the fire . 55 ext . boat - day 55 Tom and beaumont sit at the stern , each with a beer . beaumont ( dry , matter - of - fact ) I have do a lot of work for John , but when he call I about you wife , I know there be something strange about it . the way he talk about she . it get my attention . I decide to do some freelance work , start tailing he . saw he meet up with you wife in a parking lot . follow they to a motel , get some nice picture of they together . ( a beat ) all of this go down before I take the picture of you . Tom sit there , wait for more . finally : tom how much ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 60 beaumont ( chuckle ) you get right to it , do not you ? tom how much ? beaumont ( sip he drink ) well , I would say that depend on how much you want what I have . tom what -- some picture ? beaumont no , no , no . this be not '' some picture . " this be the picture that be go to nullify the infidelity charge you wife be use to take away a whole lot of you money . from what I have hear , she 's do quite a number on you . quite a set-up . tom ( watchful ) what do you mean , " set - up " ? beaumont the girl -- aurora ? I go to the agency she work out of . you wife have a cattle call at you house before she pick she . seem she be look for a very specific type of girl . ( smile ) the type you would find irresistible . tom ( staggered ) .+- the girl be in on it ? beaumont you be there . you tell I . do she come on to you , ever ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 61 tom ( nonpluss ) ..- no. beaumont and that night ? tom she be wait for a bus . we wound up go to a bar ... ( a beat ) how would you know where we be ? beaumont it 's my job to know this thing . tom ( think out loud ) I wonder how much gloria 's pay she . beaumont not enough , consider . tom would you be willing to give a deposition ? beaumont ( get up to leave ) absolutely . no extra charge . tom all right . I will call my lawyer , see if I can get a extension on the hearing . ( drain he glass ) you bring I the picture , we will talk about money . 56 ext . road - day 56 Tom 's car be park next to beaumont 's . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 62 int . beaumont's car - day 57 beaumont sit quietly in the driver 's seat as Tom pore over a series of 8 x 10 black - and - white photo . the photo , take through a telephoto lens , show John and gloria in bed . Tom slowly flip through the photo . he turn and gaze out the window . tom ( bemuse ) you know , a month after we meet , she say we should get marry . I say , do not you want to get to know I a little more ? she say , why , do it get better ? ( laugh bitterly ) my family never like she . we have a small wedding . flew down to Santo domingo , hire a local band , get marry on the beach . she say she do not want a thing in the world except to be with I ... beaumont pat he pocket , take out a roll of antacid tablet . he pop a couple into he mouth and chew they . he grimace . beaumont I will tell you the way I look at it , the one who say they do not want anything always get more in the end . Tom carefully slide the photo into a manila envelope . beaumont rub he nose with the back of he hand . Tom hand beaumont a fat pay envelope . beaumont open the envelope with he thick finger , count the money inside . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 63 beaumont ( cont 'd ) .-- I have be think ... ( a beat ) I be not sure how much good that picture be gonna do you . tom what ? beaumont ... they prove she be have a affair with she lawyer . but they do not prove she set you up . tom what be you suggest ? beaumont I be suggest you would be on firmer ground if you have another piece of evidence . tom like what ? beaumont like , say , a tape confession . tom ( laugh ) and how do you propose I get that ? beaumont there be way . tom ( skeptical ) really . beaumont uh-huh . tom such as ...? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 64 beaumont the less you know about it the better . Tom consider this for a moment . tom when could I have it by ? beaumont few day . sooner , maybe . tom ... all right ... he get out of the car . int . john' office build - night 58 beaumont head down the hall to John 's office carry a tool kit . he move quietly , look relaxed . he kneel in front of the door . he open the tool kit and start use lock - pick tool on the lock . int . john' office - night 59 beaumont enter , close the door , lock it . he take out a penlight and turn it on . he flash it around the office , find the phone . he go over to the phone , pick it up , unscrew the earpiece . he take a small , round listen device out of he pocket . he peel off the back to expose the adhesive . he attaches the listen device inside the phone , put the phone back together . he head for the door . ext . payphone - afternoon 60 behind John 's office . beaumont 's car be park nearby . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 65 beaumont be dial a number . he wait , clear he throat . int . john' office - afternoon 61 the phone start ringing in the reception room . Susan pick it up , then hit the hold button . susan ( yell ) ) John . it 's for you . he would not give he name . ( a beat ) you want he ? JOHN sure . John swivel in he chair so that he can see Susan in the reception room . as she hang up she phone , she give he a strange , ambivalent look . he watch she as she go back to work . intercut between beaumont and JOHN . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hello ? beaumont ( into phone ) hiya John . JOHN hey ... beaumont listen , I want to ask you a question . JOHN uh-huh . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 62 66 beaumont ... when you and you girlfriend decide to set up she husband , whose idea be it to bring in the may ? JOHN what ? beaumont hang up . int . beaumont's car - afternoon 62 the driver 's side door open and beaumont get in . he put on a pair of headphone . the headphone be connect to a radio surveillance receiver . the receiver be hook up to a tape recorder . we hear the phone ringing in the headphone . beaumont come on ... gloria ( 0.s. ) ( through headphone ) ..- hello ? JOHN ( 0.s. ) ( through headphone ) it 's I ... gloria ( 0.s. ) what 's wrong ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 67 JOHN ( 0.s. ) I just get a call . I think beaumont know something . gloria ( 0.s. ) about what ...? JOHN ( 0.s. ) you , I , aurora . he know about the whole thing ... gloria ( 0.s. ) I do not see how he could . JOHN ( 0.s. ) I be tell you , he do . gloria ( 0.s. ) ( chafing ) well , what do you expect I to do ? JOHN ( 0.s . ) -+- I do not know . gloria ( 0.s. ) look , you be a lawyer . he can not do anything unless he have some evidence , right ? JOHN ( 0.s. ) right ... gloria ( 0.s. ) so , then , do not worry about it . ( a beat ) .-- I can not really talk now . I will call you later , okay ? JOHN ( 0.s. ) ( still distraught ) okay . we hear a click on the line . beaumont take off the headphone , sit back , smile . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 68 ext . parking lot - night 63 a empty parking lot . Tom 's car turn in . as the car 's headlight sweep across the lot , they briefly throw light on beaumont 's car , which idle unobtrusively in the darkness . Tom park , get out . beaumont roll he window down . beaumont ' even , Tom . int . beaumont's car - night 64 Tom settles himself into the passenger seat . he glance at beaumont , who 's rumple and sweat . beaumont you know , a lot of people come here at night . you would be surprised . beaumont take out a handkerchief and wipe the sweat from the palm of he hand . beaumont ( cont 'd ) ( get expansive ) sometimes I will see two car pull in and park next to each other . the driver ' 1ll go off somewhere in one of the car . I jot down the license plate number and look ‘em up the next day . if they listing do not match , there 's a chance they be marry to other people . and if they be , I will place a call to the spouse . I have find a few client that way . he mop he brow . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 69 beaumont ( cont 'd ) ...- the thing people think they can get away with . tom you ever be marry ? beaumont no . can not say I have . Tom turn and peer out the window . tom it do strange thing to people . beaumont well , despite my line of work , I have see a few happily marry couple . Tom shrug . tom Marriage have get nothing to do with happiness . beaumont laugh at this . his amusement be genuine and unalloy . beaumont I would say you have get a particular slant on the subject . Tom be silent for a moment . tom ( unsmile ) yeah , I do . ( a beat ) you have something for I ? beaumont dip into he jacket pocket with two finger , pull out a tape . he hand it Tom . beaumont ..- and I believe you have something for I ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 70 Tom slip the tape into he pocket , then hand beaumont a thick pay envelope . beaumont tuck the envelope into he jacket . tom you be not gonna count it ? beaumont ( smile ) Nah , I trust ya . Tom pull a roll of bill out of he pocket . he peel off a twenty , hand it to beaumont . tom here . get you car wash . he get out of the car . int . masterson' office - day 65 a large , richly decorate office . Tom sit across from masterson . he have just slap the tape on the desktop , next to the photo of John and gloria . masterson and he 's willing to testify that he take this before he take the one of you and the girl ? tom yeah . masterson you ever hear the term , " connivance ? " Tom shake he head . masterson ( cont 'd ) ( steepling he finger ) ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 71 masterson ( cont 'd ) well , essentially , it 's when someone set up a situation so tempting that someone else will commit a wrongdo in the pursuit of that temptation . I have see the picture . this girl definitely fall into that category . tom which mean ...? masterson lean back in he chair . masterson which mean you wife be in for a very rude awaken . tom what about the tape . be it admissable in court ? masterson ( with a dismissive wave ) it do not matter . I could go out and get some corroborate witness if I have to . ( smile ) but I do not think I will have to . tom ( skeptical ) why not ? masterson believe I , once she lawyer friend hear this tape , he 's not gonna want to go to court . tom ( think ) ».-- can you get I a court order so I can get into the house , pick up some of my stuff ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 66 67 71a masterson sure . when ? tom ( rise ) today . int . john' office - reception - day 66 gloria come into the reception room and head straight for John 's office . Susan be at the desk . she look up , wrinkle she brow . gloria ( smoothly ) he 's expect I . int . john' office - day 67 John be sit at he desk , smoking nervously . he seem to have be wait for some time . gloria enter , close the door . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 72 John stub he cigarette out in a ashtray and stand up . JOHN ( tense ) hey . gloria hi. he come out from behind the desk and move toward she . she lock she arm around he neck , look up into he eye . gloria ( cont 'd ) have you get any more of that cigarettes ? JOHN ( restive ) yeah . he shake a cigarette out of the pack and hand it to she . she fit it between she lip . he light it for she . she take a long slow drag and exhales . he start pace up and down . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what if he really know something ? gloria rotate she cigarette , look at the ash . gloria if he know anything , he would have do something by now . JOHN what if he go to Tom ? gloria with what ? he do not have anything . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 68 73 JOHN we do not know that . gloria he 's do work for you in the past , have not he ? JOHN uh-huh . gloria and have he ever give you a reason not to trust he ? JOHN with a guy like that , you do not need a reason . she screw she cigarette out in the ashtray and move toward he . she straighten he tie , smooth he shirt to he chest . she look into he eye . gloria ( soothing ) do not worry . everything 's fine . she kiss he on the lip , then pull away . gloria ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) ...- meet I at the house in a hour . she turn and go out the door . int . conovan house - day 68 Tom be in the master bedroom . there be a open suitcase on the bed . a stylish one-suiter . he 's hastily pack some clothes . the phone start ringing . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 74 he look at it . he decide to let the answer machine pick up . after a beep : JOHN ( 0.s . ) ( on the machine ) hi , it 's John . I just get a call from Tom 's attorney . they get a thirty day extension . we be gonna have to figure something out . I be on my way over now . I will see you soon . Tom stand there , look at the blink message light on the answer machine . he lay some fold shirt into the suitcase . aurora come in . she stand there . he turn around . aurora ( in a small , parched voice ) I just want you to know , I -- tom ( shortly ) -- how much be she pay you ? aurora what ? tom my wife . how much be she pay you , to do what you do ? aurora ( contrite ) ten thousand dollar . and she promise to help bring my family here . she say they can live here , with she . he study she for a moment , move toward she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 75 she lower she head . tear well up in she eye . he gently raise she chin . tom ( soften ) it 's okay . she give he a honest , steady look . aurora ( shyly ) I only want to take care of my family . ( a beat ) but that night ... that be real for I . tom God , you be sweet . he wipe she tear with he fingertip . tom ( cont 'd ) do not worry about you family . I can help they . aurora ( brighten ) really ? she clasp she arm around he waist . he hold she for a moment , pull away , go to the bed , resume pack . she stand there , watch he . after a moment , he turn he head . she smile . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 76 69 ext . conovan house - day 69 John 's car pull into the driveway and brake to a stop . he get out , head up to the front door . 70 int . conovan house - day 70 John come in , look around . 71 ext . rear of house - day 71 John come out and walk toward the pool . tom ( 0.s. ) look who 's here . John turn around . Tom be come around the corner . he have a caddy bag sling over he shoulder . it 's fill with golf club . he set the bag down , walk toward John . tom ( cont 'd ) what bring you here ? JOHN I might ask you the same thing . tom well , this be still my house ... JOHN be that what you think ? tom ( smile ) I have get a court order give I permission to collect my belonging . wanna see it ? 72 int . master bedroom - day 72 aurora be pack the last of Tom 's thing for he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 77 she notice a jewelry box sit on the bureau . she go over , hesitates , open the box . 73 ext . rear of house - day 73 JOHN how long you plan on be here ? tom Long as I want . why -- she on she way home ? JOHN yeah . and I think it would be better if you be not here . 74 int . master bedroom - day 74 aurora scoops a pair of earring out of the jewelry box . they glitter in the palm of she hand . she put they on , almost reverently . 75 ext . rear of house - day 75 John 's cellular phone start ringing . he reach into he pocket , check the caller id , answer . JOHN ( into phone ) hi. ( listen ) I be at the house . ( glance at Tom ) Tom 's here . 76 int . gloria' car - day 76 gloria be drive with the top down , she cellular phone press to she ear . intercut between JOHN and gloria . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 78 gloria ( into phone ) what ? what 's he do there ? JOHN he say he have a court order to get some of he thing . gloria I do not want to see he . ( a beat ) call I when he leave . Tom walk over , hold out he hand , he intention clear . JOHN he want to talk to you . gloria think . JOHN ( cont 'd ) -.- gloria ? gloria all right . John hand the phone to Tom . tom ( smug ) hi , sweetheart . how ya doin ' ? gloria get to it , Tom . tom get to what ? I just want to say hi . nothing wrong with that , be there ? gloria I have nothing to say to you . tom ( sing -song ) I know something you do not . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 77 78 gloria I do not think so . take a good look around , because it 's the last time you be go to see my house . tom you know , I never do thank you ... gloria for what ? tom for aurora . she make I feel young again . I do not know how I could ever repay you . he snap the phone shut and toss it back catch it , a little bewilder . int . master bedroom - day aurora be stand in front of the mirror , herself , admire the earring . ext . rear of house - day Tom walk slowly over to the caddy bag . he club , inspect it , make a couple of short tom ..- you know , in business , there 's a risk that the people who be close to you will betray you . it 's happen to I ; somehow , I have always find a way to get satisfaction . but what you do to I be not just business . and so I find myself look to the outer edge of acceptable behavior to make myself feel better ... 79 to John . John 77 look at 78 pull out a swing . suddenly , Tom rear back and swing the golf club squarely into John 's midsection . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 80 John fold over , howl in pain and drop to the ground . tom ( cont 'd ) ( building ) how would it happen ? John try to crawl away , hiss he agony through clench tooth . tom ( cont 'd ) she come to you ? talk you into it ? Tom draw he lip back in a snarl , tightening he grip on the club . tom ( cont 'd ) what do she tell you -- that I be a terrible husband ? ( a beat ) that you be mean for each other ? ( a beat ) what kind of promise do she make ? he raise the club over he head , then smashes it down on the glass - top table . the glass explode . he 's breathe heavily now . he have a hard , implacable look on he face . tom ( cont 'd ) ( grin humorlessly ) look at you . ( a beat ) you know , I almost feel sorry for you ... he head into the house , still hold the club . John roll around , breathe in rasp gulp . black . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 81 woman ( v.o. ) ( filter ) it 's do ... CUT to : 78a ext . payphone - day 78a beaumont be on the phone . we hear a woman 's voice on the other end of the line . beaumont so what be you gonna do now ? woman ( 0.s. ) I be go away for a while . beaumont really ? where to ? woman ( 0.s. ) someplace far away . beaumont ( chuckle ) sound nice . I guess you make out pretty good , do not you ? 79 int . room - day 79 a darken room . we be close on a phone . woman ( 0.s . ) .-- do not contact I again . if I need you , I will know where to find you . a woman 's hand cradle the receiver . the woman turn , and we see she face . it 's aurora . ( she have be speak without a accent . ) flash CUT : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 82 ext . motel - day 80 John emerge from one of the room . gloria be at the door , kissing he goodbye . she close the door and he head toward he car . stand in the shadow , across the courtyard , watch everything , be aurora -- or at least the woman we have come to know as such . flash CUT : int . beaumont's car - day 81 beaumont be at the wheel . aurora be in the passenger seat . they be park outside the racetrack . she hand he a thick envelope . he open it . there 's a packet of bill inside . he smile and begin count they . flash CUT : ext . downtown STREET - day 82 Tom stride out of he office building , carry he attache case . he look up and down the crowded street , then start walk . after a moment , he blend in with dozen of other people . Men in tailore suit and woman in stylish dress . we notice one of that woman now . her hair be wrap in a silk scarf , and she eye be conceal behind dark sunglass . as Tom pass she on the sidewalk , she turn around to look at he . she take off she sunglass . it 's aurora . CUT back to present : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 83 int . hallway - day 83 aurora walk down the hallway , come from the back of the house , carry a suitcase . int . entrance hall - day 84 aurora set she suitcase down . she look around . there be a vase fill with fresh - cut flower on a table . she move the vase slightly , rearrange the flower a little . she step back and admire they . Tom come down the stair with he suitcase . tom be that all you have ? she smile . her bejewel earlobe glitter . aurora ( with a accent ) yes. tom let 's go . ext . front of house - day 85 Tom 's car be park out front . the top be down . aurora be in the passenger seat . Tom have the trunk open . he toss in the suitcase , then the golf club . he slam the trunk shut . he open the driver 's side door , get into the car , close the door , key the ignition . ext . rear of house - day 86 John stagger to he foot , double up . he look daze . his eye be dull . he teeter at the edge of the pool for a moment , and then he plummet into the water . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 84 ext . road - day 87 gloria 's car barrel down the road . she 's drive toward the house . int . tom be car - day 88 as Tom drive , he glance over at aurora . tom ... so , where do you wanna go ? she rest a hand on he neck . aurora wherever you want . I do not care . tom ... really ? aurora yes . as long as I be with you . int . gloria' car - day 89 gloria be whipping along , the wind in she hair . she have a intense , expectant look on she face . ext . conovan house - day 90 John be float in the pool , face down . int . tom be car - day 91 aurora see gloria 's car approach from the opposite direction . int . gloria' car - day 92 as the two car pass each other , gloria catch a glimpse of aurora and Tom . she have a look of puzzlement , then confusion -- and then realization . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 93 85 int . tom be car - day 93 we end close on aurora . she be look straight ahead , and she be smile . black . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary