the last action hero by Zak Penn and Adam leff the spirit that I have see May be the devil , and the devil hath power t’assume a pleasing shape ; yea , and perhaps , out of my weaxness and melancholy , abuse I to damn I . a istablish shet of this giant cement crap , plopped down in the neart of l.a . be em int . the beverly CENTER Saturday : the mall be glutte with L.A. shopper ; sleek , aerodynamic woman , smiley man in flower tie . on all four floor : a swirl eddy of sun-glass , Day - glo , surfwear and sushi . three quick shot of three aryan mercenary , dress ' inconspicuously 's in sunglass and dark grey business suit , do they best to lock like average shopper : . merc 1 scan the hot hit c.5 . 's at Sam goody . merc 2 test out the zipper on garment bag at La valise . merc 3 stare down a fuzzy , little puppy in the pet shop window . then , simultaneously , all three of they stop watch sound off . they drop what they be do , walk out of the store , and in steady , control stride converge at the elevator bank . . . this be some well - train , bad -ass , tougher - than -hell hit man . : glass elevator -- ding , and the elevator door swoosh open . the merc file in , and line up across the back . they be the only one in the elevator other than the lift operator , who announce the floor , operator fourth floor ... bullock , sport goods , designer fashion ... as the elevator ascend , the merc prepare : one load he gun , another twist on a silencer , the third check he watch , right on schedule . the operator look nervous , but try to get on with he job . i é '' xy operator fifth floor ... cineplex , food court , rest room . the merc straighten they tie and prepare to step off . operator Sixth floor .. the elevator door slide open and ... Holy $ hit , you pancreas @ance , because who 's stand right in ' the middle of the dcorway but ... arno slater , the toughest , strongest , hardest - to -kill , action hero you have ever see . operator ..- last stop ... arno everybody out ! before the merc can so much as blink , arno 's massive assault rifle blast they in one glass shatter boon | through the back of the elevator . . they plummet , head over heel , two -hundre foot through the air , rack up in the shallow fountain below . : then -~ from all corner of the mall , the back - up team , fifteen more merc in identical dark grey suit , put down they newspaper , get up from they bench , and rapidly converge en arno 's position . this merc just see they friend swan dive 200 foot into the wishing pool , and they look plenty piss . they come together , form a impassable line , and sweep forward , violently push all shopper out of they way . as they get closer to target ~ Point - arno , right in the middle of the crowd , they open fire . all hell break loose in the mall , and the pulse pound SOUND track kick into overdrive . arno barrel through the mall - way towards the escalator on the other side . here , the oblivious crowd shuffles on undisturbed . he take a breath , and check he gun . it 's a beauty : a blue steel , state - of - the - art hand cannon , with one of that high ~ 2 two escalator , one up , one down , run right alongside each other . Men close in fast behind he , arno hop on to the up escalator . on the floor above , one mean look merc head right for he , and the only thing in between they ... ~* a weary mother push she child in a stroller towards the down escalator . and ... uh , oh ... the child 's safety strap hang unbuckle ... arno flip on he laser sighting , just as the merc come bound forward , and thwack ... by accident , crash into the stroller , pitching the smile child into space . the mother scream , the merc aim , the child fall and the merc fire at arno ... who duck the bullet , then pivot , and with he giant right hand reach out and catch the child , while he ieft raise he gun , laser sight he quarry and blow he away . arno then ride up the escalator and gently hand the child off to the weep , grateful mother as she pass go down . arno ( dead~pan ) Shopping can be hell . . arno get off the escalator , but he work be not over yet . charge down the food court in front of he be a band of four more merc in match grey suit . they have see he . move back into the crowd , arno spot a clothing store , victoria 's secret be & int , victorian secret -~ a army of beach beauty flow back and forth drape in silk negligee , examine they perfect construction before the wall length mirror . all activity cease , however , when arno stride into the center of the store . e i decide to deal with hin . saleswoman can I help you , sir ? . arno no , I be just look . . saleswoman I see . qut of the corner of he eye , arno spot ' the merc come he way . arno be there a back door here ? saleswoman well , it 's through the change roon , but I be afraid that 's for customer only ... arno grab a giant red bra off the rack . arno this be nice , I will be right back . saleswoman hey ! changing room -- arno burst into a dress room fill with half - naked woman try on silky panty . a buxom blonde with huge jug scream at the top of she lung . arno toss she the bra . arno here , try this . arno charge down a hall to .a large steel door mark , ' emergency exit only 's without a think , he crash it open and find himself right in ... the most unbelievably mammoth parking lot you have ever see . int . parking lot -- of the staircase read ... " unvalidate ticket pay maximum penalty " sfx - footstep a unfortunate merc pop through the doorway . in a instant , the red laser dot from arno 's beretta stcsp right in the middle of he forehead . arno you forget you validation ... he blow he away . arno take off down the center aisle of the parking lot . then he stop . arno 's p.o.v. = about fifteen of the merc have follow he in , and be come down the exit ramp , straight towards he . use the car as cover , arno make he way to the edge of the parking structure and peer over the side ... it 's about a hundred foot drop . into traffic . and it 's rush hour . arno realize he must stand and fight , when suddenly , a hail of bullet come fly past he . he duck behind a mercede , and click on he laser scope . the thin , pierce beam of the laser sight stream out and bounce off the car window . a electronic voice blare out : car alarm voice you be stand too close to this car ! you have ten second to move away ... the laser dot accidentally trigger the car alarm , and it 's scared arno out of he short . now , the merc know where he be , and they be come fast . 5 'ot '' e he cartridge on ais pistol .... un oh , no more own and search he flak jacket desperately . hing hard in one pocket and pulis - it out . it 's a pack of gum . arno 's sweat . the merc be fan out in ali direction . all he can see be a infinite sea of car , and , somewhere , a million mile away , a tiny glow exit sign . and then it hit he . the car , all of they . after all , this be l.a .... arno smile . he shove the two piece of gum in he mouth and start move from car to car . he pluck the wad of gum out of he mouth and separate it into two smail ball . he jam they in he ear . arno : lift the gun up , the laser flicker past he face , and then , in a series of sweeping motion ... fan the laser beam back and forth across the parking lot -- the red laserlight dance all over the immense lot , bounce - off car window and mirror , a intricate latticework shifting and tilting with he hand . the merc be confuse , some of they scared by the light pass over then . : there 's a dazzle sea of little red blip , follow by a incredibly tense moment of silence , you could almost hear a pin drop when ... blammo ! sfx -= the most unbelievable , earnshatter , Earth -end cacophony of car alarm and warning system blast out all over the lot . it 's sonic=boom time , and arno nos ready for it , dash through the lot as fast as he can , a big shit-eate grin on he face . the merc look like they have just spend a week in a iraqi bunker . they clutch they ear , fall the the floor in clump . ‘eo ext . arno slater have beat the odd once again . he run straight through the exit door and down the ramp . so a brown sedan pull right up next to he -- a amazingly hot babe behind the wheel . arno give she he sexy , sly smile , and she glance down at he sweaty pump muscle . he hop in next to she ; she revs the engine , and ... he turn to the audience . and wink . as they roar off down the ramp , two huge , metallic word slide across the screen and smash together : extremely violent overdub rp do not forget to get you ticket validate ! this weekend . theaters every -- " suddenly , the screen go white , the edge of the frame pull in , and we realize that we be ... int . asmodeun theater - night -.. in the middle of a enormous movie theater . . the scene we have just witness be not real at all , but a trailer . danny ( 0.s. ) what would you stop it for ? sitting in the middle of the theater be danny . he 's a fifteen year old kid , 5 / 4 " , sandy brown hair , a little bit scruffy . . danny hey , Les ... the theater be almost empty . a few homeless people sleep in seat near the back . suddenly , the back door to the theater fling open and the light blaze on . through the door at the end of the long aisle stride lester , the projectionist . °@ '' @ " 3 y handsome face , hide behind a pin cn he shirt bear the insignia of the . " the asmodeun " . mn . danny Les , why have you stop it ? the projectionist tap Danny on the shoulder . projectionist walk with I . - - x Danny follow he down the aisle to the edge of the seat . in the background , the homeless man have be awaken by the light . the projectionist start walk back and forth , parallel to the screen . projectionist you see ? danny what ... he grip Danny by the shoulder and lead he , back and forth , stare at the screen . danny's p.o.v . -- as he pass a certain point on the screen , a beam of light shoot out , disappear just as quickly when he pass away from it . danny what be that ? the projectionist reach out . his hand seen to disappear into the screen . 8 projectionist a tear . a rather large one in fact . ( he inspect it closely ) i’1ll have to cancel tonight 's show . danny shit . what about extremely violent thig weekend ? the projectionist of course , Danny ... how could I pass up the business , you be my only 8 ‘eo danny excellent , I will be here . lester watch on as Danny walk up the long aisle , head through the lobby and out into ... be ee ext . forty second STREET and eighth avenue ~ midnight ... the world of new york time square . it 's one of that hot summer night in the city when the wind feel like subway backdraft fly up in you face . on this block the action never stop . everyone be sell something : smoke , chick , chain , incense , and i.d. 's , and every gambler , creep , and junkie in the city want a part of it . Danny make he way through the threaten gauntlet of crack fiend solicitor . he 's not exactly at ease with the situation , but at least somewhat use to it . he finally reach the uptown subway entrance , and descend the stair into the dark station below . - be B ext . establishing shot -- night the Upper West side of Manhattan , just North of the yuppie District -- not yet a bad meignborhood , but pretty close to one . be ke ext . apartment build -- Danny life in a white brick apartment building , modern by Post - War standard , just ugly and grimy by today 's . be E int . danny 's build ~= he step off the elevator and head down the long hallway of apartment to he own . as quietly as possible , he slip in he key and gently push open the door . ° ne Te close on -- Danny 's face , annoyed . Kitchen spill out into the hallway . awake , and she 's not alone . man' voice . ' ( 0.s . ) ++- but | land 's always a good investment , and with the market the way it be , how can I lose ? mother . ( 0.s. ) } I think you be right . do you take milk or sugar ? man 's voice ( 0.8 ) just black . so , I be meeting with the broker on Monday . ( beat ) thanks . mother ( 0.s. ) you have get to tell I how it go . and head directly down the hall towards he room . Danny 's he slam the decor shut with a bang , as he pass the kitchen a voice call out behind he . it 's he mother , a tired woman in she mid-forty . mother Daniel . danny ( not even turn around ) what ? : : mother where have you be ? I think we agree you have be home before 11 ? danny iwas at the movie . mother the movie ? I do not believe this , Danny , you have a curfew . you can not just go to movie in the middle of the night , how de you think I feel ? 10 ‘oe '' @ danny I do not know . look like you be have a good time . he walk toward he room . mother what ? she walk after he and grab he before he get to he roon . ( cont . ) what be that suppose to mean ? danny figure it cut , Mom . Danny walk into he room and shut the door , leave he mother stand alone in the hallway . af es ext . 96th and lex <- the next morning . it 's hot as hell again . ' it 's just after mine , but it 's already 85 degree . danny meander down 96th street towards hunter high school + = a big , ugly red brick building that look more like a armory . int . hunter -- Danny walk down a long , sterile , hallway . he come to a door , push it open ... classroom - class be already well under way . in the front of the room , a teacher ( young , bearded , energetic ) lecture on hamlet . behind he be a large blackboard , and a white pull down movie screen stretch almost to the floor . Danny sit down at a desk in the back row . ' teacher -' and so despite he inability to il 'ot act , hamlet be a kind of inspiration . he be imaginative , thoughtful , introspecti e ... and most of all , he can lauch at himself see Danny yawn and mechanically take out a pen and a notebook . teacher ( notice the bored class ) but I think you all see this in the clip , so why do not we just roll it ... Danny perk up . the light go down . ( cont . ) alright , this be laurence olivier 's version . some of you might remember he from clash of the titan . the clip from hamlet begin roll . onscreen -=- king claudius kneel before the altar , offer he confession to God . claudius what if this curse hand be thicker than itself with brother 's blood ? be there not rain enough in the sweet heaven to wash it white as snow ? suddenly , sir laurence , as hamlet , steal into the chapel . back on danny -- he sit up here , pay rapt attention , wait to see what hamlet will do ... onscreen -— claudius o wretch state ! o bosom black as death ! help , angel ! make assay ! claudius fall to he knee . hamlet now might I do it pat , now 'a be a prayin , and now I all do it - and so he go to heaven , and so be i i2 revenge . back on danny -- still somewhat interested , but grow tired of hamlet 's speech . onscreen -~ hamlet that would be scan . a villain kill my father , and for that , I , he sole son , do the same villain send to Heaven . why this be hire and salary , not revenge . back on danny -~ disappointed . hamlet 's not gonna do it . he 's gonna talk about do it , but he 's not gonna do it . pull in closer and closer on Danny 's eye as they glaze over and ... suddenly -~- we be back in elsinore . claudius pray at the altar , as hamlet steal up behind he . hamlet , however , look a little different . he 's get the black turtleneck , the gold medallion , but he back , he shoulder ... they be huge . : as the strange look hamlet emerge from the darkness we realize , this be not Lord olivier at all , but arno slater . and he look piss . . arno claudius , you kill my father ... the. deep-voice action v.0. from the trailer kick in ... v.o. something be rotten in the state of denmark ! arno hoist claudius into the air . arno now , I kill you ! i3 e v.o. and hamlet be taking out the trash ! arno chuck claudius out the window of elsinore , into the raging water below . . montage ~~ the kick extremely violent soundtrack blast out deafen metal chord ... Shots of arno , naked from the waist up , in ' camo paint and full combat gear , run through the brood , moody castle of elsinore : -- blow away polonius behind the curtain with a machine gun . -- pretend to brood in the graveyard with yorick 's skull , then spin around and chuck it at a approach guard . -- wiring castle elsinore with plastique explosive , and then blow it up ... the explosion fade cut ... voice Danny ? Danny start to stir awake . teacher Danny , wake up . the teacher be tapping he . he have fall asleep , class be ever , the room be empty . danny . ( startle ) I be awake , I be awake ... teacher you like the lecture , huh ? danny what ? teacher never mind . Danny pull himself the he foot . 14 eet teacher look , Dan , you of all people , you have gotta start pay attention ... danny uh , yeah . I be real sorry . ( shuffle nervously ) I gotta get to my next class . Danny hustle out the door . be & int . playland video arcade -- later that day -- video screen -- : a huge gorilla of a video villain be get he head kick in by the hero , who 's get he by the scruff of he neck and knee he repeatedly in the face till he drop to the ground and disappear . wider on danny hunch over double dragon 2 , a extremely violent video game , use one last finger - flurry to finish off the bad guy . all around he -~ coin be clanking , machine be whiz -bang into hyper - space , and the whole room be flash with light . mean look teenager toke off skinny of curb herb mill around in they satin jacket and five- finger ring . this be not exactly the type of place where you have expect to find a fifteen year - old white boy with a smile on he face . danny have rack up a huge tally , and the video screen flash on the its ten second musical interlude phase before climb up to the next level . . a bigger kid , a couple of year older than Danny , come over to the video machine . his eye be only half open , and he look pretty drugge out . Danny stare at the blink screen and try to ignore he . 's bigger kid hey man , can you give I a dollar ? danny no ... I do not have one . be 'ot bigger kid come on . the game start up again , and Danny get back into it , jam away at the control . the kid just stand there , right over he shoulder , stare at he for a few second . then he mumble something angrily , and saunter over to another game . Danny look relieved , as he watch the kid walk away . back on the video screen - the game get harder and harder . the villain land @ series of devastating body blow and finally Danny 's guy be back into a corner , roundhouse , and dogge . the screen start flash , '' insert coin " over and over again . as the game end , Danny straighten up and take he roll of quarter off the machine . he head for the exit . ext , eighth avenue -- evening it 's get late . Danny come out on to the street , and turn the corner for Times Square . behind he , the bigger kid from the arcade amble out and follow Danny down the block . & few block away << Danny wait impatiently for the traffic light to change . then , from behind , the kid tap he on the shoulder . bigger kid < hey . damny try to ignore he , take a few step out into the street . bigger kid give I five dollar . danny I do not have any money . Danny cross the street quickly , cut he way through the 16 'ot Danny tog East on 42nd street , he book bag flap heavily against he back . he pass the old New York Movie house <- the selwyn , cine Harris , cine 42 , and glance back nervously over he shoulder . all 's clear as he slow down right outside the front entrance to the decrepit old , asmedeun . hen all of a sudden , the kid be right up in he face . Danny jump back and try to push he away but the kid grab he by the arm , and start drag he down the street . danny ( struggle ) get off ... get off of I . Danny can not break free . the kid shove he into the alley behind the asmodeun and slam he up against the wall . bigger kid get out you money . Danny 's face be red , he 's scared , but he 's not go to cave in . he gather he strength and lunge forward at the kid , try to knock he over . the bigger kid just step back and grab Danny again , this time take a swing at he face . his punch glance off Danny 's cheek and send he reeling back against the wall . bigger kid I do not want to hit you . Danny try to stabilize himself as the kid reach into he pocket and fish out he wallet . he grab out the money , throw Danny 's wallet on the ground , and beat it down the alley . danny ( through angry tear ) goddamnit ! the kid be almost out of the alley when the side door to the theater open and the projectionist , lean on a@ walk cane , appear before he . the kid quicken he pace and be about to slip by when , whack ! i7 m m @ crush blow to he throat vy cane . the be cough and shaking all over ws the steal money on the ground , and hobble out the projectionist pick up the loose money and head towards Danny . danny lester ... how do ... the projectionist I hear you scream . be you badly bruise ? danny no , no ... I be fine . the projectionist I be afraid the little wretch get away this time . if you ask I this whole city be go to hell . — the projectionist hand Danny back he money . danny thanks . as Danny brushes himself off , the projectionist watch he intently , as though try to make uf he mind about something . the projectionist Danny , after you get clean up , come to the projection booth . I have something for you . the projectionist duck back into the alley door and disappear . int . asmodeun - day Danny pad down the long , red carpete hallway to the back of the theater . he reach the end , and climb up a spiral staircase , hesitantly , he eye fix overhead on the door mark '' projection booth " . he knock , and the door swing open . int . projection booth - voa wave of rafter , a lone end of the room 's the screen , sit ona stool , balance some film on he long , '' beny finger as it snake and wind its way through the projector . he be concentrate intensely and do not even icok up when Danny enter . danny it 's hot as hell in here . tartled , the projectionist lose he concentration , and the film unspool out onto the floor . . projectionist goddamnit ! ( fume ) do not you see I be work ?! never interrupt I when I be work ... danny look , I '' sorry ... projectionist ( calming down ) no , no I be sorry . I be just ... it 's this damned ancient projector ... I snap . ( beat ) sit down . dariny look around for a chair and find the only other one in the room , push back into one of the dark corner . he go over and slump down , fall deep into the saggy cushion . the projectionist begin reloading the film into the projector . this continue through the scene . projectionist do you read the Bible , Danny ? danny no , not really ... the projectionist " recompense to no man evil for evil ... as much as lyeth in you , live peaceably with all man . Vengeance be mine ; I will repay , sayeth the Lord . " ( beat ) ridiculous , be not it ? Danny just stare back at he somewhat uncomfortably . 19 a the the danny ( smile ) death wish , right ? - the projectionist do not smile . the projectionist I would not laugh , Danny . what would you have do if I be not there today ? go to the police ? do you think that piece of filth ever would have pay for what he do ? danny ( get a little uncomfortable ) look , I just get mug ... the projectionist listen to I , Danny ! it 's not just a mugging we be talk about ! ( beat ) you have the stomach for vengeance , but not the power ... I can give you that power . danny what be you talk about ? the projectionist disappear into the back of the room . it 's so dark , Danny can not even see he , but can hear that he 's push thing around . finally , the projectionist emerge , carry a old shoe BOX . he slowly pries the lid off , then reach in ... projectionist this , Danny , be for you . he pull his hand out and as he bring it up into the light , we see that he 's hold ... danny a gun ? be that a gun . this be no ordinary weapon . it look like a revolver , but it 's get a huge muzzle , like you could stuff a artillery shell in the barrel . 20 ‘é a iy cy " projectionist ioonce leat this to a nan nane Herbert gold . bo you recognize the nane ? : danny ( stare at the gun ) not really ... projectionist Mr , gold be the man who start the asmodeun . he too be be push around , edge out of the business by force great than himself . for a small price , I give he this gun . danny and now you want to give it to I ? projectionist I think you 's 1ll need it . danny I be only fifteen year old , I do not have a license ... projectionist a technicality ... ° danny look at that thing . I doubt if I can even lift it ... projectionist try . Danny take the gun out of the projectionist 's hand . as he touch it , he expression shift from wonderment . ~ danny it 's so light ... projectionist porcelain , actually , with a few metal of my own design . it 's a excellent firearm ... danny ( turn it over in he hand } 2i as soon fear to 'ot e projectionist you never know ... pause . danny what do you get out of it ? the projectionist smile . projectionist when the right moment come , when you have be wronge , and you use it to take you revenge ... I will have exactly what I want . Danny look at the projectionist . he hesitates a moment , then shrug and neds he head . as he start to leave ... Danny ? he turn around . projectionist you know , I 'il be run extremely viglent tonight , just .to mark the reel change . ( pause ) I do not know if you have be interested in a advance preview ... danny yeah , that have be awesome . projectionist good . ( he turn back to he work ) be here at midnight . int . danny's apartment - day Danny 's mother be busy on the phone when he return home . he slip into the kitchen and go straight for the fridge . kitchen ~ Danny 's pile up about eight slice of bologna on to a slice of bread when he mother come in . 22 mother Danny , use a plate , okay ? : danny tt 's just a sandwich ... mother . --- and it want you to eat it on a plate . she reach up to a cubbard to get he a plate when she notice the bruise develop under he eye . mother Danny , what 's that ? danny what ? then he remember and avert he eye . mother Daniel look at I . what be that ? danny ( annoyed ) it 's nothing . mother what happen , be you in a fight ?. ° danny no. ( sarcastically ) I get hit by a bus . : > Danny 's mother stare at he . she do not even know what to say . she put the plate down on the counter . mother I have a appointment at five , so ... danny so , bye . she turn to go , but can not leave it at that . mother I be go out to the Cemetery tomorrow morning . danny 23 e wa a mot : we have talk about danny yeah , and the answer be still not - mother Danny ... danny what 's the point ? stand around the graveyard and stare at he tombstone ? what the hell be that gonna do ? pause . mother you can not stay angry the rest of you life , Danny . Danny grab he sandwich and walk out of the room . ext . the asmodeun theater -- night of all the theater on the block , the asmodeun be the biggest and most run down . in , crooked red letter plaster up on to the marquee , be the title " extremely violent " . it 's just after Midnight and pour rain when Danny arrive at the once grand front entrance to the theater . he yank hard on the heavy door , somewhat surprised when they swing right open . . int . asmodeun = Danny shake the rain off he sopping knapsack . it 's pitch black inside , and he can not find the light . blindly , he stumble forward , follow the glow neon light of the concession stand . edging he way along the wall , Danny reach the theater door and pull they open . int . theater ~ sfx + the projector clack steadily away . 24 see the film already run , and m Booth . . : danny " hey , Les ! : projectionist right on time , Danny . I be impressed . Danny spin around . the projectionist be stand right behind hin . projectionist take a seat . as you can see , the theater be all yours . danny yeah , great . : Danny head down the aisle follow by the projectionist and cut into a middle row . . @ projectionist a ( indignant ) é &q there , Danny ? ' danny yeah , sure . this be the best seat . | ) > projectionist ° but you be so far away . why do not you try up close ... then you can really get into the action . i danny . okay , clese be cool . dissclve to -~ five Minutes later Danny be sit in a seat near the front , and from he face , we can see that he be totally engross . the projectionist stand right next to he , in the aisle , also watch i intently . arno 's voice ( 6.8 . ) come on , Frank , you ¢ould nve hit that ... 25 ‘o batting cage , two men practice pitching and they be arno slater and he cousin frank . arne wear a old wear , U.S.M.C. cap , and stand behind a protector wall zing pitch at he cousin in the batter 's BOX . arno qo and 2 , Frank ... let 's see what you ‘’re make of . frank 5 _ right down the pipe . arno 's feature tighten . he rear back and hurl the ball at a unimaginable speed towards home plate ... slow motion - the ball Racing forward , slice the air , the stitches spin | wildly ... 8 then , the ball , reach the bat , split the wood , - shatter the bat , and still go ... if ' a ripping through the back netting , it sail out and finally . ' clang into a steel wall . arno : ( grin wide ) ' that 's the ballgame . frank ( look at he demolish bat ) do that count as a foul tip ? arno and Frank laugh heartily as arno affectionately take he - U.S.M.C. hat off and stick it on Frank 's head . arno hat off , Frank , you be get better . back to the real world -- Danny be eat it up . he turn around to the projectionist . danny e see that guy , arro 's cousin , he 's 26 'o projectionist really ? danny yeah , then just watch , this whole thing 's go get really violent . onscreen -- a few minute later «= a car wash -- frank ride up on to the move track , and shift he car into neutral . he roll up he window , smile and whistling to himself as he car disappear into the dark car wash . then , @ pair of identical twins , jule and jim , in match white linen suit , slip into the other end of the car wash . inside the car wash ~- Frank 's car come out from under a bank of roller . his calm expression take on a troubled wrinkle , and then a look of horror as out of the shadow come the twin . jule swing back a crow bar and bashes open the sun roof just as , uh oh , jim hit the simonization switch , the het wax nezzle start spew out and melt Frank /s face like cheese . a few moment later , Frank 's car roll out ... Frank be dead . ot bs back to reality <= danry what ' have I tell you ? the guy smile too much , you know he be gonna ... then , Danny suddenly realize that there 's no one stand next to he . he whirl around he chair as ... sfx -- door slamming . the back door to the theater slam shut . > sfx -- lock turning and lock . Danny corsider this for a second , puzzle . dissolve to : 27 '' e@ with - frank 's eral - , foulmouthed Police superintendent . not 's see it all before , as he polish deg over Frank 's grave . ; arno decker , this be no accident . decker do not even start with I , slater . arno rony have conclude , and arno be talk with decker , decker look off a chili whoever do this be a professional , and I be go to find they . decker the hell you be . I still get a six - pack of City Hall boy crawl three foot up my hershey - hcle from you last assignment . arno Frank be my cousin ... and my friend . decker I do not care if he be doinkin you up . . the keister . you drop it , slater , just forget it ever happen , because you nre off this case . permanently . decker walk away leave arno alone at Frank 's head stone . arno solemnly take the U.S. Marine Corps cap , now spatter with melt wax , and lay it across the grave . another cop come up behind he . cop I be sorry , slater . arno I be not sorry ... rno stand up . ( cont . } I be piss . : back on danny ~- 28 he 's lock uD on screen ; but something 's bother he . as he move he head back and forth , a thin shaft of white light shoot out in the middle of the screen . it look like the tear have reopened . he get up from he seat and start walk down the aisle . ' back onscreen -- arno be sit in he car , park across the street from the car wash , lock out through a pair of binocular . arno' bp.o.v = the twin , jule and jim , be in the middie of a drug buy fron some local gang member , who have a pick - up truck fill with hundred of kilo bag of cocaine . back on danny -- he ' 's right on stage at the end of the screen . sure enough , the tear have reopen . he stick he hand inside feel around for he tape seam . projectionist ( 0.8 . ) do not forget we bargain , Danny ... Danny turn and stare back at the projectionist , who. be stand out on the balcony , smile a terrible smile . suddenly , Danny feel he arm be yank and .... in slow motion ~~ the world begin to warp and bend , then it zoom forward at a thousand mile a hour . it stop with a jolt , and Danny find himself stand face to face with arno slater , who be hoid he arm in a vise- like grip . arno what be you do here , kid ? danny be in a state of shock . he look over he shoulder the theater be go , no seat , no projection booth ... danny have be sucked into the film ! he be stand in the middle of a car wash , and arno slater have a gun to he head . 29 ‘é '' e@ f~ arno be you 4 criminal ? danny . no! no ! wait , I be just , you do not understand , [ I be just stand in the ... arno you be interfere with my investigation . arno grab Danny by the collar when suddenly a hail of gunfire ring out all around they . three villain be unload - all they ammo in they direction . arno duck ! arno yank Danny with he as the dive into the dark interior of the car wash . int . car wash -- the inside of the car wash be a whirring , mechanical - mess of brushes and hose . arno lead Danny along the wall . behind they -- be the three merc who just fire at they . they stand at the entrance , peer into the darkness . in front of they -- be the drug truck , froth up wet cocaine , and move slowly towards the end of the cycle . arno this way . arno creep over to the truck . . danny come on , Danny , wake up , wake up now ... arno keep quiet ! arno put he fist through the window of the truck , then reach in and cpen the doer . 30 ' 6 * arnos . get in , kid . as Danny get in the truck , arno reload he gun . arno how many be there ? Danny be teo frighten to speak . arno hey kid , snap out of it ! how many follow we in ? > danny uhhh , three guy , but ... 3 arno and six out front . nine overall . ( he cock he pistol ) no problen . the truck have almost reach the end of the cycle . arno now listen , I want you to lie down , and do not get up till all the shoot 's stop . a int . truck cab -- danny be lie on the floor of the pitch dark truck . Big , wet , soapy cloth flap against the window every few second . close on =~ Danny 's face : sweaty , red ... he 's flipping out . it start get lighter and lighter in the truck , and Danny realize that he 's about to be send out on to the lot . sfx - thump the truck come off the end of the track and rolis along in meutral . there be a moment of silence , then ... the sound of six machine gun fire in unison . stay on danny -~- 3 i 'o ae g against the truck , shatter glass and no all over he . he shield he face with : its he enapsac ck . the blast cacophony continue for 4 @ gocd twenty second , the truck cab be be slice apart like swiss cheese . suddenly , it stop . sfx -- empty gun click keep staying on danny -- holding he ear , wait for what will come next . arno ( 0.s. ) you miss . the shoot start all over again , although this time the scream of die merc echo through the car wash . back on danny 's face -- he take he hand off he ear , and come out from behind he knapsack . silence . the. break truck door slowly swing cpen . Danny peer outside . ext . car wash parking lot -- what Danny see be a testimony to the extreme violence that just occur . the asphalt be pockmark , fill with bullet hole ; the ground be litter with severe merc limb , bullet case , and discard firearm . danny ~- pull himself out of the truck . he look back up onto the flatbe and see arno +-~ stand up there , wiping off he prize laser - scope gun with a hanky and surveying the area . - danny Nice shocting . 32 eo arno wrong . the twin get away . he hop down off the back of the flatbe , then pick up a dead merc . ° arno ( shaking he } who be you work for ? -~ he bang he against the ground . arno with where 's the money ? talk , asshole ! he slam he again . Danny walk up behind arno . then he notice something ... in the distance -- a black car , scream down the street right towards arno and Danny . danny um , arno ? arno ' 's search the guy 's pocket . danny ( tapping he on the shoulder ) uhh , arno . i. think we have get trouble .. he 's right , cause come up on they fast be ... the twins 's black peugeot -- the identical brother sit in the front seat , Jules drive , Jim load the gun . danny arno ! finally , arno look up . the Black peugeot be about to smash right into they . arno move back . in slow - Mo , arno whirl around , fall to he knee and aim . the laserlight dance off the car steering wheel , then on to 33 Jules 's drive hand and ... whammo his first shot crack the windshield , the twin just laugh ... blammo arno 's second shot blow a hole througn the windshield , hit Jules 's hand . he yelp and swerve , send the car careen off to arno 's side . at the same time -- ten police car , they siren scream , hurtle towards the car wash . the Black peugeot pull around , Jules and Jim quickly switch place in the front seat . the window slide down , and Jules lean out , clutching he bleed hand . jule you be a dead man , slater ... jim and you leetle friend , too ! they gun the engine and screech off towards the highway . + arno and danny be stand in the middle of the wreckage , as cop swarm out of they car and descend on then . two cop , killgallon and mcmurphy sidle up to arno . arno killgalion , mcmurphy . Radio in a apb , two of they get away ... killgallon forget it slater . the Chief want to see you . pronto . mcmurphy decker 's gonna have you ass when he see the damage bill for this little party ... arno but look , there be a big drug deal go down ... '' killgallon 34 save it for Internal affair . be em int . arno 's car ~ rno stomp over to he car , swing the door open , and be about to turn the ignition when he notice ... danny . sitting in the passenger seat . arno what be you do here ? danny the way I see it , this must be some kind of . bolognanduced nightmare , so I might as well try to enjoy it ... arno kid ... danny I mean , I 'o stand in a moyie > theater watch you , then the next : thing I know I be get shot at , it 's gotta be a dream ... arno look , kid ... '' danny so what 's first , we head back to the precinct to get chew out ? . arno . no , I be head back to the precinct , you be go home . : danny that 's gonna be difficult ... arno look , you be shell shocked , you be hallucinate . I be not a doctor . so get out of the car . arno reach in and pull Danny out of the car . outside -- danny 35 wait , wait a second ! arno let he go . danny look , arno , you can not leave I here , I have nowhere to go ! arno I be a cop , I have get a job to do ... arno climb back in the car . Danny 's get really nervous now . danny fhe twin , arno ! you can not leave I here ... arno turn to face hin . danny remember , they threaten to kill I ? arno hmmm . danny you know they 's 1l do it , arno . they kill Frank , they will kill I too if you just leave I here ... arno ( wistfully ) Frank ... ( pause ) you be right . get in the car . Danny smile then hop in the passenger seat . be on the highway -- arne hurtle down the street of Los Angeles at 120 mph . Danny , in the passenger seat , clutches he shoulder strap for dear life . arno take a incredible , 90 degree leave turn , then a quick right and swerve into the parking lot of the Police precinct . int . precinct -- day the standard , Hollywood - Movie police precinct : 36 big. burly cop in aviator sunglass hustle scuzzy criminal off to they hold pen . ' angry citizen complain about crime to the desk sergeant . hard boil cop who have see it all twice munch donut and drink coffee at they desk . into this chaos stride arno slater . danny , try to stop and savor the hype up film - world , keep have to run to catch up with arno 's huge stride . danny so I guess Captain decker 's gonna give you a hard time now , huh ? arno for what ? for do my job and get the scum off the street ? danny well , no , I think he be always give you shit ... arno decker and I go way back . he be in my platoon in nam . I save he life . suddenly , a voice ring out from the back of the precinct . decker slater ! goddamn it , slater , get you greasy melon in here , right now ! Danny smile . arno wait here . arno disappear into decker 's office , jeave Danny alone in the huge precinct . his attention drift over to a desk , where two detective be argue heatedly . one of themn 's black , and fastidiously neat , the other white and a complete wreck . black cop you be a menace kochansky ! white cop and you be a uptight pencil pusher , lincoln ! be ex 37 ker be scream at arno , who stand impassively at the er side of the desk . decker I get the city council chew my egg off for the drug bust in Venice , I get the mayor take a hike up my wazoo over that freeway incident + + , and now this , arno ido my job . criminal suffer ... decker do not hand I any of that 2 philescphical horse pucky , slater . I tell you to stay off this case , and I mean it ... back in the MAIN room -- Danny be walk down a row of detective desk . they be all mismatch buddy ~ cop team . one black , one white , one female , one male . there 's a even a guy team up with a dog . cop down hoy , down ! decker 's office <- ° decker ... french identical twin ? come on , slater , you can do better than that ... arno they be the one who kill Frank , I be sure of it ... voice he 's right . Danny 's stand in the doorway . danny and they try to kill we , and , if I can just add , sir , Officer slater 's handle of the situation include 38 ( @ some of th . e violent acti see . most kick -ass , extremely ion hervics I have ever decker stare at Danny like ET just wad into he office . decker slater ? arno innocent bystander , he be catch in the crossfire ... } danny ) arno take care of that . . arno ' the twin , they threaten he life . i he need protection . 's decker lean over he desk . he put he hand on Danny 's } shoulder . e decker ic what 's you name , kid ? c&r 's danny } Daniel . Danny Goldman . . decker ) well , Danny , I be sorry that you get mix up in this . and. just to show , you that the lapd genuinely care about the citizen of this city , I be . gonna assign we best officer to protect you . ° arno what ? . 5 decker start right now , slater , you job be to protect this kid . everywhere & he go , you go . arno do not do this to I , decker ... decker @ already do . now haul you sandy C crack out of here before I really get angry ... 39 c. C arno glare down at the beam Danny as they turn and exit . be ee precinct -- arno and Danny march back through the presinct . danny that 's so classic . of course they have assign you to protect I . it 's totally buddy - filn . arno dee not look thrilled . danny I should have guess it . arno swing the front door open and they leave . be ex ext . sunset boulevard - day swerve through the traffic at just under mach one be arno 's beat up brown sedan car . in the car - arno grit he tooth , he foot press all the way down on the accelerator . he 's make impossible move , and never once come close to crash . Danny , beside he , be buckle up and enjoy every minute of it . danny do you always drive this fast ? arno , still aggravate by he stinky assignment , ignore hin . danny look , i’ know you be piss about this assignment , but really , you do not have to worry about I . do whatever you get to.do . I mean if you want to go chase down Frank 's killer , I o11 just come with you . arno where do you think we be go ? 40 ( @ danny ( a little surprised ) ch , okay , great ! the car zig zag crazily down the sunset Strip . flash by the car window be a even more extreme version of sunset 's actual porno palace : . they pass ' Strip Joint 's , ' topless bar 's , ' nake woman 's , ' live nude 's , then '' nude nude 's , and finally ... arno that 's the one . arno pull over in front of ' totally nude nude 's danny the one what ? arno when you be look for scum , go where scum collect . int , totally nude nude - the scrazziest , dingiest , dark , smokey , low - life bar you have ever see . . 2 Central caste 's full hoodlum population must be here on lunch break : mean look biker , fat , tattooe red neck , gang member , karate expert , pimp and junkies all chat . away at the bar , . as soon as arno and Danny walk in ... silence . everyone look up from he beer . arno , follow by Danny , sidle up to the bar . danny what will it be , big guy ? . arno nothing for you . danny aw , come on , arno ... arno you be underage , it 's against the jaw . here , have some gum . 41 arno pull out a pack cf gum and hand it to Danny , who stick two piece in he mouth . arno wait here . arno wander off towards the pool table in back to ask some question . all eye be on he as he go . meanwhile , Danny wad up the gum and stuff it in the ashtray . he get the bartender 's attention and call he over . danny barkeep , you want to get I a beer ? all the while , in the background , arno can be hear busting head , break finger , and turn over table . bartender you here with slater ? danny you know he ? > bartender ( nonchalantly ) oh sure , he 's a real pain in the ass . come in here once a month , beat the shit cut of all my customer , wreck the ' joint and leave . Danny turn around and see arno throw a fat red-neck through a window , and stick a pimp 's head into a juke box . arno now maybe you remember ! Danny turn back around to face the bartender . bartender I wish they have just tell he when he ask , but no ... danry hey listen , maybe you could help ... be & arno , who be still beat the crap out of a criminal on the floor . , 42 ( @ arno where can I find they ? arne slap he across the face , just as Danny walk over . danny hey arno , ease up ... arng '' talk asshole ! danny ( interrupt ) : they name be july and dim lumiere . they be hire gun ... arno let go of the guy , but give he a warning . arno do not move , criminal . I x11 be back . danny they work out of a health club , in malibu . arno ( surprised ) good job , Danny . danny it be nothing , next time just ask the bartender . be be ext . mullholland drive =< arno 's car twist '' and turn through the Hollywood hillis . he pulis into a driveway and up to he home , a low - sling western style ranch house . int . the slater home -- day arne barrel through the front door and head straight for the kitchen . Danny follow he in , check the place out . Danny walk into the live room , as arno reemerges from the kitchen , carry a lighter , a screwdriver , some gauze and a bedpan . . Danny walk over to the bookcase lining the wall . 43 the book , as Danny check they out . arno have no novel in he library , no collection of essay , no coffee table art pook . what he do have , however be the time life guide to killing people , who 's who in american drug dealing . and bullet of the world . arno have be heating up the screwdriver with the Zippo . it 's red hot now . he lay it down in the bed pan , then whip he shirt off . danny oh man ... when do that happen ? arno 's get a big , ugly buliet wound right in he abdomen . arno ' car wash . ( beat ) you know , Danny , a lot of people complain about my method . they say I be too violent ... arno take the screwdriver and thrust it into he bullet wound . : . sfx -- searing flesh a * arno : but remember this : for every time a criminal break the law , the law must repay they . he twist the screwdriver around , try to dislodge the bullet . ( cont . ) | I be the law , I make they pay . danny you mean kill then ... he catch on something with the screwdriver . Danny be thoroughly revolt . arno I mean justice , Danny ... a eye for a eye . danny what about the whole arrest people 44 part , arno ? you know , cuffing the suspect and book they ... then a " clang " as arno finally dislodge the bullet then let it plop into the bed pan . danny Jesus . arno I always get my man , Danny . danny yeah , I be sure you de . I be just wonder if you ever bring in any of the people you bust . I mean , can you think of even one criminal you bust who ever make it to jail alive ? arno pause for a moment , think hard . arno this guy , Jake . two bullet to the back of the skull . I must have ' miss he spinal column . he walk in ( 97 ... he continue dress he wound . ( cont . } it just prove that sometimes a eye for a eye be not even enough . sometimes , you need to take both eye , and the nose and ear too ... he finish taping gauze to he side . arno for every crime , Danny , there be a criminal . for every criminal ... voice ( 0.8.3 there be a punishment . Danny spin around to see ... °- jessica , arno 's wife , a attractive blonde woman wear a 45 'o ° we wake you up ? jessica . that 's okay , I have get to be at work in a hour ... . danny you ‘’re the woman in the trailer ! arno and jessica stare at Danny strangely . arno uh , jessica , this be Danny . ifve be assign to protect he . Danny , my wife , jessica ... danny that 's so weird , I never would have guess you be marry . jessica be check arno 's wound . jessica oh , arno , look at this bandage , this be terrible ... she rip it off , cause arno to flinch . jessica . : you have get .an - exit wound right here ... jessica pick up the screwdriver , and cauterize the bullet hole where it come out he back . she then tape some gauze all the way around he stomach . jessica there , that oughtta do the trick . . arno thanks , honey . he kiss she on the cheek . jessica ( head for the kitchen , 0.8 . ) so how’re thing go with the investigation ? arno not so good . decker 's want I off 46 'ot ; jessica ( come back into the room with coffee ) but you be not go to back off , be you ? arno jessie , I can not ! Frank be my cousin , I have to find he killer ... jessica ( resign ) ..- and make they pay . I know . . ( sighing ) well , here , give I you gun ... arno hand she he beretta . jessica I will clean it for you while I do my hair . Nice meeting you , Danny . jessica scoot out of the room with she coffee and the gun . arno smile and look after she . suddenly , he turn to Danny . arno let 's go . we have work to do .. arno lead Danny through the Kitchen and down the stair to the basement . they come to a thick steel : door . danny so , what ' 's this ? storage area ? arno smile . int . basement -- Danny and arno step inside , come face to face with a awesome display of firepower that would put the Pentagon to shame . danny whoa ... arno have neatly arrange the room by handgun , rifle , rocket launcher , and explosive . Danny walk over to a large , futuristic . gun and try to pull it off the wall . it 's too heavy for he to lift , however , and just as it 's about to 47 ~ '' e io's massive hand grap it . arno do not touch ! ( beat ) look , Danny , this be not toy . they nre very dangerous weapon , not for kid . danny I be just look ... arno heft the enormous gun up into ready position . danny what be that thing , anyway ? / arno roland Street sweeper . anti-riot , anti-tank . fire a 12 mm shell . ( he aim it ) you can take out a city . block with one shot . i love this gun . Danny keep move , he walk over to another section , where arno keep he more primitive weapon . he stop in front of a high tech bow and arrow with a complicated pully system attach . . : arno : you like that ? the arrow have explode tip . . '' danny it look familiar . arno I get it from a old nam buddy . crazy guy . he get arrest a few year ago ... blew up a small town . they move down even farther to he last exhibit , a gun keep in a hermetically seal , climate control box . arno pop the seal and pull the gun out . arno now this ... {he hold the gun up ) this be my beretta from the war . a amazing gun , save my life a thousand time . it have great action , reload quickly ... nyell ) bam ! bam ! re put it back up on the wall . I love that gun . be tk : firing range -- arno have a professional fire range set up just behind he arsenal . arno walk up to one of the stall , hefting four er five weapon , include the one 's he 's already show Danny . Danny hustle up behind he . danny so you wife , she 's pretty understanding about all this . arno ? what do you mean ? danny well , you know , all the gun in the house , you 's come home bleed . that 's - pretty mess up . do not you think it 's a little strange that she put up with it ? arno turn to Danny , angere by he question . . . arno ° : . strange ? be it strange to fight - crime , to stop criminal from harm innocent people with they evil way ? danny no , I ... arno be it strange for a wife to support she husband as he struggle to avenge the death of he cousin ? if there 's something wrong with that , Danny , then there 's something wrong with I too ! - he pick up the beretta and pump off a few round , hit the target in the eye , nose and mouth . . . danny alright , I be sorry I ask . ( try ag arno the twin . he pick up the compound bow and zip a few arrow into the mannequin 's chest . danny no , I know ... I mean , obviously the twin be involved . iomean , who do you think they be work for ? arno a big drug dealer . danny : ( get frustrated ) obviously , they be sell drug . but the point be , there 's always something more ... a conspiracy . arno heft up a assault rifle . danny i you know , like they be really work for a huge corporation , or they be use drug deal as a decoy for 4 . political assassination . ( beat ) do ' you know any corporate criminal or corrupt Senators who might have 's want Frank dead ? ' arno fire off a few more round , this blow the right arm off the mannequin . arno I do not know who they be , Danny . arno now pick up the roland Street sweeper . ( cont . ) but I know where they be go . - arne fire a deafen round from the street sweeper , pulverize what 's leave of the dummy into dust . danny ( give up ) , : a okay , forget it . what 's we first '' eo — - ' é arno we go to malibu , find the twin . as they walk out through the arsenal , arno pick up two metal rod attach by a electrical cord . danny what be that ? he smile and touch they together , set off spark . arno taser stick . they can stun a elephant . cut to : the live room -- jessica be in the kitchen now , dress in a tight black dress , carefully clean the last few part in arne 's gun and put it back together . arno bound into the room , carry a@ogym bag , Danny close behind . he grab some gatorade from the fridge , take a swig , then head for the door . arno : bye honey , have a good day at work . jessica arno ? he turn around . . ° jessica you gun ? e he take it from she . jessica and here , you leave this clip of bullet in the station wagon last week , I do not know if you need they ... arno thanks . he give she a peck on the cheek . arno - 5 i 'ot '' @ lill try tc the heme for dinner . door like excited adclescent scout meeting . he and Danny skip out schoolboy off to they fi cuT to : ext . the malibu health and FITNESS club - day the Club be a exclusive , high - tech , very private organization si icuate right on the beach . Danny and arno pull in through the tall wringht iron gate , and view the impose long biack awning , shading the entrance . arno time for payback . danny ah , arno ... tell I if I be way off here , but be not we go to have some trouble get in ? arno no trouble for we , trouble for they . danny right , we could do it that way ... but then the twin will be on they guard . - arno so ? danny ° so , what if we enter inconspicuously ? > arno draw a blank . ? danny ( explain ) we pose as customer who be think of join the club , and ask for a tour ... . arno inconspicuously . that 's pretty sneaky , Danny . i.like it . - they march up under the awning , pull open the heavy oak door , and enter the club . . s32 '' 6 solid gold wall scon where a surly young cl . 's illuminate the marble front desk , rk with a moustache await they . clerk can I help you ? arno walk forward . arno we want to join you club . I need to get in shape . . clerk how nice for you . I be afraid that 's impossible . arno why ? clerk perhaps you be unaware of we two year wait list for membership ? that be if you make the list at all . and the little fellow there be not old enough to join in any case . arno you be never too young to get in shape . give we a tour , now . Danny cringe , clerk look , Sir , we be run a health club here , not a muscle farn . make a last ditch effort to negotiate , arno take out he badge . . arno I be a cop , give I a tour , or I / 1l have you bring in . the smarmy mustachice desk clerk be unimpress , . clerk T will have to see you warrant first . xno be get frustrated , he start to squint ... 53 wie danny wait , arno ... arno reach cver the desk . pick up the yellow belly desk clerk by he tie and head butt he into a coma . they walk past the desk and into a door mark ' locker room 's . be T : the workout room - a high - tech ego -maniac 's playground , fill with hard - body Californians in tight spandex body glove . on one end of the room , six gargantuan muscle head be do curl in a circle . into the weight room come Danny and arno . arno be bulg out of he tight t- shirt and short , while Danny seem lose in the fold of he . under he towel , arno be carry he taser stick like a bus boy . he walk up to the universal Machine , drop a pin in the bottom hole , and begin bench a few ton of iron . the muscle head look on , tick off by arno 's hot -shot in they gym . on the other end of the room -- the desk clerk from the front hall rush in , clutching he sore head . he skip over to the angry muscle head , and begin point to arno . they get up from they bench and strut over to the universal . arno continue to pump away , concentrate on he routine . then , as arno push the bar upward , one of the goons pull he pin out . without the resistance to hold he back , arno slam upward rip the bench bar out of its socket . arno be there a problem ? the muscle head gang around he swinging big free-weight in they hand . musclehead # 1 this club be for member only . we have a problem with free-loaders . arno I be here on a trial membership . 54 musclehead # 1 because the equipment be not much good to a dead man . two of the thug jump arno , and he deflect they attack with the bench bar , send they to the ground . arno good work -cut . who 's next ? danny -- have be check this out , and satisfied that arno be more than hold he own , decide to do a little investigate . he sneak up a spiral lucite staircase to the second floor . second floor = the health club 's administrative office . Danny creep down the hall and come to a door mark " employee of oniy " . quietly , he crack it open and see inside ... a meeting room - a map of the world be spread out over the far wall . a man with a walk cane be talk , he back to danny . on the glass table in front of he be a '' compretrenstve lay - out of deadly weaponry . be _int , the workout room - meanwhile , one of the muscle head be leck horn with arno in front of the nautilus . arno get some leverage on he , and dunk he down into the butterfly press , box he ear with the press arm . no sooner have he dispense with he , when another Steak ~ - head be climb on he back . arne take he in a half - nelson , and shove the guy 's face into the spoke of a whizzing life cycle . sploosh ! 55 ( @ turn away from the squash court , satisfied that the guy he just toss be sufficiently dead , he turn back to face the empty room when ... wham ! two fist punch he at cence , knock he on he ass . it 's the twins , dress in they poncey frog workout clothes . they stand over he , smile . one of they , gule , have a bandage hand . jule you be a'dead man , slater . be the meeting room upstair - Danny 's look in through the crack in the door , a big arm deal be obviously come down . then , the man with the cane turn around and Danny get a glimpse of he frightening face . it 's cover in bandage . be be the workout room - arno and the twin .are engage in a furious hand to hand struggle . while he might have no problem with either one of they individually , together they be a menace . one twin duck as the other punch , catch arno offguard and send he backwards on to - the stairmaster . the fight vacillate back and forth until the twin have arno cornere against the universal Machine . Jim take a swing at arno , and in one smooth motion , arno lift the bench press bar , grab Jim 's fist , and slip it under the weight . he then let go of the bar , crush Jim 's hand and leave he stick to the universal , scream . enrage , Jules fly at arne , but the big man head butt he , and hurl he towards he brother . the piss twin clutch en to universal machine , try to bring themselves to they e 56 & jim Les couteaus ! pull out mini-knive from the side of they arno , stand on the other side of the universal , pull out he own surprise ... the electric taser stick . arno now , I be go the make french fries . jule . we be belgian , you idiot . arno lay the taser stick against the metal bar of the weight - lift machine , arid 's grip the handle . a surge of electricity zap through the machine , and than through the twin , jolting they into unconsciousness . arno be busily tie up the unconscious lumiere brother with weight - lift cord when danny come run over . danny arno ... there 's some sort of huge arn deal go down in the back roon . arno good work , Danny . danny and I think whoever be behind Frank 's death be upstairs run the show , . arno I 'il destroy he . but , at that moment , a figure appear at the top of the stair . it 's the bandage - face man with the walk cane . man you will do nothing of the kind , Mr. slater . arno spin around and behold he old nemesis , mr.id . arno it 's you ! 57 es mr.id , the biggest scum -bag on the West Coast . mr.id we really have to stop run into each other like this , slater . arno then let 's end it . now . arno head for the stair . - mr. id ifm afraid you cro-magnon tough - talk be grow rather tedious . luckily for I , I do not have to hear much more of it . and then , as if on cue , ten police officer storm into the room , lead by killgallen and mcmurphy . mr.id j : ah , right on time . gentlemen , this € man be trespasp on private property . my property . but arno keep steaming up the stair , until killgallon catch up to he . killgallon that ' 's enough , slater . time to go . arno you do not understand . that 's Mr. id , arrest he ! mocmurphy we can not do that , there be no charge . arno move towards the staircase again . killgallon grab hin . killgallon you be in a enough shit already , slater . quit while you can still beg for you job back . mcmurphy io 58 '' @ mr.id that will not be necessary . dust get the piltdown man and he little puppy out of my sight . : killgallon . fun 's over , slater . let 's go , mr.id '' begin to laugh fiendishly from the balcony . point a long finger up at he . . arno - De not go away , id ... + , mr.id ( interrupt ) : 5 I know , slater ... ( beat ) you will be back . 's : arno that 's right . % . mr.id & iocan/t wait . we will do lunch . he and Danny head out with the cop . ext . precinct parking lot -~ day arno ore arno and Danny get out of the car , arno slamm he door . hard . . danny look , arno . you would better cool off , I be warning you ... . arno you do not understand . Mr. id be the most notorious drug dealer on the West Coast , I have be try to bust he for year ... danny really ? so maybe this be some sort of far reach CIA conspiracy , three decade of , I do not know , rogue spy '' or something plotting a overthrow . or 59 X '' 6 Danny and arno step in they track . decker be stand at the end of the precinct , front of he office . arno wrong. ( beat ) I give that to he , Danny . when I be a rookie . I use to be out of control , headstrong . I throw he into a vat of boil acid ... danny ouch ... arno . since then , he 's be sell twice as many drug , make twice as much money . I have stop * hundred .of he man , but I have never get id himself . we have never be able to find he hideout . ( beat ) I owe he big , Danny . and I always pay my debt . he blast through the precinct door . int . police precinct - danny - $ 0 , look , just take it éasy with decker ... - . arno forget decker , Danny . he know how much id mean to I . besides , he owe I .... danny from nam . I remember . decker slater !! decker slater , get you stinky pete in this effice ! pronto ! 60 the whole precinct fall in a danny , you would better give I the hey , arno ? laser gun . arno ne , Danny .... danny I be not gomna do anything with it . but you 's 1ll thank I later , just trust I , arno reluctantly unstrap he beretta and - hand it over . . . danny pll oo put it '. right safekeep , . . he drop it in he bookbag . ' arné reluctantly trudge forward towards decker 's office . as arno walk away , Danny gldnce back over ’.to tee sergeant’s desk . 4 ~ here , af . we a row of recruit , fresh up - from Police acadeny , assignment . : . - sergeant |. . linceln ? - 's a black detective step forward . Jones ?. cos sergeant < < " another recruit step forward . he 's black also . lincoln and Jones stand there , look at : awkwardly . lincoln > a '' for -await they each other uh , sarge ? ( the sarge ' look up at they ) we bre both ... the sergeant scan down he list . * sarge ee oh , I be serry . that ' 's johansen , not 61 ' 6 a surly lock white guy with a tong messy pony tail and a cigarette dangle from he lip step out of the line . linccin smile , give the sarge a thumb up and head off with he new partner . int . decker ‘s office -- there be a huge pile of gun on decker 's desk . decker ° all of they . include the one tape to you back . arno reluctantly lift up he shirt . sure enough , there 's a gun stick there with electrical tape . he tear it off and put it down . decker and the badge . ( beat ) let 's go , slater . arno but I do not do anything , decker ... decker thirty thou in property damage , ten hospitalization ... I have get the malibu chamber of commerce do cartwheel in my cocoa factory , and ~ you be say you do not do anything ? Hand I you badge , slater . you be suspend . ' arno reluctantly turn he badge over to the Captain . decker now move you funky mango outta here before I have you arrest for trespasp !! arno turn and open the door . before he leave , however , he turn back around again . arno hey decker ... decker look up from he work . arno I will be back . 62 eo he slam the door . in the hallway -- Danny be still watch partner assignment . sergeant alright , dotson ? a grizzle white detective step forward . _ sergeant teacatotl ? a Native South american officer wear full Aztec head dress step out from the line up . | teacatotl report for duty , sir ! arno come storming by . he grab Danny and start drag he out . danny do not go too well , huh ? they storm out through the front door . be E ext . the hollywood hill -.day arno 's car wind slowly up the twist hill road . arno be gioomy and peeve over he suspension , as Danny sit beside he hold the beretta . . danny arno , be n xot you over - reacting a little here ? 3 arno when I think of all the time , I save decker 's ass in the nam ... the car pass a turn - out for a scenic overlook of the city . danny look , why do not we pull over a minute ? you gotta relax , arno slow down and pulis to the side ef the road . they get 63 3 ightly beneath they . it 's a moment of quiet reflection for arno who be still sulk . arno be silent danny arno , you destroy a entire gyn , what do you think decker would say ? arno . I be a cop , Danny . that 's artl I know how to do . a cop without he badge , it 's like ... danny like something that 's never stop you before ? io mean , when be the last time they give you the hoot ? arno what do you mean ? versus danny the last time decker suspend you ? . arno ah ... last month . danny and before that ? arno well ... this February , I ... danny arno , do not you see how absurd this be ? you get suspend every month , and you get just as piss every time . as he think about this . danny it 's all so ridiculous , they never let you do it you way , and you just keep try ... arno but ... danny 64 '' e now , you really want to get id back xy Frank , you gotta stop busting head and start use yours instead ... . arno ( humble ) maybe , you be right . arno seem enrapture by the beautiful scenery . arno God , it 's incredible up here , be not ' it ? look at that lovely cloud . they lock like giant cotton ball . danny that ' 's real poetic , arno . and that 's smog by the way . arno smog ! it 's beautiful ! I should come up here more often . danny . actually , this suspension could be a perfect opportunity for you ... take some time off . enjoy the world a little . arno turn to face Danny . arno you know , Danny , you be pretty smart for a kid you age . what 's it like where you be from ? danny it suck . you have hate it . arno why ? danny because , shitty thing happen all the time , and nobody do anything about it . there 's no justice there , arno , no payback , life suck , ' and that 's it . arno you see like you have do alright . 65 6 oe Danny see something hover on the horizon . danny hey , what 's that ? arno copter . ( it get closer } look like the one we use on the force . danny . what 's it do out here ? ~ arno I do not know . the helicopter be close ground fast . arno look ! the front , you see the round nose ? that give it a lot of upward lift . the helicopter swoops down near the edge of the cliff , careen leave , straighten , and come right for then . danny ah , arno ... arno yeah ... the copter open fire directly at they foot . . danny hit the dirt ! the helicopter fly by overhead and arno get a good look at it . : arno see the marking ? that 's definitely a police copter . ~ _ danny well who the hell 's in the thing ? arno I do not know , but they be go to wish they never learn to fly . danny 66 ' é e what be you go the do , beat it up ? arno . come on . I have get a surprise for they . - they run over to arno 's car as the copter take its turn and head back towards they . the helicopter - '' 7 in the cockpit , in a orange pilot 's jumper be jim lumiere , guide the copter wheel with he unbandage hand . lean out of the side deor , alse in orance , be jule aim he long range assault rifle , he , trigger hand bandage . back on the ground ~ a arno pop open the trunk and take out a big cardboard box . arno I buy myself a little present the other day . arno rip open the package and pull out a assembly require stinger missile kit . _. danny ballsy ! , the copter 's speed towards they . Jules be training he gun sight on arno 's head . Danny can just make they out . danny arno , it 's the twin ! arno good , we will kill two bird with one stone . but arno 's busy puzzle out the instruction manual . slowly , he stick the part into place . it 's start to look like a weapon , but it 's upside down . just as the copter pass ever , arno get the stinger - rig to stand up ... iit 's a race against time ... Jules open fire . arno clamp on the missile , tilt the launching track , aim ... arno 7 67 ee see you in hel icopter ! and click ... nothing haspen . danny Fire already ! what be you do ? the copter fire erupt all around they , narrowly miss . arng I do not know , it 's jamme or something . a the copter have turn again and be buzzing at high speed 10 foot above the ground right in they path . arno continue to dicker with the launcher . arno it 's this Russian instruction , and then they never give you all the part ... the copter be make it 's final assault turn , the twin wink to each cther , and open fire , strafing the ground at arno and Danny 's foot . danny . arno , try it again , now ! . . arno aim , pull the trigger , and ... click . another do . arno : I think we be miss a spring . danny oh , great ... in a second , the copter will be directly overhead . arno take a long hard look at he new Russian launcher . arno what a rip off . then he mighty hand grip the pivot rod , rip the missile ~ head off the stand , take it back in he arm , and as the copter pass overhead he hurl it javelin style right into the tail - blade , blow it clean off . the twin give a lock back towards the tail of the chopper . uh oh , nething there , it 's crash landing tine . 68 eu ty ana arno leek on as the copter go bump no and rock '' towards the big house on the Hollywood hi aw oo the the helicopter - it cut off the top branch of a tree , careen leave , then nose dive into a beautiful blue swim pool . the copter slowly sink to the bottom as the twin surface and swim to the side of the pool . - back on the cliff ~ danny Mr. id send that guy , arno . he want you dead . arno '' let he come ! he can send a thousand man , I will kill they all ! danny ( frustrated ) Jesus Christ . arno , that 's just the attitude that get you into all this trouble in the first place . this time , we have get to get out ahead of the game ... anticipate they . arno ( try ) I know , we will go back to the stripper bar , find id 's hideout once and for all ... * danny * no , no , definitely not . ( beat ) look , arno , what 's the one thing that can stop you from kill id ? arno ( try hard ) nothing ? danny no , think about it . if he have something that mean a lot to you , and hold it hostage ... arno jessica ... 69 ae danny exactly . if we go after they , they kidnap jessica , use she as blackmail arno yes , they have do that before . rt forget . danny so what do we do ? we save jessica before they kidnap she , take away they trump card , so you can kill with impunity . arno what 's impunity ? danny it mean you can shoot whoever you want . * arno impunity , I like that . danny '' ( smile ) then let 's go . they jump into the car and tear out . be be int . beverly CENTER mall - day arno and Danny come screeching up the circular parking ramp and into the gargantuan lot . car all over the place ; park , circle , come and go , but no space . arno ( furious ) I can never find a goddamn spot here ! just - then , down the row , a space open up . Danny make a turn right for it , but a yuppie in a littie red sport car shoot in just in front of he . danny what a asshole . ° 70 ‘é arnc wait here . arno get out and walk over to the sport car . the yuppie , in the driver 's seat , see arno come up in he side view mirror , and turn a whiter shade of pale . driver' p.0.v . -- arno 's massive torso lean into he window ... arno grin wide . . arno you just make a Big mistake . the yuppie swallow he tongue , screech into reverse and haul out of there . - Danny smile and pull into the space . CUT to : int . central atrium +- arno and Danny quickly weave they way through the onrush of shopper . danny okay , where do you wife work ? arno top floor , the jewelry store . come on , we will take the escalator . danny no , the elevator , it 's much faster . cuT to : int . elevator -- rushing upward , Danny and arno peer cut the glass elevator wall into the swarm mall . arno spot they first . a unify battalion of hard ~ ass merc , lead by Jules and Jim , file into the atrium below . arno look , Danny ! you be right . 7i ee give out thei fan out danny shit , we gotta move . int . top floor -- the elevator reach the top , arno bolt out . Danny hesitates a second , then press every button in the elevator , look three floor down at the merc , and grin . arno 's up ahead wave he on , running past the down escalator , Danny plow into a kid in a baby stroller . arno Danny , come on . he rights the stroller , then it hit he : it 's the mother and child from the trailer . quickly , he snap on the child - restraint belt , and turn to the mother . danny Lady , you really gotta start watch out for you kid . the concerned mother bend over and hug she child , as Danny and arno take off down the hallway . be int . davidson jeweler -- arno 's wife , jessica , - she 's listen to she walkman , read '' cop wife : the magazine for the women , behind the men , behind the badge ... " , the cover Story depict a cop wife , still dress in she house apron , but now armed to the tooth with a necklace of deadly weapon . '' my husband got suspended , now I wear the badge ! *~ a cop 's wife 's story . " arno and danny barge into the store , panting heavily . arno . jessica ! come on , we have get to go ! 72 . jessica + arno ... honey , you be all fiushed , what 's the matter ? arno the guy who kill Frank be in the building ; they be come after you now , and -- danny . can we explain this later ? jessica and you want to set up a surprise ambush and kill they ? good think , we can tip over the display table and ... arno no , we have get to get out of here , quickly . jessica but , then you will miss they ... danny yeah , that 's the point . arno Danny 's get it all figure out . '' jessica ( shocked ) I can not believe my ear . since when do arno slater start run away from criminal ? arno jessica , it 's not like that . we be ... ( he look at Danny for approval ) ... anticipate they jessica I do not know , this be very unusual ... arno trust I , here be the car key . we be park on ...on ... dammnit , I can never -- danny 73 PC floor two , near the elevator . they have not see you yet ... go down to two , get the car , and meet we at the ramp in fromt in five minute ... can you do that ? jessica alright , if that 's the way you want it , arno . jessica kiss arno and ' head out of the store . or Te int . mall hallway <-- Danny and arno be back in the mall traffic when they spot the three merc from the open trailer converge at the Elevator bank below . danny Quick , the elevator ! the Three merc look deadly and determine , wait calmly for the lift . they check they watch , and load up they gun . then , ding , it arrive , the door swoosh open , and look who 's there , it 's arno point he beretta right ' in they face . arno fourth floor ... gun and ammo ! then , boom , boom , boom they drop in formation . oy B int . central atrium -~ arno and Danny book through the mall towards the elevator , but stop short when they see jule and jim lead a troop of merc out of bullock . arno dammnit ! there must be a back door . danny ( realize it ) the lingerie store ! 74 arng € for not now , Danny ! the gang have spot they from the other side of the mall . danny come on ! arno and danny tear by the huge news kiosk , when Danny suddenly remember ... danny oh , shit ! I eat the gum ! arno so what ? danny arno , trust I , we need some gum . i news kiosk +- Danny and arno run up , grab a pack of gum off the shelf and hand it to the counter guy . counter guy , that 's fifty cent . ( arno and Danny search they pocket ... nothing . counter guy no money , no gum . arno shrug . Danny grab arne 's gun and point it at the guy . danny : Big mistake . ' the counter guy be just able to hand over the gum . before fainting . _ the gunmen be close in fast . arno follow Danny 's lead , sprinting down the hallway . be int . victorian secret -~ it 's the lingerie store from the trailer ; beautiful woman flow to and for in silky apparel . eo 1s ' 6 be dd : ext . beverly CENTER parking ramp ~- in arno 's car ~ jessica wait impatiently in the driver 's seat , tapping she finger on the wheel , when ... suddenly -- the air be pierce by the cacophonous fury of one thousand horn and car alarm blast out at once . jessica cover she ear in agony as arno and Danny come run down the ramp like bat out of hell , pull the gum out of they ear . 7 they jump into the car , jessica step on it , and they peel out . be te int . car -~ day jessica be drive , as arno turn and talk excitedly to Danny in the back seat . arno you be right , Danny . it work ! danny I know , just lemme think for a second . Danny be stare intently out the window , as they drive through Santa monica along the beach . arno what do we do now ? what 's next ? suddenly , Danny spot something . danny jessica , pull over ! jessica quickly swerve to the side of the road . be E 76 santa monica beachfront -- day yno , Danny and jessica be walk quickly down the sidewalk in beachfront Santa monica . Danny be stare intently at something up ahead . jessica arno , I / m tired of this , I want to go home . . arno . alright , honey , we will see if ... danny . we can not go home , jessica . that 's the first place they have look , there 's probably guy wait for we right now . : jessica well I have get work to do , and I be not in the mood for cop and robber . where be we go ? Danny point straight ahead . danny there ... they lock up to see , in the distance ... '' ext . the santa monica pier ~- . arno , jessica and danny stride across a walkway towards the santa monica pier , a somewhat run down amusement center right on 's the water . the pier be a swirl mixture of bad seafood restaurant , cheap ice cream shop and cheesy carnival game that be impossible to win . arno be fascinate by the good - nature activity on the pier . he 's never be to a amusement park before . jessica be not as pleased . jessica I do not get it , why be we at a amusement park ? arno she 's right , Danny . I never come 77 & arno take off danny that 's the point . they have never think to look for you here , that 's why we cane . arno that 's true , but ... danny look . the villain will eventually catch up with we , they always do . but instead of go to they , we let they find we . in the meantime , we phone the police , call in for back up. es arno but I never call for backup . danny I know , that 's you problem . you wanna go take this guy on singlehandedly . well instead , we get about 200 cop down here , the villain show up look for we , they get waste . ( Danny smile ) we hang out an@ play air hockey . arno ? it 's brilliant . that 's a great plan , Danny . 1/11 call decker . , down the boardwalk . jessica if it 's so simple , how come I have get kidnap so many time ? how come I be always in danger , if all you need to do be call the police ? danny look , jessica , you be not gonna get kidnap again . so just relax and enjoy yourself . int . arcade tent ~~ ark the tent be fill with game of all sort ; video , pinball , 78 ec - ball , aiz hecxey ~~ a kid 's fantasy . wu Danny and jessica walk through a gauntlet of video game . jessica do not seem to like any of they . she point toward the larger , carnival game . jessica oh , look , skee Ball . skee ball -- Danny and jessica pitch the hard , wooden bail up the ramp toward the hole . jessica ( miss ) damnit ... danny this be really lame . you gotta try double Dragon , now that 's a good game ... Danny toss a skee ball , just as arno walk over to they . he 's carry a Soft - serv ice cream cone . arno alright , I speak to decker . they be send 30 car , they should be here in ten minute . jessica ‘( frustrated ) well then I be gonna go look around . you boy have fun ... jessica leave . danny what 's eat she ? arno ( more concerned with he ice cream ) I do not know . danny hey , listen , let 's go check out the air hockey ... be ee AIR hockey -~- 73 ec ad ct NY bat the fleat puck back and forth . arno 's a ime of he life , go at the game like it 's the vl , balance the ice cream cone in one hand . arno nlick he ice cream cone ) you know , Danny , this stuff be great ! it 's all cold and creamy ... danny you have never have ice cream before ? arno I have never play air hockey either ! he smashes home a goal . arno I do not usually have time for this ... danny iocan imagine ... arno I be too busy out busting criminal and exact vengeance ... ( he block a shot ) ... but this be great ! Danny score on arno , end the game . _ danny you lose again , slater . arno laugh and put down he paddle . arno ( wistfully ) I wish jessie and I do stuff like this more often . it seem like the only time I ever see she be when we be make a getaway , or when she 's taping up one of my wound ... danny yeah , well you be a busy guy , arno . 3 arno maybe. ( beat ) do you know why we have never have child ? danny bo ' é no , TI just think ... arno : »+- I would not let she . t say that a child would just be one more person to kidnap , one more obligation that would stop I from fulfil . my duty . well now I be suspend , and all this criminal be out to get I ... arno look down at Danny , who 's listen to he raptly . arno come on Danny , let 's go outside ... be on the pier <-~ arno stop to buy another ice cream cone . the two of they walk along the pier soaking up the warm , California sun . arno . you be a smart kid . you must make you parent very proud . Danny have grow very quiet . he walk to the edge of the pier and look out over the water . danny yeah , I guess ... arno what 's wrong , Danny ? danny nothing . it 's just that this all remind I a lot of coney isiand , in - New York ... arno : sure , I bust some jamaican drug smuggler there . danny yeah , well this might be a different coney Island , the one where I be from . my dad and I use to go out there , ride the cyclone , get a hot dog at Nathan 's ... 8l ' é arng ( concerned ) and now you / be so far from home ... danny Nah , it 's not that . ( beat ) my father die , arno . he 's dead ... arno ( shocked ) do someone kill he ? danny no , no he die of - cancer . they do not know what it be fer a long time . the doctor 's jerk he around , the hospital keep switch the treatment . my mom be a wreck , she just withdraw from it all ... arno I be sorry , Danny , it 's very hard to lose someone who mean so much to you ... danny ( heatedly ) yeah , but the whole thing be so lame , he just sit there die and I do not do shit to help he ... arno well , Danny , there be not much you could do ... danny look at you , arno ! someone kill you cousin Frank , you go get payback for it ! you find the guy who kill he and wipe they off the face of the earth ! that must make you feel better , at least you be do something ... arno take a long , hard look at Danny , listen to the anger and bitterness in he voice . he wonder , perhaps for the first time , just how much better vengeance make he feel . arno Danny ... arno 's sentence be interrupt when he ice cream scoop b2 spiatter all over nis face . arno what the ... he lock down at the cone , and both he and Danny watch as it too explode in he hand . danny look ! they look down to the end of the pier and realize -~ someone be shoot at they . arno the game room , now ! under a hail of bullet , arno and Danny run around behind the tent for cover . danny Jesus Christ , how they would find we so . quickly ? arno and where be decker 's man ? they hear footstep , man shouting and come closer . arno lead they around the tent and in throuch a flap . they see five of id 's man enter the tent , all brandish gun . the arcade crowd fly into a state of total panic , run and diving under table and game . the ground -- arno and '' danny be crawl along the floor . arno hold he beretta , Danny drag he bookbag . arno I think | you say the pier would be safe ? danny it should be , this do not make any sense . another cloud of bullet shatter a wall of video machine above they head . danny 83 ~ eer coma ~~ -e ( ~~ at least th arno hand he gun to danny . arno . Danny , listen , when I count to three , you stand up and start fire , okay ? danny look ready , then something occur to hin . danny arno ... just one question ... ( beat ) be not we out of bullet ? arno check the chamber on he beretta . sure enough , it 's empty . - : danny remember ? you run out in the mall ... arno that 's right . ( he look around ) okay , do not worry , I have a plan . arno crab-walk backwards along the floor , dedge bullet , until he reach the skee ball booth . grabbing a rock hard skee ball , he spring to he foot and go into a nuclear pitching wind -up . a unlucky gunman try to duck , but it 's too late , the skee 's Ball have conk he into next week . danny smile and toss arno a handful of balis. , arno go into a rotary launching fury , run across the room , waste every gunman in he path . but he 's out of ball , and there 's a gun point right in he face ... ' with lighten speed , arno tumble roll on to the air hockey set and scoops up a bundle of puck . the gunman just get he aim , when a bright plastic puck zing into he forehead . arno let 's move , Danny ... but Danny 's nowhere in sight . be & ext . the middle of the pier -- 84 a angry gunman be back Danny along the wooden pier with ‘le stick under he chin . he push Danny up against gq and lean over he , stick the gun in he face . 3g meanwhile , the twins stand at the exit to the arcade tent , wait for arno to emerge . jule . ( to Danny ) call you friend ! cali to heem ! Danny be petrify , he strain against he captor ... . bad guy - you hear the man , call ’him , or you die ! but Danny will not do it , and the bad guy shove he to the ground . as he fall , he hear a clanking sound when he bookbag hit the pier . then , he remember . jim go ahead , keel hin . we will get the big guy anyway ... the gunman cock he pistol . gunman so long , kid ... Danny reach into he bookbag , then point up towards the gunman ... danny bye , asshole ! what > " explode through the end of Danny 's bookbag would be best describe as fire a cruise missile through a pea-shooter . the force be incredible , it tear the bookbag to shred and the gunman be literally blow to dust . no blood , no gut , just a fine cloud of bad guy residue . danny Holy shit ... Danny look down at he hand in wonder . he 's hold the gun the projectionist give he . it glow a bright metallic blue , smoke pour from the barrel . two other bad guy run towards Danny ... 85 'o ee and another incredible 3 bad guy # 1 be blow nbling backwards down the pier . 4 bad guy # 2 run up and grab Danny 's hand . Danny look down at where he 's be grab . his skin be somehow glowing . it 's like he 's in technicolor and the rest of the world 's in sepia tone . Danny close he eye as bad guy # 2 rear back and punch he in the face . Danny open he eye . the guy be stare at he . his face feel fine . he lunge forward , and the result astonish he ... bad guy # 2 be send hurtle end over end down the pier , at least 100 ft , rack up in a ring toss booth . danny . Jesus ... meanwhile -~ arno be body slamm a group of attacker . in typical arno fashion , he 's hold he own even though there 's at least ten of then . suddenly , body start fly off he one by one , and arno see danny , fight really awkwardly , but kick total ass nonetheless . . arno Danny ! what 's happen to you , you be glow ! Danny toss the last attacker into the arcade tent . arno watch in disbelief . the bad guy 's attack have be completely repell . id 's man lie all over the pier , unconscious . arno that be incredible , Danny . suddenly , footstep . seven more men be run down the pier towards arno and Danny . arno this look like trouble , better get behind I ... b86 ‘é , e danny no , arno . you get behind I . arno watch in amazement as Danny brandish he porcelain gun . danny so long , sucker ! kaboom ! the force of the blast blow the bad guy out of they shoe , shaking the pier to its foundation . arno and Danny look around . all the assailant have fle : in fact , the entire pier be desert , except for ... all the way at the other end , the twins be drag jessica towards they peugeot . park around they be three black Lexus 's , fill with merc . Jules shove jessica into the back seat and screech away . arno jessie ! danny let 's move ! they start run down the pier when suddenly , arno stop . arno ys wait a second Danny , i be just think . there 's four car fill with armed man , and only two of we . maybe we should wait for the back -up . : danny what be you , kid I ? they have get you wife , it 's personal now ! we gotta kick ass ! CUT to : ext . los angele CITY street -- day arno and Danny be engage in a high speed , nail bite chase through the street of l.a . the villain have about a three block lead on arno 's brandless american tin box . : 87 ' 6 a} y pick up he porcelain gun . he hold it up , and inspect it fondiy . arno be careful , Danny ... danny . . De not sweat it , arno . it 's under control ... . : arno there 's something wrong with that gun . it should not have that kind of firepower ... . danny jealous , arno ? let I see you old clunker . arno hand Danny he beretta and catch sight of he skin . he 's even brighter than before . arno you do not look so good . Danny flip down the sun shade , and check he face out in the vanity mirror . danny Jesus ...1 I do not know ... I feel fantastic ... like I be ten time as strong ... the villain be gain distance up ahead . they turn off down a bumpy stretch of road . . arno we be lose they . hang on . arno spin the wheel , make sick turn , swerving through gridlock traffic and run light . after twenty second of veer , roaring hell , Danny clutches he stomach . all this drive be start to make he sick . danny God , this be awful , I think I be gonna heave ... arng maybe we should have wait for the as & ww danny no , keep go . it 's too late now . Danny hang he head out the window , obviously very uncomfortable . then he spot something up ahead ... on a sidestreet , danny nos p.o.v , == two workmen carry a enormous pane of glass down the block . ; danny stop the car ! . arno what ? how come ... danny pull over , arno ! now ! arno be you go to throw up ? arno swerve violently over to the side of the road . . be ext . alley -- day the two workmen with the pane of glass be walk down a alley now . arno and danny be follow then . arno . Danny , if you be not go to be sick , I really think we should . get back in the car ... danny trust I , arno . I think this be gonna work . the workmen turn the corner on to a bright , noisy street up ahead . arno and Danny follow close behind . : chase STREET -~ what they see when they turn the corner surprise they . a large , wide street , literally buzzing with activity . . arno 8s sw omer ee with what 's go on . Danny ? 0 as they walk down the biock , they pass the two worker with the pane of glass . then , they come to a sidewalk cafe , fill with afternoon eater . a huckster , push a fruit cart rumble past they down the street . they keep walk , pass rack of beef dangle over the sidewalk on meat hock . on the other side , they pass FIRE hydrant , garbage can , a student driver car , and finally , at the end , a trucker direct he friend , in a eighteen - wheeler , back first into traffic . danny this be it . as Danny and arno stand at the end of the block , they look back over the street . it be a domino line of every car chase obstacle you have ever see , all pack together on one block . danny arno , if we wait here a few minute , I guarantee the villain will come right to we ... dissolve to : ext . chase STREET - minute later Danny and arno be stand next to the eighteen wheeler at the far end of the street . . . . . arno where be they ? danny any minute now ... then , sure enough , from the other end of the block , the villain 's Cars come barrel on to chase Street . the lead car race down the road , crash through the plate of glass , topple the fruit cart , to the angry yell of the huckster , and then plow into a FIRE hydrant . the gush water spray cause the second villain car to veer off into the row of hanging beef , and the third to rack up on the garbage can . 30 sre ail still plow ahead to the panic stricken horror of tne student driver , whom they rear end into @ china the villain have practically make it through chase Street when the mammoth eighteen wheeler start back up inte the road . the villain be size up the situation . it look like there will just be enough room to squeeze through . they will just cut around the back . but there 's danny , he gun point at the truck . danny back up faster ! truck driver ( petrify ) but ... then they will not ... Danny put the gun to the Driver 's head . danny faster ! the driver step on it , and the huge truck pick up speed and , uh-oh , close the little remain gap . the peugeot veer off into the wall , as the three '' lexuse rack up in a heap under the truck . the fifteen indefatigable merc spring from they car and take up position guard jessica in the center . danny and arno -- be stand safely ’on the other side of the truck . danny - you go around the front , I all take the back . we blast they from both end , and meet in the middle . arno right . they split up ; and duck around both end of the truck . the merc spin around to face they . suddenly , arno panic ... arno wait ... Danny ! you have get my gun ! al ee ee but Danny , on the other side of the truck , be in a kill frenzy and can not hear he . th it 's too late . the twins have see arno panic , and now they 's be come right for hin . danny be busy blow away merc with two fist , fire arno 's gun and he own , in a arabesque of extreme violence . on the other side -~ : ue arno be struggle bare handedly with jule | and jim . he ' 's just barely hold he own , wrestle he armed attacker to the ground . but the twin be relentless . at the same time , Danny manage to penetrate the merc 's guard circle . with one hand he valiantly spring jessica from the car , and with the other he blast three merc into oblivion . on the other end , arno 's in bad shape . the twins have he cornere and they be about to play they favorite trick . dule run around and kneel behind arno 's leg as Jim push arno over backwards . he bang he head down on the cement . the world go black . he 's knock out . danny =~ lead jessica to safety and turn around just in time to see the twin pull out in they peugeot with arno captive in back . - close on - Danny 's face , watch arno go ... ' danny ( quietly ) no ... then , he feature slowly tensing with rage . he scream . danny no ! cut to : int . arno 's arsenal - close on = a biack boot . hand yank the lace taut and knot they . then 92 aw ey ee eee ec aa tnudding as the boot clod heavily down on to the ficor . it 's danny . he 's glow like a roman candle , literally plaster head to foot with gun . close on -- he face -- paint with camouflage . he be no longer the fresh - face young boy of the beginning , but a snarling , angry , out - for-justice - commande , ready to do serious damage with a variety of deadly weapon . he charge upstairs . the live room ~ jessica be lie on she back nursing a bruise with a ice- pack when Danny burst into the room . jessica ( shocked by he appearance ) my God , what have you be do down there ?! danny let 's move out . jessica you know , - you be not suppese to touch that stuff ... : danny we be go for arno , right now . jessica ( incredulous ) Danny , he 's be hold by 100 hundred grow man . there 's nothing you can do . danny oh , yes there be . arno 's in big trouble and I be not go to turn my back , and neither be you . jessica . what do you need I for ? he toss she the car key . jessica stare at they . 93 danny ( sheepishly ) toca not drive . be bd : int . decker nos office , police precinct -- night decker sit behind he desk at the precinct , anxiously wring he hand , and wait for a phone call . he chomp down on he cigar , and look at he watch . then the phone ring . decker decker ... ( beat , he face light up } you be joke . ( beat ) when be you go to kill he ?... what about a little torture or something first ?... perfect , he should really enjoy that ... _ decker hang up the phone , pour himself a celebratory chiva regal out of a hide bottle in he desk , then head out of the office whistling , a new spring noticeable in he step . precinct parking lot -- decker , giddy and a little tipsy , be saunter over to . he lemon color oldsmobile , do a little jig as he reach for he car key , and then all of sudden he freeze ... because the cold steel of a brown 9 mm be be thrust into the back of he skull . . ° . - decker whoever you be , you nre make a big mistake ...- voice ' you make the big mistake , decker . decker spin around to see danny , stand behind he . he 's glow brighter than ever . decker wha ... what ? I do not know what you be talk about ... danny forget it , decker . I know you set we up . you never send the backup , you 94 gust call id 's man and tell they C 6 where we be ... decker . ( nervously ) that 's ridiculous , who tell you that ? danny you be the old Vietnam buddy , decker . the Old Vietnam buddy always betray you ... Le decker I ... I can explain ... ' danny explain later , jerkoff . right now , ) you take I to id 's hideout or you be ' gonna have a serious excedrin headache , Danny push decker over to arno 's car . jessica be wait impatiently in the driver 's seat . she look pretty annoyed 's by the whole thing . jessica e& hi Bob . she frown as Danny push decker into the back seat . } decker - 's jessie .:. how 's thing ? jessica just carpool the kiddie . I do not suppose you two could just go ahead ) ) . and do this yourselves ? } decker } sure ... whaddyasay , kid ? | danny shut up , decker . 's bo Danny put the gun up to decker 's head and cock it . ' danny take we to id 's hideout while you can still talk . decker stare at Danny nervously . oe | oy ' 6 e you do not understand , kid . sla and I have a long history , I have my reason for do what I do ... danny ( scream ) I do not give a shit !! take we to arno , now !! decker a head for Hollywood , jessica ... they pull cut . int . abandoned movie studio -- night a enormous , run down sound stage now function as the villain 's Main warehouse . overhead , there be a iron catwalk , once the lighting Bridge , that run the perimeter of the room , connect in the middle by a cross-bridge . id' sentinel be post all over the place , pace the perimeter from above . at one end of the room be arno , he arm tie together over he head , secure to a long ceiling chain . ' bound , and manacle , arno be defenseless against the cruel punishment be administer to he by jule and jim , expert torture specialist . jule . power be ready , Jim ? . jim . yes , Jules . I have channel the master power unit into this one , dangerously loose wire . jule oh , then we must be most careful not to touch it ... especially if we be somehow wet at the time . Jules then stick arno 's foot into a bucket of water . 96 é jim have you take all you precaution Mr. slater ? n of my of a < arno you nre a funny guy , Jules ... jim he 's Jules , you idiot ! jule : Safety first Mr. slater , watch the loose wire . dim then press the end of the long cable up against arno 's bare chest . his massive frame begin to seethe and convulse , but he grit back the pain , refuse to scredm out . entering through the front door come the infamous mr . id , he face wrap in bandage , follow by a full compliment of he hardiest merc . through the pain , arno spot id on the other end of the room , and he chafe against he chain . arno id , I be go to rip you bandage head right off that skinny neck ! mr . id ah , if it be not arno slater , the walk muscle . I trust you be enjoy the accommodation ... arno I will enjoy burn they down . mr.id that would not be advisable . I go to great length to cbtain this space , Mr. slater . the man who own the building make a rather comprehensive deal with I . when he default , I ' collect this studio , as well as other valuable far more precious . and , as I be sure you know already , mercy be not one of my strength ... arno be that why you kill Frank , id ? to prove how ruthless and evil you be ? o7 & e_ mr.id you never get any smarter , doa you ? you cousin Frank 's death be a error . a foul up . a completely unnecessary kill that I , above all , regret . arno what ? mr.id ; it be you whom we intend to kill , slater . Frank be wear you hat , he come out of you gym , and you both have that cro magnon slouch ... arno ( disbely ) - it be all a mistake ? mr.id I be just as upset as you be . I despise incompetence . I can assure you , however , that we will be far more thorough when it come to kill you . arno I / will see you in Hell , id ! mr.id that 's right , you will . ( he laugh ) Jules , Jim , destroy this mongoloid half - wit before I do it myself . they sizzle arno with another rock dose of electricity . arno you french asshole ! jule we be not french asshole ... jim we be belgian asshole ! Jules take a smolder hot iron out of he bag , and press it against arno ' 's chest . arno bite back the pain silently as he skin sizzle . mr.id 38 a. iu 's okay to be upset , slater , iet you emetion out , cry if you feel like it . then , suddenly ... a thunderous explosion at the far end of the room . a enormous hole have be blow in the wall , send brick , plaster and dust fly everywhere . there be silence for a moment . a cloud of dust and smoke hang . in the air . then , a voice -- voice I be come for you id ! sfx - a low rumbling of steel wheel . a old camera dolly part the smoke , roll through the hole and out into the room . . on top of the dolly , steering , be danny . in he right hand -- a smoking bazooka ... in he left -~ two more of id 's man , dead . he toss they to the ground . . " danny ' hey , you twin butthead . you can kiss my ass . he brandish two gun at once . ( cont . } two time . close on -- ' Jules and Jim , look alarmed . then run for cover . overhead -- id 's man take up position on the center bridge between the catwalk ... danny += 93 2 speed , hor off the dolly , toss the bazooka whip out a intricate , compound bow . id 's man aim they rifle at Danny . danny << slowly , deliberately , pull a long arrow from its quiver , and lay it across the bow . down the shaft , at its point , a shiny golden triangle ... a explosive head . on the bridge -- id 's man yell '' Fire ! '' danny == release the arrow ... close on -- the arrow , whizzing through the air and then ... the bridge explode it 's the fourth of July , as human firework light the air . the burn wreckage tumble to the floor and smolder . danny -- step through the smoke once again . danny who 's next ? he toss the bow and arrow on the ground , - arno . fobscure by the smoke ) danny ! watch out ! a top=class merc -- come charge out of the smoke , and grab Danny around the throat from behind . he start to choke he when ... danny reach over he shoulder , grab the back of the merc 's head , and deliver a shatter reverse head butt . iso ‘é “e C arno Danny , look out , there 's two more ... two bad guy come charge through the smoke . danny -- smile , relish the moment , then reach over he shoulder for the gun tape to he back ... _- but wait , something 's wrong , he can not reach it , he 's tape it too low . bad guy 1 < -- charge at he , punch he in the stomach . danny buckle over , fake the pain , then elhow blast the unaware guard in the temple . the last bad guy -~- stare at Danny now . he think twice about attack hin , then start to run . danny . -- smile , swing the laser sight pistol out of a holster . arno Danny , do not ... the red dot from the laser travel up the man 's back and ... blam ! . e he tumble over head first . now , the room -~ be a panorama of death and destruction . body lie scattered everywhere among the wreckage . arno , still hang from a chain . and Danny , in the middle of it all . he step forward , towards arno ... arno 1o1l 8 have the laser gun in he hand . in arno 's direction . »-- thank gad . arno Danny ! it 's I , arno ... he raise it and the red laserlight , travel up he stomach , over he neck , past he face .. arno Danny ... the light keep move , right up to arno 's manacle stop in between they on the chain . danny fire . and arno crash to the floor , free now . arno 's p.o.v . - = he 's lie right at Danny 's foot . arno that be good shoot , Danny , but you do not need to kill that man ... . danny ( not listen ) id and the twin ' get away . arno how do you find I ? * danny : décker . - he betrayed we at the pier . . arno , decker ? but why ? danny he 's a bureaucrat arno , think about it . here , you will want this . Danny pull arno 's gmm beretta combat pistol out , it over to he . arno stare at hand . d wrist , and hand the gun , quietly . he turn it over in he 102 e arno I have kill a lot of pecple with this gun , Danny . danny get ready to kill a lot more . Danny and arno move out through the back door into a long corridor . int . hallway <- a long , narrow , hallway fill with costume and old backdrop . the wind corrider dogleg at its middle . Danny and arno creep cautiously ahead . sfx -- gunshot two bullet clang against the wall , inch away from they . danny that 's the twin . two more gunshot == ring out in the hallway . arno dammit . ( beat ) cover I ... arno get out down on he hand and knee . Danny grab he shoulder . . danny wait , arno . he tear a grenade off he vest . how 's you curve ball ? farther down the hallway -- Jules and Jim back up by a group of merc . every few second , one of they reach around the corner and fire off another shot in the direction of arno and Danny . sfx -- clanging 103 eee '' C im take a few step backwards as the clanging get i louder . a grenade -- skip straight down the hallway , spin wildly . it brushes against a wall , then take a vicious curve straight for ... the gang of merc , who stand there , transfix . jule and jim run for a doorway . . sfx -~ explosion arno and danny come barrel down the hallway , right behind the explosion , gun draw . they lock down and see the merc 's dead body , put no sign of the twin . they duck through the door and see another long haliway , which split into a fork . running up the middle of the hall , side by side , be Jules and jin . arno the twin ! danny we have get to split they up ! arno take hold of the high tech archer 's bow , kneel and zing a arrow down the long hallway . as they reach the fork in the hall , the twin look back ... the arrow 's come right between they shoulder . Jules dive leave , Jim to the right , and the arrow explode into the wall between they . arno and Danny charge down the hall after . they . Danny sling a rifle over he shoulder and cock it . arno take hold of the massive rocket launcher . they reach the fork , and arno _pull Danny aside . arno ( he grab Danny 's arm ) look , Danny , I want you to be careful ... danny ( smile ) they can not touch this . 104 CC arno . be careful anyway . try not to kill anyone who do not deserve it . danny stare at hin strangely . danny you okay , arno ? arno . ( quietly ) Le I be fine . let 's do it . they take off down the hall ; arno to the right towards jin in the load dock , and Danny to the leave after Jules . loading dock < = a expansive load dock , fill with huge crate . arno step into the room quietly , watch as Jim desperately try to climb into a air shaft from on top of one of the crate . arno come down from there , Jules . TI do not want to kill you ... jim I be dim , you overgrown american idiot . Jim snort and fire off a few round towards arno . arno dce not even flinch as the bullet miss by a wide margin . arno okay , I warn you ... arno walk over to the mountain of crate that Jim be stand on . with a massive heave , arno topple one of the crate , send the other tumble down in a chain reaction . meanwhile -- Jules be run for he life down a old studio hallway from ... danny , who cackle loudly and fire a few shot off now and then . Jules come to the end of the long hallway and burst through a doorway , outside , into a ... 105 'o old western town set ~~ a cobwebbed , crumble but still stand set from a old western , jule stand in the middle of Main Street . hear Danny come up behind he , he dart over to the SALOON . i , : as Jules push through the swinging door of the saloon , he realize that this be only stand up flat . he press himself up against the flimsy material , and peer out the glassiess window to the street . jule p.o.v . <- Danny stand in the middle of the street now . he have a big smile on he face . he pull the porcelain gun off he back . danny eenie , meenie , miney ... a huge explosion blast the saloon flat into splinter , but jule have manage to slip out and race across the street to the bank . what follow be a extremely violent cat and mouse game , as jule run from the bank , to the post office , to the brothel . Danny blow away each just after he start run . now , Jules be . behind the old jail set , and have no place leave to run . he try take a few shot at Danny , but they miss . . danny nowhere leave to run , Jules . say you prayer ... . . Danny fire , and Jules be bury under a mountain ef wood . back to arno , in the loading dock -- * he push away the enormous crate . finally , he come to Jim 's bedy . his eye be wide open , but he neck be twisted hideously . arno shake he head , then reach down and shut Jim 's eye . he get up and walk out of the room . hold on jim , for a moment , wait for arno to leave . as soon as the door close , one of he eye pop OPEN . 106 ( @ at &: western town -- be now entirely destroy . the outdoor set be litter with shattered , smolder piece of wood . at the end of the street , where the jail use to be , something stir under a mountain of rubble . the piece of wood start to fall aside , and rise from the ash be jule ... beaten , bloody , but still alive . he limp forward out of the wreckage , cock he gun . - danny ( 0.8 ) think I have leave , do not you ?: stand behind Jules be Danny , who have not leave at all , but be in fact point he guh right in Jules 's back . danny sorry Jules , I be not that stupid . you be the second most evil bad guy . and the second most evil bad guy always come back to kill you at the end ... Jules reach nervously for he gun ... danny not this time ... Danny fire , blow Jules into dust . int . old horror movie set - arno barge through a side door and on to a dusty old horror Movie set of Hell . everywhere in the room : stalactites , stalagmite , boulder , cavern , steel cage , and once 's ' fiery pit . arno come out , id . arno cock he rifle , and blow a paper mache stalactite off the ceiling . arno there 's nowhere leave to run . 207 € -. then , a small crackle noise from behind he . arno spin and fire off another round into the big boulder . plaster fly up , and clog the air with dust . behind the cloud of debris , arno make out a figure , stand very still . it 's id . mr.id very impressive , '' slater . you know just where to look . arno the drug , id . I want they . now ! . mr. id ( laugh ) of course . they be in the pit . arno look at id , surprised . he glance over to a pit , cover by wooden slat . . arno why do not I believe you ? 6 mr . id € C because you be a moron ? ( beat ) you - still do not get it , slater , do you ? arne leok puzzle . 's mr. id the drug be nothing . they be > simply the mean to a end . coe ° '' arno ye . '' 's and what be that ? fund hostile : - rebel in Central America ? bribe ) - government official ? maybe a - . Senator ? ) mr. id ) my , what a active imagination . it ) be much simpler than that . , id take a step forward . : . 7 ( cont . } we be only sell the drug to . make money . we use the money to buy @ - gun . we need the gun the kill cf 108 '' @ arno but why ? why would you want I dead ? mr. id you interfered with we drug operation . arno but you be only sell the drug so you could kill I ... mr.id precisely . ~ arno so , if I hadn not be there stop you , you would not have be sell the drug ... . mr.id how perceptive . none of this make any sense . arno try desperately to figure it out . mr. id look , if you do not bélieve I , check . the pit . blow up the drug , they have serve they purpose . arno reluctantly walk over to the pit and kick the slat off . he almost do not want to look in there . if id 's tell the truth ... arno Frank would be alive ... all this kill . it be all for nothing ... . arne kick the slat off and ... no booby trap . no surprise . just a mother lode of drug in plastic bag at the bottom of the pit . arno can not believe id have tell he where they be . arno ( try to work it out ) you sell the drug to get the money to kill I , but I do not stop you until you start sell the drug ... 103 '' CC id look ever at arno , who seem paralyze by self doubt . mr . id confuse , slater , be not it ? almost madden . ( beat ) well , what be you wait for ? take the rocket launcher , aim it in the pit , and fire ... arno be disorient ; he whole world seem to be crumble around hin . . mr. id " or do you have something else in mind ? perhaps you be go to kill I first ? be not that what you always do ? . arno no. arno jet the rocket launcher fall to he side . arno there 's be enough kill . jessick ( 0.s. ) get off I ! decker push into the room , with a gun point to jessica 's head . decker slater , you pasty face sauna monkey , drop the gun ! : .e mr.id it 's about time , Captain . arno jessica , how do you get here ? jessica he kidnap I . what else be new ? decker that crazy kid leave she in the car with I . ( arno approach they ) I 'il shoot she , slater , I swear I ' will do it ... iio ' é e - arno decker , you be a cop ! how could you do this ? decker it be not just I , slater . the whole recinct chip in to pay this guy . killgallon and mcmurphy have a bake sale . arno I do not understand , we be buddy . why would you de this to I ? decker ( snort ) . he 's askin I why . why would I do it ? I have say it the you a million time , but do you ever listen to I ? - neoooo . you just do thing you own way ... arno . but I think ... decker you '' ve give ny department 's the worst reputation in the country , slater . I have get media hound do the Thomas flair three foot up my cornhole , tne aclu white water rafting down fudge river canyon .... {getting louder ) I be this close to get kick out on my sweaty petard : without a pension , and you ask I why ?! arno yes ... decker ( in a total frenzy } because you be a ball - peen jacka - menace , slater , that 's why ! because I have slurped about all the cock toast I can take from you poncey poon facker ... ( he think for a '' ainute ) and you take the shingles off the monkey-stick ! they all take a second to register this . aii ' é she shake she this be moronic . self free from decker . decker do not move ... jessica go ahead and shoot , Bob , I be not play hostage for you ! ( beat ) I be so tired of this , arno ! the worry , the kidnapping , play along with all this goddamn macho posture ... arno '' jessie , not you too ? . jessica ~ do not lump I in with this guy , arno . I have be supportive , I have help you all this year . I clean you gun when you want they clean , I sew up you wound '' when they need stitching ... I need jessica start to do something for I ... I want to go back to school , start a career , have kid ... ° arng jessie , now be not really the best time for this ... jessica I think it 's the perfect time . I be leave you arno . Goodbye . walk away . decker get back here ! arno jessie , please ... she turn around to face they . jessica | you two have some kind of score to 112 ~ we @ , go ahead , settle it : but €@ I out . ( beat , she look at arno} I be sorry arno , but we never really know each other anyway . good bye . id laugh , enjoy this little revelation . arno . decker , look , let 's drop we gun , we can'talk this out ... mr.id do not do it , decker . arno '' - I will quit the force , you will never have to see I again ... decker and give up the one thing you know how to do ? yeah , sure ... mr.id shoot he ! arno decker , please ! i’11l put my gun down first ... decker '' I know that one too , hot-shot . you nve get another one tape to you back ! arno , decker , I do not have ... please , let 's not shoot each other over nothing ... mr.id do it ! decker raise he gun ... arno make no attempt to protect himself . then ... kaboom ! a enormous explosion pulverize decker into dust . it 's danny . he 's smile , hold he smoking gun . sense the opportunity , id slip away from they and out through a side door ... 113 danny € arno , he 's get away ! but arno be kneel down , look at decker 's gun and shield which lay on the ground . arno he be a good man , Danny . he curse a lot , and I do not understand what he be say ali the time , but he mean well ... danny hey arno , Mr. arch villain just make a break for it . arno decker hate I , Danny . I make he life hell . danny well , that 's too bad , but we do not have time to cry over back -stabbing bureaucrat right now ... we have get to finish off id . eo arno rise to he foot . arno no . no more kill . danny hey , arno , news flash ! Mr. id , ' . biggest drug dealer on the West Coast and all around scum bag just high tail it out of here ... arno . you do not understand , Danny . he be just sell drug to buy gun to kill I ... danny what the hell be you talk about ? arno | it be I , Danny , . I cause . all this crime . it 's like a endless roller coaster ride that I start , and now I want to get off ... e 114 , oe danny i oca not believe you ! they kill Frank ! arno tt be a accident . they be try to get I . ( beat ) I feel bad , sure , but kill they will not bring he back . danny what about justice , arno ? he be you cousin . arno you wanna know the truth , Danny ? Frank be not even really my cousin . his father be my dad 's best friend , and , you know , we start call he uncle , so you call he son cousin , and pretty soon it just stick . Danny cock the porcelain gun . danny we be waste time . arno look , Danny , this whole thing 's be . pointless ... just let it go . danny if you be not go to kill id then I will . : arno grab Danny by the arm . : * arno : ° no , Danny , I will not let you do that . danny try and stop I ! Danny slap arno 's arm away , break free from he grip , and send the big man a few step backwards . arno stand freeze , shocked by how viclent Danny have become . d ust then , Jim , the remain twin , stumble out from behind a stalagmite . before Danny and arno can react , he fire off a shot ... blam ! 4115 'ot e nitting arno in the chest . arno stumble backwards , as Danny raise he gun . Jim fire again , propelling arno over the edge of the pit , and send he fall down ... down ... finally crash on the botton . danny you sonofabitch ! Jim try to scurry away , but Danny fire repeatedly , blast he back the Brussels , air mail express . Danny run over to the pit and look down . Way down . arno 's body lie still at the bottom . Danny get to he foot . ° danny ( scream ) id ! ' you bastard ! you will pay for * this ! . - his voice echoe through ' the studio . he cock he gun , and go racing out the side door . . be on the studio ground -- Mr. id be run for he life , look backward over he shoulder and then pick up the pace whenever - he hear he name be call in the distance . as he run , the bandage around he face start to unravel and flake off , leave a trail of tear gauze in he wake . the chase lead Danny out through the studio property , up a side street , and then on to hollywood boulevard . Danny chase id past whore , biker , the grand , old Movie house of Hollywood Blvd : Mann 's chinese , El capitan , the egyptian ... ' cut to : int . old horror movie set - at the bottom of the pit ... . a clench fist unfurl . slacken feature resume they shape , and arno stir awake . 116 '' @ a a S tne air . he come to he knee and sneeze . down and see a white bed of cocaine , he bedy imprint in the flake , arno be bleed bad , but he 's stiil alive . the drug must have break he fall . curt to : ext . hollywood boulevard - Danny keep run , still follow the trail of unravel gauze . suddenly , it end . he look up and realize he 's way at the end of the strip now . he 's stand in front of a enormous , decrepit movie theater . the light aze all off , the window be board up . the marquee be miss all its letter but one ; a " a " that hang off to one side . : the front door look like it 's be pried open . a old rotting slat swing back and forth on a rusty nail . id go through here . Danny smirk , raise he gun and ... boom ! blow half the facade away . he step through the smoking wreckage into ... a enormous theater lobby -~ the paint be dusty , peel , chipping away , and we can barely make : out a flame~like pattern on the walis . danny I ’m coming for you , id ! '' a Danny hear footstep , * and see id run from behind the concessicen stand ... : . booh ! Danny blow it to smithereen , barely miss id . he chase he down the hall , then swing up and around the aisle , into the middle of the theater . danny look up to the ceiling , then turn around . he nos in the middle . of the asmodeun << 117 @ fe danny what the hell ? this be not the asmodeun that Danny know , however . all but a few scattered row of seat have be rip out . the balcony be crumble and sag in the middle . the wall be chip , peel , scar by flame ... Danny walk to the center of the theater and scream at the top of he lung ... danny I ’m go to make you pay , id ! his voice echoe off the wall . Danny move up to the stage , to the lip in front of the movie screen . he stand there , smoking gun in hand . : : suddenly , a light come on from the projection booth , shine out through the porthole . it blind Danny and he put he hand up to shield he eye . mr . id here Tam , Danny . id walk out on the balcony , one or two bandage remain on he face . he pulis they off as he walk forward , and when he step into the light we realize ... - it 's the projectionist . projectionist arno 's dead , Danny , it 's just I and you ... > Danny 's not sure what to do ... projectionist come on , Danny . kill I . that 's what you want , be not it ? I kill arno , now shoot I and even the score . Danny close he eye and fire the gun , take a chunk out of the . balcony , and barely miss id . voice ( 0.8 . ) no ! the voice come from a figure , stand in the lobby . lis the projectionist glance down in annoyance , and instantly , the door slam shut . projectionist here 's you chance , Danny , make up for éverything in one shot ... he spread he arm ... the door burst OPEN again ... voice Danny , wait ! ' the voice near . Danny train he gun on the figure move forward through the aisle . the man stumble ; clutching he mid section ... it 's ... danny aino ... arno De not do it , Danny . do not shoot . he 's bleed , die , but he 's manage to drag himself all the way to the theater . he sit down next to front aisle . danny you be alive ... projectionist I be wait ... . arno Danny , listen to I . if you shoot id , it will never end . someone else will come after you for kill hin , on and on , forever . you will be stick here like I , kill just to stay alive yourself . projectionist come on Danny , do not listen to a dead man . go ahead and shoot , I know you want to ... arng believe I , Danny , it 's not worth ite . I have live that way my whole life ... but you do not have to . you can forget all this , go back to where you 119 Danny be tear , he want desperately the pull the trigger ... projectionist ( grow furious } shoot I , danny ! take you revenge ... Danny raise he gun , he look like he might shoot ... arno , he breath escape he , crawl forward towards he ... arno you will not feel any better , Danny . it will not bring you father back ... 4 long moment pass , both the projectionist and arno hang on Danny 's next move ... Danny 's finger tense around the gun . then -- slowly , they loosen . the gun begin to slip , and Danny let it fall from he hand . . it crash to the ground as Danny climb down off the stage . danny arno , come on ... arno you end it , Danny ... go home ... danny ifm not leave you here ! Danny help arno to he foot ... . arno forget I , I can not go ... + it 's over ... 's meanwhile <= the projectionist be grow furious . his eye flame , he seem . to grow larger on the balcony . jet of fire spew out from the projection room . the whole theater begin to shake . . projectionist use the gun , danny ! that be the agreement ... 126 'o beam fall , the wall crack ... Danny and arno start limping forward down the aisle ... projectionist you must use it ... damn you !! the theater seat catch fire and explode , as the whole building threaten to fold in . through it all , the projectionist stand perfectly still on he balcony , he eye glow red . Danny and arno be run now , straight for the center of the screen . . a long tear in the fabric be just visible . the theater begin to explode behind they as danny hurdle the stage thrust , leap forward and dive ... right into the tear . blackout for a few moment . then Danny plop right back down in he original theater seat . he be unharme , he bookbag still sling over he shoulder . Danny rise out of he seat , just as ... onscreen ~- a raging fire burn in the Movie ! 's asmodeun , as extremely violent ‘s credit roll . the projectionist stand still on the balcony . his face , now expressionless , as’ flame 1iék at he in ali direction . he stare - out fron the screen , coldly , watch Danny . suddenly , the balcony collapse and he 's plummet into ' the burn wreckage . hold on -- danny 's face , he eye desperately scan the screen . but the fire just roar higher and higher ... he turn away and walk out of the theater . '' ext . time square -- Danny push open the front door to the asmodeun and step 12h 'o eo out bath in the gray - yellow light that come he stand juSt outside the theater for a moment . his eye be blank , expressionless . he close they for a second . eighth avenue -- Danny trudge up eighth Avenue , he hand thrust in he pocket , try to keep warm in the early morning chill . he pick up he pace , until he be no longer walk but run , soar past sex shop and porno theater and sleazy go - go bar whose door have finally close . he come to the subway and bound down the step . int . subway car -- a few minute later Light all but disappear as the car roar into a tunnel , then reappear as it come out again , overground . Danny stare out the window , try to find he destination in the small family home and industrial park that make up the borough of queen . ext . somewhere in queen -~ Danny be run again , he chest heaving as he race towards he destination ... a large , sprawling graveyard . the intend tranquility be drown out by the zoom of traffic on the super-highways ringing the lawn . ' ext . the graveyard -- Danny wander through the sea of white gravestone until he find the one he 's look for . he father 's grave -- he stand in front of the grave , stare at it . hold on -- he eye still dry , stili cold . he just stand there , not know what to do . . : he turn to walk away , then fall to he knee . the sob come slowly at first , then harder and harder until he be short of breath from cry . 122 a hand reach out and touch he shoulder . he lock up to see he mother , stand over he , tear in she eye as well . danny Mom ... she kneel on the ground , take he into she arm . hold on -- the two of they in the sea of gravestone . the morning sun have just peak out over the smog and grime of New York City . then dissolve into : int . the asmodeun -- the rows of empty seat in the asmodeun . all be still in the theater now , the projector shine a white light across the theater , the clack of the film unspool can be hear in the background . . slowly , a hand come up over the first row of seat . then a arm , follow by a muscular torso . then the rest of ... arno slater . he rise to he foot . 2 he be unscratch , no bloodstain , he clothes be clean . he step forward down the aisle . he walk through the lobby and out of the theater , into ... the. middle of new york 's bustling time square of he smile broadly . as he walk down the street , he pass a garbage can . he pause for a second , then take he gun out , he prize beretta with the laser sighting , and drop it in the garbage can . arno walk on , see the world around he as though for the first time ... like a man bear into life full grow . end 123