law - abiding citizen written by Frank darabont &amp ; kurt wimmer white - 9 - 7-8 1. fade in : 1 open credit sequence . image and sound be surreal , 1 dreamlike , disturbing : a hand be try to dial three simple number . tremble finger miss , try again ... we hear boop-boop-boop . 911 operator ( filter ) 911 operator , what be you emergency ? the phone rise , grip tightly . knuckle white . we be tight , it 's dark , we see no face -- just slack , tremble lip . whoever it be , he can not talk . all we hear be breathe , all we sense be grief and panic and deep shock . operator ( v.o. ) ( filter ) hello ? can you hear I ? can you speak ? clyde ...ey ... operator ( v.o. ) what ? can you speak up ? clyde ...her ...ey ... 2 ext . road - night 2 light appear like phantom over blacktop , flash . Police car come we way . operator ( v.o. ) Sir , what be the nature of you emergency ? the man can not speak . operator ( v.o. ) Sir ? be you injure ? do you need medical attention ? the car blast by we ... 3 int . house - night 3 tight on phone and mouth : clyde ...her eye ... she can not ... white - 9 - 7 -8 2 . 4 ext . house - night 4 police vehicle converge in slow -motion , dreamlike . Doors fly open , cop jump out , weapon draw as we move with they to : Front door . ramp to normal camera speed as it open , revealing : benson clyde , phone still grip . he barely register the weapon aim at he face . camera close in on he , as : clyde she can not ... close she eye . he 's pull from frame . camera keep moving , follow cop into the house ... Dark as hell inside . and tense . arm training weapon . move up a tight hallway , emerge into ... the live room ... where the flashlight beam find blood -spatter pattern . Furniture shattered and overturn . a kid 's sneaker . the flashlight play across two body in the wreckage -- a woman 's pale hand , a child 's motionless leg . camera drift around to the cop ' face , as : cop # 1 ( unsnap shoulder radio ) dispatch , we have multiple 10 - 55s , need full response , 11-41 . 5 ext . house ( slo - mo ) - night 5 chaotic now , vehicle and light . the eye of the storm be clyde on the lawn , hugging he knee , fetal with horror and grief . he 's scream at the sky , but no sound be come out . ems tech enter shot , steal the frame , race toward the door ... 6 int . house ( slo - mo ) - night 6 tracking shot at floor level , photo be take . flash bathe the foreground wreckage . forensic tech step gingerly . uniform cop hang grimly back , hugging the wall ... camera bring US to closeup : a profile in deep shadow in the foreground , face tilt obliquely in the wreckage . a camera flash reveal the face with shocking glare and the image freeze . a ten year -old girl , eye open , stare at we . clyde ( v.o. ) ( prelap ) her eye . that 's how they be . open like that . you see ? white - 9 - 7 -8 3. 7 int . CITY hall - conference room - day 7 clyde be seat , speak slowly and precisely . angle widen , revealing the room , light filter through blind , as : clyde when I find my wife and child dead , my little girl 's eye be open . ( pause ) the last thing she see of this earth be the face of the man who take she life . can you understand that ? nick ( o.s. ) yes . yes , I can . clyde can you ? really ? ( look to somebody else ) you ? cantrell ( o.s. ) Mr. clyde . I do not see this help . clyde no ? you marry ? Children ? angle have now widened / drifted to include d.a. jonas cantrell , senior Attorney for the State . he wear thick glass and be suffer the early stage of macular degeneration . cantrell divorce . I have a son and daughter . both in college . clyde my daughter be ten . I marry late in life . clyde spread the crime scene photo further on the table . angle come around to reveal the third man in the room : nick price the d.a. under cantrell -- focus , exceptional at what he do , the man you would want on you side . clyde you , Mr. price ? married ? kid ? Nick do not answer , stay focus on the task : nick I have see the crime scene photo , Mr. clyde . many time . they be horrifying . but they do not alter the fact of the case . blue - 9 - 19-08 4. clyde fact ? that man be guilty . both of they . you know they be . nick this be not about what we know . it 's about what we can prove in court . cantrell thing have go against we . tainted crime scene , evidence throw out ... clyde maybe you just have not try hard * enough . nick look . we have have only one real break in this case . the fact that one asshole have decide to testify against the other asshole . clyde in return for immunity . so he get away with it . cantrell the other man do not . he will go down for the crime . that have to count for something . clyde yes . it count for half . ( pause , quietly ) do not reward one of the man who murder my family . please . nick Mr. clyde . I can not claim to know what it 's like to be in you position . lose you wife and child . but please try to grasp how limited we option be . this be how the justice system work . clyde sit for a long moment , numb , absorb this . clyde ah . I see my mistake . I come for justice . instead I get a system . 8 int . CITY hall - hallway - day 8 sarah lowell , fresh out of law school , be wait anxiously for the meeting to end , arm full of file folder . * blue - 9-19-08 4a . with she be bill reynold , the defense attorney in this case , * glance impatiently at he watch . * clyde exit the room fast , not watch where he 's go , * accidentally plow into Sarah as he pass . * blue - 9 - 19-08 5 . clyde sorry . my fault . sarah it 's okay . on he go . Nick and cantrell exit the room . sarah you be due upstairs in three minute ! you be gonna be late ! nick thank you , voice of doom . they move toward the elevator with reynold . Sarah 's at they * heel , sense the tension and keep she mouth shut . nick ( to cantrell ) * we do the right thing ? reynold * ( jump in ) * you even doubt it ? c'mon , you do not just tumble off the fuck truck . do the math ... cantrell have trouble see the elevator button , miss . Nick press it for he . ( this be throw away without comment ; both man be use to cantrell 's bad eye by now . ) they elevator open , they get on ... * 9 int . elevator - day 9 ... and ride up : nick it 's you office . cantrell it 's you decision . Nick shoot he a wither look , glance back at Sarah . nick what do you think ? reynold * what be you ask she for ? she 's * just a intern . * sarah ( deer in the headlight ) * I be just a intern . * blue - 9-19-08 6. nick you be top of you class at Yale , do not give I that shit . cantrell Young lady . someday you might have we job . you know the issue of * the case before the court . speak . sarah okay . um . you can take both man to trial , spend a year and million of taxpayer dollar , and probably lose . or you can cut a deal and at least put one of the man who do the crime on death row . it 's a no-brainer . * you make the deal . * reynold * ( smug , to the man ) * duh . * they trade a look . cantrell glance to Sarah . * cantrell when the day come that you argue a real case in court , you might refrain from summing up with " duh . " sarah * I will avoid that . * 10 int . judge's chamber - day 10 judge LAURA burch preside . Nick , cantrell , Sarah be present . * clarence darby be the focus , Bill reynold at he side . * judge burch * the agreement have be vetted by both side ? satisfactory to all ? reynold yes , you honor . Defense approve . cantrell State also approve , you honor . Nick place a document before darby , along with a pen . nick clarence darby . this document guarantee that you will provide testimony against rupert Ames in the matter of which you be both accuse . in return , you will be ( more ) blue - 9 -19-08 7. nick ( cont 'd ) shield from further prosecution for that capital crime . but you will plead guilty to the lesser charge of break and enter . reynold you will do a maximum of five year . with good behavior , you could be out in three . judge burch that also depend on you testimony and the level of you cooperation . darby you honor need not worry on my account . I assure the court that I be aware of the opportunity I have be give . and I be deeply grateful to all concerned . Nick give cantrell a glance , both stoically endure this proceeding . darby pull the document closer . darby if I may . it have come to my attention that rupert Ames have be spread * lie about I to the tabloid press . * about certain alleged activity of * which I have no knowledge . sexual and otherwise . libel and slander ... yes ? nick ( dryly ) you can always sue he . darby well , no matter . my tongue will wag in court , under oath . his tongue will wag in hell . he put pen to paper , look to Nick . darby he will get the chair ? nick we do not do chair . we do needle . 11 int . CITY hall - grand interior staircase - day 11 Cathedral - like , pigeon flutter . the door from the hallway open and betsy , a month - old german shepherd puppy , bound toward we on a leash pull cantrell toward the top of the vast marble staircase . Nick trail they , nervous as hell : blue - 9-19-08 8. nick whoa , jonas , take my elbow . * cantrell I be not blind . yet . I will do it . nick you be shitty on stair . at least let I take the leash so the dog do not pull you down . cantrell no . she need to imprint on I . not you , not somebody else . cantrell start down . Nick 's at he side , hover and ready to grab he , jump at every little lurch cantrell make . cantrell that 's the whole point of this phase . she need to get the idea that she and I be partner . then the real training can begin . unless you wanna lead I around the rest of my life . nick I will pass . 12 ext . courthouse step - day 12 Nick and cantrell emerge into daylight and find darby in the protective custody of a federal marshal on the courthouse step , surround by a crush of reporter : darby ... it be a burglary go wrong . we think the house be empty . rupert find the woman and child at home and go crazy . I be stone and in fear of my own life , so I fle ... they catch sight of Bill reynold , the defense attorney . cantrell Bill ! you let all you client give testimony on the courthouse step ? reynold hellooo , kettle to pot . since when do you shy away from publicity ? nick since everything in this case have go sideways so far . tell you boy to save it for the courtroom . blue - 9 -19-08 9 . reynold he 's you boy too now . you tell he . reynold proceed down the step ... nick asshole . reynold dickwad . cantrell fuckface . ... and vanish in the crowd . Nick glance sourly toward darby . darby ... and may I say for the record how very sorry I be that I fail to prevent rupert Ames from commit that terrible crime ... nick you good here ? cantrell Long as nobody bump into I . camera follows Nick through the crowd toward darby ... darby ... be give a chance to put the drug and foul live behind I . to atone for my past failing and weakness of character . it be a gift give I by God 's grace ... darby see Nick , grab he hand , shaking it for the camera . darby ... and the grace and wisdom of this court . I can not thank you enough , sir . I cannot . a barrage of camera flash . Nick catch off guard before the * press , darby not let go . then Nick see : * nick's Pov clyde , a tiny defeat figure far below , wait at the bus stop . he 's gaze up , see this photo op happen . nick break the handshake with a flush of discomfort , signal the federal marshal : white - 9 - 7-8 10 . nick marshal , escort you man , please ! ( to the reporter ) Mr. darby be do here ! darby be hustle down the step . the reporter surge to Nick , surround he , shouting question . Nick look over they head and glimpsis clyde get on a bus . the door close , the bus pull away ... 13 int . nick's house - night 13 Nick enter . Dark . he drop he briefcase by the door . 14 int . bathroom - night 14 reflected in the mirror : kell , Nick 's wife , be just out of the bath , wear a robe and toweling she hair . Nick enter behind she . she crane back for a kiss , keep toweling she hair in the mirror . he hug she from behind , bury he face in she neck . drain . kell shit day ? nick shit day . better now . ( pause ) how 's she do ? kell Fine . she drive I a little crazy today . nick she be busy ? kell in overdrive . here . feel . he reach around , slowly unty she robe , pull it open ... ... revealing she pregnant belly . ( we angle have avoid this till now . ) he place he hand , feel for movement . kell of course she stop kick the moment you get home . 15 int . bedroom - night 15 slow tracking shot find they in bed , Nick with he head on kell 's chest . pensive . white - 9 - 7-8 11 . nick I have to say some thing to a man today I do not want to say . and I do something I do not want to do . kell you do not lie to he . or bullshit he . or shine he on . nick none of that thing . kell so you have you reason . you do what you have to . it 's not you fault the world suck . Nick smile , ease he face to she belly . nick you in there . listen up . you mother just say the world suck . you may wanna rethink this whole thing . my advice ? if you be ask ? just stay in there . I promise you , nothing will ever make as much sense as it do right now ... kell what be wrong with you ? nick ... plus there 's shit you do not need to know about . rap. Internet porn . madonna 's entire back catalog . kell do someone drop you on you head ? seriously . I have swollen ankle and all I do be pee . that baby 's come out . nick ( weigh that ) okay . I be sure you hear that . then again there be the Beatles . 70 's funk . louie . ella . be a shame to miss that . ( beat , get serious ) all right , kid . bring it on . but when you be old enough for the world to disappoint you , I hope you will not blame you old man for bring you into this mess . give I that at least . fade to black white - 9 - 7-8 12. 16 int . bedroom - dawn 16 Nick and kell asleep . she 's no longer pregnant -- it 's now ten year later . a long beat of quiet ... a small face peer in from the hallway . emma , they 10 year - old daughter . she dart in , put she face to Nick 's . emma ( whisper ) dad ? nick huh ? wha --? emma you know what it be ? nick what ? emma ( holler ) it's my birthdaaaaay ! she jump up on the bed , bounce up and down and dance around , holler at the top of she lung : emma it be my birthday , it's my birthday , it's my birthday ! Nick and kell be too groggy to do anything but ride it out . Emma sail off the bed and vanish out the door , holler all the way up the hallway : emma i'm so cool it's my birthdaaay ! Nick and kell be leave grop with blanket , heart rate , and consciousness : kell glad it 's once a year . 17 int . kitchen / breakfast area - morning 17 Nick and Emma finish breakfast , get ready to leave , kell pack Emma 's lunch at the counter : emma why can not you be here ? nick it 's a work thing . grownup stuff . you know that happen sometimes . blue - 9-19-08 13. emma but it 's ... ( draw sneakily close ) ... my birthdaaaaay ! he clap he hand over she mouth . nick I believe we have establish that . I let go , you will stop remind I ? ( she nod , he let go ) we will celebrate this weekend . tonight be all about you friend . knock * yourselves out , do not give mom any * grief . I will try to be home in time to tuck you in , okay ? emma okay . but what be you do tonight that be more important than ... she 's do that " sneakily draw close " thing again . Nick hold up he finger , caution she to say it quietly . emma ( lean in , whisper ) ... my birthdaaaaay . kell something he would get out of if he could . here . take lunch . grab * backpack . we go . * Emma grab she stuff , kiss dad , race from the room . kell grab she key to follow , kiss Nick goodbye . nick Nice evasion . thanks . 18 ext . rural road - dusk 18 Cars be travel a old service road ... 19 int . town car - dusk 19 Nick 's in back with cantrell . the year have leave cantrell 90 % blind ; he glass be beyond Coke bottle -thick . blue - 9-19-08 14 . between they sit betsy the german shepherd , now ten year old , wear a guide - dog harness . she look miserable wear a big cone - shape post - surgery collar . nick how long she have to wear this stupid thing ? cantrell till the stitches heal . week or two . Nick dote on the dog , they be old pal : nick poor honey . suck , do not it ? but you be very pretty . yes , you be . even with a radar dish on you head . sarah there they be . like clockwork . angle shift to Sarah -- much more confident and power-suited than last time we see she -- riding up front with the driver . 19a ext . aerial establishing - GEORGE hill prison - late day 19a * the car pull up to the gate as camera rise to reveal the * new facility position right next to the old one ... * 20 int . execution chamber - night 20 the condemn , rupert AMES , be place against the upright execution table and buckle in . the table be tilt back to vertical . all rupert can do be lay there and watch , as : medical tech swab he arm with alcohol , prepare the needle , find he vein . the needle be insert , tape off . the i.v. line be attach . very methodical . the tech leave the room . the curtain be draw aside , revealing the big window that separate the chamber from : blue - 9-19-08 15 . 21 int . viewing room - night 21 Nick and he colleague be among several dozen witness seat in chair . they watch as warden iger face rupert . warden iger rupert Ames . do you have anything to say ? rupert do not have much of a iq and he 's scared shitless , but he do he best : rupert I be here . clarence darby be not . and that be not right . ' Cause that man be evil , be not no other way to say it . all they thing he do , and he turn witness against I for it . he pause , try to untangle he thought . rupert I do wrong too . I guess I will pay up . but it be always he sayin ' jump and how high , and I just go along . now he 's killin ' I and he get you people to do it . and that 's a shame . a goddamn shame . and ... ( pause ) ... and I guess that 's all . Nick trade a look with Sarah . cantrell be stoic . warden iger nod to two guard man the lethal injection machine , on which EIGHT oversize glass cylinder in a vertical row be the main feature , fill with various clear liquid . there be two switch -- one a dummy , the other live ( no way to know which be which ) . the guard power up the machine . light activate on the board . each man grab a switch , wait . Nick watch the wall clock . it hit 7 o'clock . the warden * nod and the guard flick they switch , quickly leave the * room . the warden follow they out , close the door . we hear the pump quietly activate . rupert be take shallow breath , terrify ... then lay back to wait . plunger one slowly descend , empty its content into the i.v. line ... rupert sag as the fast-act barbiturate spread through he vein ... he breathe slow ... he head drop back ... he lose consciousness ... plunger two depress , send the second vial of liquid into the i.v. line with a quiet whir of pump ... blue - 9-19-08 16 . plunger three activate ... then plunger four ... the row of cylinder empty in sequence ... rupert lie unconscious , just drift away ... he suddenly come to . he draw in a long , shaky breath . it catch in he throat . his eye go wide . his entire body start to clench against some increase pain . Nick be surprised , uncertain . betsy start growling softly at * cantrell 's side . her head come up , hackles rise . * Nick glance to the dog ... then to iger , see the stunne look on the warden 's face . something be definitely wrong . the pump keep whirring , the plunger keep descend ... rupert he throw he head back , mouth wide ... rupert ah ...ah ... ah ! the witness go tense , confuse -- what the hell ? rupert ah-- ah -- Jesus , do not that hurt ! rupert look down at he arm , he expression turn to sheer horror , because : the vein be turn angry red , then blacken , as the liquid course through they ... rupert oh fuck , oh fuck , that huuuUrt ! that be last coherent word he speak . from then on , he 's just shriek and bounce against he strap , because : his vein be start to smoke . noxious and foul . the flesh start give away , blood eat though skin like acid . shock sweep the onlooker : sarah oh , Jesus . cantrell what 's go on ? Nick ? people be on they foot . horror and incomprehension . cantrell Nick , goddamn it , what ? nick I do not know ! rupert be fast become a horror : blue - 9-19-08 17 . it 's go down he arm and leg , up he neck , infuse he ear -- a nauseate discoloration course through he body , use he vein as a road map , go from red to yellow to black like bruise birthing spontaneously before we eye ... people in the room scream , turn away . Nick push he way to the view glass , shouting at the tech : nick what the fuck' go on ? do something ! the tech dash into the chamber -- but be instantly gag * and choke on the toxic fume billow from rupert . they * retreat cough , pull the door shut again . * rupert 's scream spew forth toxic fume ... breath blow smoke from he nostril ... eye liquefy ... he 's arching against he restraint so hard that bone begin snap , blood spew and smoking through he skin ... all Nick can do be stand at the glass in horror as whatever be happen run its course and the victim collapse in a cloudy , toxic haze ... 22 ext . prison yard - parking area - night 22 drain and wait : Nick sit against the town car . cantrell across from he with betsy at he side ( the guide dog will always be at he side in this movie , specify or not ) . emergency light be swirl all around they . a parade of people descend : detective dunnigan , Sarah , warden iger , cop , prison staff . intense : iger we be still try to sort through this thing . cantrell gentlemen , we face a terrible shitstorm of scrutiny in the day to come . we need answer . start with what we know . iger lethal injection be a series of drug give in a specific order . somebody have to have replace one or more of that ingredient with something else . ( off they look ) industrial solvent ? acid ? dunnigan let 's not guess , let forensics do its job . blue - 9-19-08 18 . cantrell * how could the chemical be switch ? we be in a goddamn prison ! * nick * I will ask because somebody have to . * be there any chance , no matter how remote , that this be a accident ? a mix - up ? weird shit happen ? a beat of awkward silence . the warden hesitate . sarah show they . the bad part . 23 int . phone junction room - night 23 * dunnigan bring we group in . electrician huddle at a array * of circuit and trunk line . in the dance flashlight beam : * dunnigan * some kind of bypass on the phone * line . Nick see a circuit - board splice into the wiring . dunnigan * twenty minute before the execution , * the prison stop receive income call and email . cell service go * dark too . signal be probably jamme . sarah * the bad part . I be just on with the Governor 's office . he commute rupert Ames ' sentence . they be try to call we to stop the execution . they could not get through . Nick and cantrell be stunne as this sink in . dunnigan the Governor 's income number trigger this device and shut out any further call . cantrell remove he glass , rub he eye . softly : cantrell oh , fuck I . fuck I . blue - 9-19-08 19 . dunnigan * one more thing . * dunnigan aim he maglight and swing the junction box cover all the way open . scrawle on the inside of the door in red be the word : " he tongue will wag in hell . " dunnigan this mean anything to you ? * camera push in on Nick ... 24 ext . prison yard - parking area - night 24 Nick 's laptop sit on a unmark car , stream the d.a.' database by wireless . Nick tap the key , as : nick clarence darby . that 's what he say when he agree to testify against the man we execute tonight . dunnigan " his tongue will wag in hell . " that very word ? it be ten year ago . sarah I remember it too . some thing stick in you head . nick check the court transcript , they be public record . darby' mugshot ( ten year ago ) scan up , along with pertinent * info of that time . garza , dunnigan 's partner , peer at it . * garza * I know this prick . I be pretty sure * he 's one of we c.i.s . surprise look be trade . dunnigan you think , or you know ? blue - 9-19-08 20 . garza that 's not the name he use now . * but I be pretty sure he 's one of bernstein 's informant . dunnigan okay , raise bernstein , I want everything he 's get , include a address . we roll with tactical . nick how about I ride-along ? give you a fast , accurate id on this guy ? cantrell be that necessary ? nick you say yourself we should move fast . this thing will be all over the morning news cycle . we would all look a lot better if we have the right man in custody by then . off cantrell 's look ... 25 ext . bridge / cityscape - night 25 aerial shot : angling down to find a convoy of police vehicle speed across a bridge . 26 int . unmarked car ( moving ) - night 26 garza drive . dunnigan riding shotgun . Nick in back , put * on a tactical vest . a transmission come over the car 's * dashboard computer : a murky nighttime shot of a man in * sunglass and Hawaiian shirt . * garza that 's he . " Wayne dunlap . " dunnigan be that clarence darby ? nick I think so . hard to tell . dunnigan scroll the classified police data pertain to the informant : date , number of conviction attribute ... blue - 9-19-08 21 . dunnigan Jesus , look at this . no wonder bernstein love he . garza we score a lot of good intel off this fuckhead through the year . almost a shame to bag the guy . a snort from Nick . the cop glance back . nick a shame ? garza he 's help we put a lot of bad people behind bar . look. arrest , conviction ... nick I can read a c.i. profile . what I see be a asshole dirty up to he ear in the drug trade . so you cop look the other way ? he get a free pass as long as he keep feed you conviction ? dunnigan be not that what you do ten year ago ? give this guy a free pass in return for a conviction ? ( off Nick 's look ) maybe we play this asshole to we advantage on the street , but you be the one who put he there . so , no offense , but you might wanna go fuck yourself a little . Nick stare at the man on the dashboard computer screen ... 27 int . clarence darby' house - night 27 * ... who be indeed clarence darby , naked and drench with sweat , * take a hit off a crack pipe . a woman 's hand flail up into frame , try to grab for it . darby wait ... wait ... he suck in a full breath , hand the pipe off to : lisa , the thin tattooe skank he 's get bent over he bed and be fuck from behind . she flare the bowl with a lighter , barely register any reaction as he keep pump she . blue - 9-19-08 22. darby almost . almost . lisa this shit make you soft , baby . darby ( thrust , grimace ) thank you ... for state the obvious ... you ... bitch ... he grit he tooth . scream . finishes . he sag , catch he breath , and glance at the plasma tv screen , which have be play silently . he grab the remote , unmute the set : newscaster ( v.o . ) * ... rumor the execution do not go well due to technical flaw , but that have yet to be confirm ... darby " do not go well . " Way to go , rupert . you even fuck up die . lisa you know that guy ? darby knew . past tense . cell phone ring , he answer . voice Wayne ? darby depend . who 's this ? voice somebody who do not want to see you in jail . look out you window . ( darby hesitates ) argue later . do it now . darby go to the window . headlights in the distance . lot of they . he grab binocular off the sill . binocular Pov : vehicle all cop . Racing this way . no light , no siren . darby lower the binocular , stunne . blue - 9-19-08 23 . voice there 's a world of shit come you way . I would get out the back . now . click -- line dead . darby freeze for a moment , look around at all the drug and paraphernalia . he scramble , toss on he pants , grab he shirt . Lisa jump off the bed -- lisa what ? she go to the window , see car sweeping from the darkness . lisa be that fuck cop ? darby lunge to a bookcase , grab a revolver from behind the * book , sail out the bedroom door ... 28 int . downstair - night 28 ... and race down the step with Lisa at he heel . lisa you be not leave I here ! she catch he halfway across the room , hold he back . he smashes the gun into she face repeatedly ... darby off'a I ! ... and knock she bleed and cry to the floor . he sail on through the kitchen , leave she there ... 29 ext . darby' house - night 29 ... and burst through the screen door , flee barefoot across the back yard as vehicle and cop swarm the front of the house . a cruiser nail he with a spotlight : cop voice ( over car speaker ) you ! freeze right there ! darby , never slow , swing he arm around , firing he revolver blindly at all the light ... 30 ext . front yard - night 30 ... whoa , fuck , gunshot ! cop scramble and dive . Nick have just get out of dunnigan 's car -- a cruiser 's window take a blind hit nearby , explode glass . Nick duck , total shock , * out of he element . drawing , dunnigan throw he to the ground . * dunnigan stay down ! blue - 9-19-08 24 . 31 ext . bad neighborhood - night 31 darby run like a amp - up rat in a maze , hearing cop car in the night : engine roaring , tire squealing ... suddenly , the SOUND of a helicopter above . darby dash for cover against a garage , lose in shadow . a massively bright searchlight sweep from above , probing ... darby crouch , heart hammer , watch the searchlight scan over rooftop . his phone ring , he answer : voice Ditch the gun . wipe the print . darby kiss my ass . voice I hear six shot . revolver ? bring extra ammo ? darby glance at the gun , realize . he bang he head back against the garage wall in frustration -- fuck ! voice you shot at cop . that 's attempt murder if they find the gun on you . you be in deep enough without that . darby frantically wipe the gun with he shirttail , as : voice you will need my help get out . darby what will it cost I ? voice we will discuss term later . go south , across 10th . past the El track . alley behind the clinic . darby what 's there ? voice a cop . take he ride , he will not give * you any trouble . darby how do you know ? voice ' Cause I taser he ass . you gonna keep ask question ? blue - 9-19-08 25 . click -- line dead . darby break cover , heave the gun into somebody 's yard , keep move ... 32 ext . darby' house - night 32 chaotic with cop and light . Lisa be drag out , shriek and bleed , she face a break mess . angle to Nick watch it all unfold . he see dunnigan approach : dunnigan no way he 's get out of this neighborhood . 33 ext . alley - night 33 darby find a police cruiser park in the moonlight , window down . Dark inside . a local cop be sprawle across the front seat ... groan , come to . darby jump in , passenger side , wrestle the cop upright . he yank the cop 's service revolver , slapping he awake . darby drive . darby reach over and key the engine to life . darby drive , fucker ! I will put you brain on the dash ! cop ( disorient ) do not shoot ! do not hurt I , okay ? darby depend on you . go. the cop hit the gas . tense moment go by as they accelerate up a dark road . darby duck as cop car stream past . 34 ext . darby' house - night 34 dunnigan and Nick tense , hearing a voice over the radio : cop voice ( heavily filter ) ... air unit three ... see no sign of suspect ... think we lose he ... dunnigan ( key mic ) keep sweeping the area , unit three . ( to tactical Commander ) go house - to-house . check everything . * garage , dumpster , storm drain ... * blue - 9-19-08 25a . nick * you gotta be kid I . * dunnigan -- angry , at a loss -- do not reply . cop be * scramble in all direction . * Nick turn , step toward camera into a tight shot , gaze off * into the darkness . something very weird just happen here , * but he have no idea what . softly : * nick * how could we lose he ? * blue - 9-19-08 26 . 35 ext . industrial zone - night 35 tracks and factory , remote and desert . Far away , the police copter be still buzzing , search ... the police cruiser appear , stop . darby emerge with gun and * flashlight levele , motion for the cop to get out . the cop * comply with hand raise , shaking . darby in the ditch . cop ... please ... do not kill I ... darby knee . let 's go . darby shove he stumbling into the ditch . the cop sink to he knee and start to weep . cop I will never see my wife and little girl again . I will never see they . darby it 's fuck up . darby step closer , draw the hammer back , take aim for a head shot ... but he phone ring . he pull it fast . darby this my guardian angel ? ( beat ) hello ? on he knee in the muck , the cop 's quiet weep become soft laughter . he bring up a cell phone , speak into it : cop I see you get out okay . darby draw back , confuse , gun still aim . the cop snap he cell phone shut , rise to face he . cop you know why I will never see my wife and daughter again ? he take he hat off , peel he moustache away . darby pin he with the flashlight , finally and fully revealing : benson clyde you take they from I . recognition flood darby . he pull the trigger , and : blue - 9-19-08 27 . nothing . just a click , darby freezing , a hiss of pain . not comprehend . * clyde reach for the gun , pries open darby 's finger , pull it from he grasp ... revealing the tiny needle that spring from the pistol 's grip into darby 's palm . darby stare at he perforate palm . his knee give out and clyde catch he , ease he to the ground . * 36 omitted 36 * thru thru 38 38 39 int . farm shed - night 39 * angle : a head encase in a hood . the hood be pull off , revealing darby -- eye wide , lie on a rough table . benson clyde lean over he , check he pupil . clyde can not speak ? he display the prop gun rig with the needle . clyde tetrototoxin . fascinating stuff . it paralyze you , but leave all other neurological function intact . white - 9 - 7-8 28 . he set the gun down , start root through some instrument that darby can not see ( though he 's strain to ) . clyde that mean you can not move . or talk . but you can see . hear. feel. ( busy himself ) that last one 's important . feel . you can feel everything . ( glance at bottled drug ) get some other item here . drug to revive you in case you pass out . stuff like that . darby almost manage to speak , thrashing weakly . clyde lean over , check he pupil again . clyde wearing off a little . no worry . he tuck a padded block under darby 's head like a pillow , raise he head so he can see better . clyde move down the table , tighten strap hold darby down . but the worst part : tourniquet be tie on darby 's arm and leg at various point . darby see they and start hyperventilate . clyde oh. this . do not want you bleed out . this will take a while . clyde put on a thick coat , like a meat-packer 's . he return , sorting implement , darby try to see . clyde oblige he , hold thing up : clyde ( plier ) teeth. ( hacksaw ) ball . ( bolt cutter ) finger . maybe toe . ( scalpel ) eyelid . in case you insist on shutting you eye . darby 's scream -- but with the tetrototoxin in he system , all that 's come out be air , like a slow leak . clyde pick up a object , unfold it -- a full - body plastic coat . he put it on over he other coat , as : clyde earlier on the phone ? I say I would get you out ? you ask I what it would cost ? well . blue - 9-19-08 29 . he finish buttone up , cross back to the table , raise a new object into view : a circular power saw . * clyde we will start with a arm and a leg . go from there . pause . the reality of what he 's about to do wash over he : * clyde I have be wait to say that line * for year . but it be not very funny , be it ? no. play much better in my head . maybe it 's my delivery . he put a construction - site face protector atop he head , the kind with a full plastic face shield that can be flip down . * he turn and undoe the slipknot of a laundry cord stretch * up to the ceiling . he feed the cord and a full - length mirror * tilt down horizontally above the table . darby find himself * stare straight up into it -- he will see everything . * angle from behind video camera the camera' lcd screen loom large in we shot . the lcd be dark , the camera inactive . it 's mount high on a tripod , aim down at the table . clyde approach b.g. , pause . clyde gosh . my heart 's beat . you ? * he flip he visor down -- dark , no face visible . he reach up , turn the camera on . the lcd screen activate . angle close in until all we see be : the lcd image . grainy in low light . clyde , now faceless behind the visor , cross to the squirming figure on the table . we hear the circular saw build to a high shriek ... fade to black ...and the shrieking saw fade ... 40 hold in black . 40 the blackness open up -- we be in a cop car 's trunk look up as the lid be open . a figure in a meat- pack coat loom over we , faceless and scary behind a dark face protector . angle into trunk * reveal officer hilt hand - cuffed and duct-tape . he 's spend * the night in here . he recoil , terrify and blind by glare . * blue - 9-19-08 29a . the figure open a wick - sharp butterfly knife , click - clack it open . he lean down , slit the tape bind hilt ' arm , drop the key in the cop 's hand . 41 ext . country dirt road - dawn 41 the police cruiser sit on a dirt road , a female dispatcher voice issue softly and incessantly from the radio : blue - 9-19-08 30 . female voice ... unit twenty one , come in ... unit twenty one , please respond ... report you location ... the mysterious figure stride from the police cruiser to a midnight blue 1965 lincoln continental in superb condition , shrugging off he thick coat . he get in , hit the gas . hilt struggle to uncuff himself in the cruiser 's trunk , * arm and leg cramping , as : * the lincoln become a cloud of dust recede in the distance ... * 42 int . nick's kitchen - morning 42* Cleaning up the aftermath of the party : Nick up on a step - stool take down the birthday banner ; kell in she robe feed the dishwasher ; Emma zoom in and out shuttling paper plate and plastic cup into a big trash bag ... emma ... and while we be sing karaoke , Ashley be all dance around and jump up and down and suddenly she get this look on she face ... kell I see it come . emma ... and suddenly she just go barf . total puke moment . and we be all like , ewwww gross ! it be so funny ... she 's out of the kitchen to grab more stuff . kell start prepare a bowl of cereal for Emma . kell funny for she . I clean it up . nick I have my " ewwww gross " moment last night too . kell hey . I have a house full of shriek ten year - old girl . nick hey . I see a guy 's vein dissolve . kell honey . it 's not a competition . ( off he look ) okay , you win . blue - 9-19-08 31 . Emma re-enter , dump more trash : emma ...so tara say that 's what you get for eat too much cake and that almost make Ashley puke again ... the doorbell ring . kell glance out the window . kell Delivery . emma ( grab she cereal ) I will get it ! she run out . Nick come off the step-stool , gratefully accept a cup of coffee from kell . he suddenly freeze , notice : the kitchen tv be play CNN : a top-of - the-hour story on the rupert Ames execution and foul -up . nick oh , shit . we have go national . 43 int . live room - day 43 at the front door , a messenger hand Emma a gift basket trail mylar balloon with " happy birthday Emma " on they . emma thank you ! she close the door , turn toward we , find a cardboard envelope on the basket -- a card ? she open it , find : not a card . a unlabel dvd . 44 ext . country dirt road - day 44 local sheriff ( not city cop ) be spread out across the * field , beat the grass , look for clue ... angle to Officer hilt , blanket - drape and still rattle by he night - long ordeal , be interview by a sergeant : sergeant ... the suspect who taser you last * night ... be it the same person who * let you out of the trunk this morning ? hilt I never see a face ... either time ... he wear a thing , a face shield ... suddenly , we hear a distant voice shouting in panic : blue - 9-19-08 32 . voice sergeant ! sergeant ! everybody 's gaze snap up , tense . across the field , a young cop be stumbling away from a distant farm shed , point : * young cop come quick ! you gotta see this ! 45 int . nick's kitchen - day 45 Nick at the table with kell , rivete to CNN : state official , include iger , be be grill in a media frenzy . cantrell be right , it 's a shitstorm of scrutiny ... 46 int . live room - day 46 Emma , munch she bowl of breakfast cereal , slot the dvd in the player . she back up , hit play with the remote . a image appear on screen , grainy . Emma look perplex . it 's not a normal dvd -- more like a bad home movie : a figure in a plastic coat and face shield turn from the camera to a table , where another man be strapped down . the first man raise a circular see . the man on the table be thrashing weakly , try to move . Emma still have no idea what she 's look at . suddenly : the man with the see make a quick sweep across the table , across the other man' leg at the shin . the move be so fast and casual that it 's take a moment to sink in : Emma stand freeze , clutching she cereal bowl . emma daddy ? b.g. , we see Nick lean back in he chair , reacting to she tone of voice ... and by what sound like a shriek see . on screen , the man with the see pick up the severe limb and show it to the victim . it 's be lopped off below the knee . Emma drop she bowl -- it shatter at she foot . Nick and kell enter behind she , confuse , not sure what they be see ... on screen , the man with the see lop off the victim 's forearm . kell oh my God ! Emma turn , throw herself into she parent ' arm . they drop to they knee , shield they sobbing daughter . push in on they stare at the shriek see ... blue - 9-19-08 33. kell what the hell be this ? Jesus Christ , Nick ! turn it off ! turn it off ! ( comforting Emma ) it 's okay , baby , I be here ... Nick lunge to turn off the tv as : from this point onward , we play the sequence as montage : 47 int . farm shed - day 47 * the door be swing open in a blaze of sunlight . the local cop enter with pistol draw and shotgun levele . face go stark with horror as they eye adjust . sergeant oh my Lord . 48 int . a renovated farmhouse somewhere - day 48 * a record be pull from a sleeve . a old - school vinyl lp . 49 int . farm shed - day 49 * cop ease in . angle swing queasily around as they enter , widening to reveal a scene of nightmare intensity : blood everywhere . streak . spatter . and body part . strewn and discard . intestine nail to the rafter overhead . 50 int . farmhouse - day 50 a record player needle drop , hit the groove with a hiss of vinyl . music start to play loudly , booming through the space . * focus remains with the spin record . a out-of -focus figure in a roll chair push away from the record player and sail across the room toward a brightly - light work table ... 51 int . farm shed - day ( song continue ) 51 * cop be cover they mouth with handkerchief , gag . the stench be incredible . fly be buzzing and swarm . one cop turn away and double over , try not to puke . the sergeant move cautiously forward , find : a head . on the wooden dissection table . clarence darby , not that you would recognize he . his eye be go . his lip be miss . his tooth ... well , most of they be scattered about . 52 int . farmhouse - day ( song continue ) 52 a miniature civil war soldier be hold in extreme magnification before we under a tabletop magnifier , the tip of a paintbrush delicately evoke stun detail ... blue - 9-19-08 34 . 53 int . nick's house - day ( song continue ) 53 Emma be still sobbing into she mother 's arm as Nick take the frame f.g. , shouting into the phone : nick my daughter be traumatize ! she 's * only ten ! it 's a goddamn snuff film ! * in my home ! * 54 int . detective's bullpen - day ( song continue ) 54 garza ( motion o.s. ) price get a video of it happen deliver to he house ... dunnigan enter frame f.g. , snatch up he extension . he listen for a few beat , try to get a word in : dunnigan yeah , we know . Nick , we know . the body 's be find . the piece , anyway . call just come in . ( beat ) in some old shed on a farm outside * the city . about a hundred and fifty acre piece of property . 55 int . nick's house - day ( song continue ) 55 nick belong to who ? 56 int . farmhouse - day ( song continue ) 56 a giant eyeball stare at we , unnaturally magnify by a tabletop magnifier . the lens be sweep aside , revealing : benson clyde . in addition to the tabletop magnifier , he 's wear magnifying lense on he head . he examine the figurine with he naked eye , then flip the glass down to continue ... 57 ext . country highway - day ( song continue ) 57 vehicle race along two - lane blacktop : cruiser , unmarked car , tactical van . a police helicopter skim along just above they at scary - low altitude ... the car veer off pavement and up a dirt road , kick up a awesome trail of dust as the copter sweep wide , pace ... 58 int . car - day ( song continue ) 58 tense face : dunnigan , garza , Nick . white - 9 - 7-8 35 . 59 int . farmhouse - day ( song continue ) 59 clyde pause , hearing a rumble under the music . glance up as the rumble pass overhead -- a helicopter ? he click on a tiny fan , hold the figurine under it , give it a final dry . 60 ext . farmhouse - day ( song continue ) 60 a shitstorm descend : vehicle swerving in , cop jump out , machine gun- tote swat tactical troops pour from van ... 61 int . farmhouse - day ( song continue ) 61 clyde , still hold the figurine under the whirring fan , lean to one side in he chair , glance out the window . he glimpsis scurrying figure behind car , cop darting and surround the house , motion with hand signal ... he hold up the figurine for a final look . satisfied with it , he place it onto : a chessboard -- the last piece . all the other be also hand - paint , gorgeous . Real craftsmanship here . he stand . calmly move to the middle of the room . kick off he shoe . peel off he shirt and undershirt . even take off he pants . there will be no confusion about hide weapon . he position himself , very precise and purposeful . lift he hand high above he head . present himself . wait . then , bam : door explode in and window shatter as the swat tactical troops storm the room , bad - ass in black , machine gun aim , encircle he , everybody shouting : swat troops do not move --freeze motherfucker -- don't even twitch -- we will FIRE upon you -- let' see that hand -- clyde be the calm eye of a piss - off storm of highly professional cop with itchy trigger finger . he remain serene , look around at they , hand raise high ... swat captain on the floor ! face down ! do it now ! he compliantly go to he knee , then prone , offer he hand behind he back . they move in , cuff he , as troops spread throughout the house yell " clear ! " 62 ext . farmhouse - day 62 Nick , wear he kevlar , follow dunnigan and garza . Nick glance over and see a perfect 1965 midnight - blue lincoln Continental in the carport ... blue - 9-19-08 36 . 63 int . farmhouse - day 63 clyde be pull to he foot just as Nick enter . uniform spread out , secure the house . dunnigan face clyde ... dunnigan benson clyde . you have the right to remain silent ... ... as the full miranda be read , Nick and clyde have they eye lock throughout -- this moment be all about they ... dunnigan ... understand you rights as I have explain they ? clyde yes . clyde be hustle outside , leave Nick with dunnigan and garza in the farmhouse -- it 's renovate , clean , very loft-like . Nick drift to the table , see the chess board , can not help admire the piece . then he eye go to a floor - to-ceil bookcase . he 's stunne to realize : they be all law book . garza ( o.s. ) check this shit out . Nick turn , move to garza 's side . dunnigan join they . all three stare at a wall . angle shift around to reveal : the long - ago photo ( clipped from a newspaper ) of Nick and clarence darby shaking hand on the courthouse step . angle widen to reveal : photo after photo . the crime scene photo ... photo of clyde and he family in happier time ... photo clipped from magazine and newspaper about the murder and trial ... all very neatly and precisely array . the entire wall cover with they . the music keep booming from the record player . dunnigan turn * tight to camera and yell : dunnigan can somebody turn that fucking music off , please ? 64 int . police interrogation room - day 64 clyde sit alone and isolate in a small room . widen to reveal Sarah at the observation glass . she turn as Nick step up . sarah he say he will only talk to you . white - 9 - 7-8 37 . Nick and dunnigan prepare to go in . dunnigan take off he gun and holster , lay they on a table , as garza activate the video . cantrell find a chair by feel , sit down , as : inner room Nick and dunnigan enter . dunnigan melt into a corner to observe as Nick sit across the table from clyde . clyde counselor . nick Mr. clyde . clyde why so formal ? we go way back . call I benson . or ben. Nick sit across the table from clyde , settles in . nick well . I be here . so ? clyde so. maybe you can explain what this be all about . Nick almost laugh -- not what he expect to hear . nick I think that 's obvious . clyde spread he hand questioningly -- not really . dunnigan you murder two people . rupert Ames and clarence darby . clyde ( shift he gaze ) detective ...? dunnigan dunnigan . clyde dunnigan . I think I would make it clear I would only speak to the gentleman across the table from I . dunnigan glower at he , look to Nick . nick you murder two people . rupert Ames and clarence darby . blue - 9-19-08 38 . clyde darby ? I know about Ames , of course . I have be follow the news about he horribly botch execution . but darby too ? quite a coincidence . dunnigan cut the shit . we know you do it . save everybody a lot of time and trouble and just confess . clyde be you go to continue to insist on be part of this conversation ? dunnigan yes . clyde ( beat , give in ) Fine . Far be it from I to be rude . nick clarence darby be find on you property . Old abandon shed ? * clyde I do not know I have one . it 's 150 acre , uncultivate . the other day I find a creek I never know I have . hunters trespass all the time . you go to try to pin the dead deer on I too ? observation area sarah I do not believe this guy . cantrell that man be frosty . inner room * clyde it occur to I that a even moderately clever person could try to frame I for the murder simply by kill he on my property . one of darby 's drug rival ? that 's a unsavory world . ( off Nick 's stare ) a jury would have to weigh that possibility . what else you get ? blue - 9-19-08 39 . nick ( temper flaring ) how about video of you dismember darby while he be still alive ? clyde that 's odd . see , if I be to do such a thing , I would probably wear something so I could not be identify . some kind of mask maybe . but you say it 's actually I on the video ? do the camera capture my good side ? * Nick snap , lunge across the table , grab clyde . nick you sick fuck , you send it to my house ! my daughter see that video ! it fuck traumatize she ! she could not stop sobbing ! dunnigan move in fast , try to pull Nick off ( but fail ) : dunnigan whoa -whoa , Nick , ease off ! clyde no trouble here , detective , we be fine . thank you , though . dunnigan back off . clyde turn back to Nick , who 's still get he in he grasp , they face close . clyde you daughter be , what , ten now ? that 's a wonderful age . my daughter be always so busy at that age , so interested , so into everything . jumping around . I call she " bean , " she jump around so much . Nick be ease off by inch , subtly and ineffably weird - out , unable to break clyde 's gaze . softly : clyde I be sorry , Nick , that you daughter experience that . you be right . that video should not have arrive that way . the person who send it should have think twice . dunnigan move in again , gently but firmly pull Nick away . dunnigan okay , enough . white - 9 - 7-8 40 . clyde unless there 's hard evidence tie I to this crime -- forensic or otherwise -- why be I here ? why be we have this conversation ? nick we know you do it . clyde it 's not about what you know . it 's about what you can prove in court . ( off Nick 's look ) you word . like when you call it a justice system . you know the thing about a system , Nick ? any system can be play . nick you think you can play we ? you gonna take I on ? clyde clarence darby do . and I be much smarter than he be . or you . Nick advance , furious , hold back by dunnigan : nick I be gonna bury you , fucker ! clyde ( lunge to he foot ) that 's it , that 's what I want ! that fire in the belly ! that 's what I want ten year ago ! do it , Nick ! bury I ! dunnigan ( shouting at clyde ) sit down ! sit the fuck down ! clyde do , settles in , speak calmly : clyde or. set I free . nick what ? clyde do I stutter ? make you case . or. shake my hand on the courthouse step and send I on my way . ( off Nick 's look ) I will even make it easy on you . I will confess , how 's that ? blue - 9-19-08 41 . nick you be gonna confess . clyde let 's start tomorrow after a good night 's sleep . we will all be fresh and rest . 65 ext . CITY hall courtyard - day 65 Nick pace agitate , with the group : * sarah * ten year he 's be plan this ? * patient people make I nervous . this ? this freak I out . * dunnigan * be he serious about confess ? * what 's he deal , be he crazy ? nick confession or not , we be gonna nail he on two count of first - degree . cantrell agreed , but softly . nothing hard - ass , no grand-stand . kid glove . nick kid glove ? he 's a psycho with a power see . cantrell depend on who 's write the headline , he 's a grieve husband and father who get revenge on the man who murder he wife and child . ( off Nick 's look ) Public sympathy be to be respected and fear . this could blow up in we face if we be not careful . we can not look like we be piss off or have a ax to grind . ( stop ) be we piss off ? do we have a ax to grind ? nick no . blue - 9-19-08 42. cantrell then stop act like it . beat . Nick take a deep breath . nick okay . he get under my skin a little . that 's do . 66 ext . CITY hall - day 66 steadicam two silhouettes : we be follow Nick and Sarah through one of the pedestrian tunnel to the street : nick ... background check 's gotta be thorough , I want to know everything there be to know about this son of a bitch . get all the adas on it , tell them I better not see they sit around on they ass or texting they pal ... sarah how about outside help ? that p.i. who help we on the jacovitz case ? nick yeah , he be good . and hanson 's * always reliable . but try to limit they hour , okay ? we find a mercede at the curb -- kell at the wheel , Emma in back . Nick get in . Sarah lean down , happy to see they . Emma 's face light up -- the little girl obviously adore she . kell well , hello there beauty ! sarah hey kell ! hey Emma , how 's my dynamo ? emma hi , Sarah ! kell we have not see you in so long it 's ridiculous . when be you gonna come by for a visit ? sarah who need a life , right ? talk to you husband , maybe he will give we a day off one of this year . kell soon , huh ? seriously , we miss you . blue - 9-19-08 43. Sarah blow Emma a big extravagant kiss . Emma return it , wave as they pull away . Nick and kell glance back , happy to see they daughter act a bit more like she old self ... 67 int . nick's house - night 67 late . Nick , in t-shirt and pajama bottom , come up a dark hallway with a file in he hand , rub he eye . he come to he daughter 's bedroom door , quietly turn the knob ... emma's bedroom ... and find the bed empty . sheet throw back . Nick stand for a moment , every irrational fear he 's ever have wash over he . camera follows he fast down the hallway ... ... into the master bedroom , where he find Emma sleep with kell . he stand for a moment , heart hammer . softly : nick fuck . kell stir , see he , put a finger to she lip . in whisper : nick I see she bed empty . scare the shit out of I . do not know why . kell she have a bad dream . she want to sleep with we tonight . nick ( feel he heart race ) Jesus . emma ( stir ) daddy ...? he climb onto the bed , cuddle up , Emma between they . emma I have a nightmare . that man . * nick I know . shhh . we be all good . you be safe . nobody 's gonna hurt you . kell especially not that man . daddy 's gonna put he in jail forever . that 's what daddy do . he make sure the bad people stay lock away . Nick lay there , listen ... blue - 9-19-08 44 . 68 omitted 68 * 69 int . " the dome " - day 69 * a huge dome chamber . in the center of the floor stand a smaller free-stand dome cage , like a bizarre birdcage . Inside the birdcage : Nick and garza wait . garza man a camera . outside the birdcage : observer . some ( cantrell and Sarah ) occupy floor - level , where the video monitor be . other ( iger and dunnigan ) be on a catwalk above that encircle the room . a door open and clyde be bring into the birdcage . he gaze around , check he surroundings . clyde I admit I expect something more modern . that jail downtown ? * nick fill to capacity . it have be for year . they have to re-open this for the overflow . part of it anyway . * garza welcome to the county jail annex . * all new inmate come here . it be * in the papers . clyde right . prison crowd . it 's a problem . he sit . Nick join he , pull out a legal pad . nick for the record : you have waive legal counsel . you have offer to confess to the murder of clarence darby and rupert Ames . yes ? clyde we will get to that . first , what I would really like to talk about be the cot in my cell . it 's lumpy . ( off Nick 's stare ) hardly any pad ? steel spring ? very uncomfortable ? blue - 9-19-08 45 . nick I know what lumpy mean . sorry to hear it . but we be not here to talk about prison condition , we be here to talk about thing you have do . clyde start with thing I have not do . like get any sleep last night . ( beat , lean forward ) I say let 's begin today fresh and * rest . you recall my word ? * nick * what do you want from I ? clyde a bed in my cell . nick a bed . in you cell . clyde yes , please . one of that sleep- matic adjustable . that be best . * nick you want the variable temperature control too ? clyde that would be nice . beat . Nick toss he legal pad on the table , swivel around in he chair to the observer up on the catwalk , spread he arm in a " help I " gesture . nick anybody ? dunnigan it 's a steel cot ! it 's bolt to * the wall ! * blue - 9-19-08 46 . clyde I be sure they have a wrench . * iger we also have rule prohibit * personal item such as bed . * clyde ( look to Nick ) let I get this straight . you be go to let a bed prevent this confession from take place . nick you look to deal ? all right , how 's this ? how about I do not kick you fuck tooth down you throat ? clyde be mildly take aback . the cop tense up . cantrell Nick . nick sorry , jonas . okay , kid glove . ( to clyde ) my daughter sleep in we bed last night . she have not do that since she be six . you give she nightmare . so excuse I if I do not feel like cut any little deal today . clyde my daughter can not have nightmare , because she die with clarence * darby 's breath in she face . you * give he a reduce sentence and he * freedom . all I want be a good night 's sleep . 70 ext . prison courtyard - day 70 everybody 's wound up , talk fast : nick this be bullshit . he 's jerk we chain big-time ... cantrell I can justify the expense . * iger it 's not just a bed . every inmate * here will be on the phone to they * lawyer filing lawsuit for equal treatment . can you justify that ? * blue - 9-19-08 47 . sarah * ( offer ) we give he a bed , he confess , we * take the bed away . at most it 's one * night . * cantrell weigh it , decide : cantrell we be talk a high - profile double homicide . order the bed . 71 int . cellblock - clyde' cell - day 71 clyde watch as maintenance men remove the unbolt cot from the cell and he sleep - matic be roll in . convict watch , dumbfounded . clyde 's cellmate , a tower Aryan brother name dwight dixon , stand quietly amaze ... clyde ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) switch the drug be easy ... 72 int . " the dome " - day 72 back in the birdcage : clyde I hack the fedex database , divert the package to I , make the switch , send the package on . it 's automated tracking number move million of package daily . nobody 's question who receive what , or why . nick and the prison phone ? clyde get a phone company uniform , hack the prison database , schedule a official visit . they will wave you through the gate , like they do I . it 's simple if you know how thing work . ( off Nick 's look ) it 's a system . you learn how it work . you play it . any system . blue - 9-19-08 48. nick ( beat ) I see he die . that stuff burn he vein . he suffer terribly . clyde score . Nick flip to a new page on he pad . nick let 's move on to clarence darby . clyde ( sit back ) * hey , you like music ? nick ( hesitates ) * very much . why ? * clyde I could tell . I love music . all of * it . it 's like air in my lung . so the thing about clarence darby be , I want my record collection and player bring to I . the vinyl disc as well as CD . reaction all around the room . iger lean forward : iger vinyl record and CD can be break into shard . they make excellent weapon . my answer to that one , Mr. clyde , be not no , but hell no . * clyde absorb that , look to Nick , as : nick it 's a legitimate concern . clyde ( beat , call to iger ) how about my ipod and speaker dock ? 73 int . cellblock - clyde' cell - day 73 a ipod and speaker dock now occupy a small plywood shelf attach to the railing outside clyde 's cell . a guard plug it in via a long orange extension cord . angle widen to iger , who turn to the bar and hand a remote control through to clyde . dixon 's watch balefully , as be every inmate on the cellblock . white - 9 - 7-8 49 . iger the player stay out here . you hand the remote to the on-duty guard every night at light out . that term be not negotiable . clyde I appreciate you compromise . iger draw close to the bar . quietly : iger you look to get you ass kick ? ( off clyde 's look ) by every inmate on this cellblock . you keep this up , they will take it out on you . harshly . clyde glance back to dwight . dwight 's watch , glower , agreement in he silence . clyde turn back to iger . iger just try to keep you alive in here . that 's all . iger walk away . clyde aim the remote . music start playing . he lean he head on the bar , listen , bliss . con all over the cellblock be stare dagger at he . clyde ( o.s. ) ( pre-lap ) I take he finger with a bolt cutter . his toe with a pair of tin snip . his ball with a hacksaw ... 74 int . " the dome " - day 74 clyde ...his penis with a box cutter . his skin with a filet knife . his tooth with plier . his eye ... for that I use my finger . ( look to Nick ) check the video I make . all that will match up . I keep he alive for a hour , give or take . time it . Nick trade look with the other in the room -- everybody have what they need ? people nod . nick close he pad . clyde what now ? nick my office type it up , you sign . blue - 9-19-08 50 . Nick rise , put thing in he briefcase . people get ready to leave -- but clyde motion garza to keep it roll . clyde how about a signing bonus ? the small concession you have make so far have keep my cooperation flow ... why not give I a reward for signing ? nick you do not want to sign , do not sign . we have get you on videotape , we will go to trial . in ten year , when you appeal be exhaust , I will attend you execution . I will make sure nobody tamper with the drug . clyde do not be such a hard - ass , Nick . I do not want much . just a good meal . ( direct at iger ) the food here ? suck . no offense . dunnigan glance at Nick and stifles a smile , enjoy where this be go in spite of himself : dunnigan what do you have in mind ? clyde there 's a place in town on Halston . La traviata . ever be ? * dunnigan it 's a little above my pay grade . clyde you know it , do not you , Nick ? * nick I have eat there . so ? * clyde they cater . tonight , at 7 p.m. , I * would like my meal deliver to my cell from La traviata . with nice silverware , crisp linen ... nick not gonna happen . clyde why not ? blue - 9-19-08 51 . nick because I have no interest in make it happen . and you have nothing leave to bargain with . clyde c'mon , Nick . we have just start bargain . you have not even hear what I be offer yet . this make people pause . something in the tone of he voice . clyde miss lowell ? be you laptop still on ? would you please do a search ? she flip the laptop open , dread mount even though she 's not sure why , poise she finger over the key . clyde William ... baxter ... reynold . cantrell 's quietly stunne as the name sink in . pin-drop silence now . laptop key clacking softly . people freeze . dunnigan who 's William reynold ? cantrell clarence darby 's defense attorney . he broker the testimony deal with we ten year ago . he 's be miss now since ... clyde March of ' 06 . Sarah spin the laptop -- a photo of reynold , a story of he disappearance . * clyde detective dunnigan and garza will like this offer , Nick . it will clear one of they department 's miss - person file . and it will solve they they third homicide this week . nick tell I . clyde how do you think I locate clarence darby after he get out of jail and legally change he name ? reynold tell I -- though it take some * convincing . * blue - 9-19-08 52 . push in on clyde in the freeze silence ... clyde you want the location of the body ? tonight , 7 p.m. , I get my meal * deliver to my cell from La traviata . 75 omitted 75 * 76 ext . rooftop helipad - federal build - day 76 * a helicopter throttles up , everything move fast : a FBI field team , lead by agent SAM davie , emerge from a staircase door onto the roof , where they be meet by Nick and dunnigan . Davies don he kevlar vest on the move toward the wait copter , everybody shout over the rotor : dunnigan special agent SAM davie , nick price with the d.a.' office ! davie nick ! tell I about this body ! nick suspect say new jersey ! across the state line ! that make it federal , that make it you ! davie ( to another fed ) get the camden office to have a ground team meet US ! ( to dunnigan ) location ? dunnigan suspect will give US a gps MARK ! we'll advise you in the AIR ! blue - 9-19-08 53. they get to the helicopter , fed load in as Nick pull a business card , hand it to Davies . nick i'll be in my office ! please call I ! we got a lot of people holding there breath on this ! davie will do ! Davies get in , signal the pilot . the copter take to the air , buffete Nick and dunnigan ... 77 int . clyde' cell - day 77 tight on clyde . he look up , speak slowly and clearly : clyde gps position be as follow ... 78 ext . aerial shot - day 78 FBI helicopter thundering over the city ... voice on radio * ... delta niner foxtrot ... gps * coordinate follow ... * the helicopter veer , bank into a steep turn ... 79 int . d.a. be office - day 79 Nick enter , move through the bullpen . adas ( assistant district attorney ) be work and grimly focus . Nick poke he head into Sarah 's office . she look up . nick what do we have so far ? * 80 ext . prison - day 80 a high -end delivery van bear the logo of La traviata be wave through the gate into the delivery entrance ... sarah ( v.o . ) * he 's get no next -of-kin . no family * since he wife and daughter be * kill ... 81 ext . aerial shot - day 81 the FBI helicopter thunder over beautiful green hill ... sarah ( v.o. ) he 's a tinkerer . Little invention * and gizmo ... blue - 9-19-08 54 . 82 int . nick's office - day 82 Nick gaze out the window , cantrell seat with he dog , Sarah read the report thus far : sarah ... he hold two dozen patent that have make he a lot of money the last ten year . he 's invest a lot of it in real estate . weird stuff . cantrell weird how ? sarah properties with no real value . around * airport , chemical plant . stuff * nobody want ... 83 int . cellblock - day 83 a convict come to he bar , peer out ... * convict * motherfucker ... ... because here come the roll La traviata cart -- gleam dome keep food warm , silver utensil , crisp linen , a rose in a bud vase . a red-jackete LA traviata waiter be push the cart , accompany by guard and warden iger . more con appear at they bar , face peer , a angry grumble grow in the cellblock as the cart go by . the waiter 's look around , nervous ... sarah ( v.o. ) he vote . he give money to charity , mostly victim 's fund ... 84 int . office - day 84 sarah ... but he also give a big chunk to macular research . cantrell ( look up ) he donate to eye research ? sarah rpi . that 's the charity you work with , be not it ? cantrell huh . strange . blue - 9-19-08 55 . 85 int . cell - day 85 the waiter , hemmed by guard , nervously read the order : waiter ...consomm...sea bass ...squab ... * New York strip , rare ... a variety of * pate ... clyde Rack of lamb ? waiter ...oh , yes , rack of lamb ... 86 ext . new jersey hilltop - day 86 the helicopter roar in , land . Davies and he man jump out . a FBI ground team be wait for they . a camden field agent run up and point at the ground , shouting : field agent we think we've got a cairn here ! somebody laid a bed of stone and planted sod over it ! Davies signal he team . shovel and pick hit the ground ... 87 int . cell - day 87 ... while gorgeous food hit paper plate . it 's be slopped unceremoniously from the fine china by the guard . tilt up to iger oversee this process , pass china and utensil to the waiter , who 's flustered : waiter you be bruise the crepe . guard life 's a bitch , then you die . iger ... no plate , they break into nice jag piece ... nothing sharp , nothing that can be make sharp ... no fork , no knife , no spoon .... lose that carafe ... we will have no potential weapon of any kind this evening , thank you ... you can eat with you finger ... clyde the guard will think I gauche . clyde 's get the rise , teasing he nose with it . all around * the cellblock , inmate be shouting insult and threat ... blue - 9-19-08 56 . 88 int . office - day 88 Sarah be exite , leave Nick and cantrell to stare at the phone and wait for it to ring ... nick ( call after she ) thanks . keep digging . 89 ext . hilltop - day 89 digging . sod come off , be set aside on plastic . flash photo be take . Stones be pried up ... 90 int . cellblock - day 90 waiter and guard exit with the cart . the entire cellblock be shout . iger pause , give a final glance back . softly : iger idiot . then he too depart , as : clyde aim he remote . music for dining . clyde glance back at * dwight , who 's poise and tense . clyde I suppose if I do not share , you will beat the shit out of I . make I squeal like a piggy . that sort of thing . dwight fuckin ' A. clyde motion " join I , will not you ? " they each take a seat . clyde pass dwight a crisply - fold linen napkin . dwight tuck it like a bib . clyde lay he on he lap . a hurl object clang off they bar . the con be now throw thing , holler to raise the dead . clyde crank the music a bit louder , motion for dwight to dig in . dwight go for it , cram food in he mouth and grab for more , finger digging in ... 91 ext . hilltop - dusk 91 ... finger digging in , pull loose soil , pry stone . a layer of soil be brush aside to reveal : a face . embed in the dirt . he 's be there a long time . flash photo highlight desiccate lip and tooth ... blue - 9-19-08 57 . 92 int . cell - dusk 92 ... lip and tooth -- dwight chew , laugh . oddly enough , he and clyde seem to have start enjoy each other 's company . the music plays in bizarre counterpoint to : * the cacophony of a angry cellblock -- if the con be not in they cell , this would be a riot . all imaginable item be be hurl through bar : toilet paper roll , book , shoe , clothes , all raining down , shower the cellblock floor ... clyde I wonder what the little people be eat tonight ? dwight throw he head back and laugh ... 93 int . office - dusk 93 ... while , in deep silence , Nick unwrap a sorry - look deli sandwich , swap he pickle for cantrell 's potato salad ( they long - stand ritual ) . they both keep glance at the phone ... 94 int . cell - dusk 94 ... as clyde and dwight indulge they food orgy . dialogue be not important , so we will not hear any -- we will let the music * take over and carry -- because it 's all about tone : they be laugh and talk , wind each other up . and the more clyde wisecrack , the more dwight laugh . clyde finish gnaw a lamb rack and say something to dwight about the ruckus . dwight turn , glance out , as : clyde casually , but with purpose , lower the bone onto he lap -- add it to one already there . he pick up a fresh one , start chew the meat off ... 95 ext . hilltop - dusk 95 Dark enough now for flashlight . in the beam , we see the body mostly excavate . Forensic team member gather , in glove and breather mask , get ready to try lift . forensic tech okay , let 's see if we can get he out in one piece ... angle find Davies at the helicopter , activity around he , hold Nick 's card and dial a cell phone ... 96 int . cell - dusk 96 clyde laugh , chew , gnaw that third bone . angle close down as he bring it to he lap ... blue - 9-19-08 58 . tight reveal : his napkin wrap tightly around he hand provide pad for he palm . the two earlier bone be already hold between he finger -- he place the third , make a fist -- and the bone now protrude from he clench knuckle like a trio of spike . tilt up to clyde ... he reach across , turn a paper plate over to cover the crepe ... 97 int . office - dusk 97 the phone ring . Nick snatch it up . he listen , look to cantrell ... nod . they find the body . 98 ext . hilltop - dusk 98 behind Davies , b.g. , the body 's be extract from the hole : forensic tech ... gently on three ...one ...two ... davie ( on cell ) -- we will have to wait for the autopsy result , but -- wham -- the grave erupt as half a dozen buried claymore mine * pop like firecracker , knock Davies forward ... * 99 int . cell - dusk 99 ... and clyde lunge , face no longer laugh , the roll cart slamm into the wall as the lamb bone protrude from he fist go slamm into dwight 's throat ... 100 ext . wide landscape / hilltop - dusk 100 ... and the dust cloud cascade across the hillside ... * 101 int . cell - dusk 101 ... and clyde have dwight pin on the floor against the bar , arm ramming like a piston , punch that bone into dwight 's throat again and again , blood everywhere ... 102 int . office - dusk 102 tight on nick hold the phone . he know something awful just happen on the other end : nick agent Davies ? 103 ext . hilltop - dusk 103 a open cell phone lie on the grass . foot stumble haltingly into the shot . tilt up to : blue - 9-19-08 59 . Davies , daze , stare offscreen in shock . Dust and smoke billow . people run , shouting ... 104 int . cell - dusk 104 clyde rise into the shot , calm now , cover with blood . he unwrap the napkin from he hand , snap it open , use it to wipe the blood from he face . he take he seat , position the cart , uncover the crepe and resume eat ... fade to black 105 int . prison courtyard - day 105 a steel gate slide open , revealing Nick . flanking he be cantrell , dunnigan , Davies ( bang up and bandage ) , iger , other . they move toward we with purpose , grim and resolute , Sarah bring up the rear with a young ada name royce . nick why do you have he in the dome ? iger he kill he cellmate . we have to separate he out . cantrell what 's wrong with solitary ? iger we do not have the authority . not without a court order . this place be re-opene under protest as it be . some area be off-limit to we use -- tie up in a legal challenge by the aclu as cruel and unusual . especially solitary . ( off Nick 's look ) it be nickname the dungeon ... nick ( to Sarah ) get judge burch on the phone . Sarah speed-dial as a guard let they in ... 106 int . " the dome " - day 106 clyde wait in the birdcage , shackle . the group spread into the room , silence thick . nobody will enter the birdcage this time . clyde occupy it alone -- own it , in fact -- as : blue - 9-19-08 60 . iger Nice trick with the rack of lamb . do not see that one come . nick why would you kill you cellmate ? clyde I claim self - defense . nick here 's what I think . you sucker we in . you order that meal for the purpose of kill he . cantrell which make it premeditate . again . clyde and , again , you will have to prove that in court . as I have say before ... ( to Nick ) ... make you case . or set I free . davie ( piss , move forward ) you booby - trap kill two of mine * and put four in the hospital . that * bring the total of people you have * kill to six -- and be advise the * Bureau do not suffer lose agent in the field . ( turn ) we be do dance . I have the right to claim jurisdiction here , do I not , detective dunnigan ? dunnigan that be correct , agent Davies . davie ( again to clyde ) so. I be gonna rendition you ass . rumor have it we have place that make Guantanamo look like disneyland . do not bother pack , you be gonna disappear . clyde ( beat , glance to Nick ) you see , Nick ? that man be piss ! that 's what I be talk about ! no deal , no compromise ! you see ? nick I see you totally disconnect from reality , that 's what I see ! blue - 9-19-08 61 . sarah ( hand off phone ) judge burch with a answer for you . 107 int . judge's chamber - day 107 judge burch I be the aclu 's biggest fundraiser in this state . you wanna put that piece of shit in solitary ? good . as far as I be concerned , you can bury he in the bowel of hell . 108 int . " the dome " - day 108 nick thank you , judge burch . ( hang up , look to iger ) * consider you court order sign . ( move to clyde ) freedom ? not likely . in fact , you just buy a one room suite in the dungeon . very exclusive . iger you will have it all to yourself -- the first man down there in over twenty year . quite a achievement . clyde sink with a sigh of resignation and defeat , rest he head wearily on the bar . Nick move in , speak quietly : nick you be do everything wrong . make all the wrong move . clyde it would seem that way . the wording catch Nick -- but he dismiss it , turn : nick Sam . I know you get hit hard . I know you be furious . but I would like my shot at prosecute this case . ( off Davies ' look ) * this start with we . let I finish * it . give I that chance . * clyde I be see fire in you belly , Nick . I like it . keep go . this be we deal , after all ... cantrell let 's not mistake this ! this be not about the two of you ! blue - 9-19-08 62. clyde ( shout ) wake up , blind man ! it 's be exactly that since I watch he shake clarence darby 's hand on the step of the Hall of justice ten year ago ! the Hall of justice ! his voice echoe off . in the silence that follow : davie you wanna take this fuck down ? be my guest . whatever you need . clyde ( bang he bar ) that 's the spirit , yes ! ( to Nick ) it 's on you now , Nick . it 's you game to lose . just do not screw up . you do , they will scapegoat you . that 's * how the justice system work . * ( to Davies ) good call , Sam . make I disappear be a bad idea . you could not have handle the blowback . nick blowback ? * clyde * Cause and effect . you action * provoke reaction . the choice you * make come back to haunt you . * ( off they look ) * there be thing I have set in motion . * domino that will fall . do not see * the rack of lamb come ? start a list . all I can do at this point ... if I feel like it ... be stop they from happen . ready to talk deal ? nick you be insane . clyde see how insane you think this be . you be go to release I from this place with all charge drop within twenty four hour ... nick or what ? clyde or I start kill everybody . blue - 9-19-08 63. 109 int . solitary wing - day 109 " the dungeon " -- a small underground block of five cell dating back a century or more . a guard be spraying WD - 40 into the lock of a cell , try to turn the key . it finally do , as : clyde be bring in . guard have he on pole connect to a leather collar around he neck , and they be none too gentle . clyde toss a final glance back at Nick and iger . * clyde clock 's run , Nick . ... and then he 's go , shove inside . 110 ext . prison courtyard - day 110 Nick and the other exit the dome , thought racing : cantrell what can he do ? we have get he box in . he 's isolate , for God 's sake . nick let 's keep he that way . strict rule apply . Law say he get one hour outside he cell a day , that 's what he get . just one , under heavy guard . the other twenty - three hour , he 's in that cell , he 's a ghost , he do not exist . no contact whatsoever . dunnigan you think it be a bluff ? * nick we underestimate he before . I would like to know what this prick be capable of . ( call to Sarah ) update on the background check ? sarah properties , investment , a few small * business he own -- a lot of it 's * hide behind false name and shell * company , but we be still digging ... * nick that 's it ? nothing else unusual ? * royce the last twenty year , he 's be * Joe blow citizen . but prior to that , * we have hit a blank spot . he use to * do consulting for the government , * but we can not pin down what . * blue - 9-19-08 64 . they absorb this -- especially Davies . all eye go to he . nick what kind of government work leave a blank spot , Sam ? davie I will make a few discreet call . see what I can find out . 111 int . restaurant - night 111 expensive , upscale . we find Nick and kell at a table . she 's get she menu , but she attention 's really on Nick . he 's toy absently with he wine glass . kell where be you ? nick ( catch himself ) million mile away . sorry . kell do not be . this guy 's really do a number on you head , be not he ? nick yeah . I guess he be . ( she expect more ) it 's ... kill he cellmate . I need that to make sense . kell why ? happens in prison all the time . nick yeah , I know , but ... we be not talk some gang - banger . this man be precise . do thing for a reason . kell he 's psycho . you say so yourself . we see it on that video . psychos do not need a reason , Nick . they be just psycho . ( off he look ) whatever . you will figure it out . you * always do . nick ( smile ) thanks . I be a poor excuse , though . it 's date night . you deserve better . ( a glance around ) just wish you would pick another * restaurant . * blue - 9-19-08 65 . kell this be we place . you love it here . * ( as a waiter approach ) you should have say something ... * she raise she menu -- yes , we be in La traviata . and the waiter be the same guy who bring benson clyde he meal : waiter have we decide ? Nick 's cell phone ring . he pull it , check the number , give they a look -- sorry , gotta take this . nick Sam ? what be it ? ( beat ) not far , maybe six block . I be have dinner with my wife . 112 ext . CITY hall - night 112 davie two word : doggy bag . be in you office in ten minute . * ( beat ) Nick , do not ask question . I be on the phone all day . believe I when I say we have get one shot at this . he click off ... 113 int . nick's office - night 113 ... and face Nick and cantrell in the dimly - light office : nick he 's come here ? davie so I be tell . it 's call inter-agency cooperation , but do not ask I what agency because I would not know . this be not even back - channel , this be Theseus in the fuck labyrinth . ( off they look ) I just blow thirty year ' worth of favor today call in this one chit . I hope it 's worth it . * the desk phone ring . Nick answer , listen a beat : white - 9 - 7-8 66 . nick yes . yes , we be all here . downstair ? okay . understood . ( hang up ) he say not to take the elevator . off they puzzle look ... 114 int . CITY hall - spiral staircase - night 114 huge , descend seven floor , circle within circle drop into darkness . Nick and Davies lead the way down . cantrell bring up the rear with he dog and cane ... spook ( o.s. ) that 's good there . they freeze . Nick and Davies peer down . they start to make out a figure in the murky darkness one level below . spook which one of you be Davies ? Davies take a step forward . the spook ease partially into the light -- flinty gaze , military - style haircut . spook you must be well think of , agent Davies . I do not do this . but I be ask nicely by the right people . they brief I on you problem with benson clyde . nick what be we deal with ? spook thing I can neither confirm nor deny . thing of which , if I be ask , I will disavow any knowledge . the guy trade a look . cantrell can not help chuckle . cantrell ( to Davies ) you gotta be kid I with this guy . spook he 's not . tell I you grasp the implication of what I have say , or we be do here . cantrell ( smile fade ) yeah . okay . I get it . white - 9 - 7-8 67 . nick what be clyde ? some kind of spy ? spook spook like I be a dime a dozen . clyde be a brain . he run a think - tank , invent thing for use in the field . Ways to kill people . ( off they look ) you need to get rid of somebody . it 's not a situation where you can get close . what do you do ? nick ask clyde ? spook that 's right . ask clyde . and he would figure something out . gizmo , strategy . he be good at it . nick how good ? spook ( beat ) you play chess ? nick yeah . tournament level in college , matter of fact . spook in my line , we use a aptitude profile base on chess . a tournament - level player like you can think five to eight step ahead of a average player , do you know that ? I , I think about ten step ahead , so I would take you in a game . nick what about clyde ? spook off the chart . if you be eight step ahead , he 's twenty . or fifty . he 's already get the game win on the first move , you do not even know you be play yet . ( further into the light ) this cellmate he kill ? you think that be random ? bullshit . that be a pawn take off the board . if I be you , I would be try to figure out what the move be . blue - 9-19-08 68. nick I have be . any thought ? spook top of my head ? be the cellmate ever connect with this case ? or with clyde ? be anybody else in that facility ? Guards ? con ? the janitor ? any connection at all , no matter how remote . because if clyde say he have thing in play , he do . davie like what ? he 's lock up . what can he do ? spook ( give he a look ) you be a average chess player , be not you ? davie actually , I kind of suck . spook I can tell . but I like you tie . davie ( perplex ) thank you . Father 's Day . spook there 's this tie -- we call it the Albert , after Albert desalvo . they tiptoe in one night , thread a piano wire with a ratchet gizmo into one of you tie . sound crazy , but * trust I it work . you put you tie * on and all day long it slowly tighten . you do not even notice it 's cut off the blood - flow to you brain . then you drop dead . Brain -dead or plain dead , do not much matter at that point . ( beat ) clyde invent that . the spook melt back into the shadow . the guy crane forward , try to see . there 's a brief spill of light below as a doorway open and close ... he 's go . the three of they stand there absorb everything they have hear . Nick sit on a step . quiet look be trade ... ... and they all start take off they tie ... white - 9 - 7-8 69 . 115 int . nick's house - night 115 Nick enter tie -less , subdued , distract . kell and Emma be in the live room play scrabble . emma daddy ! Emma jump up and run over for a hug . emma Mom say I could stay up late . wanna play scrabble ? nick let I talk to mom first . Emma return to the couch . kell come to Nick , notice he weird vibe : he 's look around at the room . nick sorry about date night . kell it 's fine . you learn anything ? nick thing or two . he move up the hallway -- slowly , as if notice the wall for the first time , the picture frame , the light fixture ... kell ( follow he ) Nick ? nick hey , I be think . maybe you could pack a overnight bag for you and Emma in case you need to ... you know ... spend the night in a hotel . or something . kell why would we wanna do that ? nick no reason . it 's like a fire-drill thing . you know . in case . 116 int . bedroom - night 116 he come in , open the closet , reach up for some overnight bag -- but pause , draw to he tie-rack inside the door . he stare at the tie hang in neat row ... start touch they , run he hand up and down the fabric ... blue - 9-19-08 70 . kell stand in the doorway watch . wonder what the fuck be go on . and get a little creepe out . kell honey ? he freeze , feel something in the seam of a tie . run he finger up and down , think something 's in there . Emma appear in the doorway too , at she mother 's side . both stare now . they watch as : Nick grab a pair of scissors from kell 's sewing kit , carve the tie lengthwise , rip it open , feverish and faster , find nothing inside but mangle fabric and thread and -- stop . look back . realize they be stare at he . kell what the hell be you do ? Nick pause -- what the hell be he do ? he start to regain he sense , laugh at himself in amazement . emma daddy ? nick it 's okay , baby -- I be fine , I promise . go back to you game . dubious , Emma depart . as soon as she 's out of earshot : kell seriously , Nick . what the fuck . nick nothing . I get paranoid for no reason , that 's all . I be fine now . I can not believe I let that son of a bitch clyde get to I like that . kell be you in danger ? be we ? the question hang there -- the real question . * nick I be sure we be fine . * he pull he phone , speed -dial . * nick * I will make goddamn sure . * ( beat , into phone ) * Sarah , roust the adas . tell them * we be pull a all - nighter . blue - 9-19-08 71 . 117 ext . prison courtyard - night 117 adas be parking they car along the wall , direct by a wave guard . angle find a lot of people : cop , prison , FBI . * Sarah jump out of she car and hurry over to Nick and the other with a flock of EIGHT adas at she heel . nick ready to turn this place upside down ? 118 int . prison administration office - night 118 ...we find the ada team spread around the bullpen , aid by prison personnel and police advisor -- everybody 's on computer , or sorting heaps of paper file , etc . nick see if there 's anybody lock up here -- or work here -- ex-cop , witness for the prosecution -- anybody who might have have anything to do with the original darby - Ames case , or have any previous history with benson clyde . start with the cellmate . flag anything , no matter how insignificant it seem ... jameson glance up in dismay from he keyboard . jameson this could take day . Sarah , grab a stack from a filing cabinet and slamm the door shut with she hip , give he a laser look : sarah we boring you , jameson ? you get someplace to be ? jameson no , miss lowell . sarah ( crossing the room ) weekend plan ? cancel them ! I do not wanna hear any shit about it ! ( on jameson again ) clack -clack , jameson . clack -clack . blue - 9-19-08 72. jameson dive onto the key , start clack -clack . Sarah give Nick a nod -- she 's get this in hand . Nick exit ... 119 ext . prison ground - night 119 ... and find a forensic team disassembling clyde 's sleep - matic bed -- nut , bolt , strut , electronics . the mattress be be razore open , wadding pull out and run under fluoroscope . nick well ? dunnigan it use to be a sleep - matic adjustable bed . now it 's not . camera follows they to a table where a FBI team be focus all they skill and tech on clyde 's ipod and speaker dock . the team leader place the bud in he ear , listen . nick what do you have ? team leader Rocky Mountain Way . Joe walsh . ( off Nick 's look ) what do you want from I , it 's a fuck ipod . the other agent snicker , not hide they amusement , but : * nick * tear it apart , make sure . memory . * speaker . wiring . everything . * 120 int . clyde' cellblock - night 120 guard , feds , bomb - sniffing dog -- they be cruise the cellblock , flashlight swiveling , beam catch the face of sleepy con in they cell or at they bar ... we find Nick and iger at clyde 's now - empty cell . two FBI * emerge , shake they head . * FBI forensic blood stain . few fiber . that 's it . convict ( sleepy , at he bar ) warden , man , whassup ? iger everybody back to sleep . nick ( look to iger ) I want to see he . blue - 9-19-08 73. 121 int . solitary wing - clyde' cell - night 121 two door : solid steel outer door , inner bar door . the outer slide aside , reveal Nick outside the bar . Inside stand a shadow , wait : clyde . clyde you be up early . trouble sleep ? nick it be a good bluff . but you be do . Fucking with my head . scare * my family half to death . done . clyde move closer to the bar , into the light . clyde amazing , be not it ? how primal that be . that pull ? what a man be capable of when it come to he family ? * nick * you strip away all the polite shit , * that 's what we be really about . clyde * I hope you never face what it be to * lose they , Nick . it 's like die yourself . there 's nothing worse . that could play as a threat , of course -- but it 's not . it 's * genuine . and pain . and sincere . and Nick know it . nick good night , Ben . clyde good night , Nick . and then the moment 's go and the mock clyde return : clyde be it casual Friday ? ( off Nick 's look ) I have never see you not wear a tie . and that say volume : clyde 's totally aware of what they have be up to and be tickle by it . the outer door grind shut ... 122 ext . prison ground - dawn 122 night have pass , day be come . all the earlier energy have dissipate into anticlimax and weariness . people straggle across the yard in group toward they vehicle ... blue - 9-19-08 74 . Nick , dunnigan , Davies , iger -- all look whipped . Sarah approach , briefcase in hand , file under she arm . sarah we dig pretty deep for one night . still get a way to go , but on a first look ? nothing . nada . Zip . iger well , that 's good news . nick so far . now we double-down . make * absolutely certain . * ( nod after adas ) * let they all sleep a few hour , * then bring them back for round two . * sarah due diligence . my middle name . * she trudge toward she car , follow the adas toward they vehicle . Nick trade relieved look with the man -- everybody come down from a tense night . Davies shake they hand : davie fellas . for once , glad not to be of assistance . dunnigan Love it when they cry wolf . the man separate in different direction . dunnigan catch a glimpse of Sarah almost at she car -- she lose a page from under she arm , which flutter away on the breeze . dunnigan ( call to she ) miss lowell ! lose something ! she look back , see the page skitter slowly across the ground . weary , she blow a strand of hair from she eye , set down she briefcase , walk back to get it ... dunnigan smile , keep walk . the other man too . Nick stand a moment , watch , then start toward he car ... the adas be get to they car , pull key fob , aim they to unlock they car ... Sarah be get to the page , lean down ... the adas be press the remote , a chorus of chirp ... and wham -- the car explode in a stun series of detonation , kill the adas , throw body through the air , kick car off the ground and flipping a few skyward ... blue - 9-19-08 75 . Nick be knock flat by heat and shrapnel rip the air ... Sarah go fly . a arcing car slam upside - down nearby on a rocket - booster of flame and shatter axle ... and from this point on the visual and sound be surreal : * nick pries himself off the ground , stunne , look around , try to figure out what the fuck just happen . he 's disorient , all sound muffle . smoke drift . flame billow . dunnigan run up to Nick , shouting something . we can not tell what , because Nick can not hear . dunnigan see Nick be alive , turn and keep go , run to help the other ... Nick look over , see body be pull clear by responder , man run in , beat at flame ... Nick , daze , look through the drift smoke and see Sarah try to sit up . there 's something wrong with she leg . Nick pull himself to he knee , stagger to he foot as sound filter back in : scream , shout , the roar of flame . he stumble through the smoke to Sarah . she 's on the ground in shock , sobbing and flail , cry out . Nick see the jag piece of metal that slam deep into she calf , nearly sever it . he drop to he knee , try to calm she : nick you be gonna be all right . he pull the metal from she leg -- mistake . blood spray . he clamp down hard with both hand , blood go everywhere . nick medic ! I need a medic ! he keep clamping down , Sarah scream and sobbing , as we go to black 123 in a series of fade -to-blacks , the following image : 123 firemen spraying the flame rubble of the car ... tangles of wreckage billow smoke ... a body bag drag across the ground , add to a row of body bag await transport ... emergency vehicle park haphazardly , light spin ... cop and responders deal with the scene ... blue - 9-19-08 76 . sarah be wheeled on a gurney to a paramedic van by a ems team , oxygen mask on she face , gravely injure but stabilize , everything swirl around she , dunnigan clear a path ... nick appear , take she hand . she clasp it weakly . they load she on and the vehicle pull out with siren and light ... 124 ext . prison ground - day 124 back to " real time " -- cantrell be just get out of he town car with he dog . we find Nick on he cell : nick ( on cell ) baby . listen . do not be worried or scared . but I want you to pack that overnight bag ... I do not have time to explain now . just do it , okay ? I will call you back as soon as I can -- please , honey , I gotta go . he click off as angle come around , revealing Davies and he team come he way : davie each car have a explosive charge on the gas tank . nick he 's get someone work with he . on the outside . he 's get to . davie not necessarily . everything look pre-rigge . bomb expert we find a short - range transmitter beacon bury outside the prison wall . when you people show up here and drive in through the gate , the signal armed the bomb . * dunnigan he could have plant that bomb a month ago . cantrell ( grapple for sense ) no ...no , we have get two dozen adas on payroll . that eight be pick last night on the spur of the moment . how could he know which eight would show up ? white - 9 - 7-8 77 . davie he do not . we people just find bomb on every car in you ada pool . all two dozen . we be disarming that now . 125 int . " the dome " - day 125 tight on clyde shove into the birdcage . the neck - pole be disengage . he move forward , gaze through the bar ... clyde I want a phone in my cell . if I be conduct my own defense , it would be useful . also in case you and I need to be in touch , Nick . nick fuck you . clyde ( glance at clock ) you twenty four hour be about up . in return for the phone , I will extend you another twelve hour . nick if not ? clyde how many more people die while you stand around dithering ? how many do you get kill before my point start sink in ? cantrell close in , tracking clyde by voice : cantrell motherfucker ! whatever point you have be lose long ago ! eight kid dead in that yard , most of they just out of college ! eight ! I have to talk to they family . I have to try to explain why they love one be dead . clyde lean down , right in cantrell 's face , intense : clyde I have be wait for my explanation for ten year . so far ... ( shout ) ... nobody' fucking bother ! beat . cantrell spit in he face , turn away tremble with rage . clyde calmly wipe it off , rise to address they all : blue - 9-19-08 78 . clyde if it have not dawn on you , this be a war . as in any war , there will be collateral damage . the question , as always , be how much damage you be willing to take before you withdraw . dunnigan maybe I get a better idea . maybe we end this war right now . ( look around ) fourteen people dead ! I have to say * this out loud ? ( move toward clyde ) prisoner die in custody all the time . attack a guard . try to escape . shit like that . clyde , eye lock , pull he shirt open -- here 's you target . dunnigan , temper flaring , yank he revolver and aim . dunnigan do not tempt I . garza Jesus Christ , man , dial it back ... clyde do it . it would be decisive . stupid , but decisive . ( off dunnigan 's look ) can you handle the blowback , detective ? the " shit like that ? " Nick 's stunne , see the whole situation spiraling out of control . he step in , seize the moment back : nick put the gun away ! be you crazy ? dunnigan ( calmly reholster ) it 's a option . all I be say . Risk the blowback . ride it out . nick we be not risk anything . or let he tear we down . ( to clyde ) you be not get we to throw out the rule , like you . no way . blue - 9-19-08 79 . clyde I like rule . I have want you to follow they from the start . like the one that say you prosecute a man who murder my family . ( re-button ) so. rule . a phone busy you another twelve hour . but if you have not cut my deal and let I go by the deadline ... nick what ? what then ? clyde I will kill someone in this room . that suck the air out of the conversation -- everybody stare as that sink in . glance be trade . nick who ? he look at the room full of people , scan they face as if try to pick . he point he finger , start go from one end of the group to the other ... clyde eenie ...meenie ...miney ...moe ... ... from person to person , to the end , move back again ... clyde ... my mother ... tell I ...to pick ... a person ... and that ...person...is ... he land on cantrell . silence . cantrell obviously can not see . cantrell who 's he point at ? 126 ext . prison courtyard - day 126 * everybody on the move , emotion high : cantrell fuck he . let he try . nick that 's not helpful ! we have fourteen * dead ! you could ask they what he 's capable of , but they be in no position to answer . blue - 9-19-08 80 . cantrell ( beat , tight ) Point take . davie we will give he he phone . we will tap in and monitor every call . dunnigan buy we another twelve hour , we could use that right now . that put the deadline at ... ( check he watch ) ... about 7:30 tonight . cantrell shit . I will be in front of a room full of lawyer . the a.b.a. dinner . I be the keynote speaker . nick no way . find a replacement . dunnigan until he deadline pass , you be in protective custody . not negotiable . cantrell be not happy about it -- but nod . nick and have they switch the location of that dinner . cantrell that 's last minute . blue - 9-19-08 81 . nick exactly . he could have get you schedule in advance -- be plan to take you out at the dinner along with everybody else . that eenie - meenie act could have be horseshit . ( off they look ) we have to get a few move ahead . plan for every contingency . dunnigan this way , Mr. cantrell . garza , you be with Mr. price . they split up . dunnigan lead cantrell to a unmark car while Nick and garza head toward Nick 's . Nick 's phone ring . he check the number , answer : nick hey baby -- no , I be fine . really . honey , calm down ... he listen a beat , call to the man get in the other car : nick we shit just hit the fan in a big way -- we be all over the news ... ( on phone ) yes , all eight die . Sarah 's in surgery right now ... ( beat ) ... they think so , but ... ( beat ) ... okay , I will meet you there . Love you . he hang up , aim he key fob -- and hesitates . he and garza trade a look , think the same think . angle shift to : bomb expert * you be good . car 's be sweep . nick of course it have . thanks . Nick , feel foolish , press the fob . nothing but a tiny chirp . he and garza get in . 127 int . unmarked car ( moving ) - day 127 dunnigan drive . cantrell and he dog ride in back . both man tense and silent . two police cruiser provide escort ... 128 int . nick's car ( moving ) / ext . hospital - day 128 Nick be pull up toward the hospital , see a tv news van at the entrance , a minicam crew argue with hospital security . blue - 9-19-08 82. garza go around . I will get we in back . Nick hit the gas , drive past the news van ... 129 int . hospital - day 129 ... and they come past the nurse 's duty desk . uniform be station in the hallway . garza push a path through : garza keep the press off this floor , understand ? Nick squeeze past . the floor be busy . he find kell in the wait area . she look up , spot he . kell rise . she and Nick pull into a tight embrace . no word for a long moment . kell 's shake , fight tear . nick any word ? kell she 's in surgery now . they be say she will be okay . nick thank God . that 's good . kell good ? you will have to explain the good part , Nick . I be miss it . this be crazy . what if something happen to you ? what would I say to Emma ? what would we do ? nick you do not lose I . you will not . do the school know we be pull Emma out of class ? kell I call , yeah , but -- I would rather be here for Sarah when she wake up . Nick -- and for you . I want to do something ... nick you be . get we daughter out of harm 's way . and yourself . ( call to garza ) detective . will you escort my wife , please ? ( to kell ) there 's not much time . I will be there to see you off . okay ? please ? blue - 9-19-08 83. kell reluctantly walk away with garza , while : * 130 ext . CITY hall - day 130 a media frenzy be brewing : truck pull in , news crews gather . angle to a reporter on -camera : reporter ... report live from a tense scene at City Hall ... we have confirmation of earlier report that eight people with the district attorney 's office be kill this morning in a explosion at the County correctional annex in George Hill ... 131 int . d.a. be office - day 131 Nick enter , find the staff around the bullpen watch the same live report . everybody 's in shock , a few be cry ... * reporter ... detail be sketchy at this point , and name be be withheld ... people start notice Nick . royce come up , look daze . nick Sarah 's fine . that 's the good news . royce oh , God , that 's a relief ... ( call to the other ) miss lowell be okay ... she 's okay ... everybody react -- they need a shred of good news . royce we have be get call from upstairs . the mayor 's people . ( off Nick 's look ) someone from we office have to make a statement to the press . with Mr. cantrell absent , the mayor want you to do it . white - 9 - 7-8 84 . nick ( pause , think ) royce ... how much petty cash do we have in the safe ? royce I do not know ... four thousand ? nick give it to I . and you cell phone . I need to borrow it for a few day . royce ( beat , puzzle ) what do you want I to tell the mayor ? 132 int . / ext . CITY hall - day 132 a figure enter shot , push a door open into glaring daylight . camera follows he outside to a podium set up before a swarm mob of PRESS shouting question . angle come around to reveal : royce , nervous , lean to the microphone . royce we in the d.a. 's office be still reeling from the event of this morning , as you can imagine . it 's a tragic day for we ... for we city ... 133 ext . train station platform - day 133 kell and Emma on the platform , garza hover nearby , crowd swarm around they as board call come over the p.a. system . kell be look around , anxious . Nick appear on the platform , hurry . they see he . Emma run , throw herself into Nick 's arm as he crouch . emma I wanna see Sarah ... nick hey , hey ... she 's fine , do not be scared . that 's not allow . and there 's no reason for it . emma this suck . nick I know . emma why do we have to go ? blue - 9-19-08 85 . nick ' Cause you mom want to see a few Broadway show . you gonna begrudge she that ? emma you be kinda full of shit , dad . Nick 's take aback -- not sure whether to laugh . he trade a look with kell , who 's too tense with worry to care . nick okay , you be right . maybe I be a little . but only a little . the part you can believe be that this be all go to be fine . Sarah , us. ( direct at kell ) I mean it . okay ? emma okay . she detach from she father . Nick rise to kell , pull a envelope , hand it to she ... nick no credit card . too easy to track . meal , hotel , whatever -- pay cash . ... then take she cell , swap it for royce 's ... nick I will keep this . it can be trace . use this one instead . do not answer unless you see it 's I . * p.a. voice final boarding call for new york CITY direct , final call ... kell anything else ? nick I love you . kell Emma 's right . this suck . she embrace he , fear and emotion swirl . kell be goddamn careful . blue - 9-19-08 86 . she break the embrace . Nick stand , watch they get on the train . the door close . the train start out ... Nick turn . garza 's be watch -- a look of sympathy for what Nick 's go through ... 134 int . train - day 134 kell and Emma on the train , watch building slide by outside the window . kell troubled , hold she daughter ... 135 ext . aerial shot of train - day 135 we follow the train travel a path through canyon of building , leave the city ... angle swap train for car as we drift over a bridge and find Nick 's car racing across the span ... * 136 int . cantrell' house - day 136 Nick and garza enter . angle come around to reveal the house swarm with high - tech FBI forensic team turn the house upside - down , tear thing apart , x-ray scanning wall ... cantrell sit isolate , near tear of frustration , as the place be trash around he . he glance up , hearing : nick Jesus . * cantrell Nick ? this guy will not even let I pack a bag . not even a toothbrush . Davies enter frame , accompany by forensic tech -- not the guy from downtown , but people who work serious op . davie we have granule of a unidentified substance in the ice-maker ... he hold up a drink glass with a few ice cube , run a black - light wand behind it -- dark granule become visible on each pass , embed in the ice . davie I be betting something lethal . tech # 1 like this salt . ( pour a small amount ) not sodium chloride . potassium chloride . it 's a neuro-blocker , stop the heart -- they use it in lethal injection . you would be dead before you get up from the table . * blue - 9-19-08 87. Nick toss the other a grim look . * nick I be tell you , clyde have someone * work with he . someone on the outside . cantrell who ? who could he have ? nick somebody from he past . could be * that spook we meet on the stair , * for all we know -- he would know how to * plant this shit ... cantrell him ? no -- why would clyde let he come talk to we ? nick to fuck with we head ? to get we to bring in we adas so he could blow they up ? dunnigan * it would be a clyde move . but it 's * not proof . ( to cantrell ) * could he have plant this stuff in * you house before he be arrest ? cantrell I -- I do not know ... nick jonas , think -- last few day , have * you use any ice ? any salt ? cantrell ( confuse , grapple ) I do not use salt -- my cholesterol . Ice ? yeah -- not long ago . nick before or after he be arrest ? cantrell I do not remember ! you track you * use of ice , Nick ? you keep a daily * log ? tech # 2 call from the kitchen : blue - 9-19-08 88. tech # 2 head -up ! look like polonium here . in he tea pot . same way the Russians kill litvenenko . take he two week to die . ( off they look ) it 's a exotic isotope . all you need be a trace amount . rip through you organ and bone marrow . Nick 's be listen , thunderstruck , paler by the moment . he look to cantrell sit there , quiet and shaking . nick * I will buy you a new toothbrush . * 137 ext . aerial establishing of HOTEL - day 137 drifting in on a reflective glass skyscraper -- spectacular . 138 int . HOTEL room - day 138 the door open , revealing Nick , cantrell , et al . they come into the room ... actually , " room " undersell it . it 's the most spectacular suite know to man -- huge open floor plan , with a stun view of all the downtown building surround we . nick Holy shit . cantrell Nice ? davie I be actually a little jealous clyde do not pick I . cantrell laugh -- and it lighten everybody 's mood . Nick * drift to the window , gaze out , as : * dunnigan it 's the presidential suite . last person who stay here be actually a president . of a country . Security here be amazing . nick * it 's not bad , jonas . I think you can muddle through . davie you be muddle with he . I do not want you back at you house until my people sweep it . you need pajamas , buy some in the shop downstairs . Nick nod , pull Sarah 's report from he briefcase . blue - 9-19-08 89 . nick the background check my office be compile -- this property we * think clyde own ? if he be work * with somebody , they could be * operate out of any of this . we * should check they . * dunnigan I will try to wrangle additional * manpower . Big job . * davie ( page the report ) * no shit . this be quite a list . over * forty location ? nick it 's not even complete . Sarah be * in the middle of it -- untangle property ownership from under assume name , shell company . she 's the expert on all that . cantrell * fellas ... I be grateful for all you effort . I just want to say it . nick save it for tonight . hope you be in the mood for chinese takeout . cantrell where be you go ? nick that stuff in you house -- it 's all go too far . I start this . I owe everybody at least one last try at defuse it . 139 ext . county jail annex - day 139 a steel door open . clyde step out , shackle , blink at daylight . he come down a short flight of step ... camera come around to reveal he surroundings : not within prison wall , but rather behind the prison -- a load area we have not see , comprise of fence and razor wire . Nick walk in the rear gate , pass through by warden iger himself -- this be clearly a off- the-books meeting . Nick and clyde walk to each other , meet halfway . white - 9 - 7-8 90 . clyde interesting location you have choose . nick I think we would have some privacy . clyde for what ? a talk ? or ... ( gaze around ) maybe you have decide to take detective dunnigan 's advice . he 's notice guard atop the prison wall and surround roof -- all with sniper rifle . nick be the perfect place for it . outside the wall . look like you be shot try to escape . wide angle from above Nick and clyde below . a scope suddenly rise into frame , turn we shot into a sniper scope Pov , jump clyde 's face into magnification . he smile in the crosshair ... resume nick and clyde clyde you have some kind of signal work out ? you scratch you nose and blam , I be a goner ? nick something like that . clyde might solve all you problem . what 's stop you ? afraid of the blowback ? nick no . it 's to prove a point . ( off clyde 's look ) just because I have the power , do not mean I have to use it . clyde ah. Nice . good one . nick one can show mercy . clyde mercy . right . nick yeah . so why do not you ? blue - 9-19-08 91 . we see clyde 's brain bend a little -- try to wrap he head around it . it 's almost painful for he . clyde I think we have come a little too far for that , have not we , Nick ? I mean , what do I say ? sorry , my bad ? which way to the execution chamber ? nick do not give I that . death do not scare you . clyde ( smile " right " ) yeah , but ... we be in the flow of this now . you cry havoc , you let slip the dog of war , you go with * it . you do not just stop because * someone say hey wait . by then the dog be drag you . nick until one side admit defeat . what if I do that ? what if I say ... ( beat ) ... you be right . I be wrong . what if I say I should have prosecute both man ten year ago ? clyde I would say you be make progress . you should have , you know . prosecute both . nick I would have lose . clyde with you head hold high . and without any blame from I . Nick 's cell ring -- he turn away , answer : nick yeah ... ( beat ) she be ? great news . I will stop on my way back . and royce ? put some get - well flower in she room , they sell them in the lobby . thanks . ( hang up , baleful ) six hour in surgery . blue - 9-19-08 92 . clyde but she 's okay -- good . miss lowell be a fine young woman . ( beat ) oh , hey ... you wife and little girl get out of town all right ? nick ( beat , stare ) you ask that question make I want to scratch my nose . clyde glance around at the sniper with a laugh . clyde just a guess . it 's what I would do . get them out , make sure they be safe . ( reproachful ) c'mon . like I would ever have hurt they anyway . nick no ? clyde there be limit . even in war . I may be many thing , Nick . but I be not clarence darby . I be not rupert Ames . I be not that kind of monster . nick what kind be you ? clyde not the kind who would hurt you wife and child . Christ , look at I . mine be my salvation -- then they be kill -- and all I have leave be this . life without they in this fuck charnel - house world . pause . drawing close : clyde it hurt to lose they , do not it ? you family . even know they would come back . nick yeah . clyde imagine know they would not . nick I can not . I can not imagine that . * blue - 9-19-08 93. clyde good . I envy you . for I , know * mine will not come back be the only thing that 's crowded my thought for ten year . if I could take a rusty knife and cut out that part of my brain , I would . nick I will not make any more deal with murderer . if hearing that make a difference ... if that be the point of all this ... you have win . we see clyde 's brain hurt again -- he 's try to believe that , would like to believe that ... clyde counselor . I have no doubt , as we stand here , that you really believe that . I wish I could . ( pause ) be we do ? you gonna scratch you nose , or can I go ? silence now . nothing leave to say . they turn and walk in opposite direction ... 140 int . clyde' solitary cell - day 140 ... and clyde be bring in , lock into gloom as the door slam behind he . he stand , stare at the darkness ... 141 ext . cityscape - dusk 141 the sun be set ... 142 int . nick's car ( moving ) - dusk 142 ...as Nick drive back into town , crossing one of the bridge . 143 int . HOTEL ballroom - dusk 143 ( not cantrell 's hotel , but one close by . ) a sign read : " a.b.a. dinner . " people be enter , pass a greeter . angle find judge burch arrive ... 144 int . judge burch office - dusk 144 a secretary answer the ringing phone : secretary judge 's chamber . voice on phone Laura ? Laura , that you ? blue - 9-19-08 94 . secretary I be sorry , judge burch be go for the evening . voice on phone dang it . listen , honey , I fly in from Galveston for this a.b.a thing Laura invite I to -- just get here and they say it be move . you get a number , address , anything ? 145 int . hospital room - dusk 145 Nick peer in . Sarah 's in bed , leg brace , in traction . she 's awake but groggy -- which be not stop she from give instruction to royce , who 's scribbling note at she bedside : sarah ... tell hansen we need hard info on that address ... do not let the shell game on ownership title slow he down ... at this point we will take educate guess ... Sarah look over , see Nick step in , give he a weak smile . nick hey . sarah hey . Nice flower . thanks . he come to the bed , take she hand , squeeze it . nick how you do ? sarah this place have great drug . damn . I should have totale my leg long ago . but she emotion be in turmoil -- she put she hand over she face , hold back a sob . sarah they be all dead ? nick I be afraid so . Sarah let herself cry . Nick wait , then : * nick you be alive . that count for a * lot . * ( beat ) * I be sorry I put you in harm 's way . * blue - 9-19-08 94a . she absorb that , angrily wipe she eye . sarah it be not you . it be that son of a bitch . I hear he 's threaten jonas ? * blue - 9-19-08 95 . nick we be all over it . jonas be safe -- * out of reach . * 146 int . cantrell' suite - night 146 cantrell on the upper level , wear brand - new sweat , white cane tapping the unfamiliar place , betsy at he side . he follow voice around the corner ... Inside a room , garza 's play poker with three other cop : laszlo , fleming , and mitrius . cantrell who 's win ? fleming laszlo , the cheatin ' prick ... laszlo yer mama ... garza wanna sit in ? cantrell if I have my braille set , I would clean you out . not much of a game if you have to tell I what my card be . garza right ... sorry . the other guy toss garza a look -- what a moron . cantrell people forget . no worry . ( turn away ) enjoy you game , fella . fleming need help ? want one of we should walk you down ? cantrell I be good . unfamiliar place take I a little longer . but I get there . garza ( call after he ) holler if you need anything . ( back to the game ) okay , who 's in , who 's out ... 147 int . HOTEL ballroom - night 147 waiter set out salad , guest take seat , as : white - 9 - 7-8 96 . m.c. good evening . sorry for any confusion we last - minute change of location might have cause ... 148 int . cantrell' suite - night 148 that incredible city view -- skyscraper all around , aglow with light . cantrell enter frame , draw to the glass ... a police helicopter be roaring slowly past out there , drift among the building at we eye level . cantrell raise he hand , place it on the glass , feel the vibration ... the copter 's searchlight sweep the window , highlight he briefly with incredible light he can not see ... 149 int . other HOTEL ballroom - night 149 ... but we can see the copter go by from here , searchlight play over cantrell 's building -- which be plainly visible just across the way . angle widen to find judge burch at a table , as : m.c. ... please join I in a warm welcome for we keynote speaker this evening , judge Laura burch ... she rise and head for the podium amidst applause ... 150 ext . chinese restaurant - night 150 Nick exit , arm load down with bag of takeout , talk on he cell phone as he head for he car : nick ... yes , you pain in the ass , of course I get you kung - pao ... you think I would forget ... just do not give betsy any , I can not deal with dog fart all night ... 151 int . cantrell' suite - night 151 cantrell 's sit in front of that incredible view with betsy at he foot , on the phone : cantrell how long , man , I be starve ... 152 ext . chinese restaurant - night 152 Nick get to he car , check he watch -- and pause . the time read : " 7:27 . " Nick be suddenly hit with a momentary sense of dread . he glance up the street ... white - 9 - 7-8 97 . another angle reveal Nick in deep f.g. look up the broad avenue -- in the distance stand cantrell 's skyscraper . nick I be minute away . relax . Nick shake off he misgiving , hang up , get in the car ... 153 int . cantrell' suite - night 153 cantrell ease to the floor , sit with betsy . he stroke she fur . she whine , uneasy . cantrell it 's okay . it 's gonna be okay . 154 int . ballroom - night 154 judge burch at the podium : judge burch ... jonas be upset not to be here with you tonight ... a personal matter come up ... but he want I to give you all he fondest regards ... 155 ext . a rooftop - night 155 angle looking up at cantrell 's hotel -- a figure step into we shot , he back to we . he pull a cell phone from he pocket , flip it open , see the time : " 7:29 . " the thumb start press number -- boop...boop ...boop ... 156 int . cantrell' suite - night 156 angle drifting across the floor -- cantrell and betsy against the incredible city view ... he finally get feed up with that surgery collar she 's wear the entire movie , reach around , unsnap the plastic . he put the collar aside , gently ruff she shaggy neck . cantrell there . that 's better . he put he arm around she , take comfort in she presence . a quiet , pensive moment ... 157 int . nick's car ( moving ) - night 157 Nick drive , a block from the hotel now ... white - 9 - 7-8 98 . 158 ext . rooftop - night 158 ... as the figure finish dial . the thumb hover a moment , then press " send . " we hear the call ringing through ... 159 int . cantrell' suite - night 159 ...and cantrell hear a strange SOUND ... almost like a phone ringing -- sort of close but not -- weirdly muffle . he look around , try to pinpoint it . his head finally swivel down to betsy lie at he side . she 's whining , get a little freak , lick she stitches ... cantrell 's hand travel down she fur to she belly ... fingertip trace the stitching ... and what he can not see be the strange glow building under she skin ... but he can sense it . his eye widen slightly ... ... and wham ! the room be swallow in a detonation -- 160 ext . cantrell' floor - night 160 -- which blows out the room in a huge explosion , the row of window vanish in a storm of flame and shatter glass ... 161 int . ballroom - night 161 judge burch and the other gasp as the explosion light up the night from the building across the way ... 162 ext . nick be car - night 162 Nick slam on he brake -- he crane forward , gaze up in horror as the explosion be reflect in he windshield ... 163 ext . rooftop - night 163 the blast kick from the face of the building , fireball rise with eerie grace into the night sky , as : the figure step into frame , pocket the cell phone . camera pivot behind he , lose cantrell 's building and bring the other hotel into view -- the one with the lawyer ... 164 ext . nick be car - night 164 Nick jump out , stunne . he run up the street toward the hotel as glass and debris rain onto the sidewalk ... 165 int . ballroom - night 165 people crowd to the glass , stare out at the skyscraper across the way -- at the smoking ruin that be once a floor ... blue - 9-19-08 99 . 166 ext . rooftop - night 166 ... and the figure bend down , pick something up . he heft it onto he shoulder : a law rocket -launcher . he flip up the sight , take aim at the other hotel , fire ... whooosh -- the rocket streak , leave a contrail ... 167 int . ballroom - night 167 fast CUT : judge burch and that around she reacting as the glare of the rocket approach in a heartbeat -- wham ! our second explosion of the night take out the ballroom , kill dozen , blow flame and debris across the room ... 168 ext . STREET - night 168 Nick see it : the contrail , the second blast , all of it . it stop he dead in he track . just overwhelm . 169 omitted 169 * 170 int . cantrell' suite - night 170 * garza and he guy come stumbling and bleed from the room * they be in . they get to the top of the stair , find the * front of the suite open to the windy sky outside ... fleming ( gasp on radio ) ... we need help up here ... * garza Jesus Christ . what the fuck hit we ? 171 ext . STREET - night 171 Nick stare up , wonder the same thing as we fade to black 172 int . CITY hall - grand conference room - day 172 a 30 - foot-high hand - paint dome ceiling above , a equally huge round table below -- a impose room that say power . Nick be ushere in . a dozen or more people be seat -- top - echelon city brass -- political , fire , police . also present be Davies and dunnigan . ( dunnigan be not seat -- he 's get he ass ream today . ) blue - 9-19-08 100 . the top dog : the mayor . he 's seethe but not a screamer -- a man who keep it tightly rein : mayor we be worldwide news this morning . almost twenty dead , among they some of this country 's top attorney . I have friend in that room . Hell , I almost attend myself . nick the second explosion . I see a rocket * fire . * ( to Davies and dunnigan ) clyde do have somebody on the outside . mayor * what you see or think you see be * beside the point . what matter be * that the FBI want to rendition * this man out of my city . the reason * he 's still here cause havoc be you . you want to prosecute this case . you ambition keep he here * and provoke this tragedy . dunnigan ( mutter ) ... not entirely fair ... mayor detective . you job be hang by a thread . I would think a man of you experience would know when to keep he mouth shut and he ass cover . dunnigan -- formidable though he be -- look away , keep he mouth shut . the Mayor approach Nick , look he in the eye . blue - 9-19-08 101 . mayor when I go in front of the camera today -- unlike some people who seem unwilling to do so when ask -- I be go to make goddamn sure the media do not hang this abject disaster around my neck . why ? because I be hang it on yours . ( beat ) you be do . gone. fire . non - existent . get the fuck out . 173 ext . CITY hall courtyard - day 173 people go about they business . Nick exit , daze , come down the step . he sit on a step , vacant -- a man completely at a loss and out of option . his cell ring . he rouse himself , flip it open . clyde ( v.o. ) hey . some legal team from the mayor * show up here this morning . I hear * you be off the case . told you they would * scapegoat you , do not I ? ( beat ) Nick ? you there ? * nick * how would you kill jonas ? I know about the second explosion , I see the contrail , so I know you get somebody work for you . but the first explosion -- how ? clyde say you find a guy with a bad cocaine problem . hungry ex-wive . greedy mistress . heavy gambling debt . * ...a bizarre sound occur on the line -- a unidentifiable shrieking SOUND that grow and rapidly dissipate ... clyde say that guy 's a veterinarian . you * hand he a million in cash , he will * do what you ask . especially if he 's * look to blow town for good ... blue - 9-19-08 102. nick ( can not believe it ) it be ... inside the dog ? clyde you own the vet , you own the dog . explosive be not even that big . stuff I use , it do not have to be . ( beat ) Hidden in plain sight . that 's my specialty . have not you figure that out yet ? Nick sigh , rub he eye , can barely even speak . clyde what 's next for you ? mulling career option ? I suppose law be out . nick I be try to get over my friend be dead . aside from that , fuck you . clyde Fair enough . ( beat ) I will miss you Nick . it be a good dance . nick do not bring you family back , though , do it ? ( off clyde 's silence ) have it make you feel better ? all this ? you do make you point ? clyde just warming up . this be clausewitz shit , my friend . total war . camera pushing in on Nick , listen , as : clyde I be gonna pull the whole thing down . I will topple the gleam pillar and drag the whole fuck disease , corrupt temple down on my head . ( beat ) stay tune . it will be biblical . click -- line go dead . Nick sit stare at the phone ... blue - 9-19-08 102a . 174 int . hospital room - day 174 Nick enter , find Sarah cry . a wall -mounted tv be playing a news report of the explosion -- file footage of jonas cantrell pop up . Nick drift over , sit at she bedside , as : reporter ... go live now to City Hall where Mayor tilden be about to make a statement ... announce , we be tell , among other thing , the dismissal of District Attorney Nick price ... the image cut to the Mayor step to the mic . mayor thank you all for gather on this solemn and anxious occasion ... white - 9 - 7-8 103. Nick mute it . he and Sarah do not speak for long moment -- he 's wait for she to pull herself together . she finally do , go into professional mode , pull she laptop and file and report around she . sarah we get the latest batch of background in . hansen and the other guy do some good work here -- nick Sarah . give it a rest . it 's over . we be do . ( off she look ) I be do . the mayor be nail my coffin shut . the best thing you can do right now be distance yourself from I as much as you can -- see what you can salvage of you career . Sarah be stare at he with " fuck you " in she eye . she pick up a multi-page list of address , hand it to he . sarah this list over fifty shit -value property in industrial zone that nobody in they right mind would want to own -- stuff around chemical plant , factory . all be own by benson clyde . look at twenty - two . Nick , not caring , scan down to : nick " Joe 's lube-and - drive garage . " go out of business in ' 94 . ( look up , irritate ) now why would Joe 's extinct lube - and - shit garage be of the slight possible fuck interest to you , I , or anyone ? sarah ( tight , piss ) the garage , not so much . but the address . look at the location . Nick look down at the list again ... stare ... 175 ext . joe' lube -and-drive garage - day 175 a shitty garage in a shitty industrial park . border it , on the other side of some fencing , be municipal train track . Nick 's car pull up . he get out . it 's a ghost town here . blue - 9-19-08 104 . he go to the garage window -- glass thick with dirt . he wipe with he sleeve , but it do not help he see in . 176 int . garage - day 176 tight on roll - up door -- a car jack jam in under the lip . we hear cranking and the door rise ... Nick drop down , peer in . he squeeze under the door , stand up . gloomy in here . he hit the door switch -- it rattle up * on its track , flooding the place with light ... * he look around . cobweb . Dust . a car under a tarp on the hydraulic floor- lift . Old shelf and pallet of tool . rust. grime . the crap of age . he sigh , turn and walk out ... 177 ext . / int . garage - day 177 ... and pause . something tickle he brain . suddenly , a shrieking commuter train blast by -- go , dwindling . it be a bizarre , distinctive sound ... like the one Nick hear during he last phone call with clyde . Nick stand freeze , piece in he head tumble and threaten to fall into place . something about the shape of that car under that tarp ... he turn , stare at it . go back in , draw to it -- it 's long , distinctly old - school , with sharp boxy corner ... he draw the tarp off -- find a 1965 lincoln Continental , midnight - blue , in excellent condition . the last time he see it , it be park in a carport at benson clyde 's farmhouse . what 's it do here ? more piece fall into place . Nick leave the garage again , walk out ... camera track he across the tarmac , and as we come around the corner of the building , we reveal : the County correctional annex be right there , a backwater corner of the prison not sixty foot away ... Nick stare up at it -- a very curious location indeed . 178 int . garage - day 178 fast cut : Nick search ... behind shelf ... the toilet ... in closet ... the grimy little office ... he stop . look at the car . there 's a mechanic 's pit below that hydraulic lift . he go to the control , hit " up " ... blue - 9-19-08 105 . angle from mechanic' pit Nick 's face come slowly into view as the hoist rise ... fade to black in blackness , we hear : boop-boop-boop ... a cell be dial . the line ringing . a voice answer : 179 int . police station - bullpen - night 179 dunnigan ( weary ) dunnigan . intercut with STREET ( industrial area ) : nick ( on cell ) do we finish this tonight ? dunnigan Nick ? Jesus ... ( nervous glance around ) look . no hard feeling , but there be no " we . " you be radioactive . I * can not even be see talk to you ... nick I know who he 's get on the outside . ( that stop dunnigan ) I will ask again . do we finish this tonight ? poor dunnigan look torture . he catch garza 's eye ... 180 ext . joe' lube -and-drive garage - night 180 a train shriek through shot , revealing : the garage quiet in moonlight . the area desert . beat . the garage door roll up on its track . darkness within . a pair of headlight kick on , blind we . the lincoln emerge , move off into the night as the door roll down again . we hear soft static from a police radio , and a voice : blue - 9-19-08 106 . dunnigan ( o.s. ) all unit . subject vehicle be on the move . angle widen to reveal we be in a unmarked car -- dunnigan * at the wheel , Nick beside he . dunnigan 's on the radio : dunnigan everybody maintain distance . dunnigan put the car in gear , pull out ... from this point on , we're very much in montage style ( it goe without saying this need the right piece of music ) : 181 ext . aerial shot - night 181 drifting magically through the downtown skyscraper ... neon - light rooftop ... city light reflect off glass building ... a FBI helicopter drop into shot . camera come around , pace , the copter 's reflection in the building we be pass ... 182 ext . aerial shot looking straight down - night 182 skyscraper pass the lens below we ... there 's a midnight - blue lincoln travel the street far below . it turn a corner , move up a long boulevard . camera pivot around a skyscraper , follow ... 183 ext . street - various angle - night 183 the lincoln cruise , cold reflection of street lamp kick off sheet metal , flow along its body and windshield ... we start zooming and racking focus to the unmark car tailing it in traffic .... visually , it become a surreal dance of headlight and traffic signal ... 184 ext . aerial shot - various angle - night 184 a police copter join the FBI copter in the air ... both cruise eerily against a kaleidoscopic wash of city light ... voice # 1 ( v.o. ) maintain two thousand foot ceiling ... 185 int . dunnigan' car ( moving ) - night 185 voice # 1 ( v.o. ) subject vehicle turn south off of Hudson ... into a alley ... dunnigan ( click hand - mic ) hang back ... hang back ... white - 9 - 7-8 107 . 186 ext . alley - night 186 the lincoln pull to a load door . the door rise ... 187 int . build - night 187 ... and the lincoln enter . it stop next to a large cube van with the logo : " nomos custodial service . " camera push in as the car door open , foot step out ... tilt up to clyde dress in a custodial service uniform . he slam the car door , get in the van , fire up the engine ... 188 ext . aerial view of alley - night 188 Far below we , the van emerge from the same door , come out of the alley and back onto the street ... voice # 2 ( v.o. ) I get a white van ... large cube type ... think he switch vehicle ... move north again on Hudson ... 189 int . dunnigan be car - night 189 dunnigan five and six , stick with that building in case he 's try to cowboy we . all other unit , stay with the van ... dunnigan pull out into traffic , resume the tail ... voice # 3 ( v.o. ) I have visual on van . logo on side read " nomos custodial service . " nick where the hell be he go ? 190 ext . CITY hall - establishing - night 190 the glorious old building loom above we . tilt down to reveal a red carpet event brewing -- limo and luxury car pull up , guest in expensive attire get out ... the nomos van steal the frame as it drive past and turn to go around the back of the building ... a limo steal the frame back as it pull to the curb . the Mayor step out , wave and smile for flashing cameras ... 191 int . dunnigan' car ( moving ) - night 191 Nick and dunnigan drive past all the hoopla ... blue - 9-19-08 108. nick you do not suppose nomos custodial * have a service contract with City Hall , do you ? off dunnigan 's look of " oh shit " ... 192 ext . CITY hall service entrance - night 192 tight on a card scanner as a card be swipe . thunk -- the lock disengage . tilt up to clyde as he roll a load custodial cart ( with mop and trash barrel ) inside ... 193 int . CITY hall service area - night 193 a guard man the security desk -- he glance up from a bank of live - feed video monitor as clyde roll he cart in . security guard Mr. nomos ! ai not see you around . clyde Ted ... have to get that vacation in . visit my sister in the key ... security guard Nice . good for you . clyde hey , what 's all that hoopla at the main entrance ? security guard Mayor 's get a big fuckin ' thing . thousand dollar a plate whatever . they say the Governor might come . clyde ( move on ) I will stay out of they way . security guard ( call after he ) they be up on six , avoid that floor . they get more security than God ... 194 ext . aerial shot looking straight down - night 194 Far below : the entrance light up with arrive car and guest , cameras flashing ... a helicopter drift through the shot just below we in slow - motion , rotor thrumm eerily ... 195 int . service elevator - night 195 ... while clyde ride up . he stop at five , get out ... blue - 9-19-08 109 . 196 int . hallway - night 196 ... and roll he cart up the hallway . muffled music from the floor above . he come to a door , sort he key ... 197 int . empty courtroom - night 197 ... and enter in darkness . move swiftly , he reach into he trash barrel , pull a gleam steel briefcase from under the shred papers -- he stride to the judge 's dais , lay the case atop it , turn and head back to he cart ... 198 int . service area security desk - night 198 ... as a stream of tactical cop stampede into the building and up the stair . angle find Nick , dunnigan , and Davies loom over the nervous security guard : dunnigan what floor ? security guard I tell he to avoid six ... ( check monitor ) there ... on a monitor : clyde roll he cart from the courtroom ... security guard that 's the main courtroom on five . * nick that 's right below the ballroom . the Mayor 's event . 199 int . 6th floor hallway and ballroom - night 199 early arrival be come up , enter the ballroom . the place * be crawl with secret -service type in suit . * 200 int . 5 th floor hallway - night 200 * clyde come down the hallway b.g. , roll he cart ... f.g. , angle find tactical cop with machine gun pour quietly up the stair , take up position just around the corner , poise and tense . tighten in as the tac leader use a small mirror to peek around the corner and spot clyde : tac leader ( whisper on headset ) subject in sight . do we take he ? blue - 9-19-08 110 . 201 int . another staircase - night 201 * Nick , dunnigan and other be racing up the step . dunnigan * raise he radio to say yes , but : nick no . let he go . ( off dunnigan 's look ) we know where to find he . let 's get to that courtroom . dunnigan hesitates -- against every instinct in he body . dunnigan I hope you know what the fuck you be do . ( click mic ) negative . we be let he go . all unit hang back . repeat . we be let the subject go . 202 int . 5 th floor hallway - night 202 the cop trade surprised glance . the elevator ding . clyde get on , the door close . the cop swarm up the hallway ... 203 int . courtroom - night 203 this all happen fast : bang -- the door slam open . Nick lead a huge phalanx of cop and FBI in , weapon and flashlight beam stabbing in all direction . nick there . they race to the judge 's dais -- the steel case . davie do not touch it ! could be motion sensitive ! Davies shove he way to the front , grab a small hand - hold drill from one of he guy ' tactical vest : davie I need light ! dozen of beam converge . Davies place the drill , go to work on the case ... grind , grind ... voice # 4 ( v.o. ) I have visual ... suspect leave the * building ... different service exit ... 204 ext . CITY hall - night 204 clyde exit a load dock , get in he van ... blue - 9-19-08 111. 205 int . courtroom - night 205 ...grind , grind ... the drill tap through . Davies yank it , feed a fiber- optic tube into the hole , put he eye to the eyepiece . he swivel the tube carefully , peer inside ... davie * crap . * ( glance up ) * explosive . nasty one . * dunnigan what ? C - 4 ? * Davies take he eye from the eyepiece , look at they . davie C - 4 be for girl scout . this be malglinite . take out the whole floor above we ... maybe this entire corner of the building ... nick can you open it ? disarm it ? davie ( back to eyepiece ) no , we get tripwire . we open this lid , instant karma 's gonna get we . ( keep scan ) do not see a motion sensor . trigger look simple ... dial a cell phone , income call arm the trigger -- trigger 's set to count down from forty second , then boom . ( off they look ) that call come in , we have forty second to get as far away from this thing as possible . dunnigan ( to he man ) alert the mayor 's security team . * evacuate that people upstairs -- * clear that ballroom , go ! nick no ! dunnigan turn on he , instant shouting match : dunnigan no ? what the fuck be you talk about , this could go off any second ! white - 9 - 7-8 112. nick he will not set it off until that room be full ! people be still arrive , red carpet shit , that 's at least another half hour ! dunnigan I will not take that risk ! nick you have to ! beat . Nick , no longer shouting , but intense and fast : nick if I be he , I have rig camera in that ballroom -- live video feed -- first sign of a evacuation , I trigger the bomb . ( off they look ) we have to think ahead of this fuck ! pause . look trade . davie I be open . dunnigan okay , Nick . what 's the move ? 206 int . lincoln / nomos custodial - night 206 clyde slam the van door , get in the lincoln . he pull a handheld clamshell video monitor -- it show a live feed of people enter the ballroom , mingling as they arrive ... clyde smile , start the engine ... 207 int . CITY hall ballroom - night 207 the Mayor enter , wave to everybody , shaking hand ... 208 int . joe' lube -and-drive garage - night 208 the garage door rise . the lincoln back in , stop on the hydraulic lift . clyde get out , throw the tarp over it . briefly check he clamshell . still plenty of time ... he raise the lift a few foot , drop down and crawl under the car into : 209 the mechanic' pit 209 duplicate control . he hit the button and the car sink down atop we , settling to the floor , sealing we into darkness . white - 9 - 7-8 113. beat . a bright light turn on -- one of that gazillion candlepower flashlight . clyde aim it and we see : a tunnel hewn into the wall of the mechanic 's pit . just large enough for clyde to crawl into . he do ... 210 int . tunnel - night 210 Hand -dug , rough dirt hold up by two - by-four brace . a wheeled platform be the transport -- clyde 's on he back , pull himself along by a overhead rope , hand over hand ... 211 int . under the prison - night 211 clyde emerge in the suffocating darkness of a sub-basement laid into a foundation that date back to the Civil War . he crawl free , shine he light as rat scurry in shadow ... he 's on he hand and knee at first because the ceiling 's so low . he 's finally able to rise , move along at a crouch ... ... and emerge into a proper sub-tunnel . now able to walk normally , he navigate the tunnel and come to : 212 int . clyde' staging area - night 212 we be just below the solitary wing . clyde have it rig with all he need : computer , spare cell phone , various kind of clothing , even a shelf line with snack . he quickly shrug off he custodian 's outfit , revealing he prison jumpsuit beneath . he gaze up a weld steel ladder ( identical to four other in a row -- one for each cell ) . he check he clamshell one last time , tweak the bad reception with a relay -- ballroom look full . he click off he lamp and clamshell , set they on a shelf ... he go up the ladder to a hatch in the ceiling ... 213 int . clyde' cell - night 213 ... and enter through a swiveling portal conceal behind the toilet . in deep darkness now , he pull he cell phone , start input a number -- boop...boop ...boop ... and he freeze . realizing ... there 's somebody in there with he ... a silhouette sit on the floor by the door . the figure reach out , push open the outer door a bit . faint light spill in , revealing : nick I come to talk . guess who be not in he cell ? imagine my surprise . blue - 9-19-08 114 . clyde imagine mine . nick beautiful how you play we . get yourself toss into solitary -- * pre-rigge with exit from all five * cell . whichever one we put you in , you have you basis cover . ( faint smile ) I think I be such a bad - ass put you down here . turn out I be do what you want . clyde that 's how you play . make the other guy think it 's he idea . ( beat ) you come to talk , so talk . nick be think . if I would do thing differently -- make different decision from the start -- we would not have get to this point . clyde but it happen . and here we be . nick here we be . ( beat ) you decision put we here too . this mess be on both of we . * clyde you want to hold hand ? what 's you point ? nick we can not change decision we have make . we can only account for decision we make from here . I know what mine will be . ( beat ) what about you ? you gonna finish dial that number , or what ? clyde hesitate , thumb hover over the number pad . clyde if I do not ? what be you offer ? nick you look to deal ? blue - 9-19-08 115 . clyde I be willing to listen . nick okay , here 's the deal . the deal be ... there be no deal . ( off clyde 's look ) I tell you . no more deal with murderer . I be stick to that . that 's my decision . it 's what you * teach I . strange as it sound , * I be grateful for the lesson . * Nick rise , step out -- pause , turn back . nick you turn . you make the right decision , I will see what I can do for you . but the wrong decision be one you will have to live with the rest of you life . the moment stretch . clyde poise -- all down to this . in * the end , he can not help himself : boop-boop-boop -- hit send . * clyde I be sorry . nick I too ... Nick push the bar door shut ... nick ... because like I say , it 's a decision you will have to live with the rest of you life . which at this point I figure be ... ( glance at watch ) ... another 35 second . ... and turn the key in the lock -- klatch . nick check mate . clyde hear a SOUND ... like a phone ringing -- sort of close but not -- muffle -- like the sound cantrell hear ... clyde , realization dawn , thrust he hand out and jerk the cot blanket up , revealing : the steel briefcase under he cot . he glance up to see : Nick go . clyde scramble to he portal , yank on the handle ... blue - 9-19-08 116 . 214 clyde' staging area ( under the cell ) 214 angle on : the hatch handle rattles -- now padlock shut . 215 int . joe' garage / mechanic' pit - night 215 fast CUT : dunnigan thrust himself out of the tunnel , cop grab he arm , pull he free ... 216 int . solitary wing - night 216 Nick come through the sally - port at a fast stride , through another door , go up the step ... 217 int . clyde' cell - night 217 clyde wheel around , frantic as a cage tiger -- he lunge to the door , rattling the bar ... 218 quick angle 218 ... while Nick pound faster and faster up staircase after staircase ... 219 int . clyde' cell - night 219 clyde -- enraged , bellow -- pick up the steel briefcase , swinging it hard against the bar , try to batter through ... and then stop . a self - awareness return . perhaps it 's the clyde that 's be miss for year -- the sane one . pause . he set the briefcase down . stands a moment . he sit down on the briefcase . calm now . pull a SMALL photo from he breast pocket . gaze at it . it 's he wife and daughter . he stare at they a while . tuck the photo back in he pocket . nod . clyde well play . boooom ! the detonation be staggering , instantly vaporize * clyde and the cell he 's in ... 220 solitary wing 220 ... blowing the bar right out of the stone on a wall of flame that overwhelm the lens ... 221 fast cut : corridor and staircase 221 ... flame hurtling with express -train force ... blue - 9-19-08 117 . 222 ext . prison courtyard - night 222 ... and blasting ton of brick and mortar skyward . Nick enter the shot as we dolly back with he , walk away from the building go to dust and rubble b.g. camera pan he around , now follow he , as he approach Davies stand with iger . iger be stare , agog : iger Jesus . * ( beat ) * thank God that wing be empty . * a car arrive behind they : dunnigan get out , approach . * iger how do I explain this to the city ? dunnigan I think the Mayor will have you back . Nick approach , come abreast of they . look be trade with dunnigan and Davies . relief . Fellowship . a touch of sadness . word be not need here . Nick keep walk , pull he cell phone , start dial . dunnigan smile . he know exactly where Nick 's go ... 223 int . train station platform - day 223 long lens : Nick sit ... wait ... a arriving train move massively into the shot , pull into the station ... Nick rise . a squeal of brake , steel on steel ... Nick engulf in a crowd of arrive passenger , people get off , swirl and jostling all around he , wiping frame ... ...only two face he want to see ... ... and there they be ... he sweep he family into he arm . the final moment of this movie be all about face and joy ... ... and credit begin as we fade out