lawrence of arabia by ROBERT bolt lawrence of arabia part one as a background to the screen credit the follow : close shot of the motor bicycle . it be large , powerful andin beautiful condition . we can see that it be stand in some kind of country shed with a background of work - bench , petrol can and so on . a few wild flower , dandelion and such , be stuff rather roughly in a jam jar on the work - bench . the shed be open-fronted and the motor bicycle and its background be dapple with sunlight . fall through nearby leave . a man come and stand between we and the machine with he back towards we . we can only sée he from the buttock down . he be wear heavy motor-cycle boot and slap onto the petrol tank a pair of gauntlet glove . camera . stay on this while he prepare the machine - fill the tank , adjust choke and mixture control , ad lib as need . he mount and kick the starter and move off frame , with a roar . panning shot . the motor- cycle leave the farmyard into the lane . as background to final credit , the peaceful farmyard ; noise of motor- bike recede to silence . then sharp cut to : extreme close shot . the motor-cyclist . head and shoulder . on SOUND track engine roaring . he be so heavily begoggle and mufflere as to be anonymous but he wear no helmet and he bright hair be ruffle in the slipstream . moving shot of the road ahead . ata distance , the road be up . it be too early in the morning for the worker to be there ; a night watchman yawn over he brazier . a notice say " warning . drain lay . roadworks ahead " . we throttle down and pass the roadwork , still too fast and bank for a corner . round the corner a similar roadwork and a similar notice which we see nearer than before , the word " warning " loom larger . again we throttle down and pass the roadwork , again too fast , and be accelerate immediately towards a second corner . . come out of the corner a third roadwork ahead . the same notice repeat , this time the word " warning " almost fill the screen . close shot of the motor-cyclist . the scarf have slip a little and we can see he mouth . it be neither smile nor particularly determine but it set into a sort of still calm as the cyclist accelerate : 5 continue through the roadwork far too fast . we swerve to the leave , to the right , tilt , approach a blind bridge , be out of control , spin , crash . 6 closeshot . a piece of the road . the goggle slither along it oo up to camera . c CUT to : 7 close shot . the blind stone eye of lawrence 's bust ina chapel of St. Paul 's Cathedral . on SOUND track , the organ . a '' man in very correct civilian clothes , hold he bowler hat , adjust the central wreath which have fall askew . he do this not reverently _ but neatly , severely , and then without a backward glance leave the chapel ( past two soldier in blue who keep vigil there ) and make he way up the aisle after the rest of the discreetly murmure , shuffle congregation where a elderly friend , a cleric , await he . 8 close tracking shot . brighton and he friend pace slowly along the aisle , past memorial to other honoure heroes , which glimmer faintly from the wall . at this the cleric glance ; then away . cleric well nil nisi bonum . but I find some ~ thing ... disproportionate in all this . * brighton ( must defend lawrence , though he can not disagree ) he be a remarkable chap . by any count , remarkable . cleric ( interested ) . do ; you know he well ? brighton I know he . j if i 9 medium long shot . the step of St. paul . the fashionable ; congregation be leave , watch by a crowd of more ordinary : folk who be keep aside by afew policemen . allenby be ic stand alone , and quite still . he be in civvy and he bear be i modest , but one or two who pass he raise they hat , as though co salute . a reporter approach . 9 continue reporter Lord allenby , could you give I a few word about Colonel lawrence ? allenby ( smile a little ) ' what , more word ...? ( he make a deliberately formal " statement " ' ) " the revolt in the Desert play a decisive part in the Middle Eastern campaign " . ' the reporter be disappointed . reporter yes sir , but about Colonel lawrence himself . allenby no. ( politely regretful ) I do not know he well you know . allenby move away . the reporter see somebody else off screen and dart towards bentley and a lady . reporter Mr. bentley , you must know as much about Colonel lawrence as anybody do . bentley ( a public " statement " which reporter take down ) " it be 'my privilege to know he and to make he know to the world : he be a scholar , a poet , anda mighty warrior 's . reporter tip he hat to the lady and move away . bentley ( cont ) he be also the most shameless exhibitionist since barnum and Bailey . a military gentleman ( the m.o. of the final sequence ) dart up from behind , loom on the step above . military gentleman you sir ! who be you ? 9 10 11 12 continue bentley ( not a bit put out ) my name 's Jackson bentley . military gentleman ( momentarily throw ) oh. ( recover instantly ) you whoever you be sir , I hear you last remark and I take the strongest possible exception ! , ( challenging ) he be a very great man ! bentley ( mildly ) do you know he ? military gentleman no sir , I can not claim I know he . ( truculent ) I have the honour once to shake he hand in Damascus ! bentley turn away with politely raise eyebrow . murray pass witha friend . he growl : murray knew he ? nolinever knewhim . he have some minor function on my staff in Cairo . dissolve to int . mapping room . british h.q. cairo close shot : lawrence be neatly tinting a map with water colour . he sit back to look at it , patiently , but without enthusiasm . a shadow fall across he and he look up , interested . close shot : lawrence 's point of view of a basement window . outside , the lower half of a camel walk by . mo . shot . we now see that lawrence be seat in a long narrow room , hardly more than a glorify passage . at each end a hole have be knock high up in the wall and a massive bundle of electric cable proceed in from one to the other and out again , 12 13 14 continue dimming the already inadequate light which come through a series of semi-circular window high up in the wall of the basement . there be six draw board with pot of paint , brushes , T square , protractor , compass , pen and ink , pencil , pile of roll map and whatever else cartographer need . above the board hang lamp with metal shade , and before eath boardis a stool . at one of this sit the only other occupant of the room , a sergeant . lawrence ( gloomily ) Michael George hartley , this be a nasty , dark little room . sergeant ' T 's right . lawrence we be not happy in it . sergeant ( think of the trenches ) ' lam , lawrence then you be a ignoble fellow . sergeant ' T 's right . he light a cigarette , throw down the packet and box , while 's lawrence watch he , and go on with he work . it be a relationship not uncommon in the force ; the gulf of class and rank have . be bridge by mean of a ritualise parody . there be the sound of boot on stone floor . lawrence look up . close shot . the door open and a chirpy corporal enter with a fold newspaper . Beyond he we catch a glimpse of a telephone exchange and a flight of stair lead upwards from the basement . mo . shot . the corporal walk over towards lawrence . the phlegmatic sergeant take no notice at all . lawrence here be William Potter with my newspaper . corporal here y'are tosh . SE [ oo 14 continue 3 lawrence take the paper , pay for it with a coin from he pocket . lawrence ( quite simply ) '' thanks . ) ( back to the act ) would you care for one of sergeant hartley 's cigarettes ? corporal se orc , — - ta. it be part of the game that no - one shall smile . the corporal take one of the sergeant 's cigarettes as lawrence unfold he paper . oo sergeant be it there ? 15 close shot . lawrence hold up the paper at the front page . be in Arabic . he be instantly absorb . the sergeant and . corporal regard he with the respect which everyone feel for the man with a passion , even uncomprehend . ! lawrence of course itis . headline . of ( grimly ) . . but I will bet it be not mention in the Times . ( he indicate ) " bedouin tribes attack turkish strong - hold " . and I will bet there 's no - one in the & . Whole of this headquarters who even know it 's happen . ( he throw down the paper ) or would care if he do . . 16 mo . shot . lawrence find they sympathetic , bovine gaze '' upon he and laugh . lawrence allow I to ignite you cigarette . lo he strike one of the sergeant 's match and light the po , corporal 's cigarette . then , he extinguish the match by very ig — slowly close he finger and thumb upon the flame , he face very attentive the while . it be a trick the other two have evidently see | before but which evidently still fascinate . qor ima 9 . | 17 18 '' 16 continue sergeant ( dispassionately ) you will do that once too often . it 's only flesh and blood . lawrence return to he work , murmure : lawrence why , Michael George hartley , you be a philospher . corporal ( amiably ) you be barmy . close shot . the door open and a m.p. sergeant enter . m.p. Mr. lawrence ? lawrence ( off ) ( courteously ) yes ? m.p. flimsy , sir . he go towards lawrence . close shot . the corporal sit down on he own stool , as the m.p. enter picture , hand the flimsy to lawrence , and exit . lawrence unfold the flimsy and he expression change . the sergeant take no notice , assume it to be a routine order of some kind . lawrence put down the flimsy and take he hat from a nail drive into the wall within reach , and get down from he stool , he face very still , he eye excited . the corporal be preoccupy with a burn match which he proceed to extinguish between he finger . corporal ow ! ( indignantly ) it damn well ' urt ! lawrence certainly it hurt . : 18 continue corporal ( cajole ) well what 's the trick then ? lawrence the trick , William Potter , be not mind if it hurt . the camera be panning with he on the way to the door . he open it and turn . lawrence . oh , if Captain gibbon ( he articulate the name . with special politeness ) should enquire for I , tell he I have go for a chat with the General . - he turn to go . 19 close shot . the sergeant and corporal . sergeant ( not look up ) right you be , tosh . corporal ( with just a shade of : resentment ) he 's barmy . / sergeant he 's all right . : ( he slip from he stool and glance at the flimsy ) good Lord , he have too . corporal what ? sergeant go to see the General . 20 int . junior officer ' club long shot . the junior officer ' Club be a spacious room , long , high , and airy , once ornate , now stripped , but immaculately clean and orderly . one side be of glass and give onto a courtyard . its 20 continue floor be cover in bleach matting : on the wall be steel engravings of old victory , dead Generals and live royalty . furnish with a great many basket chair of uniform pattern it be arrange in symmetrical four round small table with cloth of unbleach linen . there be a bar and a billiard table in the foreground of picture . fan turn . at the bar be two or three officer . one or two other sit at table . two be prepare for snooker . otherwise the be empty . they voice be pleasant and well - modulate . place lawrence appear in the background walk through the Club alongside the glass screen . the secretary ( gibbon ) be chalking he cue at the billuard table . he be a captain and wear a fierce moustache like a circus ring - - master . the other officer be also a captain and be raise the triangular frame from the red when the secretary see lawrence , frown , surprised , and after a fractional hesitation , ~ call : secretary lawrence . : lawrence veer over towards they ; the secretary continue with he cue until lawrence be within a few pace of the tabl secretary you be suppose to be ... do you usually wear you cap in the Club ? the secretary 's tone be not hectore , but on the contrary , low -pitch , to avoid needless embarrassment , and he word e . quite accompany by a serious little smile . lawrence 's tone with the officer will be nervously aggressive , whereas he tone with the b.o.r. 's be comfortable , courteous , and even affectionate . '' lawrence always . lawrence have in fact forget the cap and wish very much that he have not . his eye slide to take in the other officer who stop talk . he relax deliberately . secretary ( still mild , but not smile ) you be suppose to be on duty , be not you ? where be you go ? ' 10 i @ 20 continue ic } lawrence i ( reproving ) / must not talk shop , freddy . not in the | Club . oo { the officer regard he not with animosity , but with decent i . disapproval . ' ns , ' ' lawrence | matter of fact , I be just go for a pow - '' wow with the General . secretary ( reasonably ) I be not ask as you superior , lawrence , I be ask as Secretary of this club. ( reasonably again ) we do not want chap in here when they should be on duty . ( firmly ) where be you go , please ? by way of answer , lawrence , smile knowingly , take the black and flick it across the table . . 21 close up . the black hit the triangle send the ball in all '' : direction . 22 mo . shot . the captain who all this time have be chalking he cue with considerate indifference , look up and say with frank exasperation : & captain I must 's say , lawrence ! : lawrence look at the litter table where the ball still roll in . confusion , and the glitter leave he face . '' lawrence sorry ! and he turn and go , watch by everyone . secretary say c after he , not jeer but firmly : CO secretary you ' be aclown , lawrence . '' at this lawrence turn and say , back : @ =o 22 23 24 25 26 il continue lawrence oh well , we can not all be lion -tamer . and back into a table at which a young lieutenant of yeomanry with a handsome face and butter hair be drink . close up . a half - empty bottle of lager fall over on the table and spill onto the perfect breech . close shot . the lieutenant , with cruel restraint merely put down he glass and look at lawrence . lawrence sorry . - close shot . a awkward pause . lawrence hesitates . but there be nothing to be do . he go . they all look after he in silence , the lieutenant of yeomanry steadily wiping he breech with a handkerchief , the captain start to rearrange the triangle . the secretary turn back to the table say clearly : secretary pretentious oaf . int . general murray' office cairo close shot . general murray be one of that regulation officer whose pride be to appear more regulation than anyone can be . his face be hard and shrewd , he expression exasperate . he be seat at he desk . on the wall behind he be a " illustrate London News " type pen and ink sketch of heavy artillery on the western front . on a ledge under the picture be a collection of empty shell case of vary size . general murray be address dryden , a donnish man with a pale , line , lively face , wear civilian clothes who at this moment have he back to we as he stand look out of a window overlook the garden of the headquarters . murray I smell a intrigue ! a intrigue between the arab Bureau and a junior officer of my staff ! a very junior officer , a insubordinate junior officer , a officer who , so far as I can gather , have prove markedly incompetent in a very junior post ! dryden turn from the window , smile a little at the reference to lawrence 's incompetence , and offer a smile explanation of it . rno nm soo +s ae we et | 12 | '' 26 continue ic I dryden ; he want to go to Arabia , sir . he stroll away from the window towards a chair in front of oo murray 's desk , the camera tracking backward with he ) into a medium shot of the two of they . we now see that dryden be | i carry a copy of the Arabic newspaper . } murray I be aware of that . he 's make application '' for a posting to Arabia once a month ever since he get here . very well then , the arab Bureau come along and say , " we i want a Intelligence man in Arabia . we want you to second we a man in Arabia . jo we think it should be Mr. lawrence . " it 's i a intrigue , drydan , and I do not propose to let a over - ween , finick , crass Lieutenant thumb he nose at he General Officer command , and get away with it ! ~ i ] he loosen the collar of he shirt as dryden smile again , and sit in the chair . dryden ( calmly quizzical ) '' it do not sound as though he would be any great loss , sir . murray now do not try that , drydan . there 's a principle involved . rr > } '' 27 close up . dryden : dryden io ( suddenly quite sharp - i " but still calm ) j there be indeed . he 's no use here in Cairo : and he might be in Arabia . he know he j stuff , sir . ( oc 28 close up . murray . he be a little put out by the moral tone of aan this , which though a shade spinsterish be not less authentic for a ) that . he grumble : oo 28 continue 13 murray know the book you mean . ( " book " be very contemptuous ) I have already send out Colonel Brighton - who be a soldier - and if Brighton think we should send they some small arm then we will . what more d' you want ? 29 mo . shot dryden there would be no question of Lieutenant lawrence give military advice , sir - murray - my God I should hope not ! dryden it 's just that the arab Bureau want its own man on the spot sir , to ... murray ( suspicious ) to what ? dryden to make we own appraisal of the situation . dryden spread he hand deprecatingly as he say this , as one who make a almost childishly small request . but he eye be ready for conflict - he speak for the Bureau - and murray be uneasy . this be a conflict which have be brewing for some time . 30 close up . murray . he look away , fiddel with a ruler . blurt out : murray I may as well tell you . it 's my consider opinion and that of my staff that any time spend on the bedouin will be time waste . they be a nation of sheep stealer ! 31 close up . dryden . he raise and let fall the newspaper . dryden they do attack medina . 31 continue 32 close up . 14 murray ( off ) and the Turks make mincemeat of they . dryden we do not know that , sir . murray . murray we know they do not take it . a storm in a tea-cup , drydan , a side - show ~ ( he brood ) if you want my own opinion , this whole theatre of operation be a side - show . the real war 's be fight against the Germans not the Turks . not here , but on the western Front ... in the trenches ! ( he eye glow and we see for a moment how he long to be there organise mass attack through mud ) and you " bedouin Army " or whatever it call itself - would be a side - show of a side - show ! 33 close up . dryden . he be smile again . dryden Big thing have small beginning , sir . 34 close shot . murray dart a quick look at he and rise . murray and do the arab Bureau want a big thing in Arabia ? if they rise against the Turks , do the Bureau think they be go to sit down quietly under we when this war 's over ? dryden the Bureau think the job of the moment be to win the war . murray ( flush , walk back to he desk ) do not tell I my duty , Mr. drydan . 2 '' 35 36 37 38 15 close shot . the door be open bya staff major . behind he we see lawrence stand in the outer office . he move forward as soon as he be announce . major lawrence , sir . murray ( off ) send he in . lawrence brushes past the major and walk into the room . lawrence ( cheerfully ) good morning , sir . close shot . murray murray salute ! close shot . lawrence come to a halt near dryden and salute , very badly , he leg not quite together , and throw a side - long glance at dryden expect approbation , but dryden shake he head quickly , somewhat to lawrence 's surprise . mo . shot . the group . murray have be look at lawrence , ready to be enraged , but with something not unlike caution , but he intercept the look at dryden and explode . murray if you be insubordinate with I , lawrence , I will put you under arrest ! lawrence ( apparently crestfallen ) it 's my manner , sir . murray ( bark , suspicious ) what ? lawrence my manner , sir . it look insubordinate , but it be not really . murray be again baffle by he own lack of imagination and lawrence 's apparent innocence . he move uneasily . 38 continue 16 murray I can not make out whether you be bloody bad - mannered or just half - witted . lawrence ( confidentially ) I have the same trouble , sir . murray ( thumping the table ) shut up ! lawrence yes , sir . murray the arab Bureau seem to think you could be some use to they in Arabia . why , I can not imagine . you do not seem able to perform you present duty properly . lawrence ( smile , he quote - not mockingly , but as don do quote , en passant ) " I can not fiddle but I can make a great state from a little city . " murray _ ( suspicious , bark ) what ? lawrence ( delicately helpful ) themistocles , sir . a Greek philosopher . murray I know you have be well educate , lawrence ; it say so in you dossier . he push back he chair , rise , and walk to a window . 39 close shot . lawrence and dryden . lawrence raise he eyebrow and smile enquiringly at dryden , but dryden frown and gesture with he hand that he be to simmer down . 40 41 42 43 . 17 close shot . murray stand look out of the window . a swirl of dust blow by outside . murray 's face be dark with all the extrovert 's loathing of the sensitive and introspective . he say , slowly and with great sincerity : murray you be the kind of creature I can not stand , lawrence ... but I suppose I could be wrong . all right , drydan . close up . lawrence murray ( off ) + + , you can have he for six week . lawrence 's face light up , but almost immediately he compose himself . close shot . murray have turn around eyeing lawrence heavily . . murray who know ! it might even make a man of he . ( in answer to a knock at the door ) come in ! long shot . the door open and the staff major enter excitedly with a sheaf of bill . murray what be it , hawthorn ? major navy signal , sir . the convoy 's come in tomorrow night . murray ( real joy ) be that certain ? major yes sir ... there do not seem to be any artillery . murray 's joy change to anxiety . he snatch the paper . murray there must be artillery ! este ttmemtenee not 18 '' 43 continue io i dryden and lawrence have be forget . i : dryden i ( firmly ) oo it 's something of a expedition , sir . he : have get to get to yenbo , find transport , 6 find the Arabs , and then get back . he fo5 . can not do that in six week . ° 1 '' murray | two month then . | , dryden i Three . | '' murray all right , three ! now let I do some work , drydan . . and immediately he attention be back on the papers . ew a dryden thank you , sir . dryden leave , beckone to lawrence to follow , but : ' lawrence remain . he address murray 's bent head . he be sincere and correspondingly awkward . lawrence : I would like to say , sir , that lam grateful for .... '' murray shut up and get out . 44 close shot . lawrence . his expression be hurt , then viciously i resentful ; then be replace by he habitual protective mockery . : '' the camera pan with he as he go to the door and turn : i lawrence Sir ! of 45 close shot . murray andthe major . they both look up . ~ 46 close shot . lawrence . he perform a slow -motion parody | CO of the regulation army salute and go . lb 3 have eoaie . '' 6 é oo of ad oo 19 47 close shot . murray and the major . even before the door have close murray be search rapidly through the bill of lading . he come to the end and start again , more and more frantically . suddenly he cry out in real distress . murray oh , how can I fight a bloody war without bloody artillery ? int . corridor 48 close tracking shot . dryden and lawrence . the camera be tracking on a close shot of dryden . lawrence run up behind he . lawrence oh , shabash , drydan ! dryden avoid he and continue walk . dryden ( reproving ) he 's not a bad chap , lawrence . . lawrence no he 's not a bad chap , he 's a fool . ( grin in anticipation ) how do you do it ? dryden again avoid he and go on walk . dryden you might better ask I why I bother to . at. this lawrence fall into step beside he , and although he word be still flippant he face begin to assume its expression of stiff and bitter withdrawal . lawrence because I be the man for the job . dryden ( look straight ahead ) I just wonder about that . lawrence of course I be the man for the job . what be the job , by the way ? C ) 48 49 20 continue dryden ( pause beside a door ) find Prince feisal . dryden open the door and they enter . int . dryden' office mo . shot . this be a room at once similar to but utterly different from general murray be . it be elegantly furnish and carpete , the room of a cultivate xenophile . there be picture of ancient desert monument and fragment of carve . lawrence good . and when I have find he ? dryden find out what kind of man he be . find out - ( he gaze wander somewhat ) - what he intention be . I do not mean he immediate intention - that 's Colonel Brighton 's business , not yours . I mean he intention in Arabia altogether . lawrence appreciate the significance of this . he walk away a little and come to rest with he hand on a fragment of stone . lawrence oh that 's nice ... dryden agree . lawrence put down the piece of stone . lawrence where be they now ? dryden anywhere within 300 mile of medina . they're hashemite bedouin , they can cross 60 mile of desert in a day . lawrence throw back he head in silent rapture . lawrence oh , thanks drydan . this be go to be fun ! ! | 21 49 continue 50 51 52 dryden lawrence , only two kind of creature get ' fun 's in the desert , bedouin ... and - ( he gaze wander round the photograph of silent sun - ~ scorched figure and the fragment of stone ) ~ god . and you be neither . take it from I for ordinary man it 's a burn fiery furnace . dryden be irritably tapping a black Russian cigarette for himself . lawrence step forward , take a box of match and light it for he . lawrence ( very quietly ) no , drydan , it 's go to be fun . ' the set intensity of he expression be in utter contradiction to he word . close up . dryden . he look from the burn match in lawrence 's finger to lawrence 's face . dryden ( rather sourly ) it be recognize that you have a funny sense of fun . close up . lawrence . he smile and raise the flame to he lip . he bow it out in the normal manner , dissolve to sunrise in the desert : a series of shot take with a under - cranke camera so that the change from grey dawn to brilliant sunlight be speed . the audience should be unaware of the trick process , but from the first appearance of the sun over the horizon and the casting of the first shadow there should be a constant sense of movement as the sun rise higher and higher and the shadow grow short and short . prominent in the composition of almost every shot should be the footprint of two camel . we do not see the actual camel until the series of under - cranke shot be finish and we CUT to 22 53 close shot . the SUN , now a searing white . on \) 54 longshot . a brilliantly light desert vista of sand and rock . the tiny figure of two men on camel appear over a distant ridge . 55 close shot . the camel come toahalt . they be ride by lawrence , who be dress in regulation british uniform , and tafas , he arab guide , who wear the robe of a hazimi of the beni Salem . the two men scan the horizon . 56 longshot . a vast romantic landscape of sand , rock and blue sky . 57 close shot . lawrence and tafas . almost involuntarily lawrence take in a deep breath of air . tafas here you may drink , one cup . lawrence unstrap a tin army mug and fill it from he water bottle . he be about to drink and then stop . lawrence you do not drink ? tafas ! no. i iy lawrence I will drink when you do . lawrence begin to return the ' water to the bottle . tafas '' ( grunt and shrug ) iam bedu . dissolve to 58 long shot . a mud flat under floating dust . ( but the mud flat should be break by rock and not comparable to the nefud mud flat later , and the dust not comparable to either the opaque wall of the dust - storm nor the weird effect of sinai . this be , as it be , a mere introduction to and explanation of the phenomenon . ) 59 mo . tracking shot . lawrence and tafas emerge well powder from one small cloud into clarity . tafas tie he headcloth round he mouth . lawrence spit out dust while tafas be do this and tafas look at he . they be obscure have again . ~ eo 60 61 62 63 64 23 mo . tracking shot . they emerge . tafas offer to lawrence a bit of rag , intimate in mime that he should tie it over he mouth . lawrence hesitates . they be obscure again . mo . tracking shot . they emerge , lawrence with the rag tie over he mouth . camera pan with they . long shot . they . ride away from we towards the next cloud which distantly drift down towards they . dissolve to mo . shot . it be evening and the two camel be approach the long shadow of a circle of juniper bush and high shelter rock which frame a secluded hollow of soft multi-coloured sand . the camel be bring to a halt . close shot . tafas and lawrence tafas we will sleep here . the camel be make to kneel and tafas dismount . for a moment lawrence remain in the saddle ease he aching back , then , anxious to hide he discomfiture , he climb stiffly out of the saddle only to find that stand be even more painful . tafas have untied he water skin and bring it to lawrence . tafas ( smile ) and now we will both drink . lawrence undoe he cup and hold it out . tafas ( pour the water ) you do well ... auren . lawrence lawrence . tafas auren . lawrence raise he cupto he . they both drink . 65 close shot . a red sun low on the horizon . dissolve to bas afd sot reet inane py > J ic 66 67 68 69 70 71 24 long shot . a huge cliff of dazzle white sand lead up to a ridge back by deep blue sky . after a few moment the small figure of the two mounted men appear over the crest . close shot . tafas signal a halt and both men stare down at the landscape below . long shot . a wide and empty plateau with mountain in the distance . close shot . tafas point out ahead , but see nothing , lawrence unsling a old pair of binocular and raise they to he eye . long shot ( binocular effect ) a caravan of four camel move across the plateau towards the mountain . close shot . tafas be look at they intently , but find lawrence 's regard upon he he give a quick explanatory grin and say , with the off-handedness of one belittling he own anxiety , for he own comfort . tafas from here to Lord feisal 's camp be harith country . lawrence I know . tafas ( he attention go back to the distant rider ) iam not harith ... lawrence ( indicate some detail of he dress ) no , hazimi , of the beni Salem . tafas nastonish and pleased , look at lawrence ) aye ! but immediately he pleasure fade , and as he urge he beast forward , he be again gaze thoughtfully towards the caravan ... dissolve to ec 72 73 25 | close shot . Little gust of wind be blow sand across the ember of last night 's fire . camera , draw back , reveal tafas and lawrence , both squatted , Durham - miner fashion , by : the fire in identical posture , absorb , eat ; then they kneel i camel . saddle and saddle bag pile before lawrence and | tafas on the other side of the fire . CUT back from this again to : close shot . tafas be eat a fist full of rancid mutton fat . j lawrence be eat thin arrowroot biscuit which he extract | from they packet and eat as neatly as if he be in a vicarage . between they on the sand be lawrence 's shine tin mug , and whatever nasty receptacle such a person as . tafas might use . silence prevail . tafas ' eye flick intently from time to time to lawrence 's revolver on the pile of lawrence 's equipment . ( close shot on this ) lawrence from time to time , watch the brisk progression of fat from tafas ' hand to mouth . his expression be in no way disgust . he be wonder if he could do it . absently he take up he mug . it be empty . tafas quickly offer he own which be half full . it be rimmed with mutton fat . lawrence gently reject it . tafas look at it for a moment and replace it on the ground . lawrence disapprove of himself . tafas address liis jaw to the mutton and he eye to the revolver . lawrence take it . tafas ( stop eat and look at lawrence . as one who explain the nature of a commercial contract ) I , take you to Lord feisal . then you give it to I . lawrence ( nod to show he comprehension ) take it now . he give the pistol to tafas , who , eye shine , wipe he finger on he clothes and take it reverently as though it be ceramic and he a connoisseur . wordlessly he thrust it into he belt . he look at lawrence with a complex of emotion struggle beneath he rudimentary feature . he take up he fat and have a brilliant idea . he hold it out eagerly . but he smile vanish as he remember the incident of the mug . he laugh deprecatingly at the mutton ... 73 14 75 26 continue tafas bedu food . ( ... and rather sadly draw it back again ) lawrence thrust out he hand and take apiece and put ' it in he mouth , watch anxiously by tafas . there be no comedy , and from the steely concentration of he face we see that the flesh be indeed mortify . lawrence good . tafas ( very pleased , thrust out the fat ) more ? lawrence gravely take some more . dissolve to extreme long shot . ( helicopter ) the desert be nowa firm and level plain . at first we see nothing but the sweep of the empty desert , then we perceive two tiny move object far below - move towards the camera . the camera begin to descend towards they , and as they increase in size , we see two shadow , two camel , two rider . the camera keep boring in , and we identify lawrence and tafas canter along at a good clip . close tracking shot . lawrence be still awkward on he mount and tafas be give he riding tip as they move along . lawrence 's confidence grow , and the camera pan and track with he as he urge the camel into a gallop . the camel describe a erratic circle which bring lawrence back alongside tafas . lawrence know he have do well , and raise he eyebrow , amused by he own greed for praise . tafas ( genuinely approve ) I think we reach masturah well - tomorrow ! lawrence yes ? tafas and from masturah well to Lord feisal 's camp , one day more . I io 15 ic | ° | ( ' 16 17 18 79 80 81 82 83 27 continue tafas ( cont ) ( as a teacher who desire he pupil to repeat a exercise , he look at lawrence , he posture and grip of he rein , and ) now ! lawrence obediently put he beast into acanter , taf as follow . mo . shot . ( helicopter ) the camera pull back and up , as the canter become a gallop - higher and higher - until the tiny figure , now move away from camera , be lose to view . close shot . the white hot sun of noon . close shot the parched surface of a mud flat baked by the sun into a flatten honeycomb . tracking close up . the camera be close on the face of lawrence and tafas which be outline against the pattern of the mud flat which slip by below they . lawrence 's skin be the fiery red of the sunburnt european , and the fold of he headcloth and the crease of he skin be powder with fine dust . they ride in silence . long shot . we see now that the two rider be crossing a long and ndrrow mud flat enclose by tall black cliff of rock . close tracking shot . tafas be again scan the horizon before they with narrow eye . he grunt and point . tafas the well . ( but he be less interested in this than in whatever else he be again scan for ) close shot . a brilliant circle of blue sky frame in black . the face of lawrence and tafas appear on the edge of the circle . a bucket hurtlés down towards camera , and with a loud splash , break the reflection in the still water at the bottom of a well . mo . shot . the top of the well be situate on the edge of the mud flat . as tafas begin to haul up the bucket he glance carefully all round the horizon . . lawrence , notice this , do the same - but es 83 84 85 86 87 88 28 continue they see nothing . tafas regains the bucket , pour some water into lawrence 's tin cup , then raise the bucket to he own lip . they both drink . tafas good ? lawrence ( with a half - smile ) it 's all right . tafas ( the idea be new to he , but he look into he bucket , catch on , and with the patronize indulgence proper between two civilized gentleman for the weakness of the primitive ) this be a harith well . ( with hypocritical regret ) the harith be a dirty people . ( he drink greedily ) with another look round the horizon he go over to a small trough and pour out the remainder of the water for the camel . as the camel drink , lawrence stroll over to a little patch of sand and lazily sit watch tafas as he return to the well and drop the bucket into it . a splash echoe up from below . close shot . lawrence begin to whistle to himself . ( the man who break the Bank " 's ) .as he drift off into a little daydream . the sound of the bucket be hear bump up the side of the well - then it stop . there be a moment 's silence follow by a heavy splash . lawrence look up . close up . tafas be stand stock still look out over the mud flat . close up . lawrence turn to see what he be look at . long shot . a little dust cloud be approach at a distance of about half a mile , float above the mirage . mo . shot . lawrence rise , and slowly go over to tafas . they stand together stare out over the flat . rno a 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 29 long shot . a black blob waver out of the centre of the dust cloud . it could be a man run , a man on horse , a man ona camel , almost anything . close shot . lawrence and tafas . lawrence Turks ? tafas do not answer . long shot . the blob be now recognisable as a horse or a camel , but elongate , as if on stilt by the mirage . close up . lawrence and tafas . a moment 's pause . tafas bedu . without look at lawrence , he hurry off . mo . shot . as tafas leave lawrence and go over to he camel the approach figure out on the mud flat be now clearly see : as a arab mount on a camel . close up . tafas unhitch he gun from the side of the camel , and keep close into animal , stand still , wait ... long shot . the approach stranger be now quite near ... he wear a black hood cloak with a black cloth draw across he face . close shot . tafas be stand in the foreground of picture , while lawrence wait , puzzle and apprehensive by the well . tafas mask he face with he headcloth . lawrence who be he ? tafas cock he pistol . lawrence ( sharply ) tafas : quick close shot . tafas , mask . his eye frighten . deaf to lawrence . quick mo . shot . at a distance of some 125 yard the stranger be tapping he camel into a kneel position . as he reach the ground he draw he rifle from the saddle holster . 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 30 continue lawrence tafas , let I - close shot . with a sudden movement taf as step out from the side of he camel , raise he pistol and fire . mo . shot . the stranger drop to the ground behind he camel . there be another shot . tafas remain as still as a statue in the foreground of picture . close up . lawrence , freeze in place , numbe by the unexpected eruption of violence . long shot . the three men remain completely still . then , tafas ' gun fall to the ground with a clatter , and very slowly he sag at the knee and crumple into a heap beside it . lawrence run over to the body . close shot . lawrence stand look down at the dead man , , and then raise he eye to the mud flat . . : long shot . the stranger rise to he foot , reload he rifle , and mount he camel . close up . lawrence go down on he haunch by tafas , keep he eye on ali . mo . shot . lawrence stand with he back to camera in the foreground of picture . in the background the stranger ride slowly towards he and finally come to a halt on the other side of the dead man . after a glance to make sure that tafas be dead he thrust he rifle into the saddle holster , unwind he headcloth , and leap gracefully to the ground . he be a handsome young man of about lawrence 's age ; a impressive figure in both bear and costume . he pick up the pistol . he examine it . ali '' be this pistol yours , English ? lawrence no , he . so ali stuff it complacently into he own waistband and approach the well follow by he camel . he pick up the tin mug which be lie on the wall of the trough . ali his ? 31 106 continue lawrence mine . ali ( as one who confer a compliment ) then I will use it . he scoops a little water from the trough and do so , lawrence turn tafas onto he back . ali he be dead . lawrence leave tafas and approach ali . lawrence yes . why ? ali this be my well . lawrence I have drunk from it . ali ( politely ) you be welcome . they look at one another . neither of they frighten but in mutual incomprehension . ali ( comforting ) he be nothing , English . lawrence then why kill he ? ali he be nothing . the well be every - thing . and it be mine . I be sherif Ali Ibn El kharish . lawrence ( this be real news evidently , and make lawrence 's mood more thoughtful ) I have hear of you . 32 CD 106 continue '' o i ali } ( pleased ) | so ? ' | | oo lawrence i ( indignation rise . spontaneously ) ' I have not hear you be a murderer . ali '' ( after a little pause . quietly ) you be angry , English . | j lawrence j he be my friend . ali | ( look at tafas ) ( look at lawrence ) lawrence that ? yes , that . ali raise he fine eyebrow , but politely refrain from comment . lawrence find himself defend he humanitarian position , which make he the more angry . lawrence he be take I to help Prince feisal ! i ali : ( mount and call back ) he be a hazimi of the beni Salem . the : bes beni Salem be blood enemy to the harith . 1g they may not drink at we well . | ( shrug ) he know that . ali raise he head in salute and turn he camel back on.to the c mud flat . 7 , lawrence ( call after he ) sherif Ali ! so long as the Arabs fight } tribe against tribe , so long will they be : ' a little people . rc ( ob oo 33 107 close up . lawrence , emphasize every word . lawrence for a silly people ! greedy , barbarous , and cruel - as you be ! ali ride out of picture , leave the screen fill with blue sky . Music begin . the camera pan downward revealing a different location - a barren desert landscape , across which lawrence be riding , lead tafas ' empty camel behind he . dissolve to 108 extreme long shot . lawrence and he two camel have now enter a area of spectacular and magnificent scenery . High red cliff tower above sparkling white sand and give the landscape a atmosphere of incredible grandeur and beauty . 109 mo . shot . the camera pan down a great face of rock , follow the echo , and come to rest on a close shot of a man dress in the uniform of a british Colonel . he be sit on a boulder , watch . his camel graze a few yard behind . 110 long shot . the distant figure of lawrence and he two camel from the colonel 's viewpoint . 111 close shot .. lawrence hear a parade - ground voice shouting he name . he halt he camel and look around . from the shadow of the rock in the far back ground , the figure of the colonel , now mount on a camel , come out into the sunlight . dissolve to 112 mo . shot . the camera pan with the colonel as he trot he camel over to join lawrence . he isvery military , but intelligent and hard - bitten . when he speak it be rapidly , as a man who know he own mind and have something on it . his name be brighton . he ride up alongside lawrence into a twoshot . brighton ( hostile ) I have be wait for you . lawrence ( surprised ) do you know I be come ? brighton I know someone be 's come . feisal tell I . ; } '' oy a oo ! | | '' poe ) ) i 8 112 continue . 34 lawrence ( interested ) how do he know ? brighton not much happen within fifty mile of feisal that feisal do not know . I will give he that . no escort ? lawrence my guide be kill at the matsurah well . brighton ( alert ) Turks ? ' lawrence no , a arab . brighton ( with real distaste , gloomy ) bloody savage ... lawrence ( cool ) this be wadi safra be not it ? brighton yes , they be over there . ( indicate with a jerk of the head a evident declivity into which we can not see . then , as lawrence be eagerly about to move forward , he check he flatly ) just one moment , lawrence . ( irritably curious ; he sense of professional etiquette be outrage ) now ~- who send you ? lawrence I have be seconded to the arab Bureau . brighton ( he face clear . this have explain all ) o-o-oh . cc 35 112 continue brighton ( cont ) ( the exclamation demonstrate he relief that lawrence be in such a weak position as that ) and what be you to do for the arab Bureau ? ( a thousand mess room joke be he authority for this attitude of patronize amusement ) lawrence ( explicitly earnest and polite in ratio to brighton 's implicit rudeness ) . it 's rather vague actually , sir , I be to '' appreciate the situation 's . the parody of the Public School subaltern do not go unnotice . brighton look at he cautiously , but lawrence 's face be studiously innocent . brighton ( grunt ) that will not be difficult , the situation 's bloody awful . ( he dig irritably in the sand with a bit of stick ) they morale - if they ever have any morale , which I doubt - the Turks knock it out of they in front of medina , : _ ( the irritation be replace by abrood sadness ) with howitzer . they be fade away by dozen every night . and what I want to say to you be this : ( he recite with considerable dignity he simple creed ) wherever you be , and whoever you be " with " you be a british serve Officer . and here 's anorder . when we get into that camp , you will keep you mouth - shut . d' you understand what I be say ? lawrence ( cheerfully ) yes sir , I understand what you be say . ( it be impudently equivocal , and have no trace of obedience ) 3 36 112 continue brighton ( crisply , throw away he stick and prepare to rise ) you will make you appreciation and get back to ~ and then , crouch springily on he heel , he freeze and break off and the vitality drain from he face . the organ note of low fly aircraft approach and he eye be haunt as he utter the trench - soldier 's prayer . brighton oh my God , not again ... the noise gather , two explosion set the cliff thunder . brighton and lawrence rush to control they panic- - stricken animal and look up as : : 113 long shot . a turkish bi-plane shoot upwards from behind a cliff , climb steeply . the camera pan with it as it roar overhead and bank into a sharp turn . 114 close up . brighton and lawrence turn around as they hear the sound of a second engine . 115 long shot . another plane roar over the cliff-top . 116 close shot . the camel buck and rear . brighton get he , under control , then lawrence , who be look up at : 117 long shot . the first plane complete its turn and go into a shallow dive . the camera pan with it until it disappear behind the cliff . 118 close tracking shot . lawrence and brighton riding for the camp . brighton be talk vehemently - to himself rather than lawrence - and glaring straight ahead . brighton I have tell he ! God know I have tell he ! " move South " I have say , ' ' ' you be still in range ! '' they simply will not realize what modern weapon do ! 119 longshot . the screen be obscure by a cloud of drift smoke anddust . as it clear , a large bedouin camp of some one hundred black tent be disclose - now a scene of absolute pandemonium and chaos . amidthe casualty , men struggle to recapture loose animal and women search for they child , while chicken , goat oo ' 3 | 37 119 continue and donkey stampede among the tent . there be the sound of the second plane scream down ina dive . the human freeze where they stand , and look up . 120 long shot . the diving plane . 121 mo . shot . bedouin scatter to leave and right - out of the way of the bombing run . 122 mo . shot . the plane swoops overhead . a bomb plummet downward . 123 mo . shot . a tent disappear inthe flash of a explosion . 124 mo . shot . the plane sweep away over a dune . its shadow race up to meet it on the crest and it vanish over the top . 125 mo . shot . frightened bedouin stagger against a curtain of drift black smoke . as it begin to clear , a prophet - like figure mount on a white horse come riding out from the darkness . this be feisal . he ride towards camera against the stream of men and animal , wheeling he horse in a effort to calm the panic . he shout as he ride . feisal stand and fight ! the camera track with he as he shake he rifle at the sky . feisal Fire back at they ! 126 mo . shot . the first plane , now very low , come diving in over the dune . ~ 127 close shot . feisal raise he rifle . 128 mo . shot . a flash of the plane as its machine - gun open fire . 129 close shot . feisal shoot vainly at the sky as the noise of the engine deafen he , a line of bullet lash the sand behind he , and the black shadow of the plane sweep over and leave he before he can turn to shoot again . 130 long shot . the plane sweep away over the dust - laden camp , its machine gun fire among the panicked bedouin , who run in every direction . fo eerie '' so 181 close shot . feisal , he pale face contort with rage , shake he rifle at the retreate plane in a impotent gesture of defiance . the approach drine of the second plane make himturn . the : : machine gun open fire . his horse rear . ! | 132 mo . shot . a flash of the plane , its gun blaze . | 133 med.shot .. the shadow of the plane sweep across the sand . feisal beat he mare into a gallop and , flat out , he white robe stream behind he , he chase the dark shadow in a mad and hopeless race . as the plane rapidly draw away he pull up he horse . 134 close shot . surrounded by swirl dust , feisal be a noble and ' tragic figure as he sit bolt upright on he tremble foam - fleck | mare stare after the plane . 135 long shot . the two plane fly away into the distance . 136 close shot . as the drine of the plane die away , so feisal droops in the saddle . in the background the shattered camp stir to life . men and women run to and for , swiftly load they belong - ing onto pack - camel . feisal be absorb in he own despair , gaze down at the ground . after a few moment he brace himself as one who prepare to shoulder once again a intolerable burden . he throw back he head and assume a public face , but at once he ' gaze be arrest . 137 close shot ... lawrence look down at he from a blank blue frame , with compassion certainly but more , with devour interest . 138 close shot . feisal look up at he ; he head slightly tilt , enquiringly . feisal ( straight -forwardly interrogative - no " significance " please ) who be you ? 189 close shot . brighton ina blue frame . brighton Lieutenant lawrence , sir , seconded to the arab Bureau . this be a bloody mess sir . we will have to move south - 140 close shot . feisal look up at brighton . he interrupt with the savagery of he self - reproach . lo 39 140 continue feisal yes , yes , Colonel - fifty mile south - you be right and I be wrong . ( he gaze shift ; he be look at lawrence _ and as though to he he say ) we must take some think for the wounded ... 141 close shot . lawrence as before . on SOUND track brighton say : brighton ( over ) we can take care of they at yenbo sir . feisal ( over ) if they can get to yenbo . brighton ( over ) ( impatient ) they can hardly come with we sir ! 142 close shot . feisal look up as before . feisal no . they must try to reach yenbo . ‘... Lieutenant - ? 143 close shot . lawrence as before . lawrence lawrence ... 144 mo . shot . the three feisal you understand Lieutenant lawrence my people be ... unused to explosive and ... machine ... ( he gaze about ) first the gun ... now this ... he be suddenly choke with emotion , turn on he heel and go towards the scattered tent , walk . a arab take he horse which he have forget , and lead it after he . ( 40 145 close shot . lawrence and brighton . lawrence look after feisal : brighton look at lawrence , uneasily , and frown . dissolve to 146 extreme longshot . night . a great bedouin caravan , with they flock and herd , wind out from the high cliff and rock into the open desert . dissolve to 147 long shot . day . the caravan be now sprawle out over a bleak and featureless terrain . 148 mo . tracking shot . brighton and corporal jenkins , he orderly , be riding several yard in front of lawrence , who , with a map case on he knee , be note the course of the caravan . surround the three european be a move mass of goat , sheep , camel , women on foot and in howdah , child , warrior , and baggage camel - a biblical scene of exodus . 149 close up . lawrence raise the compass to he eye and look through it . 150 mo . shot . as see through the marking of the compass the camera track behind the upright figure of feisal mount on he white mare and flanke by he two negro slave anda standard bearer . 151 close up . lawrence lower the compass and mark a position onthe map . hear a sudden burst of shouting and laughter he look up . 152 mo . tracking shot . from behind a forest of march camel leg a infuriate goatherd be shouting at two boy in the fore - ground of picture . one of the boy be try to ride a buck and protest ram , while the other , roaring with laughter , be try to keep he on . the ram eventually throw the rider on to the ground just as the goatherd spring out and proceed to lay about they both with he stick . the boy escape among the camel only to be meet by another series of blow from the rider . the camera track with they down the line until they finally reach a peaceful haven beside lawrence . for a few pace they march in silence rub they tender back , then , with a win smile , daud , the tougher of the two , look up at lawrence . daud ( miming ) cigarette ? yo o gb 41 152 continue lawrence ( smile ) sorry . ( he spread he hand . then return to he map ) daud . look up , interested , but the other imp , farraj , nudge he and point to the two rider ahead . they run forward out of the picture . 158 mo . tracking shot . brighton and jenkins . the two boy appear on either side of jenkins ' camel . daud cigarette , you excellency ? jenkins ' umph off ! farraj look up at the corporal with he soft swim eye , and raise he hand in a gesture of prayer . farraj please , you excellency . just one for two . the corporal relent and throw down a cigarette packet . the boy leap on it , only to find that itis empty . the corporal laugh . there be a exchange of look between the two boy , and the camera drop back with they as they take up a position immediately behind the corporal 's camel . with the deftness of long practice , farraj daintily lift the camel 's tail and daud ram he stick home . the camel roar and take off . 154 close shot . brighton , shouting after the corporal . brighton hold it , Jenkins ! 155 close shot . jenkins fall to the ground with a thud . 156 close shot . daud and farraj walk along with study ' innocence . they hear someone laugh and turn . 157 close up . lawrence see the two imp look at he , and check he laughter . 158 mo . shot . take advantage of he appreciation , the two boy fall in beside lawrence 's camel . C ) 158 continue 42 daud auren ? lawrence auren . daud you have no orderly . lawrence I do not need a orderly . farraj ( consider this ) no ? we can do everything - light fire - cook food - wash clothes - daud ~ yes everything . farraj it will be very nice for you . lawrence I can not afford it . '' this be unanswerable . the boy grimace sympathetically and lawrence urge he camel forward out of picture . we stay on the two boy look about for fresh world to conquer . dissolve to 159 long shot . sunset . the new camp have be set up beneath a protect ring of smooth rock and high bank of sand at the edge of a remote plateau . the smoke of the fire rise straight into the air , and.one by one , light appear in the large and most central of the , bedouin tent . on the height above the camp , the tiny figure of sentries be silhouett against the soft glow of the sunset . it be a scene of great tranquility after the noise and bustle of the previous sequence . : 160 long shot . from they angle , the camp . 161 mo . shot . int . feisal 's tent . though large , it be a plain black tent like the other , very sparsely " furnish " , though a carpet be essential . present be feisal , brighton , lawrence and the reciter , to whom they be listen , brighton with a gentlemanly self - control which shriek impatience , feisal head back , eye close , lawrence head down , face hide . eo 43 161 continue reciter ' recite then as much of the Koran as may be easy to you . God knoweth that there be some among you sick while other travel through the earth and other do battle in his cause . recite therefore as much as may be easy . and seek ye forgiveness of god. verily God be forgive , merciful . during this recital ( which can of course be lengthen or shorten as necessary ) ali enter back to camera see by feisal whose eye - flick open , unseen by lawrence or brighton , who face feisal . when the recital be finish . feisal greeting , Ali . lawrence and brighton turn surprised , lawrence 's expression change . with he , we recognize ali . ali ( salaam to feisal ) my lord . brighton ( a curt greeting ) sherif . ali salaam silently to brighton . his hostile eye return to lawrence . feisal clap ‘his hand . ali sit , not take he eye from lawrence . feisal Lieutenant lawrence , you have meet sherif Ali , I think . lawrence ( very dry ) yes my lord . in answer to feisal 's clap a servant appear and serve ali with coffee , while : feisal and now selim , " the brightness " . '' e B 44 161 continue reciter by the noon day brightness and by the night when it darkeneth , thy Lord hath not forsaken thee neither hath he be displease . brighton exhibit impatience when the reciter recommence . feisal , see this , smile gently , lay a hand on the reciter 's wrist and finish for he : feisal and surely the future shall be better for thee than the past - lawrence - and in the end shall you Lord be bounteous to thee and thou be satisfied . 162 reaction shot . brighton surprised , feisal surprised and pleased . feisal ( look at lawrence ) so ? 163 reaction shot . ali 's eye flick suspiciously from feisal to lawrence , they smile at one another . feisal take in ali , rampant bedouin , brighton , european couchant . he sigh . feisal yes , Colonel . brighton I want a decision , sir . feisal you want I to fall back on yenbo , Colonel . brighton well you be not do much good here sir ! ... sorry to rub it in sir , but - ( burst out ; he have be over this ground a dozen time ) we can not supply you here sir ! feisal you could supply we through akaba ! 7 45 for o 163 continue } brighton ( astonished ) akaba ! ( angry ) 9 ° oh well if you can get hold of akaba sir of course we can supply you . but you can not ! feisal you could . I : brighton : ( incredulous ) you mean the navy ? the Turks have lo twelve inch gun at akaba sir - can you _ imagine what that mean ? feisal ( heavily ; deject ) twelve inch . yes , I can imagine . be . of brighton ( more gently ) put that out of you mind sir ; the navy 's get other thing to do . ww a ) } feisal | ah yes . protect the Suez Canal . ; brighton 5 ( as one who state I the obvious ) i the one essential sector of this Front be and must be the Canal . you see that sir , surely ? oo feisal I see that the Canal be a essential british interest . it be of little consequence to we . brighton cg I must ask you not to talk like that sir . . the british and arab interest be one ' and the same . feisal possibly . 0 alilaugh sharply . brighton be disgust . 163 continue ~ feisal : 46 brighton upon my word sir you be ungrateful . fall back on yenbo and we will give you equipment ! we will give you arm , advice , training , everything : feisal ( quickly ) gun ? brighton a modern rifle for every man . feisal ( passionately ) no : gun ! artillery ! gun like the turkish gun at medina ! ali ( loung , sneering ) yes ; give we gun ; and keep the training . brighton you man need training far more than gun sir . ali ( laugh ) the british will teach the bedouin how to fight ? brighton we will teach they sherif Ali , to fight a modern mechanize army ! lawrence make a involuntary movement , suppress ' it , but feisal Lieutenant ? what do you think of yenbo ? lawrence I think it be far from Damascus . . } feisal and ali react to this . so do brighton , alarmed . brighton we will have you in Damascus sir , never fear - wes '' to o at 163 continue feisal ( scan lawrence with interest ) have you be in Damascus , Mr. lawrence ? lawrence yes my lord . feisal it be beautiful , be it not ? lawrence very . neither ali nor brighton like this rapport . ali sit up , against a pole ; this stranger must be watch . brighton say , quietly but compellingly : brighton that will do , lawrence . ( sternly , to feisal ) dream will not get you to Damascus , sir . ( kindly , persuasively ) but discipline will . while brighton go on , cut to ali and lawrence in silent con - frontation , cut back to brighton only for the last two beat : brighton now look sir , great Britain be a small country - much smaller than yours . small population compare with some . it 's small but it 's great . and why - ? ali because it have gun ! brighton because it have discipline ! feisal because it have a navy . because of this the English go where they please and strike where they please , and this make they great . lawrence ( quietly ) right . have : 163 continue 48 feisal look to he again . at once the storm break . brighton lawrence that will do ! ( quick , before feisal can speak ) Lieutenant lawrence be not you military advisor sir ! feisal but I should like to hear he opinion . lawrence open he mouth . brighton jump down it . feisal remain absolutely unmove , maintain towards lawrenc !: brighton goddammit lawrence , from whom do you take you order ? reciter from Lord feisal , in feisal 's tent . ali Old fool ! why turn from he ( Brighton ) to he ? ( lawrence ) they be master and 7 man . a attitude of polite attention , lawrence know he be crossing the rubicon . lawrence my lord ... I think ... I think you Book be right . ( he point to the Koran . feisal cock he head enquiringly ) " the desert be a ocean in which no oar be dip " . and on this ocean the bedu go where they please and strike where they please ... this be the way the bedu have always fight ... you be fame throughout the world for fight in this way . and this be the way you should fight now . ali agree with every word of this and be render trebly suspicious . brighton can barely comprehend such atrocious insubordination . 49 163 continue brighton ( disgust , as one who give up ) well I do not know ... lawrence ( distress ) I be sorry sir - but you be wrong ! ; ( he turn to feisal ) i fall back on yenbo sir and the arab rising become one poor unit in the i british Army . ali ( wild with jealousy and suspicion ) what be this to you ? brighton lawrence , do you know that you be a traitor ? feisal no no ~ he be a young man , Colonel , and young man be passionate . they must say they say ; but wiser people must decide . I know you be right . i brighton ( curtly ) ; very well , sir , when shall we move ? the sooner the better sir , you will lose another fifty man tonight . feisal ) ( stung ) you tread heavily ... but you speak the truth . I will give you my answer tomorrow . and now ( he rise ) it be late . en it be the dismissal . allrise . brighton salute . ali salaam . brighton politely usher ali out before himself , but himself precede lawrence . just as lawrence be follow , feisal make he a discreet signal to remain . outside in the dark , brighton and ali regard the tent flap , expect lawrence . 50 163 continue it dawns on they that he have be detain for a private audience . they stare at one another . they turn , and make they separate way between the tent . Inside the tent feisal and lawrence both stand . feisal Colonel Brighton mean to put my man under european officer do he not ? lawrence in effect my lord , yes . feisal and I must do it , for the Turks have european gun . but I fear to do it upon my soulldo . the English have a great : hunger for desolate place , Lieutenant I _fear they hunger for Arabia . lawrence then you must deny it to they . feisal you be a englishman . be you not loyal to England ? lawrence ( hesitates , smile a smile of intellectual , not emotive humour ) to England and to other thing . but feisal will not play the intellectual game , though amply intellectual - for he the question be practical , and he expression be serious as he draw up to lawrence and say thoughifully : feisal to England and Arabia both ? andis that possible ...? ( he approach lawrence closely and consider he . he nod ) I think you be another of this desert - loving englishmen - ( he walk away ) doughty , stanhope , Gordon of khartoum . 163 continue he indicate graciously the tent flap . they move over to it , and 51 feisal ( cont ) ( he turn ) no arab love the desert . we love water and green tree . there be nothing in the desert . andno man need nothing . ( his tone change from the philosophic to the emotional ) ... or be it that you think we be something you can play with because we be a little people , a silly people ; greedy , barbarous and cruel ? ( lawrence look surprised ) but you know , Lieutenant , in the arab city of cordova be two mile of public lighting in the street - when London be a village ! lawrence yes , you be great . feisal ( dryly ) nine century ago . lawrence ( mildly ) time to be great again my Lord . feisal ( stiffly ) which be why my father make this war upon the Turks - my father , Mr. lawrence , not the English ! ( he be suddenly overcome by melancholy ) but my father be old and I - I long for the vanish garden of cordova ... ( sigh ) however , before the garden must come the fight . feisal courteously hold it apart . feisal ( with formal politeness , smile ) to be great again , it seem we need the English or ... ( he shrug ) 52 163 continue lawrence ( gently ) or ...? : feisal ( look out over the silence encampment ) what no man can provide , Lieutenant . we need a miracle . feisal nod a polite goodnight , and lawrence leave . 164 close shot . outside , lawrence come to a slow halt a few yard from the tent . as he stand look down at the ground in deep think , a slow dynamo- like theme begin on the SOUND track . a irritation cross he mind , the music stop , and he look up . 165 mo . shot . brighton 's brightly light army tent glow out among its neighbour . 166 close shot . lawrence 's eye return to the ground and the music begin again , then , very slowly , he walk off in the opposite direction . 167 mo . shot . feisal be sit alone inside he tent . he look up towards the tent flap try to collect he curiously conflict thought about the young man outside . 168 close shot . a set of moonlit footprint in clean sand . the dynamo theme take on a overtone of mysticism as the camera pan upwards follow the footprint , and we see the dark outline of lawrence 's back as he stroll slowly in deep think towards the open desert . 169 long shot . two small figure scamper along a sandy ridge . on reach the end of a promontory , they stop . 170 close up . farraj and daud squat into picture , look downward with curiosity . 171 long shot . the small figure of lawrence walk in the desert below . he come to a stop with he hand in he pocket . 172 close up . the two imp look down , puzzle . 173 long shot . the dark figure of lawrence , stand in deep concentration , outlinedagainst the brilliant white of the moonlit 173 174 175 176 17 178 179 180 53 continue desert . the dynamic theme increase in intensity , and lawrence begin to wander off in another direction . dissolve to medium shot : a dawn sky . lawrence be stand quite still , oblivious of the two boy who squat down only a few yard above he . close up : the imp sit patiently watch lawrence like two dog watch they master . then daud pick up a jag stone of some bright colour and suggest in pantomime that he throw it down towards lawrence . farraj shake he head , but unable to restrain himself , daud gently lob it out of picture . medium shot : the stone land at lawrence 's foot . at first he seem not to notice it , but then , without interrupt he concentra - tion , he aimlessly pick up the stone , bounce it up and down in the palm of he hand , and walk slowly away . the imp get up and run out of picture . dissolve long shot : day . lawrence be sit under a stunt desert tree . one of the boy sit before he , the other be busy behind he . apart from this tiny group , the frame be completely empty , above , below , and to either side . medium shot : the same . farraj be hang a odd piece of cloth in the branch so that lawrence 's head be shade . Three or four yard in front of lawrence , with he back to camera , sit daud - also cross -legge - watch he as he continue play with the stone . farraj come and sit down near to daud , so that lawrence be frame between the back of the two boy . the camera start . to creep in towards lawrence . the music , which have never stop , build up andup . lawrence begin to hold the stone so tightly that he fist vibrate with the unconscious effort . he look directly up at the two boy , but he eye be focus on the distance and he be not really see they . close up : the imp stare back . they do not know why , but they be rather frighten . close up :. lawrence . the music stop . there be a pause . lawrence ( quietly ) akaba . 181 close up ; the two boy do not understand . 182-medium shot : lawrence and the boy . 183 lawrence akaba - from the land ! 54 he come to and chuck the stone at the boy . daud catch it , then look up in surprise and point to lawrence 's hand , it be bleed . lawrence lick he palm mechanically , and above he hand we see he gaze be no - longer inwards but outward and actively excited . he get to he foot . excite , whirling music begin . the camera pan and track with lawrence as he walk away from the three . the two boy follow close behind . lawrence walk faster and faster until he be run - as a man run who have a specific destination . the music build . the camp background and the run become a race . lawrence appear in the disappear among the tent , and the boy put on a spurt but daud trip over a root and go sprawling , and music stop when : CUT to 184 close shot ali : ali you be mad . to come to akaba by land we should have to cross the nefud . lawrence that 's right . alia the nefud can not be cross . lawrence I will cross it if you will . ali ( surprised ) you ? it take more than a compass , englishman . ( lawrence do not flicker ) the nefud be the worst place God create ! lawrence oh I can not answer for the place . only for myself . ali begin to be fascinate . lawrence drive on : o 184 continue eo lawrence fifty man ? ali fifty , against akaba ? lawrence if fifty man come out of the nefud , they would be fifty man that other man might join . ( lightly ) the howeitat be there I hear . ali ( promptly ) the howeitat be brigands ; they will sell themselves to anyone . lawrence good fighter : though . ali good , yes ... ( burst out ) there be gun at akaba . lawrence they face the sea Ali . and they can not be turn round . from the landward side there be no gun at akaha . ali with good reason ! it can not be approach from the landward side ? lawrence certainly the Turks do not dream of it . he turn and point to the horizon . 185 long shot of this while he say on SOUND track . > > lawrence akaba 's over there Ali . it 's only a matter of go . . 55 56 186 close shot ali ali ( with horror and unwilling respect ) you be mad ! dissolve to 187 a rocky outcrop . grey dawn . lawrence burden with pistol , bandolier and saddlebags be stride round the edge of it . in the background , at a distance , be the camp with smoke ascend from one or two early fire , but no other sign of life . except , that be , when lawrence look over he shoulder to make sure he have be be see , and : 188 long shot . daud and farraj be follow . 189 close shot . lawrence do not look at all pleased or charme , but he accept the phenomenom as a sensible man accept fly , that be without pleasure but also without flap ; and skirt the curve of the outcrop he see : 190 longshot . the raiding party make its last minute preparation . some of the camel be be load , some be already rear to go ; the atmosphere be as tense and technical as in a Grand prix racing pit , except that there be no shouting - on the contrary all be do very quietly . lawrence pause to take in the scene and feisal step out of the shelter of the rock . feisal ( smile , but rather faintly and searchingly ) and where be you go , Lieutenant - with fifty of my man ? lawrence ( smile ) to work you miracle . feisal blasphemy . ( he walk lawrence into and through the raiding party , know where lawrence 's camel be , camera tracking ) be a bad beginning to such a journey . i i | i 57 190 continue lawrence who tell you ? feisal Ali do . why not you ? lawrence ( it be a bit awkward . he shift he bag from one hand to the other ) you be fall back , on yenbo , sir . feisal ( glance at he side - long , mutter ) yes , yes , I must .... but I will spare this to you . they have arrive at lawrence 's camel ; ali be by it , busy with he own . he look at lawrence but make no greeting , defensive - aggressive . feisal do Ali break confidence , to tell I ? before lawrence can answer feisal hold up a hand and listen . quietness fall all about . the distant muezzin be hear from the camp and with a single wave - like rustling , all but lawrence be kneel towards Mecca . he look about ; we see what he see ; then he busy himself quietly with he bag . when the prayer be end ali be the first to rise , and again he and lawrence exchange they defensive - aggressive stare . feisal rise last . lawrence sherif Ali owe you he allegiance , my lord . ( he get into the saddle ) feisal ( searchingly ) yet you do not tell Colonel Brighton . lawrence ( inexpressively ) no. ( he get into the saddle ) ] 5 58 191 long shot . daud and farraj hang off the raiding party , wistfully . 192 close shot . lawrence look down into the camera from he camel , which have rise , and behind we see ali and other similarly rise . lawrence ( smile ) since you do know ; we can claim to ride in the name of feisal of Mecca . 193 close shot . feisal feisal ( look upwards , from lawrence 's angle ) yes , Lieutenant lawrence , you may claim it . but in whose name do you ride ? 194 CUT sharply , with music quite loud , to the head and shoulder of lawrence , riding ; broad day . his expression be that of a excited young man who nevertheless control himself . as he ride he slightly turn he head from leave to right , try to see what be behind he without overtly turn round . the music gather yet more force . finally he be unable to overcome the temptation and twist right round in the saddle . 195 mo . shot . what he see : ( and with a crash the theme fill to full pitch ) the raiding party strung out four abreast behind he . 196 close up tracking . ali and lawrence . lawrence turn to the front again , he eye blaze . he straighten himself in the’ saddle and erect he head . his face be stiffen with discipline ecstasy . ali have be watch he : he smile sardonically . 197 close tracking shot . the camera now start to move down the line of rider , introduce each in turn as they pass through the shot trot a little faster than the camera . first come ali 's two negro slave , magnificent in they red-tipped costume . then banner , follow by exotic face , fiercely and seriously con - centrate ahead . last of all come the baggage camel , laden with food and roll - up tent . we see , individually , gasim , a shifty , cheerful , undersized and impoverish bedouin , the elder harith , a middle - age and well - equip warrior with a calm strong face , and majid a willowy young ageyli with splendid clothes , make - up eye and a elegant manner , but a dash rider and most seriously armed . 59 198 long shot tracking . for the first time we see the raiding party as awhole . the camera follow it for quite some time as it weave its way through the multi-coloured sand and rock . ali raise he camel stick point out a change of direction away from camera . the music grow fainter and fainter as the raider draw away leave a cloud of dust behind they . 199 mo . shot . round the corner of a hillock we have just pass , a single and rather mangy camel appear with two rider . as the animal be bring to a halt we recognise farraj and daud . daud be in front with farraj mount pillion - fashion behind he , he hand clasped around daud 's waist . the two imp furtively watch the desert ahead . 200 long shot . from they viewpoint we see the recede column of dust send up by the raiding party . . , 201 close shot . daud and farraj . they wait for a few second , then daud give they camel a smart whack and camera pan with they as they trot off across the desert plain . dissolve 202 close shot . daud and farraj , hide behind a fold in the ground . late afternoon . on they belly , they munch some unappetize and crumbly food . by they side we see they water can ~ not a proper one , but improvise from a old tin - empty . they be look off screen , yearningly . on SOUND track we hear distant cheerful voice and the roar of a camel . daud essay another mouthful of the dry stuff ; chew mechanically and half - heartedly , crumb fall heedless from he lip , he gaze off fascinate , at : 203 medium shot . the glitter water of a palm -fringe oasis . the raider ( they voice now suddenly loud on SOUND track ) be prepare for the night in high good humour , the sadness of parting over and the hard part of the journey not yet begin . the water occupy most of the screen , the man merely a human fringe at its periphery . they drink , call to one another , drink , pour water on they head , splash , dabble they hand , or merely smile at they own reflection . a fire be kindle food be in the off . but above all there be water . 204 close shot . daud and farraj as before , look off ( the voice distant again ) . they look at one another hesitantly . look off again . with determination daud seize the can . they slither down the reverse slope . 205 close shot . in the oasis lawrence be wring out a spare army singlet , crouching , watch by ali who lounge at a little distance from he . lawrence be qware of ali 's regard . on SOUND track , raise voice . lawrence look up , merely aeminna att alart . i cs 206 60 close moving shot . gasim be come through the palm tree with daud and farraj . he have daud by a handful of he thick hair and farraj by the ear . gasim be delighted to be the centre of attention and give daud a rough shake now and then , and daud play up with clowning and affect fear . but farraj be in pain and he dignity offended and have set he face disobligingly . the raider - laugh and applaud . this be know character evidently . 207 lawrence and ali . lawrence as before but ali be stand . gasim come on frame and throw down he captive . one or two of the other have follow . gasim I catch they sherif . they have track we . they be here . ( with a ingratiate nod to lawrence ) I catch they . ali pick up he camel whip . ali why be you here ? Boy . he push farraj with he foot . farraj to serve Lord auren , sherif . daud , have improve the moment by surreptitiously snatching a handful of water , nod cheerfully at lawrence . ali look at lawrence sardonically . lawrence be attract to the boy but sense that the situation hold trouble for he .. he will have no part of they , and look away as one bored or one who will have no concern in something no concern of he .. 1 gasim ( anxious to be indispensable ) that be true , auren . they do wish it . he turn for confirmation to the other , but lawrence again look away , unconcern , and do not even seem to hear what follow . ali you have be tracking we . ( he look uneasily over the horizon . he twitches he whip ) you be tell to stay ! farraj no sherif , we camel stray . we follow she . co '' 61 207 continue daud ) ( solemnly ) she lead we here to be Lord auren 's servant . ( look at lawrence ) : it be the will of Allah . , ali ( technically , not angrily ) blasphemy . he bring the whip down hard on daud 's shoillder . at once lawrence look up . lawrence do not do that . immediate silence . he rise . he be hesitate . gasim step in to save he from a social blunder . gasim oh this be not servant auren - this : be ... outcast , parentless ... . ( he shrug , not express ' pity but on the contrary apologise for such creature ) ali _ ( shortly ) ' be warn . they be not suitable . , lawrence they sound very suitable ... you.can ride with the baggage . they be at he foot , touch head and heart . ali stalk away disgustedly , turn only to say : ali this be not servant , this be worshipper . 208 close .shot . lawrence trade look for look .. on SOUND track . daud auren . 209 close shot . the boy be still kneel . the other raider have drift away , but gasim stand over they quite proprietorial , as though this be what he have intend all along . we only see he bottom half as we be look down on the boy Pov lawrence . daud be hold up one finger . daud one shilling every week ? gasim ( judicial ) that be fair . 62 209 continue daud ( a quick glance at farraj ) each ? gasim ( scandalise ) no that be too much ! lawrence all right . with a nod and rather awkward smile , he move away . gasim look after he and call ( if possible from a empty unclutter screen , so that he have " significance " . ) . gasim they will be lucky for you ! ( with the dreadful piety of a thorough - go sinner : ) Allah favour the compassionate ! cuT 210 - the sing wire of the telegraph above the railway . 215 dissolve to 216 mo . long shot . a crested dune . lawrence and ali appear , halt and look towards we . the MAIN party appear and do the samr 217 close shot . lawrence and ali ali wee there be the railway and that - be the desert . 218 long shot . Beyond the railway a limitless vista of shine white . ali ( on SOUND track ) from here until the other side , no water but what we carry . for the camel , no water at all . if the camel die , we die . and in twenty day they will start to die . 219 close shot . lawrence and ali . ali ( sardonically polite as he triumph over lawrence who stare ahead of he ) you see ? lawrence ( equally polite ) yes . there 's no time to waste then , be there ? ( and he move forward ) 220 mo . shot . from among the raider we follow lawrence down the slope ; he cross the line ahead of we and ride into the decert . . '' 63 221 low ground shot . along the line . the camel of the raider cross , some close , other more distant see between they move leg . dissolve to 222 first aerial shot . the raider , not in precise formation , but still quite well gather , ina disjoint column , move over the plain . shot start at the rear , move forward and continue on into the plain . dissolve to 223 long shot . a featureless desert wasteland . the raider be spread out in no particular order , plodd on under a high sun . 224 mo . shot . men and beast be exhaust . the rider jerk up and down like sack . . 225 mo . shot . another angle . 226 mo . shot . still another angle - building a sense of monotony . 227 close tracking shot . ali , follow by he ' two servant . the servant tired , ali alert . he look over at : 228 close tracking shot . lawrence follow by farraj and daud . lawrence 's eye be fix dreamily on : 229 mo . shot tracking . a dust devil twist and turn across the desert floor . 230 close up tracking : lawrence bob monotonously up and down . his half - close eye follow the dust devil downward . 231 close shot . the foot of the dust devil suck the ground ina giddy spiral . 232 close up tracking : lawrence . he pull himself together and look away from the dust devil to he own shadow . 233 close tracking shot . his shadow jerk and flitting , expand and contracting on the desert floor . 234.close up tracking . lawrence . his head jerk sleepily . he be about to fall off . he.jerks himself upright , but again he head nod forward . ali come up alongside , smile with grini satisfaction , and poke lawrence with he stick . lawrence immediately open he eye , straighten . lawrence ( defensive ) I be think . ' 64 234 continue ali ( mockery ) you be drift . lawrence yes. ( he face be steely , he voice rustling and dary ) it will not happen again . ali ( as before ) be warn , you be drift . . lawrence it will not happen again ! , - dissolve to 235 - 237 238 239 240 241 242 243 a different type of " featureless " landscape . ( but absence of feature , absence of colour must be common to all this Trek sequence . ) another helicopter shot , but not aerial : we be speed over the flat ground towards the raider who be now in much more open order , each man absorb . in he own suffer . mo . tracking shot . the elder harith unmove , majid ennoble , gasim actively sorry for himself and hat he camel . close tracking shot lawrence . he be look away towards he right , he sun-scorch face set in a artificial mask of indiffer - ence . long shot . a mirage cf sparkling water . it waver and come nearer . close tracking shot . lawrence . he turn he head slowly away to the leave . long shot . a different but similar mirage . close tracking shot . lawrence . he turn he head and look ahead . long shot . '' a third mirage ; this time the corrupt illusion be just a short run away . mo . tracking shot lawrence and ali . ali look at C ) 243 cc oo 244 & '' 6 's 's 's ] '' 1 > 245 oo 246 '' . 247 o 65 continue lawrence , sarcastically amused . lawrence turn away he head with a rather weary frown , as one who be bother by a impertinently curious child . ali 's face darken . dissolve to mo . shot . a bivouac . sunset . ali " in bed " . in background all the other the same , except for lawrence , who be shave out a spoonful of water - in a tin lid . ali from now on we must travel by night . and rest while it be too hot to travel . a few hour each day . ( he watch the effect of this ) lawrence ( concentrate on he shave ) mmm . why do not we start now ? ali no , no . ( sweetly ) we still rest now ; three hour . lawrence ( go on shave ) Fine . I will wake you . dissolve to mo . long shot . noon . at a distance from we the raiding barty . we can not see the men , merely the kneel camel which be scattered , inthree and four and individually . we begin to approac : then CUT to mo . shot the same . in the tiny shadow afforded by each camel cower a motionless and shroud man . close shot . the camel ' head and face . some of they have gummy foam about they lip . 248 249 250 251 252 253 254 255 256 257 66 close shot . ali uncover he head he look up at the sun . he rise . he rouse elder harith , who rouse lawrence , who look round for ali who be look back at he . in the background the other begin to stir . dissolve to close tracking shot . acamel 's foot , slip on a surface of break stone . camera lift to ali . he ride look down . his camel stumble , stumble again . . mo . long shot other 's of the raider , look down anxious} : at they stumblingcamél ' " 's foot . dissolve to mo . aerial shot . the raider pick they way across a wilderness of break stone . sharp CUT to extreme close shot . in brilliant clarity a.camel go over sideways in a tumble rush as though pole - axed , its rider only glimpse as he be flung from he saddle . CUT to mo . shot lawrence , elder harith , gasim , stunne into immobility stand and look at the fall beast , one leg of which be kick mechanically , but apart from that inert , and the bundle of rag which be a middle - aged arab . majid hobble over to this , straighten up , look off at ali , raise he hand a little . mo . shot ali turn and lead he beast on . majid follow suit . as he do so she groan , and slobber , distressfully jerk she lead . ali look round at this , and he and majid exchange a seric glance . mo . shot daud and farraj , in the rear , look.back . long shot the corpse of the camel and the man . dissolve to long shot late afternoon on the edge of a mud flat , its shore fringe by black boulder and rock . the raider be dismounted anyhow . one or two of the camel now on they side instead of kneel . we see three bedouin rub water on the tongue of a camel which be at its last gasp . the last of they , two on a beast , a 257 ic , '' ' WD } ) ° 258 oo 259 if '' 260 ie 261 eo 262 263 '' 67 continue be come in . they camel flounder to she knee . elder harith and all , watch this , be join by lawrence , who swill in the bottom of a mug a few spoonsful of water . lawrence do we rest here ? ali ( shortly ) itold you ; when the camel die , we die . ( he go ) majid there be no rest now , short of water , auren . on the other side of that . ( nodd over the mud flat ) long shot the mud flat in the set sun . lawrence ( on sound track ) how much of that be there ? close shot : majid majid iam not sure . but however much , it must be cross before tomorrow 's sun get up . ( he smile wryly ) this be the sun 's anvil . aerial shot . we see the tremendous scale of the flat as the raider strike out across it from the encircle rock . this should be the biggest and bleakest eye- ful to date . dissolve to long shot night faint moonlight , and the raider in a more or less orderly line . the camera begin to pan with they . mo . tracking shot . lawrence follow by farraj and daud : : close tracking shot : farraj be nodd in the saddle . oo 264 265 266 267 268 269 270 271 272 273 274 275 276 . 68 close tracking shqt . ali at the head of the column . he be awake and alert and he rifle rest across he saddle . mo , tracking shot . the baggage camel . some of the rider have wedge themselves among the baggage and be asleep . close up tracking lawrence . he shift in the saddle take up a new position . he look farward to : close shot tracking . ali 's back . upright and erect . close up tracking . lawrence .. with half a eye on ali he raise he arm to read he watch . this do he replace it . a yawn overtake he . . : close ' shot tracking ali 's back . he turn look around the group , and turn back again . dissolve to long shot tracking . the raiding party . the moon now ~ casting long shadow . close shot tracking the shadow bob up and down between the camel 'leg . the shot be hold for several second - then there be a cry , and a body fall among the shadow .. close up . the fall rider be farraj . he sit up , shake he head , and get up . mo . shot lawrence and daud have come to a halt . they wait as farraj run forward to he camel and bring it to its knee . other camel pass on through the picture . ° close up ali . he too have come toa halt . he stare hard and disapprovingly at what have happen , wheel about again and continue . mo . shot . lawrence and daud wait until farraj remount . they move off together . on ' long shot tracking . the raider plod on . dissolve to ce 277 278 279 280 69 extreme long shot : daybreak . the distant rider be approach the sandy shore on the far side of the mud flat . close tracking shot . lawrence and ali , and elder harith all look down . close tracking shot . they camel ' foot leave hard mud for gravel . close tracking shot . lawrence , ali , elder harith all be slump , but look -: relieved . lawrence ( eager ) have we do it ? elder harith ( smile a little ) no , but we be off the anvil . lawrence thank God for that anyway --- elder harith yes , thank him , auren . I do not think you know how you have tempt he . lawrence ( frown ) lknow . ( to ali ) we have do it . ali ( even he cannot hide entirely he relief . he shrug . ) God willing . lawrence when do we get to the well ? ali god-will , mid-day . lawrence then we have do it ! daud ride up besidethem . he be worried and apprehensive . 70 cc ) 280 continue CO '' ; . daud auren . he point with he camel stick . ae 281 medium shot . a riderless camel , saddle . a ali ( off ) gasim 's . lo 282 close shot . ali and lawrence stationary watch anxiously i by daud . lawrence what 's happen to he ? c ali God know . he consider this , then impatiently urge he camel forward . cs os lawrence follow , and the camera track with they . 283 close tracking shot ali and lawrence lawrence we must go back . ali ( scornfully ) what for , to die with gasim ? ( flatly ) in two minute come the sun . lawrence stop he camel . ali instantly stop too . ali i in God 's name understand ! we-can - not-go-back ! ' lawrence I can . ( point to the boy ) cc take this . cy lawrence wheel he mount but ali block he way . ali if you go back you kill yourself be all . '' gasim you have kill already . CO ) 283 71 continue lawrence ( quietly ) get out of my way . elder harith ( gently ) gasim 's time be come aurens. ( point to gasim 's camel ) it be write . lawrence ( he voice and manner cramme with occidental impatience and contempt ) nothing be '' write . he burst between they . ali go alongside , not attempt any longer to detain hity , but incoherent with venom . '' ali , go back ! English ! blasphemer ! what then --- what ? what do you bring we here for --- with you blasphemous conceit ? eh --- English blasphemer ? akaba ? be it akaba ? you will not be at akaba , English ! go back , blasphemer , but you will not be at akaba ! this absolate loss of control yell into lawrence 's face afford he the most exquisite satisfaction --- it be victory . to drive the point home , he turn he most amused , most donnish expression upon he hate friend and say pleasantly : lawrence I shall be at akaba . that be write . ( point to he own head ) in here . ( he smile with deliberate mildness ) ali stop and look after he tremble ; he cast about for the worst word he can think of . ali ( howling after he ) English ! .... engli-i-ish ! oc 284 285 286 287 288 289 290 291 292 293 294 e 72 medium shot . ali 's viewpoint of lawrence and he camel go back across the flat . close up : farraj and daud anxiously look back at the retreate figure of lawrence mo . shot ali and he camel in foreground of picture with lawrenc ; in the background . ali turn he animal around and shout towards farraj and daud as he angrily urge the beast forward . ali get on ! get on ! long shot . the foreground of the picture be compose of gasim 's riderless camel . in thebackground farraj and daud turn they animal round and follow the raider onwards , ali trot up to the camel in foreground of picture and give it a vicious lash with he whip . the animal bound forward and the camera remain on a shot of the sky . the sun have still not rise . the sound of the retreate raider grow fainter and fainter . silence . extreme long shot . gasim , a tiny figure , in the middle of the mud flat . he be walk slowly but upright and steadily . pre-sunrise . the empty mud flat - theredglow of pre-dawn . footstep . feet enter and gasim appear walk away from camera i-r. full figure tracking shot . gasim look fearfully to he leave - on the second look - cut to : he eyeline of the brighten sky . tracking shot . knee figure of gasim , he hasten to a fast walk . hold for several second . CUT to : the tip of the rising SUN appear over the horizon . close tracking shot : ( waist figure ) gasim . he do not see the sun . after afewsecond the sunlight flick he face . he see it and then after a moment 's hesitation , walk even faster . 294a two shot . gasim and the SUN . ( half way up over the horizon - in r.b.g . ) gasim hesitates in he walk , then subconsciously alter he direction away fromthe sun and towards camera . 294b close shot . gasim' back . he hurry away from camera - turn and look over he shoulder at the sun . he shadow be beginning to appear on the mud flat . o 73 294c close shot the SUN breaking clear of the horizon . 294d high shot gasim , move away from camera , half break into a run . long shadow ahead of he now quite definite . as he reach extreme long shot he slow down . 294 close shot . sadness overtake gasim . he stop and turn to look at the sun humbly . 294f long shot . the SUN now well . clear of the horizon . gasim 295 296 297 298 299 300 301 302 303 304 305 306 stand look at it . he turn and continue . long shot , the distant raiding party be move away from camera . spread out over a bleak country away from the mud flat . the baggage camel pass close by camera . some of the man be still . tuck up asleep . some be double up . behirid they come a single camel mount by farraj . close tracking shot . farraj he be frighten . he glance forward to the raid party , but mostly he look be direct towards the rear . long shot .. shoot along the edge of the mud flat . a mount camel pick its way off ' the shore on the flat , they come to a halt . close shot . daud . he too be frighten . he look back towards the raiding Party , and then forward . long shot . the mud flat , now shine . no - one to be see . close up daud . he settles down to wait . the drum . long shot . the sun , now almost white . : close up ... gasim . weeping and nearly blindhe half . raise he hand in supplication . he give in . close shot . the small figure of gasim sink to the ground . close shot . a trough of clear ' water with camel drink . mo . shot . the trough be beside a well around which some of the raider be group , fill they bottle . in the background the bagga : : camel be still come in . close shot ali , .farraj , and one or two other arab around the well . 2 eo , 306 I io ho i ) 307 . 308 co 309 . cc ' 310 . 311 '' 312 }oo 313 314 ec cp 315 14 continue ali God be thank . ( he drink . ) arab God be thank . ( he drink ) another arab God be thank . ( he drink ) farraj take a short drink and then turn away and the camera - pan with he on to a shot of he back . he come to a halt look out over the desert . the drum again . long shot . the small figure of daud mount on he camel , back to camera . the mud flat shine like a infernal lake . close up . daud . he look around he , and then up at the sun . fear be beginning to mount , but he control himself . " dissolve mo . shot . the boy and the camel be casting a shadow again . there be a pause of several second , then daud stiffen in ‘his saddle . subconsciously he budge the animal forward a few pace . close up . he come to a halt stare ahead . long shot . a elongate pinhead of black elevate into the blue above the horizon . the drum falter . close shot . daud . hardly dare , he urgesthe : camel into a walk the cameratrack with he as he sit bolt upright peer ahead . . long shot . tracking . daud 's viewpoint . the flat slip by underneath withthe distant pinpoint of black above the horizon . close tracking shot . daud . slowly hebring the camel to a trot . long shot tracking his viewpoint . the ground be slip by faster . the distant pintpoint be now merge with the flat and become distinguishable as anelongate and move objett . C 316 317 318 319 320 321 322 323 324 325 326 327 15 close tracking shot . daud a painful grin spread over he face . he beat the camel into a gallop . Music begin to well up on the SOUND track . long shot tracking the mud flat now racing by . the distant figure now a mount camel --- but ride by one or two man we can not see . close tracking shot . daud . his excitement mount into a shriek of delight as he recognize ... close tracking shot : lawrence his camel be jolting along at a slow trot . behind he sit gasim , hang on as best he can . lawrence 's face be dreadfully blacken and he peer ahead through bloodshot eye . long shot tracking lawrence 's viewpoint . the approach outline of daud 's gallop camel . close up tracking . daud another shriek . close up tracking . '' lawrence . a torture half smile . extreme long shof . the two camel . one trot and one gallop , converge from either side of the screen . the music build . the two camel : meet , and daud whebl he animal around to fall in beside lawrence .. the music stop . dissolve close shot late afternoon farraj be sit on a crest with a water skin look over the desert . he blink back he tear . behind and below he the raiding party have set up a few tent around the well . fire be burn . close shot . allis seat cross -legge on the ground in front of one of the tent . he moodily draw pattern in thé ground with he camel stick . after a moment he look upwards . long shot . the small figure of farraj on the crest , outline against the reddining sky , wait . close up . ali . he look away and whacks the ground with he stick . there be a sudden cry from farraj . farraj ( off ) auren !! daud !!! ali look up . 328 329 330 331 332 333 334 335 336 337 338 339 340 341 76 mo , shot . farraj be plunging down the side of a dune yell as he go . the camera pan with '' he into a long shot . we see lawrence and daud 's camel below as farraj fall over himself , he water bottle fly . close shot . ali . in the background the raider rise to they foot and start walk towards the desert . ali 's face be incre - ulous , hopeful , and a little apprehensive . mo . shot . daud and lawrence , with gasim mount behind he , come in off the desert . close tracking shot . farraj run , yell across the desert . close up . daud . recognise he companion he start yell too , and stir he camel forward . close tracking shot . ali . surrounded by hurry man he reach the sand . close up , lawrence look out ahead . long shot . the two group converge with farraj the first to make contact . close tracking shot . farraj and daud . farraj hold up the watter bottle . farraj daud . daud . daud smile down wearily . close tracking shot . ali . after a few step he come to a standstill . mo , shot . the two camel , surround by the raiding party . they come to a halt and the camel kneel to the ground . close shot . lawrence and gasim . men pull the exhaust gasim from the camel . lawrence remain slump in the saddle . he look towards ali . close shot . ali . he walk forward with a half smile that admit happy defeat . close shot . farraj and daud embrace . i | i 342 343/6 11 close shot , ali walk into picture beside lawrence and hand he a bottle . lawrence be about to drink , but he take the water from he lip and raise he heal . lawrence ( he croak ) ~ nothing be write . as he drink we hear a shocked , amused , admire , murmur : auren , auren , auren . he slither from the saddle and place he foot gingerly on the ground . he look about . mo . shot . several of the raider have spread they saddle - cloth on the ground . now he be eagerly invite by two or three to confer the honour upon they . elder harith ( smile ) auren ! majid ( smile ) auren ! lawrence smile and go over to the nearest . he look at it . it call . but he painfully take off he shirt and call , without look , as though for help . lawrence farraj ! farraj come . lawrence ( give he the shirt ) wash . then he look down at the brightly pattern saddlecloth and like a light go out he release the body from the mind 's control and almost collapse into sleep . ( it must not be a faint though ) instantly , farraj begin to unlace he boot , and a shadow be throw over lawrence asa cloth shelter be erect over he . dissolve ( 2 347 '' '' 18 close shot , lawrence , his eye have open and gleam in the light . ali F os softly ) arraj ! farraj come with a prepare dish of food , which he lay by lawrence . lawrence raise himself on one elbow , consider '' it and begin to spoon it carefully into he mouth , watch by ali . a ali ( quietly ) El auren ... truly , for some man nothing be write unless they write it . ( it be capitulation ) lawrence ( move , he laugh quietly , go on eat . then : ) not ' El auren ' , just lawrence . ali El auren be better . lawrence true . ali you father too : just Mr. lawrence ? lawrence ( consider this . pushes away the food . turn on he back and close he eye as though asleep , and say with a effort ) my father be Sir Thomas chapman . ali ( pleased ) be that a Lord ? lawrence a kind of a Lord . ali then when he die you too will be a Lord , ts 347 continue 79 lawrence no . ali ( sympathetic ) ah. you have a elder brother . ( a common complaint among aristocrat like himself ) lawrence no . ali but then ... ( another point strike he ) I do not understand this - you father 's name be chapman - lawrence Ali . my father be not really my father . he do not marry my mother . ( the word ' father 's and ' mother ' come out on a barely perceptible 's effort of breath ) ali ( gravely ) I see . ( he be disturb . he must think this out . silence . ) lawrence I be sorry . . ( and this be not bitter but a humble though dignify apology for a fault . ) ali ( after further think ; quietly ) it seem to I that you be free to choose you own name then . lawrence ( he keep he eye tightly shut ) yes , I suppose I be . CD 347 348 349 80 continue ali _ ( with a quick smile ~ and this be a act of real moral generosity ) " El auren " be best . lawrence '' ( after a pause in which he con - trol the surge of gratitude - dangerously similar to love - which rise in he ) all right , I will settle for " El auren . " he feign sleep . ali cover he and go over to the fire . daud and farraj be there , now asleep . by farraj be neatly pile lawrence 's shirt , short , sock , with the webbing belt on top .. ali take they up . farraj wake . ali throw the clothes one by one on the fire . farraj look from they to he with he mouth open in horrify enquiry . close shot . broad day . . lawrence , hand on dagger in arab robe . mo , shot . ali , elder harith , majid , and other regard he . ali they be the robe of a sherif of the beni wejh . lawrence ( stroking the silk ) very fine . ( he turn a circle , smile , awkward with pleasure and emotion ) great honour . majid ( courteous ) the honour be tous . salaam sherif , farraj and daud ( delighted ) salaam sherif . lawrence ( to ali ) it be permit ? 81 ) ‘o nd 349 continue ali surely . elder harith ce ) he for whoni nothing be write may write ' himself aclan . salaam . ' ' : lawrence salaam . ' he stride a hestitant pace or two and smile bashfully .. for once it be he who be wait for a lead . elder harith ' ( tactfully boisterous ) '' . they be good for riding . try ! lawrence ( eagerly ) a yes. eo ( he turn and pick up he camel saddle , turn back to they . ' strongly . ) , great honour ! as he go we hear the murmur rise to a shout : ' auren ! " CUT to 350 close tracking shot . lawrence ( head and shoulder ) riding . music . 351 reverse long shot , lawrence gallop towards camera . the raider , distant , be watch . when he approach camera , lawrence rein in and turn to look at the raider . cc 352 mo . shot .. the raider raise they hand . 353 mo . shot . lawrence raise he hand to they and urge he camel off at a right angle . camera ( situate as in reverse long shot above ) pan with this and the raider be cut off oo from view by the bank of the wadi , which lawrence be enter . { when the raider be quite cut off from view : | '' 354 close shot . he dismount . he stand erect ; he face be stern but he eye be smile , like a man listen to music . 0 lo 355 | '' jo U ' ' '' 356 ' '' 's 357 358 82 mo , tracking shot . he walk a swinging pace or two . he draw he dagger and with a expression of extreme nobility threaten with it -- who ? himself perhaps . his eye fall upon the dagger as though it be someone else who hold it and he face relax in self - mockery , though he do not exactly smile . in any case he be for the moment happy enough to tolerate himself . he slam the dagger into its sheath and set off briskly . he turn suddenly , cause the robe to fly . and so on , the music rise . though the action be histrionic he expression be manly and attentive . almost cautious , and we can see that this be more than play act . as he go , stride , stop and turn , with slow graceful movement : of the arm , camera follows closely . long shot . angle down . he set off with a swinging stride in no particular direction . camera panning slightly , but he be progress diagonally across the screen . a man on a stationary horse thus enter the opposite corner of the screen , unseen by . lawrence until they be almost nose to nose . mo . shot . they regard one another . close shot . the manis auda . the complete desert bedouin . his face be haggard , fierce , dignify and childish . his eyebrow be raise in amused enquiry . music stop . auda what be you do -- englishman ? lawrence {with equal insouciance -- hand on hip ) as you see . . ( glance round the rim of the basin , carelessly ) be you alone ? auda almost . be you with that party of dog who be drink at my well ? lawrence ( stiffen with immediate interest ) your ?. : auda take out he pistol and fire a single shot in the air , before thrust it back into he belt . cc '' 358 voy 83 continue auda 1 be auda ibu tayi . ( he expect this to have a effect ) lawrence ( as one who note a mild coin - cidence ) ah. ihave hear of another man of that name . auda other ? ( roaring ) what other ? lawrence the auda I hear of would not need to , summon help -- ( indicate the pistol ) to look after he well . auda ah . he must be a great hero . lawrence he be . he would not refuse water to man come out of the great nefudh desert . auda would he not ? truly that must be some other man . ( he jerk he head ) here be my " help " . a impressive and dignify boy of about ten year , on a miniature arab pony tear down the side of the dune and join they . he and lawrence exchange glance . auda ( lean down from he horse and flick lawrence 's garment with he whip ) Son , what fashion be this ? boy harith , father . : 358 359 360 361 362 362a 362b 362c 362d 84 continue auda and '' what manner of harith ? boy a beni wejh sherif , father . auda and be he harith ? boy no father . English . auda nod sardonically and wheel he horse to go . auda Son , they be steal we water . tell they we be come . the boy drag out a enormous pistol and hold it upwards . look at auda inquiringly , he eye sparkling . auda yes ! tell they ! close shot . the boy fire . the two bound out of frame . mo . shot . from lawrence 's point of view , they tear away to the end of the wadi and wheel , in a spurt of sand , towards the well , so disappear from view . as they go , they passage bring lawrence 's camel uneasily to its foot , where it stand hesitant . mo . shot . lawrence race through the sand towards it . long shot ... auda and son arrive ... snatch water bottle from gasim : mo . shot ... auda with water bottle move forward from gasim .. or auda still - hold the bottle up . reaction shot ... raiding party . close shot ... auda empty bottle and throw it leave . 363 363a 364 364a 365 366 367 368 's 369 369a 370 371 '' 372 373 85 medium shot . auda throw bottle at gasim 's foot and circle well intercut may be with auda 's son watch . lawrence gallop up to beside auda 's son . auda 's son pull gun . daud and farraj reacting . lawrence hand raise - he smile . - auda 'sson ... smile - cock , gun and lose smile auda as well - dialogue " you empty that ' ali step in f.g. ' do not ' ( not yet shot ) auda : ' it be auda of the howeitat who speak ... ' ali ' it be Ali of the harith who answer ' ... move forward ... auda ' size up ali ( to be shot ) and move forward . auda and ali meet in two shot and continue as script auda ( as one who make a effort of memory , politely to recollect a obscure name , thoughtfully ) harith ... Ali ( he face clear ; with exaggerated ; delicacy ) do you father still steal ? lawrence auda ! ( sharply ) uda , ( auda turn ) close shot . lawrence from auda 's viewpoint . lawrence we be fifty ; you be two . how if we shot you down ? mo . shot . lawrence and auda 86 373 continue . auda why then you have a blood feud with the howeitat . do you desire it ? lawrence ( smile and bow he head ) not the Generals in Cairo nor the sultan , himself desire that . ( he smile , indicate the boy ) call off you man . 374 wider angle mo , shot lawrence , auda , the boy , ali . auda ( testily , and as one who repeat a lesson to a backward pupil ) no , no , boy -- this honour the unworthy . ( the boy holster the gun , and as lawrence ride up to he he continue , mock -apologetic ) ihave only just begin to teach he . lawrence ( serious and with a trace of disesteem ) and what be it you be teach he today ? {he indicate the scattered man and vessel ) howeitat hospitality ? auda ( he be catch ; he face darken and he growl ) be not clever with I , English ... ( he say to ali shortly and as though lawrence be not present ) who be he ? lawrence ( quickly ) a friend of Prince feisal 's . auda ( look at he and ali with some interest , cautiously ) so. ron 374 a 315 87 continue auda ( cont ) ( to ali ) . and you desire my hospitality ? lawrence ( quickly and look warningly and compellingly at ali ) yes. auda ( to ali ) be he you tongue ? ali ( shortly ) we do desire it . auda then it be give . ( deprecate ) if you will take it -- iam at my summer camp , a poor place . ( as one wishing to be even pedantically correct ) to I it seem a poor place , some man find ifmarvellous . tomorrow maybe I will allow the Turks to buy you , friend of feisal . but dine with I . ( as soon as he have say this magic phrase he pride become straightforward ) yes , dine with auda , English . dine with the howeitat , harith . it be my pleasure that you dine with I -- in wadi rhumm ! CUT to long shof .. angle down . wadrirhumm . this scene be epi in scale , biblical inform . the floor of the wadi be beneath we , yet its wall tower above we . auda 's camp comprise some hundred of black tent , one of particular magnificence have a clear space aroun : it . there be pool of water with small tree give shade , flock of black sheep , a herd of horse . smoke ascend from score of cooking fire at which the woman work , though here and there a woman make she way between the tent on a ass , follow by she child . one or two group of man be mount on trot horse , but most of the horse be tethere and the general effect be of leisure , or the very mildest sort of activity . the camera pan over this scene . a { co a a oo eo c «a oo '' a 5 376 377 378 379 . 380 381 382 383 384 385 386 387 388 389 . 88 long shot . the camp . the echo of a shot bound back and forth between the cliff . there be one second of inactivity , and then woman and child appear from almost all of the tent , look up and about they . Men appear similarly and run to they horse . mo . shot . auda , ali , lawrence . auda look down as before , he be no longer concerned to show off even slightly . he be deeply proud of what he see and also alert to see that it be do correctly . he fire another shot , and lead the way forward and down . long shot , the camp , from the floor of the wadi . the -echo of auda 's second shot still fly ; more and more mount man all make in one direction ; woman snatching child away from the horse into the shelter of the tent . mo , shot . by the big tent auda 's standard . a fly horseman pluck it from the ground . on SOUND track a gather noise of welcon : mo , tracking shot . the raider , majid with the banner prominent in the background . auda smile . long shot . what he see . we be approach the tent , from between which auda 's horsemen be speed to meet we , joy-shoot . mo . shot . camera pan along the raider . they look defiant . back be straighten . they dusty , crumpled , sometimes tear garment rearrange . they pack more closely together as the first of the horseman arrive . long shot . the raider , surround by the horsemen who circle about they , shouting auda 's name and fire into the air . mo . tracking shot . auda , lawrence , and ali . mo . shot . from they viewpoint ; camera pan swiftly with a group of encircle howeitat . mo . tracking shot . elder harith , majid , and other raider face ahead but look convertly sideways . mo , shot . auda spursa little ahead . mo . shot . from he viewpoint . the whirling wall of horseman break before he , wheeling away ( not too neatly ; it be not a circus ) to disclose the tent . shoot stop . mo . tracking shot . the raider ride between the tent . there be now no noise and the howeitat have form themselves into a huge and threaten escort , riding alongside . they clothes be good , in some case splendid ; they weapon be clean . they mount fresh and well - groom . 390 391 392 393 394 395 396 397 398 399 400 89 close tracking shot . majid . he turn he head and look balefully at : close tracking shot . howeitat standard bearer . he return the look . close tracking shot . gasim .. the howeitat be now crowd the raider ; he be nervous but do he best . close tracking shot . a splendid howeitat eye he up and down . close tracking shot . elder harith , be crowded . without look , he crowd back . mo . tracking shot . from the raider ' viewpoint , the move sea of howeitat look towards we , poker - face among the tenis . : mo . tracking shot . from behind , we pan over the head of the howeitat along the camel - borne raider , end on the leader . the whole cavalcade come to a stop , except for auda , ali and lawrence who ride on , watch by the other , into a clear space . mo . tracking shot . this three ride towards we , other in the background . auda dismount . he salute he guest , and gesture , auda auda 's tent . close shot . auda' tent . it be a woven palace . mo . shot . ata signal from the elder harith , the camel of the raider sink down to they knee among the horseman , so seem to be swallow up . dissolve inside auda' tent . night . it be brilliantly light within . the black night without be ringed with fire . the remain of a splendid meal be before they . slave attend with coffee . auda recline backwards and belch politely . he be satiate but he little eye be wickedly alive . he have much on he mind , auda ( reflectively ) this thing you work against akaba . what profit do you hope from it ? ( 2 400 90 continue . ali we work it for feisal of Mecca . the harith do not work for profit . ( unlike some he could mention ) auda ( unruffled ) well , if it be in a man to be a servant , sherif Ali , he could find worse master than feisal . but I -- I cannot ' serve . lawrence ( quietly ) you permit the Turks to stay in akaba . auda ( short ) yes . it be my pleasure . lawrence lean forward and take a morsel from the plate . carefully . lawrence we do not work this thing for feisal ... auda ( insolently , to ali ) no ? for the English then ? lawrence ( quick ) for the Arabs . auda the Arabs ? ... the howeitat , ageyli , rualla , beni sahkr , this I know - I have even hear of the harith - but the " Arabs " : what tribe be that ? lawrence laugh , auda look pleased , but : lawrence they be a tribe : of slave . and auda go gray at the insult . o 400 continue 91 lawrence they serve the Turks . auda ( mutter ) well they be nothing to I . my tribe be the howeitat ! ali who work only for profit . auda who work at auda 's pleasure ! lawrence and auda 's pleasure be to serve the Turks . auda ( deeply dangerous , between . incredulity and rage ) serve ? I , serve ? : lawrence it be the servant who take money . auda leap to he foot and back away from this moral threat as another man might from a physical one . auda Tam auda ibu tayi ! he go to the edge of the tent and bawl into the darkness : do auda ' serve ? do auda ibu tayi serve ? he face he persecutor and go into a furious litany : I carry twenty - three great wound all get in battle ! seventy - five man I have kill with my own hand , in battle ! I scatter , I burn my enemy ' tent ! I take away they flock and herd . the Turks pay I a golden treasure . yet iam poor ! ... because I ama river to my people ! be that service ? lawrence no . 7 92 o 400 continue auda see he admiration be genuine . he approach . he sit . ' majid ( sadly ) ' 5s yet now it seem auda have grow old . ' and lose he taste for fight . auda it be well you say it in my tent . thou tulip . , ali 's yet this be a tulip the Turks could not buy . auda of why should they wish to ? . ( to lawrence ) now I will tell you what they pay I . and you will tell I if this be a servant 's wage . ( impressive ) they pay I , month by month ... one hundred golden guinea . dl ali , majid , and other be dumbfounded , but : 's lawrence a hundred and fifty , auda . auda who tell thee that ? on lawrence t3 thave long ear . auda and a long tongue between they . '' lawrence a hundred , a hundred and fifty , what matter ? it be a trifle . ( auda stare ) a trifle . which they take from a great box cs they have ... a ali '' in akaba . od oo 400 continue auda , ( glower ) : in akaba ? oo lawrence ' where else ? ' auda you trouble I ! like woman ! be lawrence laugh delightedly . lawrence Friends , we have be foolish . oo will not come to akaba ... auda no. on lawrence em --- for money --- auda no. '' lawrence --- for feisal --- auda no. I lawrence auda then : ) 93 auda -- nor to drive the Turks away . he will come because it be he pleasure . ( contemplate he , grimly , thy mother mate with a scorpion . dissolve > y 401 long shot . early morning . auda' camp . the column ard and bodyguard at the rear . 402 mo . shot . auda mount . °y be assemble in reverse order , i.e. with the leader , they stand - 402 403 404 405 406 407 408 409 94 continue auda make God you agent ! the leader mount and move off between the ' tribesmen . long shot . as they advance , the tribesmen cry : tribesmen auda ibu tayi ! auda peace be with you ! long shot . as they move , they peel up they follower as in a country dance , behind they . a tremendous amount of ' show - off take place in the matter of horsemanship . extreme long aerial shot . the howeitat , , ant -like , crawl away from the cliff of rhumm across a limitless landscape . dissolve extreme long shot . right . we look across fold after fold of lunar mountain , to where the light of a town twinkle , and the sea . in foreground lawrence and ali look towards this . ali look to lawrence , smile at he expression and say : ali yes. akaba ... close shot . lawrence roll over happily and slither down the slope a little . he look down contentedly at : mo . long shot . p.o.v. lawrence . in the wadi below , the column . there be no fire or shelter , but the beast gather in clump and the man mostly lie or sit , in group . the low mur - - mur of they voice ascend . close shot . ali slither down to join lawrence . ali tomorrow we will go and get it . lawrence ( soberly ) D 's you think we shall ? wwe 409 410 411 412 '' 413 95 continue ali yes , if you be right about the gun . lawrence open he mouth to reply but from the wadi a single shot cannon out . he look to ali , but after a single split 's beat 's ali be go from the frame with a celerity which indicate that some specific , serious thing have happen . mo . long shot p.0.v. lawrence . in the wadi , the bedouin be on they foot , converge on a point where there be a swirl knot of man , and shouting . mo . tracking shot . ali descend in a rush . just as he be leave the foot of the frame , lawrence appear at the head of it , follow more slowly . mo . shot . in the wadi a sort of huge rugby scrum have form round something we cannot see , of mix harith and howeitat . this dark mass , which emit a roaring as of giant bee , gyrate , struggle , swing sideways to reveal in a patch of moonlight , ali , auda , majid and two senior howeitat in altercation at the foot of the wadi wall . lawrence drop into view behind they . close shot . this group . auda say flatly into ali 's face , not as one who seek to convince but as one who state a unalter - able fact : auda he kill . he die . at this the two howeitat murmur approval , while ali and majid can only fall silent , and auda break away , ( as lawrence join the group ) , follow by he two , from one of whom he seize a rifle , and thrust he way into the scrum which fall almost silent , open for he . ali ( to lawrence ) this be the end of akaba . he go and stand with he face to the rock wall , leave lawrence look in consternation at majid who say immediately : majid one of we man have murder one of auda 's man . 96 yo 413 continue : lawrence ( kmow the full significance of this . he be furious . he groan ) oo . oh ... why ? majid ( shrug ) theft ... blood feud ... it make no matter '' why . lawrence spin about . lawrence ali! ali , he back to lawrence , shake he head dumbly . he walk away , lawrence stare after he , . to where : . 414 mo . shot . p.o.v. lawrence . the harith be gather , bo come up with they rifle , wind headclothes about they face , . grimly face : 415 quick close shot . lawrence look the other way , to : 416 mo . shot . p.o.v. lawrence . the howeitat gather round '' auda and the culprit . majid ( on SOUND track ) ( resign ) it be a ancient wound . 1 : 417 close shot . lawrence lawrence I do not come here to watch a tribal blood - p bath ! : he thrust he way after auda . 418 close shot . auda , lawrence , the surround howeitat . _ the victim , below frame and surround . '' ~ auda ) owt ( warningly ) it be the law , auren --- 97 418 continue lawrence the Law say that the man must die . if he die will that content the howeitat ? . auda oo ( cautiously ) yes . lawrence thrust from he . '' 419 med.shot . look down on the scene ... lawrence stand be - tween the two group . lawrence ( call ) D sherif Ali ! if none of Lord auda 's man harm any of yours , will that content the harith ? ali ( call , eagerly , cut off a > oo dubious murmur from he man ) yes ! lawrence then I will execute the Law ! I have no tribe ---! : 420 extreme close shot . lawrence -- and no-one be offended ! lawrence move towards the open ring of howeitat and imme - iately we CUT violently from this grave and almost ritualistic scene to : wd 421 close shot . the fugitive , hold , face down , kneel by three or four howeitat . he be struggle and weep , and he captor be breathe hard . lawrence 's foot enter frame : and stop . fugitive look up . ~ 422 extreme close shot . the tear stain face of gasim . he have 's not be manhandle . ( no blood stain - this be tribal law , not mob C 5 violence ) 423 extreme close shot . lawrence , he eye widen in horror . nm C ) 423 '' 424 '' '' ° 425 eo 426 C 427 be 428 '' '' 429 98 continue lawrence gasim ! close shot . widen toinclude lawrence . a wild hope spread over gasim 's face ; he nod vigorously , gulp and snuffling , a ridiculous smile of apology on he feature . ~ lawrence ( he voice grate like something mechanical ) do you do it ? gasim 's smile become puzzle . either lawrence be for he or against he he think . then again he nod , he expression enquire . lawrence raise hispistol , gasim fling himself away and sideways from he captor , who skip nimbly out of line of fire , and at the top of the screen we see the foot of the howeitat scatter . it be ugly , scramble , without dignity . close shot . lawrence . his face wooden , half avert , he fire . he take fresh aim and fire again , and again . it be clear that gasim be still alive and fling himself about on the ground . lawrence 's face be desperate . mo . panning shot . Men be walk away from the execution which we cannot see , all radiating away from it as more shot sound out , they face stony and calm , some pass close past camera . close shot . lawrence . he turn away and walk , camera tracking backward from he . his face be in the last degree shocked , not merely with the shock of a horrible experience , but ofa man who have just hear horrible news . tracking shot . p.o.v. lawrence , the back of man walk away from he ( from the execution , actually , but it look as though from he ) . one face he and wait . it be auda . as lawrence draw up with he , he nod and say softly and on a note of approval , of quiet congratulation . auda well , auren . close tracking shot . lawrence walk straight past he , not swerving a inch , clearly prepare to hurl auda from he path if auda do not stand aside --- which he do , and : 430 '' of | | 431 ie | 432 I '' '' 433 iq C 434 c 435 i 99 close shot auda . he look not offended , but absolutely puzzle and withal curious .. he have simply no comprehension of the source of lawrence 's distress . ali join auda in frame , look off after he friend . auda what ail the englishman ? ali that that he kill be the man be bring out of the nefud . auda ( comprehend ) ( he shrug ) it be write then . better to have leave he . ali leave the frame after lawrence . | lawrence . ali join he in frame and fall into step , in silence , for a little ; he eye light on the pistol still in lawrence 's hand . ; close shot . the pistol . ali speak on SOUND track . ali ( on SOUND track ) , ( gently ) it be execution , auren . no shame in that ... besides , it be necessary . close shot . ali and lawrence , who appear not to have hear . ali ( smile uncomfortably ) you give life and you take it . ( placate ) the write be still yours , lawrence look at he in horror and fear . look at the pistol . send it spin away from he . flash shot . the pistol cut a glitter arc in the moonlight . med.shot . a group of howeitat , rualla , and harith , rush for it , excited and quarrelsome , innocent as schoolboy . on SOUND track , beneath they clamour , a rumble rise , become a thunder and : cuT oo 436 437 438 439 440 . 441 442 443 100 medium shot . the raider thunder towards we in line abreast , stretch from side to side of wadi akaba . the thunder be deafen , the hoof be fly , they be invincible . we have just time to glimpse auda in the van when with a crescendo of noise they sweep past we , camera panning swiftly to follow they as they leave we under a curtain of dust . in this curtain we can make out lawrence follow ( with the other camel - rider ) in the wake of the tidal wave he have raise but cannot lead . as.they leave we of course the thunder die away , but not to silence , and : panning shot . the turkish Kitchen area . on SOUND track the faint sound of the charge . a queue of man with enamel plate be serve by cook with lady in foreground . panning , middle - ground be occupy by that already serve seat on bench at table under awning . then , in background a platoon of riflemen ( the New Guard for the day no doubt ) be inspect by a officer . the noise of the charge grow we pan back at once and see men at the table raise they head curiously . then , in the queue men stare off incredulously . one man 's food slide from he plate , and : long-shot . the charge , they p.o . V. under its curtain of dust , thunder increase steadily but without a break . panning shot , in the Kitchen area , the men in the queue and at the table run aimlessly . in background we see the riflemen . more purposefully take cover ( thunder of hoof grow steadily ) and : : the officer frantically work a field telephone , but he turn into camera instinctively cring as the thunder become overwhelming and : the charge , on top of camera engulf we . Thunder fortissimo . as though sweep up in it , moving shot , p.o.v. the charge Arabs . Turks scatter before we , throw up they arm , go down . Thunder fortissimo . Thunder continue but dimminuendo . in a line across the wadi be four sandbagge Machine gun pit . we shoot along the line and at the far side of the wadi be many neat tent . the same at this side of the wadi , therefore in foreground . in the pit turk struggle grimly , without panic , valiantly , to rip the cover from the heavy gun , to lug they to the reverse side of the position , to loadthem .. the thunder be grow ; we almost want they to succeed . one team do loose off a brief hesitant burst but the charge burst on screen , thunder fortissimo , and with hoarse cry they be shot down , sabre , overrun in a twinkle . in the rear of the charge a horseman deftly sever the guy of the foreground tent , like a circus turn , and fly off again and '' 443 444 - 445 / 484 485 486 487 488 489 490 491 101 continue we just have time to see the tent on the far side go down with the artificial neatness of a conjure trick . this destroyer have be leave by the main charge which we hear recede and : long shot . from a eminence at the end of the wadi we hear the pop rifle , the distant cry , the distant thunder as the charge , still in perfect line , roll up the last turkish defence , the camp behind it in chaos , and only now at this discreet distance do we see the strewn dead among the wreckage , in sufficient number to indicate total victory . we pan to follow the charge , end when the helpless big gun loom on frame in foreground , with in the distance akaba town , its beach and seashore . cuut deleted . rostrum shot - panning . across wall and disclose long shot lawrence and camel go down to the sea . as it turn along the surf . medium shot . panning with lawrence and camel walk through surf and come to a halt . close shot . lawrence . he look around he , head raise . in the manner of a conquerer . ( enough footage for trumpet and orchestra to develop . ) he glance towards the town , lower he head , put he rifle away and wipe he hand on he clothing . he sit , he head againraise , look out to sea . after a moment or two the flowers fall past he face , he look downward . intercut . insert of the flowers float on the water . resume close shot . lawrence - he turn in he saddle and see : close shot . ali ( who be just behind ) ali the miracle be accomplish . ( point to the flower ) garland for the conqueror . close shot . lawrence : lawrence oh. of ot a 102 491 continue he turn and look down at the water again . 492 close shot . the flowers . they be drift backwards and forward in the water . 493 medium shot . lawrence and ali . lawrence jump from he camel and camera pan with he into close shot as he chase the flowers and finally pick they up . 494 close shot . ali . ali tribute for the Prince Flowers for the man ... 495 close shot . lawrence ( as from ali 's viewpoint ) . he want to respond . lawrence ( shrugging ) I be none of that thing . Ali . 496 medium shot . lawrence in foreground - ali in background . ali what then ? lawrence do not know . ( hold up the flower ) thanks . ( look out over the sea ) my god I love this country . there be a soft explosion off . lawrence look towards the town . lawrence what ...? 4'n / close shot . ali - he turn look towards the town . ali auda . 500 close shot . lawrence . his eyebrow be raise ; he be privately shaking with inner laughter at the scene . lawrence / ( mildly ) have you look thoroughly ? es 500 501 502 503 504 103 continue behind he a breathless howeitat crash in . he glance round nervously at the threaten tableau , salaam to lawrence with 's nervous haste and say to auda excitedly : howeitat auda ibu tayi ! I have find it ! he gesture invitingly towards the door , and lawrence stand aside as auda and he howeitat , noisy again , pour through it . lawrence and ali go swiftly to the wireless set and after a single glance : close shot . angle up . ali look at lawrence , anxiously , and lawrence after a moment 's scrutiny : lawrence that 's a pity . medium shot . lawrence walk away and stop . pick up a dispatch case . he think . he radiate electric energy and confidence . lawrence Ali , get a message down the coast to yenbo . tell feisal to find boat -- any boat -- and bring the arab Army here to akaba . quickly . ali and you ? lawrence I be go to tell the Generals . ( with inner relish ) in Cairo ! anticipate opposition , lawrence be deliberately insouciant ; he continue to be occupy with the dispatch case . lawrence ( go ) yes , ' cross sinai . close shot . at this farraj and daud be alert and wildly hope - ful . on SOUND track , ali say : ali " sinai ! " lawrence yes . ali with this ? 504 505 506 507 104 continue lawrence they will be alright with I . he say this with a little reproving laugh in he voice , as though sinai be the local park and ali 's anxiety comical . but see ali 's face he reach out , take ali by one of he cross strap and add : lawrence look Ali . ' * ( he shake he gently , smile ) if any of you bedouin arrive in Cairo and tell they that we have take akaba , the Generals would laugh ! . ali ( quietly , but with the bitterness of frustrated love ) isee . in Cairo you will put off this funny clothes ; you will wear trousers and tell storey of we quaintness and barbarity . and then they will believe you . during this , the smile fade from lawrence 's feature and by its end he have a face of stone . he pause , then say softly into ali 's face : lawrence you be a ignorant man . close shot . in a ancient-strong room with a small bar window , two howeitat proffer a metal chest to auda . he fling from it a final handful of grubby paper currency , which hang in the air and litter the floor like snow , and roar : : auda Paper ! medium shot . he leave the strong room , which bring he into the tunnel through which lawrence must leave the courtyard . he stop as he see lawrence , prepare he mount , ali by he , daud and farraj behind . auda there be no gold in akaba . no gold ! no " great box ! " close shot . lawrence glance past auda but see that the tunnel be fill with auda 's man . he relax in he saddle and say loudly and with a touch of mild contempt : lawrence do auda come to akaha for gold ? auda for my pleasure as you say , but gold yy 507 oo ! , | 508 ° 6 509 '' D a 510 4 % 511 om 512 . ) ad 513 e> 105 continue auda . ( cont ) be honourable and auren promise gold ... ( deliberately ) auren lie . mo . shot . farraj and daud each slam a round into the breach of he rifle , with that particular unmistakeable noise : mo . shot . auda and he man suddenly stop loung and be alert . auda peer past lawrence and laugh . , lawrence see , auda . he open the despatch case and take from it a sheaf of papers , on the back of one of which he write with a pencil , also from the despatch case , say loudly as he do so : the Crown of England promise to pay 5,000 golden guinea to auda ibuy tayi . " ( still scribbling he add for he own amusement ) sign in his majesty 's absence by ... ( a flourishing signature ) +e. I . close shot . p.o. V. lawrence , auda move alongside he camel and hold up he hand rather suspiciously for the paper . lawrence lean down into the frame and hand it to he , say as he do so : lawrence in ten day I will be back with gold . close shot , lawrence he straighten in the saddle and add ringingly for the benefit of all that now assemble : lawrence with gold , with gun ! with everything ! close shot . auda as before , unimpress . auda ten day ? you will cross sinai ? lawrence why not ? . mose do . and he urge he beast past auda and into the tunnel . close shot . farraj and daud pass auda follow lawrence . o 514 4 515 2 516 106 close shot . auda , call after : auda and you will take the -- child ? lawrence 's figure be already dim . his voice sail clearly back to auda , lawrence mose do ! auda ( glaring after he ) mose be a prophet ! he glower at the paper in he hand and fire a parting shot through the now empty tunnel beyond which only emptiness can be see . auda ( call ) and beloved of God ! auda turn . his face be neither angry nor take aback , but perfectly still and very , very thoughtful . he say to ali , as one who ponder calmly | but with apprehension a tiny piece of vital evidence : auda he say there be gold here . he lie . he be not perfect . and he make perfection sound a reasonable , indeed necessary , requirement in a man . long shot . the sinai desert . the star be disappear ina red dawn . the camera pan across the desolate beauty of it into a mo . shot of lawrence , farraj and daud riding abreast . since they be riding westward they be light from behind by red light . lawrence rein in and the other follow suit . they look back enquiringly . lawrence ( softly ) look ! long shot . they viewpoint . a huge dust devil light by the sunrise . lawrence ( off ) a pillar of fire . 517 518 519 520 521 522 523 107 close shot . lawrence and the two boy . daud look back ' at lawrence uncomprehendingly . daud ' no Lord , sand . ) lawrence laugh and ride forward . dissolve extreme long shot . a featureless desert plain . Broad day - light , pale sky , pale sand . the impression of heat less overwhelm - ing than on the mud flat but the droughtiness absolute . Three , four , five dust devil at vary distance , veer and waver incon - stantly over the plain . ( we want here , not geographical fact , but metaphysical atmosphere ) one of this column bear down on the three tiny figure . mo . shot . the three rider envelop in the whirling dust , head down , suffer it . it be suddenly go . they be too tired to comment , only move forward again . close tracking shot . farraj and daud try to spit but have no spittle . lawrence shake he clothes . close shot . a bright object fall silently on the sand . the camel foot move on as the camera move in on the object . itis lawrence 's compass . dissolve long shot . sinai . the terrain now more strange and confuse . the three rider come to a stop . close shot . lawrence feel he robe for he compass , fail to find it and look back . the two boy follow he gaze not understanding . lawrence ( cupping he empty hand as if he be hold it ) my compass . they fatigue face look at he , alarmed . lawrence no matter . if we ride West , we must strike the Canal . due West . dissolve oo a lv ay 524 525 526 108 mo . shot . the three rider recede from camera straight into the sunset . the sun have go . it be nearly dark . close shot tracking . the two boy look age with fatigue as they plod forward . farraj Lord ( lawrence look at he ) can we not rest ? lawrence ( sharply ) itold you . no rest . until they know that ihave akaba . they plod forward . lawrence have you sleep in bed ? they look at he but be too miserable to answer . lawrence farraj ? ( farraj nod ) daud ? ( daud nod ) with sheet ? tomorrow night , the finest sheet , in the finest room , in the finest hotel in Cairo . daud can just manage a smile and a dubious angle of the head . lawrence I promise it ! daud ( with a effort , croaking ) then it shall be so , Lord . it 'is almost dark . dissolve long shot . day . a windswept foggy landscape of enormous sand dune . as lawrence and farraj , now on foot , drag they grumble camel down the side of a large dune , the small figure of daud and he camel appear on the crest above they some hundred + , a 109 526 continue co yard away . he stand look down at lawrence and farraj wonder whether to make the effort to join they or go straight down . lawrence and farraj reach the bottom of the dune and stop in close shot . we now see that they lip be badly crack so and that they face be mask by grey dust . they stand still for a moment , breathe hard , then lawrence turn ; wearily and impatiently he signal daud to go down . daud half raise he hand in reply as lawrence beckon to farraj and they move on . '' ) 527 close shot .. daud . he take the rein of he camel and pull it over the crest , down the slope . the camera pan with they as they gather momentum and plunge downward . ' 528 close.shot . they run into a basin of soft sand at the bottom of D the dune . they be knee deep in it . 529 close up . daud 's camel . it let out a frighten grunt and jerk back its head . oa 530 mo . shot . the rein fly out of daud 's hand as the frighten ot animal back away from he . he shout at the camel , but not | until he try to move do he realise the extent to which he leg have sink into the sand . he look . out towards lawrence and farraj . 43 531 long shot . daud 's viewpoint . lawrence and farraj plod on oblivious to what have happen . 532 close shot . daud . the sand be now up to he thigh . he look around desperately with fear in he eye . 533 close shot . his camel , stand still , its dangle rein just out of reach . 584 close shot . daud . he make a great effort to move but he hand sink in the sand as he try to press himself up . he yell J above the wind : daud farraj ! 535 close shot . farraj . he be unaware of he friend 's plight as he stagger on through a particularly difficult patch . he just manage ( ) to wave a arm in a exchange of greeting . o 536 537 538 539 540 541 542 543 544 545 546 547 548 110 close shot . daud . for the last time he control he panic . he twist round to face he camel and force himself to speak winningly . daud aruka ... aruka ...? close shot . the camel . she lower she head , puzzle . close shot . daud and the camel . daud reach for the rein . they be still too : far . close shot . daud . he be up to he chest . daud aruka ... aruka ...? close shot . daud and the camel . she edge forward . in one moment daud grab the rein and she forefeet sink in the sand . close shot . angle up from daud 's viewpoint .. the camel make a tear leap sideways and away , loudly bellow as she do so . . long shot . low angle . lawrence and farrad plodd away up the slope . they turn . they run floundering towards we . as they come , daud 's camel dash from behind camera and = towards they , monstrous because of we low angle . flash shot . the face of farraj , run . flash shot . the face of lawrence , run . quick low angle shot . the camel of . farraj and lawrence . they spin out of screen . quick close shot . daud . he scream . daud auren ! mo . shot . the three camel tear up to the crest of the rise . two of they disappear over it . mo . shot . daud 's head and shoulder in foreground , with lawrence and farraj struggle towards he in background . his mouth quiver with fright as he repeat : daud auren ! auren . 5 549 550 551 552 553 554 555 556 557 558 559 560 111 close tracking shot . lawrence and farraj lurching forward through the sand gasp for breath . close up . daud . he make a desperate effort to sustain he level by stretch out he arm , but he continue to sink and the plow sand begin to lap round he shoulder . mo . shot . farraj and lawrence . farrad make a last frantic rush forward , but within three or four yard of he friend he too sink in above the nees . lawrence fling himself forward on he belly and barely manage to pull he back to safety . close up . daud . the sand around he neck . close shot . lawrence . he rip cff he headcloth , unwind it , and fling the free end towards daud . close up . daud . his chin be beginning to sink as the end of the head cloth fall into picture . he just manage . to get hold of it with both hand . close up . lawrence . take the strain on the taut cloth . the vibration show how much strength he be exercise . close up . daud . the same vibration be repeat , we see at once that he strength will be insufficient . he begin to whimper . his hand slip on the cloth and slip again . the sand mount towards he mouth and he begin to choke . close shot . farraj dash forward . lawrence trip he , throw he to the ground and hold he down . farraj suddenly relax , he face turn away from lawrence , whose face have go old and bitter . the camera begin to move back and upwards . more and more sand come into picture . in a futile gesture of atonement , lawrence brushes sand from farrau 's back . long shot . the two figure . in the background at . the head of the rise , the single camel . dissolve mo . tracking shot . the screen be full of whirling white powder . between the gust we can dimly make out the camel move forward , with farraj mount and lawrence walk . they emerge from it , with they face like plaster cast . close shot . farraj look down . he take a decision and tap the camel to kneel . 112 C ) 561 mo . shot . the camel imeeling . lawrence look at farraj oo '' as though for instruction , but unsee . farrai , ( hesitant ) , auren ... why do you walk ? ( lawrence make no answer . '' farraj speak as though he ' a have ) : .++ but why , Lord ...? but there be room ' for both ; ( sharply ) ' oc auren ! ( the note of fear bring some return of awareness into lawrence 's face . eagerly , , indicate lawrence 's foot ) . 's oo why , Lord ? it serve no purpose --- there '' be room for both . , lawrence nod and even smile a little , as one take a well make point . he move to ride with farraj . I ey eo dissolve ; , . '' 562 longshot . there be a strange drum on the SOUND track . ' ' a bank of dust sweeping away from we . it disclose lawrence ' and farraj on they camel , riding towards we . above the drum ; ne we hear the clear voice of the boy and see he point . farraj auren ! ... look ! 45 563 long shot tracking . from they viewpoint . a collection . of ° army hutment and a flagpole . swirl of dust chase one another . a fray halyard drum rhythmically against its blister flagpole . ( this be what we hear ) 564 close tracking shot . after a glance at lawrence , farraj o take it upon himself to kick the camel into a trot . at once lawrence accept it , control the camel properly and conscientiously , but he face do not change . 565 : mo . shot . camera pan with the camel , as , at a break trot , oo it ride in among the building and halt . cc ) farraj auren ? oo CD oo ' ' ' ' oo ' 's ' S ' cc 's ' , ' 4 3 I C '' 566 567 568 569 570 571 572 573 574 575 113 close shot . but with quick tact he compromise and slip to the ground without wait for the camel to kneel . mo . shot . camera pan with farrad as he run to the principal building . close shot . he go in . the door swing behind he . it bear a wooden . notice , now split and so fade as to be barely readable except for one word , in red ( now pink ) " warning " . under this , in black ( now gray ) this building be Army property . it be a offence ...' ( here the wording become perfecily illegible ) close shot . the notice . close shol . lawrence regard the notice on the swinging door , which we hear bang , as also the slapping of the halyard and the moan of the wind . close shot . ( from he angle ) the swinging door . close shot . lawrence , as before , he expression trance but with inward concentration , not dreamy . close shot . ( froim he angle ) the swinging door . 's close shot . lawrence , as before . _ farraj ( on SOUND track ) auren ! auren ! farraj cause lawrence 's camel to kneel . urgent and with a return of fear , he repeat : farraj auren ! farraj dash some of the water into lawrence 's face . we expect to see lawrence jerk out of he trance but instead he merely say quite calmly : lawrence all right farraj . it 's all right . and he alight from the camel and he expression have not change and we know that this be no trance , or if it be , it be one which will last a lifetime . mo . long tracking shot . he allow farraj , who smile uncertainly into he face , to lead he up to and through the swinging 0 575 576 577 578 579 580 581 . Canal stretch away into the distance , marvellous in its extent 114 continue door . ( no dotting of " i 's " here ; he pay it no attention ) . | | ' mo . shot , inside the hut , dark after the sunlight . Doors | lead off a dusty central corridor . in the office we glimpse : remnant of office furniture and curl up dehydrated notice . in some place the curl sheet of corrugate iron have fall inwards , revealing the sky , so that he pass from shadow to light and into | shadow again . farraj run ahead and fling open the far door . | | long shot . farraj and lawrence leave the hutment . farraj drag he by the hand towards a sandbank in the fore - ground of the picture . as they climb the bank the camera crane back and upward until they come to a halt in close shot against the blue sky . lawrence stare . from the very faint expression of he face we perhaps can just ascertain that what he see be a i solution to a problem , and the commencement to another . long shot . the camera be shoot across the Suez Canal ( from the African Bank ) on to the small figure of lawrence and farraj on the far side . after a moment 's pause the camera pan off the two figure into a long shot disclose the and its humanity . there be the sound of a motorcycle and we see a trail of dust fast approach along the roadway now in the fore - ground of picture . close shot . farraj and lawrence . farrad leap up and down wave he arm and call : farraj aye-aye-aye-aye-aye ! ! long shot . from farraj 's p.o. V. across the canal we see the motorcyclist approach along the far bank . he begin to throttle down . , close shot . the motorcyclist come to a halt . he be so goggle and mufflere as to be anonymous . he wear no helmet and wear the uniform of a british n.c . o. with individual variation which make he as like as possible the anonymous figure of lawrence as we first see he . he peer across the Canal , then switch off the engine , pull the muffler from he mouth , become partially human . : motorcyclist ( shouting ) - who be you ? 3 oo 583 584 585 586 587 588 589 590 591 115 long shot . from the motorcyclist's p.o. V. we see the small figure of lawrence and farraj across the water . farraj look at lawrence who do not reply . farraj then wave he arm in silence . close shot . the motorcylist . he call again . " motorcyclist who be you 's ? who be you ? long shot . lawrence and farrad insignificant on the far side . the voice cf the motorcyclist echve between the em- bankment . who.are you ? who be you ? dissolve mo . shot . a tramcar rattles its way through a crowded noisy street in cairo . as it pass across the picture it disclose a army truck follow by a motorcyclist who be again goggle and mufflere in anonymity . close shot . in the back of the truck be lawrence and farraj . the boy be asleep with he mouth open and lawrence steady he against the sway of the truck . both have have some sort of a wash and the dust have be remove from they sun-bake face . lawrence idly raise he eye towards the rear of the truck , close shot . through the narrow gap in the flap awning at the truck , a cairo street , with motor bike follow . close shot . lawrence and farraj . the truck swerve to the side , and lawrence hold the sagging boy upright . long shot . the skyline of Cairo with a british flag in foreground , close shot . lawrence and farraj in foreground of picture . the truck have halt and through the awning in background , we catch a glimpse of a portico belong to a very big building . as the shot begin the driver throw down the tailboard with a crash . farraj struggle out of sleep with a cry of desperate warning . farraj daud ! lawrence look as though strike . farraj , hearing the mental echo of he own cry , look up sharply and apprehensively at he . 4m 591 592 593 594 595 596 597 598 i16 continue driver ( puzzle , to lawrence ) we be here , sir . close shot . the motorcyclist , . stationary , from behind . he twist he head ( goggle now push up to reveal , after all , a ordinary English face ) to see what he strange charge be do now . close shot . lawrence and farraj have dismounted , and address themselves to the step . lawrence keep one hand on farraj as though this be the one duty he be sure of . close shot . driver , puzzle , touch , amused , but " keep well out if it , " saunter towards he cab , with one eye on farraj and lawrence ( off screen ) . driver ( with curiosity and some sympathy ) you go in there , sir ? mo . shot . lawrence and farraj . lawrence slow he pace but do not stop . lawrence yes . close shot . the driver , this not be he problem , nod and swing himself into the cab . mo . shot . we hear the truck start up . the camera pan and track with lawrence and farraj as they climb the last few step , cross a long open corridor run the length of the building , and pass through a large doorway open out into a patio . part of the patio be roped off and by a open in the center a provost sergeant be seat at a desk . near he be two m.p. corporal on duty . two major pass the corporal on they way out . the corporal salute . mo . shot . lawrence and farraj wander past the two corporal . they be surprised , but one recover before the other . corporal here ! farraj glance backwards but lawrence , hold he by the hand , ee cg 598 599 117 continue lead he on past the provost sergeant who look up from he desk . provost sergeant here ! you ! lawrence and farraj obediently turn at the provost sergeant 's shout . his indignation be soften by amusement at this bizarre and evidently harmless intrusion . provost sergeant ( rise , quite kindly ) where the hell d' you think you be go mustapha ? mo . shot . lawrence gesture vaguely towards one of the corridor lead off the patic . he be not " mickey take . " lawrenc : er ... we be thirsty . . the provost sergeant approach , stare hard . his expression change . he speak gently . provost sergeant mister lawrence , be it ? lawrence yes . provost sergeant ( take in he clothes - and farraj ) be you go to the officer ' bar , sir ? lawrence yes . lawrence turn and go , propelling farraj before he . the provost sergeant be shocked and call after he : provost sergeant you can not take he in there , sir . farraj turn round again but lawrence do not appear to have hear anything . C ) 600 601 602 118 med.shot . the provost sergeant and corporal stare after they . all be astonished and shocked , but a certain pleasure begin to dawn within the provost sergeant , who can anticipate : long shot . the club . a dozen officer seat or stand at table , the bar itself vacant . the officer be converse quietly . among other we see the club secretary from the billiards sequence . in background lawrence and farraj enter and make towards the bar . one by one the officer see they and absolute incredulous silénce fall , for they look completely arab . nobody move . the camera pan with lawrence and farraj into a close shot as they come to a standstill in front of the har . the arab bartender be flung into instantaneous alarm and embarrassment partly on he own , and partly on lawrence 's behalf , who regards he blankly . bartender ( lean forward , urgently confide ) no. no . you must --- you must -- no -- no -- no -- no. ( hiss ) go , effendi , go ! he glance nervously at the thunderstruck officer and raise he voice officiously . bartender get out ! you must get out ! get out ! close shot . lawrence and farraj over the bartender 's shoulder with the officer in the background . the bartender make a move across picture in order to round the bar , but suddenly lawrence grip he and turn he back into he first position . lawrence 's face hegin to show some sort of response to he situation . the response be venomous .anger . he speak very clear and Oxford in this silence . lawrence we want two large glass of lemonade . bartender ( utterly lose ) ... this be a bar for british officer . lawrence ( as one for whom wit be a unavoidable burden ) that 's all right ; we be not particular . 's jo 602 i19 continue there be a clatter from the background as the secretary get up from he chair . secretary lawrence ! he come up to lawrence and farraj . be you off you head ! lawrence look about he at the decent , puzzle English face , uncomprehend and therefore beginning to be indignant . hatred begin to shine in he eye . the camera begin to track in . lawrence no , oddly enough I 'm. not . one or two more officer have risento they foot . they be not enraged but displease and spontaneously disapprove . the little oddity with he self regard and cryptic utterance have really go too far with this latest escapade . tolerance must be with - draw . one of they call out and other join in , overlap . captain now look here lawrence , just clear out will you ! the other yes , goon , clear out ! ( in a no -nonsense voice ) get that boy out of here , lawrence ! ( peremptory ) oh go away , lawrence . ( wearily ) the secretary place a firm grasp on farraj 's upper arm , say , tight - lipped : secretary we will have this one out , anyway . lawrence tear the secretary 's hand from farraj and fling it away . the physical act triggers a more violent vocal reaction from the officer . officer clear out ! a ) 602 cc '' ' D 603 / = not 4 120 continue officer ( cont ) clear off , lawrence ! : get that wog out of here ! clear off ! imshi ! yes , go on , imshi ! take that little wog out ! -- the little woz ! -- little wog ! imshi , the pair of you ! imshi ! imshi ! imshi ! brighton walk in and stop , frown and displease . brighton ( cold and sharp ) what 's go on ? mo .shot . lawrence , farraj and secretary in the foreground at the bar . brighton and the officer in the back - ground . the overlap babble cease and there be a awkward silence as brighton walk foward to the bar . the secretary step back , make way for brighton as he pass he . secretary ( murmure with a nice blend of discreet indignation ) it 's lawrence , sir . brighton stare and stare at lawrence , who turn deliberately away and address the bartender . lawrence ( softly ) lemonade , with ice . the bartender jerk into action . and bark : brighton go up to lawrence brighton well ! explain yourself ! the bartender pass two glass of lemonade before lawrence , lawrence pass one to farraj , then turn to brighton , take a breath deliberately . C ( of 121 603 / continue lawrence we have take akahba . brighton give a irritable interrogative grunt . the precise meaning of the word be too outlandish for he to take in . brighton hm ? several officer have gather round at a discreet distance . there be a complete silence all round save for the considerable noise of farraj drink . lawrence ( to bartender ) he like you lemonade . the content of lawrence 's word be still too unexpected to be take in . brighton wrinkle he brow . he be try to find out what lawrence can really be meaning for he be sufficiently sensitive to see that he mean something and something serious . brighton taken akaba ? who have ? lawrence we have ... we side in the war have . the wog have . we have . 605 / close shot . brighton look at lawrence , hard and intelli - 7 gently , try to differentiate fact and fantasy . brighton you mean the Turks have go ? lawrence no , they be still there but they have no boot . ( he try for a more ordinary tone ) prisoner , sir -- we take they prisoner . ( but he overworked nerve must unwind ) the entire garrison -- lawrence ( off ) -- no , that 's not true - we kill some of they - too many really - manage it better next time . C io 608 609 122 close up . lawrence and brighton lawrence be a lot of kill one way and another . brighton 's stare be still appraise . lawrence Cross my heart and hope to die , it 's all perfectly true . close shot .. lawrence , brighton and the officer . brighton it be not possible . lawrence yes itis . I do it . there be a pause . brighton find all the officer look at he . brighton you would better talk to allenby . lawrence ( with a flicker of interest ) General allenby ? brighton yes . he 's in command now . Murray 's go . lawrence ( unwillingly interested , not flippant ) well , that 's a step in the right direction . he place he glass on the bar . his hand be shaking violently . lawrence but first I want a room . with a bed . with sheet . brighton regards he with some sympathy , and perhaps the begin - ning of admiration . brighton yes , of course cg oo 609 610 611 123 continue lawrence ( quiet , but hard , a challenge ) it 's for he . brighton hesitates , glance at farraj . brighton all right . take the initiative , helead the way from the bar . close tracking shot . the camera track with lawrence , brighton and farraj as they ' make they way through the officer and table . brighton ( with a sharp glance at lawrence ) you want a bed yourself , do not you ? lawrence ( nod ) see allenby first , though . will he see I ? brighton ( look at he with interest ) I think so . : lawrence do that then . : ( rub he jaw , smile faintly ) I better shave ? brighton yes. ( smile ) and you would better get into some trousers . brighton nod , smile at lawrence 's rig , expect he to enjoy the preposterousness of it , but lawrence look at he unfathomably . his smile fade . he cock he head and frown enquiringly . mo . shot . a group of officer , stand quite still , stare . hold for a moment on the officer . o '' 612 '' : oo 2 ! 7 ) 45 613 5 614 co 615 124 interior . general allenby' office close shot . allenby . he be seat at he desk in the office previously occupy by murray . most of the furniture have be change together with picture and other ornamentation . on the wall behind he hang a calendar depict month by month a bucolic England whichis no longer , and probably never be . the office now have a airy atmosphere with everything in apple-pie order . allenby be a footballer , burly and fit ; a gentleman , erect and self - respect ; a General Officer who have thoroughly assimi - late power , shrewd , commanding , dare , and humble . he be read with quiet concentration a personal dossier . his tone be flat , with no trace of comment , as if it might be a shopping list he be check . allenby - undiscipline , unpunctual , untidy . the camera track and : pan very slowly off allenby towards the opposite side of he desk . in the background we can see seat dryden ( nearest camera ) and brighton . ..- several language ... knowledge of music ... literature ... ( he browse ) the camera comes.to rest on a close shot of lawrence , still in arab clothes . he look across the desk at allenby cautiously . on the otherwise vacant desk we see three photo - graph . this be a rubgy team , a English gentlewoman with a discreet dependent face and a single link of pearl , and a bonny child on a New Forest pony in front of a country house . knowledge of ... knowledge of ... close shot . allenby . he look up and it be impossible to tell from he expression or he voice whether he be satirical . allenby you be a interesting man , there 's no doubt about it . close shot . dryden and brighton . brighton give a quick glance at dryden . dryden feel the look but do not respond . close shot . allenby and lawrence . allenby close the dossier and put it on the desk . then he speak , not hectoringly , not even sharply , but very much in the tone of a good barrister o wf 615 oo '' ] '' '' io 125 continue elicite fact . allenby who tell you to take akaba ? lawrence nobody . allenby --- sir. he say this after a pause and rather quietly , without a shade of personal indignation , not insist on he own rights but gently indicate that the courtesy be to be observe . tt show a concern not for he own privilege but as it be a fatherly concern lest lawrence should by he behaviour let himself down . lawrence be sir. allenby now turn sideways to lawrence and commence a sort of forensic examination , he tone be light , quick and dispassionate . now the pace go ding - do between they . allenby then why do you ? lawrence akaba 's important . allenby why be it important ? lawrence it 's the turkish route to the Canal . allenby not any more . they be come through beersheba . lawrence iknow . but we have go forward to Gaza . allenby so ? ry os " oo 615 616 617 618 126 continue . lawrence so that leave akaba behind you right . allenby true . lawrence and it will be further behind you right when you go for Jerusalem . allenby be I go for Jerusalem ? lawrence yes . allenby consider this for a second or two quite immobile , and it seem that he might be angry . close shot . brighton and dryden . dryden glance at brighton , who be too pent - up with he own thought to notice . close shot . allenby over lawrence . after a moment 's consideration allenby smile gently and quickly , and then dis - miss the smile , face lawrence , and lean forward look at he full of keen interest . allenby very well . akaba behind my right . ' lawrence it threaten El arish and Suez . allenby anything else ? close up . ' lawrence lawrence yes . akaba 's link with medina . allenby ( off ) you think we should shift they out of medina now ? lawrence no . I think we should leave they there . 127 cy 619 close up , allenby . he look at lawrence for a second or q two , then relax , swivel he chair , and adopt the tone of a mere equal . allenby you act without order you know . '' 620 close shot . lawrence and allenby . lawrence smile . ' lawrence should not officer " use they initiative at all time " ? allenby not really ... it 's awfully dangerous , lawrence . lawrence '' . yes , I know . ) allenby already ? 5 lawrence a yes . allenby ( suddenly brisk ) I be promote you Major ... lawrence I do not think that 's a very good idea . ' allenby I do not ask you . I want you to go back and ( deliberately search for the most banal phrase ) -- carry on the good work . c! lawrence - no thank you , sir . allenby why not ? ‘c 621 close shot . lawrence over allenby . now we see lawrence ey , utterly in the grip of he contradiction . his face work and he twist ( slowly about in he chair as he grope for word . ae 128 621 continue lawrence welll ... erm ... it '-erm ... let 's see now ... I -~ kill -- two people . and now it come with a convulsive rush . imean two Arabs . one be a boy -- this be ( in a tone of surprise ) yesterday ... I lead he into a quicksand ... the other be a man -- that be , oh let I see -- before akaba anyway -- I have to execute he with my pistol ... there be something about it I do not like . allenby ( watch he carefully ) well naturally . lawrence ( stare into allenby 's face ) no. something else . 622 close up . allenby allenby I see . ( he look away - he be uncomfortable ) well that 's all right ; let it be a warning . 623 close up . lawrence . he be look at allenby almost hungrily . his hand be beginning to shake . lawrence no. something else . allenby ( off ) what then ? lawrence ( after a pause ) I enjoy it . 624 close up . allenby 's face be age and gloomy . he comprehend . glance at lawrence , and with a almost physical effort slap a mask of conventional ignorance and disbelief on he feature . 'a ? a2 625 626 627 129 close up . lawrence . he drop he eye and try to control he hand which be now shaking violently . he suddenly become aware of the presence of : close up . dryden and brighton . dryden be watch lawrence with a deep look of pity and admiration . brighton 's face be freeze in horror and astonishment . allenby ( off ) rubbish . rubbish and nerve . you be tired . long shot . allenby have wheeled round in he chair of face lawrence . he now stand up . allenby what d' you mean by come in here dress like that ? amateur dramatics ? lawrence have throw himself back in he chair , very upright under this onslaught of calculate vulgarity , have retreat right back into the fastness of he glacial nature . his eye flash con - temptuously . lawrence oh yes sir . entirely . allenby ( hold out he hand ) let I see that - hat - or whatever it be . he take the kafia and argyl , examine they with apparent interest . fascinating gear they wear . how d' you think I would look in this , Harry ? : brighton ( stiffly ) damn ridiculous , sir . : allenby ( look at lawrence and hand it back quietly ) here , you keep it . lawrence ( take it slowly ) what I be try to say be ... I ... I do not think : I be tit for it ? . 130 . i cs 627 continue i Le a . id . = : allenby ( briskly ) . really ? what do you think , drydan ? | 5 dryden | before he do it , sir , I would have say it | ( could not be do . | dryden 's praise be evidently of no great value to lawrence . 2 allenby Brighton ? lawrence , ( wryly ) 1o oh , I know what he think . ' brighton | ( stand to attention to emphasise that he speak x . officially ) od I think you should recommend a decoration , sir . I do not think it matter what he motive be . 1 ' twas a brilliant bit of soldier . 628 big closeup . lawrence . music , English theme , softly k . . commence . the effect of brighton 's word upon lawrence . be almost of a declaration of love . 629 big close up . allenby . he watch lawrence covertly , for a moment or two , then raise he eye towards the door . allenby ( bawling ) sergeant Major ! 630 longshot . there be a immediate answer roar from without . v allenby let 's have a drink . ; dryden C {a little surprised ) , thank you , sir . '' a allenby | no , no , downstairs . cg 630 631 131 continue dryden and . brighton be surprised --- this rugger tough act be not usual --- but they catch on . brighton very good , sir . the door fly open . a:véteran regimental sergeant major stand to attention . the music be gather strength . R.S.M. Sir ! , allenby you hear about this , sergeant Major ? ( indicate lawrence ) . r.sim . yes , Sir ! allenby what do you think about it ? r.s.m . bloody marvellous , sir . ( to lawrence ) well do sir . lawrence smile helplessly , and swallow . allenby thank you sergeant Major . R.S.M. ( roar ) sir. . ( and go ) allenby ( boisterous ) come on then ! dryden and brighton take they cue . close shot : music cut abruptly . lawrence and allenby . lawrence , though he know he be lose , must register he protest , tnen slowly -- rise from he chair . | lo 651 . ] oo ) o 632 D '' oo 633 4 ) 634 *y i ) 132 continue lawrence ( rather bitterly into allenby 's face ) you be a clever man , sir . allenby ( he have the courage and take the trouble to answer this personally , not officially ) no , but I know a good thing when I see one . that 's fair , surely ? music rising again . the camera pan with allen by , as he lead the way to the door and fling it open . mo . shot : int '' outer office . the camera pan with allenby and lawrence as they cross the outer office . a a.d.c. hurry over from a desk and fall in behind brighton and dryden . the camera come to rest on a close up of the beam R.S.M. , he hand quivering at the salute as lawrence and allenby pass by . he lower he hand and grin after they . close shot . gallery corridor . the camera ' be shoot on allenby as he lead the group out on to a gallery corridor on the first floor overlook the garden . the camera pan with they and track behind , follow on they back . allenby be deliberately informal ( e.g. he be careful that they shall individually stroll , not march in step ) we can not hear what be be say but we can see that it be lawrence who talk -- with some gesticulation --- and allenby who listen . they pass a pair of officer who salute the g.o.c . the camera centre on they as they pass , panning into a shot of they recede figure as they stand look after the group in amazement . reverse close tracking shot . allenby and he party allenby look here now . if I be to break through to Jerusalem , I must concentrate - not dissipate . lawrence clausewitz . allen by ( raise his eyebrow , smile ) D ' you know a better ? cy 635 cc o { fay oo j . 636 eo ! i ' 637 | lo D '' 638 eof nd 133 close tracking shot . a elderly colonel come out of a office as the camera approach he . he salute hastily towards camera as it pan with he into a close tracking shot of allenby and lawrence as they pass he by . during the follow dialogue we see he speak to the A. D.C. in dumb show enquire the meaning of the outlandish apparition by the general 's side . lawrence if I be to occupy they while you be break through , I must dissipate not concentrate . . allenby ( smile ) Marshall saxe . lawrence do you know a better ? they both laugh . close tracking shot . gallery landing on top of stair . the camera be approach a group of half a dozen soldier in charge of a n.c.o. who have just reach the top of a flight of stair lead on to the gallery . the n.c o. call they noisily to attention as the camera stop tracking and allenby . and lawrence enter picture . allenby salute and lead the way between the soldier to the stair , the man stare after he . close shot top flight of stair allenby and lawrence briskly descend the stair . . allenby well , if I fight . like clausewitz and you fight like saxe --- lawrence we should do very well , should not we ? they laugh again as they move on out of bottom of picture and dryden and brighton step in behind . dryden raise he eye - brow , amused not so much by the pleasantry as by the Old man 's whole - heart adoption of he avuncular role . mo . shot . the music rise to full pitch as allenby and lawrence ' walk on down the stair . a pair of junior officer flatten against the wall in awe and amazement as they approach . '' a 639 640 641 642 643 644 645 646 134 close shot allenby and lawrence as they pass the two officer . lawrence 's eve slide over towards they to register the effect . of he pass in such company , and allenby 's eye slide over to register he do so . another officer flatten against the wall as lawrence look upwards . close shot group of men at the top of the stair look down - ward as other join they from behind . long shot from above we see allenby and lawrence descend the last flight of stair . SMALL group of men in the hall - way and the officer on the stair stand like statue as the group pass on out of the picture . } ' int ground floor hallway and stair / gallery corridor mo . shot . allenby and lawrence swing on to the ground floor gallery and make for the entrance hall . men in group , men walk and men come up the step slam to attention as the G.O.C. approach . j entrance hall . the camera pan with the group as allenby lead the way into the hall . the provost sergeant leap up from behind he desk and bellow the corporal to attention . close shot . the provost sergeant and the corporal as the group pass in front of they , they face a study . close tracking shot . allenby and lawrence . lawrence 's expression be of course excited , but not over - nexcite , rather it be i deeply happy , as of a young man who relax properly in the merite 1 approval of a respected father . the officer ' bar long shot . allenby and he group enter the Officer 's bar . the officer , take aback by allenby 's presence , leap to they foot . allenby easy gentleman ! please ! he takesoffhis Sam browne as they hesitatingly sit . ( or some of they do ) allen by to captain , pleasantly : soy v } 1 '' es 647 be t ' i¢ D '' 648 649 135 646 continue allenby will you give we something to drink ? captain of course , sir ! allenby ( to a.d.c . ) Tracy . tracy move to the bar and order drink ina murmur . allenby ) smile round convivially , seemingly unaware of the thunderstruck silence . allenby I be here on the invitation of Major lawrence . he nod a little as though to say that the invitation of such a well 's know and popular character will of course make everything acceptable . there be a beautifully calculate emphasis on " Major " and the effect of the speech be to deepen the thunderstruck silence . close shot satisfied , allenby turn to lawrence , apparently have just notice the view through the window enclose the sunlit patio . allenby shall we go outside ? the camera pan as allenby lead he party out through the t french window towards a informal group of chair by the side of a small fountain and pool with goldfish . the officer crowd after they lining the window to look out . the a.d.c. appear behind they with a tray and a passage be make for he . close shot . the camera be shoot from the patio through the window on to the officer 's face . they be join by the club secretary , who have miss the forego proceedings andis at aloss to . understand the commotion until he edge into close up and see , to he astonishment : close shot . allenby and he group seat by the fish pond . throughout what follow lawrence be absorb . allen by oo mm of — ™~ 649 650 651 652 136 continue appear to be , brighton look uneasy , dryden smile a little , the a.d.c. be out of he depth , and look carefully non-committal . in the background the officer at the window surround the patio begin to break up but throughout the follow scene they come and go , and every face we see look out . allenby ( with no trace of comment in he tone ) so you will hold down the turkish Desert Army . : lawrence yes . allenby ( nowinfuse a shade of mockery ) with a thousand Arabs ? close up . lawrence . he commence with enthusiasm and end fanatically , lean forward almost as if it be allenby he be threaten . ~ lawrence a thousand Arabs mean a thousand knife ; deliver anywhere , day or night . it mean a thousand camel ; that mean a thousand pack .of high explosive and a thousand crack rifle . we can cross Arabia while johnny Turk ' 's still turn round . I will smash he - railway and while he 's mend they I will smash they somewhere else . close shot . allenby lawrence ( off ) in thirteen week I can have Arabia in chaos ! allenby reply with deliberate mildness , as one clear up 2 small point of information . allenby you be go back then ? mo shot : . lawrence be give a moment 's blank pause . then he laugh , and run over allenby with equivocal self - mock charm . 652 continue there be no 137 lawrence yes . of course I be go back . allenby hm . if we can see it , so can the Turks . if he find he 's use four division to fend off a handful of bandit , he will withdraw . lawrence he dare not withdraw . Arabia 's part of he Empire . if he get out now he know he will never get back again : brighton I wonder who will ... lawrence no-one will . Arabia 's for the Arabs now . response . allenby and dryden drink . ilawrence look from one to the other . he throw a small piece of potato-crisp ' into the fountain . swim for it . lawrence that 's what I tell they anyway . that 's what they think , and that 's why they be fight . allenby ( deadpan in the silence ) oh surely . lawrence look down into he drink . lawrence ( slowly ) they have only one suspicion ; that we will let they move the Turks out and then move in ourselves . I have tell they that that 's false , that we have no ambition in Arabia . ( suddenly he look up - at allenby - with great penetration ) have we ? . allenby ( catch a little off - guard ) I be not a politician , thank God . have we ambition in Arabia drydan ? the fish 138 ; C ) 652 continue . dryden i . ( flicker a little ) ) difficult question , sir . : allenby smile very charmingly at lawrence and spread he | '' hand , invite he to sympathise with the simple soldier in the hand of the diplomat . but lawrence will not have it . oo lawrence ( very steadily , to allenby ) } I want to know sir , if I can tell they in you | name , we have no ambition in Arabia . | | 653 close up . lawrence lo : 654 close up . comer , allenby hesitates only fractionally before he do he duty . he plonk down he glass . allenby certainly . oo a , 655 mo panning shot . the officer gather along the window of the club , .stare . m , 656 close shot . the secretary , glance to he right and leave , , ; realise the indecorum of it . he leave the window ; but be draw . } '' back . his expression be not now one of ' rather comic amazement . t nor be he frown the product of disapproval , but of simple mental / | effort . if it 's all right by allenby , it 's all right by he . he be | try to understand . | int . officer ' bar . patio . i 657 close shot allenby and lawrence lean forward as they : bargain . brighton and a.d.c. watch fascinate . dryden study he finger . C lawrence ; two thousand small arm not enough . 1 : ineed five . : allenby ic right . t) lawrence money . it will have to be sovereign . they do not like paper . ioe 9 139 657 continue allenby ( a little more cautiously ) right . lawrence instructor for the Lewis gun . allenby right . lawrence more money . allenby how much more ? lawrence ( think ) twenty - five thousand now . alot more later . , : allenby drydan ? dryden it can be do , sir . lawrence a couple of armoure car ? allenby ( after a hesitation ) right . lawrence - and field artillery . allenby ( pause ) right ! allenby spring to he foot as he say it so that the word be ambiguous in intention . dryden , brighton and the a.d.c. rise with he . lawrence too , but more slowly allenby , buckle slowly on he Sam browne , move away from lawrence towards the bar and deliberately raise he voice to be hear through the open french window , say : C ) 657 658 659 6 880 } 661 , ' , ' 662 1 C : 663 : 664 i oo io 140 continue allenby I be go to give you every bless thing I can Major lawrence , because I know you will use it . congratulation and thank you ! he walk briskly through the french window call to the officer as he do so : allenby thank youfor you hospitality gentleman ! he go , follow by brighton , dryden and the A. D.C.. mo . close shot . lawrence stand by the fountain look after they , . smiling , '' his eye be catch hy : mo . close shot the young officer be now openly crowd round the window of the bar look at he . the music begin to well up again . , close up : . lawrence . his smile fade to a apprehensive stillness . close up . a group of face péere at lawrence through the glass . reverse shot . through a foreground of head we see lawrence in long shot through the glass . he stand regard he onlooker with the same mock , hopeless and stoical expression which we see at the beginning of the film . he finger he arab garment , then , with a quick flip , he tivirl the end of he abaya around he right hand --- as he do in the robing scene --- and walk towards the french window .. the camera pan and track across the head and back of the of ficer as they change position to watch he come ; we cannot yet gauge they attitude , for they stand back leave a distance between themselves and lawrence as he come through the window and enter the bar . close up . lawrence as he come to a standstill . he raise he hand to adjust he argyl . reverse shot . lawrence 's head in the foreground with the officer in the background . ( to be group and arrange to recall as closely as possible the shot in which ali present the robe surround by the smile raiding party ) . one or two of the officer essay a smile . they begin to come forward underneath the music . one or two rather sheepishly and tentatively raise they ( oy 664 'o 665 oo 141 continue glass to he . the camera start to crane up and back . then , suddenly they come forward quickly , smile and congratulatory . as the camera lift away , we see lawrence begin pat on the back , congratulate , he hand shake , a drink offer --- and refuse . he shrink away from they as best he can , fend they off with a smile which be so superficial , so withdraw , so almost spinster - ish as to be a repellent , not a real smile at all . they continue to surge about he and the music continue very loudly , until suddenly : music stop . gallery corridor : close tracking shot : allenby , dryden and brighton . they be walk back along one of the silent corridor . this time they walk briskly and in step . they step echo and they do not look at one another . dryden be you really go to give they artillery sir ? brighton iwas wonder that , sir . might be deuce difficult to get it back again . dryden ( softly ) give they artillery and you have make they independent . allenby then I can not give they artillery can 1 ? dryden ( deprecatingly ) for you to say , sir . allenby no it 's not . I have get order to obey , thank God ... not like that poor devil ! ( jerk he head backwards ) he ' 's riding the whirlwind . dryden . ( dryly ) let 's hope we be not . 666 142 mo . shot shoot on they back as they enter picture and walk off into extreme long shot down the corridor . fade out end of part one intermission 7 part U close shot bentley he be sit in the stern of a long boat , leave in the distance a small and rusty coastal steamer with one or two dilapidate lighter about it . at he foot be a pair of leather travel bag . jerk awkwardly to the motion of the beat ( it be a row boat ; we hear the oar ) festoon with camera case , dress in a light suit and trilby hat , he be a incongruous , even absurdfigure . buthe makesno . attempt to be less so . he have be in unlikelier situation before and will again . clutch the gunwhale with one hand he examine the approach shore steadily . his tough , alert and cynically humorous face be alive with curiosity . this shot last no longer than be need to take it in , whereupon : medium shot the boat ground the arab rower skip from it and haul it up the beach a little . bentley superintend the landing of he scanty baggage . his attitude to the arab be that of neither the sahib nor the humanitarian , but simply of a rather graceless man who want he bag . the two case be shoulder by two arab and he set off after they up the beach . medium long shot from behind bentley and bearer , in foreground we see the seaward fringe of the village - town of akaba among its scruffy palm tree . the same dilapidate building as before and among they a few indolent men and donkey and unoccupy child . but come down the beach in the contrary direction be a file of rag stevedore , bear handsomely woven camel bag , inlaid box , and roll carpet . bentley' bearer pause . at the end of the file come selim ( the reciter ) . without ceremony , bentley 's bag be dumped and he men rush to help quarrelsomely in the stow of the camel bag , etc. in the boat . bentley be unruffled by the insult to himself , but sharply curious . he accost selim , raise he hat . : bentley ' scuse I , friend . who do this bag belong to ? selim look at he gravely . then : selim to Prince feisal . om o 3 8 continue bentley grunt . a think strike he . a know smile . bentley you be not Prince feisal by any chance ? selim be not shocked but be interested by such ample ignorance . selim no . bentley you know he though ? ( indicate the baggage ) selim he be my master . iam he servant . bentley nod comprehendingly and lug a business card from a pocket . in the act of offer it he pause and with dreadful tact : bentley can you read ? selim flicker he a look of mild surprise . then , have read the card , he beckon silently and start away up the beach , bentley follow . | CUT int . feisal's quarter in akaba almost stripped of furnishings . in the foreground , feisal be examine bentley 's card . in background , bodyguard carry out some more camel bag . a servant place a metal | coffee set conveniently to hand by a window embrasure with a seat i in it . feisal hand back the card . bentley say , wag the card before put it away . bentley the " Chicago courier " be my own particular paper , but my work be syndicate throughout America . feisal I understand so from you letter . iam glad we effect we meeting , Mr. bentley . 5 co ) continue he gesture and they both sit in the embrasure . the window over - look the courtyard . feisal smile : : feisal now ...? bentley where can I find Major lawrence ? feisal , ( the smile go ) be that what you have come for ? bentley ( cover up ) not altogether sir , no ... feisal ( dry ) well you will find Major lawrence with my army Mr. bentley . bentley that 's . what I mean sir . where will I find you army ? feisal I do not know . bentley stare . last week they be near El ghira . bentley ( incredulous horror ) ghirat feisal ( smile ) oh yes . I fear you have a long journey . can you ride a camel ? : bentley I have never try . feisal take a mule . if I be you I should try buldulla . avoid malaal - the Turks be there . '' . eo 4 continue i- 4 bentley in malaal now ? they move fast . feisal they do . but not so fast as we do you will find . ( he hesitates , then say : ) myself , iam go to Cairo , as you know . bentley ( look up from he pad ; he have catch the change of tone instantly ) yes . feisal there be work for I there of a different kind . bentley yes . feisal feel it be now bentley 's turn , and keep silent . bentley amplify he last word . I understand that you have . be give no artillery . feisal that be so . bentley you be handicapped . feisal ( deprecatingly ) it ... restrict we to small thing . bentley it 's intend to . there can be no mistake this . feisal address he very directly : feisal do you know General allenby ? 4 continue o ° bentley watch out for allenby . a slim customer . feisal ( incline politely ) of ) Excuse I ? c / bentley a clever man . feisal ( the scholar for a moment ) " slim customer " ; very good . ( to bentley ) I shall certainly " watch out for " he . cc ( he consider , then say : ) you be be very ... sympathetic , Mr. bentley . bentley a ( with that curious sincere ° oo insincerity of the news - . hawk on the job ) | you highness , we Americans be once | a Colonial people . we naturally sympathize with any people anywhere who be struggle for they freedom . feisal do not even pretend to consider this as a serious motive . : feisal lo ) . very gratify . | bentley ( laugh , a genuine im - pulsive laugh of sheer '' amusement and appreciation ) also , my interest be the same as yours , sir . you want you story tell . I badly want a story to tell . cc feisal ( be amused and approve in he turn ) ah. now you be " talk turkey " be you not ? versus oo continue and now they be both amused , and surprised to find how well they be get on together , each in he own way be a shrewd man and like shrewdness in other . and walk about a little , cheerful . feisal well , Mr. bentley , I will give youa guide . anda letter . and before I leave here ... ( he break off and consult a fine gold watch , pursing he lip ) .«++ ah which must be presently ... I will have some fact and figure put on paper for you . you will find that we have do many thing , small but many . you know of course that we be destroy the turkish railway ... bentley ( head bent , scribbling ) yes , sir . Major lawrence be in charge of all this be he ? feisal ( pause and look at the bent head with some coldness ) my army be make up of tribes . the tribes be lead by the tribal leader . bentley ( look up ; insistently ) you people do think very highly of Major lawrence though ? feisal ( sharply ) ( he go to the window and look out ) and rightly . in this country , Mr. bentley , yes . the man who give victory in battle be prize .. ( sadly ) beyond every other man ... ( he be silent for a moment and then murmur , mindless of the repetition ) feisal rise swiftly from he chair ~ 4 continue bentley be scribbling this down but do a horrify double take . feisal ( cont ) myself iam go to Cairo ... ( abstractedly he return and sit , face bentley . his eye light upon the pad and this draw he attention back from he own thought ) one figure I can give you from my head ; because it never leave my head . since start this campaign four month ago we have lose thirty - seven wounded , one hundred and fifty - six dead . you remark the disproportion between we dead and wounded . bentley ( wonder , even awed ) yes ; four time as many . feisal that be because that too badly wounded to bring away , we ourselveskill . we leave no wounded for the Turks . bentley ( gently ) you mean ...? feisal I mean we leave no wounded for the Turks . ( more moderately ) in they eye we be not soldier but rebel . and rebel , wounded or whole be not protect by the geneva code , and be treat ++. harshly . bentley how harshly ? feisal more harshly than i ‘hope you can imagine . bentley I see . 4 continue - 8 , feisal we own prisoner , Mr. bentley , be take care of , until the british can relieve '' we of they , accord tothe code . I should like you to notice that . bentley ( scribbling ) ido , sir. ( off -hand again ) be that the influence of Major lawrence ? this time feisal 's eye snap with a direct anger and jealousy . feisal why should you suppose so ? bentley ( a bit throw at thus receive for the first time the full impact of Royal personality ) welll ... it 's just ... I hear in Cairo , that the Major have a ... horror of bloodsh . feisal - that be exactly so . with Major lawrence , mercy be a passion . with I it be merely good manners . you may judge which motive be the more reliable . ( he half pull out the watch again ) and now perhaps ... bentley , ( rise immediately ) i sure . thank you , sir . ( he move away towards the door ) D ' you think you will be able to manage the letter and ... feisal ( quiet reproof ) I will do everything that I have say , Mr. bentley . bentley , a bit rebuffe , nod smile and go to the doorway where he be arrest by : of o '' q dp eo '' G ii-9 continue feisal bentley turn . you will tell I truly the nature of you interest in my people , and in Major lawrence . feisal be serious , but bentley grin disarmingly , like a boy catch out . bentley it 's very simple , sir . I be look for a hero . feisal ( be amused ) indeed ? you do not seem a romantic man ? bentley oh no . ( again the " sincerity ' " 's ) but certain influential man back home believe the time have come for America to add she weight to the ... the patriotic | struggle against Germany ... and Turkey . now , I have be send to find material which will show we people that this war be ... ( he hesitates ) feisal enjoyable ? bentley hardly that , sir . but to show it in its , more adventurous aspect . after all you . highness , war do wear such a aspect . nobody deplore it more than ... feisal be look out of the window again . he interrupt flatly . feisal you be look for a figure who will draw you country towards war ? 4 of ef 1 ii 12 13 14 15 16 17 i- 10 continue bentley ( simply ; hence with some dignity ) all right , yes . feisal auren be you man . CUT 1st close shot : lawrence and farraj wait by the plunger . train whistle over . ( carry through to press plunger and reacting to explosion ) . 2nd ( shot ) long shot : the train chugge along the line . '' ST close shot : lawrence's hand press the plunger . 2 nd explosion go up in front of train . 2nd close shot . thesky ... the debris from the explosion fly upwards . 2nd medium shot : the train leave the rail and plunging over the embankment . ist close shot : auda reacting . 2nd close shot : the engine slither towards camera and obscure it with dust . 1st close up . acamera . the shutter click , the camera be lower disclose bentley . 2nd long shot : from top of dune the front three carriage derail . 2nd medium shot : a line of arab face appear over the top of dune . 2nd medium shot : one of the carriage loom up above the engine as steam start to fill the screen . 1st close shot : brighton and ali . they be on the turret of a armoured car in foreground of picture . in the background be the second armoured car and a group of camel and horse . there be a whistling noise and debris start to fall . 8 18 19 20 at 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 i- 11 1st extreme long shot : disclose the geography of the whole scene . arab lining the dune inforeground . the train in its last movement in the background debris fall on the dune . a lewis gunner open fire . 2nd close shot : a line of arab lewis gunners open fire . 2nd close shot : a turkish machine gunnest at the rear of the train replying . 2nd close shot . another line of arab . lewis gunners fire continuously . 2nd medium shot : the 's train shudder undér the impact of the bullet . ist close up : bentley , he take another picture . 2 nd close up . a arab lewis gunner fire and pan . 2nd close shot . a line of bullet splash cloud of yellow chip from the planking on the side of a carriage . a turkish officer fire a pistol from one of the window . 1st close shot : auda he push a arab Lewis gunner out of the way , take over the gun himself and fire . 2nd close shot : a body fall through picture across a carriage window reflect sky . the window shatter the reflection go ' we now catch a glimpse of a bloody head slumping back inside the carriage . ist close shot : lawrence and bentley . lawrence watch closely by bentley , react dead pan to the kill . lawrence glance towards the Lewis gunner . ist close shot : a line of arab lewis gunners ( roughly from lawrence p.o.v. ) they face trance with slaughter . ist close shot : lawrence and bentley ( same as 13 ) lawrence ( yell above din ) " stop " . the racket continue , he rise up out of picture . ist long shot : lawrence frightfully expose , step up over the rim of the dune . he fire a verey pistol along the ridge . ™~ gm | 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 tl - 12 1st close shot : the bedouin lewis gunners exactly as before . 2nd close shot : the rear machine gun nest on the train . the dead body of the turkish gunners sprawle over the , sandbag which be be spatter by bullet . ' 1st close shot : lawrence . he cram another cartridge into he verey pistol and fire again . 1st close shot : bentley watch he as the fire continue . 1st long shot : lawrence dash down the dune in front of the Lewis gunner , between the train and he own man , just one or two of whom be sufficiently arrest by the sight to cease fire . he fire another verey light at a low angle almost into they face . ist close shot : lawrence . he shout he word lose in the still continue racket . lawrence stop it ... stop it . ist close shot : a group of lewis gunners around auda . raggedly they cease fire , some rise to they foot . close shot : lawrence . the racket die away . lawrence ( with a violent gesture ) come on then . he start to move towards the train . long shot : the bedouin rise ( auda already up ) and rush down the slope overtake lawrence towards the train . close panning shot : lawrence . the bedouin rush past he on either side . he walk after they as bentley run into picture follow he with interest . long shot : with engine in foreground . a avalanche of bedouin reach the train and swarm over it anyhow . medium tracking shot : lawrence and bentley . lawrence seemingly unaware of bentley presence , walk through the wreckage around the engine . dead and dying can be see in the background as the camera track into a position on will '' 43 i- 13 continue 1 disclose the other side of the train . ( possibly introduce the turkish officer and dead soldier ) . close tracking shot : lawrence reacting to the destruction . medium shot . inside the pullman . a group of bedouin in the dine car . one be collect a armful of fine linen table cloth . another cutlery and silver plate flower holder . ' the steward lie unconscious , he boot be remove . two turkish officer lie huddle together as they die . a sword and cavalry coat be remove from each of they . ( simultaneous looting to be work out on the set ) . medium shot : the kitchen of the dining car ; a chef double ' over unconscious . the ' bedouin collect a treasure trove of shine copper pan , tureen , spirit kettle , flambeaux , hot plate , ladle and a splendid tea urn . medium shot - tracking ( camera tracking from rear of train towards the engine ) . camera track with auda as he make a ' tour of inspection along the train . arab go quite mad , be rush about at top speed . some be shin up into the compart - ment through the window , some beat in the already smashed door , some already in be throw trunk , valise , suitcase , from the window . passenger , some incongruously dress in city clothes tumble out onto the track and run aimlessly away . auda draw level with the pullman and almost immediately become entangle in ' a shower of white tablecloth throw down from above , he look towards : lawrence ( p.o.v. auda ) he have scramble up on to the top of the wreckage and now stand there , hand on hip smile down .. close shot : auda . aura auren . the cry be take up but not yet like a full adulation or chant . close shot : lawrence against the blue sky ; reacting to the ovation . medium shot : ( the yell more distant continue on the sound track ) the turkish Officer by the train on all four the screen dark . he look with shaking venom at : i- 14 medium shot : the turkish officer in the foreground of the picture . lawrence on top of the train in the background . : lawrence be white and gold against the blue sky , the incarnation of , youth and success . the ruin officer shakily raise he pistol . close shot : the screen dark . the officer take aim and fire . close shot . bright . lawrence be pitch from he foot and roll off the carriage away from the bedouin . close shot : auda reacting to lawrence fall and hurry out of picture towards the engine . close shot : lawrence in the last stage of he fall from the carriage roof . he come to a standstill at the foot of embankment . 2 lawrence good. good. good . he gulp for breath and wrench himself upright . half laugh , as one who take a rough joke in good part , he clamber up the embankment to the side of the carriage from which he fall . there be the sound of a shot . close shot : lawrence . a bullet splinter the side of the carriage next to he . he stop , stare gravely towards } medium shot : ( lawrence p.o.v. ) dark . the turkish officer ( the distance about 40 yard ) shakily raise he pistol again , he expression one of desperate long , he breath come in sob . close shot : lawrence . he stand motionless regard the turkish officer . there be the sound of a third shot as it ricochet past he . close up : the turkish officer stare at lawrence . he prepare himself for another shot and fire again . close up . lawrence . a SOUND of splintering glass . lawrence will not move . medium long shot : lawrence in foreground .of picture . auda come round the locomotive in the background . he approach the turkish officer unseen . the turkish officer fire again . ( ) > , '' 44 . 1 oe ' 45 ‘o o '' so t-15 big close up : lawrence . it be not part of the bargain he have | make with himself to warn he poor enemy in danger . , big close up : the turkish officer now weep , hold up the pistol , grip he wrist with the other hand . a shadow fall upon ' he , he turn slowly . ' quick extreme close shot - angling up Pov turkish officer . auda swing he sword down into the camera : ' close shot - bentley peep round the side of the carriage ; where lawrence be , stare , off . bentley jimminy ? ( he look at lawrence . with tough , even pleased interest ) ; never see a man kill with a sword before ! ' ' lawrence ( sourly ) why do not you take a picture ? bentley ( undisturbed ) wish I have . ; , the bedouin looter have meanwhile move past they both towards the return auda , who now appear thrust between they , wiping he sword on the skirt of he robe , the bedouin murmure and laugh . auda grin with pleasure as he see lawrence on he foot , and : auda how be it with thee auren ? but before lawrence can answer auda point furiously ( off ) and roar : not bentley look up from he camera startle , and auda step up to-him and with one huge hand snatch it from he grasp . lawrence ( quietly ) ; auda ... : 45 ) TI - 16 continue auda ( to bentley ) be I in this ? bentley eh ? lawrence ( translate ) do you take he picture ? bentley ( innocently ) yes ... auda shatter the camera against the carriage buffer , and then dismiss bentley from he mind as though he be a small by - stand boy whose manners he have correct , he say to lawrence , lowering a hand on he shoulder , with a blend ‘of affection , admiration and reproof : auda you be use up you nine life very quickly . and go , amidst approval and laughter . the noise of looting rise again . bentley ( regard the wreckage of he instrument ) charm company you keep . lawrence auda ? 's he 's a bit old - fashioned . ( he tap bentley 's other camera ) he think this thing will steal he virtue . ( he be mount the wreck - age again , help by bentley , who be not a bit put out as lawrence add , look down ) he think you be a sort of thief . bentley ( look up ) all right if I take you picture ? ba 45 46 i- 17 continue | lawrence 's ( hesitates , look down , shrug ) all right . bentley ( technical ) o.k. just walk . lawrence commence to walk swiftly along the length of the wreck and the camera track he swiftly pace sandall foot , which be all we see of he , as he do so . medium tracking shot - along the length of the train . we see the bedouin at work . but as lawrence ( i.e. he foot ) approach they they break off , look up and herald he so that as he move swiftly along the wreck ( lightly leaping the gap between the couple carriage ) a mount roar of acclamation roll along with he . we thus glimpse : well dress passengers , include a pair to child with they parent quickly disrob themselves of coat and shoe . a trio of cavalry officer must part with they breech , one already in he shirt - tail ; let this three preserve they dignity , the one in shirt - tail indeed calmly smoking acheroot ; let there be a minimum of comic surprise and outrage importance - other country other custom . the bedouin stand by and eagerly collect the loot . two turkish staff officer sit behind riddled window as they die , upright . a bedouin with ' a bundle of clothing under one arm reach up and remove they cavalry coat from the rack over they head . tracking past the third class compartment we see clearly though fleetingly , the dead or wounded . all the passengers , without exception , live and dead , be relieved of any item of clothing and baggage which be of any value . luggage compartment have be break open and plain wooden crate be be tip fromthem . all along the train , bedouin hold up and shake rifle or item cf loot , triumphantly as lawrence passes_ and they join in the adulation . they have such item as : small cane chair , coil of new white rope , length of silk in billow bundle and haberdasher ' roll , length of metal piping , tennis racket , kettle tie in clatter cocoon , block and tackle , oil lamp , a box of carpenter 's tool , a phonograph , drum of kerosene , box of tin food , army blanket , a sewing machine , saddle , a card table with fold leg , water bottle , a papiermache fire screen inlaid with mother of pearl , etc. etc . the more incongru - ous the better . as the adulaticn reach its climax we CUT to 47 48 49 50 51 tl - 18 medium shot - bentley on the far side of the train where there be few arab . call urgently , he camera raise : bentley Major lawrence ! medium shot - lawrence stop and look down ( this be the first shot we have see of he since he start he walk ) a magnificent natural pose " catch " in bentley 's camera . bentley ( murmure with dry satisfaction on SOUND track ) yes sir ... that 's my baby . the shutter operate . medium shot - one of the armoure car draw up by the train . in the rear , farraj . in front by the driver a nco who , hold up ( like the bedouin hold up they loot ) a olive - green box with the white circle and red cross on it . lawrence make a little gesture of decent acknowledgment and prepare to descend . medium ' shot - on the other side of the train the bedouin see they hero go , return they attention to the job in hand . and at that moment a double door be burst open from within - it be the luggage van - and a shower of passenger 's luggage ( trunk , case , gladstone bag ) fall and be fall upon . close shot - on the crest of the dune brighton and ali stand by the other armoure car , watch . brighton 's face be dark . brighton this looting have get to stop ! ali ( a little discomforted ) it be ... customary . brighton it 's theft ! and theft make thief . ali ( softly ) I would not say that to auda. ( explanatcry ) it be they payment , Colonel . eo 51 52 53 continue brighton ( contemptuous ) payment . ali ( innocent ) - truly . be not british soldier pay ? brighton they do not go home when they have be pay ! ali they be not free to . brighton look off angrily , in the direction of the looters . medium long shot - a caravan of camel , well laden with loot , be riding away towards the open desert . close shot - the other armoure car drive up . lawrence be look after they , seriously . brighton flounder up and lawrence quickly take he gaze from the deserter , but brighton say shortly : brighton well . that 's another lot you have see the last of . : lawrence ( mildly ) they will come back . al ] follow brighton . brighton he say they will come back . will they ? ali not this year , auren . brighton draw close and say , discreetly : brighton look , lawrence , d' you know how many man you have leave - less than two hundred ! — _ a 53 54 55 t-20 continue lawrence a hundred and seventy . brighton well then ? lawrence I say they will come back ! he tap the driver 's shoulder . it be mere denial . brighton be helpless . now a bit concerned . brighton ( nodd , gruffly ) you hurt badly ? lawrence not " hurt " at all . ( in the spirit of sheer mischief , not portenu - ously , he add ) do not you know ? they can only kill I . _ with a golden bullet : . the car. roar away . the unrespond troubled face of brighton and ali be obscure in its dust . cut it be a turkish major who look up fromthe write and move a pace to transfer the information to a large wall map of '' Arabian railway .. he move deliberately ; he be not in a state of excitement or rage . the wall map be behind he , before he be a big ornate desk and from the surface of this he take a thick red crayon . witha last confirmatory glance at the write on the photograph he carefully make a cross on one of the railway . we see that there be many such already . he turn and look with calm curiosity to see the reaction of : at a distance stand two turkish colonel and a major - general , who have a benignand dignify face and cropped white hair . of the two colonel , one be frontline one admin . all be look at the wall map when we first see they but at once the frontline colonel shift he weight irritably and glance sharply at the general . the admin colonel follow suit , a little apprehensively . it be very quiet in the fine white room . becomingaware of the front line '' 55 56 56A . 57 58 -21 continue colonel 's glance , the general return he a inexpressive look and raise he shoulder in a faint , patrician shrug . the major , still regard they , open without look at it , a large flat drawer in the desk . he toss the photograph in it , still without look . extreme close shot . the drawer be already half full of other similar photograph depict the result of lawrence 's campaign against the railway . the drawer slam shut . medium shot - Inside a bivouac , make lean - to , against one of the armoure car . the flap , heaving , spasmodically in the wind dis - close glimpsis of a dry wadi , with many other shelter . within , lean against a wheel , bentley regards a book curiously . extreme close shot - it be a limp book , fold back ; the print be large and the page be head : " the little citizen . chapter two . our parliament . " the text begin : " every englishman have the vote . what do this mean ? and how have it come about ? " and so on . bentley look up , find ali 's stern but islightly uncomfortable glance upon he . ali it be for child . I have set myself to learn again . bentley what be you learn , from this ? ali Politics . he say this as one might say " geometry " , or " Latin " . bentley , at ease against the wheel , be interested ; eye he speculatively . bentley you go to be a democracy in this country ? you go to have a parliament ? ali ( think ; then gravely ) I will tell you that , when I have a country . bentley throw back he head in admiration and laugh . ~ 58 59 i- 22 continue ali ( smile ) do I answer well ? bentley you answer without say anything ; that 's politics . ( he hand back the book , and say , agreeably ) you learn quickly . ali ( gravely and respectfully ) I have a good teacher . bentley yeah ! ( this remind he of a previous determination . he begin to rise ) yeah ... CUT in a smaller tent of unbleach yellow wool , lawrence sit cross -legge in the attitude of a teacher . his head be back , he eye focuss on a idea . at he foot isa map . he wear a vest and camel trousers , all very white . his wound be now a matter for lint and plaster merely . farraj pop head and shoulder through the flap and say hastily : farraj the man . lawrence all right . farraj go , hold the flap for bentley who enter and plump himself down . bentley how 's the hurt ? lawrence Fine . 59 -23 continue bentley ( tug he notebook from a side pocket and one of many pencil from he breast pocket ) before I return to the fleshpot , which I shall be very glad to do , may I put two question to you , straight ? lawrence ( grin at he ) I would be interested to hear you put a question straight , Mr. bentley . bentley chuckle . we should see that lawrence have a sort of respect for bentley 's intelligence and absolute freedom from principle as bentley be fascinate by lawrence 's destructive scrupulosity . also , in this sequence , we should see that bentley have not stand up at all well to the campaigning : he clothes have become greasy and fray , he skin chap , he need both a haircut anda shave . whatever lawrence be wear by contrast should be virginally clean . bentley one : what , in you opinion , do this people hope to gain from this war ? lawrence ( quiet , lightly ) they hope to gain they freedom . bentley look at he cautiously . freedom . bentley ( scribbling , say dryly , even sadly ) ... they hope to gain they freedom ... there 's one bear every minute . unseen by bentley , lawrence " freeze " at this and look at he vehemently . lawrence they be go to get it , Mr. bentley . I be go to give it to they . at the superhuman egoism of this bentley look up between surprise and amusement , mouth open for a wise - crack , but he encounter i '' 59 60 tl -24 continue lawrence 's poisonous regard and shut it again , flummox . lawrence ( softly ) : and the second question ? , bentley oh ... well ... iwas go to ask ... ( he regains he professional manner firmly ) what be it , Major lawrence , that attract you personally to the desert ? lawrence look the disreputable figure up and down with insulting deliberation and say : . lawrence it 's clean . bentley lower he gaze tc he own garment . he lay down he pad and pencil and when he look up we expect he to be at least resentful . instead , he say in a voice that be dispassionate and thoughtful : bentley well , now that 's a very illuminate answer . ( he take up he camera and say invitingly ) May I take one farewell picture ? ccuut in the armoure car shelter . brighton be now there also . auda enter , boisterously . he carry a station clock with swinging pen - dulum . ( we ought perhaps to have see this item before , to identify it as loot ) he hold it up . auda I give muhmid taud two lamp for it . one clock for two lamp . ali ( judiciously , but glance at brighton ) a fair bargain . auda " Fair '' " I rob he ! 3 } oo 60 61 6la 61b 6le 61d 6le 61 £ 6lg 62 continue - 25 he spin the finger happily . then the movement stop . the ex - pression of pleasure go from he face and be replace by one of dark brood . he toss the clock from he . auda ( cont ) trash . he lie on he " bed " . I 'must find something honourable . brighton honourable ! auda raise he head and consider brighton carefully . then he lie back again . he explain . auda yes . the year be run out ' righton . I must find something honourable . and he face have the mindless nobility of a hungry lion . open shot . disclose horse and pan with stallion into reverse angle . long shot . from top rear of train with machine gunners in foreground . ( a slight sense of boredom amongst Machine gunner - rig sun cover ) . medium close shot . front machine gun nest on flat car in front of engine . ( try to arrange this shot on a curve so that the train be visible in background ) . rail come towards low camera . ( camera slightly higher than test ) explosion go off ahead . ~ : . reaction of machine gunner to explosion . ' engine driver jam on brake . wheel locking and starting to skid . horse stumbling around . longer shot of locked wheel with front machine gun nest in background . steam start come out of engine . 62a 62b 62c 63 63a 63b 63 c 63d 63e 63f 63g 64 64a 64b 64c 64d 64e 64f tl-26 panicking horse regain they balance . front machine gunners in foreground of picture with explosion pit near from background . close shot . front machine gunners watch crater and beginning to look round leave and right - but not backwards . long shot . the train skid to a halt with armoured car in foreground of picture . the train stop , the armoured car open fire . medium shot . horse reacting to gunfire with machine gunners leaping off train in background - or possibly in foreground . close shot . armoured car machine gun firing . close shot . front machine gun nest with wood splintering . close shot . horse panicking . long shot . first armoured car in foreground ; train in background . car stop fire . top of turret open close shot . brighton emerge through the turret - fire verey pistol . medium shot . verey light explode in the sky . big close shot . auda with some stationary horseman be in background look up at the sky - he yell and move out of picture . extreme long shot . train in centre of picture . 's horse appear on dune from all side . shadow of verey light on sand . close shot . lawrence and farraj on ground collect plunger etc - horse legs rush past they on all side . lawrence look up grin . close shot . brighton watch unimpress . medium shot . horsemen tear down dune . close shot . line of horse in train , whinnying and reacting to what they see . close panning shot . auda gallop towards the train . horse - men behind he . 64 g 65 65a 65 b 65 '' 65d 66 66a 66 b 66 c 66d 66e 66 £ 66 g 66h 67 67a 67 b 67 c 67d 67e it - 27 close shot . stallion with other horse in background reacting . ' medium shot . first armoured car in foreground , train in ' background . the first of auda 's man be reach the train . first armoured car begin to move foreward . second 1 armoured car appear behind dune . medium shot . look down on the train - horsemen gallop up from either side and start to undo rope . three close shot 's the background fill with horse with : tie rope be undone . ) close shot . the side of the wagon fall down into picture , and disclose line of horse ' leg . long shot . ( master ) horse beginning to jump from train . : close shot . auda ... watch . : close shot . horse jump from the train . close shot auda watch . ( closer than 66 b ) close shot . horse jump from train . big close shot auda , close shot . horse big close shot . auda laugh and move out of picture . long shot . with row of horse leave train and show the os semi-circle of auda 's horse encircle they . : close panning shot . auda with the screen completely fill with horse as he ride through they and take the stallion by the lead rope and turn he back . close shot . armoured car draw to a standstill . close shot . lawrence and farraj on back of second armoure car . close shot . brighton still in turret of first armoured car . ali at the back . medium shot . camera pan with auda as he lead he stallion up to the armoured car with the train in the background . 68 69 i- 28 close shot - auda . he turn into camera . he be in ecstasy . auda now you may blow up my train . medium shot - he be stand by one of the armoure car , in or on which be brighton , ali , farraj and lawrence whom auda be address . behind auda be he chaotic booty , draw away along the train . at auda 's word , lawrence merely smile a little and look down at he foot . from this point on , he attention isfix wistfully but keenly and without self pity upon auda . he take no part in the discussion know that auda and brighton be each too fix in they own mode to understand one another ; he attention remain on auda brighton ( hostile ) and what will you do ? auda oh , now I go home ! ( he turn and take in the scene , turn back again breathe deep with satisfaction ) they will carry my toy ! ( he roar with laughter ) they will carry my toy , too , do you see ... brighton rise to he foot . he will take auda to task with no more doubt and no more fear for he own safety than if he be a school prefect and auda a erring form mate . brighton Major lawrence will campaign this winter . but you have get what you want , so you be go home ; be that it ? auda begin to see that something be wrong , but be as yet puzzle , not angry . auda of course . ( he pat lawrence affectionately on the knee ) when auren have get what he want , he will go home ! — ~ ( encouragingly to brighton ) when you have get what you want you will go home ! '' 69 70 71 I - 29 continue brighton oh no I sha not , auda . auda ( the tone of it now be unmistakeable and he apprehend it ) then you be a fool . brighton maybe . I be not a deserter . auda 's face go quite stiff , he blink and lick he lip . then he say very quitely : auda give thanks to God , Brighton , that when he make you a fool , he give you a fool 's face . close shot - brighton , head and shoulder . he be not comically outrage , but he be affront . he look straight at auda , cold , hard , forbid , and ( in he desert gear - sheepskin perhaps ) tough . brighton you be a impudent rascal . : auda I must go auren . before I soil myself with a fool 's blood . and he go towards he horse , quickly . brighton sit . brighton like talk to a brick wall ... close shot - auda mount . he look after he booty which all this while have be drive away and away down the length of the train and out into the desert under a cloud of dust . he turn . he swell . all gloom forget . auda they will carry my toy too ! he ride away , watch by the group in the armoure car . '' '' '' 5 ) 72 13 14 i-30 close shot . the group . lawrence look steadily after auda . brighton nod to himself and speak with the bitter satisfaction of one whose worst fear be realise . brighton so what willyou do now ? what can you do ? lawrence tear he attention from the vanish auda . he begin to collect demolition gear from the car . he speak quietly . lawrence I will go north ... be not that what allenby want ? brighton ( scoffing despair ) allenby want the " arab Army " behind deraa ! lawrence look along the train where the remnant of he force linger . lawrence then that 's where I will take it . he hand the demolition kit to farraj , who nip eagerly from the car and wait for he . lawrence follow more slowly , add : lawrence | tell allenby to hurry up or I will be in deraa before he 's in Jerusalem . he put a hand on farraj , propélling he towards the engine , and say to he , . for brighton to hear : wo not we ? dissolve long shot - angling down . a railway line stretch gleam through a dull grey landscape , dull grey cloud approach from the horizon . a wind moan , and in the wind the ' melancholy rise and fall of a arab pipe . scatter haphazardly on and about the line , a group of bedouin and they animal . they stand still , or move slowly and without purpose . medium shot . lawrence and farraj be busy on the line . other watch , dispiritedly , or crouch against the wind , one blow a little pipe , fitfully . oo , } ) . C ) 15 le ! 76 oo 4 } 77 D 78 80 81 D 82 c~. we will ti-31 close shot . it be farraj who fix the charge ( a self -operate charge of gun cotton secure with adhesive tape ) . lawrence watch he but farraj work confidently and have obviously do it before . majid , crouching , watch he with grudge admiration . close shot . ali look straight down the line . he grunt softly . lawrence join he in frame . neither show apprehension nor even much excitement . it be routine . extreme long shot - the plume of steam be barely visible . on SOUND track , lawrence say : " train , farraj ! " close shot . farraj farraj ( without excitement ) ya , auren . he have finish taping the pilot brick to the rail , hold both end of the tape which will be use to secure the secondary brick in one hand , and with the other insert the plug . he look about and see what he want . close shot . a small red paint wooden box lie on a sleeper out of reach . medium shot . majid step over to it , pick it up and bring it back . do so he foot slip on the edge of a sleeper . swiftly , farrad J be on he foot to secure not the man but the box ; he do so and for a second they be face to face , both hold it , startle ; then they smile and the man let 's go . farraj take from the box one of the half dozen gleam detenator , slide it . carefully into the plug to see that it fit , then with that blend of carelessness and dexterity which mark the explosive man , he slip it into he waist - band ( extreme close shot of this , I think ) ' and go on with he work . medium shot . lawrence join they . he collect together a coil of fuse , roll of tape , a small waterproof satchel of tool , the red box , and hand they to majid , say : lawrence hide yourself my friend . medium shot . the raider be wander away and disappear behind a hump very near to the line . ali bring up the rear glance at : oo 83 : 84 ) ° 85 '' ° 86 2 o 87 i-32 extreme long shot . the plume of steam , though nearer , make no audible noise at its still great distance . close shot . majid leave farraj and lawrence to follow the other . we see that to do so he must plunge into a steep ditch into which he disappear before scale the other side . close shot . lawrence , have take over from farraj , have finish taping the secondary brick . still no urgency . lawrence detonator . farraj slip he finger into he waistband and feel for the detonator . he look worried . lawrence turn , still . crouching , to look down the line , and back at farraj , who smile embarrassedly and search further . | medium shot . majid arrive behind the hump . this time , the raider be not poise for a attack . there be tension , necessarily , but each man crouch in the lee of he mount . only ali be keep watch . the piper continue , fitfully . ali hiss he sharply to silence , and we hear for the first time the distant " puff , puff " of the train . close shot . lawrence and farraj be search the ballast for the detonator , farraj the more urgent and less effective , as the more responsible for its loss . he rise to he foot and begin to search he waistband again , irritate , guilty . the train noise . lawrence ( calmly , and reassure ) all right , fetch another . farraj cross the line towards the hump and the ditch ; he turn . ; farraj pardon , auren . I ... lawrence - ( kindly impatience ) there 's plenty of time . fetch another . farraj plunge awkwardly from sight , half fall , into the ditch . we hear - do we hear ? - we be not sure - a bang , a thud , under the noise of the wind . but farraj do not appear . all that law - _rence see be the stony landscape between he and the hump where 's ali watch . the wind blow . the train be nearer . 87 88 89 90 91 92 93. 94 ' t-33 continue lawrence farraj ...? ( sharply ) farraj ! quick close shot . farraj be on he back at the bottom of the ditch . his eye glare ; he mouth open wide . quick close shot . lawrence plunge down beside he ; raise he stricken face as majid , ali and two bedouin hurl themselves into the ditch from the other side and be arrest by what they see . two shot . ali and lawrnece ali ( horrify ) what happen ? lawrence detonator . a detonator ... the train noise be much nearer . lawrence turn swiftly to where : medium close shot . majid and the two bedouin obscure the fall boy . mingling with the train noise we hear the SOUND of troops , sing . this penetrate . they turn they face alarmed . : quick close shot . lawrence and ali turn they head , horrife . the sing nearer . quick medium shot . the two bedouin scramble up the side of the ditch and run . majid look up from the boy . majid he cannot ride auren . look .* he lift from the boy 's stomach the blood soak garment which we see for the first time . lawrence go down beside he . he rise as though hurl by a great blow in the face . ali ] and majid look towards he . we hear the train , now near , brake with a scream of metal and the sing die out . quick .close shot . the unprime charge conspicuous on the line . the sing be replace by shout . 95 97 98 99 100 101 w-34 medium shot . in the ditch . ali and majid look to lawrence but he look about wildly . it be the first time we have see he at a loss . ali if they take he alive , you know what they will do . close shot . lawrence back away and throw he pistol to majid . close shot . majid look at the pistol , smile comprehendingly , shake he head and rise away from farraj . farraj 's breathe begin to come more and more rapidly with a rise rhythm which must end in a scream . close shot . lawrence hurl himself on the pistol . music low . close shot . lawrence kneel by farraj . shout order from the turk . lawrence stealthily bring the pistol towards farraj 's head . farraj clutches he wrist instinctively . then he smile and let go . farraj daud will be angry with you . lawrence salute he for I . he can not doit . on SOUND track the shout draw closer . farraj . ( prompt kindly ) God will give you peace . he turn he head away but do not close he eye . medium shot . ali and majid wince away , turn , the pistol crash out , they streak up the side of the ditch and run . lawrence scramble from the ditch and run after they , he face fragment . dissolve medium tracking shot . lawrence and ali ride ahead of the remain bedouin who lock morose . lawrence lead farraj 's camel , which have a net bag of soap among its load . the wind moan . oo 101 _ - ' bs CO 102 103 continue 1-35 ali look at lawrence , be about to speak , think better of it . he look at he again and say , with much sympathy , as one who have a question which cannot brook postponement even under such circum - - stance as this : ali what will you do , now ? lawrence clear he throat and answer flatly . go north . lawrence ali jog on in silence for a beat or two . with twenty ? ali we must see that ali be genuinely exercise in he mind as to whether there be any purpose in go on . close shot . lawrence 's mask crack . shout : lawrence he turn to ali and what would you recommend I to do , Ali ? what would you recommend ? dissolve medium shot . Interior allenby 's private apartment in Cairo . a spacious room with , at the far end , a work desk and chair , and nearer to the camera a fireplace against which allenby lean , and a few upholster chair in one of which brighton be sit . it be night time and cosy lamp be li . ( whereas before we have see they spin ) and there be a fire in the grate . on the mantlepiece , by allenby , the country life calendar proclaim December with a olde English hunt scene . allenby have a light plaid shawl throw over he shoulder , and he swill a whisky and soda in a large tumbler . the fan be motionless he be silently regard brighton and though the professional maskis firmly in place he look unusually thoughtful and a little triste . brighton , who have flung he Sam browne on the back of he chair , and also have a glass of whisky and soda at he elbow , be labour through the last of a sheaf of official report . when he conclude , he hand they to allenby , with a grave face . 103 continue brighton he have not one - tenth so many man , sir . brighton well , yes and no , sir ... he do not claim to have do anything he have not do . allenby then there be a " arab North Army " . brighton ( consider ) no , sir . he have lie about that . allenby any idea why ? brighton ( with a half smile ) it 's he army , I suppose . allenby ( shortly ) it 's Prince feisal ' 's army ... think he 's go native Harry ? brighton ( he brow pucker ) n-n-n-0 - 0 - 0. ( with a flash of inspiration ) he would if he could . ( with a flash of self - doubt ) I think . ( uncomfortably ) not my line of country this , sir . he be puzzle by the mood of he chief . allenby ( reassure ) do not matter ... I be just curious . what matter be : I believe it and the Turks believe it . they be offer twenty - thousand pound for he . brighton good God ! i-36 103 aw i-37 6 continue allenby ( turn away - and close shot - prod idly at the fire with he toe ) yes . should not say he would long to live would you ? brighton ( impulsively ) whatever else sir , he ... ! allenby ( interrupt rather impatiently ) oh surely , surely .... if he 's still go North , with fifty man , he do not lack gut ... : ( brood ) I wonder if they would offer that much for I ... he turn briskly with the air of one who break off a improper indulgence . well , what about next year ? will they come back to he ? brighton should not be surprised , sir . some kind of prophet . they think he 's allenby ( harshly ) they do or he do ? he walk away to the work desk take the paper with he , call back as he go : they seem to think he 's a kind of machine . drydan have a letter from some old beggar behind Damascus ; " send we a auren and we will blow up train with it " . that 's poetry , be not it ? and again he voice have a harsh sounding crack in it . brighton ( on SOUND track ) ( uneasy ) I would not know , sir . ty ees 0 i-38 103 continue allenby and that 's what this be . ( he wag the papers before throw they down ) not lie , poem . brighton do not quite follow , sir . 104 close shot . brighton , he care - wear , innocent face , crease with the effort to be in time with he chief . allenby ( with a sudden rush of affection for thing familiar ) you be a good chap , Harry . brighton ( a laugh be jerk out of he by the unexpected - ness of it ) thank you , sir ! allenby ( approach ) Nice to have a fire again . brighton yes , sir . 105 close shot . allenby by the fire , and again we see the calendar . allenby quite like home ... cuT 106 longshot . exterior . night . the screen be full of drive snow and on SOUND track there be a shriek wind . move through the snow , we gradually make out the silhouette of the ruin of El - jamal . it be nothing more than a grotesque hump of stone , but in some aperture a light flicker , at which : C ) 107 108 109 CO rr a a ty i-39 extreme close shot - Interior . one of the bar of yellow soap be lie on a clean slab of stone . : close shot - lawrence , wrap in a tear grey blanket for warmth , be arrange he newly wash white robe over a carefully improvise framework of stick , to dry before a fire . he work with a control nervousness . nervousness be reveal in the mere :. speed of he movement ; control keep they effective . medium shot - ali , also in undress , smoking a cheroot , watch he , he face show a distinct anger tempere by caution and under - stand - in other word it show a sober independence of lawrence which we have before see only incipient . lawrence know ali be wait for he . ali look about , patiently . crack in the wall have be stuff with bit of rag , earth , grass in spite of which flurry of snow spurt in .here and there . lawrence straighten from he task , wiping he and on a cloth . ali ( quietly ) now may I speak ? lawrence tr ( cool ) ' yes . ali be evidently repeat a point he have be try to make before . he speak patiently . ali we be all tired . lawrence ( in a dead voice ) — I be not tired . ali ( flatly ) you be tired . lawrence ( impatiently ) _ all right , I be tired ... ( attempt a sneer ) it take I differently . ali . } ( calmly ) | truly .. auren , one more failure : and '' you will find yourself alone . | tl - 40 c™ ; 110 close shot - on this , lawrence look at he . ali respond with the irritation of a man who find he logical argument answer on the plane of emotion . ali ido not include myself . a lawrence I do not include the other . he jerk he head towards off screen . ali nod , reasonably and tap ash from he cheroot , before continue a with he patient argument : ali so say they love you . the more reason to be thrifty with they . ( he begin to appeal more urgently and grow excited immediatély ) give they something to do that can be do ! ' but you ... no , no , they must move mountain , for you , they must walk on water ! i lawrence 's own much more rack , because more personal distress , | - ignites from ali 's . he nod affirmatively to the last phrase of ali 's speech . 4 lawrence : that 's right ! .. that 's right !... he make a pretence of go on wiping he hand but he set , pale face be still turn on he friend ) unwittingly , ali have challenge he at the mingle root of he strength and weakness and mustnow fate lawrence 's ' whole persoriality up in arm . will who be you to know what can be do ? i if we would do what you think could be do you would be back in ' yenbo now , and nowhere ! whatever I ask they to do , can be do , that 's all . . they know that if you do not ... ! he drop the cloth , back from ali towards a break open in ) the interior wall . oa ) 110 se od 6 111 es { '' TI - 41 continue lawrence ( cont ) «+ '' d' you think I be just anybody , Ali ? do you ? ' before ali can reply , he turn from himtoward the open and call in a voice ostensibly warm and confident with a unconscious undernote of fear : my friend , who will walk on water with I ? but reach the doorway and look in he realise that the situation ' be more critical than he suppose . his expression . change . he become alert , cautious . he realise that to get he own way he must at any rate seem reasonable . : medium shot - what he see . a small room of the Fort witha charcoal | fire , the sodden robe of the bedouin hang on cord to dry . the bedouin themselves seat in undress about the room among they isaddle and sheepskin . they look both wild and grim ; defeat veteran . all follow the ensue debate most closely and immobile except that majid clean he rifle throughout . lawrence lean against the doorway in a deliberately leisurely fashion and repeat '' he question in a quiet and reasonable tone . lawrence who will come with I to deraa ? this suggestion do not take they by surprise ; evidently they have hear of he intention and discuss it . elder harith deraa be garrison . will you take twenty against two thousand ? lawrence I will go by myself if I have to . majid why ? lawrence because I tell the English Generals ... the arab revolt would be in deraa when they would be in Jerusalem . oc ) 111 oo ) oo ge 112 | . '' oo es 4 c3 ww i-42 continue majid ( he can not look at lawrence but he persist ) and be you the arab revolt ? close shot - lawrence look round slowly . they avoid he eye . lawrence ( cheerfully ) it begin to seem so . majid ( softly ) or perhaps you be here for the English Generals ? - lawrence be profoundly shocked . it seem that he will leave they . but then , challenging : lawrence who say this ? they avoid he eye . majid look at ali , ali ( apologetic but troubled ) rumour . lawrence spit onto the ground . majid ( regard the spittle immediately ) that , be not a argument . lawrence ( he face pale ) oh , argument ! ( he lash they ) this afternoon , I will take the arab revolt into deraa ... while the Arabs ... argue . '' ( he turn and go ) 7 eo 112 113 '' CO eo 114 '' 115 tl-43 continue , majid auren ! can you pass for a arab in a arab town ? lawrence ( call back ) yes , ( he retuimm into the doorway and hiss at they ) if one of you will lend I some dirty clothes ! cut close shot - the turkish bey , motionless as a idol , be be drive in he open staff car swiftly through the street of deraa . building flash by on either side , people respectfully salaam . he be a older man than lawrence , but of very similar type . his face be ascetic , aloof , cultivate , and conscious . CuT to a desert street in deraa - long shot - angling down . the staff car turn a corner into it in the foreground and speed away . we travel down this street from the viewpoint of the bey . just before we reach the end of the street , two disreputable figure turn into it . one walk by the wall , the other arrogantly on the crown of the roadha to leap for safety . they be ali and lawrence . close shot - lawrence grin . ali madness ! what be you look for ? lawrence some way to announce myself . ali ( casting he eye up ) be patient with he God . a turkish sergeant and two ' private turn out of a alley and pass they . the camera track backwards with lawrence and ali walk towards it , lawrence slowly move into it as they talk . i zd '' oo 115 116 117 118 119 I-44 continue ali ( urgent ) do you not see how they look at you ? lawrence walk on . at least come into the shadow ! lawrence peace , Ali , I be invisible . turkish sergeant . ( on SOUND track ) halt ! lawrence walk on . turkish sergeant ( on SOUND track ) halt ! lawrence walk on . close shot - a hand be place upon he shoulder and he be spun about . turkish soldier you ! medium : shot - behind he we see the sergeant come up with the other private . and you ! medium shot - ali stop and turn . turkish ' sergeant ( look at ali appraisingly . then contemptuously ) no -o -o , imshi ! ( close shot . the three turkish soldier look at lawrence . they grin harmless , know , very nearly friendly ) you ... CUT to 1-45 I C ) 120 interior the work room of the bey 's apartment , lamp light , a will calmly beautiful sunset sky beyond the window . the bey be sit , at ' the window , with he face in he long and sensitive hand , motionless } in a attitude of despair . a number of common soldier stand : about the room at attention ; they might be some different species of creature ) from they immaculate commander . facing the table be lawrence , two syrian raggamuffins , absolutely from the depth and a '' spectacled lebanese clerk with the last remnant of respect - ability . at either side and behind they stand other turkish soldier . all wait . : 121 close shot - the turk exchange sly grin over the motionless '' back of the bey . . i for 122 close shot - lawrence observe this , uncomprehend and fear - fully . : ! : 123 medium shot - suddenly the bey raise he melancholy face in which ° the.eyes be burn , and from the way in which the soldier wipe : the grin from they face and stiffen to attention we see that he be no : laugh matter to they . he rise and walk round the table to inspect . the quartette . ie y 124 medium shot - the bey inspect they . his attitude be not truculant , - nor even insulting , be indeed dignify and almost wistful , as though he 's have some distasteful duty to perform , which habit have not quite inure he to . he pause fractionally before each man , and he . control feature faintly register he response . the two filthy syrian '' each evoke the sort of horrify disgust mo feel for hopelessly disease animal , and he pass on , hardly pause . he consider the lebanese clerk carefully . the clerk assay a nervous smile and the bey pass quickly on . he pause before lawrence and lawrence microscopically flinch , frighten by the evil in the man , and the bey turn away awkwardly . but half way back to he table he stop and turn . bey you . oo like light the other three be hustle from the room , leave lawrence and the bey confront one another where they stand and five turkish soldier , two behind lawrence , three : against the wall . the bey walk up to lawrence . the two | behind he move a little closer . bey you have blue eye . 124 es eo G TI - 46 continue — lawrence swallow and stare fascinate at the bey . ; bey ( cont ) , I say you have blue eye . lawrence ( remember he part ) yes , effendi . : bey be you circassian ? ' lawrence yes , effendi . bey ( nodd ) how old be you ? lawrence twenty -seven , effendi . ( he remember he part ) I think . : he assume a ingratiate smile . he need not bother . to the bey he be a object , not a man of any kind . bey you look older ... you have have a lot of experience ... ( to turkish sergeant ) tt be a interesting face . turkish sergeant stiffen he attention stupidly . the bey turn to lawrence . his tone be plead , almost have a whine to it , but he be talk for himself alone , absorb in some inner emotional crisis of he own . bey I be surround by cattle . he would not know a interesting face from a sow 's belly . his face twitches minutely and be still again . ihave be in deraa for three and a half year now . if they post I to the dark 'o o | o 124 continue i { | { 1-47 bey ( cont ) side of the moon I could not be more ... isolate . ( a faint dreamy smile ) you have not the least idea what I be talk about , have you ? lawrence no , effendi . he have be too quick . for the first time the bey look he in the eye , surprised . bey have you ? lawrence do not reply . the , bey 's eye film again . no , that ... that would be too ... lucky . he have a quiet fit of cough which he screen politely behind he glove leave fist . before it be quite over he reach out , and , very much as a man open a parcel , rip lawrence 's garment from the shoulder to : the waist . lawrence start back instinctively into the two turk who grasp he arm . the three other stand away from the wall a little , as man who will presently be need .. the bey unwrap he parcel , stripping lawrence to the waist , and see he scar . bey where do you get that ? / lawrence oh ... - ( grin helplessly ) it be old , effendi . ( in he confusion he say this almost as if they want to buy it ) bey ( examine it , off hand and clinical ) no , no , this be quite recent . you be a deserter . lawrence no , effendi ! {y 124 co ° for '' 125 '' 126 127 128 co 129 130 ce 131 4 '' '' os 132 cd t1-48 continue bey yes , you be a deserter ... ( smile archly ) but from which army ? not that it matter at all . ( with strange feel ) a man can not be always in uniform ! he remove he right glove and take lawrence 's pectoral muscle ' between thumb and finger begin to kneed it . * : bey you skin be very fair . quick close shot - lawrence . quick close shot - the bey . Quick close shot - the turk . flash shot -- lawrence lash out and kick the bey in the groin . flash shot - the bey fly onto he back . / flash shot - the sergeant dash he fist into lawrence 's face . + close shot - the bey get to he foot ; he be breathe hard and in pain , but he face be again control and dntrovert ; he hesitates , on the verge of go , then say very clearly : bey beat he . he go through a door near where he have land , carefully leave it ajar . ( about what follows : the material of the incident be violence ; there be a danger that it will be see as nothing ; else , that be , that it will not make its point . that be my reason for advocate a somewhat ritualistic as against a nerve-storm entry to the sequence . if it '' go over the top " so that the understanding of the audience be simply swamp we have fail . ) wide angle medium shot from this doorway . the soldier draw a wooden bench from the wall 's to the centre of the room , while the sergeant pick up a plain cane from the bey 's desk . they eo 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 142 TI - 49 continue attitude be practical , not sinister ; and throughout this sequence , frieridly , everyday noise float through the window ; a distant dog ' bark , and cart go past , a greeting call . ' close shot - the sergeant show the cane to lawrence with a significant , querying half - smile , as much as to say ~ " and how do you like the prospect of that ? " €lose shot - lawrence the specialist in pain , be relieved that _ unidentified evil have dwindle to such a little thing as this . he raise . he eyebrow and direct at the sergeant a look of cold contempt and indifferend¢e , as though at some piece of very bad manners . close shot ~ the sergeant be puzzle by a response which , in a+ : ' wide experience , he have not encounter before . he look at the cane as though there might be some flaw in it , hitherto . unnotice by himself . then : . medium shot - he look again at lawrence , now quite intrigue by he . one-hand he gently propel he at the end of it and press he shoulder , so that he sit astride it , grip the edge with he hand , he face express : a healthy resentment but complete!confidence . medium shot - the sergeant nod to the soldier . four of they come and with technical skill and some violence - but no superfluous violénce - seize he : wrist and ankle and ' jerk he face downward . close shot ~ the.bench . come up to meet we . medium shot - in profile . lawrence be .on the bench . one soldier have he two wrist and sit on the floor face he , he foot brace against the leg of the bench pull on lawrence 's arm so that he and lawrence be face to face . close shot - this soldier , who have the wooden and rudimentary feature of a domestic animal , grin briefly and significantly at lawrence . close shot - lawrence raise he eyebrow again , very donnish , deliberately put several century of superiority and contempt between himself and the man . ' close shot - the man .look blankly at lawrence and up again at the sergeant with surprise , and almost with alarm . 143 144 145 146 147° 148 149 150 151 152 ' TI - 50 close shot angling up from this man' viewpoint . the sergeant shrug , brace he leg and raise the cane . extreme close shot up into lawrence's face . the cane whistle down . lawrence 's eye darken a little and he slightly raise he head , but this be mere reflex ; he expression remain exactly as before . close shot - the soldier again . he look at lawrence again , puzzle , as a man willlook who draw a bucket from a well which he imow to be full and find the bucket empty . he look up again at the sergeant . close shot from he viewpoint .. the sergeant settles he - self seriously to the job at hand . extreme close shot up into lawrence's face . the cane again . this time the reflex be stronger and there be a hint of surprise and dawn alarm in lawrence 's eye . -medium shot - the bey have appear in . the half open doorway . he be lean against the wall with a handkerchief to he mouth listen and wait . we hear the cane again and heavy breathe . close shot ~ exterior , dusky sunset . ali in the street outside . the open window of the bey 's work room be a orange rectahgle in the blue- white wall through which the sound : of lawrence 's torture come clearly . apart from a turkish flag which flutter in the evening sky , it be a house like other in the narrow street , the rear perhaps . opposite the doorway the street widen into a small yard with stable . ali lean stoically against the wall with he arm fold . after two or three stroke he unfold he arm restlessly , then clasp he hand determinedly . after two or three more he move away down the street , camera tracking before he , the sound diminish . but so soon as it be inaudible , he halt strain he ear , hesitates , walk back until he can hear it and : medium shot - the door and window . two more stroke and the noise stop ... a pause ... now the noise of heavy boot ... muttere conversation ... a door shutting . .... a single voice say one phrase .... silence . no " reaction " shot of ali until : close tracking shot - he be walk away again but now swiftly . his face be blank . ( but not shocked , alarmed , outrage ) . medium long shot - at the end of the street he have come upon a railway marshall yard in a wasteland . in the sunset , the rail be dark on the glow ground . in the middle distance a stationary shunt - ing engine send up a softly hiss pillar of steam . nothing else move . '' «© '' ; eon yg 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 160 o-51 continue camera follow the steam up into the sky which change from red to dark blue as the steam give out and the soft hiss cease . descend again to ali we see that it be now fully night and the criss - cross line now shine light , against the dark , a maze . in the moonlight ali move back across they ( camera tracking he , the moon 's reflection in the : . interlace line travel with we , emphasize ' the equivocation of they changeful direction ) to : long shot Pov ali .down the street . the door of the bey 's room open throw . a wedge of light in which four men stagger out with something heavy which they pitch into the stable yard and return . medium close shot - lawrence lie on the rubbish heap . just before the door shut after they we see , as he body slide downward , what they have do to he . extreme close shot - he senseless hand drag through the rubbish . snow flake settle . we hear soft run footstep and : close shot ~ ali throw himself by he friend . he turn ~ lawrence 's face towards he , stare fiercely . lawrence slowly turn he head away . dissolve long shot - dawn two camel rider make they way through . a snowy landscape . medium shot - one of they be a shapeless :. bundle of clothing jerk passively to the motion of the beast . the other be ali who have bestow some of he clothing on he friend . dissolve close shot - inside the fort . night . lawrence lie on he side , on a rough bed , stare into a little fire . ali stand over he . ali ( brusquely ) sleep ! reverse shot - shodt over lawrence ( we see the top of he back , bandage ) at ali . he repeat : ali sleep ! ' ' ' ' 161 162 163 -52 close shot - lawrence as before , eye ' wide open . dissolve the same . Day . lawrence be sit , well wrap ; witha tin billy of rice and meat . he put it down . ali . eat ! lawrence frown slightly , make no other response : anxious and exasperate , ali crouch by he , pick up the billy . ali - eat ! ( he hiss ) you have a body , like other man . for the first time , lawrence respond properly ; he attend to ali 's word , take the billy and begin to eat . ali , mollify : ali good . then sleep . dissolve the same . night . lawrence : be sit up in the " bed " he weight support on he arm behind he back , blink ; mildly . ali ( pleased ) better ? lawrence much better . you be right . he throw back the cover . ali extend a arm . with admire impatience : ali Rest , rest . can you not learn ? lawrence ( look athim . quietly ) dh I have learn all right . ( crouching painfully , he draw he robe towards he ) I be go , Ali . i- 53 oq 163 continue ; 'c ' we see that this confirm a fear of ali 's , commence a struggle : he have fear . he go quite still . then ; sharply : 's ali . why ? i lawrence ( insert arm into robe ) " why ? " heavens ... ' ( he let he voice trail 'o away expressively ) ali ( bark , dangerous ) ) why ? cc : lawrence 3 ( not off -hand ; but quiet , . because he be try to give truthful answer ) i have come to the endvof myself . I suppose . - ali ( harsh ) and the end of the arab revolt . & lawrence ( mild protest ) : I be not the arab revolt , ali. ( with the first surface feel ) : I be not even a arab . 4 d ali . ( immediate ) - " a man can be whatever he want . " you say . 0 _ lawrence I be sorry . I think it be true . i - alt . you prove it ! lawrence suddenly take he own pectoral muscle between finger and thumb ( shot to echo the bey as nearly as may be ) and speak , still quietly , but rapidly , with total conviction : : } ido io 163 continue 0-54 lawrence look Ali . look . that 's I ! what colour be it ? ( he release the fold of pure white flesh ) ... that 's I ; and there 's nothing I can do about it . ali " a man can do whatever he want . " you say . lawrence ( pause . then ) he can . but. ( grimly ) - he can not wast , what he want . ( he touch he own . flesh again ) this be the stuff that decide what he want . - ali stare at he . he get a stage farther in dress . stop , brace himself , take in the bedouin who have . fill the wall open and be watch and listen , and : lawrence you may . as well know . I would have tell they anything . I would have tell they who iam . I would have tell they where you be , I try to . ali ( gently ) and so would any man . lawrence well . any man be what ilam . I be go back to allenby to ask he for a job that any man can do . ali allenby be in Jerusalem . . lawrence I will make easy stage . a ! ' , ic 163 i-55 continue ali you ? lawrence oh yes . easy stage . ( see ali 's darkly troubled face , he go to he ) look , Ali , I think I see a way of be ... just ... ordinarily ... happy . ali know he be go and can not or will not answer . lawrence pick up a huge sheepskin cape and hood . lawrence can I takethis ? ali ( harsh , almost sneering : ) it be not ' clea not . : lawrence ( laugh at a old folly ) no. but ' it 's warm . with he stiffen back he can not get it on . ali assist . he and we see they in close two shot , the bedouin behind . ali and this ? have lead they here have you no care for they ? this toubhes lawrence . but he be strong in he new understanding . lawrence you lead they . they be yours . he call , not look at they : lawrence trust you own people ! and add to ali , draw away , with more than a hint of beseech , so that the last note of ' this scene be tender and expectant : bo > 163 164 165 166 167 168 tl-56 continue lawrence and let I go back to mine ... ~ cuT close uf : by way of answer the screen be fill with shine brass and brass music crash onto the SOUND track . the brassdraw away revealing itself as a tuba , in full blast , blow by a army bandsman in undress uniform , and that this bandsman be one of some dozen , all of whom be march in step blow lustily . they form the brass section of a military band at practice . - long shot . a improvise parade ground beyond which be the dome and minaret of Jerusalem . the band , lead by a drum major march in the near foreground while tin the background a SMALL figure in british Officer 's uniform make its way across the open space . the drum major signal smartly with he ornament baton and the band begin to counter - march . medium shot - two or three soldier in collarless shirt , brace and khaki trousers be play with a football .. a goal post have be rig up by hang a rope between two pillar . the soldier on the parade ground be pot at the goalkeeper between the pillar . we now see that the figure in british Officer 's - uniform be lawrence . - he walk easily through the scene , although he shoulder be hold awkwardly , and he feature be more relaxed than we have ever seenthem . he smile at the footballers as he pass they but they do not notice he . the band music continue . ext . jerusalem headquarters . ( seville location ) medium shot . lawrence ' be walk away from camera towards the main gateway :to allenby' h.q . the gateway be guard by two british sentries who spring to attention . as lawrence be abo . to return they salute the football bounce into picture and roll after lawrence , come to a stop by he side . he stop , and kick it back neatly in the direction from which it come . ext . jerusalem ( jordan ) medium shot - the footballers . the goalkeeper trap the ball under he foot , while the other 2 player acknowledge lawrence ' : gesture by a friendly wave of the hand . 169 170 co 171 nla og TI - 57 ext . jerusalem . h.g. ( seville . location ) medium shot - lawrence . he return the wave and go on through the gate salute the two grinning sentries as . he do so . long shot . a open courtyard with pillar , jasmin and orange tree . small group of officer sit on the low wall among the greenery . one pair play chess . and individual be absorb in a book . another group vanish indoors leave behind it the sound of laughter . in the centre of the courtyard through which lawrence be walk be a big roll royce be polished and wash by two n.c.o. 's in shirtsleeve . as lawrence pass this group he look at they , hot wistfully or pleadingly , but pleased to be among they , unaware that he uniform be a totally inadequate disguise for he inborn strangeness , that he be set apart at a glance . one of the chess player - who be in the foreground of picture - look up , recognise he and draw the attention of the other to he with some excitement . evidently he have .a reputation . lawrence have see the look and acknowledge it with a half smile . the band music have mutate to the English theme at its most nostalgic and pastoral . the camera pan with lawrence and we see door with notice proclaim they secure and order occupant : " signal . forward area . " " Transport 's ( mechanize ) j ' " brigadier t.h. Smith , d.s.o . " a door open release a clatter of typewriter . a sergeant with a pencil behind he ear be arrest in he walk by a voice from within . : voice ( off ) and get I that p stroke fives , Bill . sergeant right ! he nearly bump into lawrence who essay a brief nod and smile ( quite dignify , not sychophantic ) but the sergeant , in the manner of busy clerical man , be too preoccupy to respond as he make of briskly towards the other side of the courtyard . we hear the incredible tone of the English upper-middle - class on the SOUND track . lawrence 's face light up . lawrence hey ! close shot - the secretary and captain , carry papers , they face correct , be . enter a gateway lead to.an inner courtyard . they turn as they see lawrence who run up to they eagerly from behind . ‘o TI - 58 171 continue lawrence mind if I join you ? secretary oh ! ( smile with straight - forward courtesy ) honoure , sir . the camera track with the three as they walk across the inner courtyard : for a moment they walk in silence , lawrence look ahead and fidget with he uniform , the captain casting sidelong curious glance at he . lawrence jolly good to be back . secretary ( as before ) we heardyouwere , sir. ( pleasantly deferential ) what 's do out there ? lawrence {after a pause ) where ? it be a misconceive attempt to disassociate himself from he reputation , but it be take for false modesty .. the secretary purse he lip . lawrence - oh , erm ... Arabia ? secretary ( dryly ) well yes , sir . lawrence ( look away ) oh , nothing much . ( he have make it worse , and add desperately ) wrong time of yeari . the captain exchange a glance , secretary raise he eyebrow . tl - 59 cc CO 171 . continue lawrence ( eagerly ) what 's do here ? - '' secretary ( comfortably ) we be settling in , sir . we have build a squash court . '' lawrence ec | nd 178 oh jolly good . the camera pan with they as they walk on into a medium shot at the other side of the inner courtyard . lawrence think desperately but can think of nothing to say until they reach a open archway with a notice point upwards read , " General Officer command . " lawrence well I have to go up there . they come to a standstill , the captain look at lawrence . he look back at they defensively , and check the button of he uniform . . lawrence it 's borrow . someone seem to have pinch mine . secretary ( with the automatic viciousness of the colon ) bloody wog . for perhaps half . a second lawrence 's face go stony . but he be starve for humble pie . he smile painfully . lawrence yes , probably . jolly good about the squash court . the secretary nod preparatory to leave . lawrence nod back . the captain move off along the outer wall while lawrence turn inside . reverse close shot - the camera pan with lawrence as he leave the archway . a few step . bring he level with a window - like 0 cy 172 173 174 os ii - 60 continue open in the wall look out over the courtyard . the two captain be walk past on the other side . secretary lay it on a bit . thick do not he ? lawrence pause look after they as they disappear . the old familiar look of defensive contempt appear for a second , but almost as though it be something tahgible . he pluck it from he face and walk on out of picture leave a shot of the window with the courtyard below . medium . shot - the camera be shoot up a stone staircase . lawrence climb the last few step to the top , turn the corner on to a upper landing , and disappear from view as bentley enter the foreground of picture and hurry up the step two at a time . medium : shot - lawrence open a glass doorway lead off a open corridor on the first floor . the camera pan with he into a long shot of a stone - wall room . it be the outer ring of allenby 's defence work . two or three clerk work at desk , among they the R. 8 . M. lawrence ( cheerfully ) Morning ! the R.S.M. look up indifferently , see who it be , and promptly rise smile . evidently lawrence be a hero . R.S.M. good morning , sir ! lawrence ( pass on through the office ) it 's nice to be back . R.S.M. {roguishly ) I will believe you , . sir . lawrence no , really it be . he open a door at the far end . across it , walk at a fast pace , come bentley . , I - 61 , '' ) 175 medium shot - the penultimate room . brighton stand in iq '' foreground of picture , turn as lawrence enter . ' ' brighton 's you be to go right in . the camera oo lawrence pass swiftly through with a friendly wave . centre on brighton . from the sympathetic warmth of tone and the keenness with which he regards he we see that lawrence 's behavior have already arouse anxiety . he follow lawrence with he eye . there be the SOUND of a door open . be 176 close shot - the door . ( from inside allenby 's room ) lawrence enter . he stop short , he face blank . the English theme end abruptly on a barbaric dissonance of cymbal . 177 medium shot -a figure in full arab regalia be more or less oo silhouett against a open archway let out on to a sunny terrace , over - look a garden . as the :reverberation of the cymbal die away . this figure turn and we see it be feisal , and that allenby and dryden be also present . the camera pan with feisal as he walk towards lawrence smile courteously . eo feisal ( sponteneous pleasure ) m auren ! , he join lawrence in close shot and seize he by the hand , '' but as he do so the glow fade from he face and be replace by sadness and suspicion . feisal or be it Major lawrence ? i / lawrence ( salute : formally ) sir. 178 close shot - allenby and dryden . they eye on lawrence . '' 129 close shot - feisal and lawrence . feisal ( drop he hand ) ) the camera pan with feisal as he leave lawrence and move towards allenby and dryden . tl-62 179 continue . feisal well I will leave you , General . Major lawrence doubtless have report to make . he go towards a glass door lead directly out on to the open ¢orridor , but pause to deliver he salvo . feisal about my people ; and they wealmess . and the need to keep they weak . in the british interest . ( by the door ) the french interest too of course , we must not forget the french , now . 180 close up - allenby . he be exasperate . allenby I have tell you , sir no such treaty exist . 181 close up feisal feisal yes , General , you have lie most bravely , but not convincingly . I know this treaty . do exist . 182 close up lawrence lawrence Treaty , sir ? 183 close shot - feisal feisal he do it better than you , General . ( bitterly ) but then of course - he 's almost a arab , he sweep out through the door . 184 close shot - lawrence . there isa silence . he look from the door to allenby and dryden .. i-63 185 medium shot allenby , lawrence and dryden . dryden look curiously and keenly at lawrence . dryden you really do not know ? lawrence spread he hand to demonstrate complete incomprehen ~ sion but he be already look concerned . allenby then what the devil this ? he hold up a paper scrumple in he fist . lawrence ( he tone be one of total exhaustion in a thin shell of correctness ) it 's my request for release from Arabia , sir . allenby ( angry ) for what reason ! ( suspicious ) be you sure you have not hear of the syke - picot Treaty ? 186 close shot lawrence lawrence no. ( wearily ) ican guess , 187 close shot allenby and dryden allenby ( sharply ) do not guess . ( to dryden ) tell he . dryden steeples he finger delicately . dryden well now , Mr. syke be a English Civil serveant and monsieur picot be a french I - 64 187 continue dryden ( cont ) Civil servant . Mr. syke and monsieur picot meet . and they agree that , after the war , France and England should share the turkish Empire . include Arabia . they sign a agreement - : ( he glance at allenby ) 7 notatreaty , sir , a agreement --- to that effect . 188 close shot lawrence '' lawrence there may be honour among thief but there 's none in politician . 189 close shot . allenby and dryden 190 igi dryden ( when , as now , he be stung , he be quite deadly ) : and let 's have no display of indignation . you may not have know , but you certainly 's have suspicion . he rise and walk away towards the archway over - look the garden . if we have tell lie you have tell half - lie ... and a man who tell lie -~- like I --- merely hide the truth . ( softly ) but a man who tell half - lie ... have forget where he put it . close up lawrence lawrence right . but I meet a man the other day ; who show I where it be . the truth be I be a ordinary man . you might have tell I that , drydan . medium : shot . over lawrence on to allenby and dryden dryden look at he , curiously and cautiously . lawrence turn to allenby and say with a change of tone , officially but with a under - tone of threat almost , anticipate opposition : ce 192 193 of 1-65 cy bod 191 continue lawrence and I want a ordinary job , sir . that 's my reason for resign . allenby wrinkle he face irritably and grunt interrogatively , and lawrence raise he voice by a desperate little physical effort . it 's ... personal ! allenby ( softly and irritably . as though lawrence be not speak clearly ) personal ? lawrence yes , sir . allenby ( start quietly but incredulous indignation _ break through ) . personal ? you be a serve Officer in the field ! and as it happen a damned important one ! personal ? be you mad ? close up lawrence . he be sweat and every muscle in he body be rigid , andhis voice come high and strain . lawrence no , and if you do not mind I would rather not go mad ! that 's my reason too ! close shot allenby have he own strain and he leap from he chair , the camera panning with he to the window on the opposi ' : side of the room from dryden . he stand silently , he back to camera , make and effort to contain himself . allenby look lawrence .. 194 close up . lawrence oo : allenby ( off ) -.- on the 16th April I be make my big push on Damascus . and you be part of it . C ) 195 196 197 198 i-66 close up . allenby . he turn to face lawrence . allenby ( explasive ) can you understand that ? you be a important part of the big push ! close up . lawrence . he - be shaking and as he pump out each separate word he jerk he clench fist up and down at he side . lawrence I - - do not ~~ want to be -- part of you -- big push ! . close up . dryden . he have be look away out into the garden , but now he turn he head slowly to look at the two man . allenby ( off ) and what about you arab friend ? what about they ? lawrence ( off ) I have -~ no -- arab friend ! I do not want arab friend ! dryden 's eye widen and he stare . medium shot . from dryden 's point to view we see lawrence 's back in the foreground of picture with allenby stand face he at the window in the background . regular streak of blood have appear across the back of lawrence 's too tight jacket . he have open the wound of he flog . allenby ( more quietly ) what in hell do you want , lawrence ? lawrence ( quieter ) I have tell you ; I just want my ration of common humanity . dryden ( off ) ( carefully offhand but very clear ) lawrence . fot we 198 199 200 -67 continue lawrence ( turn ) yes ? allenby see what dryden have see . close shot dryden . he see that allenby have see . dryden no , nothing , sorry I interrupt , sir . medium shot . lawrence in foreground , allenby in background . lawrence , wary and puzzle , turn back to allenby who move forward towards he with a utter change of tone , shocked but think furiously . allenby quite all right ... er . thank you , Mr drydan . dryden cross picture as he go swiftly towards the door to brighton 's office . dryden thank you , sir . allenby take lawrence by the arm and propel he towards the archway lead on to the terrace . allenby ' er , why do not we ... ? the camera pan with they . we see dryden shutting the door in the background . allenby ( quickly and discreetly ) you back 's cover with blood . lawrence 's hand fly up behind he back . allenby continue , sympathetic but with a calm which be complimentary to lawrence . D ' you want a doctor ? lawrence no. 200 201 202 i-68 continue allenby ( after a quick glance at he face to check he condition , seriously ) well tell I what 's happen . they go through on to the terrace where there be chair , asmall table , drink , magazine and newspaper . medium shot . the orderly room . bentley , watch contemptuously by the r.s.m , and orderlies , be try quite openly , and indifferent to they opinion , to hear at the door of brighton's office . this be open suddenly by dryden . his face be shocked and gloomy and he take no more notice of bentley than if he be a waste paper basket . close shot . dryden and bentley in the foreground ; brighton see through the open door in the background . he be stare at dryden , shocked and anxious . brighton shall I get a doctor ? dryden a doctor ? no. brighton ( rather fearfully ) will I be want ? dryden no , Harry . not you ... dryden close the door . bentley say , what go on in there ? dryden commence to walk away from he . dryden nothing . bentley follow . e 202 &o TI - 69 continue bentley ( briskly , dismiss the formality of discretion ) ah come on . dryden ( with a exaggerated insouciance which be not mean to be believe ) no really , nothing at all . bentley be the man in trouble ? dryden ( bentley 's question have come near the quick of he feeling ; he face be a shade less bland as he murmur lightly ) oh I expect so . we be all in trouble . life ! a vale of trouble . bentley overtake he round a desk and bar he way , adopt a coax tone of voice to mitigate the offensiveness of it , but not budging . bentley just tell I if the man 's in trouble . I have get a interest in the man . I have get a claim . _ dryden ( cold , contemptuous and sharp ) what claim ? bentley ( deprecate shrug ) you have read my stuff -- I have make that boy a hero . ( as one who advance a righteous claim ) when the war 's over that boy can be anything he want ! ti- 70 202 continue dryden ( try to side - step bentley , who foil he ) yes ; well at the moment he want to be somebody else . ( suddenly incense ) will you kindly allow I to pass ? bentley do so , but , loung deliberately , speak deliberately after he . bentley walk away , drydan , walk away . always walk away , be not you ? : dryden ( at the door , catch unprepare for the penetration of this , frown a little , hesitates ) well , I will tell you . it 's a little clash of temp - erament that 's go on in there . inevitably . one of they 's half mad . ( he have intend to finish there but add ) and the other -- wholly wmscrupulous . he reach the door and go out into the sunlight . 203 medium shot . the . terrace outside allenby' office . lawrence be seat in a chair . allenby lean against a pillar , he bottom on the terrace railing . allenby ++. yes . well you have have a glimpse of the pit . lawrence no , a glimpse . of sanity . . ( hard ) and I be not go back . there be a short pause . lawrence 's eye be on the General 's epaulette . allenby notice the look , glance at he crown and cross . sword , , and begin to unbutton he jacket . + 203 i-71 continue allenby you will not go mad , lawrence . ( quite indifferently ) you have get a iron mind . lawrence ( grimly ) oh no . ( but he be pleased ) allenby oh yes .. and here 's another thing . when you ask for " common humanity " you be cry for the moon . common humanity 's the one thing you can not have . lawrence there 's nothing else . allenby ( mildly ) there be , for one man every hundred year or so . lawrence ( sceptical , but we can just see the poison beginning to work ) me? allenby ( take off he jacket ) yes , I think so . ( again he be careful to keep he voice matter - of - fact , as though this be some small technical judgement he have just make . ) allenby put he jacket over the back of a empty chair , and from this point on he adopt the tone use between equal and friend , and friend of such long stand ' that they can even afford to be brusque . he regards he jacket , chucklinga little ruefully . allenby be not that funny , I feel quite naked . he busy himself collect cigar , cutter , match from the table . '' 203° i-72 continue allenby and that 's the difference . I be a leader because someone pin crown on I . you be a leader , : ( shrug ) because God make you one I suppose . there 's nothing you can do about it . allenby sit and seem totally preoccupy with the condition of he cigar . lawrence do not answer but look at he suspicious , flatter , comfort , above all long to accept the paternal embrace that seem to be offer . allenby ( quite idly ) you write poem do not you ? lawrence yes ' allenby any good ? lawrence no. bad. allenby ( nod sympathetically ) hard luck . lawrence be a little amused and quite surprised by the degree of understanding allenby assume . lawrence it 's not a matter of luck . : allenby ' course it be . ( he settles back comfortably ) I grow dahlias myself . apparently on impulse he take from the table a photo of he house and offspring . he peer at it , point out a patch of cabbagy flower in the background . allenby there . ' I - 73 1 ° 203 continue together they study the photo . allenby never look once at he victim , seem innocently absorb in the subject of the conversation . he pause as he replace the photo , and smile . 9 ° allenby that 's my lad . you must come and see we , ree ' afterwards . '' _ lawrence ( he hesitates cautiously , but say ) I would like to . and it be almost like a physical object he have hand to allenby -- '' the key of he citadel . allenby I have get good soil , good compost , I buy good plant . and I be a conscientious 6s gardener . but do not have the luck to ' be a good one .. so ( he grin ) : I be a gardening sort of general . most . general be . but there have be poet '' general . xenophon be one . hannibal ... Nelson be the last . I think you be another ... : lawrence ( he tone sceptical a but he smile tremulous and reproachful ) Nelson , and I ? he be ask allenby to be merciful . C allenby yes . lawrence '' that 's a extraordinary thing to say to : a man. no ) allenby not to a extraordinary man it be not . oo 203 continue he make this statement very deliberate . i-74 lawrence ( thrust it away from he ) no. no. allenby ( remorselessly matter - of - fact ) you must imow it ? lawrence ( almost desperately ) no ! allenby ( in he cun adopt a tone of irritation ) look , lawrence , I have take that thing off -- ( rub he shoulder ) -- and I do not feel happy without they . I believe you name will be a household word when you would have to go to the War Museum to find who allenby be . his voice now become low , confidential , but very steady ; it be temptation incarnate . 204 close up . lawrence allenby ( off ) you be the most extraordinary man I ever meet . lawrence ( quick and low ) -- leave I alone -- allenby ( off ) ( quick and sharp ) -- what ? lawrence ( quick and low ) -- leave I alone . 205 206 207 208 i-75 close shot . allenby over lawrence . after a pause , allenby shrug , and the camera pan with he as he rise and move away with feign hostility , turn he back look out over the garden , the very image of a disappointed father . allenby that 's a feeble thing to say . no wonder you poetry 's bad . '' close up . lawrence look at allenby 's back longingly . he ' hesitates and be lose . he prevaricate : lawrence I know I be not ordinary ... allenby ( off ) ( short ) that 's not what I be say . suddenly lawrence 's immobility fly apart . he be throw about in he chair by muscular stress ~- much as 2 man might respond to a thumbscrew -~ and he cry out : lawrence all right I be extraordinary ! I be extraordinary ! his tone in say this be as though he be say , '' all right I have get cancer ! " a tone of desperate lament ... but then abruptly have accept it , he freeze again and look at allenby he say in avery different tone quietly mock , from a superior knowledge . lawrence what of it ? close up . allenby . he be now look at lawrence , but have not yet catch the reversal of they position . allenby ( gravely and kindly ) not many people have a destiny . lawrence . a terrible thing for a man , to funk it , if he have . medium .shot . allenby walk back towards he chair . lawrence ( almost smile with a little cold smile ) be you speak from experience ? C 208 '' 0-76 continue allenby ( catch in mid-air -- he sit ) no . lawrence you be guess then . allenby be nonpluss and begin to be uneasy . lawrence say in a deadly voice . lawrence suppose you be wrong . allenby ( briskly scramble over he unease ) why suppose that ? we both know I be right . lawrence yes . allenby after all , it 's --- lawrence interrupt he rise from he chair and walk a few pace along the terrace where he stand in a archway he back to the General . lawrence I say , yes . allenby watch he , cautiously . he turn . he address allenby quite politely but not look at he , as though he be a subordinate . lawrence April the 16th . allenby yes . can you doit . I will give you a lot of money . lawrence ( still not look ) artillery ? _ 1-77 208 continue 209 210 211 212 allenby T can not . lawrence ( now look at he ) they will not be come for money , the best of they . they will be come for Damascus . ( very steadily ) which I be go to give they . close shot . allenby look up at lawrence from he chair . he blink , but recover immediately . : allenby that 's all I want . close shot . lawrence lawrence all you want be someone hold down . the turkish right . but I be go to give they Damascus . we will get there before you do . and when they have get it , they will keep it . close shot . allenby lawrence ( off ) you can tell the politician to burn they bit of paper , now . allenby ( spuriously boisterous ) Fair enough ! close shot . lawrence . he look away from allenby and speak almost idly , throw he pearl for allenby to pick up if he can . lawrence " Fair " . what 's " fair " get to do with it ? it 's go to happen ... ( look at he again , quite brisk and matter of fact ) I shall want quite a lot of money . c 212 213 214 215 216 t-78 continue allenby ( off ) all there be ! lawrence not that much . he leave the courtyard and walk towards the camera , loom up in the frame against the background of a fresco on the wall . lawrence the best of they will not come for money . he be now in big close up . his lip quiver slightly and he eye glow . lawrence they will come for I ... long shot . angle down the arab army assembled . they be in two long line , very well order . in front of they man the sheik either sit they beast or stand beside they ready to mount , they Standard bearer behind they . the camel be kneel , they rider ready . the horseman nearest camera look off ( past camera ) stiffen , stand in he stirrup . he raise he voice in a shrill cry . extreme long shot . over the level land something be approach . long shot . angle down the Army as before . with murmurous excitement camel rear up , horseman mount , all together so that the whole line rise in one movement . at the far end of the corridor form by the line be two isolate horseman , and a van with a man on the roof drive out and join they . ( about this van : it be a civilian , not a army vehicle - something bentley have begge , borrow or steal . I would even say it should have lettering : " t.i. mkapolous and Son , Gordon St. , Alexandria , finest Fresh bread deliver " . it be vital in this scene to signal to the audience that we be not offer magnificence in lieu of a properly control finale , like a charlton heston sampson and delilah , that we the film - maker do not take it at face value . bentley be the vitalizing point of disturb - ance in this epic atmosphere which he will enrich , not destroy , if we use he bodily . nothing like a streak of low comedy run through a scene of high drama - vide the late William Shakespeare . ) medium close shot . the man on the roof be bentley , with a tripod camera . the two horseman be ali and auda . oo 216 continue 01-79 auda no picture ! you take no picture of we ! bentley it 's not for you Sheik auda , it 's for Major lawrence ; he do not mind have he picture take . ( he add for ali 's benefit ) he do not . mind at all . auda know this be true and he regards it as a fault . he remove himself from this offensive man a few yard , grumble : . , auda well ... there be only one auren ... and stare keenly off towards : 217 long shot . as for 214 but the move object be now see to be a bunch of camel man , riding rapidly , a white figure among they . 218 medium shot . bentley and ali . bentley ostensibly busy himself with he camera , say lightly : bentley you , erm , meet Major lawrence since he come back , sherif ? ali yes . ' bentley change , have not he ? ali ( loyally ) no. bentley oh I would say he have . different man , I would say . 219 long shot . exactly as for 214 and 217 but we can now recognise lawrence 220 bentley and ali , as before . 220 continue ii - 80 bentley what do that turkish General do to he , in deraa ? _ ali ( fight down he own fear , with . anger ) : he be the same man after deraa ... the same man humble ! '' ( the humbleness be a add virtue evidently ) what do the English General do to he , in Jerusalem ? bentley ( amused and pleased by ali 's percipience ) seach I . ask auren . 221 long shot as for 214 , 217 , 219 , but now lawrence and he group be nearly at the entrance to the corridor . 222 bentley and ali , as before . ali I do . bentley what do he say ? ali he laugh ... he tell I to gather the harith , here ... he offer I money . bentley ( chirpily ignore ali 's . deep and apprehensive tone ) D ' you take it ? ali no . but many do . 223 medium close shot . lawrence and he bodyguard ride between the rank . ( on SOUND track the tribesman break into adulation , some shouting he name , some simply shouting , so. that there be a gradually rise fury of sound underlain by the chant " El auren ! " 223 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 231 i- 81 continue as he progress ) they ride tightly bunched , not fill the screen . lawrence be at the head , but definitely one of they , not remove . he be mount on a magnificent white camel , outrageously caparison , though he himself be still all white . his expression be exalt ; this we have see before . but it be also unwittingly desperate - he be not fully aware of himself , imperfectly in control of himself - and this we have not see before . the bodyguard ride beautifully , every man a expert . lawrence turn he eye from side to side , take in the Army , but the bodyguard keep : they brutalize face immobile , save perhaps for a faint suggestion of a sneer , a secret rather nasty joke . they be contemptuous of all this merely legitmate might . outsider who have sell themselves to lawrence , they concern themselves with he only . they be all ofa kind . they be superbly dress , armed to the tetth . track shot . along the face of the arab army . we now see that behind and among the tribesman be man of a different kind , mount on mule , even donkey , some very poorly dress , in literal black rag , one or two double up on rangy farm camel . but all have rifle and bandolier - british Arm webbing in the case of the poorer . all be in a state of wild excitement , but we now pass a Sheik , sit he horse before he man , and as he see lawrence 's party : panning shot . lawrence and bodyguard p.o.v. the sheik . as for 224 . the sheik look horrify , bewilder , alarmed , in contrast to the open mouth , stare eye and wildly flap arm behind he . as for 223 , lawrence and bodyguard . as for 224 tracking along the arab Army . another Sheik with the same reaction . as for 223 and 227 . lawrence and bodyguard . as for 224 and 228 , tracking . another sheik with the same reaction . close shot ali . the van behindhim . he be reacting exactly like the three sheik . but bewilderment and alarm give way to indignation . he whip he horse and take off down the corridor . lawrence and he bodyguard , half way up the corridor now , with the adulation at its climax , be join by ali . of ii - 82 231 continue : ali what be this ? lawrence this be my bodyguard . ali turn in he saddle and inspect they with the cold eye of the : aristocrat , then turn back : ! ali there be not a man there without a price on he head . lawrence ( quite quietly ) : there 's a price on my head , too . ali ( excitedly ) but this be murderer ! do you know the sheik will hang this man ? lawrence ( flatly ) this man be mine . ' ali be unwilling to accept the meaning of all this . he reason : ali auren , this thing know nothing of the arab revolt - you ! khitan of aleppo ! ' ' 231a close shot . khitan , spokesman for the bodyguard . khitan sherif ? ali where , do we ride ? khitan Damascus , sherif . ali ( dryly ) aye , but for what ? ii - 83 of 231a continue khitan ( a insolent little smile , glance at he protector ) sherif , for auren . ali turn back , be horrify to find the insolent smile of khitan reflect in the face of lawrence , who have hear the interchange . ali '' ( contemptuous ) '' you have buy this thing ! lawrence ( he make it reasonable to oo cut deeper ) I buy half the man here , ali. 231b medium shot . the yell tribesman . 5 cx : ali '' oo ( uncomfortable ; he would prefer to have do without they , though he know they be need : ) that be different . e ( gesture to bodyguard , hotly ) this be not ordinary man - he mean theyare monster but lawrence choose tomisunderstand he , interrupt heavily : lawrence I do not want ordinary man . and he come down heavily on the phrase , awaken echoe of second ray azrak and corruption scene . he whip up he mount and the body - ~ guard surge after he , leave ali to pull he way out of it as best he can . he look after they , full of forebode . the tribesman fall more quiet , wonder what lawrence will do . 231c medium long shot p.o.v. ali . the bodyguard sweeping away down the corridor , towards auda . . 231d close shot auda . he spur off ‘to meet . lawrence . the Army fall silent . t-84 231e close moving shot . the bodyguard have form the open " U '' formation in which they will ride , protect lawrence from contact with the common herd . 231f close moving shot . on the outside of the bodyguard , auda on he horse cannot approach lawrence . he gradually fall behind , he face dark , not with anger or forebode , but incomprehension . 231g close moving shot . lawrence , at the end of the corridor now , simply raise he stick and increase he pace to a gallop , cry : lawrence Damascus ! it catch the assemble tribesman unprepare , then in one beat they roar and spur after he , the swifter to the fore . 231h medium tracking shot . bentley bump along on the roof of he van , eagerly take picture of the motley unit of the Army as they pour past he . ali rein alongside , look down sternly . bentley choose he tone . bentley ah , come on sherif . my little machine can not put the curse on a whole army ! 234 I aerial long shot . music up . the arab army stream away , 2 very rough broad arrow behind lawrence and the bodyguard , trail straggler . like streamer of seaweed . leave bentley and he van behind . i , dissolve 232 . medium shot . a large british Army tent , Interior . it be pitch on bare earth by the road to damascus . outside we hear a military band recede " Goodbye tipperary " , and the regular tramp of infantry , and motor vehicle in low gear : a Brigade go up to the Front . allenby sit at a camp table on a camp chair in a attitude of enforce patience , stir a cup of tea . his dress exhibit that little personal irregularity which officer permit themselves on active service . 233 . reverse shot . before he sit four group of high rank staff officer at . four table litter with papers . the large group be infantry , administrative and thoughtful ; the next artillery , very busy ; at . the next cavalry , conscientiously dash , boot leg cross ; finally the specialist --- Native affair , ally liaison , medical , signal .. at the moment every one of this important man be silently es ' i-85 continue stir a cup of tea and stare sternly at the camera ( i.e. at allenby ) except for the artillery table which be even now be serve from a large tray by . a white - coat arab servant , who then go , through the flap which be whipped open and shut after he by a military policeman on guard outside . at once : allenby very well gentleman --- the cavalry 's go througn mazril and deraa --- ( he break off and bestow , a wintry smile .on the : cavalry table ) -- very good by the way , very good indeed . cavalry officer show a certain consciousness . other poker-face . allenby now . ( he sit back ) you turn . artillery general ( on he foot --- a man with a fierce moustache to single he out ) if the enemy 's retreate in any kind of order --- which we would better assume ---? allenby --- certainly --- artillery general then he can not be further than --- ( glance at map before he ) --- this mallud place . in which case I can have he within range by ( a moment 's pause before he commit himself ) 0900 hour tomorrow . allenby ( he face light up ) splendid ! all eye turn on the infantry general . a more cautious spirit . '' v '' ad 233 continue 11-86 infantry general well this be the last infantry support go : up now sir . but mallud ... could have the fusilier there by Wednesday , sir . allenby that will do for now . ( to artillery general ) the gun be what matter . artillery general ( quietly reassure ) understood sir . cavalry general ( rather superior , . rise from map ) this " arab Army " on the right sir , what 's it consist of ? brighton ( address he ) irregular cavalry , sir ; about two thousand . cavalry general and where be they now ? brighton ( almost proudly ) can only know that by be with they sir . allenby ( rise . a little irritable ) then get with they Harry ; I want to know . brighton yes sir . allenby go , break up the meeting ; he gait show he have some specific task await elsewhere but he pause by the artillery general to take he arm and murmur : allenby pound they charley , pound they ... 234 exterior night . the : - rumble of gun , the horizon flicker . 235 236 i- 87 reverse shot . the foot of camel pace in soft sand . low drum music mingle with the rumble . the light flicker faintly . camera lift to reveal the face of lawrence and the leader , light by the same light . behind they the dark mass of the arab Army shuffles forward . lawrence ride in a clear space , protect by the bodyguard , the leader exclude . ali ( softly ) God help the man who lie under that . auda , he face gloomy and disapprove , grunt agreement , nodd at ali . lawrence from he artificial solitude raise he voice . lawrence ( flippantly ) they be Turks ! bodyguard laugh softly . lawrence be , for the first time , play unconsciously with he pistol , click the hammer and spin the chamber . ali look at he . ali ( stubbornly ) God help they . cuT daytime . the High Road to damascus . ( music , English theme ) british Army man and vehicle swing past we . all be different as maybe from the wildly individual horde of the arab Army . face be fair , hair be golden , uniform bleach and launder . there must inevitably be sweat and dust but this be the merest film upon the basic good order . in a series of shot we see the man from slightly above to emphasize they humanity , the vehicle from slightly below to emphasize they prowess . on vehicle and shoulder flash we read the pastoral name : " Green howard " '' sussex yeomanry '' '' Duke of cornwall 's Light infantry " . oneopen car be uncomfortably fill with War correspondent , one of they bentley . then gun --- everything shine and buckle down , nothing loose , flap , jerk as among lawrence 's promiscuous rider . by the side of the road we come upon allenby 's staff car , engine revving . by it a camel be be lead away by a n.c . o. wear a khaki kaffir . brighton similarly clad , be in the act of slamm the car door and seating himself in it , by allenby . as he do so the car move off . brighton he 's get the bit between he tooth , all right . owe 236 G a237 i ' 0 237 : 238 ro ) a 'w 0-88 continue allenby cocky ? brighton more than cocky , sir , he ... he 's get the bit between he tooth . all right . I think he will get to Damascus before we do , sir . unless .... allenby unless ---? brighton well. there 's a turkish column in front of he . out of mazril . they avoid one another 's eye . allenby what do the Turks have in mazril ? brighton Brigade , sir . I wonder where they be ... CuT to medium close shot ( probably long focus lens ) part of the village can be -seen through wisp of smoke rise from black and char foreground . the camera pan a little follow 2a . brightly coloured piece of woman' clothing as it blow up a path - way behind the smoke and come to rest on what appear to be a human hand stick up out of the debris . long shot : ( already shot ) . show atrocity and end on dead woman . close tracking shot . ( from behind ) on the back of a young soldier at the end of the column . he turn and look back right to leave towards camera . we see he have a peasant , bovine face . a man next to he slap he on the back and he turn he head round again . camera crane ypward and thus disclose a long shot of the whole column as it move away from 'us . '' c i- 89 239 close tracking shot ( from the front ) a group of turkish soldier ( only one or two with rifle ) . they shuffle along not look - ing at one another . : 240 close shot , a group ofsick and exhausted men lie huddle on the floor of a . jolting cart . besides they walk other men hang on . the cart which support they flagging energy . ( try and select sympathetic peasant face ) . 241 close tracking shot a gun carriage . a exhausted middle - aged man sit among a collection of bedding , bucket , nosebag and a coop of chicken . 241a big close shot . tracking - the middle - aged man ( chicken in the background ) he stare vacantly ahead . 242 long shot tracking - what he see : the column sprawle out in the desert in front of he . 2424 close tracking shot on the back of the leading column . the back of the turkish commandant silhouett against the glaring desert beyond . 243 medium shot : a group of turkish soldier surround a section of camp kitchen pile with rifle , bandolier , rug and kitchen utensil . the clanging noise which we have hear throughout the sequence '' be now show to come from : 2434 close shot two iron ladle swing against each other with a raucous clamour like a parody of church bell . the ladle swing into big close up , they clanging become louder and louder . CUT to 244 close shot : the screen be momentarily mauve , the mauve of lawrence 's banner ; it pass out of picture disclose lawrence himself . he be sit tense on he camel look around the village he breath come in gasp . he stir he camel onwards and we see the arab army pass through the ruin . ( possibly craning upwards as lawrence go out of picture ) 245 close shot . from behind a foreground of the pinioned man ( whom we see in the first long shot with the turkish column ) . auda ride up into close shot , he face black with anger and certainty . 246 medium shot . the camera be shoot on to the . back of a group of horsemen lead by auda as they mount the ridge over the village . the camera crane upwards disclose the turkish column on the plain beyond . 2 247 248 '' ' 249 'o 250 ‘oo i . oo 251 > ( > 252 co 253 oo '' oe not a , ti- 90 long shot . the arab army . the long line of the arab army appear over the ridge . close shot ali ( with the village behind ) he come to a standstill . on the ridge , apprehensive , appal by the emotion which be rapidly gather force around he . lawrence enter the foreground of picture in big close up . he stop gaze out across the plain . it be quite apparent that he be wrestle with inner conflict beyond the immediate situation . there be the SOUND of a distant bugle . ; medium shot . the turkish column . there be a spurt of sudden activity , the soldier look back fearfully and spur on they '' animal . the bugle continue loud . long shot the arab army be already along the ridge overlook the plain . the rear column still move up behind . khitan move into big close shot in foreground of picture . he look straight '' ahead . khitan ( very softly ) no prisoner . big close up . lawrence with ali beside he in the background ' both men have hear khitan . lawrence 's breathe become more rapid . ali look at he closely . ali ( warningly and anxiously ) Damascus , auren ... lawrence appear not to have hear . there be a SOUND of horse ' hoof . L close up auda come to a halt in big close up with lawrence and ali in the background . auda look out over the plain . he draw he sword with a grate ring . close up lawrence and ali . ali ( he eye go from auda to lawrence ) auren . not this , go round . Damascus . Damascus , auren , go round , go round . 254 254a 255 256 257 258 259 260 261 262 263 tl-91 close up khitan , now very excited . khitan ( to the bodyguard ) no prisoner , big close up lawrence , again he seem to have hear khitan 's remark . he look terrify . his eye stare inwards , he lick he lip ; he be shake by a last conflict with the diabolic in himself . therc be the SOUND of horse hoof . lawrence glance over to he righ ? long shot the arab army line upon the ridge . a single horseman be come out from the line , ahead of the other . all eye be upon he . close shot . lawrence , ali and auda ali ( appeal to he to stop this next move ) auren ! auda ( hold up he hand to stop any interference from lawrence ) this be talaal 's village ! close shot . talaal come to a halt in the foreground of picture , he back to camera . in the background be the " turkish column . close up talaal . he look fixedly after the Turks . he suddenly take hold of himself , draw he sword , dash he stirrup into the mare 's flank and gallop out of picture . big close up lawrence . a shiver intake of breath . long shot : shoot on to the back of the arab army , now qu : still , in foreground of picture with talaal gallop away from they towards the turkish column in the background . close shot . auda watch talaal , close shot . ali watch talaal . long focus panning shot of talaal 's charge . bend low and sway in the saddle talaal charge across the plain . the camera zoom in until he and he mount be fill the screen . 264 265 266 267 268 269 270 271 272 i-92 medium shot . the rear of the turkish column have come to ahalt . in foreground of picture one or two turkish soldier stand gape , mesmerise by the charge . in the background cther . soldier run for they weapon . close tracking shot . talaal . he rise up in the saddle , raisr : he sword and cry in a tremendous shout : talaal talaal !! talaalil ! close shot . a group of turkish riflemen kneel and fire . medium shot . through a foreground of rifle smoke we see talaal and he horse crash to the ground and slither to the foot of the turkish riflemen . extreme close shot . talaal 's body roll over towards camera revealing big close up , blood - soaked dust and sand . close shot .. lawrence . he gulp convulsively , then shout with a terrible conviction : . lawrence no prisoner !! no prisoner !! - and he be off . close up . auda . . with a terrifying ruthlessness he spur he horse on out of picture . close up khitan . he be almost laugh . he too move on out of picture . close shot . ali . in the background the arab army be move forward and past he in a wave . he lug out he sword . ali oh God . he spur he horse forward . the camera begin to track ali God ! God !! God !!! and he too be sweep up into the frenzy . so '' " 273 274 275 276 277 278 279 280 281 282 283 ti-93 long shot . the arab army descend from the village on to the plain . as they gather speed the thud of horse hoof rise in crescendo as they pass camera in a cloud of dust . medium close shot . ( from behind ) panic at the rear of the turkish column . a series of clatter jolt as horse and mule be whipped forward and take up the strain of they vehicle . . men , look fearfully backwards , run for they rifle and bandolier . dust begin to rise . close tracking shot . ( from behind ) against a background of panic man a machine gun and its tripod be be drag from the back of a mule . close tracking shot . ( from behind ) a gun carriage . bedding and bandolier be throw aside . the exhausted middle - aged man be drag from he perch and the camera pan down with he as he fall to the ground surround by scurry feet . close tracking shot lawrence . his face be distort with a sort of dreadful mirth . he subconsciously raise he pistol . what he 's always want - dread - be ' upon he . big close up the ladle of the camp kitchen clang together with unnatural loudness and move rapidly away froin camera into a medium shot disclose a chaotic picture of turn wheel , run foot and man on donkey - all flee from camera . medium shot ( 57 mm ? ) the dead body of talaal and he horse form the foreground of the picture . the first wave of the arab army sweep around and over they . close shot . a group of some half dozen kneeling turkish riflemen ~ now some yard from the rear of the retreate turkish column - fire a volley . close shot tracking . two arab be sweep from they horse . a banner crash down in front of camera . long shot ( from behind ) the turkish column be . spread out into the distance . spasmodic rifle fire be take up all along the line . like a great wave the arab army stream in from under . camera about to engulf the turkish rear . medium shot ( 57mm static camera ) the charging arab horsemen as see from the rear of the column . in the foreground of picture the head and shoulder of the turkish riflemen , they back to camera , rise up with they hand above they head . ce C 284 285 286 287 288 289 290 291 292 293 294 295 296 297 298 299 300 301 302 tl-94 close shot tracking : auda and he bodyguard fire from the saddle . close up tracking . lawrence , he eye wild and stare . close shot . the turkish riflemen lie sprawle over each other dead . Flying horse hoof obliterate they . medium long shot . the front of the arab army start to engulf the turkish column in a'u ' shape formation , horsemen dash up on either side , fire into the panic turk . close shot . the turkish commander , he horse rear , surround by flee men and animal , shout order into the bedlam he leap from he horse . ( not more than five foot in all ) . medium long shot . ( 75 mm ? ) the arab horsemen be gallop past on either side of the turkish column , turn it into a dusty corridor of panic , violence and death . the camera pan with the arab as they blast they way along the column . close shot . a group of terrified turk shelter against a vehicle , the farside arab horsemen racing past in background . close shot . ( Long focus lens ) running feet in foreground of picture , horse hoove «in background . a body fall into picture and take the place of the foot . close tracking shot . auda ( on the farside of the column ) he raise he sword and hack downward . medium shot . music CUT . a group of Turks under the frenzied direction of the commander , be unlimber two field gun . medium shot . auda , still follow by he standard bearer , and he section , stare keenly , point and set off another charge . music . long shot . music continue . . from aud4 's point of view we hurtle towards the gun crew and the commander , who have they back turn , and be face a group of the bodyguard who wheel to charge in the distance . then we -are on top of they : close shot . music continue ; they turn : some scream . close shot . auda hack downward with he sword . music cut close shot . turkish foot run diagonally across the screen . close shot . turkish foot run diagonally across the screen in the opposite . direction . close shot . horse hoof . music . close flash shot . ali sabering into the camera . close tracking shot . lawrence and a group of the body - guard , charge . oo 303 304 305 306 307 308 309 310 311 312 313 314 315 316 317 318 319 320 o-95 close tracking shot . the turkish kitchen unit flee before the camera . the bodyguard ride through and over they leave they sprawle and bloody . - oe close shot . ali wheel he horse , he stare at : close shot . lawrence fire he pistol point- blank into a man 's face . long shot . a group of some thirty Turks fan away from we , run . close shot . a compact mass of bedouin , lead by lawrence , flash across the screen . close shot . speed towards a single turkish soldier . close shot . lawrence riding full belt at the camera raise he pistol . close shot . turkish soldier go over backwards , he face bloody . music cut . medium shot . turkish Soldiers stumble blindly ' through - the swirl dust in every direction . . close shot . auda in the dust hack . close shot . ali , in the dust , cough . close shot . lawrence in the dust , fire . long shot . the sun see through the dust be red and decline . medium shot . music . four turkish Soldiers run into comparatively clean air from the dust . medium shot . a group of twenty or thirty bedouin pursue they . close shot . the turk be cut down in a flash . medium long shot . the bedouin wheel . close shot . music CUT . ali watch this , breathe hard . he drop he sword and dismount for it . he pick it up and stare blink like a man come from atrance . he look about . 321 322 323 324 325 326 327 328 329 330 331 332 333 h-96 medium shot . the bedouin be disappear back into the drift pall of dust along the fringe of which lie body of man and horse . medium shot . another little group of turk run from the dust pall towards the camera . . close shot . ali watch they indifferently . it be obvious he will let they go . medium shot . music . when the turk be quite near they see ali and be terror strike . then they fall on they knee . but lawrence and the bodyguard appear like a thunderbolt out of the dust pall . they tear up to and pass the turk , lawrence fire , the bodyguard strike out . the turk fall . close shot . ali . he call as lawrence flash past he . ali auren ! medium shot . lawrence wheel and gallop past again with he man . close shot . ali call after he again . ali auren ! close flash shot . lawrence '' unheed , return to the carnage , he face stupefy with excitement . medium shot . music cut . a group of some fifty turkish soldier be herde together and raise they hand look straight at , and back away from : close shot . auda , with he man on either side of he , trot slowly towards they . he stop . he sheathes he sword , he raise he rifle ; he man follow suit . medium shot . the turk turn and run . close shot . auda and he man fire . close tracking shot . ali search amongst the dust , which show in glimpsis the result of the carnage , call : ali auren ! m- 97 dy es 334 close shot . a turk run across he front , follow a '' moment later by dismounted bodyguard hold sword , two hand . ' ali ' auren ! 's : 335 close shot . in the dust a mount bedouin be shoot a ! group of harness turkish baggage animal , methodically reloading ' before each round . the range be about five yard and the horse be scream . , '' _ , 386 close shot . lawrence and the bodyguard on the fringe of the pall , he back tous . the sun be low behindthem . ali appear at a little distance . auren ! ' '' 337 close shot . lawrence turn he head slightly . we see he , face but ali approach cannot . it be quite mindless and very frightening . he be reloading the chamber of he pistol . CO ali auren ! ( join he ) ' enough ! oo 338 extreme close shot . lawrence 's hand reloading the pistol . 'y while on SOUND track ali repeat . enough ! make they stop ! , 339 close shot . lawrence turn he face slowly from we to the wo camera . we can not see it but ali can . he stare , he eye ' widen . he back he horse instinctively . 340 medium shot . a group of turkish officer , some on horse , other cling to they stirrup , break away in the distance . '' 341 vifiom shot . lawrence see they . his face blaze again . h+ shout and with the bodyguard take off after they . the dust close over ali whose face be aghast . oo 342 close shot . a turkish corpse in the billow bust . 7 343 close tracking shot . in the billow dust a ludicrous and apocalyptic figure appear . it be a elderly turkish soldier , unarm , he face cake with dry blood , mount on a donkey . he gabbles the name of God in a audible voice as he appear and a ad 343 344 345 346 347 348 349 350 351 352 353 354 355 356 357 358 i-98 continue disappear in the dust . close shot . a arab stalk through the dust , he rifle ready . close shot . a turk stumble wildly through the dust in any direction . he stop when he come upon : close shot . a bedouin remove the boot from a group of corpse . he take up he rifle and shoot the turk . close shot . the man on the donkey leave the dust and make for open country . the moon be rise . close shot . Three or four bedouin trot silently , they rifle ready . close shot . a heap of dead donkey , tangle in the harness of up ~ turn little truck , cough be hear in the dust . close shot . a bodyguard cock he head and listen intently to the cough ; a pistol in he hand . medium long shot . the man on the donkey , out in the open . close shot . auda see , take off after he . closeshot . the man hear auda coming . he spur he donkey . medium shot . the man on the donkey towards we . auda be come up behind he . when the turk be right up to the camera , auda be right up with he and for a second fill the screen . close shot . auda rein . in ; the dead turk behind he ; the donkey stand . auda sheathes he sword , take out he rifle and shoot the donkey . close shot . his graphic face be merciless and stern but not excited it be the face of Mars satisfied . extreme long shot , the moon have rise clear and lovely above the hill . camera pan round the hill to : medium shot . lawrence onan eminence , mount on he camel , look over what he have do , which we have not yet see . ali be in a parallel stance but remove at a distance from he . ) . 0- 99 a J 359 medium shot . behind they bentley approach on a peasant 's '' ' camel with a dilapidate saddle , precariously hang on , a vulgarly comical figure . ' 360 close shot . he shout out : ( he be eager for he story ) of bentley hey , Major ! Major lawrence ! , he slither down protect he camera , not himself , and run up the incline panting . but when he see what be to be see he expression '© change : Jesus wept ! this be a expression of pure shock , but after a pause he face disclose , a fund of natural pity and the sadness of he too wide experience , too , o little understand . deeply and simply : bentley . Jesus wept ..... sa 361 longshot . with a chord of music we see the field of battle . the ' half - stripped body of the turk lie like ivory in the pale light , in swathes and row . it be a golgotha . a few arab . make they way amor , they , stooping . from this distance ali call , he voice crack with bitterness . . ali do it suprise you , Mr. bentley ? : camera approach he . wo surely you know the Arabs be a barbarous people ! ... barbarous and cruel ? who but they ----? ( he swallow ) who but they ----- 2 cc ( he break off ) 362 close shot . bentley , look up at the mount figure of lawrence in a tone not of hatred or disgust , but of lamentation for a fall hero : '' bentley oh , you rotten man . he aim he camera , and we see lawrence from he viewpoint , a magnificent and romantic figure against the sky , and himself crouching o like a inferior animal . 362 363 364 365 366 367 - 100 continue bentley ( cont ) here . let I take you rotten bloody picture . he do so and aim he camera again . for the rotten bloody newspaper . lawrence suffer it , he face like marble in the magnesium flare , CUT , close tracking shot . a gallop arab horseman . he carris : a bunch of unripe grape . CUT to lawrence as before , but now entirely alone . the horseman rein in and hold out the grape . horseman ( triumphant ) this be cut last night auren --- : in Damascus ! ' close shot . lawrence . he take they and stare at they . extreme close shot . the translucent green bead of fruit quiver in he hand , while on SOUND track the horseman repeat invite ) : " Damascus " one or two of the grape break off and lie in lawrence 's palm . medium shot . lawrence hand the bunch back to the horseman and regards they in the horseman 's hand . lawrence ( in a voice perfectly prosaic , perfectly null , the voice of aircraftsman Shaw ) . take they to sherif Ali . tell he ... remind he ... he take a shudder breath and look away hoplessly . the horsema - turn he horse . lawrence 's eye fall upon the grape in he hand . vk '' 367 368 '' '' c4 NY t-101 continue lawrence be allenby in Damascus ? horseman ( look at he curiously ) near . lawrence tell sherif Ali that . he cut off he awareness of the man .. slowly and mechanically he put the grape in he mouth . the expression of he haunt eye do not change one iota but he lip twitch in a reflex against the bitterness of the fruit . horseman ( laugh ) they be not ripe ! the horseman go . cut close shot . allenby be stride , a conquer caesar , through he improvise headquarters in Damascus . camera retreate before he . at one elbow walk brighton , at the other a major . behind be the a.d.c , and dryden . have this very minute arrive , allenby be travel - stain and tired look , and carry he cap . the a.d.c , likewise . dryden carry he Panama hat and stick and look fatigue , though immaculate . the major and brighton have be there some time , be cleaner and without they cap , and brighton be also without Sam browne or jacket . the majoris a sort of military Major - domo , fussy and self - important , and he be show allenby to he quarter . he run ahead to open door , indicate to leave and right the preparation that be be make in the hall through which they pass . he have a exact half of allenby 's attention ; brighton have the other . trestle table and chair be carry in one after another ; papers , typewriter and file be place and order by a host of clerical n.c.o. 's , while signalmen swiftly unwind spool of telephone cable in contrary direction . their. many voice and the bang and slapping of they equipment , ( though purposeful not excited ) make a constant echoing and we can only hear that brighton be talk urgently , a " rhubarb " speech which we cannot hear except the underline word : 368 369 370 371 h - 102 ' continue brighton lawrence be behind it sir --- everything they ' do on the advice of lawrence ! everything that matter be swarm with the arab Army -- they have get a thing they call the arab flag : I do not know how they do it --- know who ' do it for they --- lawrence ! '' close shot . the major pass the camera . ; allenby ( to brighton ) when ? brighton a day and a night , sir ' they have be ' here a day anda night ! they have occupy the town , sir ! they have do it ! he 's set up he own headquarters -~- in the town Hall ! he be almost querulous at allenby 's continue equanimity and divide attention . allenby pause to pick up a telephone and listen for the " live " tone , and then replace it , before pass on , say : allenby what else besides the town Hall ? brighton telephone Exchange , Post Office , power House . ( he indicate the electric light beneath which they be pass ) Hospitals , Fire station , everything , sir ! reverse shot . the major rather grandly throw open a double door , step back and salute . as the party . pass through . medium shot . Inside allenby 's temporary private quarter . two room , the first a live room . the a.d.c. shut the door on the major and on the racket outside . brighton they call themselves the arab National Council , sir ! " oo 371 372 373 - 108 continue but allenby throw down he cap and walk straight through ( camera following ) to the next room , very sparsely furnish with wash -stand and camp bed which he test without enthusiasm . brighton 's voice pursue he , reiterate indignant and bewilder , as though this be proof of the urgency of the situation : brighton ( on SOUND track ) they're in the town Hall ! allenby come back into the live room say : allenby well they be you pigeon , Harry . what do you think we should do then ? brighton well , get them out of there , in quick time , sir ! allenby how about that , drydan ? dryden not unless you want a full - scale rise on you hand . brighton ( to dryden ) well what then ? close shot . dryden look over the green palm and garden of Damascus . we hear distant crowd noise . dryden ( to allenby ) when will . Prince feisal be in Damascus ? medium shot . all look at dryden . allenby by special train in two day ' time . dryden ( calculate ) two day ... allenby two day be what you ask I for . I can not keep he out any longer . be not it enough ? co 373 c 374 - 104 continue dryden ( almost sadly ) yes , ample I should think . medium shot .as before . brighton ( puzzle and indignant ) we can not just do nothing , sir ! this cry break the stillness . the a ,d.c. relax he pose of strain attention . dryden move from the window towards a chair . allenby sit and say to brighton , smile : allenby why not ? it 's usually best . ( to a.d.c . ) get we something to drink , tracey . a.d.c. move towards door . and tracey : all troops to remain quarter until further order . a.d.c. yes sir . ( pause ) . do that apply to technical unit , sir allenby technical unit particularly . a.d.c . yes , sir . ( go ) brighton ( a little horrify ) medical , too , sir ? allenby ( harsh ) yes , Harry , medical too ! ccut t-105 the council chamber of the town Hall . pandemonium reign . some two dozen of the lead sheik be seat ( or stand ) at a long mahogany table . at its head the principal chair --- almost a throne -~- be unoccupy . on one side of it be lawrence 's place , on the other , ali 's . auda be by lawrence . the other range down the table and they rifle make a small arsenal down its beautifully polished surface . absurdly , ink stand , paper and pen have be place along it , but this be now push away and scattered . City dignitary , in european clothes and the turkish fez look down from the wall . at the foot of the table on bentwood chair bring in for the occasion , be one or two syrian in pale suit , with stiff winge collar . one or two of the sheik look grave , one or two uneasy , most be in a mood of total excitement and uncontrol . round they be range they individual bodyguard --- say three or four to each sheik --- armed to the tooth and ready to back they master with blow , bullet or as now merely with noise . at the moment , the sheik be in two faction , lean across the table or towards each other on the same side , shouting fiercely . some of lawrence 's own bodyguard be by the door which tremble now and then under pressur . from without , lawrence be seat stare at the table with a premonition of defeat . auda , beside himself with rage , be stand yell into ali 's face . ali be seat , he face grim with forebode and the effort of self control . we can not hear what auda say , except : " howeitat " and , repeatedly , ' harith " . lawrence look up , gird himself , rise suddenly and pound the table with the butt of he pistol , leave dent in the surface . he go on , look fiercely at the sheik , until ( the graver soul pull the other into they seat ) they be sufficiently silent and mostly seat . lawrence we here be neither , harith nor howeitat , nor any other tribe but Arabs of the arab Council , act for Prince feisal ! this momentarily calm all with the parcial exception of auda who , glaring at ali say : auda he insulted I ! a ominous murmur from howeitat supporter . lawrence ( patiently ) sherif Ali say that the telephone be in the care of the howeitat and that the telephone have cease to work . and this be true , auda . o.. ~ srb 375 I - 106 continue , ! auda ( sullenly ) : they will not work because they be give | no electricity . and the electricity be in the care of the harith ! ( to ali ) you insulted I --- harith ! this last word be say as aterm of abuse . ali start and lawrence grip he wrist . lawrence | ( to ali , sotto but not look . at he ) if you answer they will be bloodsh . ali '' ( look at lawrence : sotto ) do you speak to I of bloodsh ? lawrence take this in . he release ali 's hand which be remove , ali raise he voice : . . ' I ask pardon of audaibu tayi . auda raise he eyebrow . he be astonished . then he sneer : ' auda humbly ? humbly , harith ? . i ali lick he lip , clenches he fist upon the table end , glaring at auda , ' reply : . ali yes . auda look at he , see that he motive be not fear . he be suddenly fill with unease and depression . auda Weil , this be a new trick ... he throw himself back gloomily in he chair . lawrence quickly seize the opportunity to break the train of event . he address : elder harith : of , for lawrence why be there no electricityfor the telephone ? as 375 4 tf-107 continue elder harith rise for a speech . a respected figure , he have the attention particularly of the older and graver spirit . elder harith I have be to the Electrical House auren . there be three large machine ... a syrian , patronisingly helpful call up the table to lawrence : syrian he mean generator . elder harith ( courteously ) so? ( to lawrence ) one of they be burn . ( he turn to the other , smile pityingly ) they be of incredible size , but helpless . white haire sheik ( sententiously ) it be so with all machine . another let they burn . what need telephone ? a chorus of agreement , not excited this time , but deep and philosophic . lawrence rise , pound the table again , break in , cry out desperately : lawrence the need be absolute ! ali then we need the English engineer . lawrence no ! take English engineer and you take English government ! take --- the door burst open and a dishevel sheik and syrian burst in . a mob of yell petitioner attempt to follow and be beat back by the bodyguard who close the door . the syrian screech out to the other at the far end of the table : j oo 875 continue . dishevelled syrian Fire ! ( he fight for breath ) Fire have break out ! ( he fight for breath again , make a graphic gesture with both hand ) all along the waterfront ! h-108 the syrian start to they foot in a overlap clamour : " where ? " " in what quarter ? " ' in what district ? " explode and fall silent in the same instant . L dishevelled syrian the jinsibi District ! first syrian ( to lawrence , reassuringly ) it be not a district that matter . lawrence ( look at he with cool dislike ) it. will spread . second syrian ( between exasperation at the stupidity of the savage and alarm for he property ) then in God 's name , use the fire brigade ! dishevelled sheik we have try , auren . thereis no ... ( he make desperate push movement with he hand as he seek for the word " pressure " ) . no force in the water . lawrence ( almost stamp ) then you must carry it ! dishevelled sheik ( with dignity ) the rualla do not carry water . auda ( in the spirit of sheer mischief ) what else be they good for ? '' dd hi 375 376 377 378 379 380 381 382 ii-109 continue there be a uproar again , some laugh , the rualla and they ally furious , and the other quick to respond . music ( arab theme mount ) lawrence rise , gesture dishevelled sheik to follow he . the door be throw open , and under the rise music the petitioner pour in , wave papers , beseech , bully , indignant or tearful . we see that they extend throughout the lobby of the town Hall towards the open double doorway . close shot . one of the sheik at the table be stuff silver ink stand into the fold of he garment , hurriedly , as one who prepare to depart . medium.shot . on the step of the town Hall , lawrence be shouting into the uproar . lawrence we will hear petition this afternoon ! this afternoon ... long shot . in the street or square outside the town Hall a cart lie on its side . and people run from every quarter towards the step of the town Hall where we see lawrence fight forward through the intemperately individual mob , a hopeless enterprise . cuT allenby' room . close shot . brighton stand stiff and uneasy by one to the window , bite he lip look out upon a dark sky with a faint red glow in it from which distant shout and now a occasional scream be also hear . he turn to look at : medium shot . the electric light be burn . bottle , glass , and use plate . dryden sit at he ease , read . allenby have one eye upon a open book upon a table and , in a highly artificial stance with one leg before the other , he hold aloft a piece of cane with a length of string attach to it , extreme close shot . it be a text book on fly fishing and a diagram show a edwardian gentleman in knickerbocker go through the motion of a cast . close shot . allenby dutifully perform the motion as decreed there . he seem totally absorb . allenby ( murmure ) I be go to take this up after the war ... | : . 382 Il - 110 continue brighton ( burst out ) surely we should do something , sir ? dryden look up at he over he spectacle , but allenby ignore it totally , murmure : allenby it 's a old man 's sport ... dryden ( with dry and admire mockery ) be you a old man , sir ? allenby ( absently , eye on the diagram ) mm ..7 . brighton ( hotly ) well all I can say be , sir -- it 's a heavy responsibility : allenby direct a look of venomous resentment at he . brighton ( awkwardly ) sorry , sir ... the light go off , put they in moonlight and show we the moon beyond one of the window . we see that the torpor of dryden and allenby be more apparent than real , and allenby have laid down he rod before brighton have fully register what 's happen . allenby it may be the bulb . dryden click the switch of a read lamp off and on . dryden no , sir , it 's the power . ys as he be say this we hear the jingle and thud of horseman under the window . they go quickly onto the balcony and look down . — '' ~ 383 nf oo oo ; a 384 'o medium shot angling down . a caravan of mix horse and camel rider , veile , silent , inscrutable , they lead laden animal at they side . dryden ( a excited whisper ) they be leave sir . allenby that 's it then . marvellous look beggar , be not they ? ( he look down intently , curiously regretful ) cuT - 111 town hall interior . the room be light by many candle , some in lovely candelabra , some in saucer ; the table be litter with coffee cup . sheik be asleep . auda sit opposite lawrence . both table and floor be litter with papers . ali and lawrence sit where they do before . lawrence be write and auda the old i watch he with displeasure . suddenly he hand descend upon the paper . leave it , auren ! lawrence make no attempt to retrieve the paper . auda auda blankly and mildly : lawrence come where ? auda ( with a jerk of the head ) back ... I know you heart . come with meet he look at , lawrence gently extract the paper and apparently return he attention to it . what be it ? auda watch as before . auda be it this ? 384 385 - 386 387 388 tt-112 continue he contemptuously indicate the room with its litter paper . : auda ( cont ) I tell you this be nothing . lawrence go on write . he be very move . auda rise and walk down the room to the door , pass ali who be all ear but do not move anerve . at the door , auda pause . auda - be it ... the blood ? close shot . lawrence . auda continue on SOUND track , warm , confident , comforting . I tell you the desert have dry up more blood than you could think of . close shot . lawrence . auda in background . lawrence show no facial emotion . deadpan , he raise one hand and say with deliberate formality : lawrence I pray I may never see the desert again . hear I God . auda well will you come ... extreme close shot . lawrence . on SOUND track auda say : ... there be only the desert for you . on SOUND track we hear the door open and shut . immediately lawrence raise he head and see ali look at he down the table . he go back to he work for a space , then : lawrence what about you , Ali ? close shot . lawrence . ali in background . ali no , I shall stay here . and learn politics . lawrence hesitates , stop write , but do not look up . 388 389 390 391 392 t-113 continue lawrence that 's a very low occupation . ali I have not think of it when I meet you . close shot . ali rise not purposely but compel , and find himself on he foot , know he be make a farewell . he hesitates , glance down the table at he friend . long shot . from ali' point of view . lawrence be seemingly absorb in paper . ali ( half resentful , almost accuse ) you have try very hard to give we Damascus ? after a pause to control himself , lawrence say mildly : lawrence it 's what I come for . reverse shot from he viewpoint . ali by the door . lawrence and then . ( ali turn quickly ) .+. it would be something ... ? it be a naked appeal . ali yes . ( he try for a smile ) much . lawrence half - smile back , but as they raise they hand it be as when the ship be already too far fromthe shore and friend know the parting already complete , and themselves already stranger . ali go through the door . medium shot . down the corridor which he have enter . it be light only by moonlight which pour through the arch window which punctuate one wall , this wall end with a open archway through which the moonlight also prur . the corridor be thus in alternate ° J C ) t-114 392 continue band of silver light and grey shadow . from one of this shadow a man step silently and grasp he by the arm . he instinctively recoil but find himself grip . auda ( after a moment 's silence : accuse ) he be you friend ? at this , ali immediately set off down the corridor , he face avert . ali take you - hand away . auda ( ignoring this ) you love he . ali no , I fear he . auda 's face be angle so that we can see it ; ali 's face be in the shadow of he headcloth save for bright light on he eye . auda peer a little . auda then why do you weep ? this be say certainly not as a sneer , and certainly not with womanish sympathy , but as man speak of weep naturally whose virility be far beyond question . there be a moment or two of silence before ali can reply . ali : if I fear he ... who love he ... how must he fear himself , who hate himself ? ( suddenly all the emotion come pour through and ali shout furiously ) take you hand away ... ali wrench himself free with a cat-like bound , simultaneously draw he dagger which ( close shot ) carve a bright arc in the gloom . --» howeitat ! 392 393 394 395 396 w-115 continue auda have make the minimum necessary movement to avoid the blow , instinctively , and now regards ali , unruffled and even pleased . he be lean one hand against the wall . auda ( grin ) ' o-h-h - . you be not entirely politician . ali be sheathing he knife , but look up at this and say , determinedly : ali not yet . they have come to a open archway . CUT to the courtyard . ali be crossing it diagonally towards a far corner where among the shadow be another archway . close shot . auda , he face turn up to the moon and star . auda well this be new trick ... ( complacently ) and I be a old dog . he stretch luxuriously and breathes in the open air . auda Allah be thank . he lower he head and watch ali , who be enter the shadow , and call : I tell thee what though ... ! reverse shot . ali in the shadow turn back towards auda . auda be call under the star : auda be a " arab " , will be thornier than you suppose --- harith ! dissolve extreme close shot . the indignant face of british colonel . glare straight into camera . a , '' uu ie . a ) 396 397 398 . : ii - 116 continue colonel in all my year as a Medical Officer , I have never see anything like it ! medium shot . allenby confront he . he have just rise from bed and be wrapping on he dress gown . we see that he expect immediate action . it be broad morning . allenby it come within the jurisdiction of the arab Council . colonel I be sorry , sir . under the circumstance I think I must take over immediately . allenby - ( almost automatically ) under any circumstance at all you must _obey you order . colonel no , sir , I will not ! allenby ( not angere by the insubordination , irritate by the excess emotion 's . contemptuously ) Control yourself . ( then ) now , go over to the town Hall and see what they say . CUT to extreme close shot . lawrence look straight up into camera , and the CUT so time that he appear to be speak in response to allenby 's line . lawrence ( totally exhaust , quite simple ) I have forget . colonel have you indeed ! - ie ly ' mo > ! 399 CO 400 ic 401 w-117 continue lawrence ( as one who offer useless exculpation ) we do what we could in the civic hospital ... colonel but you " forget " the turkish military Hospital ! lawrence ( fearfully ) be there many ? yes . colonel it have six hundred bed . there be about two thousand turkish wounded init . all of whom be the responsibility of you precious arab Council ; and many of whom be you responsibility inmore way than that , I understand : lawrence ( can not look at he ) yes . sad music begin , and he rise . then , as one who fear the answer to he question , he ask : . . what 's it like ? cur medium long shot . music continuing . the courtyard of the turkish military Hospital . the bed be overflow into the courtyard . here and there tarpaulin awning have be rig , but one of this , over the hospital entrance , have come loose at one corner and flap heavily and slowly with a soft insidious sound . reverse shot . and the horrible buzzing of fly . courtyard at the far side . from under this flap awning . we hear it lawrence have enter the close tracking shot : move with lawrence among the patient . some be dead . they be unwash , they bandage be blood cake , dirty dressing and enamel container lie strewn . ( but the camera must not linger on any one thing ; we must see it all pass ; we want to establish a faci , not assault the emotion ) . bn , 402 403 404 405 406 407 408 if - 118 medium shot . have track with lawrence to the awning and the entrance , we pause with he . voice croak " Water " ... " Water " + ++ monotonously . the turkish word be use so that we do not understand it , until lawrence , come to , snatch up a enamel water jug and dart into the hospital . close tracking shot . he search frantically down a corridor , also litter with patient , catch glimpsis inside ward of they content . he come to a dispensary and dart in . frantically , he turn atap . the music rise hopefully . extreme close shot . the tap . no water be init . music die away to silence . close shot . he put down the jug . he lean back against the dispensary shelf . his wander eye light upon a broom . he pick it up , and as he do so , we hear car draw up , door slamm and crisp voice shouting instruction . medium long shot . the courtyard . Army ambulance be draw up and draw up . medical officer , nursing sister and orderlies be fan out between the bed . stretcher be be unload . already we can see six doctor , a dozen sister and a score of orderlies . they be clean , starch and competent . it be like a vision of heaven . medium long shot . angling down a ward . lawrence in foreground , be studiously sweeping between the bunk . a moustach and very military m.o. attend by two orderlies march up the long ward . he stop at lawrence . he be the Captain of the prep . School , the Chairman of the golf Club . his face be crimson . he be enormous and fleshy . medical officer this be ... be ... outrageous ! ( he be enjoy it ) outrageous ! outrageous ! ( he come up to lawrence ) outrageous ! close shot . lawrence . the pale ghost of he old mockery haunt he feature once again . he begin to laugh . the medical officer stare incredulously , then deal he such a full - armed smack across he face as fling he from . he foot against the wall . medical officer ( carelessly , as he stride out ) filthy little wog . 409 410 411 ti-119 close shot . lawrence crouch against the wall continue to laugh . ( and let there be no mistake , but that it be laughter , though it may remind one of tear . the only thing no audience could possibly accept from this strange man ~ particularly at this point -- be acy pity . which would also quite ruinously " explain " he state of mind ) quick dissolve close shot . feisal in all the panoply of a Arabian King , be speak , melodiously , persuasively , gently and humorously .. as he speak , camera draw away to reveal that he be in allenby 's great room in Damascus . this be he prestige room , not he . work office ; polished furniture , royal portrait , the full treatment . allenby be seat at a enormous and useless desk . behind and to one side of he dryden be seat , regard he clasped hand ; behind again , brighton stand , look as be allenby , towards the object of feisal 's discourse whom we cannot yet see . feisal : my friend lawrence , if I may call he that -- " my friend lawrence " -- how many man will claim the right to use that phrase , how proudly ! he long for the greenness of he native land . he pine for the gothic cottage of -- " Surrey " =~ be it not ? ( he smile a little at ' he own pretention to be familiar with all that ) already in imagination he catch trout and ... all the activity of the English gentleman . medium close shot . lawrence look silently back at he without judgment , without even distaste , almost as though he have only just meet he . now and henceforth 90 % of lawrence 's energy be take in merely sustain the burden of he own nature , leave only 10 % for dealing with the outer world . he listen carefully and politely to everything , and react to nothing . and this be not a posture , but a necessary economy to which he be commit . any suggestion of attitudese would be very distasteful at this point . he be indeed con - cern not to be any kind of nuisance . it be simply that attention and elementary good manners be all that he can possibly manage . allenby cough uncomfortably in the silence . allenby that 's I you be describe , sir , not Colonel lawrence ... L oo ] ' Il - 120 411 . continue allenby ( cont ) ( roughly , look up at lawrence and quickly down again ) you be promote Colonel , lawrence yes . what for ? ( he ask the question with polite interest not aggressively ) feisal ( quickly ) take the honour , Colonel . be a little kind . allenby ( roughly ) as a Colonel you will have a cabin to yourself on the boat home . lawrence ( a flicker of real interest ) then thank you . there be another awkward pause . allenby align some papers . then he force himself to look at lawrence , chin out and say ruthlessly : allenby well then ... " God speed " . feisal cut in with quick persuasion . feisal there be nothing further for a warrior here. ( unreal self - deprecation ) we drive bargain . lawrence look at he , without anger , without condemnation , without comment of any kind . feisal be touch with the desire to comfort , and add more sincerely : Old man 's work . Young man make war ~~ and virtue of war be the virtue of young man ~- courage and hope for the future . and then old man i 411 os 412 i-121 continue feisal ( cont ) make the peace , and the vice of peace be the vice of old man -- mistrust and caution . ( gently ) it must be so . lawrence simply get up . he pause momentarily wonder what to do with he cap , or what to say that will get he out of the room . quietly , the other have rise also . tongue-ty . he go to the door and be awkwardly half way through it when he be arrest by : feisal ( in a different voice , low and quick , not look at he ) what I owe you be beyond evaluation . lawrence complete the close of the door . close shot . brighton look after he , concerned . concerned for the man , concerned that no more have be make of the occasion . on SOUND track we hear 'a clear of throat and scraping of chair as the other reseat themselves . feisal the power House , the telephone Exchange , this I concede . the pump Plant I must retain . brighton look at he , horrify and indignant . they face one another across the desk like a pair of bargain peasant . allenby if you retain the pump Plant there will be no water , sir . feisal I shall be glad of any technical assistance . allenby in fairness then , you must bring down you flag ! feisal I shall not bring down my flag . and if you man attempt it , my man will resist it . TI - 122 412 continue p — - allenby have you any man , sir . feisal enough for that . it be the kind of thing S that make a very ugly incident . iam sure you government do not wish to . appear at the peace Conference in the light of a aggressor . it be widely know ) the arab Council take power in my name . '® allenby | ( impatiently ) they have no power , sir . it 's illusory ! feisal oe illusion can be very powerful . particularly when they take this form . he rise and let drop a pile of newspaper on allenby 's desk . os 413 extreme close shot . the newspaper . they be in oo several language . the top one be the " Chicago Daily courier " and there be a reproduction of the photograph take by bentley after the blood -bath . on SOUND track : feisal G ( on SOUND track ) ' the world be delighted with the picture of Damascus liberated by the arab Army . 414 closeshot . allenby '' allenby led , may I remind you , by a british serve Officer ! _ feisal C ( a small smile ) : ah yes . but then auren be a sword with two edge . we be equally glad to be rid of he be we not ? allenby ~~ , ( between admiration I '' and disgust ) el I think I be a hard man . 414 @ soon VA tf-123 continue feisal you be merely a General . I must be a King . he speak with a archaic dignity which put several century between they . but close shot brighton . indignantly , he ram he hat on he head , salute , say : brighton ' scuse I , sir ... and stride from the room without wait for permission , after lawrence . allenby look after he rather wryly , then , he guilt cause he to anticipate a attack , he half turn he head towards dryden and bark almost snarl , aggressively : allenby well ? dryden in fact be examine he finger as before , but at this , he too fire and out of he guilt , say with bitter brightness : dryden well it seem we be to have a british Water Works , with a arab flag on it . ( to both ) D 'you ' think it be worth it ? allenby not my business . thank God , I 'ma soldier . dryden ( murmure ) yes , sir : so you keep say . feisal ( to dryden ) you , I suspect , be chief architect of this ... ( he choose the word delicately ) compromise . what do you think ? dryden I , you highness ? on the whole , I wish I would stay in tunbridge Wells . CUT — 415 i { ) \n ? 416 of ; | | 417 i for ey ii-124 lawrence be crossing the Officer 's Lounge in the Damascus headquarters . a few officer sit about , mostly read papers . lawrence absently put on he cap , and hastily take it off again . close shot . the red-face medical officer spring from he chair as lawrence walk past he . ' medical officer I say ! lawrence turn and flinch when he see who itis . the medical officer advance on he . medical officer it 's Colonel lawrence , be not it ? lawrence nod . well may I shake you hand , sir ? he do so , chuckle apologetically , without help from lawrence . ' then he step back at attention , and say with manly fervour : medical officer just want to be able to say I have do it , sir . lawrence be go , and then turn back to say , not lightly , but | with deep and serious curiosity : lawrence have not . we meet before ? medical officer grown ) _ De not think so , sir ... ( smile confidently ) no , sir , I should have remember that . curt rm medium shot angling up a flight of narrow stair . brighton appear quickly at the head of they and descend two at a time . he push open a pair of double door and walk rapidly through a office . he appear through a door into a little courtyard , run across | it and in through another door . he appear in the officer 's Lounge walk swiftly through it in the same direction as that take by lawrence . he run through the icbby on to the step . 418 419 420 421 422 1-125 close shot . he look eagerly up and down the drive . the eagerness die away from he face ; he look crestfallen , disappointed , downright gloomy . cuT the road from Damascus in the after- glow of sunset . it be a level desert . camera be in rear of a travel staff car . in the front be the driver and lawrence . there be no sound but the wind and the engine . a Army lorry pass we in the opposite direction ; then the staff car must slow down for a file of bedouin on camel go in the same direction . close shot . lawrence . he stand and peer up hopefully into they face as the car crawl past . medium tracking shot . p.o.v. lawrence . they face . they show no sign of recognition . we hear the car accelerate , and accelerate , we leave they behind in we dust . close tracking shot . the driver and , obscure by he so that in this last moment he be hide , lawrence . , ee driver well , sir , go home ! the car purr onwards . lawrence . 4 ( realise that he have be address ) mm? driver Home , sir ! : lawrence do not answer by word or expression . the level desert swing endlessly past we . a second Army lorry approach and swing past we , full of tommy sing a music-hail ditty of the period . ( ' Goodbye dolly , I must leave you ... ) the sound of they sing disappear swiftly behind we and immediately a Army dispatch Rider on a motor bicycle pass in the same direction . we glimpse the rider and the screen be envelop in the dust which he machine throw upwards . the end