learning to drive by Sarah kernochan revised 08/04/13 time : present day , month of May . place : New York City . ext . drive test site —- late afternoon a small economy car proceed down the street . driving around a kiddy park and public swim pool with kid in the background . the placard mount on top say " windsor drive school . " we hear a man 's voice , with a soft East indian accent . man ( 0.s. ) make a leave . ext . drive test site —- student car —- late afternoon angle on signal lever - a boy' hand push it down . steering wheel - boy ' hand turn it counterclockwise . man ( 0.s. ) slow down . execute a three - point turn . the car stop , make a careful U - turn . Pov through windshield - approach a line of park car . a man 's finger enter frame , point to a empty space . man ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) Park there . the car slide expertly into the space . passenger Pov - door open , we see the distance to the curb : six inch . perfect . new angle - now we see the car 's occupant . at the wheel , a 16 - year - old boy who look 12 . beside he : a sikh man , still handsome in he mid - 50' , full beard and sky - blue turban . he hold himself erect and formal , wear a freshly irone shirt and tie . he would seem severe if not for he great warm , brown eye . this be darwan singh . darwan Mr. yampolsky , you have follow all the rule . you will pass you test tomorrow , I be sure of it . the boy drum on the wheel , mime dance in he seat . ( continued ) 8/21/13 2. continued : darwan ( cont would ) ( gentle but firm ) and after you get you license , I suspect you will buy the biggest , fastest car ... and throw all the rule out the window . ( boy grin ) it 's not a joke . remember , drive be a freedom . I wish you to enjoy every kind of freedom , as long you do not hurt someone . so follow the rule . will you promise I ? boy okay , Mr. Singh . ext . windsor drive school - later —- magic hour darwan park the student car alongside other like it , behind the Windsor School storefront . he get out , drop the key in a lock box . int . windsor drive school - minute later — magic hour angle on tv screen we be watch a drive instruction film make in the 60' . a man ( harold smith ) drive a wide convertible down a boulevard in l.a . he review the five principle of safe drive as they flash across the screen : harold smith one : aim High in steering . two : get the Big picture . Three : keep you eye move . another angle - we be in a small classroom , where darwan 's boss be teach driver ed. watch the film be a housewife , a couple of teenager , two immigrant men . darwan stick he head in the room . his boss come to the rear of the classroom where he hand darwan he paycheck . harold smith ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) four : leave yourself a out. five : make sure they see you. 8/21/13 3 . ext . taxi company - later — night taxi driver gas up they cab at a pump beside the garage . darwan take over a cab from another driver end he shift . ext . taxi - a little later — night darwan stand outside of he cab , finish he supper of fritter and puffed bread from a indian deli . a radio station play indian pop music . a khanda , a sikh talisman , hang from the rear view mirror . angle on he id card mount on the plexiglass barrier behind he head . we see he photo and the name " singh , darwan . " wide exterior - darwan 's cab be park near the entrance to the queensborough bridge where he can see the always -— spectacular night skyline of manhattan . the " on duty " sign on top of darwan 's cab light up . he pull the taxi out and join the line of car inching up to the bridge . Close in on the cab rooftop sign go on and off continuously , drive around the city . ( as if pick up and drop off passenger . until ... ext . STREET , east side - later — night man tear out of a upscale restaurant , he arm up . darwan stop . the man ( ted ) jump in the back , slamming the door . int . taxi — continuous - night man Hudson and Jane ! Quick ! darwan throw the meter , touch he foot to the accelerator -- when the rear door fling OPEN again . a woman ( wendy ) hurl herself onto the seat next to ted. both be in they 40' . wendy how dare you run out on I ! ted you throw a bottle at I . ( continued ) 8/21/13 4 . continued : darwan drive on , check he rear mirror nervously . the woman 's face be contort with anger ; the man be stoic . wendy brilliant maneuver ! inform I we marriage be over , in a public restaurant , so I can not make a scene -- and you think that would work ?! I wish my aim be better , you bastard --- her arm swoops out to hit he ; he catch she wrist , throw she back . darwan try to distract they , to defuse the firework . darwan Excuse I , you say Hudson and Jane Street ? ted yes . wendy ( to Ted ) be that where she life ? you cocksucker ! ted I be not go home with you . the woman 's fury give way to tear . wendy why ? why ? you can not just -- twenty - one year , Ted ! how long have you be lie to I ? ted I do not lie . wendy no , you just do not say anything , so how could I possibly know anything be wrong , and now you blindside I -- Ted turn to she , he voice thick with rage , shaking he finger in she face . ted blindside ?! when do you ever notice anything , Wendy ? ( more ) ( continued ) 8/21/13 5 . continued : ( 2 ) ted ( cont would ) on that rare occasion when you look up from you book or you fuck computer , you look right through I ! I feel like a ghost ! wendy well , I be see through you now and you be a prick ! ( more sob ; then : ) what be she , one of you student ? he look out the window , ignore she . wendy ( cont would ) that 's as good as a yes . Bet you " supervise she oral " ! Bet she be on she knee for that ! God damn you -- she swing again , and whop ! connect this time with he eye . he let out a yelp , push she away , fend off she blow . darwan' eye widen in the rear mirror , watch they struggle . Ted break away , shouting to the driver : ted pull over ! let I out here ! as the cab slow , Wendy cling to Ted . wendy please ! Ted ! come home , we will talk -- ted it will not do any good . wendy I do not understand -- why ? why ? the taxi stop near the curb . Ted be out the door , slamming it firmly . he thrust cash at darwan through the window . ted take she to 600 West 98th . Wendy throw open the door again to follow he . Ted push it close , block it with he body as he call to darwan : ( continued ) 10 11 8/21/13 6 . continued : ( 3 ) 8 ted ( cont would ) go! go ! darwan pull the taxi away quickly . the momentum bounce she back on the cushion , where she let out a long , wounded wail . darwan maintain a pain silence as he drive the woman home . he glance now and then in the rear mirror to see she crumpled up and sobbing without restraint . ext . wendy'' house - later - night 9 darwan pull up in front of a narrow three - story brownstone . darwan we be here . number six hundred . Wendy stuff a twenty in he tray and get out . her face be obscure but he can tell she 's cry . as she stumble to she door , darwan jump out with the money . darwan ( cont would ) no , please . he pay I already -- but Wendy be already inside , and the door slam shut . int . front hall - wendy'' house —- continuous - night 10 Wendy flick on the light and stand numbly in the hall . we get a better look at she . fierce eye in a soft , vulnerable face . attractive but careless about she look . the hallway be line with bookcase . pile of messenger book and mail be on the hall table , and a bowl full of key and coin . see through a open door , the live room be full of dusty danish - modern furniture , and like the hall be cluttere with book , on shelf and on every surface . Wendy 's eye fall to the two tennis racquet lean against the wall . they lift to the frame photo of she with Ted , a little girl ( tasha ) between they , laugh on top of some mountain . she shake she head in mute disbelief . she walk mechanically to the coat closet . removing she jacket , she hang it up , then pause at the sight of the empty hanger for he coat . int . wendy'' bedroom - minute later - night 11 she open the door , step in , and stare at the bed . ( continued ) 11 12 13 14 8/21/13 7 . continued : 11 wendy'' Pov ( fantasy ) - Ted lounge in bed , wear a old t- shirt , grade test papers . he do not look up . running water o.s.... we pan to the OPEN bathroom door . Ted 's in there , he back to she , bare butt peek from under the tear t-shirt , brush he tooth , the faucet run .... footstep behind her o.s . wendy turn toward the sound , in the doorway . wendy'' Pov - Ted 's go downstairs , into the darkness ... a beat ... the front door close with a loud report -- -- shatter she fantasy . she start to hyperventilate , gasp for breath . then she rush past the empty bed , into the empty bathroom . we hear she vomiting into the toilet . ext . taxi company - later — pre -dawn 12 back in queen , darwan return the taxi . he remove he belonging , and check the rear seat . he see a padd envelope on the floor . one of he passenger must have leave something . there be no name on the outside of the envelope . the flap be open . he slip he hand in and pull out a new hardcover book . a letter be clipped to the dustcover . we skim down the letter as he read . the letterhead be a book publisher , address to a wendy shield , the New Yorker , " enclose be a copy of beatitude for you review .... " and a editor 's sticky note on top read : " Messenger to 600 West 98 st . " omitted 13 ext . STREET , richmond hill —- later — early a.m. 14 the envelope tuck under he arm , darwan walk wearily up a residential street ; past small , drab one - family home build in the 30' . only a few other people be on the street this early , all bearded men in turban like darwan , jacket over long shirt : this be the punjabi sikh neighborhood in queen . darwan enter the basement apartment of a two -story clapboard house , unpaint in a decade . 15 8/21/13 8. int . basement apartment —- minute later — early a.m. 15 we track with darwan through the one-bedroom apartment . he pass the open bathroom door where a sikh man , barechest from he shower , wind he turban around he long hair which be knotted on top of he head . darwan glance inside a tiny bedroom , where another sikh man be asleep in the one bed . darwan 's 23 - year-old nephew preet , dress in construction clothes , be roll up he mattress on the floor . darwan ( whisper ) preet . the boy do not hear at first , he ear block by the earbud from the ipod in he pocket . darwan ( cont would ) preet ! preet look up , smile sheepishly as he pull out the earbud . he join darwan in the hallway . preet hey . I get another job . Big renovation , four week — darwan ( interrupt ; be : ipod ) where do you get that ? preet I pay for it . darwan preet , you must save you money . preet ( grin ) uncle D , no . I must have music . darwan and turn that around . darwan be refer to preet 's head wrap which be knotted in the back gangsta-style . darwan ( cont would ) if you can not wear it properly , then put on the dastaar . [ turban ] ( continued ) 15 8/21/13 9 . continued : 15 preet wag he finger playfully under darwan 's nose . preet uncle D , it 's past you bedtime . darwan have to smile . he rap he knuckle on preet 's head and let he go . as preet exit for work , darwan proceed into the live room , where a third sikh man be rise from he bed on the couch . too tired to talk , darwan nod at he , take he place on the couch while the other man pad , yawn , to the bathroom . darwan place the padd envelope carefully on the tea table , then burrow under the blanket . darwan then start unravel he turban . ( continued ) 15 16a 8/21/13 10 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 int . NPR radio studio — day 16 a a engineer make last minute adjustment to lavalier mic on a public radio host ( 50' ) and he three guest : howard ( 70 ) , rose ( 55 ) and wendy , all seat at a round table . Wendy have make a attempt to pull herself together , but she seem harry and unfocuss . self -medication : a very tall takeout container of coffee she 's down . the engineer exit to the glass control booth . Rose lean over to whisper to Wendy . rose I hear about you and Ted . I be really sorry . wendy ( recoil ) you hear what , exactly ? rose ( on the spot ) well - that you - wendy we be just take a breather , for God 's sake . engineer ( 0.s. ) ( over squawkbox ) standby . the engineer signal the host to begin . host join I for today 's topic " be Critic necessary ? " be three columnist from the New Yorker : film critic Howard mintz , art critic Rose belknap , and Wendy shield , who review book . let 's start with Wendy . no child dream of become a literary critic , so what lead you to it ? wendy I want anything to do with word . I grow up in a house that be far from peaceful , and book just ... ( more ) ( continued ) 16a 16b 8/21/13 10a . continued : 16a wendy ( cont would ) float I away . it 's part of my job to read bad book , too , but the great one still carry I off . host what current author do you enjoy review ? wendy well , Martin amis , Toni morrison , uh ... delia krauss - suddenly the other guest go tense , exchange alarmed glance ; Rose look dumbfounded . wendy ( cont ’d ) ( cont have ) - I especially love she short storey . the magazine publish most of they - Wendy notice the other 's reaction . she laugh uncertainly . wendy ( cont ’d ) ( cont have ) what , nobody like delia krauss ? int . elevator bank —- later — day 16b angle on wendy and rose wait for the elevator , back to camera . wendy Dee Dee krauss ?! that whore ?! rose we think you know . wendy I think it be one of Ted 's student . now I get it . she be writer -in- residence last year . ( fake-laughing ) she plow through half the faculty . we all say deedee krauss would fuck gravel . rose maybe it will not last . he ’1ll come back . ( continued ) 16 B 17 18 8/21/13 10b . continued : 16b wendy remind I to change the lock . God , every time I open up the magazine I be go to see she name - ding : a elevator arrive . Rose leave frame to catch it . rose ( over she shoulder ) be you head to the office ? angle on wendy - she do not respond for a half - beat , roote to the spot , as the shock enter she heart . wendy ( distantly ) no , I be go to work at home ... for a while ... int . study - wendy'' house - day 17 Wendy sit in a easy chair , humped over a book , rapidly read and make note . there be stack of review book everywhere . it 's dark and hermetic ; she computer screen glow on the desk , amid coffee-staine mug , plate with food crumb . girl voice ( 0.s. ) Mom ? Wendy look up . int . front hall - wendy'' house - second later - day 18 Wendy come down the stair . her daughter ( tasha , 19 ) stand at the bottom , have just let herself in . wendy tasha ! tasha hi , Mom . Wendy embrace she daughter . ( continued ) 18 19 8/21/13 11 . continued : 18 wendy I do not expect you so early , sweetheart . tasha have you get any quarter ? I have to feed the meter . Wendy dig in the bowl on the hall table for change . wendy you must have have a long drive . tasha five hour . fantastic weather . I listen to vampire weekend the whole way . wendy ( give she quarter ) ugh , not one of that stupid paranormal book . tasha ( laugh ) it 's a band . you be such a ditz . int . kitchen , wendy'' house - later —- day 19 the counter be cluttere with takeout carton and dirty dish . as she daughter chatter , Wendy wash out two mug while the water kettle heat up . tasha they do not use any chemical spray or fertilizer . I love be up in the tractor , I love the air and the smell , I love dirt . grow up in the city I always think dirt be , like , grime . but they dirt be alive , you know , it 's rich , it 's nourishing -- I just want to eat it . wendy nostalgie de boue , be what the french say . tasha ( roll she eye ) whatever . I want to skip the fall semester so I can stay for harvest . ( continued ) 19 8/21/13 12 . continued : 19 wendy do you ask you father ? the question hang there . the kettle whistle . Wendy make no move , as if she do not hear it . finally tasha turn off the fire . the whistle die . tasha pour water in the mug . tasha he say to ask you . wendy stands to reason , see I be the one pay you tuition . well , do as you like . vermont suit you . you look dangerously healthy . tasha Mom , come stay with I . they will put you up on the farm . it 's a great place to write . wendy the train 's clear over on the other side of the state , and I can not very well drive up without a license . tasha so get one ! wendy tasha , please let 's not get into that , not again , not now . tasha but do not you want to get away ? there 's so many memory in this house -- tasha 's voice catch . her eye fill up with tear . wendy baby ... Wendy put she arm around she daughter , stroking she back . wendy ( cont would ) why be you cry ? tasha when I think of you and dad not together , it 's so sad . and you be here all alone -- ( continued ) 19 20 8/21/13 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 19 wendy but I be fine . tasha sniff back tear . Wendy absently hand she a crumpled napkin with trace of duck sauce from the table . tasha ( push it away ) eew . wendy please do not be so upset . tasha I think you would be upset . Wendy set a tray as she breezily dismiss tasha 's concern . wendy we have weathered this before . every seven year , the itch come over he . he get restless , do something juvenile . so , at twenty - one year , we be on we third itch . or it 's male menopause . instead of buy a a motorcycle , daddy decide to give adultery a spin . as she head into the live room with the tray : wendy ( cont would ) tell you what , when he come home , we will drive up to visit you . int . live room , wendy'' house - continuous - day 20 the live room be as dark as the study , the couch cover with newspaper , the coffee table with unopen mail and dirty plate . arranging the tray on the table , Wendy sit , but tasha remain stand . tasha Mom ... dad 's not come home . wendy look around . he do not take he book . what do that tell you ? tasha he say he file for a separation already . ( continued ) 20 continued : 8/21/13 14 . 20 Wendy cover she shock by pour tea . wendy and he use you to deliver that message ? Nice of he to manipulate you . she sip she tea but it burn she tongue . she bang she mug down and erupt . beat . wendy ( cont would ) I hope she know she will have to pay for he keep . because he be a loser . in twenty year he could not get tenure . how anyone besides I could consider he romantic material be stupefying . tasha so you be upset . wendy no I be not . I be disgust . wendy ( cont would ) you be stay for dinner ? tasha actually , I say I would eat with dad . wendy ( fury rise again ) so this be just a visit . you be pop by to see if Mom 's a basket case ? and then run that message back to he ? thanks . you can go now . Wendy get off the couch , stride to the door . tasha Mom -- ? wendy I mean it . I have work to do . tasha I just get here -- ( continued ) 20 21 21a 22 23 8/21/13 15 . continued : ( 2 ) wendy ( exit ) leave I alone . tasha be leave stare in disbelief . 0.s. Wendy 's study door slam . int . study - wendy'' house - second later — day Wendy heave back in she armchair , snap open a book . then she hear the front door close o.s. tasha have leave . Wendy 's pride deflate : she let the book slide to the floor , and cover she face in she hand . int . int . wendy'' bedroom — another day still in she bathrobe , Wendy be face down on the bedcover , pass out . there be open wine bottle and a smudged glass on the night table . the doorbell ring 0.s. : ding -dong . int . front hall —- minute later — day Hair matte , bathrobe askew , Wendy open the door . she peer blearily at the solemn bearded man in a scarlet turban on she doorstep . he hand she a padded envelope . darwan you leave this in my cab . wendy oh. okay . just a minute . she put the envelope on the pile of book on the table , and bring the change bowl to the door , scoop a handful of change to give to he . she stop , see he look of dismay . wendy ( cont would ) what be I do ? that 's pathetic . ( replace bowl ) let I get you some real money . darwan I do not want anything . I like to help . ( continued ) 20 21 21a 22 23 23 24 25 26 8/21/13 16 . continued : 23 wendy ( laugh mirthlessly ) you like to help ? that 's impossible . you can not be from New York . darwan yes , I be . from queen . wendy that 's not New York . but you be very nice , and I thank you . be you sure I can not give you something ? he shake he head , bow slightly , he palm together . then he turn , head back to the car double - park in front of she house . more awake now , she focuss for the first time on the placard mount on he car : " windsor drive school . " ext . student car — continuous - day 24 he buckle he seat belt and start the car . suddenly , she 's there at the window . he roll it down . wendy do you have a card ? int . wendy'' bedroom - night 25 Wendy talk on the phone to tasha . she have darwan' card in she hand . wendy baby , I be sorry for what I say . you be right , I need a change of scenery . so guess what ? I be go to get my license , buy a car , and drive up to see you , sweetie . and we will eat some dirt together , ok ? int . basement apartment -— night 26 darwan sit alongside preet and two of he roommate on the couch , watch a cricket game on tv . the third roommate iron he shirt on the table . they might be a bunch of guy watch the Super bowl , but instead of baseball cap they wear the sikh at -home headcover , a simple dew - rag knotted on top ; ( continued ) 26 8/21/13 16a . continued : instead of nacho and beer they nurse glass of strong sweet tea , snack from a bowl of dry chickpea . ( continued ) 26 26 27 28 29 30 31 8/21/13 17 . continued : ( 2 ) 26 and the atmosphere be not so convivial : they be four man without woman , and far from home . ext . temple ( gurdwara ) —- later — morning 27 darwan enter the temple . int . temple ( gurdwara ) - continuous - morning 28 he remove he shoe , insert they in a cubbyhole . other sikh worshipper be do the same . he follow they into : int . prayer room , gurdwara —- continuous - morning 29 this be a long , carpete room . men in turban and women with scarve sit on the floor meditate , praying , or listen to the musician singing verse from the Holy Book ( granth sahib ) which lie open on a low platform next to they . a worshipper sit before the Book , read its punjabi text ; another flick a horse-hair switch above he ( traditionally , to ward off fly and dust ) . darwan approach the book with palm together ( namaste ) , kneel and bow . the worshipper rise and take he turn with the switch , while darwan sit before the Book and read ... we hear the sound of the music play . we also see kid age six or seven seat in a a spacious room take a tabla class with a Old tabla teacher . int . communal room , gurdwara - minute later -— morning 30 darwan share tea , food and chat with other worshipper ( eat communally be traditional follow prayer ) . i/ e_ student car - later - day 31 darwan be drive along a park in queen . he glance at a korean couple pose for wedding picture before a fountain . his cell ring . he pull over to take the call . darwan ( into phone ) okay ... I have no one at three ... ( continued ) 31 32 33 8/21/13 18 . continued : 31 he open he assignment book , start write . darwan ( cont would ) Manhattan ?... while the person on the other end talk , he watch the Korean couple change pose , beam for the camera . he snap back to the phone call when he hear a name : darwan ( cont would ) Wendy shield ? oh , yes . ext . wendy'' house — day 32 darwan wait at the front door , he ear to the intercom . a blast of static , then Wendy 's voice : wendy ( intercom filter ) who be it ? darwan darwan Singh . for you drive lesson , please . wendy oh my God ... intercom buzy he in . int . front hall - wendy'' house - second later - day 33 darwan gaze around , note the clutter and the dust . Wendy arrive at the foot of the stair : pallid , wear black sweat this time , she read glass atop she head and tangle in she hair . wendy I completely forget . anyway I have change my mind about lesson . darwan why , if I may ask ? wendy look , I will pay you for today . I be really sorry . ( continued ) 33 34 8/21/13 19 . continued : 33 darwan do not pay I . but I will ask a small favor from you . wendy well ... of course . darwan come sit in the car . the driver 's seat . so you get use to it . wendy uh , I be in the middle of work . darwan let I do my job just a little . int . student car —- a little later — day 34 angle on key in car ignition - wendy 's hand turn it clockwise -- one click . darwan ( 0.s . ) first position turn on the electrical system . now second position ... Wendy turn the key further . the motor thrum to life . angle on mirror - rear , left side , right side . darwan ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) next , you have three mirror . rear view , leave , and right -- wendy ( interrupt ) I really do not need to learn this . my husband drive . darwan I never learn to cook because I think my mother would always be there to cook for I . she be go , and I be here , so I make my own food . wendy ( drily ) you point ? ( continued ) 34 8/21/13 20 . continued : 34 darwan ( smile ; shrug ) no point . so : check you three mirror . then turn you head to see the blind spot . on wendy - she hand be tight with tension on the wheel . darwan coaches she from the passenger seat . darwan ( cont would ) put on you leave signal . Wendy grope for the signal post and turn on the wiper instead . wendy damn . where be it ? he indicate the signal . she flick it down . darwan now turn the wheel all the way to the leave . ( she obey ) now the gas pedal . the car move forward a mere foot -- she brake suddenly . darwan ( cont would ) what 's the matter ? wendy we be move . darwan that 's good . wendy I think I do not like this . darwan ( twinkle ) well , you have to go forward now because I have not teach you how to back up . check you mirror again . turn you head ... as she turn she head , a ambulance scream past . ( continued ) 34 35 36 8/21/1321 . continued : ( 2 ) 34 wendy Jesus ! darwan nothing will happen . I be always here with the other brake . now . Press you foot -- wendy'' foot jab the accelerator . the car leap forward . darwan' foot presses he safety brake , stopping the car . darwan ( cont would ) Press the pedal gradually . down , and release . the car jerk further into the lane . darwan ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) straighten the wheel . the tire swivel straight . darwan ( cont would ) Press the pedal . gradually ... wendy'' foot press gradually down ... on the brake . darwan ( cont would ) the pedal , not the brake . the car creep forward . overhead shot - slowly the car join traffic . wendy ( 0.s. ) ( whimper ) where be I go ? darwan ( 0.s . ) for now , it 's simple : just go straight . omitted 35 ext . STREET - richmond hill - a little later —- night 36 darwan walk with preet , carry grocery . preet 's cell phone chirp . stop , preet check he message . ( continued ) 36 continued : 8/21/13 22 . 36 preet Mom send another photo . darwan look over preet 's shoulder at the screen . angle on cell screen - a candid photo of a punjabi woman , about 40 , gaze stiffly at the camera as if for a passport picture . darwan she look sour . she would complain a lot . preet every time you find something wrong . how many more year until there 's no one leave and you be still alone ? in you head , I think you be still in prison , uncle D . darwan ( roughly ) be quiet ! never speak to I like that again ! cowed , preet shut up . darwan ( cont would ) you be just a skinny scared boy when I take you in . I promise you mother to help you and now you give I cheek , and disrespect . they walk for a beat in silence . cool off , darwan manage a smile . darwan ( cont would ) you be stinky , too . smear all over with garlic paste . preet ( grin ) they tell I it would keep the rattlesnake away in the desert . darwan it 's a wonder the border guard do not smell you come . preet but it work ! 37 8/21/13 23 . i/e student car - another day 37 with darwan beside she , Wendy guide the car slowly up Broadway , where traffic be convolute and aggressive . darwan teach yourself to see everything . you eye should go from sidewalk to sidewalk , and one block ahead . a montage of image from the road ahead - lane marking , traffic light , construction barrier ... darwan ( cont would ) you see the marking on the road , the light , you read the sign ... rapid - cutting sequence of shot of sign : " quiet zone , " " one way , " " no left turn 4 pm to 7 pm , " " alternate route , " " to east side , " STREET name , sign with symbol , arrow , blocked arrow -- wendy ( 0.s. ) there 's too many to read . darwan ( 0.s. ) it come with time . Pov - passing people : a woman with stroller step off the curb ; a delivery man open he van door ; a skateboarder curve across the lane ; kide around a mister softee truck ... darwan ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) be aware of live as well as non - live thing . ( more ) ( continued ) 8/21/13 23a . 37 37 continued : darwan ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) when you see a person ahead , try to guess what they will do next ... a bicycle messenger appear out of nowhere , cut in front of the car . Wendy yelp , pump the brake . darwan ( cont would ) .-- and smoothly adjust so you can stay out of they way . the driver 's biggest problem be everyone else . you can not always trust people to behave properly . wendy ( mutter ) ai not that the truth . ( continued ) 37 8/21/1324 . continued : ( 2 ) 37 pan toward wendy'' eye , dutifully sweeping the street ahead : up , down , side to side ... wendy'' Pov - panning toward happy couple eat at sidewalk cafe , young couple kissing on the curb . a male gay couple hold hand and a old couple argue . safety brake - darwan' foot come down hard . darwan that 's a red light . Wendy snap to attention , look up : sure enough , she almost go through a red light . she joke to cover up she embarrassment . wendy be not it strange , that red have come to mean " stop " and " danger " ? it strike I that stop be when you be safe , whereas go be dangerous . darwan do not talk , Wendy . when you talk , you do not see . he point she eye up . the light be GREEN . Cars behind honk . Wendy drive on , try to stay focus . darwan ( cont would ) get in the leave lane . slow ... signal . wendy grope , find the signal this time . darwan ( cont would ) read the sign ... see everything ... wendy'' Pov - STREET ahead , panning from side to side darwan ( cont would ) stop . watch the light . wendy'' Pov - on the red traffic light , then panning down to see : ted ( fantasy ) crossing the intersection ahead with he arm around a young woman . wendy Ted ...! ( continued ) 37 8/21/1325 . continued : ( 3 ) 37 Ted and the Young woman pass from sight . then Wendy turn she head and ... ted be there beside her window , gaze at she impassively . wendy ( cont would ) do not you love I anymore ? he shake he head : no . wendy ( cont would ) but why ? how do I fail you ? what should I have do ? when he open he mouth to speak , the voice be indian - accented . ted ( darwan' voice ) pay attention ! smashcut to : Ted be go , darwan be beside she . darwan the light . he 's point up to the GREEN light . rattled , she tromp on the pedal and the car leap forward . darwan brake on he side . the car avoid hit a jaywalker with he ipod on loud . wendy oh my God ! she drop she hand to she lap helplessly with a groan of frustration ; lower she head . darwan why do not you see he ? ( beat ) be you wander ? wendy ( look up ) I be never go to be good at this . darwan every time it will get easier . now , drive on . ( continued ) 37 38 8/21/13 26 . continued : ( 4 ) 37 wendy ( in a child 's voice ) I can not . darwan take the wheel . Press the pedal . she put she hand on the wheel , then shake she head no . wendy'' Pov - the view through the windshield goe blurry , watery ... be it raining ? no , it 's : wendy'' eye filling up with tear . wendy can you drive I home ? darwan ( firm ) no . you will do it , and I will help . int . basement apartment — day 38 darwan and he nephew preet huddle around he cell phone . darwan be talk to he sister rasbir ( preet 's mother , mid - 40' ) on facetime : she be see in closeup on the phone 's screen . rasbir she 's not young but she can still have one or two child . darwan why have not she be marry ? rasbir she be engage once but the police shot she fiance , just like they do to we sameer . then she father be ill for a long time and need she at home . now he 's dead and she have nowhere to go . preet ( to darwan ) she 's perfect ! rasbir she 's the best one for you , darwan . and very nice-look . do you like the photo ? ( continued ) 38 b38 continued : 8/21/13 darwan yes , but can I talk to she and see she like we be do ? rasbir she will not come to the phone . she think you will see she 's too old . she say , " he will not like I . " preet he will not , mommy ! darwan I will think about it . rasbir , please ... take the phone to the window . show I the street , the sun , the sky , everything . rasbir ( shake she head sadly ) bahpe [ brother ] , it 's night time here . ( more ) 27-27b . ( continued ) 38 b38 38 38b 8/21/13 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 rasbir ( cont would ) ext . high line fickr pool — day 38b Wendy and she sister debbie pick up they shwarma lunch from a food truck . debbie well hallelujah , sis , it 's about time you learn to drive . wendy I be just do it for tasha , not because I need to . as they move to a pair of wooden chaise to sit and eat : wendy ( cont ’d ) ( cont have ) but you have to drive , Debbie , you be in the suburb . here I have the subway , bus , taxi ... ( they sit ) I also use to have a husband who drive . debbie ( shake she head ) ted. such a creep - but you know ? I can believe it . on my street alone we have have three divorce cause by philander . wendy ( start eat ) oh well , greenwich . debbie ( inspect the shwarma ) what I do not understand be : how can they cheat on they wife and still live with themselves ? I mean , it 's like pissing in the pool . maybe nobody see you do it , but you know the yellow 's in the water . and you have to swim around in it , pretend it 's clean . Debbie manage to give Wendy the giggle . wendy and how do they find all this slut ? be there a vend machine ? ( continued ) 38b 39 8/21/13 29a . continued : 38b debbie I call they play - doh bunny . the guy can mold they into whatever they want . teach they trick . like waking they up every morning with a blowjob . wendy ( sad again ) maybe that 's all Ted ever really want . debbie ( try a bite of the shwarma ) honestly , it 's nirvana for they . wendy ( mouth full ) then why do not we do it ? debbie it 's too much work . why do you think they call it a job ? the two break up , laugh harder and harder , try to keep they food from fly out of they mouth . int . law office - day 39 Wendy meet with she divorce attorney at a table in a empty conference room . he raise wendy he want " support " ?! attorney or a twenty - five percent share of you income . he claim he support you while you pursue you career . I know , I know -- a hand to forestall she rage ; it do not work . she pound the table with she fist . wendy this be a man who be jealous of my career ! who criticize everything I do , to undermine I ! ( continued ) 39 continued : 8/21/13 29b . attorney Wendy , it 's normal . each side ask for the outrageous , and they come together in the middle . do not take it personally . ( continued ) 39 39 40 8/21/13 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 39 wendy do not take it - ha ! ha ha ha ha ! just give he everything ! if he agree to be castrate . he wait for she to finish venting . his cell phone vibrate on the table . he glance at the id , then check he note . attorney he will let you stay in the house if you buy he out . wendy I can not possibly afford that . attorney or split fifty - fifty if you sell . wendy I have to move out ?! I be that house . it 's like ask I to move out of I . attorney maybe it 's too big now ? wendy I can not believe this . it 's where we raise tasha , where we be happy .... " her voice trail off . she realize the word " happy " be now moot . obsolete . wendy ( cont would ) okay . it 's where we be idiot , and squander we marriage , and never make love when we should have and never fight when we should have , and we read and read and read and go totally fuck blind - and I want my house ! I want to stay where I be ! ext . STREET , richmond hill - later - magic hour 40 returning to he apartment , darwan see a american man lean against a black car park in front . wait . something about he make darwan tense up instinctively . 4l 8/21/13 31 . int . outside darwan' apartment - second later —- magic hour 41 pause outside he door , darwan hear men' voice within speak English . tight on darwan - his face be suddenly bath in sweat , he breathe rag . xcu - he hand go slowly to the door knob . before he can turn it : the door bang OPEN . two of darwan 's sikh roommate emerge , escort roughly by two official - look man ( immigration agent ) . his roommate look at darwan with helpless dread as they be rush past . a third agent bring up the rear , stop short when he see darwan . agent ( flash badge to darwan ) i.n.s . who be you ? darwan I be darwan Singh . american citizen . agent let 's see you papers . with unsteady hand , darwan remove he driver 's license from he wallet . the agent examine it . agent ( cont would ) how come they let you in , darwan ? darwan political asylum . agent ( check the year ) 2000 ... you get in just under the wire . the agent brusquely hand back the license and exit . Left alone , darwan rush into the live room . his roommate ' half - finish tea stand on the table . a indian soap opera still play on the tv . the closet stand open , they content strewn on the floor , the sofa upend , indicate a forcible search of the premise . ( continued ) 4l 42 43 8/21/13 32 . continued : 4l darwan ( to himself ; frantic ) preet ... there 's a faint noise on the other side of a wall . darwan ( cont would ) preet ! int . bathroom —- basement apartment — continuous - day 42 as darwan rush in , the cabinet door under the sink throws OPEN . preet be inside , extricate himself from the vanity where he hide by contort himself into a impossibly tight ball . he spill onto the bath mat , one foot still stick in the plumbing . darwan help he up . preet ( shake ) I think they get I this time . darwan they take teji and raam . thank God you be safe . preet only ' till next time . int . bedroom — basement apartment - a little later — day 43 the bedroom 's a mess , too , from the agent ' search : clothes all over the floor and the bed upend . preet stuff he few belonging into a duffel while darwan plead with he . darwan I will find we another place - preet I be go to live with my girlfriend in Chinatown . darwan ( take aback ) you have a girlfriend ? preet they will not look for I if I be with she . she 's jewish . ( off darwan 's shock ) uncle D , you know I would go sometime . ( continued ) 43 44 45 46 47 8/21/13 33 . continued : 43 darwan this be a very poor decision . my sister will blame I . preet I tell she , Mom , this be America . I can do what I want . as long as they do not ask for my papers . int . live room — basement apartment —- later — magic hour 44 darwan be leave alone in the dishevel apartment . he make no move to clean up . as night fall , he remain lean against the wall , think . int . prayer room , gurdwara - morning 45 darwan sit in prayer . his attention be draw to : a older sikh man praying with he wife alongside he . they lip move together . ext . wendy'' house — day 46 darwan wait in the student car in he customary spot , park at the hydrant in front of Wendy 's house . a lovesick indian ballad play on he radio . he hardly hear it , still deep in think . Wendy burst from the house , she hair chaotic , glower with anger over she divorce . i/e . moving student car - day 47 the student car creep through harlem to Washington Heights . Wendy 's attention be everywhere but the road . darwan Point you eye at the middle of the lane . the same as a gun . you peripheral vision see all the rest . angle - passing a pair of STREET tough . they spot darwan with he turban . tough kid ( yell ) Osama ! think we kill you ! ( continued ) 8/21/13 34 . 47 continued : 47 the kid hit the hood of the car as it stop at the crosswalk . wendy ( yell out window ) shut up , asshole ! ( to darwan ) do that happen to you a lot ? darwan every day . people try to push you button . you do not engage with they . especially when you drive . she come to a stop at the intersection . darwan ( cont would ) you be on top of the crosswalk . next time stop where you can see the line . on wendy - grit she tooth . the constant stream of criticism , even deliver in darwan 's neutral tone , be get to she . traffic move again . suddenly a sport car zoom past , angle abruptly in front of she , inch from the bumper , cut she off . Wendy pound the horn . wendy God damn it ! darwan do not lean on the horn . it 's not a boat . just a short tap . wendy why do man have to do that ? wag they ball in you face . darwan ( control he shock ) I think it be time to discuss road rage . you must learn to be calm and relaxed , not only to drive but in you life as well . wendy and how do you manage that ? darwan prayer help I . I pray every day . ( continued ) 47 48 8/21/13 35 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 wendy I unfriended God a long time ago ... guess you have get lot of friend up there . all that god of yours . darwan I be not hindu . I be a sikh . we have only one God , like yours . wendy then I be mad at you God , too . he say nothing . she turn she head to glance at he . he 's impassive , as if he do not hear she , focus only on the road . wendy ( cont would ) I be sorry . darwan eye forward . i/e . moving student car - later - late afternoon 48 the car pass through the narrow tree -line street of castle village . tudor house . a rabbi cross the street ; elderlies walk they dog , kide in Catholic uniform return from school . darwan be careful to see every person before you . they may not have the right of way but you be the one drive a deadly weapon ... he look over . Wendy have a glaze look he have come to know well . she do not notice she 's roll right through a stop sign . darwan' hand wrench the wheel from her . the car pull over to the curb . darwan ( cont would ) where be you just now ? you do not seem to notice anything . observation , Wendy , observation . this be you weakness . wendy ( snap ) be you channele my husband ? ( continued ) 48 49 50 8/21/13 36 . continued : 48 darwan tell I why you want to drive . wendy to go somewhere else . darwan and how do you want to get there ? wendy ( off-guard ) " how " ? darwan you want to arrive in one piece ? or two piece ? or three ? wendy ( look away ; haughtily ) do not patronize I . darwan look at I . the urgency in he voice make she turn back to he . she be surprised to see the depth of compassion in he eye , although she have spend the lesson bait he . darwan ( cont would ) it do not matter what be go on in you life out there , you must shut it out . when you be here , when you be at the wheel of a car , this be all there be . you life : right now . so take care of it , please . fade out . int . front hall - wendy'' house - day 49 Wendy open the door for a cleaning crew . i/e. basement apartment - day 50 darwan unlock the door to basement apartment . later - work shirtless , run a dry vacuum over the floor ... cut and lay carpet .... he hang a mirror ... a shower curtain ... ( continued ) 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 8/21/13 37 . continued : 50 preet help he haul a king-size mattress through the door .... int . front hall - wendy'' house - day 51 the cleaner attack the house . Wendy toss clutter into garbage bag ... knock-knock 0o.s. I / E. basement apartment - day 52 darwan open the door , and he friend lug in box of electronic equipment . int . front hall - wendy'' house - day 53 Wendy let the cleaner out . she turn : everything be neat and spotless . int . wendy'' bedroom - later — day 54 stand before the mirror , Wendy check she dress . it look new . int . basement apartment — later — day 55 it 's do . a big flat - screen tv be perch on a cabinet along with a dvd player , speaker and sub - woofer . everyone 's very excited . darwan play with four remote , try to turn the tv on . at last , the image ignites on the screen . ding-dong 0o.s. the doorbell . int . front hall - wendy'' house - minute later - day 56 Wendy open the door . it 's ted. apparently she 's be expect he . ted hi. he 's brace for a fight , but instead she smile cheerily . wendy come on in . ( continued ) 56 57 8/21/13 38 . continued : 56 he step in , register surprise at she makeover . ted you look fine . wendy therefore I be . int . live room , wendy'' house - later —- day 57 Ted 's reach down he book from the bookcase , fill up carton . Wendy be curl up on the couch , watch . wendy do you think book miss they owner ? they pine , they waste away ? ted or they get a new haircut and hit the singles scene . wendy so many choice , when you be single . he 's silent , will not touch that , he back to she as he reach more book down . wendy ( cont would ) should I look for a two or three - bedroom apartment ? High - rise or low - rise ? ted we be look for a place in nyack . she shift uncomfortably , she heart sink . wendy that 's a long commute . ted I enjoy the drive . I love a big bridge over a big river . human genius vaulting over the primeval ooze . wendy really . ( be : book ) you be leave I " the Joy of sex " ? ( continued ) 8/21/13 39 . 57 continued : 57 ted it 's yours . I give it to you for Valentine 's . wendy I do not remember read it . ted you put it in a drawer . wendy well , toss it here . ( he do ) let 's see if there 's anything we do not cover . ( check table of content ) missionary , check . stand , check . rear entry , check . wait . do we do " the viennese oyster " ? without respond , he heft a carton and exit . 58 ext . wendy'' house - a little later - late afternoon 58 Ted finish load he double - park car with carton . 59 int . live room , wendy'' house - later - late afternoon 59 when Ted re-enter , Wendy have put a box full of photograph on the coffee table . ted guess that 's it . wendy here be some photo I find , you might want . ted I be double - park . Wendy 's smile at a photo she 's pick from the pile . wendy this one 's from moose River . lure over , he sit beside she on the couch as she hand he the photo . he grin at the image . ted natasha be what , six ? ( continued ) 59 8/21/13 40 . continued : 59 wendy she be eight , the cabin be six . degree below zero . ted ( laugh ) first and last camp trip . ( be : next photo ) Halloween ? wendy ( swat he playfully ) no ! shoulder pad be in then . Ted look at a few more picture . Wendy watch he carefully . sigh , he put they down , suddenly deflate . ted this be hard . wendy yes . beat . wendy ( cont would ) I be find I can do hard thing . I be learn to drive , you know . ted that 's a scary think , miss mcgoo . wendy I can drive , I can keep a clean house , I can doll myself up , I can bake a cherry pie ... she slide to she knee in front of he . wendy ( cont would ) I can give you what you need . he 's freeze , unsure this be really happen , as she reach to undo he belt buckle . wendy ( cont would ) I can make you love I again . ted Wendy -- this just be not you . she smile seductively , parting he fly . ( continued ) 8/21/13 41 . 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 wendy why not I ? ted ( laugh nervously ) since when do you become lapdancer ? she reach inside he pants and bend she head ... he pull she hand away from he open fly . ted ( cont would ) sweetheart , do not ... wendy God ! to hear you call I that again be wonderful . she go for he mouth , bring she lip to he -- o.s. beep - beep - beep : a truck back up on the street outside ; then the roar of heavy machinery . Ted bound off the couch . ted Holy shit ! 60 ext . wendy'' house - second later - late afternoon 60 the operator of a city tow truck be just put the big hook in Ted 's front bumper . Ted run into the street , yelling in protest . wendy in the doorway watch , demoralize ... then shut the door . darwan ( 0.s. ) no. no . she be not this kind of woman . 61 int . basement apartment —- queen — day 61 preet and he uncle be sit in the apartment look through a lingerie catalog at woman dress in scanty panty , saucy push - up bras , peekaboo satin nighty ... preet ( 0.s. ) how do you know ? ( continued ) 61 62 63 8/21/13 42 . continued : 61 darwan she will be modest , I think . this would shock she . preet trust I ! all woman , they want this thing . darwan no. preet ( follow , teasing ) and what about you , uncle D ? do not you want it ? darwan I do not want she to get the idea that this be how I think of she . it 's disrespectful . preet ( exasperate groan ) it 's bad enough you do not understand woman . but you do not even understand yourself . darwan I will wait for she birthday . ext . wendy'' STREET -— day 62 angle on tire of student car rolling backward slowly .... they swivel sharply , still back up ... then with a jolt , they mount the curb . wendy oh shit , oh shit ...! i/ E. student car - continuous - day 63 Wendy lean she head against the wheel in frustration . ( continued ) 8/21/13 43 . 63 continued : 63 wendy I be so lose . darwan tap she on the back gently . she turn to he . darwan Wendy , how do you know if you have put in enough salt and pepper when you be make a beef stew ? wendy you taste it ? darwan right . so what do you do if you have lose track of the way the car be point when you parallel - park ? wendy you taste it ? darwan you just let the car move back a tiny bit and see which way it go -- you taste the direction . wendy and then you correct the season ? darwan right . you adjust a little bit , and a little bit -- and now I have make myself hungry . I will go home and make myself a curry . she smile wanly , preoccupy . darwan ( cont would ) you look very nice today . she look at he as if see a man for the first time . wendy thank you . later he write she receipt on the hood of the car while she write a check . as they make the exchange , he look as if he want to say something but have lose he courage . then he blurt : ( continued ) 63 64 65 8/21/13 44 , continued : ( 2 ) 63 darwan Wendy ... what do a woman like for a gift ? wendy I do not know , candy , flower ... speak for myself , a book of poetry . darwan ( brighten ) ah !... wendy my husband give I that on we first date and every anniversary . he would mark a certain love poem and ask I to read it while he lay he head in my lap . ( wistfully ) it be the perfect gift . darwan yes , a fine idea . wendy ( rip check out of book ) what about you ? what present do you like ? darwan ( laugh ; accept it ) a check , of course . int . basement apartment -— night 64 darwan carefully wrap a small book in gift paper . later he put the final touch on he new home , hang a picture of the sikh ' Golden Temple ; another of the first guru , father of sikhism . pan toward the last picture he 's hang : of he parent , he father pose stiffly , proud in he white turban ; he mother languidly lean she head on she hand and smile warmly . int . live room — wendy'' house - night 65 angle on moroccan table lamp with ornate stain glass shade . ( continued ) 65 66 67 8/21/13 45 . continued : 65 wendy ( 0.s. ) ( into phone ) how can you claim the moroccan lamp as a pre-marital asset ?! widen angle to include - wendy pace with the cordless phone , and brandish a page from a legal document . wendy ( cont would ) ( into phone ) we buy it together , Ted ! ( tear page in half ) hear that ? I be tear this in half . now you can shove it up both you ass and you lawyer 's ! i/e student car - day 66 it 's a sweltering day : muggy , yellowish sky . even with the window roll down , darwan and Wendy be drench in sweat . she drive east along Central Park South , pass skateboarders with they shirt off ; jogger pour evian over they head ; mob of child around the ice cream seller . horse with droop head haul carriage of tourist . a pedi - cab driver pedal stoically in the heat alongside she . wendy why do not you have air-condition in this heap ? darwan the school busy the cheapest car . I will take you someplace cooler . he smile mysteriously . ext . 59 th STREET —- minute later — day 67 Wendy wait in heavy traffic at a stoplight . look ahead , she realize that the street ascend straight into ... wendy oh my God ! it 's a bridge ! darwan yes . today you be go over a bridge . ( continued ) 8/21/13 45a. 67 continued : the light change . but Wendy be freeze . wendy I can not ! darwan just keep go . ( continued ) 67 67 68 8/21/13 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 67 the car behind she blast its horn angrily . wendy I be afraid of height ! darwan we will take it slowly . now go straight . wendy please do not make I do it . the honking grow as more car join in . darwan Wendy , you must move . the car creep forward . the light change before she have reach the opposite side of the intersection . now the cross traffic approach and she 's " block the box . " more honking . Wendy and darwan shout above the noise : wendy why be you force I to do this ?! darwan because I know what you can do better than you ! his calm obstinacy infuriate she , but there 's no choice : she must drive ahead , and that mean mount the bridge . her finger tighten on the wheel . GREEN light . she drive forward , slow as a tortoise . ext . queensborough bridge - second later - day 68 the student car creep over the bridge , the East River stretch out below . darwan ( 0.s. ) do not look down . focus on the center of the lane , and it 's just another road . except it 's in the sky . think of yourself as a bird . you be float on the wind . feel how happy it be , how easy -- wendy ( 0.s. ) darwan , this be terrifying !! ( continued ) 68 69 70 8/21/13 47 . continued : 68 darwan ( 0.s . ) fear be a good thing . if you be afraid , then you will pay more attention . no more tuning out , Wendy . I / e_ student car - later - day 69 they have arrive in queen . Wendy be a wreck . darwan congratulation . you can let go the death grip now . wendy oh my God , I never want to do that again ! darwan but you have to drive back . wendy no , you will drive we back . darwan no way . I be happy here in queen . ext . queen - sequence of shot — day 70 montage of queen neighborhood , as Wendy drive through ; darwan and Wendy converse o.s. darwan ( 0.s. ) queen be part of New York , too . passing a asian district , where throng of shopper stroll under sign in chinese , thai , singaporean , malaysian ; past karaoke bar , chinese herb shop ... darwan ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) we do not have skyscraper and Times Square and trump palace . we only have ... more people . passing the " African poetry theater , " people on the street wear dashikis and doo-rag ... darwan ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) many different people . families . ( continued ) 8/21/13 48. 70 continued : 70 wendy ( 0.s. ) you have you family here , too ? darwan ( 0.s. ) just my nephew , my sister 's son . she life in punjab . passing under the arcade of the elevate subway line , we see latinos -- filipino , ecuadorian , peruvian -- on the street , open produce market with Spanish sign ... wendy ( 0.s. ) you parent ? passing a park where a group of East indian have gather at a small stream , scatter a decease person 's ash . darwan ( 0.s. ) they be dead . out the window - taiwanese kide fly model plane in the park . pan up to see a jumbo jet roar low above the treetop , head for JFK Airport ... 71 I / e_ student car - later - day 71 Wendy swerve the car onto a small street of huddle cottage : a work - class neighborhood . darwan ( frown ) I do not tell you to turn . wendy ( grin ) I be show you my queen . this be where I grow up . darwan you be from queen ?! after a double - take , he burst out laughing . darwan ( cont would ) you play a good joke on I . wendy'' Pov - passing a old heap at the curb . in the driver 's seat be a man in a Met ' cap , smoking . ( continued ) 71 72 73 8/21/13 49 , continued : 71 wendy dad use to sit in he car , just like that , listen to the ball game on the radio , whenever my mother kick he out of the house . which be pretty often . he take off one day and we never see he again . my sister and I be leave alone to raise we mother . Wendy pick up some speed as she continue talk . wendy ( cont would ) -.- I have scoliosis so I have to spend a year in a cast in bed . that 's when I get into book . they be my ride . darwan take he eye off the road to watch she in profile . wendy ( cont would ) " smarty wendypant " he call I . he would have be proud to see I go to barnard . seagull be in the air . the car be head for the beach of Far rockaway . manhattan be see across the water , with its clutter of skyscraper , through heat haze ... wendy ( cont would ) I can not believe you get I here . I be allergic to queen . darwan there will be a reward . omitted 72 int / ext student car - boardwalk , far rockaway - later - day 73 Wendy park in the lot near the boardwalk , and the long strip of beach where the whole melting pot of queen come to lie in the sand and play in the wave . Wendy relinquish the wheel with a groan . darwan ( jump out of the car ) wait here . ( continued ) 73 8/21/13 49a . continued : 73 on wendy - watch he stride onto the boardwalk . she turn the radio on , tuning it until she get a baseball game . she smile to herself , then look up . ( continued ) 73 74 8/21/13 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 73 wendy'' Pov through the windshield ( fantasy ) - a man in a Met ' cap stand in front of the bumper , smile back at she . it 's wendy'' father , as she imagine he . wendy hi , dad . well , here I be . sitting in you seat , and the Met be play Arizona . father' voice good for you , wendypant . about time you take the wheel . we pan to the passenger seat , where she father have reappear , sit beside she . wendy'' father ( pat the dashboard ) a car 's the great thing in the history of human invention . forget you house , you could move in here . sleep in the back . heat up a tv dinner in the engine . here 's you shower . he switch on the wiper fluid , spraying the front window . she giggle . wendy'' father ( cont would ) pee in the gas tank . and when the spirit move , you just drive away . on wendy - not laugh anymore . wendy like you drive away , dad ? and never come back . a knock on the driver' window make she turn she head . darwan be there , hold two ice cream bar . darwan here be you reward . ext . beach - later — day 74 track with wendy and darwan eat ice cream bar as they stroll away from the sunbather . wendy you have a master , really ? ( continued ) 74 continued : 8/21/13 51 . 74 darwan I be a university professor , like my father . wendy then why do you teach drive ? darwan for a better job I would have to take off my turban , shave my beard . people think I look dangerous . but this be how I know who I be . and here it be too easy to forget . wendy do not you go back for visit ? darwan I can never go home to India . it 's part of political asylum . I could not see my father before he die last year . wendy I do not get a chance to say goodbye to my dad either . darwan I miss my mother 's funeral , too , but that be when I be in prison there . wendy ( take aback ) why ? darwan for nothing . for be a sikh . the police have already kill my brother . they say he be a terrorist , and they have to shoot he because he ambush they , but it be a lie . then they punish the rest of the family . all of we be torture , my father , my uncle , even my mother . they let my sister alone because she be too young . back then there be no justice for sikh . wendy how long be you in prison ? ( continued ) 74 continued : ( 2 ) darwan a long time . 8/21/13 51a . ( continued ) 74 74 8/21/13 52 . continued : ( 3 ) 74 his tone be carefully placid , but a shadow pass over he face . he stare at the wave . Wendy can tell the subject be close . he return to the present , as if switch something off . darwan ( cont would ) but here be the ocean . punjab be nowhere near water . the sky have gone dark . rumbling o.s. a summer thunderstorm be gather . darwan glance at he watch , suddenly alarmed . darwan ( cont would ) it 's very late ! wendy I have time . he turn to rush back to the car . darwan we have to get you back to Manhattan . ( to himself ) oh my God ... 75 8/21/13 53. i/e. intersection - queen - later - magic hour 75 heavy traffic . the student car stop at a light at a big intersection . thunder growls ; lightning flash . the sky goe darker . pedestrian cross in front of she car . among they be a man in a met ' cap . he pull he windbreaker hood over he head , obscure he face . wendy ( softly ) dad ...? darwan turn on you light . wendy ( look around ) where ? where ? he snatch she hand and put it on the light dial . he be be unusually impatient and brusque with she . darwan dial to the next position . she return she eye quickly to the intersection . wendy'' Pov - the man in the met 's cap be go . wendy turn she head . the man appear beside she open window . his windbreaker hood be pull down ; he face be in shadow . wendy dad ! he do not move . wendy ( cont would ) just tell I one thing , please , Mom say it be a accident , but - do you do it on purpose ? do you want to die ? to get away from we ? from I ? she 's crying now . darwan' voice cut through , incongruously . darwan ( 0.s. ) you have the light ! go now ! ( continued ) 75 76 77 8/21/13 53a . continued : 75 wendy ( to man ) do you ever love I ? the man pull back he hood suddenly . lightning flash , revealing he face be crushed , a bloodied Mass from impact with a windshield . wendy scream ! simultaneously , a crack of thunder ! and - i/e student car - continuous - day 76 her foot hit the brake ! her brake light flash -- too late . the car behind barrel into the rear of the student car : crash ! Wendy and darwan be throw forward against they seat belt . the rear bumper of the student car crumple . another car rear -end the car behind her : smash ! the force of the second collision force the first car even further into Wendy 's rear . the trunk cave , the lid pop OPEN . even the " windsor drive school " placard on the roof be knock to one side . the sky open . sheet of rain deluge the scene . 77 ( continued ) 76 78 8/21/13 continued : I / e_ student car - continuous - magic hour darwan be beside himself , yell at she : darwan why do you stop ? Wendy cower in the driver 's seat . wendy I do not know -- darwan oh my dear God -- pull over ! wendy ( throw she hand up helplessly ) I can not ! high angle - outside car 54 . 76 78 darwan run around to take the driver 's seat while Wendy slide over . traffic be back up behind the crash and honking belligerently . ( continued ) 78 8/21/13 55 . continued : 78 darwan drive the wounded car over to the curb . the other vehicle follow suit . a driver and passenger ( both driver and passenger ) get out to inspect they crunch hood , and bumper . darwan jump out of the student car without a word to Wendy . he approach the other driver . the Driver be furious . driver I just get through pay for this car ! driver be enraged , spot darwan 's beard and turban . driver ( cont would ) Fucking arab asshole ! darwan please , it be my student -- driver go back to you fuck cave ! passenger stop ! Driver punch he darwan 's turban off ; kick the side of the student car , leave a dent . passenger restrain driver ; darwan , humiliate , scramble to retrieve he turban from the ground where it have unravel . his long hair ( which have never be cut , accord to sikh tradition ) swing free , a skinny rope uncoil to the small of he back . he look suddenly , shockingly , naked without the turban . passenger ( cont would ) stop ! can we just do the insurance card and get the fuck outa here ! inside student car - Wendy sit stunne . the passenger door wrench open . darwan reach in , he long hair hang ; he toss the muddy turban in , yank open the glove compartment , extract he insurance card and registration with tremble hand , and slam the door shut again . a police car arrive on the scene , its roof light be twirling . a cop get out and approach the huddle of men . ( continued ) 8/21/13 56 . 78 continued : ( 2 ) 78 darwan' Pov - the cop' badge move closer ... on darwan - he eye instinctively fill with fear ; he become short of breath . minute later his report pad out , the cop interview the driver . cop what happen first ? driver ( indicate darwan ) he stop for no reason . darwan it be a student driver , sir ... the cop note darwan 's turban and he unease . cop where you from ? darwan Richmond Hill . cop yeah , but where be you from ? darwan India . cop you get papers ? darwan ( produce id ) I be a american citizen . cop scrutinize darwan 's id and license . cop stay here . ( to Driver and passenger ) get in you car and have you license and registration ready . the cop take darwan 's papers back to the police car . back in the car - Wendy sense darwan be in trouble . ( continued ) 8/21/13 57 . 78 continued : ( 3 ) 78 wendy jump out , intercept the cop . wendy Officer , it be my fault . I be drive . cop remain in the car , mar 'am . wendy ( belligerent ) I have two word for you : racial . profile . ( to darwan ) be they harass you ? darwan ( exasperate ) Wendy , stay in the car . cop this be a no- fault accident , mar 'am . I be just fill out a report . later - nightfall angle on digital car clock - as the minute shift . wendy , in the passenger seat , keep glance back . wendy'' Pov - darwan pace , talk on he cell phone , gesticulate . later - driver and he passenger leave in they car . darwan wait , seat on the curb , he head bow . the cop lean into he police car , confer with he partner inside . darwan look on anxiously . wendy'' eye fall to the rear seat . there 's a hand -lettere cardboard sign read " jasleen kaur " , a bouquet of flowers wrap in cellophane , and a gift-wrapped book . she have a sink feel he buy they for she . the cop return , hand back darwan 's papers and the accident report . everything happen very fast : the sky open ; torrential rain pour down in sheet ; second later ( continued ) 78 79 continued : 8/21/13 58 . ( 4 ) 78 darwan get in the student car , stuff the papers in the glove compartment . but not before get soaking wet from wendy be everything okay ? not respond , he catch sight of the clock , and become even more agitate . darwan put on you seat belt . wendy ( repeat ) be everything okay ? darwan what be " okay " ?! I have a car bashed up to hell and my boss angry at I ! student car -— continuous - night 79 the car be still park as darwan collect himself from the recent activity . the rain continue . wendy I will pay to have it fix . darwan you pay nothing . the school have insurance . but the five-hundred dollar deductible , who pay that ? I do ! do you know how much I work for five hundred dollar ? wendy I can give you that . darwan I can not take you money . that be not how I be . what be you do ? all you have to do be drive straight through a intersection , everything be clear -- and you stop ! ( continued ) 79 80 81 8/21/13 59 . continued : 79 wendy my mind go somewhere , just for a second . darwan bad thing happen in just one second ! you can lose everything ! and you do not get another try ! wendy ( defensive ) I be think . I be a intellectual . darwan you can think about anything you want when you write , but when you drive you think only about drive ! ( brusquely ) I do not have time to take you home now . I have to pick up somebody at the airport , and I be very late . he quickly pull the car away from the curb and race through the amber light , join the traffic int . JFK " parking lot " - a little later - night 80 park the parking lot , darwan yank down the rear view mirror to fix he turban , stuff he hair haphazardly inside and frantically wind the cloth around he head . Wendy look on mutely as he grab the sign , flower , and gift from the back seat of the student car . he jump out , leave Wendy inside the car . darwan ( curt ) stay here ! ext . JFK " AIR india terminal " - moment later 81 a Air India flight have arrive ; the last of the travellers be leave : woman in vivid saris and man in Nehru suit . darwan hold he sign aloft , search the traveller ' face in vain . ( continued ) 81 8/21/13 60 . continued : 81 his turban be askew , and the end of the soggy cloth have come loose , hang over he eye so he have to swat it away . the pavement empty . then darwan spot a small , plump 30 - something indian woman about 50 foot away , sit alone on she luggage ; on she lap be a clear plastic garment bag with a long ornate red gown inside . he hold up he sign hopefully , but she make no sign of recognition . as he approach she , she glance up , bleary from the flight . darwan jasleen ? jasleen darwan ? she seem a bit stunne . he realize he could not look worse , dishevel and drench , he shirt stick to he skin , he turban askew and unravel . darwan hello . do you not see my sign ? ( she look confuse ) never mind . here be for you . he hand she the flower and the wrap gift . darwan ( cont would ) please , open it . she unwrap the paper . she stare blankly at the book inside . darwan ( cont would ) this be beautiful poem for you to read . William wordsworth ! jasleen ( ill at ease ) thank you , mister . darwan ( laugh ) no mister ! we will speak only English now , for practise . you will learn fast . she give he a box of indian candy from she tote . ( continued ) 81 82 8/21/13 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 81 darwan ( cont would ) thank you . I have not taste this in twelve year ! he wait for she to say more , but she 's like a deer in the headlight . darwan ( cont would ) now I will show you New York ! he offer to take she garment bag , but she will not release it . he pick up she three suitcase , staggering to the car . she follow , arm full of flower , garment bag , and poetry book . int . JFK parking lot - moment later 82 as they approach he car , he 's acutely aware of what she see : the dent door , the smashed rear , the placard askew ; and a attractive middle - age caucasian woman wait beside the vehicle . darwan ( flustered ) it 's a little accident we have . that 's my student , Wendy . Wendy , this be jasleen . wendy hi. jasleen look at she suspiciously . jasleen hello , miss . wendy ( tactfully ) I will get in the back . Wendy be hunkere in the rear . darwan pile jasleen 's luggage to the ceiling next to she . darwan ( to Wendy ; petulant ) I cannot put this in the trunk because it be fill with rain . his movement be nervous ; he be now so upset he seem unhinge . he go to take the garment bag from jasleen , who first cling to it . ( continued ) 8/21/13 62. 82 continued : jasleen I want - careful ! darwan no problem , it will be safe . darwan hand the bag to Wendy in the rear seat as climb into the passenger seat . darwan ( cont would ) ( to Wendy ) hang this on the hook . as Wendy hang the bag on the hook over she door , turn she head to watch , frown . jasleen my dress ... darwan ( climb into driver seat ) it 's she wedding dress . wendy ( to jasleen ) oh , you be get marry ? jasleen do not answer . darwan speak slowly so she understand . wendy ( to jasleen ) you get marry ? darwan yes. tomorrow . we be very happy . Wendy be stupefy . wendy you two ? as he pull the car away from the curb : darwan ( to Wendy ; hotly ) yes ! can you imagine how embarrassing this be ? ( voice reach a shout ) ( more ) 82 jasleen jasleen ( continued ) 82 8/21/13 63 . continued : ( 2 ) 82 darwan ( cont would ) I look like a drown dog , I have to pick she up in a pile of junk -- this be not how we first meeting be to be !! he be speak so fast , jasleen can not understand ; she can only cringe against she door , witness he anger with no idea of the cause . the car head out of the parking lot . darwan ( cont would ) ( to jasleen ) we must take Wendy home first . ( gesture out window ) look , here be America ! jasleen see nothing outside but bleak concrete and sterile streetlight through a scrim of humid exhaust . wendy Excuse I , you have never meet she ? darwan she 's from a village near where I grow up . my sister pick she out for I . wendy ( sit back ) if my sister pick I a husband , he would be some dickless Republican banker . darwan ( sarcastic ) yes , you be better off ! ( mutter ) that 's why you be alone and crazy . wendy listen , just drop I at the subway . he swerve around another car , thrust the woman against they door , while he shake he finger back at Wendy : darwan no ! you be my guest ! you do not understand , this be how we be , we do everything for we guest before we think of ourselves ! this be the sikh way ! ( more ) ( continued ) 82 83 84 85 86 8/21/13 64 . continued : ( 3 ) darwan ( cont would ) ( to jasleen ) so , be I the way you picture I ? wide exterior angle - the maim student car drive out of frame , its trunk lid bounce up and down . omitted omitted omitted int . temple ( gurdwara ) -— next day darwan and jasleen stand before the giani , or priest , and the holy book . member of the wedding party , all darwan 's friend , be dress in a riot of color : flame , fuschia , saffron , emerald ; the man in turban and long shirt of rainbow hue . jasleen , heavily make up , with henna would hand , wear she scarlet wedding dress and gold bangle ; darwan wear a scarlet turban and ceremonial sword . darwan hold one end of a saffron sash , jasleen the other , as he lead she four time around the Holy Book . the Priest and musician sing the sacred couplet which accompany each tour : priest ( first round ) " thus the Lord imprint the duty of marry life ... " preet grin , wink at he as he pass by . priest ( cont would ) ( second round ) " thus the Lord lead you to you Divine guide ... " jasleen follow three step behind darwan , stare at she foot so as not to trip . priest ( cont would ) ( third round ) " thus God 's love fill you mind ... " ( continued ) 82 83 84 85 86 86 87 88 89 90 8/21/13 65 . continued : she timidly lift she eye to the back of she groom , he square shoulder , he confident stride . priest ( cont would ) ( fourth round ) " thus you find the fruit of you heart 's desire in God 's name . " int . temple ( gurdwara ) - communal space — night the wedding guest dance exuberantly , under color light , to the loud " banghara " music from a boombox . darwan be dance , too . jasleen look on shyly from the sideline . her eyelid droop : she 's very tired and she do not know anyone . int . basement apartment —- later — night jasleen wait in the bed . darwan , he back to she , unwrap he turban .... woman' voice ( 0.s. ) it 's a always a trade - off ... int . apartment - day the woman' voice continue : it 's a broker show Wendy around a empty sun-filled apartment . broker you want a lot of light , you have to sacrifice on space . or you buy a bigger place , and sacrifice you light ... Wendy wander about without enthusiasm , not really listen . int . basement apartment — day jasleen unpack she cosmetics on darwan 's bureau . she hang she scarve next to he tie . she arrange a framed photo of her parent next to he . later ( continued ) 86 87 88 89 90 90 91 92 93 8/21/13 66 . continued : 90 jasleen gaze up at the wane light in the street - level window , where she can see the feet of passersby go to and for . int . live room — wendy'' house - day 91 Wendy 's take book from the shelf to pack in open carton . a tragic opera play faintly on a pbs station . Wendy 's mood be correspondingly stormy . we follow her feet as she approach a box , then linger on a book lie open on the floor . it 's the yellow page , open to " drive instruction . " a few ad be half - heartedly circle . when she foot return to frame , she abruptly kick the book aside . she carry the glass - shade moroccan lamp to a box fill with bubble wrap . she raise the lamp carefully , turn , and with all she force smashes it on the floor . she throw herself onto the couch , curling into a ball , she hand cover she head . then she hear a faint noise 0o.s. : something brush against the front door . retreating footstep on the stoop outside . int . front hall - wendy'' house - night 92 low angle - a fold note rest on the floor , sly through the mail slot on the door . wendy'' hand pick up the note . wendy unfold the letter and read . take a deep , grateful breath . ext . wendy'' house — day 93 darwan wait in he usual place , park at the fire hydrant . he 's in a different student car . he check he watch . Wendy come out of she house at last . he jump out and meet she halfway , escort she down the stoop , grin . darwan you make I wait . punish I ? wendy ( coy ) maybe . ( continued ) 93 94 8/21/13 67 . continued : 93 darwan well , I be happy we will finish what we start . I will not let you fail you license , Wendy . approach the car : wendy how be the wedding ? she can not help the hint of jealousy in she voice . he do not notice . darwan it 's a very , very beautiful ceremony . it say when a man and a woman marry , they become one spirit . we think and feel the same , there 's no difference between we . wendy you do not mention love . darwan of course . Love be the one road to God . God do not want anyone to be alone . she raise a sardonic eyebrow . he open the driver 's door for she to get in . int . student car # 2 _- continuous - day 94 she go to turn on the ignition key . darwan seat belt first . as she pull the seat belt across she chest : wendy so what 's it like to wake up marry to a complete stranger ? darwan I think you do not approve of arrange marriage . check you mirror . ( as she do so ) I will try to explain . we hold we family very close . they know you better than anyone else . ( more ) ( continued ) 94 95 96 8/21/13 68 . continued : 94 darwan ( cont would ) they be more objective about who 's the right person for you . she turn on the engine , put on she signal light . darwan ( cont would ) if you be leave to you own device , there 's more chance you will pick the wrong one . you choose for you ego . wendy I do not know what I believe about marriage . ( as she pull out ) except that it would always be there . int . basement apartment — day 95 jasleen iron darwan 's shirt ; glance now and then at the curious image on tv , where a hefty woman tearfully smack and punch a beefy guy beside she on a maury povich - type show . the subtitle , which she can not read , be : " her boyfriend make her watch he have sex with he wife . " later lying on the couch , she watch " sesame STREET , " feature the letter " p . " a short animated sequence teach the word " peligro " ( danger ) . jasleen mouth the word : jasleen peligro . int . basement apartment - later - magic hour 96 she cook dinner , enjoy indian rap music on the stereo . angle on basement window - darwan' taxi pull up . darwan enter , between shift . without ask she , he turn the music off . he look over she shoulder at the pot on the stove . darwan more tomato make a nicer color . jasleen I not have . ( continued ) 96 continued : 8/21/13 69 . 96 darwan ( gently ) jasleen , I give you money . you can go out and buy tomato . jasleen I not know where . darwan just walk down the street , there be so many store . she lapse into silence . they be awkward with each other still : he 's aloof and formal , she be reticent . a little later she serve dinner . he taste she cooking . she wait for he approval . she sigh . later darwan ( cont would ) a little too much ghee . jasleen I try no much . darwan if you do not have conversation with people outside , how will you pick up English ? jasleen tv . darwan then tell I what you learn today . jasleen ( smile with pride ) peligro . darwan ( laugh ) that 's Spanish , not English . at the basement window , jasleen watch darwan 's foot approach he taxi at the curb . he get in and drive off . ( continued ) 96 97 8/21/13 70 . continued : ( 2 ) 96 later - night curle on the bed , jasleen surf the tv channel . pan toward screen : image of american women : a news anchorwoman ... a female attorney argue a case ... judge judy bang the gavel ... america's next top model ... housewive of whatever have a cat fight ... hillary clinton ... later - morning darwan return from he taxi shift . jasleen wake when he crawl into bed next to she ; he fall immediately asleep . she pull the divider curtain close on he and retreat to the tv . " my little pony " be on . int . restaurant - night 97 Wendy 's sister debbie ( about 5 year young ) and she husband be have cocktail with a male friend at a table for four . Wendy arrive , breathless . kiss she sister and brother - in - law briskly : wendy sorry I be late . the male friend stand to pull out Wendy 's chair for she . debbie ( to man ) my sister be never on time . debbie' husband Wendy , this be Peter hine . a squash buddy of mine . he annihilate I once a week . peter ( 50 - 60 ) have a raffish smile ; handsome ; impeccable presentation : all buff and bespoke . wendy hello . she glare at she sister . she be not expect the extra male . a little later ( continued ) 97 8/21/13 70a . continued : Peter be study the wine list avidly while the wine steward stand by . ( continued ) 97 8/21/13 71 . 97 continued : ( 2 ) 97 peter how do a ' 91 meursault sound to everyone ? debbie great ! Wendy hiss to she sister : wendy Debbie , I tell you not to do this . debbie so he 's a banker . he 's also a opera buff and a gourmet . wendy what be he political affiliation ? debbie I have no idea ! he be hard to wrangle for this dinner , a lot of woman be after he . honey , you have get to get back in the saddle . wendy and roll in the hay ? I love this dude ranch metaphor come from a Connecticut matron . debbie matron ?! you could do with a hormone upgrade yourself . the sister giggle . angle on peter' plate - two hour later - the remain of a fish and baby vegetable . pan up to peter in conference with the chef , whom he have summon from the kitchen to find out the ingredient of the fish dish . peter White wine ... lemon grass ... cardamom ? chef ah , monsieur know he stuff . peter and , let I take a wild guess , fennel seed ? ( continued ) 97 8/21/13 72 . continued : ( 3 ) 97 Peter wink at Wendy , but she have a goblet of wine up to she face . chef very close . anise . peter you be a genius . he try to slip the chef a $ 100 bill . chef ( embarrassed ; retreat to kitchen ) no , no . please , enjoy . debbie Peter , I do not know how you taste all that . Wendy , be not he amazing ? wendy uh-huh . later they're on dessert : profiterole and sorbet . Wendy stick with the wine . Peter lean closer to she , he tone intimate . peter you have no idea how much I envy you . I would love nothing more than to live a life of the mind . wendy I would like something to take my mind off my mind . peter that 's why I do yoga meditation . tantric yoga , actually . wendy I do ambien . peter ( laugh suavely ) I know you would be witty . I love you review . by the end I always feel like I have read the book . wendy that account for the drop in sale . ( continued ) 97 98 99 8/21/13 73 . continued : ( 4 ) 97 peter oh , I download ebook all the time . wendy I like to hold a book in my hand . peter I too . when it 's the right book . he guide a spoonful of sorbet to she lip . peter ( cont would ) try the blood orange . omitted 98 int . wendy'' bedroom - later — night 99 on wendy'' face - tense and miserable , as Peter thrust into she slowly , methodically , punctuate each stroke with " mmm " 's and " ooo " 's and weird chortle , as if he 's enjoy a good fondue . later another position , same rhythm , same sound . now she 's get sore . later another position . she glance at the bedside clock : two a.m . now she 's alarmed . wendy be not you ever go to come ? he stop , smile affably . peter no . I practise tantric sex . wendy can we stop , then ? peter sure . he pull out , lie beside she . she feel like she 's be flatten by a truck . ( continued ) 99 100 continued : 8/21/13 wendy Jesus . peter I be try to make you come again . wendy I be too tired . but thank you . ( beat ) so , when be you plan on come ? peter maybe next time . or next time after that . what be you do Thursday evening ? wendy I have a drive lesson . peter how about Sunday ? I could come on Sunday . wendy well ... peter what 's the matter ? Peter raise up on he elbow , read she face . peter ( cont would ) oh . you have someone . wendy yes . I do . i/e student car # 2 _- riverside drive - magic hour 74 . 99 100 Wendy 's car slide cautiously into faster - move traffic on Upper Riverside drive where it become four-lane . darwan you seem more comfortable now at higher speed . she do not respond . she 's withdraw , depressed , she usual spikiness go . ( continued ) 8/21/13 74a . 100 continued : 100 darwan ( cont would ) it 's time to put on you light . ( continued ) 100 8/21/13. 75 . continued : ( 2 ) 100 she find the light dial . headlight go on . shaft of light from oncoming car ' headlight slide over they face . darwan ( cont would ) if the bright light bother you , change the mirror . he flick a switch on the rear-view mirror , darken its reflection . she say nothing . darwan ( cont would ) you be very quiet tonight . wendy just focuss . darwan that 's good . make a right . but he miss she combative energy . he steal a look at she sad profile , wonder what he could say to make she re-appear . on wendy - lose in think . ted ( 0.s. ) the streetlamp look so shy in the twilight . wendy'' Pov ( fantasy ) - pan to the passenger seat where Ted sit instead of darwan . ted ( cont would ) like they have arrive too early at a party . and they stand outside , look up at the shadow on the shade , decide whether to go in . wendy it get dark too fast for I this day . do it make you sad , too ? ted ( nod ; softly ) mm. we feel the end of life . the goodbye . on wendy - she turn to he in anguish . ( continued ) 100 101 8/21/13 76 . continued : ( 3 ) 100 wendy God , Ted . will I ever be free of you ? her Pov - Ted point ahead . ted ( darwan' voice ) pass he . wendy - she attention go back to the four-lane road . darwan ( 0.s. ) put on you signal . give it the gas . wendy'' Pov through windshield - gain on the car in front , pull to the leave . as she pass , she see ted in the car , give she a little wave . and then she 's ahead of he , and he 's go . darwan ( cont would ) very good . you only need a little courage , and a little gas . int . basement apartment — night 101 darwan be reading a poem out loud , from the book he give jasleen . they be on the bed together . darwan " a perfect woman , nobly plan n would / to warn , to comfort , and command ; / and yet a Spirit still , and bright / with something of angelic light . " ( beat ) do you like that ? jasleen ( lie ) yes . darwan now you read this one to I . he choose a page , hand she the book , and lay he head in she lap with a content sigh of expectation . he wait . angle on page - a tear fall on the page of text . darwan hear she sniffle . he sit up . he see she tear - fill eye stare uncomprehendingly at the open book . ( continued ) 101 8/21/13 77 . continued : darwan ( cont would ) do not tell I you can not read English . jasleen I be fourteen Baba [ father ] take I from school . 101 darwan my God ... he do not disguise he dismay . she fling the book against the wall . jasleen no thing I do be good for you ! darwan calm down -- jasleen ( scream ) what you want ?! what I do ?! he lose he temper in turn . darwan you do not go out , you do not try to learn anything about America ! you should be curious ! you have a mind ! jasleen like Wendy ! she jump off the bed , head into the bathroom . darwan Wendy ? why be we talk about Wendy ? he get up to follow she . the bathroom door slam . talk through the door . darwan ( cont would ) jasleen , please ... tell I why you be so unhappy . jasleen ( 0.s. ) you do not never here ! what you do all the time ? darwan ( continued ) 101 102 8/21/13 78 . continued : ( 2 ) 101 darwan I be work . I want a good life for we family . inside bathroom - continuous - jasleen be huddle against the door . jasleen you do not want with I . I be stupid . I cook too much ghee . ext . drive test site , brooklyn —- day 102 darwan and Wendy be stand on the sidewalk in front of the pool with kid in swim in the background . there be a couple of car ahead of Wendy , everyone wait for a drive test . darwan ( 0.s. ) if you accumulate more than thirty - five point , you fail . now , what thing in the test be worth fifteen point ? wendy ( 0.s. ) parallel parking , break u-turn ... darwan ( 0.s. ) what else ? wendy ( a bundle of nerve ) go too fast . darwan or too slow . what else ? wendy not observe right of way . darwan if you fail any one of the fifteen - pointer , you automatically fail you test . wendy be you sure I be ready ? darwan Wendy , do not forget what I know : you be a very determine woman . ( continued ) 102 103 104 8/21/13 79 . continued : wendy my daughter call I mujer de metal . Iron woman . darwan Iron woman . do this mean you will do my shirt ? they laugh . darwan ( cont would ) now tell I . what kind of car will you buy ? wendy something cheap . my divorce be cost a fortune . voice ready for you . Wendy be startle to realize the examiner be behind she . wendy oh my God ... darwan ! darwan if you get nervous , just listen . you will hear my voice tell you what to do . examiner pull away from the curb , please . he pat she shoulder and withdraw : she 's on she own . from darwan 's Pov we see the student car pull away . omitted i/e . the drive test - sequence of shot examiner ( curtly ) start the car . Wendy 's pull out of the parking space and drive . 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 8/21/13 80 . ext . drive test site —- minute later — day 105 darwan see Wendy 's car return and stop . the examiner get out , advance to the next car . tracking with darwan toward the car . Wendy have she head bow on the wheel , she fist press the side she face . he quicken he step . wendy look at darwan with helpless despair . wendy I need a drink . omitted 106 omitted 107 int . bar —- later — late afternoon 108 at a table in a dingy irish bar , Wendy drain a glass of wine . darwan sit opposite , correct and dignify , a mug of coffee between he hand , ignore the barflies contemptuously stare at he turban and beard . darwan , read the sheet . darwan sixty point ? she lift she head to face he . wendy I do not taste it , darwan . no beef stew . I go blank . he 's disappointed , yet oddly relieved : now she will need he again . wendy ( cont would ) why do I ever think I could drive ? darwan Wendy , you next test will go better . ( continued ) 8/21/13 80a . 108 continued : 108 wendy I do not belong on the road . I be only train to do one trick : ignore everything and everybody around I . ( continued ) 108 continued : he glance 8/21/13. 81 . ( 2 ) 108 wendy ( cont would ) you know , there 's a reason some people be alone : because they deserve to be . I ignore my husband . I ignore my daughter . no wonder he cheat on I . I mean , I openly cheat on they . because my first and foremost love be for word . word ! I wrap myself in they . and then I look at you . up . there 's a thousand thing in this world to divide two people , but you and jasleen manage to be one spirit . whew ! ( call to waitress ) miss ! she gesture she glass for a refill , well on she way to a good drunk . then she lean in closer . wendy ( cont would ) just tell I : if she ever disappointed you , if she ever fall short in some way ... would you ever cheat on she ? darwan no . I would never . wendy well , darwan , you be a good man . you give I faith . he drop he eye to he coffee . in the silence , the waitress set down Wendy 's wine and depart . he do not look up . wendy ( cont would ) I do not even want this . she push she glass away abruptly . darwan ( softly ) I do not know how to talk to she . ( continued ) 108 109 8/21/13 82 . continued : ( 3 ) 108 her turn to be silent . almost afraid to breathe , she wait for more . darwan ( cont would ) she 's not educate . we do not like the same thing at all . she 's scared of America . she 's scared of I . she hide . you know word , Wendy . what do I say ? she think . when she speak at last , it 's from the bruise heart . wendy that you will never stop try . that you will fight for she . every day , you will try to cross the divide . tell she she 's worth it . darwan be this what you want to hear from he ? she sigh , averting she eye to hold tear at bay . wendy not word . you know what I miss ? the way he touch my face . just ... hold my face between he two hand . as if I be treasure . they sit , as still as two people in prayer , allow she sorrow to fill up the silence . I / e_ student car # 2 - later - night 109 darwan pull the car up in front of Wendy 's house . wendy ( rummages in purse ) shit . can you come inside ? I leave my checkbook at home . darwan you can pay I next time . wendy ( get out ) no next time . I be do with drive . 110 8/21/13 83. int . front hall - minute later - night 110 Wendy write out a check while darwan try to persuade she . darwan you should not give up . you only need a little more practise . wendy I do not have it in I , darwan . I be sorry . she hand he the check . darwan you make I say goodbye . wendy ( suddenly uncertain ) I guess ... yeah . he bow reluctantly , namaste , he palm together . wendy ( cont would ) thank you . you do you best . darwan not enough . a beat . he slowly bring he hand toward she . and gently touch the side of she face . as if she be treasure . she release a pain breath . she turn she face into he touch , lean one cheek on he palm . he pull he hand away . his face show the struggle within . darwan ( cont would ) Goodbye , Wendy . Wendy watch as he leave . fade out . int . bathroom , basement apartment — day 111 jasleen reach open the cabinet under the sink , take out a box of sanitary napkin she bring from India with punjabi write all over it . the box be empty . her brow tighten with dismay . 112 8/21/13 84 . int . duane reade pharmacy —- later — day 112 jasleen wander the long aisle of the drugstore , try to compare the picture on she box to that on the shelf . a male employee make no attempt to help , look at she sikh clothes and veil with contempt . she round the corner , approach a female employee and show she the box . jasleen where be ...? employee I can not read that . a hand snatch the box away . it 's another sikh woman ( mata , 40ish ) . mata you see the picture ! you know what she want ! employee no mar 'am . mata you work here and you do not know where be the sanitary napkin ! mata 's raise voice get the attention of the manager , who look over . employee aisle five . mata grab jasleen 's hand , pull she toward the right aisle . mata they be so rude here . you have to demand you respect in America ! where be you from ? jasleen dadiala . mata my uncle life there ! why do not I see you at gurdwara , darling ? 113 114 8/21/13 85 . ext . basement apartment — later — magic hour 113 darwan pull up in he taxi . he go to he front door , then hesitates , surprised to hear women chatter within . int . basement apartment — continuous - magic hour 114 darwan enter to find five sikh women occupy the couch , all yakking with jasleen . he recognize one . darwan mata ! hello . mata ( be : jasleen ) darwan Singh ! why do you shut up this pearl in the house ? darwan ( on the spot ; smile ) I assure you she 's free to go anywhere . mata ( to jasleen ) what a husband ! leave you alone all the time . do not worry , darling , we make we own fun here , we do not need he . jasleen cast a anxious look at darwan , get up to go to the kitchen . jasleen I make dinner . darwan never mind . enjoy you new friend . ( go to door ) I will pick up something to eat . sikh woman ( call after he ) that 's right , leave she to we . you will not recognize she when we be do with she ! the woman hoot with laughter . jasleen grin . 8/21/13 86. int . wendy'' new apartment — day 115 panning over packing carton - they flap open , revealing hundred of book wait to be put on shelf . another angle - tasha help Wendy unpack in she new , bare apartment . the dark , hermetic burrow of she old townhouse have be replace by open space and tall window . tasha whew ! there 's so much ... stuff . wendy believe I , I throw out ton . Wendy put she arm around she daughter . wendy ( cont would ) bless you for help . but have not you better get on the road ? it 's a long drive . tasha Mom ... I think I will not go back . ( off Wendy 's surprise ) I love farming but ... mainly I want to be close to this guy , and then he suddenly decide to go back to Dartmouth , and so now I be alone and all the other kid be go ... wendy so - what ? you want to go back to school , too ? be not it too late for the semester ? tasha yeah ... maybe I will not go back at all . tasha 's voice catch ; tear in she eye ; swallow a sob . tasha ( cont would ) I be just so embarrassed ... wendy ( embrace she ) baby ... tasha can I stay here with you ? ( continued ) 8/21/13 115 continued : wendy ( gently ) tasha . no . and not because I would not love it . but if you move in here it will be in a spirit of failure . and that be deadly . finish this thing out . go back to vermont and harvest you ass off . make it a triumph . tasha nod , sniff back tear . tasha back to the earth . wendy yeah , I think so . tasha okay . she hug she mother again , not want to let go . wendy I will visit you . I promise . tasha but it 's so far . wendy I will find a way . 116 omitted a116 int . office ( new york time ) - day wendy be at she desk on the phone speak to darwan . wendy it 's I ... CUT to : Al 17 87 . 115 a116 al17 8/21/13 88. i/e moving student car - day 117 Wendy drive through Brooklyn with darwan by she side . they conversation in the follow sequence be punctuate by long , easy silence : they be as comfortable together as a old marry couple . wendy how be jasleen ? darwan she 's very busy . she go to school now , take class ... they drive around Fort tryon Park where the leave be change in the amber September sun ... wendy ( 0.s. ) who do you think will win the World Series ? darwan ( 0.s. ) well , Indians do not know baseball . cricket 's we game . pass through Grand Army Plaza , with its bronze Civil War statue of General sherman ... darwan ( cont would ) how do you like you new apartment ? wendy it 's a adjustment . I be taste it . they exchange smile . later - pass through Carroll garden , with its affluent home guard by elaborate wrought- iron gate ... ... williamsburg waterfront , with its decaye artist - inhabit building and water taxi ... wendy ( cont would ) you be so quiet . darwan you be not do anything wrong . i/e. drive test site - brooklyn - another day 118 darwan pace alone , shiver a little in the fall air . he keep stop to peer anxiously down the street . ( continued ) 120 8/21/13 89 . continued : 118 he busy coffee from a STREET vendor . suddenly he see the student car return with Wendy at the wheel . the test examiner ( # 2 ) be in the passenger seat beside she . abandon the coffee and he money with the vendor , darwan break into a run ... wide angle - examiner # 2 emerge from the passenger side , stride away with she clipboard . as darwan reach the car , Wendy jump from the car and fling she arm around he with a little shriek of victory . i/e moving student car # 2 - later - day 119 darwan drive through Brooklyn , take Wendy back to Manhattan . she 's on she cell phone to tasha . wendy ( into phone ) sweetie , I get it !... yes !... 1I be not as nervous this time ... soon , I hope . when be the leave turn up there ? I have always want to see that !... as she conversation fade we pan to darwan' face : conflict , as they relationship draw to a close . suddenly Wendy poke he arm , break he trance . wendy ( cont would ) Park here ! she 's point gaily to a car dealership . ext . parking lot , car dealership —- later — day 120 a salesman stand with darwan and Wendy look at a red compact car . wendy it 's a good price . salesman you can drive it off the lot today , if the color 's okay with you . wendy I never think of red , but ...? ( continued ) 120 121 8/21/13 90 . continued : she turn to darwan . darwan Red be happy . it 's what the bride wear to the wedding in India . wendy but what do it say about I ? I be a hot little number ? hussy on board ? darwan it say ... he lean in and whisper : darwan ( cont would ) " do not fuck with I . " they both break up giggling , they head together . the salesman eye they , think they be certainly the oddest couple he 's see in a while . int . salesman' cubicle - later - day the salesman prepare the paperwork at he desk . darwan and Wendy sit opposite . salesman so , who be purchase the vehicle , you or you wife ? darwan ( take aback ) she 's -- she 's not my wife . salesman but whose name will the car be under , sir ? darwan really , we be not together . wendy ( teasing ) honey , it 's okay . ( to salesman ) I be buy it . 120 121 122 8/21/13 91 . ext . parking lot , car dealership - later —- late afternoon 122 the salesman lead they back to the little red car and ceremoniously hand Wendy she new car key . darwan clap in applause . Wendy beam . it 's like a birthday . the salesman return inside . Wendy open she car door . wendy wait . how do I get home ? darwan you can follow I to the bridge . she still do not get in . they be both reluctant , now that this moment be here . wendy darwan ... thank you . ( smile ) I will be hearing you voice in my head for a long time . darwan that would please I . wendy well ... here go ! she turn to climb inside she new car . his formality crumble ; he hold she back ; word rush from he heedlessly ; he know he 's begging but can not stop himself : darwan Wendy -- could we go somewhere ? we can celebrate , have dinner -- please -- she 's already shaking she head . darwan ( cont would ) or have coffee some time , just to chat -- wendy I can not . it cost she to refuse he , and she eye show she regret . darwan I want to see you again . ( continued ) 122 123 124 125 8/21/13 92 . continued : 122 wendy I know . she quickly wrap she arm around he neck , hugging he close . his heart open wide and he press himself to she . then she pull away . wendy ( cont would ) the trouble be ... darwan what ? why ? she lean in and give he a soft kiss on the cheek . then : wendy .«.. you be a good man . ( smile ) you be my faith . he look on forlornly as she get into she new car , put the key in the ignition . darwan Wendy . she look up . darwan ( cont would ) ( he voice rough with emotion ) seat belt first . ext . sequence of shot , brooklyn - later - late afternoon 123 the little red car follow the student car toward the Brooklyn Bridge . the Student car turn to go to queen as the little red car go over the bridge . omitted 124 int . prayer room , gurdwara - later - magic hour 125 darwan enter . there 's a crowd , mostly man arrive after work . darwan see a open spot next to a woman . he make a move toward it , then stop short . ( continued ) 125 126 8/21/13 93 . continued : 125 he realize it 's jasleen . her eye be downcast in prayer , she lip move . he be strike by the simple , heartfelt devotion in she face . a image out of the old country . he retreat so she will not see he . int . basement apartment —- later — nightfall 126 jasleen enter , she arm of with school book and grocery bag . she stop short , see darwan seat on the bed . he 's very still , just look at she . jasleen ( much improve English ) darwan , I do not expect you . something in he manner make she put down she bag and sit quickly beside he . darwan jasleen ... maybe I will not work at night anymore . would you like that ? jasleen oh , yes ! a beat . he drop he eye , feel he awkwardness , he stubborn formality . he must gather he courage to " cross the divide , " as Wendy would say . jasleen ( cont would ) darwan ? he look up . jasleen ( cont would ) if you have more time now ... can you teach I to drive ? he light up . gazing at she with a warmth and a need she have not see before , he stretch he hand to she face . darwan yes . his finger touch she cheek tenderly , as if she be treasure . her dark eye shine , and she lean she face gratefully into he palm ... end music sequence begins : 127 128 129 130 8/21/13 94 , ext . wendy'' apartment build — day 127 angle on car trunk open . the doorman place she luggage inside . int . wendy'' new car —- day 128 her new key enter the ignition , turn ... int . moving car —- later — day 129 Wendy drive slowly , with grow confidence , through the New York street . her eye flicker up , down , side to side , use the mirror , read the sign , see the whole picture . fantasy : magically , more traveller materialize all around as if accompany and escort she into the traffic flow : a taxi , a van , a teenager on a scooter , a pedi - cab , a motorcyclist , a pushcart vendor , a bicycle messenger , a mighty river of traveller ; all carry , like she , into the unchart horizon ... and as far as she can see ahead , all the traffic light be GREEN . darwan ( v.o. ) go on , Wendy . you have the light . wendy take a deep breath . her foot presses the accelerator deeper . ext . route , vermont - day 130 wendy'' car skim up a two - lane road , enter the arch of dazzle autumn foliage : leave turn scarlet , saffron , orange , and crimson , against the turquoise sky , like the color of a punjabi wedding . fade out .