" leaving las vega " by Mike figgis base on the novel by John o' brien shoot script September 1994 title on black ; ' 10 p.m. - los angele ' dissolve to : int . smart bar in beverly hill - night it be the kind of bar where the well - to - do folk of LA go to pick up - or be pick up . lesser- know actor , agent and executive of all age . into this bar come Ben . Ben be in he thirty . he be wear a armani suit that could use a visit to the dry-cleaner 's . he have not shave in the last twenty - four hour ( but neither have any of the actor in the bar ) . he be a good-look man but be clearly in trouble of some kind . although still in control of he faculty , it become clear in the follow scene that he be much the worse for wear with drink . he look around the room until he see someone he recognize and then walk over to a table where two couple be seat . the man be young exec , the girl , both blonde and busty , have very white tooth and smile all of the time . the camera follow Ben over to the table . one of the exec look up as Ben get close . he recognize he but delay he recognition until the last moment in the hope that Ben be not look at he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN Peter peter Ben ... how be you , man ? they shake hand . Ben be not invite to take a seat and Peter wait for a while before be force to introduce he to the table . peter Ben sanderson , Marc nussbaum , Sheila , Debbie . marc Nice to meet you . | think | speak to you on the phone a couple of year ago . be not you both at mgm with laddie ? BEN that 's right . be you still at icm ? marc no , I be at tri-star now . BEN that 's great . say hello to Mike for I . that 's a beautiful dress , Debbie , and that be fabulous earring , Sheila . there be a awkward silence . Ben do not make a move and be not invite to join they . the girl smile . marc | gotta tell you , I be a big fan of you write . | love Bay of Pigs . BEN thanks a lot . | do not actually write it , [ just get the credit . |was fire . ( to Peter ) can | talk to you for a moment ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Peter get up and he and Ben walk to the door together . Peter speak very quietly . peter listen , Ben , | can not help you any more . do you understand ? BEN this be the last time . promise . | just need some cash tonight . | lose my credit card . the money will be on you desk first thing tomorrow morning , scout 's honor . how 's the new one come along ? | here you get Richard gere . the two man look at each other for a while . Peter 's friend be look at they , as be other people in the room . Peter take out he wallet and extract some note . peter this be all | have in cash . please do not drink it here . BEN yes , that 's fine . I will messenger it over to you tomorrow . peter | do not want it . Ben ... | think it would be best if you do not contact I again . and he turn and walk away , back to he table . CUT to black : title on black ; ' las vega - 1.20 a.m’ fade up on : ext . helicopter shot - day Las Vegas . a blaze of color in the middle of a desert . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary credit sequence begin . CUT to : int . lobby of expensive HOTEL - night a mixture of businessman and gambler create a sense of activity and superficial excitement . Music waft across the soundtrack , almost drown by the dense texture of thousand of slot machine , create a insane New Age symphony . credit sequence end . into the lobby from the street come Sera . it 's hard to tell how old Sera be - somewhere between twenty - five and thirty - five . she be a beautiful american girl . her face have the freshness of a model ina sear catalogue . she be dress simply in a short black skirt and match jacket . High heel complete the picture . head turn as she pass a group of businessman and it 's clear they find she very sexy . she acknowledge they glance with a half - smile and step into the elevator . she could be a secretary , or a PA to one of the many exec here in Las Vegas at a convention . the body language be a bit different , though . int . penthouse suite of HOTEL - night a view of night - time Las Vegas through a window . traffic up and down the Strip ; bright , gaudy neon flash and winking . we hear the sound of man laugh and the camera pull focus and we see reflect in the glass ... ..@ group of people . on the table be bowl of potato chip and dip and sandwich . the tv be on ata sport channel and two boxer pound the shit out of each other . CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary int . elevator - night Sera look at herself in the gold - tinted mirror in the elevator . she take out a lipstick and freshen she lip . some people get out and the elevator climb higher . we see from the indicator that she have punch the penthouse button . camera move in tighter and we see that she be nervous but conceal it well . the elevator stop , the door open and she step right into the penthouse . int . penthouse - night a bottle of scotch be almost empty . the man talk be yuri . he be Russian , in he early forty , a little overweight , a big man wear a blue silk suit . his thick black hair be grease and comb back . he wear a lot of jewelry , all gold . ring , a bracelet and a rolex . two man in business suit and a weird stone woman in she late thirty listen to he . yuri .. but please , my friend , call I yuri . it be my american name ... | pick it myself . the three people laugh . there be a hint of contempt in the way that they speak to yuri . first businessman where be you from , yuri ? | mean , you sure do not talk like you be from this neck of the wood . yuri smile at they . yuri ( silky voice ) no ... you be right , my friend . how very observant you be . |am from latvia . weird woman tough place . yuri script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary yes , | hear this too . but |am not a tough man . | be a simple man who be here to learn from my new american friend . the door open and Sera come in . everybody stare at she . weird woman ( turn on ) be this you friend , yuri ? yuri ah , yes ... Sera . the second businessman take out a small manila envelope from he inside pocket . yuri Sera be my gift to you , my friend from New York City . you may do with she as you wish in this beautiful room , which be also my gift for the night to my friend . you will find she a very willing girl , for all of you ... just as we arrange . yuri smile again as the second businessman hand he the envelope . the rest of they just stare at Sera , arouse by the idea of she . second businessman of course , yuri . | think you will find this just as we discuss . yuri get up . yuri so , my friend ... |have other business to attend . enjoy . he head for the door , pass Sera . she hold out he arm as he pass . sera ( whisper ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary yuri ... please ! can | talk to you for a moment . still smile , he take Sera 's arm and lead she into the bedroom . yuri my friend ... excuse I for just one moment . int . bedroom - night mirror reflect mirror . sera | do not want this . yuri , please . | really do not want this . you know | do not like to do group . yuri ( playful ) | want this , Sera . | need this ! sera please , yuri . he hold put he arm . Sera go to he . he hug she with one arm . he pull up she skirt so that she panty be expose . yuri ( seductive ) this be pretty . Sera watch in the mirror as he pull she panty to reveal she buttock . he stroke she there gently with he other hand . we see that there be two fine scar there . he speak gently , like a father to a daughter . yuri be this how you would repay I for come all this way to find you again ? driving through the desert to protect my little Sera . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary CUT to : flashback - silent - grainy black and white int . room - night yuri and Sera — different time , different place . Sera look frighten , back away from yuri , who pull a switchblade from he jacket and open it . CUT back to : int . penthouse - night yuri enter from the bedroom . the weird woman be do a line of coke . yuri ( cheerful ) Sera want I to ask if she might undress at once for you . she have a very beautiful undergarment which she would like you to see . angle on bedroom door Sera come into the room . she smile and begin unbuttone she jacket . she take it off and drop it on the floor , and then unzip she skirt and step out of it . Sera be now in control and play the room . in the background . yuri leave the room . weird woman ( strange voice ) come here . Sera walk over and something strange take place between they . CUT to : int . ben' bar . LA - morning the bar be dark but through a small window we see that it be script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary a very bright sunny day outside . the bartender read the Los Angeles Times . the bar surface be red vinyl . there be five customer , all single man . one of they be Ben and he be sit at the bar watch tv . a game show be in progress and the tv sound be loud . Ben finish he drink and grimace before indicate to the barman that he would like a repeat . barman pour he a whiskey — cranberry — and the camera move in closer to Ben , end in a close - up . Ben take a big hit from the drink and concentrate on the tv . we hear from the tv sound that it be a word game with a big prize . Ben smile to himself . ben' Pov of tv the talk show hostess , a american tv beauty , be show the audience the prize available in today 's game show . angle on BEN as he finish that drink and ask for another . the camera move in close on he eye . ben' Pov of tv she turn from the prize and look straight into the tv camera , which start zoom into she . at first , what she be say make complete sense , but then thing change ... hostess ( smoky , sexy voice ) just look at this studio , Ben , fill with glamorous merchandise , include a extra special prize choose just for you ! a big , bad , BMW motorcycle , complete with saddle bag stuff with thousand of US dollar . " there be ooh " from the audience . hostess so , Ben , ( toss she hair ) let 's find a bar , get drunk and go for a ride . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the studio light dim . hostess then we can get a suite somewhere and order up a case of champagne while we fuck ourselves silly . Close - up on male in the audience do the grunt . hostess this be it , just for you , Ben . she unbutton she top , lick she finger and make she nipple hard . hostess because you have be so patient , and because | want to fuck you , take care of you , and because there 's nothing else in the world worth do . section of the audience clap - some woman dabbing they eye . hostess tell you what , Ben , let 's go to Las Vegas . the bar stay open twenty four hour night and day . just you , just I , Ben , think about it , all right ? angle on BEN lost in he fantasy BEN I 'l think about it . he look back at the screen , but the show have return to what be know as " normal " . he finish he drink and then a attack of nausea hit he . he take a deep breath and roll he neck and he head . the barman put down a fresh drink . Ben look at he own hand ... which be steady . barman script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary you should go on that show . CUT to : int . smart business space - morning Ben sit ata desk with a phone wedge on he ear , a cup of black coffee on the desk . the wall be cover with frame film poster and one complete wall have shelf jamme with script . he nod from time to time and sometimes say ' yes ' or ' ok 's , but it become clear that there be no one on the other end . he drink from the coffee cup . a woman come up to he desk , a business colleague . she put a wad of message down on the desk . BEN yeah , but what 's the back end like ? by the time we be through with p and a , the above - the-ine be go to take it to about fifteen and with something like this ... | do not know if Disney will go for it ... can | call you back on this ? ok ... chow for now . ( to the woman ) good morning . woman ( cautious ) Ben ... Mr. Simpson be look for you . | say that you have a doctor 's appointment . he say for you to go in as soon as ... be you ok ? BEN ( pull himself together ) I be fantastic , but | gotta go out now ... very important meeting , could make a coupla million for the company . Ben get up and as he pass she he grab she and dance a few step . it be clear that she like Ben , but when he face get close to hers she smell the alcohol on he breath and she turn away . Ben stop dance and smile sadly . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary woman ( tender ) Ben ? BEN what ? woman you should go now . she leave the room and Ben go through some routine at the desk . he open a drawer of a filing cabinet and put in he whole arm , look for something at the very back . he pull out a small vodka bottle and open it and then pour the content into he coffee cup . with cup in hand he leave the room . CUT to : int . smart office - day Ben be sit opposite he boss , Mr. Simpson , who be very upset . he hand Ben a envelope . Ben open it and pull out a check . he look at the amount . BEN ( genuinely move ) this be to generous Peter . simpson ( close to tear ) well ... we like have you around , Ben , but you know how it be . BEN ( ashamed ) sure thing ... and I be sorry . Ben take a swig from he coffee cup . simpson ( try to cheer thing along ) well ... what be you go to do script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary now ? BEN | think | might move out to Las Vegas . Simpson look puzzle . BEN the bar never close . CUT to : int . ben' BMW , day Ben drive though beverly Hills . he pour the content of a small bottle of vodka into a empty Coke can , put the empty bottle under the seat and then drink from the can . he slip a tape into the player and we hear " Lonely teardrops " , by Michael McDonald , one of Ben 's favorite song . at a traffic light a cop on a bike pull up next to he and Ben take a pull from the Coke can and smile , mouth the word " hot " . the cop nod back at he , the light change and they both pull away . CUT to : ext . santa monica STREET , day Ben carry a brown paper bag which clink . camera follow he as he walk down the street . he look at ... ben' Pov a girl walk ahead of he in the same direction . she be walk she dog . she be attractive from behind . we hear Ben 's thought . BEN ( v.o. ) beautiful , no just the shape which be nice , but the whole walk , the feel , the movement . this girl be pleased with herself . maybe this be the only art | can appreciate ... | script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary do not know if this be good or bad , but right now she be really beautiful . when I be a boy it would have be really important that she have a pretty face , to go with this body , | mean . | still would like to see she face , but she beauty be no dependent on she face . the dog get interested in something on the sidewalk and she bend down to pull at its collar . BEN ( v.o. ) | wonder what kind of panty she 's wear . shit , that 's too specific , but ... on the other hand , you can never be too specific ... but then , the infinitesimal must be , by definition , as infinite as the infinite . suddenly the girl stop . Ben catch up with she and cannot resist look into she face . BEN ( v.o. ) God , she 's so young . the girl see Ben and smile a innocent smile , girl hi! BEN hi ... CUT to : ext . ben' house in sant monica - day Ben walk up to he house still carry the paper bag . a young boy of about thirteen year of age be fix a beat -up bike . Ben greet he . BEN hey , Brad ... how 's it go ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary brad hey Ben . there be a couple of guy look for you . BEN what do they look like ? brad suit . | do not tell they anything . you know anything about gear ? Ben take a look . the gear mechanism be all bent out of shape . he bend down to have a look . it be clear from the way he deal with this mechanical problem that he 's good with he hand . he do not try to force anything but he move the chain and gear mechanism to get to the problem . BEN how would this happen ? brad | be go real fast down on the beach and something slip and everything get jamme up . BEN the news be not good , kid . this bit here ... see there ... it 's break . you need a new one . brad ( upset ) how much , do you think ? BEN | do not know . I will find out though . Ben get up , pick up he bottle and head for he house . he look back and Brad be sit still by the bike , look totally deject . this really seem to upset Ben . CUT to : int . ben' house - afternoon script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Ben be naked and the shower can be hear in the background . the house be austere , only the minimum of furnish . he pour a large tumbler of vodka and take a gulp , then top up the glass . he turn on the stereo , select a record — mile Davis , kind of Blue — and put it on the turntable . he turn on the cassette recorder and insert a new blank tape . he put the machine into the record mode . he kneel down next to the deck and with complete precision put the needle on the second track without any problem . the music start and continue through the next sequence . int . shover - day Ben be in the shower with the glass in he hand . int . bathroom - day Ben shave with the glass in he hand . he do the area around he mouth first so that he can drink while he do the rest . int . lving space - day shower and shave and wear a smart dark suit , Ben look handsome and normal . he select another record and again set up the cassette machine to record . he turn the stereo up full and dance by himself while watch MTV silent . he try a turn which be a bit ambitious and lose he balance . in slow motion we see he fall . Ben lie still on the floor . he smile to himself and decide top stay there for a while ... fade out : fade in : int . serax bedroom . las vega - day Sera wake up in bed next to yuri . ( the camera be high above the bed look down . ) she be completely drench in sweat . a thin shaft of light come from the crack in the drape and fall across they body . other than that , the room be in darkness . to get out of bed she would have to climb over script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he . she lie still . yuri speak without open he eye ... yuri imissed you , Sera . you have be lonely ? Sera blink and turn she head towards he . sera I be older now , yuri . he put he hand between she leg , over the sheet and grasp she there . yuri you have be lonely ? sera ( tensing a little ) I have be all right . yuri | will keep you safe . we be both older . he climb on to she and mount she . familiarity . yuri you have be lonely ? sera ( flat voice ) lam lonely , yuri . he begin thrust into she . yuri yes ... so be |. camera move slowly into a tight portrait of Sera . sera ( v.o. ) | have a new dress ... we be at the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary fair , daddy buy I a ice-cream and | spilt it on my dress ... CUT to : int . doctor' office - day Sera be sit on a sofa talk to a unseen person . ( although it be no entirely clear when this be take place , the sense of it be that we be in present , i.e. all the event in the film be in the past tense . ) sera .. Mom be with helen , and dad look around first to see if she be watch and then he scrape it all off and throw it on the grass and then he kiss I and hugge I and tell I it be all right ... int . serax kitchen . later that day yuri be tucking into a hearty breakfast . Sera play with she food . yuri ( plan he day ) this be such a small apartment , Sera . | can not stay here . we will find a big apartment . you know how much money I can bring you . | belong in ... ( laugh ) .. wealth and luxury . he suddenly look up from he food and smile at she . yuri why do you run away from I in Los Angeles ? Sera say nothing . yuri because you be sly . mmm ? you know script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary all along that there be more money in Las Vegas . do not you ? Sera nervously play with she food . yuri you have nothing to fear from I . you know why ? because we belong together , Sera . do not we ? sear force a smile . sera ( quietly ) yes. quick CUT to : flashback int . room - night grainy black - and -white image . Sera on a bed , pin down by yuri , who have a knife . CUT back to : int . serax house - day yuri I be pleased with you , Sera ... how you have move up in the world . | show you a glamorous world when | take you off the street ... ( shaking he head ) and how you repay I . sera where have you be stay ? yuri with a old friend . he drop he fork . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary yuri but that be none of you affair . you will call this morning and book I into a hotel suite where | will make new contact for we . the mood have change and Sera do she best to move out of this dangerous water . sera you will need some money , then . yuri nod . Sera rise go to a kitchen drawer and find money . yuri ( become angry ) itis , after all , Sera , my money . sera ( calmly ) yes , of course . how much do you need ? yuri ( shaking he head ) all of it . |need to buy many thing ... all of it ! yuri be very angry and as Sera hand he the money , he hit she , hard , knock she back into the refrigerator . his ring cut she cheek . yuri ( shouting ) do not look at I like that . and then he anger go and he become quite tender with she . he take she face in he hand to look at the cut . yuri it 's not so bad . it be nothing . ( whisper ) ineed money , Sera . | need it fast . you must go on the street tonight . for I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he sit down with shaking hand . he suddenly seem more vulnerable than she be . he go to the window and look out , leave and then right , as if he expect to see something . yuri | ineed money fast , Sera . | want you back on the street . tonight . fade out : fade in slowly - SOUND first : int . ben' house - night Ben open he eye . the only light come from the tv . the mile Davis record have get catch on a scratch and be repeat the sane phrase over and over again . he look at he gold rolex and then finger the wedding band on he finger . CUT to : int . ben' bar . LA - night Ben be sit at the bar . he drink a large glass of something very quickly and then immediately order another . he drink this a little slower but still too quick , finish it and then order another . he look around the bar and see a woman sit by herself , thirtyish , pretty and receptive . she look and see Ben , and he smile at she . she smile right back . Ben talk across the bar . BEN ( charming ) good evening . pretty woman ( pleased ) hi. BEN I be Benjamin ... ben. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary pretty woman I be teri . Ben walk over to where she be . she be pleased that this good - look man have come over to make a play . she make a noise with she straw to indicate that she glass be empty . BEN I 'l get you another one ... and I too . mind if I join you ? she watch he walk to the bar . he get the drink and walk back to she . he set the drink down on the table and sit down . as he do so , he face get close to hers and she smell the booze on he . pretty woman wow ... be drink all day ? BEN but of course . she look at he , a disappointed expression on she face . she be no longer interested in be seduce by this man and this much be clear to Ben . BEN why do not we finish this and go to my apartment on the beach ? she do not respond . BEN we can watch a movie and I will mix you up a gooey blender drink . Ben wince at he own word . he shake he head . pretty woman ihave to get up pretty early tomorrow . I will just finish this and go . thanks anyway . they drink in silence for a while . Ben take a deep breath . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN ( pathetic ) | really wish that you would come home with I . you be so cute and I be really good in bed ... believe I ... you smell good too ... he stop and frown as he stare into he empty glass . BEN no , ok . Ben try to stand and have to pull himself up by hold the bar . it 's a strange thing with drunk like Ben ... when they be up they have balance and timing , but when they be down it all fall apart . she start to speak but then do not . a look of great sadness come over she . pretty woman ihave to go now . thanks anyway . she stand to go . pretty woman maybe you should not drink so much . she walk to the door and Ben turn to the bar , watch by the barman , who be a little concerned . BEN ( to himself ) maybe | should not breathe so much , teri . ha ... ha . barman ( sever voice ) time to go , buddy ... we be close up . Ben get out he wallet but he hand be shaking so much that he cannot extract any bill . he be very embarrassed and try again , but to no avail . BEN script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary would you ...? the barman shake he head in disgust as he go into the wallet and take some money . CUT to : ext . LA street - night Ben be cruise in he car , listen to music on he stereo . CUT to : int . strip club - night Ben come into the club and sit down next to the stage , where a dancer be do she thing accompany by a live blue trio . a swimsuit waitress come to the table . waitress there 's a one-drink minimum per show , | hope you see the sign when you come in . anyway , they be suppose to tell you . BEN yes , | hear , and it 's not a problem . waitress what do you want ? BEN what be my choice ? waitress everything 's ten dollar , and there 's no alcohol . BEN no alcohol ? waitress no alcohol . you gotta get something else . everything 's ten dollar . what do you want ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN what do you think | should get ? waitress non-alcoholic malt beverage ? BEN .. noooo. waitress Orange soda ? BEN no. waitress coffee ? BEN no. waitress sparkle apple cider ? BEN no. waitress Water ? BEN Water ? waitress one drink minimum per show . everything 's ten dollar . now ... tell I what you want or I will eighty - six you . BEN ( decide ) Water . she write down w.a.t.e.r. and walk away . Ben call she script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary back . BEN just how much would it cost for you to eighty - six I ? angle on the stage a tough black girl dance in a world of she own , impervious to the man who stare at she . the trio grind out a dirty blue . a man opposite Ben place a dollar bill on the stage and as the dancer squat down to pick it up he stare between she leg and wink . the waitress put down a styrofoam cup and a bottle of water in front of Ben but refuse to look at he . waitress ( hostile ) Three -fifty . Ben put down a hundred on to she tray . BEN ( polite ) could | have fives please ? keep one for yourself . this throw the waitress for a loop . CUT to : int . bathroom of strip club - night Ben drink all of a fifth of bourbon . other guy come and go , pissing against the urinal . Ben offer one of the guy a drink , the pianist from the trio . he take a shot . CUT to : int . strip club - night Ben sit next to another man watch the show . on stage a tall blonde dance with she own reflection in a mirror . Ben turn to he neighbor . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN to I nothing be more beautiful than the relationship between the reflection of a woman and the woman who have create it . neighbor ( completely uninterested ) no shit ! ext . LA street - night Ben drive in he car . CUT to : ext . sunset boulevard - later that night Ben be cruise in he car , listen to ' Lonely teardrops 's again . he 's look for a prostitute . he see a girl , but when he slow down she duck into a doorway . he look in he rear-view mirror and see a cop car come up fast . Ben panic for a second . there be a bottle between he leg . the cop car draw level and cruise alongside he for a while , but then put its light and siren on and speed off , do a U -turn . Ben continue and then see a Hispanic girl and stop . he wind down the window . he be by now almost incoherent . BEN good evening . ext . kerbside - night the girl look up and down the street and then walk over to the car and bend down to the window . hispanic girl you wanna date ? you wanna date I ? the girl 's eye shift constantly from Ben to the street and then back again . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN ( cut to the chase ) I 'l give you a hundred dollar for a straight forty - five minute . you get the room . Ben show she the money . hispanic girl ( try to take he ) the room be twenty . you pay for it . Ben laugh . BEN ok ... but only because | think that the concept of surrender fit in with the big picture right now . how about over there ? he give she a twenty and indicate a motel across the street . she set off and he get out of the car . as he do , a wave of nausea hit he . he shake he head violently and then lurch across the street , cause two car to hit they brake . the camera follow he into the dark parking lot of the motel , where the Hispanic girl be wait . BEN ( slurring badly ) | canremembec ... if mywifeleffme ... or llleff she ... bufuckittanyway ... the girl laugh at Ben and say something in Spanish . slowly the picture get darker , until all that can be see be the headlight from the pass car on sunset ... and then ... int . ben' house - dawn Ben wake up on the kitchen floor . the fridge door be open and its light be what light Ben . Inside the fridge be one green pepper and four bottle of vodka . without too much effort Ben feel for he wallet and see that it be still script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary there , as be he car key . he close the fridge door and in the green light from the window he lie still . the first bird start sing . ( the birdsong continue through the follow sequence , which do not have sync sound . ) CUT to : flashback ext . sunset boulevard motel . parking - lot dumpster - night at the rear of the motel . next to some garbage hopper , the Hispanic girl hugging he and kissing he neck . he try to kiss she on the mouth , but she turn she face away . CUT to : int . ben' house - dawn Ben lie on the floor , think . CUT to : flashback ext . sunset boulevard motel . parking - lot dumpster - night the Hispanic girl kneel in front of he , unzipping he trousers . through a gap in the fence , we see traffic go up and down sunset . CUT to : int . ben' house - dawn Ben lie on the floor , think ... CUT to : flashback ext . sunset boulevard motel . parking - lot dumpster - night script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the girl take he hand and kiss it . she begin suck the finger , take the whole hand into she mouth . CUT to : int . ben' house - dawn Ben suddenly sit up and look at he hand . his wedding ring have go . he think about this for a long time . CUT to : int . bank - morning Ben wait in line to cash a check . he look unwell and be have difficulty stand straight . at last it be he turn . he go to the counter and hand over a check to the girl . bank girl ok ... four thousand , six hundred dollar ... one moment , sir ... she look at she computer read-out . bank girl that will leave five dollar in you account . would you sign the back of the check , please ? BEN ( surprised ) you could not cash it just like it be ? bank girl ( puzzle ) I be sorry , sir . be there a problem ? Ben pick up a pen and try to sign , but he hand be shaking so much that he cannot do it . BEN ( embarrassed ) well ... to tell you the truth , I 'ma script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary little shaky right now . I just have a brain surgery ... why do not |come back after lunch , when I be feel a little better ? we can take care of it then . CUT to : int . ben' bar . LA . - morning Ben seat at the bar , a pile of bill in front of he . the barman set down a vodka , pick up the empty glass and take some bill , shaking he head in disapproval . the tv be on , some game show as before , and Ben watch carefully , look for a sign from the girl , but the show proceed in its ' normal fashion . the only difference be that the hostess be play by the girl in the bank . Ben grab the barman 's attention . BEN | think , when I be do with this , I 'l have gin and tonic ... bombay gin and tonic . the barman lose it . barman ( angry ) you should be have coffee . do you know what time it be ? you be a young man . ( calmer ) it 's none of my business , but if you could see what | see , you would not do this to yourself . Ben be take aback by the emotion in he voice . in he mind , cynicism and the desire to cry fight it out . he hold the emotion back , and look down at the bar . BEN lunderstand what you be say ... | appreciate you concern . its not my intention to make you uncomfortable . please ... serve I today and | will script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary never come in here again . ( cheerful ) if |do , you can eighty - six I . barman sure , sure , | can eighty - six you now if |want to . stop fuck with I . | do not give a fuck what you do . he pick up a bottle of gin , fill a glass , slam it on the counter in front of Ben and knock twice with he knuckle on the bar . barman on the house , son . Ben look at the tv for a sign . none be forthcoming . CUT to : int . bank - day Ben wait in line again . the same Bank girl be there and she be deal with she customer in the same inanely cheerful way that the game - show hostess deal with she prize-winner . she notice Ben wait and a irritate look flash over across she face . Ben study she . she be pretty in a ordinary kind of way . we hear Ben 's thought as voice - over ( or maybe he say they out loud to himself ) . BEN ( v.o. ) be you desirable ? be you irresistible ? maybe if you drank bourbon with I , it would help . maybe if you kiss I and I could taste the sting in you mouth , it would help . Close - up on the Bank girl as she do she thing , efficiently count money , smile , perfect tooth frame by a cupid mouth . she be wear a white blouse through which frilly lingerie can just be make out . BEN ( v.o . ) if you drank bourbon with I naked ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary if you smell of bourbon as you fuck I , it would help ... it would increase my esteem for you . if you pour bourbon on to you naked body and say to I ... drink this ... camera move in tighter on she face as she chat with a customer about the weather . BEN ( v.o. ) ..lf you spread you leg and have bourbon drip from you breast and you vagina and say drink here ... then | could fall in love with you , because then | would have a purpose , to clean you up , and that would prove that I be worth something . I would lick you clean so you could go away and fuck someone else . bank girl next ! Ben take a moment to come out of he reverie . he smile and come to the counter , completely in control of himself . BEN I be back , I have get my check ... and baby ... I be ready to sign . he flip the check over , make sure she be watch and sign with a flourish . BEN there ... steady as a fuck rock , excuse my french . ( serious ) wanna have dinner with I ? she count the money out and glare at he as she hand it over . bank girl I be glad you be feel better . do you need a validation ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Ben look at she and smile . CUT to : int . supermarket - day Ben throw item into a trolley . garbage bag , firelighter and charcoal lighter fluid . CUT to : int . ben' kitchen - day Ben put all the kitchen utensil into a large garbage bag . Three other bag be already fill and the kitchen be look empty . CUT to : int . ben' bedroom - day Ben be stuff all the bedding into a garbage bag . next he open a drawer on the dresser and begin take out clothes and stuff they into another bag . he pause for a moment to take a drink from a tall glass . CUT to : int . ben' live room - day all the book from the bookcase go into another bag . then all the record . but he select certain favorite and as this sequence progress we can see that Ben be make tape of this track . as soon as he be do with the recording , he throw the album into a garbage bag . CUT to : ext . BEN be yard - night Ben pour lighter fluid on to a pile of photograph and then throw a match on to it . it burst into flame . he throw more stuff on and the fire blaze . a curious neighbor watch from a safe distance , not want too get involved . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary angle on the FIRE awatercolor , a poem to he wife , photograph of he and he wife , a Polaroid of a naked woman , he medical record , he birth and marriage certificate , divorce papers , strip of photograph from booth , postcard from Hawaii . two small child ( he ? ) . angle on BEN now the flame be high and Ben have to stand back as he throw thing on to the fire ... he camera , a engrave box , he wife 's ' leave behind 's clothing , a clock ... CUT to : ext . ben' house - dawn Fifteen neatly tie garbage bag and Ben 's furniture be stack up on the sidewalk . Ben come out of he front door carry a racing bike . he walk to the neighbor ' house and place the bike on the porch . we see a label say ' to Brad from ben’ . he walk to he black car with a small suitcase , get in and drive off . CUT to : ext . desert landscape with road - day a high wide shot show a small black car make its way across the frame . dissolve to : int . car - day through the window we see a dead straight road stretch to infinity . the sunlight be painfully bright . on the soundtrack we hear one of Ben 's choose tape , which continue through into the next shot . dissolve to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ext . gas station in the desert - day Ben be fill he car . a town car drive in and stop next to the BMW . Three man get out . they look like Russian mobster . Ben nod at they and they nod back . CUT to : int . car - night same angle through the window but this time we see Las Vegas at night as Ben drive down the main drag . a overdose of neon . ext . las vega strip - night ahead we see the light change , but Ben do not notice until it 's almost to late . the car stop and we see Sera crossing in front of the car . she give Ben a look of real attitude because he be over the line and she have to change course to cross in front . CUT to : ext . HOTEL forecourt - night Sera be talk to yuri . a middle - age man get out of a cab and yuri shake he by the hand and introduce he to Sera . he hand yuri a envelope and then Sera and he go into the hotel together . yuri look around thoughtfully before get into a cab and drive off . int . doctor' office - day improvised scene . ( 1 ) int . motel reception - night Ben wait to check in while the manager explain the house rule to a family of large people from the Midwest . manager all room to be pay a week in script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary advance , may service be optional , use of the pool be at you own risk , there be no lifeguard on duty . above the manager 's head be the name of the motel , the Whole Year Inn . Ben stare at it and then smile . ben' Pov the sign have change to the hole you be in. CUT to : int . liquor store - night Ben have almost fill a trolley with bottle of various brand . he be whistling and seem happy . int . doctor' office - day improvised scene . ( 2 ) CUT to : ext . the strip - night Ben drive . he see Sera and follow she , then drive up on the sidewalk . she see he . BEN hello ! sera hello . BEN be you work ? sera ( tough ) work ? what do you mean , work ? I be walk . and she walk a few step to prove it , stop on the passenger side of he car . they pause for a moment and Ben script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary be confuse . he be quite take with she beauty , but this be not go accord to plan . he reach into the car quickly and pick a open can of bee , drain it before toss the empty back on to the rear seat . sera be not it illegal to drink and drive ? BEN ( laugh ) that 's funny . ( seriously ) | wonder if you will take two hundred and fifty dollar to fuck I ? Sera do not say anything . BEN that be , if you will come to my room for a hour , | will give you five hundred dollar . sera maybe you should not stand in the road like that . you be pretty drunk . he bite he lip as he wait for she to respond . sera ( softer ) you be pretty drunk . BEN ( factual ) not really . my room 's not far . the Whole Year Inn . you can drive with I if you want ... she make no response . BEN ..or we can walk ... or I will give you cab fare . take out he money . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN whatever you want . she touch the door handle . sera why do not you give I the money when I be in the car , and I will drive you . it take a moment or two to register that she be say yes . he come around the car to open the door for she . BEN I be Ben . they shake hand . sera I be Sera . she get in . Ben get in . CUT to : int . car - night Ben hand she the money . BEN Sarah - with a h? sera no - s.era . they grin at each other . sera you wanna start the engine ? they drive off . ext . motel parking lot - night they sit in the car for a while before speak . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary sera I be sort of curious ... if you be willing to pay I two-fifty ... not that | mind ... | mean , I be ok with that — why be not you stay ina hotel ? BEN we can go to one if you would prefer . sera no , this be fine . | be just wonder . Ben switch off the engine but make no move to get out of the car . BEN well ... be here because I be a drunk who tend to pass out at odd hour for unpredictable stretch . I be go to a hotel soon . a room with a balcony to pass out on ... or off . he fall silent . sera umm . we can stay in the car for a hour if you want . but | really have to go then . it 's you time . BEN right , I will get you door . | tend to fade in and out lately . sera I guess | do too . BEN you what ? sera |sometime fade out . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN oh ... well , maybe we better synchronize we spell ... or stagger they . sera ( gently ) you be go to get my door . he get out and she wait for he to open the door . she get out and he offer she he arm . she take it and they walk into the motel . CUT to : int . ben' room - night as Ben close the door . Sera survey the room . sera ( amused ) what this room need ... be more booze . serax Pov there be bottle everywhere . Ben have go to a lot of trouble to lay they out in a pleasing way . BEN do you think so ? she turn and look at he , appraise he . suddenly she 's all business , in control , and Ben like it . sera mind if | use the bathroom ? BEN of course . she go into the bathroom . BEN want a drink ? I be have one . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary sera ( o.s. ) a shot of tequila , if you can spare it . BEN of course . Ben smile , happier than we have ever see he . he get she order ready and then he take a big swig from a bourbon bottle . he sit on the edge of the bed . the bathroom door open and Sera come in wear a black bra and panty . she 's act the hooker now , tough and sexy . sera for two - fifty we can do pretty much what you want . you have be drink , so it might be better if | get on top , but the other way 's fine too . | have some jelly in case you want to fuck my ass , that 's up to you . if you want to come in my face , that 's ok too , just try to keep it out of my hair , | just wash it ... and my eye , it sting . she walk to the table and downs she tequila in one . then come to the bed , where Ben be sit . she kneel , unzip he fly and begin suck he . Ben watch she , look at she reflection in the closet mirror , reach for the bottle and drink some , be careful not to disturb Sera . after a while Sera come up . sera do you want to fuck now ? BEN ( confuse ) maybe another drink first . more tequila ? sera ok ... whatever . she take the bottle and drink . she go down again . Ben script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary stop she . sera what 's the story ? be you too drunk to come ? BEN ( sincere ) | do not care about that . there 's time leave . you can have more money . you can drink all you want . you can talk or listen . just stay , that 's all | want . she look at he , confuse . she see a strange look on he face . it throw she . this be a turn point . both of they be momentarily expose . Ben lift the sheet and move to one side , indicate that she should come into the bed . she 's as confuse as he be . she get in with he and he hand she the bottle . CUT to : int . casino - night yuri be lose at one of the table . he continue to bet though , put half of what he have leave on one number . he lose again . he mop he face with a red silk handkerchief and place another bet . int . somewhere in the casino - night the three Russian mobster we see in the desert be walk through the casino , look for someone . CUT to : int . ben' room - night they be both in bed , drink . sera so , Ben , what bring you to Las Vegas ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Business convention ? they both laugh and Ben hand she the bottle . BEN no , I come here to drink ... myself ... you know ... sera to death ? BEN yes , that 's right . he look at she , she at he , not sure whether to believe he or not . BEN | cashed in all of my money , pay my amex card , gonna sell the car tomorrow . sera how long 's it gonna take , for you to drink yourself to death ? BEN | think about four week , and I have get enough for about two hundred and fifty to three hundred dollar a day . sera yes ... that should do it . what be I ? a luxury ? BEN yeah . and you meter just run out . Ben look at he watch . sera it 's ok ... nice watch . go on . talk some more . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Ben yawn , suddenly deeply tired . BEN in LA [ keep run out of booze and the store would be close because I would forget to look at my watch ... so | decide to move here because nothing ever close and because | get tired of get funny look when | would walk into a bar at six o'clock ... even the bartender start preaching . ( yawn again ) here , everyone 's from out of town so no one care , no one be overtly fuck up CUT to : later . side angle Sera be in focus , Ben be asleep . sera ( v.o. ) I guess | be intrigue by he ... there be a lot of stuff that | want to ask he about but do not because | do not want to sound too interested in a trick . but | feel as ifa relationship be be forge very quickly . int . doctor' office - day improvised scene . ( 3 ) CUT to : ext . serax apartment complex - dawn Sera get out of a cab and make she way towards she apartment , change out of she high heel as she walk . int . serax house - dawn script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Sera let herself in . yuri be stand in the shadow . she get a fright when she see he . yuri where have you be ? sera it be a slow night . | go to a hotel for a few drink . yuri hold out he hand for she bag . she give it to he . he find the money and count it . yuri a full night on the street and this be all ? sera like | say ... it be a slow night ... I be sorry . it be hard to score . yuri slap she . sera do not hit I . yuri what do you think ... you be sixteen year old on Hollywood boulevard ? yuri talk in Russian , become angrier , and slap she again . he spit on the floor . Sera fall against the kitchen table and pick up a lethal - look knife . yuri stop . sera maybe nobody want to fuck a chick with a cut on she cheek . she throw the knife to yuri , who catch it . she bend over the table and pull up she skirt . sera script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary there , go ahead ! she mimic he . ashower of Russian come out of yuri , but he do not touch she . he try to regain he dignity by put on a coat . yuri | could kill you . you know that . he go to the door . yuri work , tonight , bring I money , no matter the hour . and he exit . Sera be still on the table . sera | will yuri. | will . CUT to : int . pawn shop - day the proprietor be handle over some cash to yuri , whose jewelry be on the counter . he pocket it and as he turn to leave , Ben come in . they pass without take much notice of each other . Ben remove he rolex and show it to the man . CUT to : ext . STREET , las vega - day yuri be walk in the hot sun , sweat . we see he through longten heat haze . the camera wander into the traffic and we see the black town car crawl along behind he , three man inside . CUT to : int . doctor' office - day improvised scene . ( 4 ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary CUT to : int . MAIN bar , HOTEL - night a lounge singer belt out a fair rendition of a tony Orlando number . Sera sit at the bar , a empty seat on either side of she . she watch a young hooker in the final moment of pull a dangerous - ook man . the girl be aware of Sera without even look at she . the guy she be with look around and see Sera . the girl shoot a icy look . a man sit next to Sera : a conventioneer . conventioneer about ready for another drink ? sera yes , that would be great . be you she for the convention ? conventioneer do I look that obvious ? my name 's Paul . they shake hand . sera no , of course not , just a wild guess . I be Sera and that 's a margarita . the barman be already pour . the young hooker leave with she dangerous guy . she pause long enough to give Sera a nasty smile . the conventioneer pay for the drink and be a little lose for word . Sera try to help . sera so ... be you alone , or be you just use I to make someone else jealous ? conventioneer ( laugh nervously ) alone . alone . I be here alone . sera ( friendly ) where be you stay ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary conventioneer ( suspicious ) right here at the hotel . why ? sera ( move a little closer ) well ... | think you might be look for a date . conventioneer ( shocked ) a date . what , be you a hooker ? ( voice get louder ) what do you mean a date ? ( and louder ) I have get a wife back home . | just come over to talk for a few minute . sera ( quietly ) I be sorry , | guess | misunderstand . she look around . sera please do not raise you voice . | will not bother you about it again . conventioneer ( calmer ) sorry . look ... you seem like a nice girl . I be just sick of everyone in this town try to get my money . he get up . conventioneer here , have another drink . | gotta go . he leave . Sera be uncomfortable . people be watch she , aware that something have be go on . the barman come over to where Sera be sit . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary barman maybe you should give it a miss for this evening . he walk away . Sera finish she drink and leave . CUT to : ext . the strip - night Sera at work be look more carefully than usual , hope to see Ben . a huge silver limo pull up and , after some negotiation , she get in . CUT to : ext . the strip - night long-en shot of Ben , very drunk on the street . he fall and lie still for quite a long time before get up . he fall into the road and try to hail a cab , but none stop . acop car cruise to a halt and Ben more or less imitate a normal person as he walk out of shot . ext . the pool , motel - day Ben dive in and swim a length under water . he pull himself out and sit next to the large midwestern family . the father say hello and introduce he family to Ben . they be all very friendly . it 's a nice atmosphere around this pool and for a moment Ben even look healthy . CUT to : ext . the strip - night a limo pull up and Sera get out . she see something . serax Pov Ben sit at a bus stop , drink out of a cocktail glass . when he see she he get up , a little unsteadily . BEN | could not remember what happen script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary last time . | be afraid that | might have be rude , or mean to you . he look at she . BEN if |was I be sorry . sera no , just drunk ... but that 's ok . where 's you car ? BEN I sell it this morning . I be go to take cab from now on in . Sera look up and down the strip . BEN do not run away . sera ( defensive ) why should I ? | know you be not a cop , so whatis it tonight ? another two - fifty to watch you sleep ? Ben sit down , a little hurt . sera what 's up ? BEN | be look for you tonight . | do not know if you have a boyfriend ... he think . BEN ..or a girlfriend , but if you have some free time ... maybe we could have dinner . sera ( tough again , but script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary pleased ) be you serious . BEN ( deadly serious ) | think you know I be serious . I will pay you if you like ... but I would like to see you . sera no , I can not have dinner with you . and she hail a taxi , which stop immediately and she get in . sera the mojave Hotel , please . Ben watch the cab drive off . CUT to : int . corridor of HOTEL - night Sera walk along , check number on the door . she find the right one and knock firmly . yuri ( v.o. ) yes ? what ? sera I 's I , yuri . the door open a crack and yuri peer out . yuri Sera ! it 's ... he look around for a clock . yuri it 's late . int . yuri be room - night script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Sera come into the room , take she purse out and count out seven hundred dollar . sera sorry , yuri ... good night ... lot of trick ... | think thing be pick up . yuri sit on the bed . he look unwell and disorient . his face be cover with a thin film of sweat . he seem to be listen for something , because he stop she talk by put he finger to he lip . he look at she and then beckon she to the bed . Sera be nervous . as she walk to the bed , she begin unbuttone she blouse . yuri stop she with a wave of he hand . Sera be puzzle and frighten now . yuri seem to be derange . yuri have you tell anyone that I be here ? sera no . yuri suddenly hear something . he grab Sera 's hand and take she to the wall . he press she head to the wall . yuri do you here that ? he look at she . yuri they be talk about I . he pull himself together . yuri go , sera. ( whisper ) go. stay at home . | will call you tomorrow . sera yuri ... be you ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary yuri ( patiently ) Sera ... please go . he indicate the wall . yuri this be very important ... and | must listen . now go . they face each other for a moment and then yuri do a almost comic gesture to tell she to go . he hustle she to the door and shove she out as she be still buttone up she blouse . he slam the door . yuri ( through the door ) Goodbye , Sera . do not come back here . | will not see you again . Sera stand there for a while , almost in shock , and then she begin to walk . the camera follow she as she make she way down the endless corridor of door . ahead of she , three man be walk towards she , check the door number as they make they way . Sera do not take they in . they pass and turn a corner . we recognize they as the man from the black town car . angle the man have stop outside yuri 's room . the camera pan and we see Sera down the other corridor get into the elevator . fade out : int . ben' room at the motel - night Ben be lie on the bed watch a game show , drink . a cough fit hit he . he be very short of breath . we see how ill he really be . there be a tap at the door . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN no thanks ... I be fine . the tapping persist and eventually Ben get off the bed and unlock it , but keep the chain on . it be Sera . sera still want to have dinner ? Ben stare at she for a while . BEN yes . sera ihave to change and take a shower first . if you want to come home and wait . Ben open the door . sera we should pick up a bottle of tequila on the way . | owe you one . BEN you do ? CUT to : int . serax house - night Sera be finish in the shower and Ben be sit at the kitchen table . he get up and walk around the house , try to get a sense of she . the furniture be very plain and there be spartan quality about the hose . he look with interest at the bookshelf , which have a good selection of literature . BEN ( to himself ) this be the home of a angel . sera you ok out there ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN yes . take you time . I be fine . he pour himself another drink . sera pour yourself another drink . he sit down and she come in , toweling she hair . sera you ok ? BEN of course . wow ... you look extremely beautiful . sera thank you . what time be it ? BEN do not know . my watch go the way of the car . he hold up he empty wrist for she to see . then look up and see she watch he . BEN I be rambling . | really like you . you make I want to talk ... | do not know what time it be . sera llike hearing you talk . ( businesslike ) if you feel up to a short walk , there 's a place to eat around the corner . all the food in Vegas be terrible so the place do not really matter . how do that sound to you ? BEN do they have drink ? CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ext . the strip - night Ben and Sera walk and talk . int . restaurant - night Ben and Sera be eat . he play with he food , eat very little of it . finally he push it away and order another drink . sera I be from the East . | go to college , do a art course . | now live in Vegas . | think of it as home . | come here deliberately to carve outa life . |was in LA before , but I will come back to that later . ( pause ) the tough time be behind I now . | can deal with the bad thing that happen . there will always be dark character . but my life be good . it be as | would want it to be . so , why be you a drunk ? BEN ls that really what you want to ask I ? sera yes . BEN ( worried ) well , then | guess this be we first date ... or we last . until now , | be not sure it be either . sera very clever . Sera think for a while and decide to give in to he on this . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary sera first . it 's we first . I be just concerned . so ... why be you kill yourself ? BEN interesting choice of word . | do not remember . | just know that | want to . sera want to kill yourself ? be you say that you be drink as a way to kill yourself ? and she lean across the table to be close to he , listen intently . Ben become uncomfortable and try to joke it off . BEN or kill myself as a way to drink . Sera continue to stare at he , want to know the real answer . he take a slug from he drink . she sit back . BEN we will talk about it some other time maybe . ok ? Sera relax and continue with she food . we hear she thought for a moment . sera ( v.o . ) it be not so important to I . | mean , he never ask I why | be a hooker , and that be impressive . | really like he . so | decide to just play my part . | mean ... it 's good to help someone once in a while , it 's a bonus to be alive , and that be my plan ... to stay alive . | suddenly come to a decision . BEN what be you think ? be you angry script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary with I ? sera ( decide something ) Ben , why do not you stay at my place tonight ? | mean ... look , you be so drunk . | like you . | trust you . BEN that 's astonish . Sera , look ... sera | hate to think of you in that cheesy motel . | mean ... and she fold she arm and grin at he . sera let 's face it , what the fuck be you do in Las Vegas ? BEN ( overwhelm by she ) I be go to move to a smart hotel , tomorrow if it will make you feel better . ( look at she ) let 's talk about tomorrow . wanna do something ? sera ( warmly ) sure ... tonight . then please stay at my place . BEN Sera ... you know I be not much good in the sack . sera it 's not about sex , Ben . I will make you up a bed on the sofa . do it for I . we can talk till late and then sleep till late . as you know , lam my own boss . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Ben laugh loud , the most animated we have see he , and he laugh as infectious , and Sera join in . other diner turn to stare at they . they seem like a couple . CUT to : ext . the strip - night Ben and Sera walk and talk , hold hand . ext . desert - day awide shot . the black town car make its way across frame . Left to right . CUT to : int . serax house - day Ben be asleep on the sofa . as he wake up , he become aware that Sera be watch he from across the room . they smile at each other . BEN how long have I be here ? sera Three night , two day . when be you rent come up at the motel ? BEN | do not know . ( sit up ) I 'l go and sort it out today . why do not you come ?... we will find a real room for I . you can pick it out , a tower on the strip . sera there 's no reason to blow all you money ona hotel room . BEN what do you mean ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary sera what | mean be that you should bring you stuff over here . we be spend all this time together ... what the fuck ! BEN Sera ... sera let 's face it , Ben , we be have fun here . I have never do so much talk in my life . BEN I neither . sera so ! let 's dispense with the formality . | want you here ... now ! BEN Sera you be crazy . sera so ... I be not too concerned with long term plan . BEN do not you think you will get a little bored live with a drunk ? sera that be what | want . why do not you go and get you stuff ? BEN you have not see the worst of it . this last few day I have be very control . | knock thing over ... | throw up all the time . ( look at she ) now | feel really good ... you be like some kind of antidote that mix script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the liquor and keep I in balance , but that will not last forever . you will get tired of it really quickly . believe I . they sit in silence for a while . sera ok , you go back to you hotel and I 'l go back to my glamorous life of be alone . she walk out of the room , and into the bathroom , where she sit on the toilet to pee . sera ( to herself ) the only thing | have to come home to be a bottle of listerine to wash the taste of come out of my mouth . I be tired of be alone ... that 's what I be tired of . she finish , wipe herself and flush the toilet . pull up she panty , she walk back into the bedroom , where Ben be put on he shoe . sera do not you like I , Ben ? BEN ( devastate ) do not be silly ? Ben be unable to deal with the fact that he be absolutely in love with she . he walk out of the room . she follow . sera we gotta decide this ... right now . before we go any further . you either stay here with I or ... Ben turn to look at she . sera script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ..we can not see each other any more . Ben and Sera look at each other for a long time . BEN Sera ... what you do not understand be ... sera what ? Ben be deeply troubled . he come to a decision . BEN you can never ... never ... ask I to stop drink . do you understand ? sera ( dead serious ) ido . I really do . ( smile ) ok . | have to do some shopping alone . you go out for a few drink and then pick up you thing . do not hurry and I 'l be back before you to let you in . Sera grab he in a big embrace that knock he off balance and into the wall . she kiss he all over he face and squeeze he skinny frame . CUT to : int . ben' room at the motel - day Ben be pack he liquor into he suitcase . the almost - empty bottle he pour into a large cup , which he drink from . the suitcase be now full and Ben suddenly realize that he have not pack any clothes . they be all in a pile on the bed . he talk to himself . BEN maybe this be not a good idea after all . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he try to put clothes in with the bottle , but the lid will not close . he sit on the bed and have a imaginary conversation with Sera . BEN listen , angel ... the thing be that I be nut about you and this be a bad thing ... because my real plan be to die here and you be never even part of my plan ... but like | say , I be nut about you ... wait a minute , ihave a idea , angel . and he open the closet and find some plastic laundry bag , which he put he clothes in . CUT to : ext . serax house - day Sera 's neighbor , a husband and wife , be stand outside she house . they stop she . they be also she landlord . husband we do not know whether to call the police or not . and they indicate the sleep figure of Ben , in the doorway , clutching a bottle of bourbon , use he suitcase as a pillow . wife he 's be there for about half a hour . my husband think he would see you two together , but | think it best to wait until you get home . sera yes , he 's my friend . | guess he just have a little too much to drink . ( smile uncomfortably ) I 'l help he inside . ( put down she package ) thanks for the concern . sorry to trouble you . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary husband ( gallantly ) well , call I if there 's anything | can do . they go to they own house . Sera open the front door , kneel down next to Ben and shake he gently . sera can you wake up ? Ben open he eye and look around with a pleasant , cheerful expression . BEN hi ! sera why do not you go in and sit down . | have some gift for you . BEN right ... ok ... Ben stand and almost lose he balance . he pick up he suitcase and attempt to pick up she package as well , but she stop he . sera do not worry ... | get them . Ben stagger in with he case . as Sera enter , she look around and see husband and wife at the window , still watch . BEN ( 0.s. ) want a drink ? great nap . wanna go out tonight ? sera seriously , Ben ... need to keep pretty low - key around here . maybe next time you could nap this side of the door . that be the landlord . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN of course . she reach into she purse . sera gift number one . and she give he a newly cut key . he take it and try it in the lock , then drop it into he pocket . BEN luse to carry a lot of key , but one by one they all fall victim to the great condensation . now | have just this one ... which be ... and he tail off and stare at the floor . she wait for he to continue and then come to he and touch he on the arm . int . serax house - day sera Ben ? BEN sorry . he shake he head . BEN iwas mile away . he see the parcel . BEN ah ... more gift . |have to sit down for this . he stride into the live room and flop on to the sofa . she follow . BEN Sera , | love that name ... s.e.ra . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary before we proceed onwards , there be something I need to say . ok ? sera ok . BEN I have come this far ... here | be , in you house . | want you to let I pay the rent for this month . all right ? and he stare at she as if to say that nothing can happen until this matter be resolve . sera why ? BEN because ... it 's better for I that way . ok ? sera well ... ok ... she be uncomfortable . they sit in silence for a while . BEN Sera ... |hope that you understand how | feel about this . first of all , you be welcome to my money . we can buy a couple of case of liquor and you can have the rest . but | do not think you be talk to I right now about money . sera ( smile ) no ? BEN no . I think you be talk about you . I will tell you right now that I be in love with you ... but , be that script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary as it may , I be not here to force my twisted life into you soul . sera | know that ... BEN ..and I be not here to demand you attention to the point where it change you life . we know I 'ma drunk ... but that seem to be all right with you . and | know that you be a hooker . | hope you understand that I be a person who be totally at ease with this ... which be not to say that I be indifferent or that | do not care ... | do ... it simply mean that I trust and accept you judgement . what I be say be ... that | hope you understand that | understand . sera thanks , | do understand . | be worried about how that would be ... but now I be not . and you should know that include with the rent here be a complimentary blow job . BEN ah , yes ... suppose sooner or later we ought to fuck . sera whatever that mean . open you present . she hand he the larger of the two parcel . sera open this one first . Ben awkwardly unwrap the present , a large , colorful shirt . a genuine smile come on to he face . BEN script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary very nice . he hold the shirt against himself . BEN this should work very nicely with my suit , which , by the way , be the only item of clothing | bring over from the motel with I . Sera raise a eyebrow . sera right ... the suitcase be clinking . so what do you do with you clothes ? BEN ( laugh ) I throw they into the garbage , which be perhaps immoral , but | want to come to you clean , so to speak . | think we could go shopping and pick up a pair of jeans and forty - five pair of underwear and just throw they out each day . sera ( smile ) Nice talk , Ben . keep drink . in between the hundred and one proof breath and the occasional drool , some interesting word fall from you mouth . she hand he the last present . sera now , try this one . Ben unwrap the smallest gift . it be a silver hip flask . he be very touch and a little tear trickle down he cheek . BEN well ... look like I be with the right girl . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he turn it in he hand . BEN | must say that I be very impressed that you would buy this for I . | know you would not do this without think about it . funny ... you do just what | would have do . Ben stand and try the flask in he pocket for fit . it be fine . he walk to the door . BEN I be go to fill it right now . sera do you want to go gambling tonight ? we could go out and play for a few hour . Ben come back into the room , take the flask out of he suit pocket and have a drink . BEN | have not plan to gamble ... but if you would keep the bulk of my money here , then | could safely blow a couple of hundred buck . he take out all of he money , peel off a few hundred and then give she the rest . BEN give you money make I want to come . sera then come . ( pause ) I be go to change . watch tv . I will be half a hour . and she leave . there be a slight edge to she voice and Ben be not sure if he offended she or not . he watch through script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the small angle of the door as she change . sera lam plan to go out and do some work . BEN when ? sera tomorrow night as a matter of fact . ext . the strip - night Ben and Sera walk . the camera follow they . he be wear he new shirt and look good in it . she be wear a green dress and mismatch earring and look great . they walk and talk . BEN ilike you earring . he change side . BEN | like woman who wear mismatch earring . sera well , then ... | hope we do not run into any tonight . BEN ( laugh ) what do you mean ? sera | expect some kind of loyalty here . just because | fuck for money do not give you cause to start pick up woman and leave I look silly . and she stop and look at he , smile but serious . BEN script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary and I only have eye for you . and we both know that you would never become romantically involved with a trick , right ? int . casino - night they walk around the huge space , which be full of people and energy , and suddenly Ben grab Sera and push she against a slot machine and kiss she deeply . at first she resist and then she give in to he and respond . they knock over some change , which fall to the floor , and Ben pull from she a beat to bend down and scoop up all the change and hand it to the bemuse player , before return to Sera 's mouth or more . they break for air and then Ben lead she towards the bar . as he wave to attract the barman 's attention , she squeeze he arm . sera ( quietly ) ilove you . but he do not hear she . angle on casino activity on long lens we see Ben and Sera at the bar . suddenly Ben seem to fall asleep . Sera try to wake he and then he go crazy and fall backwards off he stool , knock a waitress and she drink over . Security Guards appear and begin argue with Sera . CUT to : int . serax house - night Ben wake up on the sofa , fully dress . a nightlight give a soft glow . he roll off the sofa , landing on all four on the floor . he crawl to the kitchen , open the fridge door and take out a vodka bottle and carton of orange juice . with difficulty he get to he foot , find a glass and pour a drink . he swallow the mix and then stand over the sink just in case he have to vomit . int . serax bedroom - night script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Sera wake and Ben come in and get into bed with she . sera how be you do ? BEN very well ... umm ... |never expect to have to ask you this again ... but how do we evening go ? | remember get to the casino ... | remember kissing you ... that be really nice but everything after that be a blank . sera well -| be prepare for worse , but it be not so bad . we be sit at the bar , talk about blackjack . you seem just fine , a little drunker than usual , but nothing really strange , but then you head start to droop and | put my arm on you shoulder and then , wham , you swing you arm at I , and fall backwards off you stool into a cocktail waitress . you smashed everything on she tray , it be a real mess . you keep yell and yell . BEN oh , and what do you do ? sera I try to shut you up and help you to you foot but you keep swinging at I — not like you want to hit I , but more just wave I away . Security come and when you see they you stop yell . they want to carry you out and dump you on the street , but | talk they into let I walk you out . BEN that 's impressive . how do you do script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary that ? sera I tell they you be a alcoholic and | would take you home . | also promise that we would never come in there again . BEN we ? sear yes , we . BEN ( hold she hand ) what happen then ? sera you be ok for a while , so we walk for about a block and then you say you want to go home and fuck , but | think even you know that be not go to happen . we get a cab and you ask he to stop at a liquor store , even though | tell you that we have plenty at home . in the store you give the kid a hundred and tell he to keep the change . | ask you if you know it be a hundred . you say you do , so I let you do it . we get here , you fall asleep on the couch and | cover you up and come to bed . BEN | warn you ... ( kiss she hand ) .. but I be sorry . sera here 's my speech ... ( kiss he hand ) ..| know this should not be acceptable to I , but it be . do not ask I why . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary I sense that you trouble be very big ... and I be scared for you ... and so I be do what | think you need I to do . falling down in casinos be little stuff . it do not bother I . it have nothing to do with we . BEN that 's amazing . what be you ? some sort of angel visit I from one of my drunk fantasy ? how can you be so good ? she turn away to the wall and curl up like a small girl . sera | do not know what you be say . I be just use you . |need you . can we not talk about it any more , please . not another word . he think about this . he gently push she until she be lie on she front and then he pull up she nightdress and stroke she naked back . he kiss she in the small of she back . BEN why do not you go back to sleep . I will go out and buy we some breakfast . sera be careful . he stand and go to the door . BEN do not worry . as he leave the room , she call after he . sera Ben , I be work tonight . he open the door and smile at she . BEN script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary | know . CUT to : ext . sidewalk - early morning Ben get out of he cab and walk up to the doorway ofa grocery store . it be lock . Ben look at he wrist and then remember that he no longer have a watch . he look around , see something and exit frame . CUT to : int . rough english bar - early morning Ben enter and make he way to the bar . this be a dirty , dark place . a ageing blonde in leather hot pants be dance by herself at the jukebox . a very drunk biker couple argue noisily in a corner , slurring they word . there be not much gambling take place at the eight slot machine . Ben sit at the bar and the bartender slap down a paper napkin . BEN a beer and a double kamikaze please . bartender sure thing . anything to eat ? BEN not quite yet . first | have to drink myself sober , then ... a few cracker , maybe a egg and toast ... the bartender walk away to get Ben 's drink , Ben continue anyway . BEN .. then I will go home with the grocery and we will have breakfast together , and that will make she feel better about my condition ... Ben be interrupt by the arrival of the biker girl . she be young tough and pretty . she put a arm around he and press against he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary biker girl who the fuck be you talk to , mr? ( laugh ) why be you all dress up , honey ? my , do not you look fine . she run she tongue around she mouth . biker girl lam very bored with my date . would you like to buy I a drink ? Ben look around and see the biker stare at the two of they . BEN ( loudly ) do you mind if | buy she a drink ? biker fuck she . | do not care what the fuck you do with she . BEN maybe | could buy you both a drink ? biker fuck you . do not fuck with I , motherfucker . fuck off . go to it , she 's wait for she drink . the biker walk over to the slot machine and begin drop in quarter , never take he eye off Ben and the girl . biker girl see what a asshole he be . ( big smile ) I 'l have a rum and Coke . BEN barman ? a rum and Coke , please . the girl lean with she back to the bar , closer to Ben , who be face the bar ona stool . she bring she face closer to script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he . biker girl can | stay with you for a while ? BEN you mean move in with I ? be not this a bit sudden ? biker girl oh , I do not have a lot of stuff . BEN ( smile ) | do not think my wife would dig it too much . she move to he ear to whisper . biker girl maybe we could just go find a room and fuck all day . you would not have to tell you wife about that , would you ? | could suck you like this . and she begin suck on he lobe . behind they . at the slot machine the biker be still watch . his face fill with a drunken rage . BEN see , the thing be ... fuck you would be wonderful , but |am deeply in love with Sera ... the biker throw down he beer can and walk towards the bar . BEN ..and it 's almost impossible for I to imagine be with someone else ... the biker arrive at the bar and grab Ben . biker now listen , asshole , I be not gonna script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary just sit around and watch she suck on you ear . the biker be about to hit Ben then hold back . he lean in and put he face next to ben' . biker now , | know that she come over to you , like she do , so I be gonna pretend that you be innocent and give you one chance to walk out of this place ... right now . biker girl ( to biker ) get lose , jerk . the biker slap she and then grab Ben by the collar . biker what do you say ? Ben shake he arm free from the biker 's grip . he think about it for a couple of beat and then decide . BEN I be sorry ... but she and | have decide to spend a few hour together inamo - the biker headbutt Ben in the face , send he crash off he stool to the floor . his head crack against the tile floor . the biker walk over to he , pick he up by he shirt front and punch he in the nose . blood spray on to he face . the biker walk out of the bar . the girl follow he quickly . the bartender take a wet towel and walk over to where Ben be struggle to get up , hold he face . bartender you be quite a fighter . he give he the towel . bartender this may sound silly , but I be go script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary to have to ask you to leave . it 's what we do around here when there 's a fight . Men 's room be around the back . CUT to : ext . serax house - morning Ben let himself in with he key . he be carry a big bag of grocery . his clothes be bloodstain . the landlady watch from poolside . BEN I be back . he walk into the live room and find Sera read on the couch . she look up and see he face and he bloodstain shirt . sera oh , no ! oh , fuck , Ben , look at you face . you get in a fight ? | think you do not fight . goddammit . how do you feel ? wait here . sit down . she go to the bathroom and we hear she rummage in the medicine cabinet . sera do you stop at the bar ? she come back into the room , armed with bottle and cotton wool . sera do you say something stupid to someone stupid ? she go to work on he face , dabbing a open cut with some mercurochrome . BEN absolutely not ... ow ... |was defend the honor of some poor script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary wayward maiden . she think about this for a moment and then kiss he on the forehead . sera why do not you go and finish this in the bathroom . take a shower and put on you other shirt . I will fix breakfast and then we will go shopping and get some new clothes . | think this suit must be unlucky . CUT to : int . mall - day Ben and Sera come out of a clothing store . Ben be wear black jeans , red sock and a white dress shirt . they go up the ' up ' escalator . sera very creative . now we can get youa black bow tie and you can look like one of that casino dealer . BEN ok , but remember that they wear it because they have to . | wear it because | want to . that will make I look different . let 's get a drink . Ben somehow get on the ' down ' escalator , leave Sera on the higher level . sera Ben ? CUT to : int . shopping mall bar . day Ben need a drink badly but this be not the best place . mother with child , old people and a waitress with attitude . Ben try to order but become angry when she script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary do not bring it straight away . people begin stare . at the next table a dignify older man sit alone . Ben hand Sera a small package . close angle BEN there be no time for I to write a card , with you breathe down my neck all day , so you will just have to wing it , baby . he laugh and this induce a cough fit . he downs he drink and hold up the empty glass to let the waitress know she should bring another . BEN open it . she do so . it be a pair of onyx earring . Black onyx set in white gold . sera ( pleased ) you color . BEN | think you should wear one at a time . one of this ... and one of you other . in fact , | be go to buy just one , but | do not think it would fly ... as a gift , | mean . his new drink arrive and he take a swallow straight away . sera I 'l wear they tonight ... one of they . she look at he , aware of what she have say , wonder how he be reacting . she smile and Ben take a deep swallow , finish he drink . his mood suddenly change . BEN script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary yes ... tonight . put it on . she do so . Ben help she , bring he face down close to hers . BEN you will be able to feel it , sharp and hot under you ear , as one of the brother be drive you head , face down into one of the penthouse pillow . they be both suddenly deeply shocked by what he have say . they sit in silence for a while . Sera be close to tear . Ben get up suddenly , put down a couple of bill and walk away from the table . when he be almost at the door Sera get up and quickly try together up all of the package . sera Ben , wait ... please wait for I . angle on the door the dignify older man stand in Ben 's path and place he hand on Ben 's shoulder . man maybe you should wait for she , sir . BEN why ? man because ... you can hear in she voice that she really want you to . Sera catch up and the man let go of Ben . Ben take the package from Sera and the two of they step out into the mall . int . mall - day they walk together . sera script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary what be that all about ? BEN can we just forget it ? sera | do not understand any of that . BEN can we just ignore it ? they stop and look at each other . the PA system give a inane message . BEN please ! sera yes ... I will give you that . BEN thank you , Sera . sera do you want I not to go tonight ? BEN no ... we already talk about that . CUT to : int . serax bedroom - night Sera be prepare for work . in the background we can hear the tv next door . she dress carefully . Black underwear , stocking , heel , a tight black skirt . int . lving room - night Ben be watch tv and drink . int . serax bedroom - night Sera at the mirror , put on she make -up . her make - up be more pronounce than we have see it before . everything be script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary more extreme . int . lving room - night Sera come into the room . Ben look up at she and suck in he breath . BEN wow . she walk over to he and take he head and place it between she breast and kiss the top of he head . BEN maybe | should follow you around and ask one of you trick what it 's like to sleep with you . sera they would not know . she come on to he . sera maybe you should ask I sometime . I would be happy to show you . she go to the door . sera I 'l be back home around three . if you be back by then we can watch tv or something ... | guess what I be say be ... that |hope you be back when | get home . please be careful . BEN you be careful to . I be go to miss you . sera shall we go away for a couple of day ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN yeah ... I would like that . CUT to : int . smart HOTEL - night Sera walk through the lobby , look for business . ext . a STREET - night Ben lie down with people walk past and over he . angle on ben' face a big smile appear on he face . he start to laugh . fade out : fade in : ext . dessert - day a blue car drive across frame . the sun be bright . ext . desert motel , pool - day Sera be a very good swimmer and we see that Ben must have be quite a athlete . they look at each other under water . they be under water for a long time . Ben exhales . Sera push he towards the surface . Ben and Sera come to the surface . Ben have swallow water and have a cough fit . Sera hug he until the fit pass . the camera move in tighter on they and music give the moment a strange chill . sera do not do that to I . do not frighten I like that . CUT to : ext . pool - night script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Ben and Sera be watch the tv next to the pool . they be sit in recline chair . Inn the distance a coyote how's . sera year ago , in LA , | turn a trick on sunset and western . the guy be polite and do not argue about the price . he park he car and | take he to a house that | have a arrangement with . a fat mexican woman be watch a tv and | tell he to give she the twenty for the room . there be three or four small naked child play on the floor and we have to step over they to get into the room . the room have a bed and a dresser . he lay on he back on the bed and | put a rubber on he and suck he for a while until he be hard and then | ease on to he . about twenty minute later there be a knock on the door and it be the woman say we time be up . | feel kind of guilty because he have not come and | offer to reason with the woman and get another ten minute , but he say it be all right and begin dress . when we be ready to leave the room he stop I anid ... hugge I and kiss I on the cheek . he give I a extra hundred as a tip and go back to he car . | remember be relieved that | would not have to work again that evening . BEN last spring | happen to walk past a house that | have once patronize . there be a cool breeze blow off the ocean and through the window | could see a bare leg . the girl must have be take a break between customer . it be a strange moment for I because it remind I of my mother and despite the fact that | script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary be late for something already | just stay there , loving the atmosphere of it and my memory and ... the reason I be tell you this epilogue be that | feel that I would come full circle . sera where be that house ? the one in LA , imean . BEN fifth and mayflower . you know it ? sera yes . one of my friend be there . | wonder if you ever clipped she . they watch the tv in silence for a while . Sera hold he hand . BEN like it here with you . sera let 's stay for a while . BEN ok . CUT to : int . motel room - day Ben mix a cocktail for himself , then one for Sera . the camera follow he as he go ... ext . pool - side - day ..to the side of the pool , where Sera be sunbathing . he lower himself unsteadily into the chair but avoid spilling a drop of the drink , which he put down on to a glass - top table . he be pretty load . Sera turn over and move out of he shadow . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary sera I have miss the best sun . why do you have to pawn you watch ? BEN | do not know I would ever need it again . Sera get up , take a drink and then walk to the diving board . as she take a position at the end , she pull the bathing suit out from she bottom , do a very natural dive into the pool , swim a length under water and then come out near Ben , pull herself out of the pool in one move and bend down and kiss Ben for a long time . Ben respond and kiss back . there be no one else around the pool . the kiss become heat and urgent and Sera sit on Ben , make he wet from she . he push the top of she suit down and kiss she breast . she pick up the glass and drink , let the alcohol spill from she mouth , over she breast . Ben drink from she . BEN take this off . he try to pull she swimsuit down . sera maybe we should go inside . come on . she stand up , cover herself . Ben stand up , laugh , lose he balance and slip on the wet concrete . he fall backwards , half on to the chair , which he break , and then on to the glass table . the table go over and it and the glass all shatter on the concrete . Ben fall on the break glass and cut himself all over he back and he arm . Glass go into the pool . blood mingle with the water on the steaming cement . BEN whoops . Sera pick up she towel and lay it down next to he . she kneel and help he up , try to pullout the little bit of glass stick to he . Ben stand unsteadily . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN I 'l go and clean up . perhaps you could take care of this . he indicate the mess , then walk to they room . Sera begin carefully pick up the break glass . the desk clerk appear with a broom and a dustpan . desk-clerk ( cheerfully ) everybody ok ? sera yes , fine . do not worry . we will pay for the chair , and I will clean all this up , the pool too . desk-clerk do not worry . he begin sweeping the break glass into the pan , cheerfully ignore Sera . sera you seem prepare for accident . desk-clerk ( still smile ) yeah ... we get a lot of screw - up here . he look directly at Sera . desk -clerk now , you two keep you loud talk and you liquor to you room . check out first thing tomorrow and after that | do not want to see either of you here again . | do not need you pay for the chair or cut you pretty hand on the glass . let 's leave it at that . nodding firmly , he go back to the mess , indicate that the conversation be over . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary desk-clerk see ya in the morning . CUT to : int . motel room - day Sera come into the room . sera Ben ? she see that he be already asleep on the bed , he half - naked body cover with countless bit of bloodstain tissue . the image have a almost religious feel to it . the tv be on and a sitcom be play . something funny catch Sera 's attention . she laugh and sit on the bed next to Ben . sera | think we realize that we do not have long and accept it . my charm , for he , be that | accept he exactly as he be and do not expect he to change . | think we both realize that about each other . Ben need I and I like he drama . | love he . CUT to : ext . desert landscape - dusk we see Las Vegas lighting up . the blue rental car pass through frame and drive towards the town . fade out : fade up on : int . serax bedroom , las vega - night Ben wake from a dream . he be fully clothed and very agitate . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN Sera ? int . kitchen - night Sera be cooking . sera I be in here . you probably do not want to hear about it right now , but | buy some plain rice . | think it might be something you could eat . so if you get hungry later on , just let I know . Ben come in from the kitchen and take vodka bottle from the fridge . int . bathroom - night Ben 's hand be sweat and it 's difficult for he to keep hold of the bottle as he drink . he get most of it down and then he hunch over the sink and immediately vomit . he take the second bottle and try again . CUT to : int . shower - night still hold the bottle , Ben stand in the shower . he drink some more and close he eye . CUT to : int . kitchen - night Ben enter , smartly dress and smile . BEN I think I be ready for the rice ! CUT to : int . dine room - later that night script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Ben and Sera sit opposite each other . he have a bowl of rice , which he be pretend to eat in between sip of vodka . she have a bowl of vegetable and rice . she sit , silently for a while , and then put down she chopstick . sera you be pretty sick . Ben look away . sera what be you go to do ? she fold she arm . sera | want you to go see a doctor . he think for a while and then turn to meet she gaze . they look right into each other 's eye . BEN Sera ... be not go to see a doctor . Sera continue to look at he almost defiantly . BEN maybe it 's time | move to a hotel . sera and do what ... rot away in a room ? ( become angry ) we be not go to talk about that . fuck you ! | will not talk about that . you be stay here . you be not move to a hotel . BEN will you lighten up , please ? sera ( close to tear ) one thing ... one thing ... this be one thing you can do for I . I have script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary give you gallon of free will here ! you can do this for I . she lean right forward . sera let 's face it . sick as you be , I be probably the only thing that 's keep you alive . she stand up . sera ihave to go to work now . Ben do not say anything . he just stare a hole in he bowl of rice . CUT to : int . casino - night Ben walk by himself . he be deep in think . CUT to : int . casino - night Ben recklessly bet two hundred dollar at the crap table ... and win . as he lean forward to collect he winning , he see ... angle ..a blonde ina very low - cut outfit . she smile at Ben and walk around the table to pick he up . Ben put all of he winning on one bet and win again . this pattern repeat a few time and drink be on the house . blonde hey ... that be quite a play . you in for the convention ? Ben get to the point . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN I would like to fuck you . a few people hear Ben and the blonde be almost put off , but he do have about eight thousand dollar in winning and so she lean in very close so that she can talk quietly . blonde I be very expensive . BEN how much to lick you pussy ? the blonde pick up a sizeable stack of chip and look at Ben . CUT to : int . serax house - later that night Sera let herself in , look around and open the bedroom door . angle in one fluid movement the naked blonde get off the semi - conscious Ben , pull she dress over she head and walk past Sera . moment later we hear the front door slam . Ben come to and look at Sera . he be more or less unaware of what have just happen . BEN hello ... angle on sera her eye be wet . sera there be limit . BEN ( remember ) yes ... | guess | know that . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Ben get out of the bed . he pick up the bottle on the bedside table and stand . BEN perhaps | could crash on the couch for a few hour ... and then I will leave . he walk out of the room and close he the door . camera move in on Sera . she cover she face with she hand . she drop she purse and slide down the wall to the floor , weep quietly . sera ( v.o. ) | hear the door slam a couple of hour later and he be go . fade out : fade in : ext . STREET - day Ben come out of a liquor store with a large brown bag . CUT to : ext . STREET - night Sera get out of a car . the car drive off . Sera examine she face in a pocket mirror . put on more lipstick . CUT to : int . motel room - day Ben be on all four in the bathroom try to vomit . his thin frame be heaving . bottle everywhere . CUT to : ext . the strip - night Three college boy with beer bottle walk the the Strip . they be all wear the same numbered jersey . Nice middle - script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary class boy look for a adventure . they see Sera and go into a huddle before walk over to she . tallest college boy how much will it cost we to fuck you ? the other two College boy titter . Sera start to walk away and then hesitates . sera sorry , guy , but | do not know what you mean . anyway , | never date more than one guy ata time . smallest college boy come on ... we get money ... show she the money . the other College Boy get out he wallet and open it to show she . Sera hesitates , not somehow comfortable with the situation , then go ahead . sera how much of that money do you guy want to spend ? tallest college boy how much you want ? how about two hundred for a hour ? sera ( become annoyed with they ) do not you friend talk ? ( no answer ) try three - hundred for a half hour . other college boy ( nervous ) Three hundred for the hour . sera ok ... three ... and we will see how it go . where be you stay ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary tallest college boy the yukon , room twenty - four . sera I 'l see you there in fifteen minute . you can pay I then . why do not you all take a shower while you be wait . other college boy a shower ? in fifteen minute ? sera look ... I will only need one of you at a time . right ? understood ? so ... the other two can shower while I be there . ok ? they walk off in a huddle , giggle — three small boy . CUT to : ext . yukon motel - night Sera drink from a beer bottle as she approach they room . she talk to herself . sera where be the boy this weekend , Frank ? why , hell , Charlie , | send ‘em off to learn the one thing | could not teach them . she look at the number and find the room . she knock and a moment later the tallest College Boy open the door in he jockey short . int . motel room - night Sera step in . one boy be come out of the bathroom wear a towel and the third be sit ina chair smoking a cigarette , which he pass to the boy in the towel . the other boy be fool around with a video camera . the atmosphere be weird and Sera be suddenly alert . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the tallest College Boy hand she the money . he be very well build , a football player . Sera hesitates , hold the money . the tallest College Boy close the door and then lean against it . they be all stare at she now . no one say anything . Sera smile suddenly and put the money in she purse . all business . sera ok ... where 's the bedroom , and who 's first ? they all look at each other . smallest college boy | want to fuck she in the butt ... he look at the other . smallest college boy .. you too , right ? sera forget that . no one 's do that . you will all go one ata time . if you want I will suck you instead , but that 's all . then I be out of here . smallest college boy ( look at tallest ) you say | could fuck she in the butt . other college boy shut up . smallest college boy ( shouting ) it 's my fuck money ! sera that 's it ... take you money back . I be leave . the smallest College Boy get off the bed and come over to script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Sera . smallest college boy no ... do not go . the tallest Boy be still stand in front of the door and thing be get strange . the other Boy turn on the video camera . Sera lose she cool . sera ( to the smallest Boy ) maybe you would like to fuck one of you friend in the butt instead . the room go very quiet . the kid tear up . Sera try to back -pedal . sera hey ... I be sorry ... the kid punch she hard in the stomach , knock she to the ground . CUT to black : quick fade in : Close - up on Sera 's face push into a bloodstain pillow , she body be pound from behind . the naked leg of two of the boy behind she . we hear voice , filter , from a long way off . voice go on ... fuck she ass ... other voice look at I ... look at I ... look at I . a hand come into frame and pull she head up by the hair . a pair of leg move in . there be the sound of a punch . fade out : fade in : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Sera 's body on the floor . in the background trousers be hastily pull on to leg . the boy exit with sport bag . the last one turn out the light and close the door . fade out : int . motel room - dawn in the half4ight Sera get up and walk with difficulty to the bathroom . int . bathroom - dawn she click on the mirror light . her face be awful . one eye be swollen almost shut . her top lip be cut . CUT to black : int . cab - early morning Sera get into the cab with considerable difficulty . the cab driver be a cynic . cab driver what 's the matter , honey , get a back - door delivery you be not expect ? you gonna be able to pay the fare ? without speak she take out a twenty , lean forward and drop it on the front passenger seat . he drive . look at she in the mirror . cab driver oh , do not wanna talk to I , unh ? well , do not take it out on I , I be just cover my ass . what the hell do you expect , stuttin ' around like that ... dress like that ? you oughta be glad the creep do not nail ya . CUT to : ext . serax house - morning script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary as the cab drive off , Sera walk slowly to the door . her landlord 's wife pass and take in she face . CUT to : int . serax shower - day Sera be slump on the floor of the shower , she arm hugging she leg , the water pound down on she . CUT to : int . serax house - day Sera open the door and we see the landlord . behind he , on the sidewalk , we can see he wife . he be embarrassed . angle Sera , wear dark glass . she look terrible . her mouth be swollen and some of the bruise around she eye be visible . landlady I be sorry ... but we would like you out by the end of the week . CUT to : ext . whole year inn - day Sera get out of a cab and go into reception . she be wear huge dark glass to hide the black eye and the bruise . CUT to : int . HOTEL - day the desk clerk be wear a shirt of Ben 's that we recognize from a earlier scene . desk clerk I be sorry , mar 'am . he never check back in . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary CUT to : ext . the strip - night Sera walk alone . she 's deject as she look for ben. int . casino - night Sera come to a elevator and wait . she be wear a thin black top without a bra . her bruise face make she suddenly very conspicuous and vulnerable . a big man in a white stetson stand next to she . he look at she and grin . she smile , coldly . he take from he pocket two black , hundred dollar chip , place one in each hand and deliberately place each one against she nipple . other people see this and stop and watch . Sera look down at he hand and stare until the man become uncomfortable . stetson man what 's the problem , honey ?... you on strike ? and he walk away laugh . CUT to : ext . 7 - eleven - day Sera be sit on a freshly - paint red kerb . she smoke a cigarette and do not give a damn that she short skirt be somewhat revealing . opposite she a bum be sleep on the pavement . for a moment it look like Ben . the camera come in tight on to she face . she look more lose that we have ever see she . she drink coffee from a styrofoam cup . the sun be bright and hot and traffic be noisy . int . doctor' office - day improvised scene . ( 5 ) int . casino - night Sera come in and the camera follow she as she make she way to the bar . she have cover up much of the bruise with script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary make -up but it be still pretty obvious . in wide shot we see she strike up a conversation with the man next to she at the bar . close shot - the bar ahand come in to shot and grip she arm firmly . we see that it be a casino security guard . sera let go . what 's the problem . security guard we do not want you in here , that 's the problem . let 's go . and he jerk she arm . people be watch now . sera do not worry ... if you do not want I in here , then | do not want to be in here . just let go of my arm and I will walk out of here . security guard yeah ... we will both walk out now . he steer she firmly across the floor . CUT to : ext . casino . night they reach the sidewalk and , without relax he grip , he grab she between the leg with he free hand and say in she ear : security guard next time it will not be so fuck easy . and he push she towards the street and walk back into the casino . Sera be shocked . she look around and the group of people who have stop to watch the event move away . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary int . serax house - day Sera be throw clothes into a suitcase . the phone ring . she think about it for a long time and then it stop . she carry on pack and then the phone ring again . she pick it up . sera hello ... hello ... ( suddenly alert ) Ben ? where the fuck be you ? give I the address . CUT to : int . cab - late afternoon the driver be black and friendly . the radio drone quietly — a religious program . the Rev. ike be take listener 's call . black driver what in the hell happen to you , miss ? sera oh ... it be a argument . black driver leave he , miss . pretty girl like you could get any man that you want . int . ben' motel room - dusk the door open . Ben be naked . his body look bad . leave the door open , he retreat to the bed . int . ben' motel room - night Sera come in , close the door behind she . the shade be draw and the room be gloomy . Ben have get back into bed . she come to the bed and sit . sera Ben ... I have be look for you . have you be here since you leave ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary lot smell bad in here . it 's so dark . she click on the bedside light and be truly shocked by he face . BEN | want to see you ... sera oh , Ben ... you look so very sick ... my love ... you be so pale . she go to the bathroom and return with a wet face - cloth . she wipe he face . BEN | want to see you ... you be my angel . he sit up painfully and find a bottle , summoning up some last strength to drink . his entire body shudder as he drain the bottle . he put it down and focus on she for the first time . he see she damage face , touch she face , look at she questioningly . sera something go wrong ... I be ok . Ben begin to cry and that set she off . BEN I be sorry | put we asunder . she shake she head , unable to speak for the moment . she get into bed with he , kissing he face . she caress he whole body , which be shaking , possess by a uncontrollable fever . BEN see how hard you make I angel . she excite he with she hand , kissing he face gently . when he be about to come , she straddle he and bring he inside . as he come , he open he eye wide and look at she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary BEN you know I love you ... yeah ? sera ( she come ) yes . slow fade to black : fade in : Sera be sleep . a sudden gasp wake she . Ben be have a spasm . suddenly he body relax . he turn he head , open he eye wide and look straight at she . BEN oh ... I be so sorry ... he smile and turn he head away . he be very still . sera Ben ... Ben ... Ben ? CUT to : int . ben' motel room - night in the darken room we can just make out Sera sit on the bed , look at the still form of Ben . CUT to : ext . STREET near motel - dawn Sera walk . a paramedic van go past with its light flash . the soundtrack be empty — silent . we slowly fade in theme music and title start to roll . fade out : the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary