the butler by Danny strong first draft 03/17/10 Sony picture Laura Ziskin production int . gain house - day Home video footage of a African - american hand hold up a tuxedo . we hear the elderly voice of its owner : cecil v.o. this be the tux I wear on my first day workin’ at the White House on September 8 , 1957 . the video camera pan over to cecil gain , 90 , African - american . he be a kind , gentle soul wear comfy sweatpant and a sweatshirt . we hear the male voice of the camera man : camera man who be you favorite president ? cecil smile . he would never say who he favorite be . cecil I like they all very much . camera man even Nixon ? cecil I especially like Mr. Nixon , and Mrs. Nixon be just lovely . camera man what about LBJ ? cecil start to laugh . cecil well , he be ... different , that 's fo’ sure , but a very special man . camera man do you ever meet a person you do not like ? cecil think about it , then he smile slowly drop . cecil if the Devil wear a green bow in he hair , the good Lord woulda 's name he annabeth Lewis . CUT to : ext . lewis house - porch - day annabeth lewis , 45 , white , plump , wear a lacy dress and a green bow in she hair . she scream at a young cecil , 8 . chyron : 1926 annabeth lewis every single field nigger on this farm want to work inside the house ! why in the name of the lord and sweet baby Jesus should I take a puny little nigger like you ?! terrify , little cecil stare out at thirty black field worker pick cotton in the hot sun . cecil my mar just pass and my pa be go a long tim -- annabeth lewis boo hoo ! Little nigger do not have no kin ! give I a real reason , boy ! Little cecil shiver , terrify : cecil cuz...cuz ... I think yo’ green bow be awful nice , Mrs. Lewis . her face turn bright red in anger . int . lewis house - kitchen - day annabeth be in the kitchen arrange chicken with lemon slice on a ornate gold tray . cecil pay close attention . annabeth william when you be servin 's you need to be as quiet as you can . I do not even want to hear you breathe . a little scared , cecil nod . annabeth william ( cont ’d ) the room should feel emptier when you be in it cuz no one like a nigger . you understand I , boy ? cecil nod with simplicity , he understand . int . lewis house - dine room - night cecil stand behind annabeth hold a bowl of potato that she scoops on to she husband and three pre-teen son 's plate . cecil hold he breathe , struggle to not make a peep . annabeth serve with a distinct elegance , very delicate . cecil closely eye she every move as he quickly sip a tiny breathe , then look around to see if anyone notice . int . tin shack - night Little cecil lie awake in a tin shack fill with five other sleep African - Americans of all age . everyone be cramme on the dirty floor , barely able to stretch they leg out . lying on he back , cecil mime pour water . practice . int . study - day cecil pour iced tea for annabeth who read Marie curie 's autobiography . he put in two spoon full of sugar and stir . annabeth lewis this be the one day I do not want sugar . make I another . disappointed , cecil take the glass and walk away . CUT to - later cecil walk back in with another iced tea . annabeth lewis be there honey in it ? the look on he face clearly say no . CUT to - later he walk back in and place another iced tea next to she . annabeth lewis ( cont ’d ) I have decide I do not want honey , I want sugar after all . cecil I bring it plain along with some option , Mrs. Lewis . he gesture in annabeth 's stylish manner toward the tray where there be a fill sugar bowl , a tiny jar of honey , lemon and lime slice , marble tea cake and oatmeal cookie . annabeth force herself not to smile as she give cecil a slight head bow . he be stunne at the first positive gesture . annabeth lewis there be no stir spoo -- but cecil be already stir it with a silver stir spoon . he set it on a tray , then give a slight head bow . annabeth lewis ( cont ’d ) do you read , cecil ? cecil no , Mrs. Lewis . she go back to she book , flick she hand at he to leave . ext . lewis house - library - night cecil walk into the family library fill with leather bound book . he open a book and stare at the maze of word . we hear 90 year old cecil in v.o. : cecil v.o. I would never see anything so confusing in all my life . int . tin shack - night cecil sit in the corner as everyone sleep . use a candle , he place he finger under each word , silently mouth it . cecil v.o . but after awhile I start to get it . int . back porch - lewis home - night cecil be now 15 year old . he sit on the back porch eat grungy meat and potato next to the family dog , read a copy of ' huckleberry Finn 's . he look up from the book , sad . cecil v.o . that book end up be the worst thing to ever happen to I . ext . cotton field - sunset cecil walk around the cotton field , he look deeply unhappy . cecil v.o. until I start readin’ , I always think the world end at the edge of the cotton farm . int . dine room - night annabeth and cecil serve the family . annabeth set fish on a plate and cecil debone it like a pro . a well oile duo . cecil v.o. I decide I be not go read no mo 's book . annabeth have a huge fake smile , a servant in she own family . cecil v.0o . ( cont 'd ) but it be too late ... int . study - night seat at she chair , annabeth stare up at cecil , can not believe what she 's just hear . she look almost sad . annabeth lewis but ... why ? cecil I wanna see some of the thing I be readin’ about . I be savin 's up for almost three year now . her face become very stoic . she go back to she book . annabeth lewis that 's fine . leave when you like . she flick he away . he stare at she , surprised and hurt that this be it after all this year . he walk to the door . annabeth lewis ( cont ’d ) cecil . cecil stop , look back at she . there be tear in she eye . annabeth lewis ( cont ’d ) I want to be a paleontologist . int . freight train car - night cecil ride the rail in a freight train car with a knapsack . he stare at the barren landscape that fly by , enthralled . seat across from he be two grimy hoboe , white . excite by the ride , cecil smile at they ... they do not smile back . int . freight train car - morning sunlight beam in on a sleep cecil , blood cake he head . he struggle to wake up as he feel the pain . he dart awake as he look around - everything he have be go . ext . dirt road - day walk down a dirt road with a blood soak rag to he head , he pass a char abandon factory with break window . cecil v.o. I start to understand why they be callin’ it a Depression . a prison truck drive by full of black prisoner , all chain together . cecil stare at the truck , scared this will be he . ext . bread line - church - day a line of rag look white man , woman and kid , be line up in a grimy bread line . they scream and hiss at cecil . white crowd go away ! / leave here !/ die , nigger ! Little kid throw stone and rock at he . cecil run away . int . tin shack — day a rainstorm hammer down upon cecil who cradle himself in a small tin shack . Water drip on he head . drip drip drip . cecil v.o. I would dream I be clean gold flatware ... he look like he 's slowly go mad . drip drip drip. ext . country town - middle of the night cecil stumble in to a country town through pour rain . he peer in a window of a close country store , see grocery . cecil v.o. .+- and serve chicken au poivre from a silver tray . transform into a deprave soul , he find a large rock , pick it up to throw it through the window ... .-- but he suddenly stop as he see a glow in the distance . he slowly walk through the rain toward the glow light . the closer he get , the more he eye fill with fascination . he walk right up to a ornate glass window at a beautiful Southern HOTEL . through the window he see ... Three black men in elegant black tuxedo . they be place gold fork next to china dish in a opulent dining room . int . kitchen - HOTEL - day have clean up a touch , he be in the kitchen of the hotel . the head butler , black , 40' , glare at he with a meanness . head butler so tell I , boy , why in the hell should I hire you !? cecil turn to he with a warm smile , completely at ease . cecil I have find that it be better to serve , than be serve . the head butler try not to smile . int . gain house - day 90 year old cecil be seat on a chair , still be film . camera man when do you end up in DC ? cecil ah , come on now . I get to start gettin’ ready for tonight . camera man just a few more question . cecil sigh , resign . cecil I get to Washington DC about ten year later . I go there to enlist so I could fight in the war ... int . excelsior HOTEL - lobby - WASHINGTON DC - night a wealthy couple walk in to the grand lobby of the Hotel . wait for they with scotch on a silver tray be cecil , now 25 . he wear a black vest and tie , exude class and grace . cecil v.o. ... but the army be not so interested in takin 's negroe . int . wine cellar - day cecil delicately pour red wine into a glass decanter , a light candle under it to see the sediment more clearly . cecil v.o . and the negroe they do take , they only use for cleanin’ and servin’ . int . bar - night cecil shake a martini shaker with grace and style . he twist off the top and effortlessly pour the martini into a glass . cecil v.o. but I would not have minded . int . HOTEL suite - day cecil hang a guest 's suit and shirt into the closet , then check the button on the shirt , one at a time . cecil v.o. I would have be happy servin 's a Colonel escargot in France ... discover one of the button be loose , he pull out a needle and thread from he pocket and begin to re-sew it . cecil v.0o . ( cont 'd ) ... or pour a General jasmine tea in Tokyo . then , he hear crying in the next room . he peak in and see the shy may , gloria , 22 , black , cry on the floor . cecil what 's the matter , gloria ? she hold up a white dress shirt cover in a red wine stain . gloria the glass slip . ( start cry again ) I can not lose this job , cecil . int . bathroom - moment later cecil hold the shirt under the sink as he vigorously rub a bar of soap over the stain . she watch he , impressed . cecil there 's magic in a simple bar of soap , but it only work if the water be real hot . he hold it up , the stain be come out . she smile . gloria everyone say you real kind . cecil ah , it be not nothin’ . but she keep smile at he ... int . church - day gloria stand in front of a pastor , wear a wedding dress . gloria I do . CUT to - cecil . he be next to she , look slightly terrify . cecil I do . int . church basement - night a wedding reception be be hold in the basement . a jazz band play as dozen of people dance , drink and celebrate . 10 . cecil v.o. I do not have no kin folk there , but gloria sho 's make up for it . cecil walk around serve cocktail . gloria hurry over and take the tray . he shrug , embarrassed , just can not help it . she escort he to the dance floor as the band play a slow tune . they slow dance , forehead touch , madly in love . cecil should I bring out hor devour ? she shake she head , no . kiss he on the mouth . int . colored HOTEL - HOTEL room - day cecil carry gloria into they honeymoon suite , a dank room with dirty carpet . they look like they be in Heaven . int . colored HOTEL - HOTEL room - night they lie in bed next to each other , cuddle . gloria look blissful , but cecil seem pensive . gloria what 's wrong , baby doll ? cecil I be just thinkin’ about annabeth Lewis . gloria that mean ole cracker woman ? cecil I feel so sad for she . ( turn to gloria ) she neve 's have no one love she the way I be gonna love you . gloria start to beam . cecil ( cont 'd ) I be gonna give you a house and a family and I be gonna take care of we for the rest of we life . nothin’ ever gonna tear my family apart . you hear I , honey bear ? gloria I hear you , baby doll . 11 . int . staff changing room - HOTEL - day cecil change he clothes in the run down locker room . the HOTEL manager , 50 's , white , walk in . he look concerned . HOTEL manager cecil , there 's a problem . cecil what be it ? HOTEL manager gloria be in the hospital . ext . excelsior HOTEL - day cecil stand outside the hotel try to hail a taxi , but none will stop . panicked , he see the wealthy couple get into a bentley . a awkward look as they know he need a ride . ext . WASHINGTON DC - day cecil run down a street wave at cab that will not stop . he sprint past a store with a ' white only 's sign on it . ext . capitol build - day cecil run past the US Capitol Building . ext . supreme court - day he run past the Supreme Court of the United States . int . hospital - night he hurry down the hallway of a dilapidate hospital , find the door he 's look for . a young nurse , black , stop he . nurse you can not go in there . she need rest . cecil please , I need to see she -- nurse I say ya can not go -- but he move past she and hurry in to the room . 12 . int . hospital room - night lying on a hospital bed in a room with four other patient be gloria , she look terrible , exhaust . cecil hurry to she . cecil you okay , honey bear ? gloria you son come early , baby doll . tear fill he eye at the news . cecil it 's a boy ? she nod . gloria and he do not wait for no one . int . maternity ward - night cecil be in the hospital nursery hold he newborn baby boy who cry with all the other newborn . cecil be in love . cecil I promise I 'il never leave you , Louis . his son continue to cry . cecil ( cont 'd ) nothin 's ever gonna tear we apart . int . live room - day the gain house be pack with many neighbor , all African american , as cecil walk around serve all of he friend fry chicken , biscuit and corn on the cob on a silver tray . cecil v.o. everything be real nice for a long time . seat by himself in the corner be louis , now 12 year old , a little chubby , he read a comic book . cecil you wanna join the group , Louis ? 13 . cecil nod to the boy seat in the live room . Louis shrug , ' not really 's . cecil give he a understanding wink . a fun neighbor , howard , 40 's , charismatic , grill the boy . howard what do you want to be when you grow up , elroy ? a small boy in army fatigue , elroy , 8 , point at cecil . elroy I wanna work at a fancy hotel just like Mr. gain . the room ' ahhh 's as elroy 's mom , gina , heavy , smile . gina that 's my boy . howard what about you , Louis ? you want to work at a hotel like you dad ? the room turn to Louis who look unsure , a touch lose . louis I ... I do not know . there be a moment of silence , cecil look almost embarrassed . howard that 's alright , Louis , you take you time . cecil smile at Louis , but it 's clear there 's the slight ounce of concern for he son who 's a touch different . int . excelsior HOTEL - dine room - day holding a tray of martinis , cecil approach a table of wealthy men . a man with crew CUT , 40 's , stern , search he pocket for match as he listen to a loud patron . loud patron the best decision that court ever make be to slow the whole mess down . nigger boy in school with white girl ?! Hell , we have have another civil war ! he set he scotch down close to the table 's edge . cecil glance at it , then note how full the other glass be . 14 . loud patron ( cont ’d ) cecil , what do you think of nigger kid in school with white folk ? all eye turn to cecil , the Crew cut man pay particular attention as he keep search for match . cecil ( refined voice ) to be honest , Mr. Jenkins , I tend not to be too concerned with american or european politics . the Crew cut man smile , like the answer . loud patron nor should you , cecil , they be all criminal . Earl Warren should be hang . he 's the dumb son-of - a - bitch judge that say it be okay to integrate the school . cecil I think judge Warren be go to find that quite a challenge . loud patron damn , straight , cecil ! he pat cecil on the back , knock the scotch off the table . in one motion , cecil catch it , place it in on the table and light the Crew cut man 's cigar with he other hand . cecil more spirit , gentleman ? puff out smoke , the Crew cut man grin at cecil . cecil v.o. I do not know it then ... int . gain house - day 90 year old cecil stare forward , lose in think . cecil ..- but thing be about to change . ext . schoolyard - day seat by himself read a comic book , Louis notice a group of kid huddle around something . he walk over to they . 15 . louis what be ya all lookin’ at ? a teen hold up a copy of jet Magazine open to a gruesome picture of a black teen boy 's corpse with a mutilate face . louis ( cont 'd ) who 's that ? teen emmet till . some cracker do this to ‘em in Mississippi for talkin’ to a white girl . louis how old be he ? teen fourteen . Louis can not help it , he start to cry . int . cecil 's car - day cecil drive Louis home from school in he Ford 2 door . Louis stare in silence at he lower class neighborhood of small , but lively storefront - grocer , liquor store , restaurant . louis I be sorry I get so upset at school . cecil that magazine neve 's shoulda publish that picture . they should be ashamed of themselves . Louis look at he father . louis why do they kill he ? cecil who ? louis emmet till . he do not do nuthin’ . cecil do not answer at first . then - cecil the law be different fo’ color folk than it be fo’ white folk . ( more ) 16 . cecil ( cont 'd ) there 's certain thing that color folk can not do or say . ( then ) never get in trouble with the law , Louis , and you will be just fine . Louis stare at he , uneasy with what he dad just tell he . int . changing room - night cecil be change into he street clothes when the Hotel manager stick he head into the room , he look concerned . HOTEL manager be you in trouble with the law ? cecil no , sir . HOTEL manager the secret service just call I ask about you . cecil stare at he , baffle . ext . blair house - day cecil walk up to the Blair House , a federal - style townhouse that face the white house . he glance at the White House , take a breath , then walk into the Blair House . int . freddie fallow 's office - blair house - day cecil sit in a small office , finely furnish with turn of the century antique . he sit across from freddie fallow , black , mid - 50 's , have the formality of English royalty . freddie be you political , Mr. gain ? cecil no , sir . freddie good , we have no tolerance for politics at the White House . slight beat . 17. cecil forgive I for ask , but how do you find I ? freddie ( icy ) I do not . you serve rd Warner at the excelsior Hotel a few year ago . he be the Chief usher here which mean he oversee operation for the entire House . needless to say , you make quite a impression . cecil a few year ago ? freddie Mr. Warner and myself make note of potential staff around town , but butler position rarely open as most stay on for 30 year or more . cecil I see . it be quite a surprise get the call . freddie it be a surprise for I as well . as the White House maitre d' , I normally hire the butler . cecil immediately know that freddie do not want he . cecil forgive I for say this , Mr. fallow , but I certainly would not want to be hire under circumstance that would make you uncomfortable . freddie you would not ? cecil absolutely not . you job must be immensely challenging , serve the President of the United States . you need butler that you have hand pick , man to you like that will fulfill you vision of a proper White House staff . cecil glance at a collection of crystal dove on he desk . 18 . cecil ( cont 'd ) be this baccarat ? freddie look surprised . freddie indeed . cecil waterford be pleasant , and the irish certainly make a great whiskey , but I think the french have a distinct advantage when it come to crystal . freddie stare at cecil for a beat . then : freddie would you care for a demitasse ? int . gain live room - night gloria , Louis , gina and elroy and several neighbor be all in the live room , wait . elroy be very excited , but Louis look indifferent , read a book . from upstairs they hear - cecil y'all ready ? they all shout ' yes 's in unison . cecil slowly walk down the stair . they first see he shiny shoe , then he sleek pants and finally the full view - a perfectly tailore tuxedo . the entire room applaud as gloria tear up , so proud . gloria my baby be the President 's butler . elroy be in total awe , but Louis look a little uneasy . int . employees parking lot - white house - morning cecil be in he car in the employee parking lot that overlook the South lawn , directly behind the White House . he get out and look around , eye peel open in awe . ext . white house - east wing pathway - day cecil walk down a treeline pathway toward the side entrance where flag stick out of lamp post . he stop at the Security Gate , a shed with a glass window . 19 . cecil my name be cecil gain . I be the new butler . int . white house - first floor corridor - day cecil and freddie walk through the elegant first floor of the entrance hall . marble wall with red carpet and pink tile floor , a french palace and a museum roll into one . four housemen , all black , late 20' , be set up rope , barrier and table for the White House tour . freddie we have six houseman who be primarily responsible for furniture and chair arrangement . cecil six man just to move the table ? freddie give he a ' you have no idea 's look . freddie there be over 70 full time employee at the House . they walk the Cross Hall pass the presidential portrait . freddie ( cont 'd ) 16 maid , 6 butler , 4 carpenter , 2 painter , 7 electrician , 9 engineer , 2 plumber , 2 grounds keeper , 3 florist , 2 pantry man , 3 dishwasher , 3 doorman , 4 florist , a full kitchen staff include pastry chef and 3 full time calligrapher . freddie nod at a small man who set a clock in the hall . freddie ( cont 'd ) and Joe set all the clock . cecil that 's he only job ? freddie every hour of every day , he make sure that every clock be set to the exact time . 20 . the Crew cut man from the hotel , rd warner , walk by . cecil 's eye light up , he step forward . cecil Mr. Warner , I just want to thank you for this opportuni -- but rd Warner keep walk , do not even acknowledge he . cecil be surprised by the snub . freddie whisper in he ear : freddie the Chief usher be not overly friendly with the color help . cecil nod , he get it . int . white house - butler 's locker room - morning cecil enter the plain locker room with chip bench . two butler be change into tux , booker parker , 32 , short and fiery , and carter wilson , 40 , stocky with a solemn demeanor . carter ten to one that kid never see the inside of that classroo - -. they immediately clam up as they see cecil . eyeing the new guy . cecil hold out he hand . cecil I be cecil gain , the new butler . Carter shake he hand first . carter Carter Wilson , head butler and this be booker parker , second butler . booker where ya stand on civil rights , blood ? cecil be take back . Carter shoot booker a frustrated look . carter why do not you shake the man 's hand first ? booker hold out he hand . booker sorry about that . 21 . they shake hand . booker ( cont 'd ) so where do you stand on civil rights , blood ? carter do not mind booker , he 's just angry he name be booker . booker of all the goddamn name ! cecil I think we be not suppose to discuss politics . booker out there in the White House , but you in the black house now , boy , and I be just a blood that 's curious where the other blood stand . carter you do not have to answer , cecil , no one else do . cecil turn to booker , smile with warmth . cecil I do not think that negroe down South want any more trouble than they have already get . carter amen to that ! Carter high fives cecil . fast friend . booker smile . booker that 's alright , that 's alright . ( Upper crust voice ) now if you gentleman will excuse I , the first family need they filet mignon and Grand Mariner . a pleasure meeting you , Mr. gain . he bow he head , then walk out . Carter smile at cecil . carter welcome to the House . 22 . int . white house - state dine room - day cecil and fallow stand in the State dining room , a elegant room with ornate gold curtain , gold chandelier and a massive portrait of abraham lincoln over the marble fire place . they hover over a dinning table cover in the finest china , crystal and flatware . freddie point to the crystal glass . freddie the glass be always place in the follow order : Water , white , red and flute . always serve from the leave and when lift a plate -- he lean in from the leave and effortlessly lift the plate . freddie ( cont 'd ) -- you must never scrape the bottom . the tinkle of silverware will get a immediate report to I which I report to the Chief usher . cecil nod , but it 's clear that this be serious business . freddie ( cont 'd ) you must never listen or react to a conversation . the room should feel -- cecil --emptier when I be in it . freddie nod . freddie and never ever rush service , because Mrs. eisenhower be watch you like a hawk . as if on cue , the door open and in walk mamie eisenhower , 59 , with she social secretary . in a sundress , mamie dress youthful with curly bang , but she act like a general . mamie freddie , I just finish tonight 's menus . I have decide to change asparagus to green bean . the Social Secretary hand freddie the menus . freddie very good , Mrs. eisenhower . allow I to introduce we new butler , cecil gain . 23 . cecil give a slight head bow . cecil a true honor , Mrs. eisenhower . mamie never rush service , cecil , and you will be alright with I . ( turn to freddie ) speak of which , at the navy dinner , I notice that on three separate occasion , Roger pick up course too soon . this be the third time I have mention he service . freddie it be unacceptable , Mrs. eisenhower and I assure you that he presence will no longer be require . cecil look surprised , it 's cutthroat here . mamie feel bad . mamie oh , now , that 's not necessary , freddie , give he one more shot . freddie I prefer not , Mrs. eisenhower , he have try both we patience . mamie well ... if you insist . mamie smile at cecil , flipping from General to hostess . mamie ( cont 'd ) welcome to the House , cecil , I hope you time here be pleasurable . and with that , she move on as quickly as she come . freddie let 's begin , shall we . int . white house - kitchen - later cecil be in the small kitchen with steel appliance and cabinet . he place a teapot on a silver tray as the staff , black , shoot he glance , they know it 's he first serve . as he lift the tray , a photographer take a picture of he to record the moment . he look fantastic in he fitte tuxedo hold a beautiful tea set . freddie whisper in he ear : 24 . freddie you hear nothing , you see nothing , you only serve . ext . west wing - hallway - day cecil walk down the hall to the corridor entrance of the oval Office . a tiny bead of sweat form on he forehead . int . west wing - oval office corridor - day he walk into the corridor , a secret service agent stop he . cecil tea for the president . int . west wing - oval office - day cecil walk in to the oval Office and see dwight D. eisenhower stand upright at attention by he desk . his presence be enormous , but he exude a grandfatherly warmth . cecil try not to stare at he , but it 's hard not to . he set the tray down and begin to pour a cup of tea . two other man be seat on the sofa - the Chief of staff , sherman adam , 56 , tough and harsh , be in a argument with Attorney General , herbert brownell , 51 , calm and low key . sherman adam so what be you suggest ? send federal troops to Little rock ? herbert brownell if it come to that , then yes . cecil pick up the cup and saucer , but it rattles as he hand shake from nerve . he grip the cup with the other hand to stop the rattling and carefully set it down on ike 's desk . ike step forward , he presence overtake the room . ike no , no , no . I can not see any situation where I have send troops to the South . ever . it would cause another Civil War . cecil begin to pour another cup , he hand shake even more . he 's not listen , totally focus on not spilling . 25 . herbert brownell if the Federal government do not enforce Brown , then who will ? the South must comply with the law . ike the South have be in compliance with the law for the last 60 year . they have build they entire society around the law . then , in one day , that damn fool Earl Warren tell they they entire way of life be now illegal . it 's go to take some time for they to adjust . cecil pour another cup , but a tiny bit of tea pour over the edge . he quickly take out a napkin and dry the saucer . herbert brownell I understand , Mr. President , but if faubus continue to block the negro child , then we must enforce the constitution . cecil place a cup of tea in front of sherman Adams , try to be as obsequious as possible . sherman adam let 's give faubus more time . with a little persuade , he ’1ll back down . we just want to move slowly . ike sip he tea as he struggle through he feeling . ike I be for moderation ... but I be also for progress . ( then ) that be exactly what I be for . cecil grab he tray and hurry out of the room . ext . corridor to oval office - continuous walk out of the oval Office , sweat freely pour down cecil 's face . he dabble a handkerchief on he forehead . cecil v.o. I be so scared I do not hear one word that man say . 26 . int . gain house - front porch - day cecil serve gloria , Louis and elroy dinner as everyone listen with rapture . cecil then my hand start shakin’ . elroy do you spill , Mr. gain ? cecil a little , but I clean it before anyone see . gloria what do the President talk about ? cecil you know I can not tell anyone that . gloria nod , a little disappointed , but understand . elroy butler know secret ? cecil they know everything , but they tell nothing . that 's the butler 's code . elroy grin , very exciting . Louis clear he throat , loudly . cecil ( cont 'd ) you get a bone in you throat or you get something to say ? Louis take out a flyer and hand it to he dad , it read - ' mamie till , mother of emmet till , speak out ! 's louis I really want to go to this . cecil absolutely not . no way . louis how come ? cecil nuthin 's good can come goin’ to this sort of thing . nuthin’ . I be sorry , Louis , the answer be no . gloria glance at Louis who can not hide he disappointment . 27 . int . church - night gloria and Louis be in a pack African - american church . gloria you promise you will not tell you father I bring you here ? Louis nod , so thrilled to be there . up on the stage walk mamie till , 34 , black , pretty . the audience give she a warm round of applause . she walk to a podium next to a large black & white picture on a pedestal of the smile emmet till . on another pedestal be the photo of he mutilate corpse . she speak softly : mamie till if I should cry for the rest of my life there would not be enough tear for my son emmett till . the audience yell ' that 's right ! 's and ' tell it like it be !' mamie till ( cont 'd ) I be just a quiet house wife from Chicago , I never once see myself as have the courage to stand up in front of people and speak my mind , but we can not allow what happen to my boy to ever happen again ! the audience jump to its foot , scream with fire . Louis yell , transformed by mamie till who look right at he : mamie till ( cont 'd ) we all gonna be test ... Louis be take aback , he never think he would be test . int . white house - ike 's bedroom —- morning ike stand in front of he valet , a filipino man in a navy uniform . the valet button ike 's shirt up for he . mamie till v.o. .-- and only then will we see who be truly on the side of the righteous . ike stare forward in deep think , very conflict . cecil walk into the room with a coffee as the valet take the President 's dirty pajamas and exit . ike sip the coffee . 28 . ike cecil , do you mind go to a all color school ? cecil I do not go to school , Mr. President , I grow up on a cotton farm . ike stare at he for a beat , then nod . as cecil turn to leave , he see a furious sherman Adams in the doorway . ike what be it ? sherman adam the State Guard just block all the color kid from enter the school again . ike faubus promise I he have let they in . sherman adam the Governor lie , Mr. President . int . white house - oval office - day ike sit behind he desk as he speak directly into a tv camera . sherman Adams and Herbert brownell be in the room . ike I have today issue a executive order direct the use of troops under Federal authority to aid in the execution of Federal law at Little rock , Arkansas . brownell shoot sherman Adams a subtle look , Adams shrug . int . white house - kitchen - day cecil , booker and Carter watch the announcement with the dishwasher in the kitchen . everyone have a look of pride . ike ( from the tv ) ' thus will restore the image of America and of all its part as one nation ...’ 29 . ext . WASHINGTON DC - morning Louis and elroy walk to school as we hear ike finish up : ike v.o. '' , .. indivisible with liberty and justice for all . '' elroy do this mean we be all gonna go to white school now ? louis probably not right away , but I bet by the time I graduate high school , every school will be integrate . int . high school auditorium - day a huge auditorium be pack with friend and family for a high school graduation ceremony . the principal , black , announce the name of the graduate . principal Sarah feener . in cap & gown , she walk across the stage to get she diploma . principal ( cont ’d ) Louis gain . cecil , gloria , elroy , gina and all the neighbor cheer like crazy as Louis walk across the stage . Three year older , Louis be a fit , handsome , but still shy young man . we pan across the row of the graduate in cap and gowns - every single one be black . there have be no integration . ext . bus station - day cecil and Louis drag a trunk full of clothes to the cargo load of a Greyhound bus as gloria wait by the door . cecil you sure you wanna go all the way down to Tennessee ? louis fisk be a really good school , dad . cecil try to smile through the pain of lose he son . 30 . cecil I know , I know , it 's just so far away . that 's all . Louis look right at he dad . louis that 's the point . he walk back to he mom . cecil be take aback , confuse . gloria await by the bus door in tear , she hug Louis . gloria I can not believe my boy be go off to college . then cecil hug Louis , hold on to he a little bit longer than he should , just do not want to let go . cecil you be the first person in this family to ever go to college . louis I know , dad . cecil you make I proud , Louis , you make the whole neighborhood proud . I love you so much . louis I love you too , dad . cecil finally let go . Louis take a deep breathe , then get on the bus . the white bus driver nod to he to go to the back , Louis nod back , no problem , sit at the back . as the bus pull away from the station , Louis wave to he parent who wave back . they hold each other as they watch they son go off to college , a sadness fill they soul . int . gain house - day 90 year old cecil stare forward with the same look from the bus station , sadness . the camera man change the subject . camera man so what be a typical day like ? cecil what ? 31 . camera man at the White House . what be a typical day like ? cecil smile . cecil there be no typical day . int . white house - state dinning room - day close up - a escargot dish fill with delicious snail . cecil set the tray down in front of the President of France . cecil v.o. one day I would be servin’ escargot to President Charles De gaulle ... ext . white house - south lawn - day cecil hand ike a putter on the South lawn put hole . cecil v.o. ... the next day I have be a caddy . ike miss the shot , slam the putter on the grass . int . gain house - day 90 year old cecil smile into the camera with pride . cecil I never do make it to Japan ... int . white house - blue room - day cecil pour tea for japanese emperor hirohito . cecil v.o. .-- but I do get to pour tea for Emperor hirohito . int . white house - china storage room - night a weary cecil and booker place the Truman China back into box . the room be fill with all of the White House China . cecil v.o . we always work long hour ... 32 . int . white house - chocolate shop - night cecil , booker and Carter help the pastry chef , luke ja ’dean , 50' , passionate , make a elaborate french dessert . cecil v.o. .-- but I love every minute of it . the vice - President , richard nixon , 47 , walk in . he feel like the kid in school that desperately want to be like . nixon I bring you gentleman something very special . Nixon pull out four button that say ' nixon for president . 1960 's . the butler all ' coo’ , immediately put they on . cecil we be all cheer for you , Mr. vice - President . Carter nod but booker smile a little too wide . nixon now I do not want to say anything negative about that Kennedy boy , I be sure he 's a fine fellow , but do you really want a spoiled rich brat who never lift a finger in he spoiled rich brat life to be you next president !? everyone shake they head as Nixon dab a handkerchief on he forehead . nothing get he angrier than Kennedy 's wealth . nixon ( cont 'd ) now let I ask all of you , as member of the negro community , what be you biggest concern ? the butler all stare back at he , no one want to answer . nixon ( cont 'd ) come on , do not be shy . I want to have a focus group here . booker well , Mr. vice President , the color help get pay almost 40 % less than the white help . nixon you do not say ? 33 . booker yes , sir , and it 's very difficult for we to be promote . there be not a single color houseman that 's be make a engineer and many of they have be here for year . nixon I tell ya what , booker , when I be President , the first thing I be go to do be look into get you gentleman the raise and promotion you deserve . of course I ’1ll have to check with certain oversight committee and the National trust foundation , if we have one , but I 'il definitely look into it . booker grin , do not buy it . booker that would be swell , Mr. vice President . nixon what about you , cecil ? what be you concern ? Civil rights ? cecil oh , no , sir , that 's none of my business . I just want my boy to have a good education . nixon damn straight . luke ja ’dean Zezil 's zun just go off to college . nixon what ? luke ja ’dean his zun just go off to college ? nixon what ? booker and carter his son just go off to college . 34 . nixon ohhhhh . ' so no. get it . the accent . well congratulation , cecil , what a fine accomplishment , just fine . where 's he go ? cecil fisk University . Richard Nixon 's face drop . all of he ' campaign 's enthusiasm vanish as the shrewd tricky Dick pop out . nixon in Nashville ? cecil nod . Nixon lean into he . nixon ( cont 'd ) what the hell do he want to go to the deep South for ? all eye on cecil who shrug , he do not really know . int . nashville STREET - night Louis be in a rundown area , wooden shack with dirt lawn . he hold a flyer with a picture of a hindu goddess on it , write across the top be ' fellowship of reconciliation '. carol you lookin’ for love ? from out of the shadow step carol blue , 19 , black , wear a school girl skirt and have she hair in a modern coiled flair . Carol exude a natural charisma , outgo and brash . carol ( cont 'd ) that 's what some of we be call the lawson workshop , the love school . be that what you be lookin’ for ? louis yeah , that 's why I come to fisk . carol I too ! ( hold out she hand ) I be Carol Blue . louis Louis gain . 35 . they shake hand , but she do not let go . carol well come on then , Mr. gain , Mr. lawson be awaitin’ we ! she drag he toward a small red brick chapel on the corner . carol ( cont 'd ) damn , boy , I be amaze I see you , you the darkest nigger I eve 's see . Louis blushes , he 's in love . int . clark memorial UNITED methodist - basement - night the room be full of college student , all black , they listen to jame lawson , 29 , black , bespectacle . very zen , mystical . jame lawson satya be truth which equal love . agraha mean force . he point to a picture on the wall of mahatma ghandi . jame lawson ( cont ’d ) mahatma ghandi combine they into one word , satyagraha , to mean love force . this be the foundation of he philosophy of non-violent resistance and it 's what Martin King use in he bus boycott a few year back . we will study ghandi 's technique to train you to become a army , but in this army , you only weapon will be love . CUT to - later James lawson have he jacket off , sleeve roll up . everyone be pair up into team of two seat across from each other . jame lawson ( cont ’d ) when they scream at you , visualize they as a baby ... a time before they be teach to hate . CUT to - later Carol curl into a fetal position as a student ' kick 's she . jame lawson ( cont ’d ) always protect you vital organ . 36 . CUT to - later Louis be surround by student yell and spitting on he . jame lawson ( cont ’d ) it 's not enough to resist the urge to strike back . you must have no desire to strike back . you must love the person that 's hit you , you must love the hell out of they , because that be the only way you can change they heart . James lawson step forward to make the most important point . jame lawson ( cont ’d ) for it be only when they learn to love you back that we will truly become a belove Community . ext . downtown nashville - day Louis and Carol walk down the street with three student . the man in suit , woman in blouse , all nervous , but determine . Carol grab Louis 's hand as they walk hand in hand toward - woolworths department store . int . white house - state dine room - day twenty butler and housemen be set up for a State dinner . cecil set down a plate follow by Carter with the gold flatware , follow by booker with the wine glass . rd Warner stand under the painting of abraham lincoln as the black staff scramble to set up the ornate room . int . woolworths lunch counter - 2 nd floor - day the five student get off the escalator and walk right up to the lunch counter . it be half fill with white patron . the black student sit down at the counter . the white patron immediately look at they . a waitress drop she tray . waitress y'all can not sit here . but the student stare forward , they be not go to move . 37 . int . white house - entrance hall - night military aide escort lady in dress into the East room as they male date tag along . as they all line up on the red carpet , the door to the State dining room open revealing - the butler upright at they station dress in tail tuxedo . the candle light table be cover in the finest china , flatware and crystal . a vision of pure opulence . military aide lady and gentlemen , the President and first Lady of the United States . the military Band strike up ' hail to the Chief 's as ike and mamie walk down the corridor line with military aide . int . woolworths lunch counter - night have sit for hour , the student still sit at the counter read book as many white onlooker stare from a distance . concern fill Carol as she point toward the escalator - a group of angry white teenager be walk toward they . int . white house - state dine room - night all of the guest be seat at they table as cecil and the butler stand at attention . freddie nod at the butler who start serve filet of sole . cecil elegantly set one down . guest do you think I could have some ketchup ? int . woolworths lounch counter - night a White Student dump ketchup on Carol 's head . other laugh as they squirt mustard on they . the black student stare forward in zen calm as Louis look at the counter manager ... louis we would like to be serve , please . int . state dine room - night cecil set down the next course of french lamb chop with mint pear in front of a female guest who be so delighted she kiss she husband on the cheek . 38 . int . woolworths lunch counter - night a aggressive student with a crew CUT punch Louis in the face . Louis fly off he stool onto the ground . Carol jump on Louis follow by the black student to form a coordinate protective ball . the Crew cut student pull Louis out and punch he . Louis look he in the eye as he hear : jame lawson v.o . you must love you attacker . he punch Louis again . jame lawson v.o. ( cont ’d ) Love he with all you heart . as Louis look up , a massive glow of light shine behind he attacker , a light that be pure and bright and beautiful . jame lawson v.o. ( cont ’d ) for it be only when they learn to love you back that we will truly become a belove Community . Louis 's eye light up into a trance - like state , he 's have a mystical experience . a smile form on he bloody face because Louis now love this man . five police officer hurry into the lounch counter area and immediately handcuff Louis and the other black student . police officer you be all under arrest for disorderly conduct . the White student cheer as the bleed black student be lead away . the Crew cut student grin , until he see - four new black student be now seated at the lunch counter . new lead student we would like to be serve , please . int . white house - kitchen - night all of the butler be loung in the kitchen . they be all exhaust as they hold up wine glass for a toast . freddie to serve we country . cecil beam , proud of he work as he clink he glass . 39 . ext . woolworths - night the five student be escort to a police paddy wagon as they peacefully sing they anthem , ' we shall overcome 's : black student ' we shall overcome . we shall overcome . we shall overcome some day . 's up and down the street , 100 black student be be haul into police paddy wagon as mob of white scream at they . this be a coordinate sit - in all over downtown Nashville . int . davidson county courthouse - day eighty - two proud student , mostly black but a couple white , be seat in a pack courtroom . Louis and Carol sit next to each other , smile , proud . then - Louis 's smile drop . he see cecil stand in the back of the courtroom , he father look horrify . Louis walk over to he . louis hi , dad . int . courthouse hallway - day a furious cecil scold Louis in a corner of the hall . cecil I work every day of my life , every single day , to give you the opportunity I never have . and this be what you do with it ?! louis you do not understand . something be happen here , something special . cecil ai not nuthin’ special about a nigger in jail ! louis we be stand up for we rights . we be go to change the nation 's consciousness toward the american negro . cecil you be what ?! 40. louis we be change the national consci -- cecil all ya’ do be breakin’ the law ! and it 's gonna get you and a lot of other folk kill . I do not send my boy off to college to go to he funeral ! louis if I can not sit at any lunch counter I want , then I be not really alive . cecil nuthin 's good can come of this . all you be gonna do be make white folk angrier and get a lot of negroe hurt . that 's what always happen . louis that 's what we be go to change . cecil stare at he , angry and scared . cecil you do not understand , Louis , the law do not work for we , it 's always against we . always . int . davidson county courthouse - day judge jack harris , bald and heavy , sit up on the bench stare out at the courtroom . the attorney Z. alexander looby , 61 , black , sharp , stand up in front of the judge . Z . alexander looby you honor , the charge of disorderly conduct have absolu -- judge Harris turn he chair around so he back face the court , he 's not go to listen . the student gasp in shock . Z . alexander looby ( cont ’d ) -- absolutely no merit . this student be calm , quiet and in compliance with all conduct law . the judge 's back be still to the court . looby speak louder : Z. alexander looby ( cont ’d ) the mob that beat they be the one that should be try for disorder -- 41 . he throw up he arm and yell at the judge . Z . alexander looby ( cont ’d ) what 's the use ! judge Harris turn back around and face the student . judge harris I find the defendant guilty of disorderly conduct and sentence they to thirty day in the county workhouse or a fine of $ 50 each . Carol leap to she foot . she calmly announce to the judge : carol we feel if we pay this fine we would be support the injustice and immoral practice that have be perform in we arrest and conviction . judge harris ya ’all feel that way ? all of the student rise to they foot in solidarity . judge harris ( cont ’d ) enjoy the big house , kid . he slam he gavel as we CUT to - full screen - archival news footage : a montage of news clip of sit - in 's all over the country . newscast v.o . '' spark by the Greensboro and Nashville sit - in 's a phenomenon have erupt across America . '' ext . gain house - night all of the neighbor be outside the gain 's house , everyone be talk , gossipe , concerned look be share . howard that boy be gonna get we all kill . several people nod in agreement . 42. int . gain house - live room - night a scared gloria watch the news coverage of the sit - in movement with more neighbor . gina have she arm around she . newscast ( from the tv ) '' thousands of negro student join by some white student have be ' sit - in 's at department store lunch counter ... '' cecil be in the staircase stare at a old family photo during happy time , he be fill with a deep concern . newscast v.o. '' , .. in protest of they policy of only serve white patron . '' elroy tug on he leg , he 's scared . elroy can the President help Louis ? cecil stare back at he , not sure of the answer . int . white house - east room - day ike and mamie stand in front of the entire staff . ike from the bottom of my heart , I want to thank you for everything you do for we . this last eight year ... ike tear up , mamie finish for she husband who can not speak . mamie ... they have be the most special year of we life , and much of that we owe to all of you . the staff be in tear too as they applaud . even booker cry . cecil v.o. there 's nothin’ sadder than sayin’ goodbye to the first family . ike and mamie say tearful good - by to each one individually . cecil v.0o . ( cont 'd ) we have spend every day with they for the past eight year , and in less than a hour , they gonna be go . 43 . int . gain house - kitchen - day 90 year old cecil shine a pair of black dress shoe , he look up into the video camera . cecil Transition be hard . int . white house - CENTER hall - day every member of the White House staff carry move box and haul furniture down the Center Hall . cecil v.o . the rule be that the President life at the White House until the moment the next one be swear in . the Chief usher , rd Warner , keep glance at he watch as the staff carry out the eisenhower 's personal belonging . int . white house - ike 's bedroom - day Maids quickly place mamie 's dress and clothes into box . cecil v.o . so we have exactly two hour during the inauguration ceremony ... int . white house - treaty room - day cecil and Carter quickly wrap ike 's trophy in newspaper . cecil v.o. ...to move the old President out ... ext . white house - NORTH portico - day a 1950 's move van be park underneath the North portico . the housemen place the box and furniture into the van . cecil v.o. ... and move the new President in . the move pull away as a identical moving van pull up in its spot . we hear the distinct bostonian accent of - jack v.o. I , John fitzgerald Kennedy , do solemnly swear . 44 , int . white house - CENTER hall - day the entire White House staff carry box and new furniture . jack v.o that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States . rd Warner glance at he watch , start to sweat . rd warner forty -eight minute leave ! int . white house - master bedroom - day the master bedroom be be set up with a new blue drape four poster bed , cecil gracefully help guide it into place . jack v.o . and will to the best of my ability . int . white house - JOHN JOHN 's nursery - day cecil open a box fill with stuff animal and meticulously place they in the play pen for a baby boy . jack v.o. preserve , protect , and defend the constitution of the United States . int . white house - caroline 's room - day cecil delicately set down a rock horse next to a canopy bed as a may place pink rosebud out for a young girl . jack v.o . so help I God . int . gain house - kitchen - day 90 year old cecil look nervous at the memory . cecil it 's always scary meetin’ the new President cuz you never know what kinda man he 's gonna be until he move into that house . ( then ) I do not think he know either . 45 . int . white house - entrance hall - day all of the staff be line up in the entrance Hall everyone stand at attention , tense . rd Warner wipe he sweaty brow as cecil whisper to Carter . cecil you nervous ? Carter nod , then whisper back . carter I vote for Nixon . cecil I too . booker lean in and whisper : booker you negroe be a disgrace . the front door open and in walk JOHN ' jack 's kennedy , 43 , handsome , lean , and he beautiful wife jackie , 31 , tall , wear a fawn coat and pillow box hat , she 's a touch shy . Jackie hold they 3 month old , jack , JR , with daughter , caroline , 3 , behind they . they be surround by many aide . Jack flash a enormous grin , he exude charm and class . jack I want to start by say that I be thrilled we be go to be work together over the next four year . Jackie be slightly aloof as she speak in almost a whisper : jackie eight year , Jack . everyone laugh . the baby , John Jr. , start to cry . jack I bet you all have not hear that around the house in a while . the room laugh , Carter turn to cecil , nod with approval . int . white house - blue room - day the Kennedy 's tour the house , look at all the art work with rd Warner , cecil and Carter in tow . as Jackie look around , she seem unhappy . she speak in a light whisper : 46 . jackie Mr. Warner , there seem to be very few historic artifact . there 's barely a item here before 1948 . rd warner Mrs. eisenhower be concerned about this as well , but as I explain to she , when it come to redecorate , the budget be very limited . the shy Jackie wash away as she voice get much louder . jackie I be not talk about redecoration , Mr. Warner , I be talk about restoration . int . white house - treaty room - day the light blue wall be be paint over in a dark green . ext . white house - rose garden - day the Rose Garden be pack with landscaper digging it all up . int . white house - CENTER hall - day Jackie walk with a exhaust rd Warner and cecil in tow down the Center Hall point at the empty wall . fade CUT - later the wall be now cover in a beautiful series of portrait of proud american Indians by George catlin . ext . cecil 's neighborhood - night cecil walk out of a new florist shop . up and down the street , business be repaint and upgrade . cecil v.o. everywhere I look , folk be sprucin’ thing up . int . gain house - live room - night cecil walk in and see gloria repaint the live room . her hair look like Jackie 's and she wear a a-line dress . 47 . cecil what in the lord name be you do ? gloria wave she hand with a refine touch . gloria restoration . int . gain house - bedroom - night cecil be in bed read a book on addison 's disease . gloria read a life article about Jackie . she turn to cecil : gloria do you wish I speak french ? cecil my goodness , what ? gloria Jackie speak french . cecil you be without a doubt the most perfect woman I know . gloria turn away , look slightly unhappy . gloria I be not perfect , I be just ... here . cecil what 's wrong , honey bear ? gloria ever since Louis have be go I have be feelin’ sort of ... restless . cecil cuz he 's in jail ? she stare at he for a beat , then change the subject , point at he book . gloria what 's addison 's Disease ? cecil it 's a condition that cause fatigue and dizziness . someone new at the House have it . 48 . gloria Jackie ?! cecil no , it 's not Jackie . gloria be it true she 's go to sella White House guide to finance the restoration ? cecil I do not know nuthing about that . she curl into he chest , talk in sweet - talky voice . gloria baby doll ? cecil yeah ? gloria how many pair of shoe do Jackie have ? cecil you know I can not talk about that stuff . gloria you never tell I anything ! you be there all day and you can not even share you whole life with I ! cecil I be sorry , honey bear ... I just can not talk about it . she roll over , shut off the light . night . he feel guilty , go back to he int . white house cecil walk into shot into Jack 's gloria never know this upset she so much . then - he book on addison 's Disease . — master bedroom - morning the bedroom as a doctor be administer a arm . there be several prescription bottle . 49 . Jack 's valet , another filipino , brushes a jacket with a linen brush . Jack grin at cecil as he take a series of pill . jack I be sick so much as a kid that my brother use to joke if I get bit by a mosquito , the mosquito would surely die . as the valet put Jack 's suit jacket on he , Jack clutches he back in pain . cecil grimace , feel Jack 's pain . int . white house - oval office - day cecil walk into the oval Office with a tea set and water . Jack be lie on the floor on a heating pad , still in pain . cecil bring he cortisone pill and another glass of water . Jack be mid-conversation with he brother , bobby kennedy , 36 , tough and mean . he sit with he aide , JOHN seigenthaler , 32 , slim , idealistic . seigenthaler hold up a pen . JOHN seigenthaler this be send from the ' National Committee against discrimination in house 's as a reminder to follow through with you campaign pledge to wipe out federal housing discrimination with one swipe of a pen . Jack take the pill , then hand the glass back to cecil . jack they only send one ? JOHN seigenthaler no , sir , ten thousand . jack I take it the ' National Committee against discrimination in house 's be be sarcastic . cecil begin to pour a cup of tea , but unlike the last time we see he do this , he look smooth and graceful . JOHN seigenthaler they be call it the ' ink for Jack 's campaign . jack Bobby ? 50 . cecil set the tea in front of Bobby who do not look up . bobby we lose the support we will need from Southern Senators on Cuba if we touch civil rights right now . John seigenthaler eye cecil as he pour another cup of tea . jack what do you think , John ? JOHN seigenthaler I think there be a moral imperative to fight against discrimination . bobby we barely win the election ! we do not have the mandate or the political need to touch contentious social issue right now . jack what if there be more negro protest , like that sit - in 's ? cecil slightly flinch at the mention of the sit-in . bobby the sit -in do not budge popular opinion . the country do not support civil rights , Jack , I do not think you should either . Jack ponder it as cecil walk toward the door with he tray . jack I do not have time for this right now . I need to use my capital on kruschev and castro . Jack look over at Bobby . jack ( cont 'd ) detente abroad trump detente at home . Bobby slightly grin , he like to win . bobby I doubt we will even see anymore civil unrest . cecil glance at Bobby ... he hope that he 's right . 51 . int . core headquarters - day Louis and Carol be in the tiny headquarters of the ' Congress of racial Equality 's . it have a pre-hippy , new age vibe . they sit with jame farmer , 41 , black , theatrical voice . jame farmer be you familiar with boynton V. Virginia ? they shake they head , no . jame farmer ( cont ’d ) it outlaw segregation in bus terminal , but the law have never be enforce . louis so you be go to ride buss into the deep south to confront the law ? jame farmer exactly . we expect to be beat , maybe even murder , but we will exercise we legal rights . Louis and Carol exchange glance , nervous , but Carol nod . louis we want to be a part of it . James Farmer smile at he fellow warrior . jame farmer be you two together ? before Louis can answer , Carol quickly respond : carol no , we be just friend . Louis look disappointed , but he mutter . louis yeah , we be just friend . James Farmer know that Louis be hope otherwise . jame farmer welcome aboard the freedom ride . 52 . int . white house - east room - night wearing a tuxedo , Jack stand in front of several hundred elegant guest seat in chair . jack when Jackie tell I she want to use the White House as a platform for the art , I know it be a good idea because I do what Jackie say . everyone laugh . jack ( cont 'd ) the last time we esteem guest Pablo caslas play in the White House be fifty - seven year ago . int . white house - GREEN room - night the great musician , pablo casal , 85 , wise , finish a glass of water , whisper to cecil in he Spanish accent . pablo caslas after 81 year of play , you know what always surprise I ? cecil what , sr. caslas ? pablo caslas that I still get nervous . he hand he the glass of water . then - pablo caslas ( cont ’d ) do you find it difficult be oppress in you own home land ? cecil do not know what to say , stunne . just then , the crowd in the East room applaud . freddie open the door for caslas who enter the room . cecil sit next to booker and Carter . carter what do he say to you ? cecil look at he for a beat . then - cecil nuthin’ . 53 . int . white house - east room - night holding he violoncello , casal give the President a slight head bow , Jack nod back . then , he begin mendelssohn 's Trio in D minor . we hear the most beautiful music play into ... ext . alabama —- country road - night a Greyhound bus drive down a dark country road in Alabama . int . greyhound bus - alabama - night a dozen freedom rider be on the bus with a few journalist , white . every black freedom Rider sit next to a white one . the mood be fairly relaxed . Louis sit toward the back , speak to a journalist . Carol be asleep a few seat over . journalist be you riding this bus to show that the negro be equal to the white man ? louis no , sir . we do not seek equality with the white man . we want we both to be raise up . the bus slow down , pull into a bus station . everyone sit up alert as they see the bus station be completely empty . louis ( cont 'd ) why be not anybody here ? a mob of white people with chain and bat STORM out from behind the bus station . Louis scream at the driver - louis ( cont 'd ) drive ! the freedom Bus take off down the highway , but a row of car and truck pull out from behind the bus station . a ambush . gunshot blare out that hit the tire . the bus skid back and forth , then skid onto a dirt embankment and come to a stop . the car catch up and a mob of 100 white men jump out and start smashing the bus window with brick and chain . all of the freedom rider drop to the center aisle of the bus as glass shard fly on top of they . then - a molotov cocktail fly into the back window set the back on FIRE ! 54 . the freedom rider push to the front of the bus and try to open the front door , but the mob be outside pushing it shut . a white freedom Rider at the bus door , eli cowling , pull out a gun . the other freedom rider look stunne as he point the gun toward the mob through the glass door . the mob back off . the door fly open as eli cowl hold up a badge . eli cowling let this people off or some of you be go to die ! the crowd back away even more . all the freedom rider stumble out of the bus , cough and gasp for air . then - the bus explode ! the freedom rider fall to the ground as the mob begin to circle in they . one of they club Louis in the head as the cello music come to a passionate conclusion . int . white house - east room - night the concert over , caslas shake hand with the President . as cecil hurry over with cocktail , caslas whisper to Jack : pablo caslas remember all that people out there who need freedom . Jack and cecil be both take by he word . int . white house - upstair kitchen - night cecil be in the upstairs kitchen take note . he write - ' 20 guest , 10 server , Truman service . 's then , he hear : banging at the end of the hall . he stick he head out to see Bobby Kennedy pound on Jack 's bedroom door , he 's furious . bobby Jack ! get up ! the door open , a sleepy Jack stick he head out jack what be it ? bobby the freedom Bus be blow up in Alabama . Jack 's face drop in shock , cecil 's in horror . 55 . jack be they dead ? bobby we do not know , it have not be confirm . Governor Patterson will not return my call . jack I all cut Patterson 's ball off ! Bobby enter the room as Jack slam the door . cecil stare forward in horror . cecil v.o. I do not know if my son be dead or alive . then - he feel a tug at he pants , a just wake up 4 year old caroline Kennedy hold a child 's book . caroline kennedy cecil , will you read I a book ? cecil instantly regains he composure . cecil of course , miss caroline . she walk he to a table in the kitchen . caroline sit on he lap and open ' madeline 's rescue 's . there 's a picture of a spooky look mansion that look like the White House . cecil ( cont 'd ) ' in a old house in Paris that be cover in vine , live 12 little girl in two straight line . 's caroline kennedy like I and John John . cecil exactly . ( back to the book ) '' the smallest one be madeline . she be not afraid of mouse . '' caroline beam as cecil try to not cry , so scared for he son . he put he arm around caroline as he continue ... cecil ( cont 'd ) ' she love winter , snow and ice . 's 56 . int . gain house - day cecil and gloria be on the couch watch Jackie 's White House tour on the tv . they be tense , nervous . jackie ( from the tv ) not May none but wise man ever rule under this roof . 's it be Franklin Roosevelt who love that prayer and have it put on the mantlepiece . 's ' the phone ring ! they jump up as cecil quickly answer it . cecil hello ? his entire body slump in relief as hear : louis v.o. I be in Mississippi . gloria start to tear up , know she son be alive . cecil I think you be in Alabama ? louis v.o . we spend two week in jail there , now we be in Mississippi . cecil please come home . please . just for a little while . a few day . please . louis v.o. that 's go to be difficult under the present circumstance . int . MISSISSIPPI prison - day bandage and bruise , Louis be in a blue prison uniform call from the pay phone . the prison look like hell . louis I have be detain by the local authority . intercut - cecil and louis cecil for how long ? 57 . louis Three month . when I get out , I be go to take another freedom ride . cecil why , Louis ? louis because it be my right to ride that bus . that be my legal right and I will exercise my rights as a american citizen ! cecil they be go to kill you . at some point you gonna get kill . louis they be gonna have to kill I , dad , because I 's all never stop . cecil 's eye fill with tear , so scared for Louis . cecil all we do be worry about you . come home , son , please , just for a little while . we miss you so much . louis I be sorry , dad , but I can not . cecil why not ? louis I be a freedom Rider . he hang up the phone on he father . gloria be he comin’ home ? cecil shake he head , no , a look of painful defeat on both . int . gain house - night cecil lie awake in bed , star up at the ceiling . cecil v.o. I be scared all the time ... gloria lie awake on she side , she 's not sleep either . 58 . cecil v.0o . ( cont 'd ) .-- but it be a scary time . int . white house - state dinning room - day rd Warner be speak to all the butler and several maids . rd warner if Cuba launch a missile attack on the capital , you number one priority be to get the first family out of the house first . several people nod . terrify look be exchange . cecil v.o. everyday we think might be we last ... ext . white house security gate - day several staff walk through the security gate , all be tense . cecil v.o. ..- but everyday we still come to work . int . white house - kitchen - day cecil be prepare a sandwich . cecil v.o . if the President be gonna prevent we nuclear destruction , some one be gonna have to feed he . int . white house - red room - day cecil pass the Red room and see one of the maid cry . he immediately give she a warm hug . cecil everything be gonna be fine , Tanya , no one 's gonna get hurt . she nod as she continue to cry , so scared . cecil v.o. I be not sure we have make it , but that Kennedy boy be real smart . 59 . int . white house - locker room - day booker read a copy of the Washington Post with the headline : ' reds agree to scrap base in cuba 's . Carter have a huge smile . carter that be without a doubt the worst two week of my entire life . booker nod , but cecil still look scared . carter ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong , cecil ? we make it . cecil try to smile . int . gain house - night cecil lie awake in bed again , gloria awake on she side . cecil v.o . but for we , the fear be never gonna go away . CUT to : full screen - archival news footage : Black & White archival footage of black child and teens be hose down in the street by police and firemen as bark dog snap at they . newscast v.o. protest in Birmingham , Alabama turn violent this morning as police turn fire hose on the protestor , most of they child . int . white house - live room - day Jack , Bobby and Jackie watch the news footage , they look horrify . cecil and booker stand against the back wall , struggle to not appear upset . Jack look deeply troubled . jack I do not know what country I be look at . cecil peek out over Jack 's shoulder , look for Louis . 60 . ext . birmingham , alabama — day Louis be spray with a fire hose , jamme against a brick wall . Carol clutches a tree as water drill into she . int . white house - live room - day cecil stare at the tv screen , barely able to hide he fear . he see Jack stare at he , he quickly look forward . int . white house - lincoln bedroom - day cecil be in the lincoln bedroom dusting off the dark wood desk . he be about to walk out when something catch he eye . he walk back to lincoln 's desk and clean off a small speck . jack do you ever see the ghost ? surprise , cecil turn around to see Jack in the doorway . cecil no , Mr. President , I have never see lincoln 's ghost . jack they say he still haunt this room . cecil I have hear that as well , but I do not know anyone who 's see he . Jack Kennedy take a step forward , lower he voice . jack I know you son be a freedom Rider . cecil 's face drop . jack ( cont 'd ) he 's in prison in Birmingham right now with Martin luther King . cecil be he okay ? jack I be guess he 's beat up , but from he record , he must be use to it . he 's be arrest 16 time in the last two year . cecil I know Dr. King be suppose to be a great man , but I do not understand what he 's do to my son . jack do not worry about you job , cecil , I all keep this quiet . cecil thank you , Mr. President , I do not want to lose my job ... but I just do not know what to do . jack neither do I . ( then ) but that kid ... his voice trail off , this be hard for he to say . jack ( cont 'd ) ... that kid have change my heart , cecil ... tear form in Jack 's eye . jack ( cont 'd ) ... they have change my heart . int . white house - oval office - day 61 . Jack sit in front of a tv news camera in the oval Office . Bobby stand nearby , watch he brother address the nation . jack one hundred year of delay have pass since President lincoln freed the slave , yet they heir , they grandson , be not fully free from the bond of injustice . int . prison cell - birmingham - night Louis be in a prison cell read the speech in a newspaper . a small look of pride , he work be start to pay off . jack v.o. next week I shall ask the Congress to enact legislation give all Americans the right to be serve in facility open to the public . 62 . int . colored HOTEL room - night Carol be in a hotel room for ' black only 's with five bruise freedom rider watch the speech . jack ( from the tv ) this seem to I to be a elementary right . int . white house - oval office - day a small smile form on Bobby 's face as he brother finish he historic address . Bobby have be transformed as well . jack a great change be at hand , and we task , we obligation , be to make that revolution , that change ... int . white house - locker room - night the butler all watch the speech on a tv . jack ( from the tv ) .+- peaceful and constructive for all . everyone applaud , except for cecil who look upset . int . gain house - day 90 year old cecil still look upset . cecil I know this would embolden that kid . they rebellion be workin’ and there be no way they be gonna stop now . int . dishwashing room - day cecil and Carter help out the dishwasher wash the china . everyone be energize except for cecil who look distract . cecil v.o. I worried all the time that someone be gonna get kill . every day I expect the call and I could not think about nuthin’ else . 63. a Polk plate slip through cecil 's finger and shatter on to the floor . cecil stare at the destroy plate in mild shock . cecil it ... it just slip . dishwasher do not worry about it , cecil . carter it be not nuthin’ . but cecil look really upset at himself . then booker walk into the room , he face be ashen . carter ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter with you ? it 's just a plate . booker can not speak , clearly shake about something else . cecil what 's wrong , booker ? booker look at the room . booker the President 's be shot . ext . white house - day the flag outside of the White House be lower to half mast . cecil v.o . we laid he in state in the exact same manner as abraham lincoln . int . white house - east room - night cecil and booker place black webbing over the window , the room have be completely transformed into a mausoleum . military guard bring in the flag drape coffin and place it on the alter cover in black . Jackie and Bobby follow , she still wear she pink skirt cover in Jack 's blood . rd warner Mrs. Kennedy , would you like I to have a change of clothes bring down ? Jackie shake she head , no . defiant . 64 . jackie I want they to see , I want they all to see what they do to my husband . cecil stare at the coffin , devastate with grief . int . white house - CENTER hall - night still in she bloody skirt , Jackie wander the hall look at the painting as she clutches one of she husband 's tie . cecil gingerly walk over to she as she mutter : jackie so now he be a legend , when he would have prefer to be a man . cecil be there anything I can do for you , Mrs. Kennedy ? please tell I how can I help you . she smile at cecil , hold out the tie for he . jackie this be for you . cecil Mrs. Kennedy , I can not take that . jackie please , cecil , he have want you to have it , Jack be very fond of you . he take the tie . cecil I will always treasure it . she touch he face , then continue strolling down the hall , look almost like a ghost . cecil walk the other direction . as he pass the lincoln bedroom he hear Bobby sobbing : bobby why !? why , God ? why !? cecil stare at the door clutching President Kennedy 's tie , he can not help it as the tear fall down he face . 65 . int . gain house - bedroom - night cecil lie in bed in he tux , the tie still in he hand . gloria be clutch in he arm , face red from cry . they lie there in silence . then cecil slowly start to tell she - cecil she 's very witty . most people do not know that , but she 's very witty and sometimes she can be silly . she 's very relaxed and playful around the house , but when she 's in public she transform into a different person . gloria really ? cecil that 's when she become more aloof , and mysterious , but always elegant . she 's very complex ... and beautiful ... and wonderful . ( turn to she ) what else do you want to know about Jackie ? I will tell you anything you want to know . fade to black . ext . golf course - day cecil , Carter , booker and freddie fallow be out on the golf course watch booker miss a long put . they yell , ' ohhhhhh ! 's carter the white man prevent you from hit you shot ! booker you know he do ! they all laugh as they stroll to the next hole . booker ( cont 'd ) we be go to have a fund - raiser at church next month for all that kid in Mississippi try to register black folk . you blood should come down . freddie ' Black 's folk ? 66 . booker that 's right , ace boon coon , we be not no negroe no mo 's ! carter I will go . I want to go . booker what about you two Tom 's ? that kid be put it on the line . cecil not for I . booker alright , alright . what about you , Mr. fallow ? freddie I will be in the Bahamas , celebrate my retirement . ( then ) congratulation , Carter , you be go to be the new maitre d . the butler be stunne , cecil beam at Carter . freddie ( cont 'd ) it 's time for I to move on , gentleman , I be get old . booker but you gonna miss out on all the fun with LBJ ! they all laugh with clear sarcasm . int . white house - bathroom - day lyndon johnson , 55 , gray haire with glass , fiery , manic , sit on the toilet with he pants at he ankle surround by four queasy staff member . cecil be jamme in the corner . LBJ you sorry sap ass motherfucker gotta realize that the nigger be not gonna take it no more ! this entire country be a tinderbox , ya see , a goddamn tinderbox of nigger rage just waitin’ to explode ! 67 . int . queen room - day LBJ scream at cecil in the queen room : LBJ next time there be a light on in a empty room , I will fire every sorry son of a bitch in this house . I mean it , cecil , I ‘’1l go back to Texas and run the country froma dirt shack if I have to ! be that what you want ?! cecil no , sir . cecil flick off the light switch . LBJ instantly flip to a gregarious , jovial southerner as he slap cecil on the back . LBJ now that 's what I be talkin’ about ! int . white house - kitchen - middle of the night cecil and booker be play card , both drink coffee . Carter read a newspaper , look at he watch , it 's 3 be . carter do the man ever sleep ? in walk LBJ 's wife , lady bird , sweet and private , she speak in a elegant Texan accent . they both immediately stand up . cecil what can we do for you , Mrs. Johnson ? lady bird I just feel terrible about lyndon 's 's schedule . he 's be stay up all night long try to get this bill pass , and y'all be stick here . booker we do not mind at all , Mrs. Johnson . lady bird I be think you could have some food pre-make for lyndon that he have heat up himself if he want to eat in the middle of the night . 68 . cecil I can not tell you how much we appreciate the gesture , Mrs. Johnson , but no President will ever serve himself as long as we be the White House butler . lady bird be you sure ? booker emphatically nod with pride . cecil we serve the President , so that the President can serve the country . int . white house - treaty room - night cecil walk into the Treaty room carry a tray with a silver lid . LBJ be seat at the desk on the phone . LBJ ( on the phone ) I know it 's three in the morning , Senator , but I actually be not call for you , I want to speak to you wife . ( the voice respond ) then you will just have to wake she up now , will not you . he motion for cecil to serve he . cecil elaborately set down a place mat , a gold fork , knife and spoon . LBJ ( on the phone ) ( cont 'd ) good morning , Barbara , this be you President speak , I sure hope I do not wake you . cecil place a large plate of green bean in front of LBJ , he cover the mouth piece , ask cecil : LBJ ( cont 'd ) this can ? cecil nod . LBJ give he a pleased wink . LBJ ( cont 'd ) the reason why I be call so late be you husband be waver on signing Kennedy 's Civil rights Bill , and the american negra 's need you husband 's support . 69 . cecil set down a tapioca pudding and plate of pancake next to the green bean , LBJ grin at he bizarre feast . LBJ ( cont 'd ) now , until he agree to vote for this bill , I be gonna have to call you every night at three in the morning , and if he do not vote with I , well , I may just keep on call for the next year or two to tell you how disappointed I be . as cecil walk out , he glance at LBJ who dig in to the green bean . cecil look baffle by LBJ . cecil v.o. I never before see a man who say ' nigger 's so much , work so hard to help negroe . int . gain house - bathroom - day 90 year old cecil be hand wash he sock in the sink . cecil sometimes people grow up one way , but then they can become someone else , I guess . int . white house - pantry room - day the butler be in the pantry restock the shelf with glass and cup . they all look exhaust . booker I do not think I have have a full night 's sleep in a year . cecil and Carter nod in agreement . then , booker 's face drop in amazement as he see something . Carter see what booker see , he too be stunne . Carter tap cecil who jump up . they stare forward in quiet shock at the end of the pantry , booker 's eye fill with tear . stand across from they be -— martin luther king . only 35 , King be very handsome with a rare ability to exude warmth and dignity at the same time . 70 . martin luther king I be so sorry to disturb you , gentleman , but I want to meet you all . I be Martin . he step forward and hold out he hand to booker . booker this be the great honor of my life , Dr. King . Martin luther King smile , he 's very approachable . martin luther king the honor be all mine . he shake hand with Carter who be also beam . cecil shake he hand last , he be formal , a touch cool . cecil a pleasure to meet you , Dr. King . King grin at they tuxedo . martin luther king my , oh , my , y'all look just superb . cecil can not help it as a tiny smile creep out . ext . white house - rose garden - day LBJ sit across from mlk , each flanke by they aide . cecil stand nearby underneath a magnolia tree . martin luther king you success with the Civil rights Bill be greatly appreciate within the negro community , Mr. President . a tiny drop of water fall from the magnolia tree and land on the back of cecil 's neck . it send shiver down he spin , but he stand perfectly still , do not move . martin luther king ( cont ’d ) no President have do more for the negro since abraham lincoln freed we from chain . LBJ be beam , feel great about what he accomplish . martin luther king ( cont ’d ) but it 's not enough . 71 . LBJ 's smile drop . cecil glance over in surprise . cecil v.o . that be the first time I ever start really listenin’ . int . gain house - bathroom day 90 year old cecil be wring he sock out . cecil oh , sure , I have hear thing from time to time , but I would never listen . camera man so why have you start now ? cecil a negro be tellin’ the President of the United States that a five course meal be not good enough , he want all eight course . I never hear nuthin’ like it in my life . ext . rose garden - day Martin luther King light into LBJ : martin luther king only 5 % of the negroe in Mississippi be register to vote , 11 % in Alabama . we desperately need a vote rights Bill if we be go to insure we be no longer block from Southern voting booth . cecil stare forward in stunne amazement . LBJ goddamit , King ! you know how many bridge I have to promise to get the last bill pass ! I owe every two bit Congressman three bridge , a park and a fuckin’ airport . I spend eight month grab all this dumb son - a- bitch by the ball and I get no more ball to grab , Dr. King , I use up all my negra 's capital ! martin luther king on the bridge and the ball . 72 . LBJ that 's right , Dr. King . now y'all be just gonna have to cool down for a little while . another drop of water fall from the tree on to cecil 's neck , he shut he eye in pain . chinese water torture . martin luther king I should warn you , Mr. President , that I have get people in the street down South right now try to register the negro vote . cecil 's eye flicker in concern . martin luther king ( cont ’d ) my guess be that it 's go to go from cool to hot very fast . LBJ where ? cecil glance over at King right as a drop form above he . martin luther king selma . the drop fall ... int . registrar 's office - night a black male applicant , 5us , be in a registrar office , be escort by Louis . the registrar , snide , read a question : registrar if the President do not wish to sign a bill , how many day be he allow in which to return it to Congress for reconsideration ? the black applicant look at he , baffle . the Registrar stamp the word ' rejected 's on he application . Louis shake he head in frustration . int . gain house - basement - day a lively party be go down in the basement of the gain House . cecil serve all he friend martinis and appetizer . 73 . gina my niece go to register to vote in Georgia and they make she wait for hour . then when she finally get in , she have to take a test with all sort of crazy question . stuff only a expert would know . howard and the white folk be ask who the first president be . cecil continue to serve , he look like he 's not listen . gloria and then that three kid be kill in Mississippi register black folk . cecil try to hide he fear at this news . gina the only reason why the President send the FBI be cuz two of they be white . everyone nod , except for cecil . gloria turn to he . gloria should not the President do more to pass a voting bill ? cecil President Johnson just pass the great piece of civil rights legislation since lincoln freed the slave , it 's go to be very difficult to pass another bill anytime soon . most of the room nod in agreement , when cecil speak they listen . he hold up a tray of cocktail to lighten the mood . cecil ( cont 'd ) now how about some more spirit while we wait ? they all smile as they grab another drink . gloria stare at cecil , it 's clear she disagree with he . 74 . int . brown 's chapel - selma , alabama — night Louis and Carol be with a huge crowd in the pews . they listen to a 39 year old black speaker in a black suit , skinny tie and browline glass . his name be malcolm xx . malcolm X back during slavery , there be two kind of negroe , there be the house negro and the field negro . the house negro live better than the field negro . he eat better , he dress better , and he live right up next to he master . Louis stare at malcolm X , take by what he 's say . CUT to : int . gain house - flashback - 8 year earlier cecil stand in front of the family in he White House tuxedo for the first time . 14 year old Louis look at he , uneasy . int . brown 's chapel - selma , alabama - night malcolm X then you have the field negro who hate the master because they catch hell and feel the sting of the lash . Louis start to nod . CUT to : ext . alabama - country road - flashback - 2 year earlier the freedom Bus burn as Louis get clubbed in the head . int . brown 's chapel - selma , alabama - night malcolm X and today you still have house negroe and field negroe ! the audience applaud as Louis nod in agreement . 75 . malcolm X ( cont ’d ) the same old slave master today have house negroe , who be nothing more than 20th century uncle Tom 's keep we passive in non-violence . that 's uncle Tom make you non - violent , so you suffer peacefully . Louis 's face drop , he no longer like this speech . malcolm X ( cont ’d ) Dr. King come to selma with he message of non-violence and I think the white people of selma would do well to listen to Dr. King , before the field negro come along and do thing another way . the crowd break out in applause , but Louis look piss . he glance at Carol who have a grin on she face . Louis do not like what he see . int . alley way - selma , alabama - night Louis and Carol be walk down a dark alley , he look disturb , unsure of what to make of malcolm x. Carol also look disturb , but she 's now unsure of what to make of mlk . just then - a gunshot ring through the night . Louis instinctually grab Carol and shove she up against a wall , they face inch apart from each other . then - she grab he face and kiss he on the mouth . they mouth and arm inner-twine as they furiously make out in the alley . int . gain house - live room - night gloria walk down the stair and find cecil stand in the live room , he hold up a personal check . cecil what be this ? gloria cringe , know that she 's be catch . gloria what ? cecil have you be send Louis money ? 76 . gloria he need it . cecil we be not gonna pay for he to kill himself . cecil rip the check up . cecil ( cont 'd ) if he want to get throw in jail then he can pay he own way ! cecil storm up the stair . gloria watch he go , upset . int . negro HOTEL room - night Louis and Carol lay naked under bed cover in a dank motel room . Louis look quietly content , but Carol be all business . carol we be lose the press . Louis do not say anything . carol ( cont 'd ) we be lose the momentum . King be in prison and no one care , something 's get to happen , we get to make something happen . he turn to she : louis marry I . silence . she do not respond . louis ( cont 'd ) every time I be rottin’ in jail , all I think about be you . you keep I sane in this insane world . I want you to be my wife . carol I have hate myself since before I be bear . how be I suppose to know how to love you ? Louis stare at she for a beat . then - 77 . louis if I can wait out Jim crow , I can wait out you . she try not to smile , but she clearly like the answer . ext . dallas courthouse - selma , alabama —- day hundred of black protestor be march through downtown selma toward the courthouse . as always , crowd of white be line up on the sidewalk scream and boo at they . Police in riot gear stand between the white and black . Louis and Carol march with the crowd . Carol look worried , she whisper to Louis in hushed fury . carol there 's no press here , we be lose this thing . we be losin 's ! she turn to he , a anger building deep in she soul . carol ( cont 'd ) you understand I , you stupid nigger , we be gonna lose selma ! sheriff jim clark , fat , jab he nightstick into Louis rib . sheriff jim clark get in the middle of the street . Carol grab the nightstick and stare at the sheriff . sheriff jim clark ( cont ’d ) what in the hell do you think ya doin 's ? Carol lift she fist and punch sheriff Clark right in the face . totally blind sided , he fall over . Louis look terrify and grab Carol , but she shove he off , jump on top of the sheriff and punch he again . and again . and again . and again . and again . Three cop finally jump on top of she and start beat she with they nightstick . a photographer frantically shoot picture of the beat . int . church - WASHINGTON DC - night in a pack black church , a pastor hold up a copy of the NY Times with a photo of Carol get beat on the front page . 78 . pastor tomorrow morning this brave man , woman and child in selma be go to begin a march to Montgomery and we need to give they all the support we can ! hat be be pass around where people toss in they dollar bill and change . booker and he wife , thelma , pretty , sit in the pews next to Carter and he wife , sophie , shy . pastor ( cont 'd ) whatever change you have get , put it in the till because every dollar be goin’ to selma ! gloria sneak into the back of the church . she take out a thick roll of one dollar bill and place it in a hat . pastor ( cont 'd ) now let we pray for they . ( shut he eye ) oh , dear lord , protect this brave man and woman as they march for freedom . no one be praying harder than gloria . pastor ( cont 'd ) protect they as they seek to protect we . CUT to : full screen - archival footage : Black & white news footage of the black protestor get clubbed by a militia on the Edmund pettus bridge . newscast v.o . ' the Alabama State gaurd brutally suppress a march from selma to Montgomery today in what have be dub ' bloody Sunday . 's int . white house - live room - day LBJ watch the newscast on three separate television at the same time . Lady Bird watch with he , horrify . cecil stand behind he , try to find he son on tv. 79 . ext . edmund pettus bridge - selma - day Louis be on the ground cough from tear gas as riot police and horse trample everywhere around he . a bandage Carol lie on top of a young teenage girl , protect she . int . white house - live room - day cecil look terrify , but LBJ be stoic as the news footage reflect off he glass , it effect he on a deep level . LBJ the South be never gonna vote Democratic again . cecil look at he , not sure what he mean . int . congress - day LBJ stand at the lectern in Congress address the Senate , the House of Representatives and the country : LBJ every american citizen must have a equal right to vote . yet the harsh fact be that in many place in this country man and woman be keep from voting because they be negroes . int . white house - kitchen - night cecil , booker and Carter watch the speech in the kitchen . LBJ ( from the tv ) the negro be give a test . he may be ask to recite the entire constitution , or explain the most complex provision of State law . int . gain house - live room - night gloria watch alone , enthralled ... she 's part of this now . LBJ ( from the tv ) and even a college degree cannot be use to prove that he can read and write . for the fact be that the only way to pass this barrier be to show a white skin . 80. int . selma black HOTEL - day Louis , Carol and Martin luther King be cramme in a room full of beat up selma protestor . everyone be bandage and bruise as they watch the speech . LBJ ( from the tv ) on Wednesday , I will send to Congress a law design to eliminate illegal barrier to the right to vote . the room be beam , several hug and pat on the back . int . congress - day LBJ get work up as he speak deep from he heart : LBJ what happen in selma be part of a far larger movement which reach into every section and State of America . they cause must be we cause too . because it 's not just negroes , but really it 's all of we who must overcome the crippling legacy of bigotry and injustice . close up - LBJ LBJ ( cont 'd ) and we shall overcome . int . HOTEL suite - day the protestor cheer in celebration , Louis and Carol hug in joy . the only person not cheer be Martin luther King because he face be cover in tear . int . white house - kitchen - day cecil watch LBJ on the tv , take by what he 's say . LBJ ( from the tv ) the real hero of this struggle be the american negro . his action and protest have awaken the conscience of this nation . booker it 's that kid in selma , they do this . they make this happen . a tiny smile form on cecil 's face . LBJ ( from the tv ) his demonstration have be design to call attention to injustice , design to provoke change , design to stir reform . for the first time , cecil look truly proud of he son . int . gain house - live room - day 90 year old cecil be in awe at the memory . cecil the great politician of we time say he could never pass that bill , and then because of my son and he friend , the vote rights Act of 1964 be pass . ( then ) ai not that somethin’ . int . white house - rd warner 's office - day cecil sit across from the Chief usher , rd Warner . cecil be nervous , grip he sweaty palm . cecil since the black staff do just as much work as the white staff , I believe we salaries should reflect we service . rd warner ' Black 's staff ? cecil I also feel that we should have opportunity at advancement . Black houseman be never promote to the engineer 's office . rd Warner stare at cecil for a long beat . then -— 82 . rd warner you be very well like here , cecil , but if you be unhappy with you salary or position , than I suggest you seek employment elsewhere . cecil look surprised that he get such a hard rebuke , but he quickly cover it up with a warm , but defeat smile . int . lorraine motel - memphis - day Martin luther King be in he hotel room seat across from he various associate and aide . Louis sit across from he . they be watch footage of the Vietnam War on television . newscast '' US casualty be on the rise in Vietnam , give fuel to critic who say there be no end in sight for what have become a bloody war . '' Martin luther King shake he head , frustrated . martin luther king President Johnson may have a big heart , but he be make a tragic error in Vietnam . everyone nod they head in agreement . martin luther king ( cont ’d ) how many of you parent support the war ? almost all of they raise they hand . martin luther king ( cont ’d ) that 's why we have get to keep speak out against it . ( to Louis ) why do you parent support it ? louis we have not speak about it specifically , I just know they do . martin luther king what do you dad do ? Louis look embarrassed to say . louis he 's a butler . 83 . martin luther king ah , yes . the black domestic . they serve a great role in we history . louis they do ? martin luther king the black domestic defy racial stereotype by be hardwork and trustworthy . he slowly break down racial hatred by the example of he strong work ethic and dignify character . ( then ) so even though we perceive the butler as be subservient , they be in many way subversive without even know it . Louis stare at he , never think about he dad in this way . ext . lorraine motel - memphis - twilight Louis walk out of the lorraine Motel , he be deep in think , effect by what mlk say about he father . then - the sound of gunshot explode in the air . Louis drop to he knee for cover . he look up and see King 's aide stand over a man lie on the balcony . they point to roof top across the way . ext . cecil 's neighborhood - night thousands of people be in the street in cecil 's neighborhood . people be cry , scream in anger . a furious black man pick up a trash can and throw it into a store window , glass shatter everywhere . ext . white house - night hundred of national guardsmen line up in front of the White House in full riot gear . shield and club ready for action . ext . WASHINGTON DC - night still in he tuxedo , cecil drive he car down a dark street , it 's dark and quiet , almost eerie . on the radio - 84 . radio newscast '' riot have break out in DC , fuel by anger over the assassination of Martin luth - - '' cecil hit the brake as three black man dart out in the street in front of he , run from a liquor store . boom !!! the store explode ! cecil 's car flip onto it 's side . ext . cecil 's neighborhood - night the riot have triple in size . store be on fire as window be smashed and building set on fire . all the renovation and upgrade of the last decade destroy in minute . ext . WASHINGTON DC - black suburb - night cecil squirm out of the passenger side window of he car , bleed at he temple . he start walk down the street . a mob of hundred of black man be come toward he . gun shot be fire into the air as the mob break window . Police siren whirl as a riot squad pull up at the end of the block . the rioters march toward the riot police with cecil directly in between . he do not know which way to go . tear gas be volley through the air and land in the middle of the rioter . cecil start cough from the tear gas . ext . store front - night a man smashes window with a baseball bat as fire rage around he . it be violent and aggressive as other looters back away from he . he turn around as we see it 's - Louis . there be a dark anger in he eye , transformed by rage . Carol hurry over to he , put she arm around he . louis I be not take it no mo 's , baby ... I be not take it . ext . otis place - night cecil walk up he block , dabbing a handkerchief on he forehead . people stare at the fire that consume the city . 85 . gloria wait on the balcony with gina and elroy who 's 18 now . she run into the street and give cecil a huge bear hug . cecil I be okay , honey bear , I be alright . elroy stare at the fire with anger and frustration . elroy why be they set they own neighborhood on fire ?! cecil they be angry , elroy . gloria it 's happen all over the country . they all stare out at the fire that engulf Washington DC . cecil America be burn for Martin luther King . ext . WASHINGTON DC - a week later cecil drive he tatter car through the war tear street . burnt building , rubble everywhere , military police in tank . there be a sadness in he at the ruin of he neighborhood . cecil v.o. Three month later , Bobby Kennedy be assassinate . ext . white house - parking lot - day cecil get out of he car and walk toward the White House . cecil v.o. seem like riot be break out everyday . they even have one in Chicago during the Democratic Convention . ext . white house - back entrance - day hundred of protestor stand outside the back gate of the White House entrance . they be mostly white student and hippies dress in colorful tie - dye clothes and bead . 86 . cecil v.o . and now the white kid be just as angry as the black kid . holding up anti-vietnam War sign , they scream at cecil as he push he way through the crowd . protestor how can you work there ?!/ you be just a nigger to they !/ LBJ be a baby killer ! cecil maintain he warm smile as the protestor shout . int . white house - state dine room - day the butler and housemen prepare the State dining room . the protestor outside the White House be hear : protestor hey , hey , LBJ ! how many kide have you kill today ! series of shot : - a maid make a bed , glance toward the window . protestor v.o. hey , hey , LBJ ! how many kide have you kill today ! -a calligrapher write out a invitation , distract . protestor v.o. ( cont ’d ) hey , hey , LBJ ! how many kide have you kill today ! - the florist design a new arrangement , she look upset . protestor v.o. ( cont ’d ) hey , hey , LBJ ! how many kide have you kill today ! int . white house - bedroom - day LBJ stare out the window at the furious protestor . protestor v.o . hey , hey , LBJ ! how many kide have you kill today ! 87 . LBJ look like a wear out old man , tired , drain , but mostly defeat . cecil stand behind he , set down a can of fresca . cecil I bring you a fresca , Mr. President . LBJ look back at he , smile through he sadness . LBJ thank you , cecil . he take a huge swig , it make he feel a little better . LBJ ( cont 'd ) how 's you boy do ? cecil do not answer immediately , tough to talk about Louis . cecil I do not know , Mr. President . sometimes I feel like we be live in two different world . all I want be for he to be safe , but no matter what I say , he always get so angry at I . the protestor get even louder : protestor hey , hey , LBJ ! how many kide have you kill today ! cecil he keep tell I that I do not understand he ... and maybe he 's right . maybe I just do not understand he anymore . LBJ look at cecil with a deep pain . he feel the same way about the country . LBJ sometimes it 's hard to be a father . int . gain house - day 90 year old cecil be irone a pair of black pants . camera man be you sad that LBJ do not run for a second term ? 88 . cecil look at he watch . cecil how much more time do we have ? I do not want to be late . camera man we have get a few more hour . ( then ) be you sad to see he go ? cecil I be always sad when the first family leave . always . ext . white house - NORTH portico entrance - day the move van be park as housemen carry LBJ ' 's box to it . right after a houseman shut the van door , it take off . cecil v.o. but I be also secretly excited that a old friend be comin’ back . a identical move van immediately pull up in its place . we hear the voice of the new President : richard v.o. I , Richard milhous Nixon , do solemnly swear ... int . white house - CENTER hall - day Richard Nixon and he wife , PAT nixon , 56 , walk down the Center Hall flanke by staff and rd Warner . she be poise and lean with a perfect blond coif . Pat be quiet , but not cold . they be take a tour of they new live quarter lead by rd Warner . he be flanke by a few aide and the Nixon daughter , tricia , 22 , petite blond and julie , 20 , brunette . Nixon smile as he give cecil he signature Victory salute , cecil give it back to he . ext . gain house - day gloria be in the kitchen , roll dough for dinner . she look unhappy , perhaps something be miss from she life . just then , there be a knock at the door . she open it to see - 89 . Louis and Carol . they both have afros and wear black pants and black leather jacket , a militant ' black power 's look . louis hi , ma. gloria tear up at the site of she son , so excited to see he . she fling open the door and give he a huge hug . louis ( cont 'd ) ma , I want you to meet my fiance , Carol Blue . gloria 's eye light up . she scream : gloria the dear lord have finally answer my prayer ! she throw she arm around Carol , embrace she in a big hug . int . gain live room - night the entire family be have dinner along with several neighbor , include gina and elroy , who be dress in a navy uniform . a impromptu welcome home party . there be a tension in the air as no one know what to make of Louis and Carol 's ' black power 's look . cecil be particularly put off . Louis glance at elroy , hate he navy uniform . louis you goin’ to Vietnam ? elroy yes , sir . gina put she arm around he . gina we all so proud . everyone nod . Louis and Carol glance at each other , then go back to they food , bite they tongue . more silence . gloria so , Carol , I have all sort of cooking supplies you can have when you two move in together . carol thank you , Mrs. gain , but I do not cook . 90 . gloria what ? louis the sister in we political organization refuse to partake in traditional gender role . this make gloria feel a little self conscious . gloria oh , that 's very ... unique . elroy what 's you political organization call ? louis the Black panther Party . silence . cecil what kind of name be that ? louis we promote Black power through pride in we African heritage as express in the teaching and self discipline of Brothers huey Newton and Bobby seale . carol we provide free breakfast for child , free medical clinic , and free self defense class . cecil self defense class ? louis we be not gonna get beat no mo 's . this land like a hammer . the room look uncomfortable . gloria that remind I of a movie I just see that you might like . ' in the heat of the night 's . sidney poitier play a cop that go sout -- louis I will not see anything with sidney poitier . gl . cecil why not ? louis sidney poitier be the white man 's fantasy of what he want the black to be . well behave with no sense of he manhood as a sexual be . cecil but he movie have he fight for equal rights . louis only in a way that be acceptable to the white status quo . he earn the white man 's respect with false dignity instead of fight against the immorality of he degradation . ( then ) and the brother can not act . Carol and he laugh . cecil look upset . cecil he win the Academy Award ... he 's break barrier for we people . louis by be white , by act white . sidney poitier be nothing but a rich uncle Tom . cecil jump to he foot and scream : cecil get out ! get out of my house ! gloria honey ! cecil I will not sit here and have you ridicule the greatest negro STAR of our time ! louis he’s a uncle tom ! cecil smashes a plate . cecil get out ! 92 . louis I ’m sorry , butler ! I didn ’t mean to make fun of yo hero ! gloria slap Louis across the face . hard . gina gasp . gloria never disrespect you father in this house . never ! everything you have be because of he . everything ! you father be a saint and you will treat he with respect ! silence . then , Louis laugh , nod to Carol to leave . louis shit , alright . I be go . you negroe be good , while I and my girl get y'all some mo 's rights . cecil get out . louis so long , pop . cecil just get out . Louis and Carol turn around and walk out of the devastate room . cecil stare at they , fume in anger . int . white house - hallway - day cecil walk down a hall with a tray of tea , the anger and bitterness still plaster across he face . right when he turn into the room , he face instantly flip to he pleasant smile . int . white house - lincoln sitting room - day cecil bring in a tea for Nixon who be deep in conversation with he two close advisor - bob haldeman , 44 , crew cut , intense , and JOHN ehrlichman , 45 , bald , boy scout face . haldeman we think the time call for a period of benign neglect . cecil pour tea for Nixon . 93 . nixon benign neglect ? ehrlichman the poll overwhelmingly show white voter be tired of the race issue and feel enough have be do . cecil pour tea for ehrlichman , glance at he , but ehrlichman do not notice . haldeman and the Southern Strategy be clearly work . we gain momentum in ' 68 , but we think we can flip the South for good in ' 72 . Nixon think it over , stare at cecil who pour tea . nixon there 's this whole black power movement go on , right ? what if Nixon promote black power to mean black business , and we find way to support black entrepreneur . we pass the buck on desegregation to the court , but push black enterprise to win over the 20 % that could vote we way . haldeman and erhlichman exchange glance , they love it . haldeman that 's excellent , sir . cecil pick up he tray and head for the door . ehrlichman we just need to make sure that ' Nixon 's black power 's do not equate Nixon with the Black panther . cecil pause for a slight beat . nixon God no ! do you read Hoover 's memo ?! it 's terrifying . I give he the green light to go after they with all we get . cecil 's eye shut in pain as he walk out the door . 94 . int . black panther headquarters - night ten black panther , all in black jacket and beret , load shotgun in a smoke fill room . the leader of this group eldridge hudgins , 29 , black , muscular , load he shotgun . eldridge hudgins always beware of the nigger with a gun . a few people in the room laugh , but Louis be uncomfortable . he look around at the gun , the smoke , just do not like what he see . he whisper to Carol . louis I get to talk to you . int . black panther headquarters - hallway - night Louis speak to Carol in the hall outside the room . louis we should get out of here . carol what ? louis this be a mistake . we should go . carol what the hell be you talk about ? louis I be always proud to be in jail ... but I do not think I have be proud to be there for what we be about to do . Carol look stunne . eldridge huggins stick he head out . eldridge huggins be there a problem here ? carol Louis want to leave . eldridge huggins stare at he . eldridge huggins you scared , brother ? 95 . louis yeah , I be scared , and I be not you brother . eldridge huggins what about you , soul sister ? you gonna go with this jive ass peckerwood ? Carol look at Louis , then at eldridge huggins . carol no , soul brother , I be with you . she walk over to huggins and put she arm around he . carol ( cont 'd ) I be not get beat no mo 's , Louis . ext . oakland STREET - night Louis walk down a quiet oakland street , deeply disturb . a police car slowly drive by he , then continue on its way . Louis watch the car for a moment , then run after it . ext . house - oakland - night the panther be stake out with they shotgun - one behind a tree , two behind a house , three more behind a fence . Carol grip she shotgun , but now she look unsure . ext . oakland STREET - night Louis run toward the police car that 's half a mile down the street . he wave he arm at the police car . ext . house - oakland - night the police car slowly drive down the block look for a address , inching closer toward its assassin . the panther give each other slight nod . Carol nod back , but she 's start to sweat , do not want to do this now . right when the car get in they cross hair , the panther start blasting away . bang ! bang ! bang ! Carol watch for a second , then start blasting as she scream in rage . 96 . Louis appear at the head of the block and see the fire squad . Police siren can be hear off in the distance as the panther immediately take off run . Carol see Louis at the head of the block . they stare at each other , Carol with shame in she eye . then she run off . Louis watch she go as the siren get louder and louder . finally , he run away . ext . cecil 's neighborhood - day cecil drive down the street that still have many burnt down building from the ' 68 riot . a few new storefront have open that sell incense , candle and African clothes . Men and woman have afros and wear colorful dashikis . a sense of african pride have be infuse into the neighborhood . cecil eye it all , just do not know what to make of it . int . allen' house - day cecil walk into the house and see gloria on the couch watch news coverage of watergate . newscast v.o . '' the White House continue to deny any involvement in the break in at the watergate hotel . '' cecil can you please turn that off ? I have to deal with watergate everyday at work , I do not want to deal with it at home . gloria well , I can not live in ignorance just because you boss be a two bit criminal with a gang of Cuban thug on he payroll . cecil a gang of what ? gloria the plumber . cecil the what ? 97 . gloria Nixon 's henchmen . the same guy that break into Daniel ellsberg 's psychiatrist office be behind the watergate break - in 's , it 's obvious this be a conspiracy . cecil what do you want I to do about it ? quit ? gloria of course not . cecil cuz if the staff quit every time a President do something we do not like , there have be no staff ! gloria feel bad , kiss he on the mouth . gloria I be sorry , baby . the whole thing just make I upset . cecil and when do you start get so work up about politics ? gloria when he do not appoint a black cabinet member . not one single black man in he entir - - just then - they see a military car drive slowly down the street . they hurry to the window to see the car pull up to a house . out walk a military officer and a priest . cecil oh my god . cecil and gloria hurry out of the house , they look terrify . many neighbor be come out of they home as the Officer and Priest knock on a front door . the door open revealing gina , she stare at they in mortal fear . before they can speak she scream : gina no ! not my elroy ! no ! cecil have hurried over and hold she as she wail in pain : 98 . gina ( cont 'd ) please God ! not my elroy ! not my elroy ! the neighbor all surround gina , many be cry . cecil continue to hold gina as she wail in he arm . cecil v.o. I never feel more lose in all my life . int . gain house - day 90 year old cecil tie a black tie around he shirt collar . cecil v.o. everything be changin’ around I so fast . Vietnam take we elroy and gloria be startin’ to drift away . ( then ) everywhere I turn , someone new be leavin’ I behind ... int . white house - yellow oval room - day Nixon stand in front of the entire White House staff with Pat and he two daughter . nixon I want you all to know that I leave with deep regret in my heart . you lift I up during the tough moment and for that I will always be grateful . several of the staff be cry , but not cecil . he stare at Nixon with a bitter detachment . nixon ( cont 'd ) we think that when we suffer a defeat , that all be end . he look right at cecil . nixon ( cont 'd ) but the greatness come when you be really test ... cecil look surprised , never think he have ever be test . 99 . nixon ( cont 'd ) .-- because only if you have be in the deep valley ... ext . white house - NORTH portico entrance - day the houseman shut the back of the move van . nixon v.o. ... can you ever know how magnificent it be to be on the high mountain . right as the move van drive off , a identical move van pull up in its place . we hear the voice of gerald ford : gerald ford I , Gerald rudolph Ford , do solemnly swear - — the move van immediately pull off and a new move van pull up right where it be park . we hear the distinct southern twang of we next President : jimmy I , Jimmy Carter , do solemnly swear ... int . white house - CENTER hall - day the staff hurry through the Central Hall , bring in the Carter 's new furniture that have a distinct country flair . the new Chief usher , scott rexford , mid - 40 's , clean cut , oversee the melee , he be much warmer than rd Warner . scott rexford 38 minute to go . you all be do great ! Willie Nelson 's ' on the Road again 's , play over the sequence : int . white house - kitchen - day the new President , jimmy carter , 52 , cherub-like , exude warmth and charm . he feel like a sweet uncle . he wear a apron as he pour green water from a pot into a bowl . 100 . jimmy the juice from the collare green contain a abundance of the vegetable 's mineral and vitamin . ( Big smile ) we call it pot likker . the chef grin , but a little worried that he culinary skill be go to be under utilize for the next four year . int . white house - cross hall - day ' on the Road again 's continue as Jimmy 's daughter , amy , 9 , round nerdy glass , roller skate through the Cross Hall . cecil jump out of the way hold a tray . ext . south lawn - night a huge Southern style bbq be take place on the South lawn with a crawfish boil , pile of corn bread and bbq . willie nelson be up on a stage sing ' on the Road again 's . Jimmy dance with he wife , rosalyn , pretty and charming . int . white house - east room - day Jimmy Carter stand at a podium in front of the press corps . jimmy .-- and that be why I be proud to appoint the country 's first black female cabinet member , Patricia Harris , as head of house and urban development . patricia harris , 52 , black , walk up to the podium . cecil applaud , then stop , remember he 's not suppose to clap . int . gain house - day gloria beam with pride at a big front page photo on the Washington Post of Patricia Harris . she look up , think ... this spark something in she . int . combahee river collective - day gloria walk into the office of the combahee River collective . it 's fill with young black woman in they 20 's and 30s . many of they with bushy afros. 101 . poster cover the wall with picture of black woman march in rally with the slogan - '' a separate road to feminism '' . a female staff member look up at the older gloria . staff member can I help you ? gloria do not respond , she look nervous . int . combahee river collective - office - day gloria sit in a small office across from barbara smith , 30 , wear a army jacket . she have a tough , but cool vibe . barbara smith we goal be to gain female equality by call attention to racism , sexism , homophobia and classicism to ensure that the most discriminate individual in american society , the black woman , will no longer be ignore . gloria have a stunne look on she face , do not know what to say . Barbara Smith can tell she be overwhelm . barbara smith ( cont ’d ) so tell I , gloria , what exactly bring you here ? gloria well , my son be a civil rights activist in the sixtie - - barbara smith the black woman be completely leave behind by the Civil rights movement . it be always ' one man , one vote’ , the word ' woman 's be never mention even though we be a integral part of the struggle . slight beat . barbara smith ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , go ahead . gloria I just feel like I have spend the last 20 year watch the world go by on my television . ( then ) I do not want to watch no more . 102 . Barbara Smith smile at gloria , like she . barbara smith I think you have fit in nicely here . gloria you do not think I be too old ? barbara smith you be never too old to fight for social justice . ( then ) so what be you son do this day ? gloria go quiet . gloria we have not speak in a while . int . elk club - state assembly debate - night dress in a suit and tie , Louis stand at a podium in front of a medium size audience of about 100 people . a banner above he announce ' state assembly debate 's . the room be sparsely decorate , a low budget operation , but Louis passionately address the modest crowd . in he mid - 30' now , he 's lose a little hair and gain a few pound . louis with the economy spiraling out of control , there be no great time for affirmative action than now . I know this measure be not popular with white voter , as they seem to feel that racism be a thing of the past , but the truth be that black America be still significantly disadvantaged due to past and present discrimination . the moderator turn to Louis main competitor , keith alan , a black conservative in a bow tie , he speak from a podium . keith alan Mr. gain and I may share the same skin color , but that be all we share . affirmative action be racism in reverse and it only create more hostility by cause white to resent black . ( more ) 103 . keith alan ( cont 'd ) if the black man want to succeed he must do it with he own achievement . louis you can not kick a man in the dirt for 400 year and then accuse he of be dirty . keith alan even we liberal President agree that affirmative action should be phase out as he have already begin slashing this program . Louis shoot he a icy look . louis to my great disappointment , President Carter be not a liberal . ext . white house - roosevelt room - day Jimmy Carter sit across from the Black congressional Caucus . they be stern with he , all look frustrated . they leader be rep . JOHN conyer , 49 , tough , no nonsense . cecil refill everyone 's glass with water . he seem focus on the water , but it 's clear he 's listen . rep . JOHN conyer you receive 94 % of the black vote in the second close election of the century , Mr. President . we elect you , and I be sorry to say that we feel betrayed by this cut to social program . jimmy my first priority have get to be get inflation down or the economy be go to continue to spiral out of control . rep . JOHN conyer which be exactly why we need more economic investment in the inner city , not less . White business have fle in drove and it have create rampant black unemployment . 104 . jimmy it 's not just the black community that be suffer -- rep . JOHN conyer -- but we be disproportionately affect . jimmy I have get to keep the budget tight , everyone be just go to have to learn to get by with less . the black leader exchange frustrated glance . John conyer rise to he foot . cecil look surprised . rep . JOHN conyer we be use to get less , Mr. President , we be just hope for more from you . he walk out of the room , cecil look stunne . ext . louis gain election headquarters - night the small campaign headquarters be cover in deflate balloon that match everyone 's deflate spirit . the only person not upset be Louis who try to cheer everyone up . louis I know everyone be disappointed , and no one more so than I . but we have to remember that even though we lose tonight , we need to celebrate that another brother have win a election . now I know he may not be we kind of brother ... everyone laugh . louis ( cont 'd ) ..- but a black man be go to the state assembly and for that we should all be thrilled . polite applause . louis ( cont 'd ) ten year ago we could not even vote in the South and now we have get brother and sister in Congress and state office . ( more ) 105 . louis ( cont 'd ) maynard Jackson be the mayor of Atlanta , Tom Bradley in Los Angeles , Carl Stokes , shirley chisolm , Barbara Jordan and the list go on and on ! we be do it ! we be start to live the american dream ! everyone be applaud like crazy now . even though Louis lose , he look like a leader . louis ( cont 'd ) I have be through so many dark time , but in all that year gettin’ beat and throw in prison , I never think I have see the day that I would have to give a concession speech . the room give a warm and joyous applause to this . louis ( cont 'd ) I want to thank you all for you hard work , and I want to thank my beautiful wife , Sarah , for all that long hour on the trail . everyone applaud Louis 's gorgeous wife , sarah , 30 , black . she smile at the crowd . louis ( cont 'd ) this be not the end tonight , it 's only the beginning . int . gain house - live room - night cecil be on the phone as gloria anxiously wait for news . as cecil 's eye drop , so do gloria 's . cecil ( into the phone ) thank you , I appreciate it . he hang up , turn to he wife . then sadly shake he head . cecil ( cont 'd ) he lose 51 to 49 % . gloria cringe at how close it be . gloria should we call he ? 106 . cecil it 's be so long . do you think he want to hear from we tonight ? gloria shrug , be not sure . int . louis gain election headquarters - later that night the room have emptied out a bit . Louis lounge on a couch , arm clutch around Sarah . louis I still can not believe I lose to that honky nigger . she bust up laugh . louis ( cont 'd ) everyone know the fool only get into Harvard because of affirmative action ! what 's the matter with this people ?! a aide yell from the other end of the room . aide Louis , you get a phone call . Louis walk over to the phone , pick it up . he hear : carol v.o. I be so sorry you lose . Louis sit up , obviously have not hear from she in year . louis where be you ? int . federal state prison - night Carol be in a prison uniform in a federal penitentiary . her arm be cover in prison tatoos , she 's be here for year . carol I love you , Louis . I be sorry I never could say that before , but I really do love you . intercut - louis and carol louis what happen ? where do you go ? 107 . carol do not ever forget that , okay , baby , please do not ever forget it . she hang up . Louis slowly hang up the phone , then look over at he wife . he smile at he beautiful Sarah ... happy with he life . ext . cecil 's neighborhood - WASHINGTON DC - day driving to work , cecil see several board up building with ' for rent 's and ' foreclosed 's sign . all of the African - pride store have shut down and no new business be move in . cecil v.o. every where I look , it seem like another black man be losin’ somethin’ new . int . white house - locker room - day cecil eye the headline on booker 's newspaper : ' supreme court rule for bakke , end racial quotas . '' cecil v.o . and for the first time , I be startin’ to get mad . int . white house - chief usher 's office - day cecil sit across from the Chief usher , Scott rexford . cecil I have be here for twenty year now , and for all that time , the black help have be get a smaller salary than the white help . I just do not think it 's right . Scott rexford be much warmer than the previous Chief usher . scott rexford I do not think it be either , cecil . cecil and there be black housemen who should be engineer by now , they should have be promote year ago . 108 . scott rexford I fully agree , and I plan on make several promotion immediately . the raise be go to be tougher because of the recession . cecil smile he warm smile . cecil I know that we be in a recession , but I can not wait out this excuse anymore . I have to be pay the same as the white help or I 'il have to move on . silence . Scott rexford be impressed at he forcefulness . scott rexford I know that no one want that , include the President . i’1l get into it immediately . cecil it 's important that it 's not just I , all of the black help need to get equal pay to the white staff . Scott rexford smile . scott rexford we will find a way to make this work . int . white house - stair landing - day cecil walk up the stair landing with a small look of pride on he face , he see Jimmy Carter sit on the floor of the Treaty room tie a fly fishing fly . cecil stare at the President , he look beat up by the job , depressed . Jimmy see cecil through the doorway . jimmy you ever do much fishing , cecil ? cecil no , sir . jimmy my daddy use to take I fly fishing as a boy . ( then ) ( more ) 109 . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I bet when I be on my death bed , I nil think of my daddy , and I probably will not even remember I be President . cecil grin , but the conversation be a touch painful . jimmy ( cont 'd ) be you close with you father ? cecil shake he head , no . cecil I never know he . jimmy I be sorry , cecil , that 's a real shame . cecil I sometimes wonder what he look like . jimmy if he could see you now , I bet he have be real proud of you . cecil I bet you father would be very proud of you , Mr. President . slight beat . jimmy I think he might be disappointed . cecil I do not think so , Mr. President . his son make it to the White House . jimmy we both make it , cecil . cecil yes we do , Mr. President . slight beat , Jimmy 's face fall know he doom fate . jimmy except you will get to stay . 110 . ext . white house - NORTH portico entrance - day a move van be pull out as a new move van pull in . we hear the raspy older voice of we next president : ronnie I , Ronald Wilson Reagan , do solemnly swear ... int . white house - kitchen - night ronald ' ronnie 's reagan , 69 , exude a sweet , likable quality . he feel like a favorite grandfather . he be in the kitchen with the butler and the kitchen staff tell they a joke . ronnie so the psychiatrist take the pessimistic brother to a room pile to the ceiling with brand - new toy . but instead of yelping with delight , the little boy burst into tear . " what 's the matter ? do not you want to play with any of the toy , '' ask the psychiatrist . " yes , " the little boy bawl , " but if I do I would only break they . " the staff be smile , a few have already start laugh . ronnie ( cont 'd ) next the psychiatrist treat the optimistic brother . try to dampen he out look , he take he to a room pile to the ceiling with horse manure . the optimist yelp with delight , clamber to the top of the pile and begin gleefully digging out scoop after scoop with he bare hand . a few people grimace , but cecil be laugh . ronnie start to chuckle as he near the punch line . ronnie ( cont 'd ) " what do you think you be do ? " , the psychiatrist ask . ( then ) " with all this manure , " the optimistic boy reply , " there must be a pony in here somewhere ! " 111 . the whole room bust out in laughter , everyone be beam , they love Ronald Reagan . just then , he wife , nancy , 59 , walk into the room in a stylish red suit . as soon as she walk in , ronnie tense up a touch , become a different person around Nancy . ronnie ( cont 'd ) good talk to everyone . he peck Nancy on the cheek as he hurry out of the room . booker whisper to cecil : booker just like at my house . int . white house - oval office - day ronnie sit with PAT buchanan , 47 , jowly , the Communications director . they be across from three Republican Senators , richard lugar , 53 , bob dole , 62 and nancy kassebaum , 53 . cecil pour tea for Senator dole who smile at he . ronnie I want to make myself clear on this issue . if Congress pass sanction against South Africa , I will be force to veto that sanction . cecil stop pour for a split second , then start up again . senator lugar Mr. President , we feel that you be miss a major point here . ronnie which be what , Senator lugar ? cecil pour tea for Senator kassebaum who nod at he . senator lugar the brutal repression of South Africa 's black citizen be no longer just a foreign policy issue . it 's a domestic civil rights issue . Pat Buchanan snap at he . PAT buchanan if we impose sanction on South African it will make we appear weak to Russia ! 112 . cecil stand at the back , stare forward , it 's clear he 's listen . Senator kassebaum turn to ronnie with urgency : senator kassebaum Mr. President , the three of we be Senators from you own party , you can not get a friendlier room than this . that be why we feel so comfortable tell you that South Africa be a human rights disaster . black be beat , torture and gun down in the street . the America people be horrify by apartheid . ronnie look frustrated with the Senators . ronnie I be sorry , Senator kassebaum , but I will not show weakness to Russia by back down on this issue . senator lugar but Mr. President , you own personal world leadership be at stake . the United States of America need to be on the right side of history on the race issue . ronnie look at they all with he iron will , when he be convinced he 's right , nothing can change he mind . ronnie let I be clear so that there 's no confusion , if Congress pass this bill , I will veto it . period . Pat Buchanan smile at the three Republican Senators who just stare at ronnie , they can not believe it . cecil also stare at ronnie , he can not believe it either . int . white house - dishwashing room - day cecil pour out the leave over tea from he teapot . he look disturb on a deep level . int . white house - live room - night ronnie sit alone behind he desk , he be write a check out for $ 2000 . cecil walk in . 113. cecil yes , Mr. President . ronnie I have a secret mission for you , cecil . cecil yes , sir . ronnie I like to send people money when they write I about they financial problem , but my staff have be try to get I to stop . you think you could help I keep this go ? ronnie place the check in a envelope and hand it to cecil . cecil absolutely , Mr. President . ronnie look up at he , something on he mind . ronnie cecil , do you ever go to that civil rights rally in the sixty ? cecil no , sir , I be too old for that sort of thing . ronnie I know what you mean . ronnie look troubled , try to work through he feeling . ronnie ( cont 'd ) this whole civil rights issue ... I sometimes fear I be on the wrong side of it ... that I be just wrong . he turn to cecil , a touch lose . ronnie ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? cecil stare at he , amaze . int . gain house - day 90 year old cecil stare into the video camera , still amaze . 114 . cecil never in my life have a President of the United States ask I what I think about anything . camera man so what do you tell he ? cecil I tell he the truth . int . white house - live room cecil smile at the President with understanding . cecil I sometimes think the same thing about myself , Mr. President . ronnie nod . then point at the envelope with the check - ronnie I appreciate you help with we little project . and do not tell Nancy about it . cecil I will not , Mr. President . int . hallway - white house - continuous as cecil walk into the hallway he hear from behind he . nancy cecil . cecil tense up , quickly put the envelope in he pocket . cecil yes , Mrs. Reagan ? nancy you be very well like around here . everyone say you be the man that get they raise and promotion . I have no idea you be such a rebel . how would you get to be like that ? cecil smile , try to play it off like a joke . 115 . cecil I be not a rebel , Mrs. Reagan , it just seem like it be time . she smile at he , clearly like cecil . nancy I want to talk to you because I have like to personally invite you to the State dinner next week . cecil but I be go to be there , Mrs. Reagan . nancy no , cecil , not as a butler , I be invite you as a guest . cecil be stunne , do not know what to say . cecil but ... the President prefer for I to serve he personally . nancy do not worry about , ronnie . in 11l take care of that . so we will see you and you wife next week , yes ? cecil ( stun ) yes , ma be . ext . gain house - day wearing a three piece tux , cecil walk out of he house with gloria who be in a ball gown . they be greet with a wild round of applause from the neighbor who be all outside . int . white house - entrance hall - day gloria be be escort by a military aide toward the East room . she look around in total amazement , cinderella at the ball . cecil wander behind she like all the other male date . booker can I get you champagne , Mr. gain ? cecil slap he on the shoulder . 116 . cecil oh , come on now ! booker start to laugh . then from behind they they hear : military aide lady and gentleman , the President and first Lady of the United States . the military Band begin ' hail to the Chief 's as ronnie and Nancy walk down the hall to great fanfare . gloria stare at Nancy who greet all of she guest with charisma . gloria be in awe of Nancy as she whisper to cecil . gloria she 's so strong . int . state dinning room - night they be seat at separate table as all of the butler smile at cecil , very proud . a butler serve he tomato soup . butler this one be make special , Mr. gain . cecil oh , come on now ! cecil glance over at gloria who be seat near Nancy , she beam at the first Lady who be control the table . cecil look around at all of the butler serve the room - carefully set down dish , refilling water and wine glass . they be a impressive , well oile machine . but cecil 's smile slowly start to drop . he do not know why , but he do not like what he see . int . gain house - day 90 year old cecil look confuse at the memory . cecil it be real different sittin’ at the table instead of servin’ it . Real different . 117 . int . white house - kitchen - day cecil walk into the kitchen where chef luke be prepare a glorious chocolate mouse . all of the staff look confuse . chef luke what be you do here ? cecil I want to see if you need any help . chef luke get back up there ! cecil alright , alright . int . white house - east room - night all the guest be have after dinner drink . cecil look even more unhappy , but gloria be shin , outgo . booker walk over , whisper to cecil . booker how 's it go , blood ? cecil Real nice . ( then ) be even nicer if I be here for real instead of for show . booker smile at cecil with empathy , he finally get it . int . gain house - night they walk into the house , gloria be on cloud nine , still on a high from the night . cecil look conflict , almost confuse . gloria I think that be one of the great night of my life . cecil smile , but it 's clear he have a different experience . int . gain house - bedroom - night gloria be asleep , but cecil lie wide awake . 118. cecil v.o. I could not understand why such a lovely night would cause I so much trouble . he look over at gloria who be sound asleep with a big smile . cecil v.0o . ( cont 'd ) it have a whole different effect on gloria . ext . rally - day a huge rally be take place with hundred of black woman face a stage where a nervous gloria stand at a microphone . gloria I be just a quiet house wife from Washington DC , I never once see myself as have the courage to stand up in front of people and speak out . ( then ) but for far too long the black woman have live in the shadow . I say it be time we step out from the dark and let we voice be hear ! the crowd roar with approval , no one louder than cecil . but as gloria continue she speech , cecil look a touch lose . cecil v.o . the more gloria come into she own , the more confuse I feel . int . white house - entrance hall - day cecil pass out cookie to people in the White House tour , he look unhappy . cecil v.o. for the first time in 34 year I start to feel restless at work . int . white house - dishwashing room - day cecil be wash dish , look almost angry . cecil v.o. I feel like I do not know who I be anymore . 119 . int . gain house - bedroom - day 90 year old cecil be wear a tie and pants , he clean off he suit jacket with a lint brush . cecil then I remember that the last time I feel this way be after I read that book when I be a kid . int . public library - day cecil be in a library look at the stack of book . cecil v.o. so I figure they might explain to I why I be upset again all this year later . he pull a copy of ' eye on the prize 's off the shelf . int . public library - later he sit at a table read the book . there be a picture from 1960 of the black student at the sit-in be taunt . cecil v.o. I remember when this happen , but I do not know how bad it get . int . white house - locker room - day cecil read ' race , reform and rebellion 's about the freedom rider , there be a picture of the burn bus . cecil v.o. readin 's about this kid make I embarrassed about how wrong I have be about they at first . they be never criminal ... int . gain house - live room - night cecil sit on the couch read ' pillar of FIRE 's , there be picture of the various student protestor . cecil v.o. ... they be heroes . all of they . ( more ) 120 . cecil v.0o . ( cont 'd ) James bevel , John Lewis , ella Baker , stokey carmichael , Bernard Lafayette , Carol nash . he turn the page and there be a full page picture of Louis hold a sign that say ' I am a man . 's cecil be stunne . cecil v.0o . ( cont 'd ) and then there he be , my boy ... int . gain house - live room cecil smile into the camera . cecil ... right along the rest of they . for the first time we see the camera man - it 's Louis , now 66 , he 's bald with grey temple . tear roll down he cheek as he listen to he father . cecil smile at he son , so proud . cecil ( cont 'd ) we have barely speak for almost ten year , and when I see you picture I realize that it have be the worst ten year of my life . I never know I could miss someone as much I miss you . louis I miss you too , dad , I miss you so much . cecil when you be bear I promise you that nuthin’ be gonna ever tear we apart ... ext . cecil 's neighborhood - WASHINGTON DC - day cecil walk down the street , there be still rubble from the ' 68 riot , most of the building be run down and board up , a drug dealer on the corner , a prostitute on another . cecil v.o. ..- and now it be time to keep my promise . 121. ext . south african embassy - day hundred of protestor be outside the South African embassy with sign ' freedom in South Africa 's and ' end apartheid 's . Louis be at the front of the crowd stand next to Amy Carter , who be now 18 . Louis talk to a reporter . louis twenty - five year ago we march in this country for we rights , today we march to free the people of South Africa ! the crowd cheer around he . reporter be you surprised by President Reagan 's veto ? louis Ronald Reagan have attack or dismantle every civil rights program that have ever be put in to place . aid the oppression of black South african be consistent with he policy on race issu -- . Louis stop talk as he see cecil watch he from across the street . Louis be stunne . louis ( cont 'd ) please excuse I for a minute . the reporter move on to Amy Carter . reporter Amy , do you father , former President Carter approve of what you be do here ? Louis walk up to cecil . the two of they stare at each other for a long beat . it 's be so many year . louis hi , dad . cecil hi , Louis . louis what be you do here ? cecil I come here to protest with you . 122. louis but we be gonna get arrest , you will lose you job . cecil I resign today . Louis be shocked , can not believe it . louis why ? cecil smile . cecil I want to join the belove Community . Louis beam as he wrap he arm around he dad in a huge hug . this time , he 's the one that do not want to let go . int . jail cell - day cecil and Louis sit side by side in a hold cell cramme with 20 other protestor . cecil look nervous . louis do not worry , dad , we will be out ina few hour . cecil how many time have you be arrest ? louis sixty -three . cecil be stunne , have no idea . they sit for a moment . then , cecil start to sing : cecil ' we shall overcome . we shall overcome . Louis join in with he - cecil and louis ' we shall overcome someday . 's they continue sing into the next scene ... 123. ext . gain house - day cecil and gloria be twenty year older with full head of grey hair . cecil help gloria gingerly walk down they block , ' barack obama for president 's sign be on every lawn . cecil and louis v.o . ' we be not afraid . we be not afraid ... ext . cecil 's neighborhood - day they continue they walk through the neighborhood , it have be revitalize , lot of new building and store , no more rubble . ' barack obama for president 's sign in every window . cecil and louis v.o. 'o .. we be not afraid someday . 's ext . grade school - day they walk up a tree line street to a elementary school with a sign - ' poll Station # 54 . vote here on November 4 ! 's they stare at it for a long moment , then gloria tear up . gloria my grandparent be bear slave , and in a week I be gonna come here and vote for a black man to be President of the United States . she turn to cecil with tear in she eye . gloria ( cont 'd ) never in my wildest dream do I ever imagine this could happen in my lifetime , and now I be not only gonna see it , but I be gonna be a part of it . cecil take she hand . cecil ai not it something , honey bear . gloria it sure be , baby doll . int . gain house - night cecil help gloria gingerly sit down on to they bed . 124. gloria Reagan do what ?! cecil he have have I send check to people that send he letter about how poor they be . gloria so the man cut welfare benefit for million , but send poor people money out of he own pocket ?! cecil shrug . gloria think for a moment , then confess : gloria ( cont 'd ) I keep send Louis money after you tell I to stop . louis for how long ? gloria year . cecil stare at she , then smile . cecil I do too . gloria no ! cecil he never know it be from I . they both start to laugh as cecil walk into the bathroom . cecil ( cont 'd ) I stop after the fight , but I do not want to . how much would you send he ? she do not respond . cecil ( cont 'd ) how much do you send he ? he walk back into the bedroom . cecil ( cont 'd ) honey bea - -? 125 . he stop as he see that gloria be pass out in a unusual position . cecil immediately know that something be wrong . int . church - day cecil be at a podium in front of a pack church next to a casket . the audience be fill with a huge crowd , watch cecil eulogize with a joy at he gloria 's beautiful life . cecil as a poor negro girl grow up in the deep south , never in she wildest dream do my beautiful wife think she would lead march and rally in front of hundred of black woman . the audience applaud . cecil ( cont 'd ) as a poor negro girl in the deep south , never in she wildest dream do my beautiful wife dream that she would she see she son become a United States Congressman . Louis smile as the audience applaud the Congressman . cecil ( cont 'd ) and as a poor negro girl in the South , never in she wildest dream would my beautiful wife think she have see she husband arrest for protest the Iraq War . both of they ! Wild applause . cecil ( cont 'd ) the story of my gloria , be the story of this country . she live most of she life quiet in the shadow , afraid to lift she head . but when the truth become clear , she find the courage to speak she mind . not just as a black woman , but as a proud american . she live a wonderful life , and I be so proud to know she . my family 's only regret ... 126 . ext . gain house - basement - night Louis be in the basement of he father 's house . he look at all picture on the wall of cecil with all of the president , but instead of the actor that play the president , it 's cecil with the actual president . cecil v.o. ..- be that she never get to vote for a black man , a African - american , for President of the United States . Louis look at a black and white photo of cecil with ike . a picture of cecil serve LBJ . a bronze bust of Robert Kennedy sit next to JFK 's tie that Jackie give he . cecil v.0o . ( cont 'd ) but in my heart I 'il know that she will see he victory ... a picture of cecil , booker and Carter smile with Nixon be next to a picture of cecil and Nancy Reagan . cecil v.0o . ( cont 'd ) .-.- she will be up in Heaven smile down with all of we ancestor ... he look at the book case that be fill with dozen of book on African - american history . he pull a book off the shelf and start to thumb through the picture . cecil v.0o . ( cont 'd ) .+.- so proud of how far America have come . he stop at - a picture of the smile emmet till . all this year later , the image be still very painful for he . cecil v.0o . ( cont 'd ) Louis ! get up here ! Louis hurry up the step . int . gain house - live room - night the live room be pack with people - cecil , Louis , Sarah , booker , Carter , Howard , gina and she new husband . lot of kid and grandchild . all eye be glue on the tv : 127 . CNN anchor we can officially announce that Barack Obama will be the 44th President of the United State . the room scream in joy , hug and tear . CUT to : full screen - archival news footage : the real footage of President Barack Obama , he wife Michelle , and they daughter , sasha and malia , stand on stage in grant Park wave to the crowd of thousand . int . gain house - live room - night everyone in the gain house watch the tv in awe as President Barack Obama and he family wave to the crowd . there be no tear , no cheer , no noise , just silence , stunne silence as they stare at the new first family . Louis and cecil both turn to each other , they can not believe it . from the tv - barack obama begins he speech : barack obama '' if there be anyone out there who still doubt that America be a place where all thing be possible ; who still wonder if the dream of we founder be alive in we time ; who still question the power of we democracy , tonight be you answer . '' cecil put he arm around Louis , hold he son . int . gain house - day 90 year old cecil wear the suit that he have be prepare the whole film as he tie a tie on Louis . cecil so let I ask you a question , Congressman . louis yes , sir ? 128 . cecil why do you have to make you dad worry about you so much all that year ? Louis think about it , then : louis so one day he could meet the man we be about to meet . int . white house - entrance hall - night cecil and Louis sit in the entrance Hall of the White House . cecil look around - the painting , the sculpture , the clock - it truly be american splendor . through a door , he see the head butler , black , teach a new young butler . all of the china , flatware and stem ware be line up exactly how they be when freddie teach cecil . cecil can not help but notice that both butler be black . a may walk by , she be mexican . two housemen carry a antique wooden bench down the hall . they be both black . cecil 's eye drop ever so slightly . then , the new Chief usher , admiral stephen rochon , black , walk up to they . admiral rochon Mr. gain , Congressman gain , I be Admiral rochon , the Chief usher . cecil look surprised that he 's African - american . cecil it 's nice to meet you , Admiral . do you sign on with President Obama ? admiral rochon no , I start with President Bush . the last one . cecil ( smile ) well that 's just fine . admiral rochon I just want to tell you what a honor it be to meet you both . louis the honor be ours , Admiral . 129 . Admiral rochon gesture toward the State dining room . admiral rochon President Obama be ready for you . they look at each other as they get up and walk down the hall toward the State dining room pass all the presidential portrait - LBJ , nixon , ike , carter , reagan and JFK . the secret service open the door as they see the back of president barack obama . he be look up at the great painting of abraham lincoln that hang above the mantel . a smile form on cecil 's face as the butler and he son walk toward the first black President of the United States . fade to black . the end