legally blonde Karen mccullah lutz &amp ; kirsten Smith shoot draft July 31 , 2000 int . delta gamma house - day 1 " head over heel " by the go- go 's play as we wind through a flock of abstract , silky , golden strand -- pulling back , to discover that the strand be hair on a blonde girl 's head . but not just any blonde girl , a girl in Delta gamma , the blondest , most beautiful sorority at usc . we pull back further to see that she 's signing a handmade card . she hold it up ~ over her shoulder , we see heart and glitter surround and " good luck tonight ! " and " elle and Warner forever ! . " she carry the card out of she room and we follow her across the hall , into the room of -- three blonde cheerleader , who stop practice they pom-pom routine to sign the card . as they finish , we follow the Card girl out and into the room of -- a blonde girl in a tank top and short , work out on a stairmaster as " General Hospital " play on a tiny tv . she sign the card while continue to exercise . we move on , to the room of -- a blonde girl making out with her boyfriend who stop long enough to sign the card , as she boyfriend nibble on she neck . she hand the card back and we head into the room of -- a blonde party girl who pour a pink freeze margarita into a glass from the blender , then pass it down to another blonde girl , assembly - line style . the card go one way , be sign , as the drink go the other . once the card arrive back in the Card girl 's hand , we follow she out of the room and down the hall until she reach the very last and biggest door -- she put a kiss mark on the card , then kneel down and slide the card under the door . int . elle's delta gamma room - day - continuous 2 the card slide into the pink room , hit the foot of underdog , a tiny chihuahua ~ who pick it up in he mouth and trot it over to a pair of perfectly pedicure foot in strappy sandal . a equally perfectly manicure hand with a " sister forever " charm bracelet dangle from the wrist , scoops up underdog . ( continued ) 2 . 2 2 as he rise , we rise with he , pass tone , wax , tan leg in pink prada pedal pusher and a pair of perky boob encase in a spaghetti-strap top -- until we finally reveal a magnificent head of long blonde hair and a sweet , beautiful face . this be elle wood , 21 , the goddess Queen of Delta gamma . she talk on a pink , fuzzy phone . elle ( into the phone ) I love you , too ! behind she , a " go usc " banner be pin to the pink wall . a stack of " cosmopolitan " 's and " glamour "s teeter on the dresser . the closet overflow with trendy , designer clothes in a predominance of pink . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; into phone ) I will see you tonight . she hang up and let out a squeal of joy , kissing underdog 's head and take the card out of he mouth . she read it , touch . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) " elle and Warner forever " . aww ... underdog yip . 2 3 int . delta gamma house - live room - day - same time a Delta gamma / sigma chi barbecue in full swing . beautiful college student drink beer and mingle , try to figure out who they be go to sleep with next . the main wall of the live room have be designate as a " model Wall " of Delta gamma girl -- elle smile at we from a Hawaiian tropic ad and a miss June usc calendar photo . a cover of a italian vogue show a blonde sexpot margot ; a usc cheerleader poster display a hard - body non- blonde serena in a pom-pom pose . serena walk up , fend off a admirer . serena Jeremy , enough ! I be not go to formal with you . Jeremy slink off as margot arrive , agitate . margot can someone please tell Rick that he be not the only sigma chi with a big penis ? ( continued ) 3. 3 elle ( o.s. ) you guy be so sweet ! elle , a vision of fluffy blondeness , run down the stair toward serena and margot , hold the card . elle ( cont 'd ) but I ' m not positive it 's gonna happen to n i g h t -- . serena helloo ... he just have lunch with he grandmother . you know he get " the rock " . margot why else would she have fly in from Newport ? it 's not like she would fed ex a six carat diamond . elle ( excited ) you think ? serena I can not believe you be get engage ! · . . the three girl jump up and down , squealing and hugging . elle c'mon · -- you have to help I pick out the perfect outfit . as they head toward the door , elle spot amy , a shy girl in a Delta gamma pledge sweatshirt , stand alone . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) Amy , what 's wrong ? amy I do not really -- know anyone . elle ( teasing ) that 's because you spend too much time in the library . come with I . ( to serena and margot ) I will meet you outside . as they go , elle lead Amy over to a group of jovial sigma chi brother . ( continued ) 4. ( 2 ) 3 elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) bra ndon , Jason , grant -- this be Amy . why do not you tell she about the time you guy go golf naked ? elle wink at Amy and . head off as the guy launch into they story . brandon it be classic . Jason hit with wood all day . grant and we never run out of ball -- Amy laugh . int . sunset plaza boutique - day serena and margot watch as elle stand in front of a mirror , try on a herve leger white mini-dress . sexy and ultra - tight . ; elle too demure ? margot I think you should go with red . it 's the color of confidence . elle well , I do not want to look like I know what 's come . . . serena I do not understand why you be completely disregard you signature color . she hold up a tiny pink slipdress . elle he 's propose ! I can not look like I would on any date . this be the date . the night I will always remember . I want to look special . bridal . . . but not like I suspect anything . across the store a saleswoman look at she cohort . ( continued ) 5 . 4 saleswoman ( sot.to ) there ' 's nothing I love more than a dumb blonde with daddy 's plastic . she grab a dress off the clearance sale rack , rip off the " half price " tag . on elle and the girl . serena I can not wait to see you wear the rock ! elle look at they , suddenly concerned . elle wh at if -- you know -- it 's not the night ? margot why else would he be take you to the ivy ? you have be dating for a year -- it 's not like he 's try to impress you . serena elle , you have hear the man pass gas in he sleep . that practically mean you be pre-engage . ' " the saleswoman approach with the dress , kiss - assy smile on she face . saleswoman do you see this one ? we just get it in yesterday . elle finger the dress , then the new price tag , look back at the saleswoman , excited . elle be this a low-viscosity rayon ? saleswoman uh , yes -- of course . elle with half - loop top-stitch on the hem ? saleswoman ( smile a lie ) absolutely . it 's one of a kind . ( continued ) 6 . CO not I nu E D : ( 2 ) . · 4 ^ elle hand the dress back to she , no longer pretend to be excited . elle it 's impossible to use a half - loop topstitch on low-viscosity rayon . it would snag the fabric . and you do not just get this in , because I remember it from the June vogue a year ago , so if you be try to sell it to I at full price , you pick the wrong girl . the saleswoman slink off , embarrassed . margot ( to the saleswoman ) Nice try ... elle shake she head and turn back to the girl as she slip on she manolo blahnik sandal , do one last mirror check , smoothing down she golden mane . elle ( dramatically ) Girls , this be it . in a few hour , I will be the future Mrs. Warner huntington III . 5 ext , delta gamma house - night a attractive male finger press the doorbell . 6 int . delta gamma house - foyer - night - same time Amy peek through the peephole and turn . amy ( whisper ) he 's here ! elle , stand nearby with margot and serena and several other dg 's , smooth down she dress and take a deep breath , of pene the door to find -- warner huntington , III , 21 , tall , chisele and outrageously handsome . he take she in , a smile spread across he face . warner you be beautiful . elle so be you ! ( continued ) .7. 6 she look up at he , blush and completely smitten . they kiss . after a moment , - Warner extract himself . warner ( nervous ) you ready ? her face be awash with devotion . elle I be so ready . 7 ext . the ivy - night Warner and elle be seat at a cozy table on the patio . elle take a sip from she freshly pour champagne flute . nervous and excited . elle here ' 's to ~ we . Warner be slower to sip he . warner the reason I want to come here tonight be to discuss we future . elle be on the edge of she seat . elle I ' m fully amenable to that discussion . warner I mean , we be have a lot of fun now -- but thing be gonna be different when I ' m at Harvard Law school be a completely different world . I need to be serious . elle of course . warner my family expect a lot from I . and I expect a lot from I . I .plan on run for office some day . elle and I fully support that . ( continued ) 8. 7 7 WA R N er but the thing be , if I ' m gonna be a senator by the time I ' m thirty -- I can not keep dick around . elle I completely agree . warner T hat 's why I think it 's time for we to -- elle take a deep breath , fill with anticipation . warner ( cont 'd ) ( to n ig . . · &gt ; . ' . c n iu n ) I think we should break up . elle 's champagne glass drop from she hand and crash onto the patio . elle what ? elle start to flush , completely catch off guard . warner I ' m sorry , elle , I just -- elle you be break up with I ?! ( tear up ) I think you be propose . warner propose ?! elle , if I ' m go to be a politician , I need to marry a Jackie , not a -- Marilyn . elle ( stunne ) you be break up with I because I ' m too -- blonde ? warner T hat ' 's not entirely -- elle then what ? my boob be too big ? warner . elle -- no --· you boob be fine -- her tear start . ( con tinued ) .9. i ( 2 ) continu ed : elle so when you say you would always love I , you be just " dick around " ? Warner look around the restaurant nervously . warner I do love you , elle . I just can not marry you . you have no idea the pressure I ' m under . my family have five generation of senator . my brother be in the top three at Yale Law . he · just get engage to a vanderbilt , for crissake . elle stare at he aghast , tear stream down she face , then push she chair away from the table and walk out . warner ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) it 's not like I have a choice , sweetheart he follow she out . 8 ext . ' STREET - night 8 elle teeter down the sidewalk as best she can in she three inch heel , sobbing . Warner pull up alongside she in he convertible saab . warner c'mon . let I take you home . elle no . warner elle -- it 's twenty mile back to campus . elle stop , think a minute , then get in , still cry . catch she poofy little purse in the door . she re-open i t , yanking the purse back in . Warner pull out . 9 ext . delta gamma house - usc - night 9 Warner pull up in front . it 's a starry , romantic night . everything should be perfect . it 's not . elle sit , still in shock , as tear continue to eke out . warner elle , believe I , I never expect to be do this , but I think it 's the right thing to do . ( continued ) 10 . 9 elle how can it be the right thing if we be not together ? warner . I have to think about my future . and what people expect from I . elle so you be break up with I because you be afraid you family will not like I ? ( through she tear ) everybody like I ! warner East coast people be different . elle just because I ' m not a vanderbilt , all of a sudden I ' m white trash ? I grow up in bel Air , Warner ! across the street from Aaron spell ! I think most people would agree that 's way better than a vanderb ilt -- warner I tell you , elle . I need someone -- serious . elle I ' m seriously in love with you -- be not that enough ? he look away . warner I ' m sorry . she get out of the car and drag herself up the stair to she sorority house . when she 's at the top , she turn back to look at he . his perfect cheekbone highlight by the streetlamp . he meet she eye , pain , but determine . then pull away , leave she there . 10 int . delta gamma house - usc - night 10 elle walk down the pink and green carpete hall , daze and tear-stain . margot and serena emerge from the bathroom , post -shower . get ready for a night out . ( continued ) . :- 1l 10 10 margot why be you back so soon ? serena see elle 's bare hand . serena . do he forget the ring ? elle silently walk into she room . serena and margot follow , worried . 11 int . elle's delta gamma room - night - continuous 11 elle slump down in a inflatable chair , hugging she knee and cower in a wretch little ball . underdog stare at she , concerned . serena and margot stand in the door . margot elle ? serena where 's the rock ? elle ·. .·. we be not engage . it 's over ! serena and margot what ?! elle . he break up with I ! serena and margot gasp in horror , rush to she side . serena be it a kappa ? margot it 's not a theta -- elle no -- it 's just -- not I . I ' m cancel the mixer . we will blacklist sigma chi . elle thank you , serena , but I do not think it will do any good . ( continued ) 12 . 11 11 serena what happen ? elle start to lose it again . ; elle I do not know ! everything be normal at first and then he say he need someone mo be e -- ( sob-choke ) serious ! . margot S e be i of u 's ? ! who the hell do he think he i 's ? y of u ' be e the most popu l a be month on the U S C calendar ! S h e point to elle 's " miss June " page , hang on the wall . ser en a o h , he be so over on this campus . elle I just don ' t underst a n d what go wrong -- ma rg ot maybe it 's the grandmother . have you e v e be I t he be ? E l l e wipe she face . elle last month on he birthday . and she like I ! she say I look like Britney Spears . why would you say that to someone you do not like ? they shrug , mystify . serena how could this happen ? elle I do not know ! I do not know anything any more ! ( wiping a tear ) I just need to be by myself . serena be you sure ? elle nod . the girl rise , hugging she . ( continued ) 13 . 11 ( 2 ) 11 margot we still love you . sister forever ! elle ( sniffle ) thank you . I love you , too . as they go , margot look at serena . margot oh , God . what if josh do not think I ' m serious enough ? . serena helloo ... you let he have anal sex with you . ( tv version ) helloo ... you let he videotape you diddling yourself . · margot you be right . phew ! as the girl go , they shut the door behind they . elle get up and grab a framed photo of Warner , then lie down on she bed , clutching it to she heart . underdog leap up and give she little doggy kiss . 12 ext . delta gamma house - day 12 the sun rise on a sad day . " hopelessly devote " by olivia · Newton - John play . . 13 int . delta gamma house - hallway - day 13 Amy knock on elle 's door . amy elle ? another sister pass . another sister · ( whisper ) do not you hear ? she lead a reluctant Amy down the hall . 14 int . elle's delta gamma room - day 14 spread out on the bed be picture of elle and Warner : the sigma chi formal ; they homecome Queen and King " wave " ; ( continued ) 14 . 14 14 a 60' party ; mardi gras night ; beach weekend at coronado . next to the picture be thirty dry ecuardorian long - stem pink rose , remnant of they one year anniversary . in the center sit elle , wear Warner 's old oversize sigma chi t-shirt , clutching a gund teddybear . depress and look like hell , she speak to a unseen confidante . elle I just love he so much ! I love he the first moment I see he . he 's beautiful and smart and someone I totally respect . and I do everything I could to make he love I , but it be not enough . now what be I suppose to do ? I plan my whole future around he . my life be go to be all about Warner . now what 's it go to be about ? she look up -- wait . stare back at she be underdog -- who sadly have no answer for she . 15 int . elle's delta gamma room - day 15 elle remain in bed , underdog now clutch to she chest , soap on the tv . tv soap stud ( on tv ) " oh , darling . I will love you forever . " elle ( teary ) bullshit ! serena and margot enter , bear jamba juice . margot honey , stop ! you have to leave this room -- it 's be a week . elle so ? + S erena sit down on the edge of the bed , try to psyche elle up . serena what 's the thing that always make we feel better , no matter what ? . margot cunnilingus ? ( continued ) 15 . 15 15 elle let out a wail , realize what she will be miss . serena shoot margot a stern look . serena no -- the thing after that , 16 int . upscale manicure shop - day 16 a row of uniform manicurist and they classy client . chatter away . therapy in full session . serena sit in front of she regular nail technician . serena it be awful . we all think she would be the first to walk down the aisle and now she 's totally adrift . the nail technician shake she head in share girl - power - angst -- look over at elle , who sit in the wait area , shell - shocked , but shower . elle pick up the only magazine leave on the table -- " town &amp ; country " . she wrinkle she nose . a old lady next to she read " seventeen " . elle look at she , begrudge the access to teen beauty tip , and flip through " town &amp ; country " n oisily until she freeze on -- the engagement section . she gasp . elle oh , my God ! . she look at a photo of a horse - face young woman stand next to a three - year -older version of warner . she turn to the old lady next to she . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) do you know who this be ? the old lady look . old lady no . elle it 's Warner 's older brother ! old lady who ? elle continue , undaunted . ( continued ) 16 . 16 16 EL le he just get engage to this -- this very unfortunate - look girl . ( read ) " third year Yale Law student putnam Bowes huntington III and he fiance layne Walker vanderbilt , first year Yale Law . " she turn to the old lady . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) this be the type - of girl Warner want to marry . this be what I need to become to be serious . the old lady look at the picture . old lady butt ugly ? elle no -- a law student . elle rush out . serena look after she . serena elle ? ( turn back to she nail technician ) she will never get he back with that cuticle . 17 int . counselor' office - day 17 elle sit in front of she advisor . advisor ( flummox ) Harvard Law School ? elle that 's right . advisor but it 's a top three school -- elle ( offended ) I have a 4.0 . ( continued ) 17 . 17 17 advisor yes , but you major be fashion merchandise . Harvard will not be impressed that you ace " History of lycra " . what be you backup ? elle I do not need backup . Harvard be the school I ' m go to . he decide to humor she . advisor well , then . you will need excellent recommendation from you professor , a heck of a admission essay and at least a one - seventy - five on you lsat . elle ( confident ) I once have to judge a theta chi tighty - whitey contest . trust I -- I can handle anything . 18 int . elle's delta gamma room - day 18 elle sit on the floor surround by pile of lsat prep book , the frame photo of Warner , and underdog . there 's a knock at the door as serena and margot peek inside , gasp in horror at the sight of book . margot what be you do ?! elle smile brightly at they . elle reading about the lsat . margot look at serena , confuse . serena ( in a horrify whisper ) my cousin have they . apparently you get a really bad rash on you -- elle interrupt she . elle the lsat be a exam . she take a deep breath . ( continued ) 18 . 18 18 elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) Girls -- I ' m go to Harvard ! · serena what , like on va-kay ? margot let 's all go ! Road trip ! . serena wait -- cecil have a condo in tahoe . let 's go there ! elle no -- I ' m go to law school at Harvard . they look at she , confuse . margot why ?! serena I mean , I know you be upset and all , but can not you just take a sedative ? elle roll she eye at they naivete . elle once Warner see I as a serious law student , he will want I back . it 's a completely brilliant plan ! margot but be not it kind of hard to get into law school ? elle I have the high gpa in Delta gamma ! margot pull something off she wrist and hand it to elle . margot here . you be gonna need this . elle you scrunchie ? margot my lucky scrunchie . it help I pass Spanish . serena roll she eye and look at margot disapprovingly . ( continued ) 19 . 18 ( 2 ) 18 S er en a you pass Spanish because you give Professor montoya a hand - job after the final . margot ( duh ) yeah , luckily . a montage of the next 3 month begins with ... 19 ext . wood ' bel AIR backyard - day 19 on video , elle sit in a jacuzzi in she bikini . elle ( to the camera ) my name be elle Woods and for my admission essay , I ' d like to tell all of you at Harvard why I ' m go to make a amazing lawyer . 20 int . kappa sig live room - night 20 the girl watch a horror movie with kappa sig . eat popcorn and drink red wine . off to the side , elle read a lsat Study guide . 21 int . delta gamma house - live room - day 21 on video , a Delta gamma chapter meeting take place . elle ( v.o. ) as president of my sorority , I ' m skilled at commanding the attention of a room and discuss important issue . elle bang a gavel , as she sit in front of she sister . elle ( cont 'd ) ~ it have come to my attention that the maintenance staff be switch we toilet paper from charmin to generic . all that oppose to chafing , pleas.e say " aye " . the sister " aye " in unison . underdog bark he approval . 22 int . classroom - night 22 " lsat prep course " be write on the board . elle and forty other law school hopeful take note furiously as practice question be review . 20 . 23 ext . wood backyard pool - day 23 on video , from above , we see elle as she float on a raft in she pool , in a pink versace bikini . she address the camera . elle ( to the camera ) I ' m able to recall hundred of important detail at the drop of a hat . we reveal margot on a raft beside she . margot ( badly act ) elle , do you know what happen on " day of we live " yesterday ? elle why , yes , margot , I do . once again , we join hope in the search for she identity . as you know , she 's be . brainwash by the evil stefano -- 24 int . delta gamma house - live room - day 24 elle take a practice lsat exam as serena , margot and a few other Delta gammas do they butt-crunch in the Delta gamma live room . serena , while clenching she tush , hit a stop watch and elle start write furiously . dissolve to : margot be now on all - four , do donkey kick as she grade elle 's practice exam . she write " 143 " on top and hold it up to elle . elle slump with frustration . 25 ext . beach - day · 25 on video , elle be rollerblade in short and a tank top . elle ( to the camera ) and the law and bi-law of civil obedience be crucial to my life -- serena skate by and fake - elbow elle . ( continued ) 21 . 25 25 elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; call after she ) no shove on the skate path ! City ordinance 22g ! 26 int . library study room - night 26 elle sit in front of Amy , as Amy quizze she with practice lsat question . book be pile high around they . elle gaze out the . window to see --- Warner and some bare - chested fraternity boy carry a keg across the quad . her eye light up and she look at Amy pleadingly . Amy shake she head no . elle slump , then rise and go to the window , close the shade and get back to work . ·27 ext . usc campus - day 27 on video , elle address the camera . elle I feel confident use legal jargon in daily life . CUT to : on video , elle walk across campus with underdog in she purse , feign stage innocence . a random frat boy pinch she butt . she slap he hand , dramatically . elle ( cont 'd ) I object ! 28 int . auditorium - day 28 " lsat exam -- section 1 - 6 " be scrawle on the chalk board . elle sit in a auditorium with about 90 other student , lsat booklet open , fill in answer . concentrate so hard she 's practically get a forehead wrinkle . 29 int . elle's delta gamma room - day 29 on video , elle speak to the camera . elle ( to the camera ) I have see every episode of " the practice " and I ' m even on speak term with Dylan McDermott . CUT to : 22. 30 ext . dylan mcdermott house - day 30 Dylan McDermott get into he car and pull out of he driveway . videotaping madly , the girl follow in elle 's boxster . serena there he be ! . margot pull up next to he ! elle swerve around to pull up next to Dylan McDermott . they scream at he as serena videotape . elle Dylan ! we love you ! Dylan McDermott burn rubber as he flee . ext . usc campus - day 31 " 31 on . video , elle jog while she address the camera . elle : ( to camera ) . . I be totally focus and goal-orient . plus I ' m able to sway people with my very convincing argument . . she turn to serena , jogging next to she . ell E ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) calvin klein 's spring line be atrocious . do not you agree ? serena ( convinced ) absolutely ! 32 int . delta gamma house - foyer - day 32 Amy rush in with a stack of mail , wave a lsat envelope as she call out . amy it 's here ! elle rush down the stair as the other Delta gammas gather around . elle take the envelope and say a quick prayer . ( continued ) 23. 32 32 elle one seventy - five ... one seventy - five ... she open it and stare at it for a long moment . then turn it to the crowd and raise it above she head in triumph . the girl immediately begin jump up and down as group joy ensue . underdog yip with pride . the montage end . 33 int . harvard law admission office - day 33 on the tv , elle stand up in the jacuzzi . elle ( on tv ) and that 's why you should vote for I . elle Woods . future lawyer . for the class of 2003 . the video be pause , as three admission guy in they 4.0' sit at a table pile high with application , the dean of admission at the head of it . stunned silence fill the room . finally one of they speak . admission guy # 1 that be certainly a very -- ( adjust himself ) imaginative essay . admission guy # 2 ( to the Dean ) she do have a 4.0 from usc and she get a one - seventy - nine on she lsat . dean of admission a fashion major ? admission guy # 3 well , we have never have one before ... be not we always look for diversity ? amission guy # 1 her list of extracurriculars be impressive . the Dean look at she application . dean of admission ( unimpress ) she be in a ricky Martin video -- admission guy # 2 clearly , she 's interested in music ... ( continued ) 24 . 33 33 dean of admission ( read on ; skeptical ) she also design a line of faux fur panty for she sorority 's charity project -- admission guy # 3 then she 's a friend to animal as well as a philanthropist . . amission guy # 1 I think it 's obvious that she 's a very well - round individual . he point to elle -- freeze -frame in she bikini- top on video , on the tv . the admission guy look to the Dean . he fold . dean of admission elle Woods -- welcome to Harvard . 34 ext . wood ' backyard - day . 34 elle 's parent -- daniel , in tennis clothes , and the face - lift sapphire -- stare at elle over juice by the pool . daniel ( frown ) Law school ? sapphire put a hand to she throat in distress . elle be confuse . elle it 's a perfectly respectable place ... daniel sweetheart , you do not need law school . Law school be for people who be boring and ugly and serious . and you , button / be none of that thing . sapphire be in agreement . sapphire you be first runner - up in the miss Hawaiian tropic contest . why throw all that away ? elle because this be what I want . I have work hard for it . do not you understand that this be important to I ? ( continued ) 25 . 34 34 she look at she uncomprehend parent . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) go to Harvard be the only way I can get the love of my life back ! sapphire look at she , still not get it . · sapphire can not you just suck he wiener ? ( tv version ) can not you just get you nose do ? elle react to she mother 's skew logic . · 35 ext . harvard dorm - day 35 pale , studious law student clad in earth tone , move into they dorm , carry in they spartan belonging ( coffee maker , book , computer ) . in the distance , a happy pop song ( perhaps " Heaven tonight by hole ) be hear . as it get louder , head turn to see -- a silver , convertible boxster drive up , elle at the wheel , / music blasting . a large moving van follow the boxster . peop le lean out of they window , buzzing with interest as -- elle 's car stop in front of the dorm . she hop out , scoop up underdog and look every inch the LA - Fred - segal - glamour-queen , as she look around with a smile . elle look at underdog . elle we be here ! she bend down to pour some evian into he inflatable doggy dish , inadvertently revealing cleavage to a pass bespectacled boy ( several yard away ) . he trip , drop he I - mac . it shatter into a million piece . not notice / elle stand and turn to two moving guy / who be haul a pink , faux - fur love seat and a pot palm tree out of the truck . ( continued ) 26 . 35 35 elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) this way , guy ! with a beauty queen smile in place , she stride into the dorm as the other student watch in amazement . hanging out of the window arrogant aaron , a mensa geek with attitude , turn to he roommate . arrogant aaron whose knob do she honk to get in here ? 36 ext . law school quad - day 36 " W e l c of m e Law student class of 2003 " banner hang over of be i e n t a t i of n table manned by second year law student ( 2l 's ) with e a be i n g red t-shirt . Club table with banner that read " h a be v a be d Law Journal " and " Environmental Law Association " be 's e t up nearby . E l l e take a packet from a fuzzy male 2l . F U Z Z y 2l class schedule , map , book list . elle h a 's Warner huntington check in yet ? F U Z Z y 2l ( ch ec ki no ) U h , no . maybe you should try the lido deec k. S h e frown and start to move on , but then look through the p a c k e t with a frown and turn back . elle W a i t -- my social event schedule be . mis sin g. F U Z Z y 2l y of u be what ? elle you know -- mixer , formal , beach · trip . ( continued ) 27 . 36 . 36 fuzzy 2l ( deadpan ) there 's a pizza welcome lunch in twenty minute . do that count ? elle ( wrinkling she nose ) I guess it will have t of . . . the fuzzy guy look at the red-shirt bald 2 L next to he , as elle walk off . , fuzzy 2l what the hell . be that ? bald 2l ( watch she go ) malibu barbie life . 37 ext . harvard law school - outdoor garden - day 37 elle sit at the outdoor table , ignore she slice of pizza , as she look around for Warner . not find he , she turn she attention to the Group leader , a burned out 2l in a red t- shirt . burned out 2l okay . welcome to law school . this be the part where we go around in a circle and everyone say a little bit about themselves . let 's start with you . he gesture at a guy with glass , dorky david . dorky david I have a Masters in Russian literature , a ph.d in biochemistry , and for the last eighteen month , I have be de - worm orphan in Somalia . burned out 2l awesome . how about you , enid ? enid , a militant feminista , look up . enid p had from Berkeley in woman 's Studies -- emphasis in the History of combat . and last year , I lead the march for lesbian against drunk driving . burned out 2l killer . ( continued ) 28 . 37 37 he look at a intense guy in he late twenty , ivan . intense ivan I have get a mba from wharton , work on Wall Street for four year , mushed in three ididarod and I ' have figure out how to crash the stock market in Sri Lanka if any of you want to get together later . burned out 2l sweet . what about you ? he look at elle . she sit up straight . elle I ' m a Gemini . I have a bachelor degree from usc , where I be sigma chi sweetheart and president of Delta gamma , and last year '· -- I be homecome Queen . she smile , as the group leader nod , wait . ell E ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) oh! ( dramatically ) two week ago , I see cameron diaz at Fred segal -- and talk she out of buy a truly heinous angora sweater ! whoever say that orange be the new pink be seriously disturb . she look around , pleased . enid ' snicker as the rest of the group stare at elle , dumbfounded . 38 int . elle's dorm room - day 38 a grey , dingy , cell - block style room -- now cramme with elle 's clothes , the pink fluffy love seat and pot palm , along with a elliptical Cross - trainer , pink flamingo party light and a neon pink margarita glass sculpture . elle try to shove a large law textbook into she tiny prada backpack to no avail . she give up and toss the book onto the bed where underdog leap away to miss be squish . elle wish I luck , underdog . it 's my first class as a serious law student . she kiss he and look down at she completely inappropriate skimpy gucci outfit , which she accent by put on trendy , wire - rimmed glass . ( continued ) 29 . 38 38 elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; to herself ) I totally look the part ! 39 int . law school hallway - day 39 elle head for a classroom , amidst a crowd of student who eye she like she 's a alien . she round a corner , see -- warner , in all he handsome glory , look over he schedule . she start toward he , as if pull by a magnetic force . arrogant Aaron see she pass by . arrogant aaron ( seductively ) h l of t e e. . . . . . . el hr. elle keep go , not even notice he . eye only for Warner . arrogant Aaron stomp away , piss at the perceive blow-off . as elle get closer to Warner , she opt for wander past he , seemingly oblivious to he presence . warner ( stunne ) elle ?! elle turn , ultra-nonchalant . elle Warner ?! oh my God , I completely forget you be go here ! he look at she , confuse . people walk by , stare . warner what be you talk about ? you be not here to see I ? elle no , silly . I go here . warner ( still confuse ) you go where ? elle Harvard . Law school . ( continued ) 30 . 39 39 warner v- y -- y ou g of t in to ha rv a rd L aw ? E ll E. ( con fuse d at he confusion ) W h at , like it 's that . hard ? W a rno e be stare at she :-- completely discombobulate . she 's m i l es sweetly and make a show of check she watch . . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) oops ! time for class . meet I after ? on the bench ? warner uh -- sure . she sashays off with a confident smile . 40 int . civil procedure CLASS - day 4.0. student file in and take they seat . elle enter , look around nervously at the impose auditorium . arrogant Aaron , next to she , lean over . arrogant aaron if you be look for the best seat , I hear the front row be the place to be . elle smile at he . elle · thanks . 41 int . civil procedure CLASS - day - later 41 professor elspeth stromwell , a tough - as-nail Grande Dame in she 50 ' 's , address the class . laptop abound -- except for elle , who have a fuzzy pink notebook and a pen with a pink plastic heart on the end . professor stromwell a legal education mean you will learn to speak in a new language . you will be teach to achieve insight into the world around you , and to sharply question what you know . everyone soak this up . include elle . ( C ont in ued ) 31 . 41 41 professor stromwell ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) the seat you have pick be yours for the next nine month of you life . enjoy it . and that of you in the front row , beware . . .. El le , in the front row , between two unshowered braniacs , · look around , panicked . one of the braniac pass she the seating chart and she have no choice but to sign she name . in the back , arrogant Aaron nudge he friend and smile . professor stromwell ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) " the law be reason free from passion . " do anyone know who speak that immortal word ? dorky David raise he hand . professor stromwell ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) yes ? dorky david ( confidently ) aristotle . Professor stromwell approach he the way cruella de ville approach a puppy . professor stromwell be you sure ? now he 's not . dorky david yes ? professor stromwell ~ would you be willing to stake you life on it ? dorky david I think so ... professor stromwell h of with about -- she spin around , roughly poking another student in the head . ( continued ) 32 . 41 ( 2 ) 41 professor stromwell ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) -- he life ? dorky david ( scared ) I do not know . professor stromwell well , I recommend know before speak .. the law leave much room for interpretation -- but very little for self - doubt . as she turn away -- professor stromwell ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) and you be right . it be aristotle . the class half - laugh in relief . professor stromwell ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) I assume you have all read page 1 - 48 and be now well - verse in subject matter jurisdiction . elle look around , surprised , as student open they book . professor stromwell ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) who can tell we about Gordon v. steele ? silence . stromwell look down at the seating chart . professor stromwell ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) Ivan greenstein ? intense Ivan straighten in he ' seat . ivan Gordon sue she doctor for malpractice . professor stromwell and what do the dispute entail ? ( look at she chart ) let 's call on someone in the hot zone . elle Woods ? elle look up , distress . ( continued ) 33. 41 ( 3 ) 41 elle uh ... I be not aware that we have a assignment . professor stromwell ( look at she chart ) Sarah knottingham ? sarah knottingham -- a prim and preppy blue-blood brunette , dress in pearl and a sweater set -- look up . professor stromwell ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) do you think it 's acceptable that Ms. Woods be unprepare ? Sarah look over at elle . elle give she a mortify smile . Sarah turn back to Professor stromwell . sarah no , I do not . professor stromwell would you support my decision to ask she to leave and return to class only when she be prepare ? sarah absolutely . elle can not believe that this girl would betray she . have no choice , , she gather she purse and go , completely humiliate . Professor stromwell return to the matter at hand . professor stromwell now , Ms. knottingham , do diversity jurisdiction ' exist in this case ? 42 ext . law school quad - benches - day - later 42 emmett -- a shy and quirkily handsome 28 - year - old who could pass for young -- sit on a bench , go over some papers . he look up and spot elle -- sit across from he -- look traumatize . emmett be you okay ? elle look up , snap out of she stupor . ( continued ) 34 . 42 . 42 elle do they just -- put you on the spot like that ? like , all the time ? emmett the professor ? yeah , they tend - to do that . socratic method . elle and if you do not know the answer , they just kick you out ? he smile . emmett you have stromwell . elle ( hopeful ) do she do that to you , too ? emmett no , but she make I cry once . not in class -- I wait until I get to my room , but yeah , she can pretty much shrivel you ball -- or you know , you whatever . elle ( stricken ) neat . · ' , ' emmett do not worry . it get better . who else do you have ? elle look at she schedule . elle donovan , royalton and levinson . emmett speak up in donovan 's class . he like people with a opinion . sit in the back for royalton . he tend to spit when he talk about product liability . elle make a face . he smile . like she . ( continued ) 35 . 42 ( 2 ) 42 emmett ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) and make sure you read the footnote in levinson 's class . that 's where all she exam question come from . elle wow . I ' m glad I meet you . she smile at he , grateful . emmett oh , and get one of stromwell 's daily quote right be almost as important as acing the mid-term . but you do not hear it from I . student trickle out of the building . elle " .:. be you a third - year ? Warner walk up , behind emmett , interrupt . warner hey . elle look up , pure adoration on she face . elle hi! emmett rise and walk off . emmett good luck . elle ( call after he ) thanks again for you help ! Warner remain stand , still somewhat uncomfortable with she presence here . warner S of -- uh -- how be you first class ? elle Fine . except for this horrible girl who make I look bad in front of my civ pro professor . but no biggie . you be here now . ( more ) ( continued ) 36 . 42 ( 3 ) 42 elle ( cont 'd ) ( perky ) how be you summer ? she pat the bench beside she . he do not move . · warner ( distract ) good. good . elle do anything exciting ? a female hand snake around Warner 's chest from behind . Warner turn and bring the owner of the hand around to he side , present she . warner ( nervous ) urn , hey , have you meet Sarah ? Sarah , the horrible girl herself , hold out she hand to elle , full of contempt . sarah hi. Sarah knottingham . elle ( to Warner ; horrify ) · you know she ? warner she 's -- Sarah jump in . · sarah . -- I ' m he fiancee . elle stare at she . Sarah tuck a piece of she mousy brown hair behind she ear and there it be -- the rock . elle ( in disbelief ) I be sorry , I just hallucinate . warner Sarah be my girlfriend at prep school . we get back together over the summer at my grandmother 's birthday party . elle look stricken . Sarah give she a smug smile . ( continued ) 37 . 42 ( .4 ) 42 sarah Warner tell I all about you . you be famous at we Club . she say it in a way that be anything but flatter . in fact , it 's completely condescending . sarah ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; pointedly ) but he do not tell I you would be here . warner I do not know -- elle look from Warner to Sarah . elle Excuse I . she rush off . Sarah watch she go , a smug grin on she ' · · ·· face , · sarah ( to Warner ) I think you say she be pretty . 43 ext . STREET / int . elle's convertible boxster - day 43 elle drive , wiping the tear from she face . she spot something off to the side and swerve she car toward it , a gasp of hope escape she lip . her car stop in front of a strip mall salon call " beauty Oasis " . 44 int . beauty oasis - day 44 a downscale , blue-collar salon , with five hair chair and two manicure station . Old lady and young waitress get perm . paulette -- early 40s , lower - middle class , hard - edge , plus - sirzed -- look up as a defeat elle sink into the manicure chair . ( the manicure station be plaster with picture of rufus , a big , slobbering pit-bull ) . · paulette bad day ? elle hold out she hand . paulette dip they into a dish of soapy water . elle you can not even imagine . ( continued ) 38 . 44 44 paulette . spill . , elle let it all out in a rush . elle I work really hard to get into law school -- I blow off spring break and Greek week to study for the lsat , I completely neglect my homecome Queen duty , I hire a coppola to direct my admission video -- all so I could get my boyfriend Warner back and now he 's engage to this awful girl Sarah so it be all for nothing ! I wish I ' d never even come to Harvard . paulette dry elle 's hand and begin filing . paulette after you go to all that trouble ? elle : well , what be I suppose to do ? he 's engage ! she 's get the family six - carat on she bony , unpolish finger . paulette you be ask the wrong girl . I ' m with my guy eight year and then one day it 's " I meet someone else . move out . " elle ( horrify ) what would you do ? paulette cried a lot and gain twenty pound . dewey keep the trailer and my precious baby rufus . I get jackcrap . she look at a picture of the pit-bull . paulette ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; be the dog ) I do not even get to go to he birthday party . elle no ! ( continued ) 39 . 44 ( 2 ) 44 paul ette what could I do ? ( shrugging ) he 's a man who follow he pecker to greener pasture . I ' m a middle - age high - school dropout with stretch mark and a fat ass . happens every day . at least to woman like I . elle . · that 's terrible ! paulette so , what 's this Sarah get that you do not ? Three tit ? - elle she 's from Connecticut . she belong to he stupid country club . paulette be she as pretty as you ? elle look down . elle ( embarrassed ) I ' m not pretty -- I ' m genetically bless . paulette roll she eye , shaking she bottle of polish and start on elle 's right hand . PA ul ett E be sjie .? " ell E she could use some mascara and some serious highlight , but she 's not completely unfortunate - look . ups guy ( o.s. ) hello , lady . paulette look up to see the ups guy , a strapping hunk of a man in he late 30 ' 's . she blushes and smooth down she hair , knock over a bottle of nail polish in the process . try to play it off as she sign for the package . ( continued ) 40 . 44 ( 3 ) 44 ups guy ( cont 'd ) . see ya later . he go . paulette watch he . elle notice . paulette ( hat herself ) . could I be anymore goddamn spastic ? ( beat ) so you be sure , this Warner guy be " the one " ? elle definitely ! I love he ! paulette look at she . paulette if a girl like you can not hold on to she man -- then there sure as hell be not any hope for the rest of we . what be you wait for ? steal the bastard back . 45 int . dormitory - warner be room - day 45 elle knock on Warner 's door , bottle of wine and two glass in hand . elle Warner ? when she get no answer , she write a message on he memo board -- close on -- " call I ! Love , you know who " . she leave the wine bottle and two glass and go . 46 ext . harvard law campus - day 46 elle be in she push - up bikini , recline in she beach chair , pink freeze margarita in one hand , underdog in the other , law book in she lap , pretend to study . we pull back to reveal that she 's sit on the sideline of a touch - football game that Warner be play with a group of other 1 - l' . Warner score easily because the other male eye be all on elle . he shake he head and smile . 41 . 47 int . criminal law CLASS - day 47 elle sit , glaring at Sarah , who keep wave she " the rock " in elle 's direction , as she play footsie with Warner . professor donovan -- 40s , a big fan of himself , salt and pepper hair , no time for bullshit -- stand before the class . professor donovan I should warn you that in addition to compete against each other for the top grade in this class , you will also be compete for one of my firm 's highly covete four internship spot next year where you will get to assist on actual case . let the bloodbath begin . now , let 's commence with we usual torture -- he look around . professor donovan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) ms . Woods -- Sarah and she bitchy , clone - like friend claire exchange know glance . sarah this should be amusing . · professor donovan would you rather have a client who commit a crime malum in se or malum prohibitum ? elle neither . professor donovan why not ? elle I would rather have a client who 's innocent . elle smile , proud of she answer . the class snicker . Warner frown . professor donovan . dare to dream , Ms. Woods . Ms. knottingham ? which would you prefer ? ( continued ) 42 . 47 47 sarah malum prohibitum . because the client would have commit a regulatory infraction as oppose to a dangerous crime . elle raise she hand . professor donovan yes ? Ms. Woods ? ' elle ' .. I change my mind . I ' d pick the dangerous one . she look pointedly at Sarah . elle ( cont ' 'd ) ( continue ) I ' m not afraid of a challenge . Sarah glare back at she . Warner look between the two of · they , worried . 48 int . study lounge - day 48 the Harvard Public interest Law Association meeting be o underway . Warner . listen intently , a few seat away , elle appear to be take note . C L o SE on -- she " note " -- " I be free for dinner tonight . meet I at the cask &amp ; flagon at 8 . " she fold the note and stick it in underdog 's mouth , then point he toward Warner . humiliate but dutiful , underdog bound off . close on -- underdog , as he carry forth he mission , arriv ing at Warner 's foot . underdog be Pov -- Warner discreetly take the note from he , then look over at elle , who feign interest in the meeting . 49 int . cask &amp ; flagon restaurant - night 49 elle wait for Warner , alone at a table . check she watch to see it 's 8:45 , she try not to be sad . 50 int . harvard law library - day 50 Warner and he study group , Sarah and Claire include , sit at a table , go over they outline . elle walk up to the table , hold a basket of muffins , bright smile on she face . ( continued ) 43. 50 50 elle ' I ' m here to join you study group . and look ! I bring sustenance ! she hold up the muffins as the other look up , frown all around . warner ( nervously look at Sarah ) elle , what be you do here ? elle pull up a chair from another table and hold up a muffin . ' elle who 's first ? she sit down next to Warner . sarah we group be full . elle oh , God , be this like a rsvp thing ? claire no , it 's like a smart people thing . and like Sarah say , we be full . warner come on ~ we can make room for one more . Sarah look at Warner with evil eye . sarah we have already assign the outline , and everyone have start theirs ' , claire ( to Warner ) besides , you would not let the fat guy _ join . warner he try to watch I take 'a shower ! Sarah look at elle . sarah the answer be no . Warner look at she , feel guilty . he shrug a " I be sorry " , but elle 's perkiness have go . ( continued ) 44 . 50 ( 2 ) 50 she gather up she muffins and stand , clutching the basket to she chest as she go . elle then I guess I will leave you alone . she walk away , completely deflate , pass by the raging feminist study group . enid call out . enid maybe there 's a sorority you could join instead . elle stop and look at she . elle ( to enid ) you know , if you would come to a rush party , I would have at least be nice to you . enid before you vote against I and call I a dyke behind my back ? elle I do not use that word . only mean people use that word . you must have hear it from Sarah . . she look back at Warner 's table and walk off . as she does. , she 's nearly mow down by a gaggle of nerd lead by dorky david , who knock the muffins out of she hand . she stand there , even more depressed . 51 int . elle's dorm room - day - later 51 elle sink down onto she bed , deflate . she pick up the phone and dial . 52 int . bridal shop - day 52 serena , with a new hairdo , and margot be surround by wedding dress . margot talk on she cell phone . we intercut . margot ( to serena ) it 's elle ! ( into phone ) guess what I ' m do right this second ? elle power yoga ? ( continued ) 45 . 52 52 margot pick out my wedding dress ! elle · what ?! margot josh propose ! elle ( startle ) N of way -- serena grab the phone . serena ( into phone ) ; ; po you have the rock yet ? elle lie . elle almost . serena well , hurry up so you can come home ! we miss you ! elle I miss you guy ! the people here be so vile ! hardly anyone even talk to I unless it 's to say something that 's not nice . Law school suck ! serena oh , my God ! I completely forget to tell you ! elle what ? serena I get bang ! elle ( hurt and annoyed ) re a will y -- margot grab the phone back . ( continued ) 46 . 52 ( 2 ) 52 margot : ( into phone ) keep June first open -- you be one of my bridesmaid . and give Warner we love . elle iwl. il . . . margot hang up and elle follow suit . even more deflate . 53 int . elle's dorm - hallway - day - same time 53 Sarah and Claire walk past elle 's room , the door of which be ajar . sarah it 's not just any Halloween party . it 's a " come as you favorite defendant " party . claire that - 's genius . elle pop she head out of the room . elle ( excited ) no way ! someone at this school be actually have a party ? Sarah and Claire turn around . elle 's face fall when she see that it 's they . sarah no . claire you must have hear we wrong . sarah sorry . look like you will be stay home ton ig ht . alone . they continue on as elle go back into she room , snubbe . 54 int . elle's dorm room - continuous 54 elle shut the door behind she and look at underdog . elle I can not believe this . not only do I not have Warner , but I ' m --unpopular ! the realization hit she hard . underdog bark . she look at he . ·.'. ··· ( continued ) 47 . 54 54 elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) but I be not invite . he bark again . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) you really think I should ? 55 ext . off - campus house - porch - night 55 two foot in high heel and fishnet hose stride purposefully up the sidewalk . . a perfect butt wear a bunny tail wiggle up the step . 56 int . off - campus house - night 56 a party fill with people who be no fun to party with . nametags denote which famous defendant everyone be dress as . menenedez 's , tonya harding 's , and buttafuco 's pepper the room . elle , deck out in a playboy Bunny costume -- look sexy as hell -- stride in . people roll they eye and ignore she . elle continue on . nearby -- enid , dress as lizzie borden , axe in hand / be in the midst of a tirade against some guy dress like William Kennedy Smith . enid the English language be all about subliminal domination . take the word " semester " . it 's a perfect example of this school 's discriminatory preference of semen to ovary . that 's why I ' m petition to have next term be refer to as Winter ovester . the guy back up in fright . as elle pass , enid look over . enid ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) hey , elle -- I have be meaning to ask you ( be she boob ) -- be that real ? elle snort . elle enid , please -- silicone be so 90' . ( continued ) 48 . 56 56 she keep walk . 57 int . into the live room - at the bar - continuous 57 sa rah -- dress as hester prynne -- and Claire -- as Joan of Arc -- sip wine . elle ( continue ; sarcastic ) thanks for invite I , girl . this party be super fun . they roll they eye , check out she Bunny costume . sarah you be suppose to be dress as a famous defendant . elle smile at Sarah . elle I be . do not you hear about the playboy Bunny who slit she ex - boyfriend 's new fiancee 's throat with a break wine glass ? it be tragic . she grab a glass of wine and move on . 58 ext . off - campus house - back porch - night 58 elle walk onto the back porch and find Warner -- dress as O.J. in a usc football uniform , number 32 , with a ball and chain on he foot . elle hey , O.J. Warner turn . he look around for Sarah . not see she , he smile at elle , admire she costume . warner wow . you be a walk felony . elle thank you . have fun ? warner ( c h e c k i n g she out ) now I be . ( continued ) 49 . 58 58 elle ( flirty ) I feel like we have barely spend any time together since we get here . warner that 's because I spend all my time with case study and hypos . elle tell I about it . I can not imagine do all this and donovan 's internship next year . warner ( scoffing ) elle , c'mon , there 's no way you will get the grade to qualify for one of that spot . you be not smart enough . she can not believe he 's say this . he realize he 's go too far , and back -pedal . warner ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) I do not mean -- elle ( cut he off ) be I on glue , or do I not get into the same law school you do , Warner ? warner ( cover ) we will , yeah , but -- elle but what ? we take the same lsat , we take th e same class -- warner I just do not want to see you get you hope up . you know how you get . she stare at he . realizing the awful truth . elle I '11 never be good enough for you , will I ? when he do not answer , she walk back into the house . 50 . 59 int . off - campus house - kitchen - night - same time 59 one of they hold a salad a group of tipsy il stand around . bowl fill with cash . enid I give she two more week . she throw a twenty into the bowl . ' ·. . dorky david two and a half ? he throw in he twenty as well . sarah if she spread she leg , maybe -- arrogant aaron ( adjust he crotch ) only if I ' m feel generous . elle ( o.s. ) what be this ? they turn around to find elle stand there . claire we be betting on how much longer you be go to last . elle ( stung ) what ? sarah look around , elle . do you actually think you belong here ? they all stare at she . elle ( hurt ) why would not I ? enid because the rest of we provide some worthwhile value to society ? arrogant aaron hold on , now -- every society need a bimbo . who be we suppose to sleep with after we get rich ? ( continued ) 51 . 59 59 elle look like she 's be slap . the other laugh at Aaron 's esteem wit . elle you know what ? all of you can just kiss my ass . she yank off she Bunny tail and throw it at they . hurt and anger in she eye . then walk out of the room . ' elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; to herself ) you be about to see just how valuable elle Woods can be . she stomp out of the house . a girl - power song start to play as a montage begins : 60 int . harvard bookstore - night 60 a hot pink laptop be yank off the shelf . CUT to : elle , still in she Bunny suit , minus the tail , stand in line , pay for the laptop . people gape at she , but she 's oblivious in she resolve . emmett walk up behind she in line . he clear he throat , try not to look at she costume . elle turn , see he . elle do not ask . emmett be not gonna . - she march off . laptop in hand . 61 int . elle's dorm room - night 61 a pony - tail elle type a brief , coffee next to she . underdog sleep nearby , belly - up . leg twitching in a nightmare . type furiously , elle break a nail , then struggle to forge on , despite she instinct to stop and repair it . 52 . 62 int . law library - day 62 elle -- arm full of book -- walk past the Warner / Sarah study group . Sarah and Claire scowl at she , but elle pass with she head hold high . 63 int . study lounge - day 63 enid be surround by study material and notecard . when she get up to use the lady ' room , elle casually walk over and slip a notecard into the middle of enid 's stack . then quickly walk on . ' 64 int . beauty oasis - day 64 pau lett e quizze elle from a law textbook as she nail dry . as she wait for elle 's answer , paulette shower underdog with kiss , show he picture of rufus . 65 int . criminal law CLASS - day .. 65 donovan be in the midst of a lecture . he point at elle . professor donovan and the purpose of " diminish capacity " be ? she swallow nervously , then speak . elle to negate mens rea ? donovan nod affirmatively and continue . elle hide a smile . 66 int . law library - night 66 elle reach for a book on a high shelf , but she 's not tall enough . she try a run start and leap for it . still miss it . from the left , she run and leap again , miss again . from the right , she run and leap again , miss again . dorky David walk up and set down a step-stool at she : foot . now wind , she smile she thanks , step up to retrieve she book . 53. 67 int . study lounge - day 67 enid flip through she notecard , memorize , when she come upon a picture of a naked man . oh , the horror . she throw it down in disgust as if she eye have be burn . look around , enid see elle smile and wave at she from across the room . 68 int . law library - day 68 elle walk past arrogant Aaron , as he sleep at he study cubicle , head back on the chair . she stop , back up , and wave she hand over he face . when he do not stir , she take a magic marker out of she knapsack and lean over to write something on he forehead . int . elle1 dorm room - day 69 69 elle work out on she elliptical crosstrainer as she listen to a lecture tape and watch Court tv on mute . lecturer ( v.o . ) " a failure to act can constitute the actus reus for accomplice liability if the defendant have the legal duty to intervene , but fail to do so . " 70 int . law library - day 70&gt ; arrogant Aaron wake up with a start , check he watch , and rush off to class . oblivious to he facial graffiti , which we can not yet read . 71 int . civil procedure CLASS - day 71 Professor stromwell be in front of the class . professor stromwell so you have file a claim . now what ? she look over to see elle sit there , type on she laptop . professor stromwell ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) Ms. Woods ? elle do not you also need to have evidence ? ( continued ) 54 . 71 71 professor stromwell meaning ? everyone now stare at elle . ' elle meaning you need -- reasonable belief that you claim would have , like , evidentiary support ? stromwell be somewhat impressed , but do not show it . professor stromwell and what kind of evidentiary support do this case require ? let 's ask Mr. harriman , who clearly believe that I might be hungry . she look up at arrogant Aaron in the back row . who unknowingly have " eat I " write on he forehead . he look back at she , confuse , as the student around he snicker . 72 ext . beauty oasis - night 72 a " close " sign be on the door . through the window , we see elle and paulette sit in the empty salon , laugh and clinking can of pabst Blue ribbon as they toast elle 's small victory . we pull back , leave they laugh , as the montage end . 73 int . criminal law CLASS - day 73 " the state V. latimer " be write on the board . a pony - tail , less make - up elle take note on she lap -top , as Warner make a argument . warner . accord to swinney v. neubert , swinney , who be also a private sperm donor , be allow visitation rights as long as he come to term with the hour set forth by the parent . so , if we be stick to past precedent , Mr. latimer be not st al ki no -- he be clearly within he rights to ask for visitation . professor donqvan but swinney be a one- time sperm donor , and in we case , the defendant be a habitual sperm donor , who also happen to be harass the parent in he quest for visitation . ( continued ) 55 . 73 " 73 warner but , without this man 's sperm -- the child in question would not exist . he grin and look around as the class murmur they agreement . professor donovan now you be think like a lawyer . emmett enter from the back , hold a file . he stand there quietly , watch . · elle tentatively raise she hand . professor donovan ( cont 'd ) Ms. Woods ? Sarah look at Claire . sarah ( sotto ) the idiot speak . elle although Mr. huntington make a excellent point , I have to wonder if the defendant keep a thorough record of each sperm emission make throughout he life ? the class titter . elle grow annoyed . professor donovan ( bemuse ) why do you ask ? elle 's hesitancy be replace by conviction . elle well , unless the defendant attempt to contact every single one - night - stand to determine if a child result in that union -- then he have no parental claim whatsoever over this child . why this 's p e rm ? why now ? ' emmett 's mouth twitches into a smile . ( continued ) 56 . 73 ( 2 ) 73 elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) for that matter , all masturbatory emission where he sperm be clearly not seek a egg could be termed reckless abandonment . Warner 's mouth hang open . as do Sarah 's and the rest of the class . donovan smile . professor donovan I believe you have just win you case . elle grin . : 74 int . donovan' CLASS - later 74 as the student file out , elle pass donovan . professor donovan you do well today . she stop . elle I do ? professor donovan you be apply for my internship , be not you ? elle I don ' t know -- professor donovan you should . do you have a resume ? elle ( excited ) " ·· ' . ' . · ·. . . i do. ' ' , .''. ·' . . · ; . . she pull a resume out of she briefcase and hand it to he .. he look at it . · professor donovan it 's pink . elle and engrave ... give it that extra little something , do not it ? . ( smile ) see you tomorrow ! ( continued ) . 57 . 74 74 she walk on . emmett walk up , hand the file to donovan . emmett I bring you the windham note . professor donovan ( watch elle go ) you think she just wake up one morning and say , " I think I will go to law school today ! " ? ei timett look after elle , bemuse . emmett aside from that lapse in judgement -- she 's get potential . 75 int . elle's car-day 75 elle drive . paulette be shotgun . · paulette you show up Warner in class ? you be suppose to be show up Sarah . elle I could not help it ! it be the most fun I have have since I have be in law school . not only be I good enough for Warner -- I be better than he . he have to see serious I be now . even donovan be impressed , and he 's a total hard - ass . elle stop the car and turn off the ignition . elle ( cont 'd ) you ready ? paulette · . no. ' · elle yes , you be . go -- you can do this . . she point ahead of they . paulette go . 76 ext . dewey' trailer - day . 76 the door open . dewey ( 40s ) and he beer gut emerge . paulette be on the porch . try to exude confidence , but fail . ( continued ) 9/172000 revision ( Blue ) 58 . 16 76 dewey ( to paulette ) what the hell do yon want ? we be eat dinner . paulette I just -- dewey you just think you would come over and show I what I be definitely not miss ? 77 int . elle's car - day - same time 77 she watch , frown . 78 ext . dewey be trailer - day - continuous 78 ' dewey 's really have fun now . ; dewey ; what the hell happen to you ? you get a job at a do nut shop ? · paulette that 's not what -- dewey how many time you gonna show up here , beggin1 I to take you back ? ' paulette redden -- flustered and humiliate . elle appear next to she . elle dewey newcomb ? dewey who 's askin ' elle . I ' m elle Woods . Ms. bonaf ante 's · . attorney . paulette look at elle in surprise , elle keep go . elle ( cont 'd ) under state law , you and Ms. bonaf ante have a common law marriage which entitle she to the benefit of property law and a equitable division of asset . ( continued ) 59 . 78 " 78 paulette watch elle , mouth hang open . dewey ( confuse ) come again ? elle due to the fact that you retain the residence , Ms. bonafante be entitle to full ownership of the canine property in question and we will be enforce say ownership immediately . dewey : huh ? elle · tell he , paulette . a still - stunne paulette look at elle , then turn to dewey , fire in she ass . '. · " . paulette · I ' m take the dog dumbass . ( call into the trailer ) c'mere , baby , mommy 's here ! rufus bound out , lick and kissing paulette . the love evident . 79 int . / ext . elle's car - a moment later 79 elle , paulette and rufus get in . elle W e do it ! . elle high - fives she . paulette God , that feel great ! elle · look at he . he 's still scratch he head . paulette . which must be a nice vacation for he bls . . al . she turn to rufus , hugging he . ( continued ) 60 . 79 79 paulette ( cont 'd ) and now mommy 's get somebody to eat dinner with again . you do not care what mommy 's butt look like , do you ? elle look over at paulette , heart go out to she . 80 int . civil procedure CLASS - day 80 elle turn on she powerbook as Professor stromwell face the class with she morning quote . professor stromwell " a image and a good hook can get you into a room --· but something have to keep you in that room . " she look around as hand be raise . professor stromwell ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) Mr. greenstein ? intense ivan judge Sandra Day 0'connor ? professor stromwell C ose .. . . l intense Ivan 's face fall . she look around , see elle raise she hand . professor stromwell ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) - Ms. Woods ? elle madonna ? the class roll they eye and laugh , watch stromwell . professor stromwell damn . think I ' d get everyone on that one . the class can not believe elle be right . 81 ext . criminal law CLASS - hallway - day 81 a throng of buzzing student be gather around the bulletin board . elle walk up . ( continued ) 61 . 81 81 elle what 's go on ? dorky david donovan 's firm be defend a major murder case and he caseload be so heavy he 's take on first year intern . elle he choose they already ? Sarah , at the front of the throng , gasp , then turn to Warner . sarah we get it ! he grin and she kiss he on the cheek . elle , shove to the back , try to get closer , when she hear -- enid the competition must not have be that '· stiff . · arrogant Aaron push he way to the board . . arrogant aaron why ? ion .got a spot ? enid hey ! watch you hand , mr.grabass . arrogant aaron ' ( ignore she ) that only leave one for -- elle , now next to he , get a look at the board . elle ( shocked ) I ?! everyone react . she turn and face the throng . they stare back at she in shock . dignify , she walk through they as they part for she , stop in front of Warner and Sarah . EL le ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; to Warner ) · remember the time after Winter formal ? when we spend four incredible hour in the hot tub ...? ( continued ) 62 . 81 ( 2 ) 81 Sarah look away . . · elle ( cont 'd ) this be way better than that . ( push Sarah aside ) Excuse I . I have some shopping to do . as she go , surprised chatter overtake the hallway . 82 int . sak be - womens ' dept . - day 82 · elle scan the rack of conservative clothes . she hold up a cashmere twinset and wrinkle she nose , but throw it over she arm anyway . 83 int . nordstrom be - handbags - day - later 83 elle admire a trendy handbag , but then promptly set it down and pick up a practical leather briefcase . 84 int . austen , platt , jaret &amp ; donovan - lobby - day 84 the elevator door open and Warner and elle emerge . elle be sport she new , boring " lawyer " clothes . Warner be baffle and impressed by she transformation . warner you look -- nice . elle thank you . she give he a aloof smile and walk off . Warner watch she go . Sarah stand in the lobby . none too happy to witness this . 85 int . austen , platt , jaret &amp ; donovan - day - moment later 85 donovan stride through the office , he four intern behind he . he point as he walk . donovan there 's you office , there 's the bathroom , there 's the coffee machine . there 's gerard , Dick and 1 Bobby . gerard , smarmy and trim , dick , short and bald , and bobby , black and bespectacle , wave as the intern pass by . donovan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) they be the other associate on the case . ask they all you stupid question , save the smart one for I . 63. 86 int . austen , jaret , platt and donovan - conference room 86 Professor donovan open he briefcase as elle , Sarah , enid and Warner hang on he every word . professor donovan we be defend brooke windham , whose very wealthy husband be find shot to death in they beacon Hill mansion . sarah gold digger ? professor donovan you would think so , since the stiff be sixty , but she be rich on she own . some kind of fitness empire . you can buy she exercise tape on infomercials . elle frown . elle wait a minute -- be we talk about brooke Daniels ? donovan check he papers . professor donovan m a i d e n name -- Daniels . ( look up ) you know she ? elle she be a Delta gamma ! not in my pledge class or anything -- she graduate , five year ahead of I . but I use to take she class at the LA Sports Club . she 's amazing ! the other look at each other and roll they eye . professor donovan amazing how ? elle she could make you drop three pound in one class . she 's completely gift ! professor donovan well , in all likelihood , she 's completely guilty as well . she be see stand over she husband 's dead body . ( continued ) .4. 6 86 86 WA rn er B y who ? sa rah ( correct he ) whom ? professor donovan his twenty - seven year old daughter and the pool boy . elle maybe she find he like that . p ro F es S or donovan that 's the story she will be tell the jury . we just have to prove it . emmett walk in and sit . emmett sorry I ' m late . elle look at he , confuse . p R o fe S so R donovan this be emmett Kerrigan , another associate . top three in he class and former editor of h a be v a be d Law Review . you have probably see h i m lurking around campus do my research . em I tt or napping on the quad . . elle smile at he . he smile back . almost shy . warner ( to donovan ) what about the murder weapon ? p R o fe S so R donovan the gun be miss . the coroner say he would be dead thirty minute dead when the cop arrive -- give brooke plenty of time to stash it . elle there 's no way brooke could have do this - - exercise give you endorphin , endorphin make you happy -- happy people do not kill they husband ! Sarah and enid snort . ( con tinu ed ) 65 . 86 ( 2 ) 86 professor donovan you do not really believe she 's innocent ? elle of course , I do ! emmett look at she . emmett then we may actually have a case . he look over at donovan , who 's not so sure . .·' . '. 87 ext . boston jail - day 87 grey and impose . 88 int . boston jail - day 88 donovan sit at a long table , next to brooke , a pretty 26 - . year - old blonde with a perfect body and a sad face . the intern and associate sit at the far end of the table take note . a cop stand guard at the door . donovan what alibi ? ' ·. .' brooke I can not tell you . ' donovan you understand you be on trial for murder ? brooke I do not do it ! I walk in , see my husband lie on the floor , bent down to check he heart , scream my head off and chutney and Enrique run inside . donovan where they see you stand over the body cover in he blood . she glare at he . brooke why would I kill my husband ? donovan insurance ? a love affair ? pure unadulterate hatred ? believe I , the da will come up with plenty of reason . ( continued ) 66 . 88 8e B roo ke I l ov ed h im ! do no VA N he be thirty - four year older than you . that do not sound so good to a jury . now she 's piss . brooke then show they a picture of he cock . they might put a few thing together . everyone stiffen except for ell.e , who laugh out loud . donovan , . brooke , I believe you . but a jury be gonna want a alibi . brooke I can not give you that . and if you put I on the stand , I will lie . donovan take a moment to look at she like she 's a idiot . donovan be you with another man ? brooke go to hell . donovan I will take that as a no . brooke be we do for today ? donovan I believe we be . he stand . as do he minion . as they file out , brooke see elle . brooke hey -- I know you . elle perk up . elle I ' m a Delta gamma and I ' m a huge fan of yours ! ( continued ) .67 . 88 ( 2 ) 8£ br ooke you take my class in LA . you have the best high kick I have ever see . be you one of my lawyer ? elle sort of . brooke look at elle as if she 's she savior . brooke well , thank God one of you have a brain . 89 int . beauty oasis - day 89 rufus sleep happily on the floor . elle sit in front of . ' paulette , nail in the soapy water . elle I feel so bad for she . I mean , she 's in jail ! and she 's innocent . but I ' m the only one who believe she . donovan totally think she 's guilty . . paulette that 's because man be big , fat retard who do not -- oh , my God ... on the door the ups guy stand in the doorway with a package , sun stream in around he . ups guy afternoon , lady . o N elle and paulette paulette it 's he ! paulette smooth down she hair . elle ' it 's who ? she turn to look as we go to -- butt -cam -- close on the crisp brown short of a regulation ups uniform , as they stretch across the taut , muscular buttock of ups guy , as he stride through the shop . ( CO ntinue D ) 68 . 89 89 when the butt stop move , we widen to reveal the ups guy now stand in front of elle and paulette . ups guy I have get a package . elle turn to paulette , eye wide . elle ( agree ) he 's get a package . · paulette be freeze . blush and nervous . ups guy how ya doin ' today ? . paulette . · Fine ? he wait for she to sign . she remain freeze . elle take the pen and sign for she , try to help . . ups guy smile kindly at paulette and head out . ups guy . · take it easy . paulette watch he go , hand over she heart . elle look at she , concerned . , elle so , this be the only interaction you two have ever have ? paulette no. sometimes I say " okay " instead of " Fine " . elle have you ever consider ask he if he would like a cold beverage ? or perhaps a neck massage ? · '. ' · · .'' paulette what 's the point ? ( matter of factly ) look at I . elle I be . and I be look at a beautiful , fabulous , sexy woman . ( continued ) · . 6 9. 89 ( 2 ) 89 paulette snort . paulette good one . elle trust be . you have get the equipment , you just need to read the manual . elle stand . , elle ( cont 'd ) I ' m go to . show you a little maneuver my mother teach I when I be in junior high . in my experience , it have a 98 % success rate in get a man 's attention a d when use appropriately -- a 83 % rate of return on a dinner invitation . the hairstylist and client listen , intrigue . . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) it 's call the " Bend &amp ; snap " . ( act ) " oh , look ! there 's something on the floor that I need to pick up ! " Bend ... she slowly bend down , as if to pick up something , stick out she tush , knee cocked . she slid she hand down she cocked leg until she hand touch the floor and she snap back up , boob a'bounce . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) and snap ! now you try . paulette stand up repeat the maneuver . paulette Bend ... and snap ! I t ' 's a spastic version of what elle just do . elle good . now this time , put a little arch in you back and maybe get you foot more solid . paulette do it again . this time , get it right . ( continued ) 70 . 89 ( 3 ) 89 elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) perfect ! a hair client walk over , head full of curler . hair client like this ? . she try . elle good . she adjust she like a yoga instructor would . elle ( cont 'd ) but cock that knee . another client call over . another client be I do it right ? elle walk over to she . elle more snap , less bend . she turn to the rest of the client . elle ( cont 'd ) c'mon -- everyone try ! client hop up out of they chair as someone reach over and crank the transistor radio , blaring " brick house " by the commodore . all the client and technician , no matter what they age , or how many foil be in there hair , be up and do the " Bend &amp ; snap " , repeat the mantra as they do . elle walk around they , continue to adjust they . elle ( cont 'd ) now everyone together . they all bend in unison -- go down on " Brick " -- everyone Bend -- and snap back up -- on " House " . ( continued ) .71 . 89 ( 4 ) 89 everyone ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) and snap ! the frivolity continue as the roomful of lady perfect the maneuver . . m au R I C E , a male hair - dresser , come out of the back room , m i xi n g a bowl of bleach as he walk . he stop when he spot the activity . . maurice oh , my God ! the Bend &amp ; snap ! ( to a old lady ) Works every time ... int . austen , platt , jaret &amp ; donovan -conference room-day 90 90 chutney , 27 , curly -haire and bitter , sit in front of donovan , the female da , the associate , the intern and a court . reporter , as she 's interview . chutney I get out of the shower , " walk downstairs , see she stand over my father , and call the police . donovan do she have a weapon in she hand ? chutney no . donovan be there any reason for you to believe she have discard a weapon ? chutney uh , yeah , because the bitch shot he . donovan be there any evidence that Mrs . windham shot he ? chutney ( duh ) his dead body with a bullet in it . . 91 int . austen , platt , jaret &amp ; donovan -conference room-later 91 enrique , 25 , latino and hunky as hell , sit in the seat that chutney have vacate . ( continued ) 72 . 91 aontinued : 91 donovan what do you see when you enter the house ? enrique I see Mrs. windham stand over the body of Mr. windham . donovan be she carry a weapon ? · enrique no , she be cry she eye out . donovan smile . donovan so she be distraught that she husband be dead ? enrique oh , yes . Mrs. windham be the most sweet , wonderful woman I know . I have love she since the day she hire I . she could never do something this awful . I know this because we be very close . the other shift uncomfortably , then look at each other . then. , back at Enrique and he shiny , unbuttone - to- show-his - pecs shirt . the da smile . 92 int . steakhouse - night .9.2 donovan , the intern , and associate sit at a large table . gerard she 's screwing the pool boy . elle gasp and make a face . elle there be no way a Delta gamma would sleep with a man in a shiny shirt . Warner , back I up here . Warner shrug , embarrassed . Sarah look at donovan . sarah I hate to agree ~ but I do not see the two of they actually -- ( wrinkling she nose ) -- do it . ( continued ) 73. 92 92 enid woman like that will screw anything . elle so , because she 's beautiful and have a good body , she 's easy ? what book of feminist theory do you read iiiai in , enid ? emmett jump in before war break out . emmett okay , if brooke do not kill the guy , who do ? elle my money 's on the angry daughter or the ex-wife . donovan chutney have a trust fund . she do not need the insurance payoff or the inheritance . bobby what about she mother ? donovan cover . she be in aspen at the time . ten people see she down cosmopolitan at the caribou Club . elle Al l I know be -- it 's not brooke . donovan that 's touch , elle , but we need a alibi . elle think about this . 93 int . boston jail - lobby - day ' 93 a-- nervous elle stand in front of the burly check -in guard .. she hold a basket of goody . elle I ' m here to see brooke wi'ndham . guard license attorney or family member ? elle uh -- family . ( continued ) 74 . 93 93 guard relation ? elle I ' m she sister . guard name ? elle Delta . gamma . he make a note and buzze she in . ' 94 int . boston jail - day 94 elle sit at a conference table with she basket . a door open and a female guard bring brooke into the room . wearing a horribly tacky orange jumpsuit . elle be you okay ? you look so sad ... and so . orange . brooke I ' m glad it 's you and not donovan . . elle he mean well . he 's really brilliant and all . brooke sit , not look convinced . brooke he better be , for what I ' m pay he . elle push she basket forward . elle I bring you some necessity . pink sheet . aromatherapy candle . loofah . and the Bible . she hold up a " cosmopolitan " . brooke you be a angel . elle squirm in she seat . ( continued ) 75 . 94 94 elle but I have to tell you the real reason I ' m here . Professor donovan say we really , really need you alibi . brooke tear up . brooke elle , I can not . you do not understand . elle who could better understand than I ? brooke dab she eye with a corner of the pink Ralph lauren sheet . brooke it 's so shameful ... elle whatever it be -- it could save you . brooke that 's just it -- it would ruin I ! elle how ? brooke compose herself . take a deep breath . look at elle . brooke I have make my fortune on my ability to teach woman how to perfect they body with the brooke 's butt buster workout . elle I know ! you help I go from a six to a four ! brooke start to cry again . brooke on the day of heyworth 's murder , I be -- she snort back a sob . brooke ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) -- get liposuction . elle gasp . ( continued ) 76 . 94 ( 2 ) 94 elle no ! brooke ( completely shame ) I ' m a fraud ! but it 's not like normal people can have this ass ! if my fan know , I ' d lose everything . I have already lose my husband . I rather be in jail then lose my reputation ! elle hug she to she chest , consol she . elle you secret be safe with I . 95 int . austen , platt , jaret &amp ; donovan - library - day 95 the associate and intern sit at a table pile high with research , as donovan go over he note . donovan .. we have get two interview tomorrow that Dick and Bobby be gonna handle , and the ex-wife in a hour . he look up . donovan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) Sarah , can you grab I some coffee ? Sarah rise , and fetch the coffee from the side table . donovan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) and accord to this communique from the prison , we client apparently have a visit fr om she sister ? a miss Delta gamma -- he look at elle . donovan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) anyone you know ? elle look up , catch . the other look at she . elle I go to get she alibi . emmett look over , surprised . ( continued ) 77 , 95 95 donovan do you get it ? elle but I can not tell you what it be . yes . the other can not believe this . donovan why the hell not ? ' elle I promise she I ' d keep it secret . I can not break the bond of sisterhood ! now he 's piss . donovan fuck sisterhood . this be a murder trial , not some scandal at the sorority house . I want the alibi . Sarah set donovan 's coffee down . watch to see what elle will do . elle I can not give it to you . all I can tell you be that she 's innocent . a assistant poke she head in the room . assistant Mr. donovan ? Mrs. windham vandermark be on line two . donovan rise , still annoyed . donovan someone reason with she while I take this . he walk out . the other look at elle . bobby be you crazy ? tell he the alibi . elle , no ! dick we be gonna lose the case if you do not . ( continued ) 78 . 95 ( 2 ) 95 elle then we be not very good lawyer . emmett hide a smile . Warner lean over to elle . Sarah be nearby , listen . · warner ( quietly ) if you tell he , you will probably make summer associate . who care .about brooke ? think about yourself . elle I give she my word , Warner . Sarah watch -- see both Warner and elle in a different light . donovan storm back in . donovan the ex- wife seem to be unconcern with the fact that she interview be today . she 's at a spa in the berkshire . gerard a spa ? ( to elle ) be not that like , you mother - ship ? elle shrug and look at donovan . elle . I can go if you want . enid why you ? gerard ( to enid ) have you ever be to a spa ? enid and subscribe to the doctrine of self - hatred impose upon my gender by male delusion of the way woman be suppose to look ? ( beat ) . twice . donovan motion toward elle . then look at emmett with a point " get the alibi " look . ( continued ) 79 . 95 ( 3 ) 95 donovan go with she . 96 int . emmett's volvo - day 96 emmett drive , elle be shotgun . elle explain to I why you be so anti- brooke . emmett uh , for starter , she will n'-t give we a al i bi -- elle aside from that . emmett she 's completely untrustworthy . elle why ? emmett she marry a old man , she 's make a live on tell woman they be too fat , she hawk she crap on the Home Shopping Network ... elle a ) he 's a old man with a really big penis . B ) she never tell I I be fat . and C ) Victoria principal sell on that network . emmett and D ) brooke be obviously hide something . elle but maybe it 's not what you think . emmett Bu t maybe it be -- . they be quiet for a moment . she look at he . elle you be kind of be a butt-head right now . ( continued ) 80 . 96 96 emmett ( amused ) how do you figure ? elle because people be not always what they seem to be and you refuse to see that . have a little faith . you might be surprised . they be quiet again while he think about this . he look over at she . emmett I can not believe you call I a butt - head . no one 's call I a butt-head since ninth grade . elle maybe not to you face ... she give he a teasing smile . he smile back at she , shaking he head . 97 int . spa - lobby - day 97 elle and emmett be at the desk . elle we have two o'clock massage . Kerrigan and Woods . desk clerk go on back . . elle start to go , then stop . elle oh , and my friend Katherine windham vandermark be here somewhere and I ' m suppose to meet she . for a pilates class . do you have she schedule ? desk clerk ( check ) she 's in the mud room until four . elle smile she thanks and walk off with emmett . emmett damn . we can not see she for a hour ? ( continued ) 81 . 97 97 elle no , she can not move for a hour . she grab he arm and pull he down the hall . 98 int . spa - mud room - day 98 mrs . windham vandermark , late 40s , brunette , East Coast hoity - t of i t y -- lie on a table like a corpse , stiff with mud , cucumber over she eye . elle and emmett poke they head in . elle Mrs. windham vandermark ? emmett we be here from austen , Platt , jaret &amp ; donovan -- mrs . windham vandermark so , you find I . emmett look at elle . emmett ( sotto ) she 's naked . mrs . windham vandermark I ' m cover in very expensive egyptian mud ·· -- hardly naked . elle ( to emmett ) I will cover she -- part . elle settles on three washcloth , strategically place . mrs . windham vandermark so , I hear the tart from California shot - heyworth . emmett well , that 's what we be try to prove do not happen . do you have any reason to believe it do ? mrs . windham vandermark I never meet the woman , but from what my daughter tell I , she 's quite the cun -- elle ( interrupt she ) she 's not ! ( continued ) 82. 98 98 emmett do you daughter ever say anything to you about brooke and heyworth 's relationship ? mrs . windham vandermark aside from the fact that he find she on a infomercial ? she say they humped like gorilla . chutney could hear they all the way in the pool house . emmett I ' m sure that be very awkward for chutney . ( sotto ) much as it be for I , hearing you tell about it . mrs . windham vandermark but I guess it be not enough for brooke . emmett why do you say that ? mrs . windham vandermark have not you see the cabana boy ? elle ( uneasy ) ys. . . . e mrs . windham vandermark like I say , I have never meet brooke , but I have see she from a distance . when I ' d come over to pick up the alimony check that heyworth forget to mail every month , she would be out by the pool , with Mr. hot pant hover over she with some pink drink . emmett hover ? mrs . windham vandermark I do not stick around long enough to watch he stick he swizzle stick in she mouth , but I ' d bet my next check that that ' 's where he be about to put it . 99 int . emmett be volvo - day 99 emmett drive , rave . ( continued ) 83. 99 99 emmett how can you still believe she 's innocent ? elle you be go to trust the word of a woman who name she child after a condiment ? she 's ly- . emmett and you know this for a fact ? ' elle do you see the icky black color of she hair ? emmett so ? elle I never trust a woman who 's not blonde . except for my friend serena , but that 's only because she 's a blonde at heart . that 's the whole reason I ' m start the blonde legal Defense Fund . he look at she and laugh . emmett the what ? elle blond be discriminate against worldwide ! brooke 's a blonde , and people be say she 's sleep with the cheesy pool boy and shoot she husband . if she be a mousy brunette , it would be , " oh , the poor widow . " emmett you be serious ? she 's fire up now . elle you should see the way I ' m treat in class ! I be a complete source of mockery . this be why the blonde legal Defense Fund be need . he go along with it , win over by she enthusiasm . emmett okay , how would it work ? ( continued ) 84 . 99 ( 2 ) 99 E lle it would be a full - service law firm , by and for blond , provide positive blonde role model and community outreach in high blonde area . I mean , think about it -- name one blonde intellectual role model . emmett -- I can not . elle that be a direct result of anti - blonde discrimination ! emmett wait -- Hilary Clinton . elle if she be a true blonde , she would have leave the cheating bastard . blond do not let they husband get fellate by brunettes and live to tell about it . emmett frown . emm E T T . in that case , maybe heyworth get --- fellate -- by a brunette and brooke catch he . elle exactly how much gorilla sex do you think a sixty - year - old man can take ? ·. emmett that 's not really a topic that keep I up at night -- but maybe it should . elle dig in she purse . elle speak of that · -- I buy you some seaweed cream while we be at the spa . she hand it to he . he keep he hand on the wheel , not take it . emmett what the hell be that for ? ( continued ) 85 . 99 ( 3 ) 99 elle the bag under you eye . you be a attractive man , but you need to take better care of yourself . emmett I do not -- ( gesture to the cream ) do that stuff . elle well , you should --. I for you look good , you · feel good and if you feel good , you project joy into the world . emmett project joy be not my job . elle . ( sighing ) Fine . sorry I bring it up . she put the cream back in she purse . they ride in silence of be a moment . then -- emmett you really think I ' m attractive ? elle for a butt-head ? yes . she smile at he . . 100 ext . harvard campus - night 100 elle walk down the sidewalk to she dorm , approach dorky David as he try to ask out a freshman girl who think she 's a lot cuter than she actually be . she stand with she freshman friend . - dorky david so -- I call you room last night . freshman girl ( cold ) ' I hear . . dorky david I be think maybe we could go out sometime . ( continued ) 86 . 100 100 freshman girl uh , n of . . . you be a dork . turn back to she friend who all laugh at he . elle wince as she pass . dorky david ( hopeful ) I ' m in law school -- the freshman girl turn back to he . freshman girl look -- I ' m not go out with you . I can not believe you would even ask . Girls like I do not go out with loser like you . her friend snicker . elle stop at this and sigh , acknowledge to herself that she have to help this guy . she turn and march back , slapping dorky David across the face . dorky David be stunne , as be the freshman girl . elle ( upset ) why do not you call I ? dorky david what ? elle we spend a beautiful night together and then I never hear from you again ? dorky david I -- uh -- elle signal with she eye for he to go along with it . dorky david ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) I be sorry ? elle F or what ? break my heart or ruin sex for I with any other man ? dorky david U h -- both ? elle forget it . I have already spend too many hour cry over you . ( continued ) 87 . 100 ( 2 ) 100 she rush off . dorky David and the freshman girl and she friend watch elle go . after a moment , the girl turn to David . freshman girl so , urn , when do you wanna go out ? another girl I ' m free on Friday . W al k in g away , elle hear this and smile . 101 ext . courthouse - day 101 p e op le ascend the wide courthouse step . BA ilif F ( o.s. ) th e first district court be now in session . th e honorable judge William R. ptak preside . 102 int . courtroom - day .102 T he da grill Mrs. windham vandermark . D a joyce rafferty a no what be the defendant do ? m R S. windham vandermark S it it n g next to the pool topless , while th e Latin boy hand she a drink . C UT to : 103 int . courtroom - day 103 da rafferty continue she grill . da joyce rafferty a n d where be she exactly ? T h i 's time -- chutney be on the stand . C hu tn E y St and in g over my father 's dead body . CUT to : 104 int . courtroom - day 104 close on a tiny speedo thong . da joyce rafferty ( o.s. ) Mr. salvatore , can you tell we what this be ? ( continued ) 88. 104 104 we pull back to reveal that the da be hold it up as she question Enrique . enrique my uniform . da joyce rafferty this be the uniform that Mrs. windham ask you to wear while clean she pool ? enrique yes . da joyce rafferty and be you or be you not , have a affair with brooke windham ? Enrique shift in he seat . enrique define affair . da joyce rafferty have you insert you genital into hers ? donovan objection -- da joyce rafferty ( to Enrique ) have you and Mrs. windham have sexual relation ? enrique y es ! okay ? yes ! the courtroom gasp . elle look over at brooke , who 's shaking she head , outrage . 105 int . courtroom - moment later 105 everyone file out . as brooke be be lead away , she turn to elle . brooke I be not have a affair with Enrique -- you know a Delta gamma would never sleep with a man who wear a thong ! I just like watch he bend over to clean the for i lot e be -- ( continued ) 89 . 105 105 elle I believe you ! do not worry . brooke be take away . 106 int . elle's dorm room - night 106 elle , in sweat and a pony -tail , pour over a mammoth -size deposition . a knock sound . elle come in . Sarah enter . sarah ( be the depo ) you do with that yet ? elle hand the deposition over . elle take it . I have read it twenty time . she grab another one off of the stack and begin read . Sarah linger . sarah I believe she , too . I do not think she 's have a affair with Enrique . elle too bad you and I be the only one . sarah I ' m still can not believe you do not tell donovan the alibi . elle look up , defensive . elle it 's not my alibi to tell -- sarah ( interrupt ) I know . I think that be very -- classy of you . . elle ( surprised ) really ? thanks . Sarah start to go , then stop . ( continued ) 90 . 106 106 sarah y have you ever notice that donovan never ask Warner to bring he coffee ? he 's ask I at least a dozen time . elle shrug . elle Men be helpless . you know that . Sarah linger , lean on the edge of the couch . sarah Warner can not even do he own laundry . elle I know . he have it send out . sarah - do you know he get wait- list when he appli ed ? his father have to make a call . elle ( stunne ) you be kid ! a knock sound on the open door and margot and serena poke they head in . margot and serena surprise ! elle oh , my God ! ' -. Sarah watch as elle jump up to hug the girl , who each have a bottle of veuve cliquot in they hand . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) what be you do here ?! serena we be on we way to the bridal show in New York so we think we would rescue you from law school for the night . margot ( tempting she ) we have a limo downstairs and lot more of this . she wiggle she champagne bottle . ( continued ) 91 . 106 ( 2 ) 106 elle you guy -- I can not . we be in the middle of a trial . serena where 's Warner ? sarah ( confuse ) at the office ~ margot and serena look over at she . margot oh , how sweet ! you make friend with a nerdy girl . elle margot ! serena bring she , too. ( to Sarah ) C 'mon . you can wear one of elle 's outfit . sarah T ha t ' 's okay -- margot ( to elle ) speak of which , can you please put on some party clothes ? you look like someone roll you in something sticky and drag you through a k - Mart . elle ( tear ) I can not believe you guy be actually here -- but this case be important . I will make it up to you after final , okay ? I -- promise . I really want to do a good job . margot and serena stare at she , realize she mean it . serena okay . . . call we if you change you mind . they start to head out . margot hand sa-rah the bottle of champagne . margot here . ( continued ) 92 . 106 ( 3 ) 106 she spot the rock on Sarah 's finger and grab she hand . margot ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) Jesus . talk about a rock . you must be better in bed than you look . elle hustle they out the door . elle I will call you as soon as it 's over , okay ? sister forever ? margot and serena sister forever . she shut the door behind they . then look at Sarah . elle ( continue ) sorry about that . Sarah set down the veuve . sarah save it . she smile at elle . sarah ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) we will drink it after we win . elle smile . 107 int . beauty oasis - day 107 paulette arrange a nail polish display by the door . ups guy ( o.s. ) I have get a big one for you . paulette freeze and slowly turn to find ups guy hold out a big package . ups guy ( cont 'd ) can you sign ? he hand she the computerize tablet and as he do , the pen velcroed to the side fall off . paulette watch as it fall in slo -mo . realizing that now be the perfect time to try the Bend &amp ; snap . ( continued ) 93. 107 107 she bend slowly , tush out , knee cocked . she grab the pen and as she prepare to snap back up , ups guy lean over to help . ups guy ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) get it ? not realize he 's lean over , she snap back up -- clocking he in the nose with she head . he reel backward , hold he nose , blood flow as paulette stare at he - in horror . paulette oh my God ! CUT to : 108 int . courthouse - hallway - day 108 elle wait in line for the water fountain , talk on she cell phone . elle ( into phone ) you break he nose ?! we intercut with paulette as she watch - ups guy be carry out by paramedics on a gurney . the lady of the shop flutter around he , concerned . ups guy I be okay -- paulette I think he notice I , elle -- ( sobbing ) but only because I maim he ! elle ( consol ) I will be over right after the trial , okay ? we be about to cross - examine Enrique . and do not worry ! my friend serena barf on a guy during " the Blair witch Project " and end up dating he for three month . she hang up . Enrique cut in front of she in line for the water fountain . she glare at he , tapping she foot . he finish get he drink and turn , look at she . ( continued ) 94 . 108 108 enrique do not stomp you little prada sandal at I , miss thing . he walk past , as . elle gape at he . realizing . 109 int . courtroom - day - moment later 109 elle grab emmett 's arm as he whisper with donovan . elle he 's gay ! Enrique be gay ! emmett what ?! she grab Warner as he 's pass . elle Warner , what kind of shoe do I have on ? he look down at she prada sandal . warner pink one . elle see ? donovan frown , not see . donovan what be you talk about ? elle he 's gay -- he be not brooke 's lover ! he 's make it up . whoever kill heyworth be pay he off . emmett back up . how do you know he 's gay ? elle Gay man know designer . straight man do not . she point at Warner , who shrug . brooke lean over . brooke what 's go on ? elle Enrique 's gay . I ' m sure of it . ' ( continued ) 95 . 109 109 brooke he do leave a cher tape in the pool house once -- donovan scoff . donovan while I appreciate you masterful legal theory , I have a murder trial to attend to . he grab emmett 's arm and pull he aside as they confer on more serious matter . emmett look at she as if to say " sorry " , before he look back at donovan . brooke look at donovan , then back at elle , roll she eye . elle sit down , piss . Warner be next to she . elle thanks for the backup . warner how be I suppose to know what kind of shoe you have on ? she look at he like he 's a complete idiot , as the judge take he seat . 110 int . courtroom - moment later - day 110 donovan be in front of Enrique , who be at the stand . donovan Mr. salvatore , do you have any proof that you and Mrs. windham be have a affair ? enrique just the love in my heart . woman in the audience openly sigh . elle make a puke gesture . enid concur . donovan smile a smug smile . donovan if that 's all the proof that he have , you honor , I think I be do here . emmett stand . emmett I have a couple of question , you honor ? ( continued ) 96 . 110 110 donovan glare at he . emmett ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; sotto to donovan ) give I two minute . he approach Enrique and start fire question at rapid speed . emmett ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) do you ever take Mrs. windham on a date ? enrique yes . emmett where ? enrique a restaurant in oakland . where no one would recognize we . emmett and how long have you be sleep with Mrs. windham ? . enrique Three month . emmett and what be you boyfriend 's name ? enrique Chuck . the audience let out a gasp . elle look up , shocked , then delighted . Enrique begin to sweat . enrique ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) I ' m sorry , I misunderstand . Chuck be just a friend . chuck , scrawny and angry , stand up in the audience . chuck if I ' m just you friend , why have we be do the slippy - slap every night for the past six month ? ( continued ) 97 . 110 ( 2 ) 110 the courtroom erupt and the judge bang the gavel . elle smile victoriously from she seat . emmett grin back at she . donovan shake he head , smile in amazement . 111 ext . courthouse - day 111 elle and emmett walk down the stair together in high spirit . donovan catch up . donovan good work today , Ms. Woods . elle thank you ! he walk on . she look at emmett , excited . he high - fives she . 112 int . beauty oasis - night 112 paulette be close up as elle follow she around . paulette ( in a giddy , rush ) and after they set he nose , he come back for he truck and I offer to drive for he since he be still on pain - killer and we spend the whole afternoon together ! he be unconscious for part of it , but it be really fun ! elle ( hugging paulette ) I ' m so happy for you ! paulette how would it go at the trial ? elle great . donovan actually say the word " good work , Ms. Woods " . he take I seriously ! can you believe it ? paulette of course I can believe it . you be go to make a great lawyer . paulette look at elle. emotional . ( continued ) 98 . 112 112 paulette ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) elle , you have change my life . you be the kindest , most wonderful angel . without you , I would not have rufus or a dinner date . now go and share you goodness with the world while I stay here and have my hoo-hoo wax . 113 int . austen , jaret , platt and donovan - hallway - night 113 elle pass Sarah , who carry a stack of depo into the conference room to Dick and Bobby . sarah donovan ask to see you before you · ' leave . elle ( excited ) really ? sarah he 's already get he coffee -- maybe he need a donut . they share a smile as elle walk over to donovan 's glass - wall office and knock on the door . nervous . donovan come on in . he beckon she inside , and she go , shutting the door behind she . 114 int . donovan' office - night 114 he 's behind he desk . he motion for she to sit in one of the two chair opposite he . donovan sit down . elle be everything okay ? donovan you follow you intuition today and you . be right on target . I should " have listen . ( continued ) 99 . 114 114 elle ( stunne ) thank you . donovan ab ou t the alibi -- she sigh , elle I ' m sorry , but -- donovan ( cut she off ) I ' m impressed that you take the initiative to go there and get it . that 's what make a good lawyer . and on top of that , you gain the client 's trust and keep it .. that ' 's what make a great lawyer . you be smart , elle . smarter than ·· . most of the guy I have on my payroll . elle be overwhelm by he praise . elle wow . that mean so much to I to hear you say that . donovan walk around he desk and sit in the chair opposite she . donovan I think it 's time discuss you career path . have you think about where you might be a summer associate ? elle ( still overwhelm ) not really . I know how competitive it . ·. a l l be -- he smile . donovan you know what competition be really about , do not you ? eager for he knowledge , elle be on the edge of she seat . he lean in . donovan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) it 's about ferocity . carnage . ( more ) ( continued ) 100 . 114 ( 2 ) 114 donovan ( cont 'd ) balance human intelligence with animal diligence . know exactly what you want and how far you will go to get it . how far will elle go ? as he say the last sentence , he slide he hand up her thigh . 115 outside donovan' office 115 Sarah walk down the hallway , glance in donovan 's office to see -- h E R Pov -- donovan 's hand slide up elle 's skirt . she shake she head in disgust , &amp ; head off - not seeing 116 int . donovan' office 116 elle stare at donovan in horror , then grab he hand -- stop its journey upward . elle ( upset ) you be hit on I ? donovan you be a beautiful girl , elle . elle so everything you just say --? donovan I ' m a man who know what I want . elle rise , stung . she stare at he for a beat . elle and I ' m a law student who 's finally realize she professor be a pathetic asshole . she walk out . donovan ( call out ) too bad . I think you be a law student who want to be a lawyer . elle keep walk . 101 . 117 int . austen , jaret , platt etc . - elevator - moment later 117 elle be in the elevator . flushed and upset . as the door start to close , Sarah stick she arm in , block they . sarah you almost have I fool . elle what ? sarah maybe you should sleep with the judge too . then we can win the case . Sarah step back , let the door shut . 118 int . build lobby - night 118 elle stomp out of the elevator , as emmett get in . emmett ( smile ) he y -- elle I be quit . she march past . he follow , catch up . emmett whoa -- why ? elle Law school be a mistake . get this internship be a mistake . emmett what be you talk about ? you earn it - she snort . elle I do not earn anything . I get this internship because donovan like the way I look . which he make clear .tonight when he try to feel I up . emmett look piss as he process this . ( continued ) . 102 . 118 118 emmett ( mind reeling ) so now you be --? . elle go back to LA . maybe I can fulfill my destiny as a useless bimbo and join the swedish bikini team . no more navy blue suit . no more panty -hose . no more try to be something I ' m not . emmett what if you be try to be something you be ? the hell with donovan . stay . she stop , give he a sad smile . elle thanks for not treat I the way everyone else here do . call I if you be ever in California . she walk out . emmett watch she go , hat it . 119 ext . beauty oasis - night 119 elle 's boxster , pack with suitcase and the pot palm , pull up . 120 int . beauty oasis - night 120 elle sit in front of paulette , deject . not even bother with a manicure . paulette ( upset ) you can not go home ! elle what 's the point of stay ? all people see when they look at I be blonde hair and big boob . no one 's ever go to take I seriously . the people at law 's chool do not , Warner do not -- I do not even think my parent take I seriously . they want I to grow up and become a Victoria 's secret model who marries a rock star . now , for the first time , it seem like someone expect I to do something better with my life than wear underwear for a live . but I be kid my elf -- donovan do not see I as a lawyer . he see I as a piece of ass . ( more ) ( continued ) 103 . 120 120 elle ( cont 'd ) just like everyone else . it turn out , I be a j oke . she stand up . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) the hell with law school . I just come to say goodbye . in a nearby chair Professor elspeth stromwell spin around , nail drying , face elle . professor stromwell if you let one stupid prick ruin you life , you be not the girl I think you be . elle look at she , shocked , as Professor stromwell stand and go . 121 int . jail waiting room - night 121 close on a tv -- donovan be be interview be on the evening news . donovan on tv Enrique salvatore have be discredite as a witness . reporter # 2 on tv do you go in there know how you be go to discredit Mr. salvatore ? donovan on tv absolutely . it 's a little thing I like to call strategy . he give the reporter a smug smile . in the waiting room brooke look away from the tv . emmett be next to she , prepping she for the follow day . brooke be he always such a ass ? emmett ( contain himself ) he 's the top defense attorney in the state . of course he 's a ass . ( continued ) 104 . 121 121 / " " " ^ brooke ^.. ..j but be he a ass that 's gonna win my case ? emmett he 's a ass that 's gonna try . brooke he think I ' m guilty , do not he ? emmett that 's not what 's important . brooke to I it be . he do not trust I . why should I trust he ? emmett think for a moment . then look at brooke . emmett you be right . why should you ? 122 ext . courthouse - day 122 people enter . Reporters set up they camera . dorky David pass by in a suit and tie . 123 int . courthouse - hallway - day 123 donovan and emmett head into the courtroom . donovan keep that bitch away from I . emmett she 's we client . donovan not brooke . elle . emmett ( blatantly piss ) funny how a woman can turn into a bitch just by say " no " . donovan glare at emmett as they continue in . behind they -- sarah stop in she track , have hear all of this . 124 int . courtroom - moment later 124 / · " " " " · ' , donovan take he seat next to brooke . she smile at he . v_ J ( continued ) 105 . 124 124 donovan what be you so happy about ? you be on trial for murder . brooke get up . donovan what ? brooke you be fire . I have new representation . donovan who ? the door of the courtroom bang open and elle stride in , dress in a prada mini-dress , underdog in she purse . she blow a bubble , let it pop , then set she briefcase down next to donovan 's . · ' elle ( to donovan ) Excuse you . you be in my way . she nudge he aside . donovan look at brooke . donovan she 's a law student . she can not defend you . dorky David step up , hold out a mark casebook . · dorky david Massachusetts Supreme judicial Court rule . 3:03 . elle ( to donovan ) - see ? judge counselor , approach the bench . elle start to head up . donovan you be not go up there . elle yes , I be . ( continued ) 106 . 124 ( 2 ) 124 brooke ( to donovan ) I do not think you hear I . you be fire . she 's my lawyer . judge counselor , now . all of you . elle , donovan and emmett head up , as do the da . elle hand the judge the case book . elle elle Woods , you honor . rule 3:03 of the Supreme judicial Court state that a law · student may appear on behalf of a defendant in criminal proceedings . da joyce rafferty ( stoke ) I have no problem with this . donovan I do . I be not allow it . elle ( pointedly ) but you agree last night . in the office ? when we be discuss my " career " ? the implication linger in the air , as donovan glare at she . judge ( read the casebook ) the ruling also state that you need a license attorney to supervise you . Mr. donovan ? donovan that , I will not agree to . emmett step forward . emmett I ' m supervise , you honor . elle smile at he . donovan look from emmett to elle , completely derail . judge well , then , Ms. Woods . proceed . elle walk back to the table with a grin . Warner look shocked . ( continued ) 107 . 124 ( ( 3 ) 124 in the audience paulette beam , the ups guy in the nose brace , next to she . serena and margot , now in attendance , stand clap and squealing in a completely inappropriate way . serena go , elle ! donovan take a seat in the audience . as he pass by brooke : donovan enjoy prison . the judge look at brooke . judge Mrs. windham , you do realize what you be do ? brooke absolutely . as donovan sit , margot lean over . margot do not fuck with a Delta gamma . at the defense table Sarah lean forward to elle , who gather she note . sarah kick some butt . elle look at she , surprised . judge Ms. Woods , call you first witness . elle I would like to recall chutney windham as a defense witness . the crowd murmur . donovan roll he eye . 125 int . courtroom - day - moment later 125 chutney take she hand off of the Bible and sit . judge Ms. Woods , begin you question . . ( continued ) 9/18/2000 revision ( pink ) 108 . 125 125 elle first , you honor , I ' d like to point out that not only be there no proof in this case , but there 's a complete lack of mens rea , which by definition tell we that there be no crime without a vicious will . the da roll she eye , as do the lawyer present . judge · I be aware of the meaning of mens rea . what I be unaware of be why you be give I a vocabulary lesson instead of question you witness . fluster , elle turn to chutney . elle okay -- Ms. windham , when you uh arrive back at the house ? be you father there ? chutney not that I see . but like I say , I go straight upstairs to take a shower . ' , elle and when you come downstairs , what happen ? chutney I see brooke stand over he body , drench in he blood . elle but Mrs. windham do not have a gun ? chutney no , she would stashed it by then . brooke roll she eye . emmett move to strike that from the record , you honor. speculation . judge stricken . elle mentally kick herself for not do this herself . eirimett give she a reassure nod . she take a deep breath , · then continue on . elle do you hear a shot fire ? ( continued ) 9/18/2000 revision ( pink ) 108a . 125 ( 2 ) 125 chutney no . I be in the shower . elle so at some point in the -- twenty minute ? -- you be in the shower , you father be shot ? chutney I guess . elle pace a bit . underdog watch from she purse on the table , intrigue by she line of question . ( continued ) 9/18/2000 revision ( pink ) 109 . 125 ( 3 ) . 125 elle you father be shot while you be in the shower ? gerard look at emmett . gerard where 's she go with this ? emmett have a little faith . elle but you do not hear the shot , because you be in the shower . chutney ( annoyed ) yes . I be wash my hair . elle 's onto something , but not sure what . . elle miss windham , can you tell we what you would be do earlier in the day ? chutney I get up , go to Starbucks , go to the gym , get a perm , and come home . elle where you get in the shower . chutney ( impatient ) yes . judge I believe the witness have make it clear that she be in the shower . people start to murmur . donovan snicker . Sarah look worried . elle yes , you honor . have you ever get a . . perm before , miss windham ? chutney ( confuse ) yes . the beginning of a smile start to spread across elle 's face . ( continued ) 9/18/2000 revision ( pink ) 109a . 125 ( 4 ) . 125 elle how many , would you say ? chutney two a year since I be twelve . you do the math . ( continued ) 110 . 12 5 ( 3 ) 125 elle you know , a girl in my sorority , Tracy marcinko , get a perm once . even though we all tell she not to ~ curl really be not the right look for she -- ( chummy ) she do not have you bone structure . chutney almost smile . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) but , thankfully , that same day , she enter the pi kap wet t-shirt contest where she be completely hose down from head to toe . donovan shake he head at she incompetence . da joyce rafferty objection . why be this relevant ? emmett clear he throat , worried . elle turn around , give he a " trust I " look . then turn back to the judge . elle ( to the judge ) I have a point . I promise . judge then make it . elle look at chutney . .. elle chutney , why be it that Tracy marcinko 's curl be ruin when she get hose down ? chutney because they get wet . elle that 's right . because be not the first cardinal rule of perm maintenance that you be forbidden to wet you hair for at least twenty - four hour after get a perm at the risk of de-activate the ammonium thiglycolate ? chutney pale . ( continued ) 111 . 125 ( 4 ) 125 chutney yes -- elle continue . elle and would not someone who 's have -- thirty perm ? -- throughout she lifetime , be well aware of this rule ? chutney do not answer . she just glare at brooke . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) and if you , in fact , be not wash you hair , as I suspect you be not , since you curl be still intact , would not you have hear the gunshot ? chutney continue to glare . elle ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) and if you in fact , hear the gunshot , then brooke windham would not have have time to hide the gun before you get downstairs . which would mean that you would have have to have find Mrs. windham with a gun in she hand to make you story sound plausible . be not that right ? chutney she 's young than I be . do she tell you that ? how would you feel if you father marry someone young than you ? elle you , however , have time to hide the gun , do not you , chutney ? after you shot you father ? brooke look at chutney in horror , realize . chutney I do not mean to shoot he -- · ( to brooke ) I mean to shoot you ! pandemonium erupt . the gavel pound . brooke .'.. ' I know it ! ( continued ) 112 . 125 ( 5 ) 125 elle look at emmet to , elate at what 's just happen . elle ( shocked ) oh , my God ! emmett ( even more shocked ) oh , my g^d .! ! 126 int . courthouse foyer - day 126 Reporters mob elle and brooke as they make they way out of the courtroom . reporter elle , how do you know chutney be lie ? brooke because she be brilliant . elle ( humble ) the rule of haircare be simple and finite . any cosmo girl would ' have know . the reporter laugh as they snap picture of she and a happy brooke . 127 int . wood ' bel AIR home - gym - same time 127 clos E on the tv -- the channel change : golf -- a commercial - - elle in the courthouse . daniel ( o.s. ) what the --? Daniel , elle 's father , watch tv as he do he morning workout on the treadmill . daniel ( cont 'd ) honey , stop ! ( proud ) bile 's on tv ! he look next to he , where sapphire be upside down on a yoga inversion machine . sapphire's Pov -- the upside - down television with elle on it . sapphire oh , my God ! what happen to she tan ? ' - 113. 128 int . courthouse foyer - moment later 128 as the reporter continue to mob brooke , elle step aside to talk to serena and margot . . serena I wish we could stay longer , but I have a game . elle I can not believe you be a laker girl ! margot hello ! you be like , a lawyer . elle ( grin ) not yet . enid walk up to the girl . enid ( to elle ) even though you know you shit today -- you be still a product of the patriarchy and a creation of the male - dominate media . and so be you friend . she look at serena . enid ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; to serena ) although -- you be kinda hot . call I . she walk off . serena look alarmed . elle ( hugging they ) do not worry . she 's harmless . I will see you guy soon ! thanks for come ! she air-kiss they as margot lead a still shell - shocked serena away as emmett walk up to elle . 129 ext . courthouse step - day - later ' 129 elle look up at the courthouse as the sun set behind it . she smile , proud of herself . · warner ( o.s. ) you be amazing today . she turn and find Warner . ( continued ) 114 . 129 129 elle thank you . he move closer . warner it make I realize something . I ' m a idiot . elle . really ? he turn on the charm . warner I want to be with you , elle. forever . he pull she close , hand around she waist , kissing she . she look up at he , a trace of the old love in she eye . for a moment , she melt . elle . ' I want to be with you , too , Warner . after a moment , she step back , remove he hand from she ' waist and wrenching it behind he back . elle ( cont 'd ) in court . on oppose side . warner ( shocked ) be you serious ? · elle huh. imagine that . look like I be . she walk down the step . Warner watch she go , then turn to see Sarah , who 's witness the entire episode . she glare at he , then walk past . warner . Sarah -- hold on . . she shove he , knock he on he ass , then rush to .catch up with elle . sarah ( call out ) El le , wait up -- elle turn . ( continued ) 115 . 129 ( 2 ) 129 sarah ( cont 'd ) ( continu ing ; sheepish ) I ' m a bitch . elle yes , you be . sarah and donovan 's a-scumbag for come on to you . ' elle yes , he be . · . they look at each other in a silent truce . sarah so -- can we drink that champagne when I get back from the pawnshop ? she pull off she engagement ring . elle .. . you be pawn the rock ?! sarah · Hell , yes . we have get final to study for . in Jamaica . she smile and head off . elle smile , processing this as em I tt approach elle . . emmett · up for a celebration dinner ? elle be you ask I on a date ? emmett - as long as you realize I be not just some man- toy you can show off like a trophy . elle ' ( joke ) then , forget it . besides , I have a early class tomorrow . . emmett so Friday at eight ? she smile at he . . ( continued ) 116 . 129 ( 3 ) 129 elle perfect . she head down the stair , stop and think a moment , then run back up -- -- grabbing emmett in a hellacious kiss . he kiss she back . we crane up as they embrace on the courthouse step . fade out : fade in : 130 ext . harvard law school quad - day 130 " welcome Law student class of 2004 " banner hang over orientation table . nervous first year student stand in line . we pan across a row of club table -- pass " Harvard Law . Journal " and " Environmental Law Association " · -- until we reach a table that proudly bear the banner of " blonde legal Defense Club " . elle , in a red 2l t-shirt , stand behind the table , straighten some flyer . underdog be plopped down on top of the stack . elle turn to see emmett next to she . '· ' · · ' .:. emmett ( be underdog ) someone miss you . elle be he the only one ? emmett what do you think ? they kiss . emmett ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; be the crowd ) look like you be pretty popular . elle smile , turn back as a nervous 1l girl step up . nervous 1l girl do you have to be blonde to sign up ? ( continued ) 117 . 130 130 elle only blonde at heart . ( to the girl next to she ) right ? elle smile and look down at -- the newly blonde sarah . Sarah return the smile as we pull back to see a crowd of first year girl gather around elle 's table , rush to sign up . ready to be as blonde as they can be . fade out :