legend original screenplay by william hjortsberg 2nd draft revise 10 March 1984 1exterior forest night huge tree taper upward like column support the roof of heaven . moonlit dewdrop spangle a delicate spiderweb . the set be tranquil and utterly majestic . over the brow of a distant hill , a pair of brilliant light beam scintillate in a etheral ballet . numerous small animal gather to behold this wonder . they stand on the hillcrest , stare down as if at the nativity . Squirrels , quail , hedgehog , mouse , pheasant and badger , natural enemy untied by the radiant light . a magnificent stag watch , number of tiny songbird perch in he branching antler . 1a exterior forest night pull back : from the hilltop , through fern and bramble to a steep embankment where umbrella-sized toadstool cluster . a snarling face appear under a mushroom cap . this be blix a brigand goblin hunter . clad in decrepit armor and sling with savage weapon , he be a terrifying figure . blix whistle . the SOUND be unexpectedly lovely , a nightingale 's call . further back , three other goblin return the birdcall . they bristle with weaponry . pox be a pig-face fop wear tatter lace and flithy brocade . tiny blunder and tic be both mask by grotesque helmet . swarm of gnat drine above they hide head . they creep forward to join blix . 1b goblin' Pov : hilltop the distant animal silhouett by dazzle light . 1c exterior forest night blix signal a advance and the goblin creep through the forest towards the hilltop . a moth land on a twig two foot from tic 's head . he turn . his incredibly sticky tongue uncoil from within the helmet seize the moth and retract with it , quick as a flash . as the goblin near the hilltop , the fantastic light gradually illuminate they hideous feature . a tiny mouse run out of the eye-slit on blunder 's helmet , circle the crest , and run back in on the other side . blix signal silently for the other goblin to spread out . the goblin crawl separately through the underbrush . pox come snout to snout with a wild piglet . terrify , the little shoat squeal and scamper off . 2 deleted 2a close : animal alert by the noise , they face the impending threat . the startle animal run for cover down the hillside . 3 deleted 3a exterior forest night blix charge forward , brandish he crossbow . blix : kill . . . . ! blix run over the top of the hill and down into the gully beyond , closely follow by tic , pox , and blunder . brilliant clump of forget - mex not be everywhere , like disgard jewel . 3b goblin' Pov : distant forest the pair of shine light beam race away between the tree . 4 deleted 5 deleted 5a exterior forest night the goblin watch the light beam disappear . blix growls in frustration . blunder ( muse ) : . . . . fast as a hound dog with he ass on fire . . . . blunder spot a shining silver hair catch on the bark . he reach up and pluck it free . pox : what 's that . . . . ? l-l- let I see , old chap . blunder : no ! it 's mine ! blunder hide the hair behind he back , but pox quickly grab the other end . pox : give it to m-m-m-me ! both goblin pull on the hair . miraculously , it do not break , but stretch between they like spun steel . blunder : turn loose , anus feature ! pox : hard cheese ! a furious tug of war . pox pull he knife and try unsuccessfully to cut the hair . blunder : it 's mine you rectum ! mine ! mine ! blix march up and furiously bang they head together . pox and blunder fall daze to the ground . blix hold the silver hair shine above he head and study it . blix : disgusting and pure , like a prayer . . .. there be magic in this hair . the beast run off , faster and faster . we must take this to we master . 6 exterior vast landscape night a incredible landscape , fantastically contoure hill rise above the monnbright mist . the four goblin dismount , tie up they devil steed , and disappear over the brow of a hill . 6a exterior hillside night the goblin scramble down a steep hillside towards a desolate wasteland below . a mysterious malevolant shape loom on the far horizon . 7 exterior sinister everglade night a miasmic jurassic swamp . stunted tree rise like amputate limb from the fetid water . the goblin pick they way across the bog towards a distant island , step from submerge log to crumble chunks of masonary to float lily pad . a crack marble plinth jut out of the water . the goblin creep by a tower skeletal statue play a bone violin . 7a exterior bog night a v-shape ripple undulate past they like the wake of a submerge crocodile . blix unhook a dead rat from he game belt and toss it from he game belt and toss it onto the scummy surface . there be a angry swirl and it be go . blix wave the goblin on and they climb onto a huge root twist out of the water like a petrify serpant . the ominous wake cruise back and forth like a shark . blunder follow its progress with fear- widen eye . blunder : wish i be still a leprecaun . . . . stay clear of nasty place like this and do nothing all day but sing and dance and guzzle wine in the sunshine . . . . furious , blix turn on he , he finger to he lip . blix : shhhh ! unchasten , blunder whirl on pox and repeat the gesture : blunder : shhhh ! pox follow suit with tic : pox : shhhh ! not to be outdone , tic turn to silence whoever might be behind he . tic : shhhhh ! 7b exterior bog night hairy meg mucklebone rise out of the bog , huge and hideous . the water hag be half corpse , half serpant . she seize tic and disappear beneath the foul surface . the goblin 's final cry tremble in the chill night air . 7c exterior bog night blix , pox , and blunder be terrify . they scramble over the twisted root in a wild panic , leaping onto a float log . blunder : run. . . . ! panic . . . . ! emergency . . . . ? the log roll beneath they frantic foot . they barely keep they balance . pox : frog spit ! blunder : snail sperm ! blix : all together . . . .now or never ! the goblin co-ordinate like tiny lumberjack , run in unison . the roll log drift forward . pox : j-j-jolly good ! team spirit and all that ! the log run against the island and the goblin hop ashore . 8 exterior great tree night a enormous blast tree crown the ruin of a forget castle . tangled root grip the anicient stone like the tenacles of a malformed sea monster . a atmosphere of eternal evil hover over the site . the goblin stare back across the bog . blunder : poor tic. . . . blix ( growl with anger ) : forget tic ! less be always more . pox : better we spilt three way than four ! blix hurry up the crumble step . pox and blunder follow . the step lead under gigantic twist root . blix find a small open and slip inside . pox and blunder like this less and less but follow they leader without complaint . 9 interior great tree night the three goblin tumble down a steep slope . the giant tree be a vast hollow stump , open to a moonlit sky , surround a smaller tree transfix by a curve bronze horn , a instrument of unspeakable evil . pox and blunder stare up like open-mouthed tourist . blix be impatient . blix : boost I . . . . ! hurry . . . . ! we must sound the summon before the dawn . . . . the three goblin form a teeter ladder with blix wobble at the top and blunder crush at the bottom . blix blow into the horn with all he might . nothing happen . suddenly , he break wind ! pox and blunder grimace . blix blow again into the horn . there be no sound . Dead leave and dust puff out of the bell , follow by three squealing bat . the support goblin wobble . pox step on blunder 's head . blix blow a third time into the great horn . the unholy SOUND reverbarate like the wail of all the doom soul in purgatiory . 10 exterior forest ( various angle ) night as the evil SOUND moan , the forest creature react with terror . Squirrels , rabbit , and mouse dart fearfully for cover . bird flock to they nest . only the night creature , the wolf , weasel , and owl perk up thier ear to listen . 11 interior great tree night the three goblin cower terrify among the gnarled root . blunder : now what . . . . ? blix : we sit . . . . we wait . . . . that be we fate ! 11a exterior great tree night the goblin wait up on the upper platform of the ruin castle . blix sit apart from the other , stare out across at the bog . the light of a campfire cast they shifting shadow against the huge trunk of the hollow tree . blix play with the silver hair . blix ( to himself ) : move silent like the breeze . Soft as shadow , still as tree , darkness be in all we see . he life in silence , he life in fire , he life in all that 's dark and dire . a mysterious float shape approach out of the distance . it be a black cloak , wafting through the mist like a airborne manta ray . 12 exterior bog night the fly cloak wrap about the statue of the skeletal fiddler . the wind press it tight , revealing the skull through the cloth . suddenly , the statue 's head turn to look at the great tree . 13 exterior great tree night blix walk to to the edge of the platform , peer into the night . blix : look in the gloom , search out the tomb . that be where you find we sire . the pedestal be empty . the statue of the fidder have vanish ! blix get down on he knee , genuflect , toward the the open bog . the black shadow of the lord of darkness fall across he . darkness tower over the ruin castle platform , a huge horn figure drpae in bacl cloth . a awesome silence ensue . blunder and pox kneel , heaping ash and dirt upon thier head . blix : hail o great one. . . . divine and dark ! strong like a lion , swift like a shark . blix offer the silver hair up to darkness . blix : though I be not worthy of the task great Lord , I find this for you amusment . blunder leap to he foot and grab the hair from blix . blunder : do not listen to they mealy - mouth lie boss . . . . I be the one who find it . . . . me! blunder the bold ! there be a bight flash of light . blunder howl with pain . blunder stare at he arm in dismay . his hand be go , magically replace by a grotesque birdclaw . blunder ( stunne ) : thank you , lordship . . . . blunder experimently clenches and unclench he new bird claw . pox : quite stylish , actually . . . . darkness dangle the shine silver hair in front of he . darkness : where . . . . ? blix : in the wood , six league back , ' tween twin oak and the Dragon 's track . darkness : do my bold hunter chance to see quarry which cast this spoor ? blix : I stalk it , sire , but much too slow , what beast it be I do not know . darkness : this hair be from a angel of light . . . it come this way rarely . . . I must have this creature ! blix : oh Divine Dark one , teach we how to catch this creature . pox : you instruction would be m-m-most ap - p-preciate . blunder : amen ! I want to learn ! I crave knowledge ! darkness : no trap of yours will work . . . . there be only lure for such disgusting goddness . . . .one bait which never fail . . . . blix : name the bait , Lord . . . . darkness : innoncence ! 14 exterior cottage meadow day a beautiful flower - spangle meadow alive with songbird . baby rabbit frolic in the tall grass where industrious squirrel forage for acorn and nut . a delicate fawn gambol under the watchful eye of the doe . Cloud of multi-hue butterfly swirl overhead . waist -deep in flower , a young princess skip singing across the meadow . her name be lili . she wear splendid brocade and carry a bouquet wrap in a lace napkin . like this blossom , she be beautiful and fresh and innocent . tiny bird fly down and land on she head and shoulder . she laugh as a warbling wren take a seed from she lip . lili ( sing ) : come down sparrow , sing I good morning . rise up sun , light the arch of the sky . live river , turn light to diamond , when I look in my true love 's eye . lili run towards a distant thatched - roofed cottage . 15 exterior boulder at edge of wood day blix , pox , and blunder hide behind a boulder , watch the girl . blix ( whipering ) : darkness say the perfect lure always be a virgin pure . . . . 15a exterior cottage at edge of wood day the woodcarver's wife be hangin up the wash when lili sneak from behind the cottage . grinning micheviously , lili unfasten one end of the clothes - line and let it drop . the laundry flutter onto the new-mown grass , a sheet drpae around the outrage wife . wife : dad-blame faery ! 16 interior cottage day the cottage be snug and homey with smoke- blacken beam and hand - peg furniture . a woodcarver sleep by he bench surround by wood - shaving and rough - out toy . lili step into the sunlight stream through the open doorway . her beauty be etheral , a angel descend . finch peck at newly - make tart laid on a trestle table to cool . they rise to the rafter as at lili 's approach . the princess peek around the room . she tiptoe to the hearth and lift the stewpot lid , dip a finger in for a taste . spy the tart , she grab one and eat it hurriedly , leave a telltale crumb on she upper lip . the clock toll the hour . a carve wooden maiden piroettes from the interior , pursue by a skeletal fiddler play a bone fiddle . lili be fancinate . the woodcarver 's wife enter . she curtsy to the princess . wife : God bless you highness . a royal visit be ever a joy . lili : I have not come to visit , nell wife : wo not you stay for a tart ? nell pull a tray from the oven . wife ( cont ) : they be fresh -bake . lili : I have no time today . wife ( teasing ) : the princess must have a sweetheart wait . lili : nonsense ! wife : surely the king forbid such folly lili : what my father do not know will not hurt he . wife : the wilful heart invite despair , like blind man creep in a dragon 's lair . with nell 's back turn , lili steal another tart , hide it among the flower in she bouquet . lili : neither country proveb nor king 's command can keep I out of the wood today . wife : then it 's common sense ought . this wood be thick with spriggen and banshee ! lili : be that why you have hang a bell over the door ? wife : aye , and spread the floor with flax and salt . my babe will not be steal by faery . the princess start merrily for the sun-bright doorway . lili ( laugh ) : more salt , nell . . . .! you will worry yourself to death if you be not careful . lili run out like a naughty child . the woodcarver 's wife lean against the door jamb and call after she : wife : beware of toadstool ring and willow tree . . . . ! stay away from old oak ! 17 exterior forest path to glade day hiding behind a moss -coverd log , blix , pox , and blunder watch princess lili run singing through the wood , oblivous to any sign of danger . blix ( scowling ) : May be innocent . . . . May be sweet . . . . ai not half as nice as rotten meat . . . . ! 18 exterior jack forest glade day a lovely glade surround by tall tree , breathlessly , lili run in from the wood . she be familair with this spot . it be she trysting place lili ( call ) : Jack . . . . ! I know you be here . . . . Jack ! lili look around in exasperation . behind she , something wild and mysterious swing through the tree like a animal . lili ( cont ) : Jack ? where be you . . . . ? answer I ! lili be apprehensive at get no reply . she hear the rustle of the leave but do not see the sun-dapple figure leaping from limb to limb overhead . lili ( frighten ) ( cont ) : oh , Jack . . . . please say something if you be here . . . . jack o' the GREEN , a legendry " Green man " who life the free life of a hermit in the wood , drop down from a tree behind the princess , landing without a sound . he be barefoot , about sixteen , and wear woven ivy leave and skin . startle , lili scream . lili ( cont ) : Jack ! you scared the life out of I . Jack say nothing , stare at she shyly . lili hand he the flower . a jay fly down out of the greenery and land rasping on Jack 's shoulder . he imitate the bird expertedly , the jay answer he in English : jay : she bring a gift as fair as herself . lili laugh , it all seem magic to she . lili : you be so clever , Jack . . . . see what you can find in the flower . Jack poke in the bouquet and discover the steal tart . he stuff it immediately into he mouth . jack : mmmmmmm . . . . lili : sweet ? jay : sweet from the sweet . jack : I know someone sweeter . lili blushes . 19 exterior another part of the forest day conceal behind the tree , blix , pox and blunder watch the Green man and the princess wander down a meander path . pox pick a spider from he web , pop it in he mouth , and crunch it down with a happy smile . 19a exterior meandering path day several bird perch on Jack 's head and shoulder . Squirrels , rabbit and hedgehog play about he foot . Jack feed they nut and berry from he pouch , answer they chatter expertedly . Jack understand the language of all wild creature . when a frisky wren fly warbling overhead , lili hesitantly return its call . jack : that be very good . . . . just right . lili : teach I rabbit like you promise . jack : rabbit be much harder than wren . lili : let I try . I be a very good student . . . . my father think I be brilliant . . . lili toy with the silver madallion pendant she wear , cause reflect sunlight to shine in Jack 's eye . lili ( cont ) : see how brilliant I be ! jack ( laugh ) : stop it . . . . ! I can not see ! lili : do not I dazzle you with my wisdom ? lili seem to glow with sunlight . Jack stare at she , rapt with love . jack : much more than wisdom dazzle I . lili laugh and hang she madallion around he neck . lili : then teach I rabbit . jack : not today . . . . there 's something really special I promise to show you . lili ( delighted ) : oh , Jack . do you mean it ? jack : if it please you . lili : more than anything ! jack : this be they season . they will not pass here again for a long , long time . . . . if you want to see they , you must do everything I tell you . lili : I swear . . . on my honour ! jack : I be take you to a very special place . . . it 's sort of sacred . nobody but I know where it be , and , well . . . . lili ( impatient ) : what ? tell I ! Jack unwrap the lace napkin from lili 's bouquet . jack : you will have to wear a blindfold . lili ( coyly ) : do not you trust I , Jack ? jack : I will always trust you , lili . . . . 20 exterior forest path , glade to stream day Jack hold lili 's hand , lead she blindfolded along a path through the wood . distant thunder rumble . jack : Storm 's come . . . . lili : who care ? have not you a cosy place to hide ? jack : many place . . . . none fit for a princess . . . . lili : in this wood you be the prince , Jack . . . . I be only a pauper here . . . . Jack turn to face a radiantly smile lili . he bend towards she , closer and closer , and , for a moment , seem about to steal a kiss . she wait , smile , sense what be about to happen . in the end , Jack 's innoncence and timidity get the best of he and he turn away . without he knowledge lili lift a corner of the blindfold and mischievously peek . 20a exterior behind a tree near the path day the three goblin peer around a mossy trunk . blunder : yuck ! do you see what he be gonna do ? make I want to puke ! blix : I swear by all the bat above , nothing 's quite so foul as love ! 21 exterior unicorn stream and glade day a sun -glide amphithtre within the darker confines of the forest . sparkle like a ribbon of diamond , a stream flow down the middle . Jack lead lili out of the wood and unty the napkin from around she eye . lili ( aewstruck ) : oh , Jack . . . .! it 's magic ! 21a exterior streamside shubbery day some time have pass . lili be uncomfortable and restless . lili : how much longer ? jack : be patient ! lili kneel by the bank of the streem , cupping water into she hand . Jack stop she from drink . lili : I be thristy ! Jack point at a huge viper move sinously along the bank . jack : it 's poisen the brook . no animal will drink here now . lili ( indignant ) : I want some water . jack : shhh ! lili : do not tell I to be quiet . . . .! I be a princess ! Jack pull lili back into hide . jack ( very softly ) : just watch ! true royalty approach . . . . 22 exterior the stream ( jack &amp ; lili be Pov ) day the radiant light beam gleam through the tree . a moment later , a splendid white unicorn move down the hillside to the edge of the stream . this be a stallion . he hold he head proudly . his mate stand at the edge of the wood . lili ( os ) : ohh .... they be so beautiful .... the unicorn dip he horn into the stream . jack ( os ) : the alicorn purify the water . . . . the stallion watch he mare approach to drink . she be slighter and more delicate , but every inch as mignificent . jack ( cont ) ( os ) : there 's no creature with more power or magic . . . . as long as they roam the earth , evil cannot harm the pure of heart . . . . 23 exterior large boulder opposite clearing day the three goblin crouch hide . blunder ( disgust ) : Ugly one - horn mule ! blix : shhh ! 24 exterior clearing day the princess be entrance . lili : such grace . . . . can you speak they language ? jack : a little . . . . it 's very hard . unicorn talk only of love and laughter . Dark thought be almost impossible for they to express . lili : oh Jack . . . I must touch one . jack ( alarmed ) : no ! lili : I want to ! Jack restrain the princess when she attempt to get up from hide . jack : it be forbidden . this be sacred animal . lili : nothing be forbidden I ! jack : do not ever say that ! you risk you immortal soul . lili pull free and step into the clear . lili : you sound like my confessor . . . . I only want to touch one . the princess stride defiantly into the open meadow . the unicorn watch the girl from across the stream . they snort and paw the ground . lili stand alone , hold she arm to the unicorn . lili ( sing ) : like a child feel watch a rainbow . like a brid feel the first time it fly I feel magic stir within I , when I look in my true love 's eye . the stallion 's nostril flare . his strong neck arch . sunlight gleam on he horn as he charge . from lili 's Pov the stallion be terrifying as he thunder towards she acroos the stream . the stallion rear and prance , racing around the princess as if draw foward on a invisable lead . Jack watch from the underbrush , he outrage tinged with more than a touch of jealously . 25 exterior boulder day blix , pox and blunder peer from they hide - place . evil leer brighten they impish feature . pox ( whipering ) : m-m-might as well be fish in a barrel . . . one would hope for a t-t-touch more sp -p-port . . . . blix clamp he hand over pox 's mouth . blix : pox ! shut you yap ! 26 exterior clearing day the lureof the virgin be too strong for the unicorn to resist . lili make no move as the tremble stallion stand before she , the rapier tip of he horn press against she breast . it be obvious he could kill she be a instant . the princess calmly reach out and caress he muzzle . lili ( sing ) : when the darkness fall like a curtain and the river and stream turn to ice , I have summer and daylight forever when I look in my true love 's eye . across the stream , the mare pace back and forth , obviously agitate . 27 exterior behind the boulder day blix pull a long black flute from he quiver . he take a dry hornet from a black snail - shell with a hinge lid and slip it into he flute , aim the instrument like a blowgun . blunder : steady .... take you time .... do not miss ... blix silence the foolish golbin with a ferocious scowl . his cheek puff . there be a soft phut of expell breath . 28 exterior centre of clearing day the poisen hornet sail the air and strike the hornet on the haunch . stung , the unicorn bolt through the clear , disappear into the undergrowth with the mare hard on he heel . the princess stand be confuse and bewilder . distant thunder disturb the tranquility . Jack rush to lili 's side . lili : oh , Jack , it be so lovely ... like a dream . jack ( angry ) : you be lucky it be not a nightmare ! lili : do not be such a scold .... come , I will chase you fear away . the princess take Jack by the hand and lead he from the clear . 29 exterior forest ( unicorn hunt ) day the unicorn plunge through bramble and fern clump . leap a deadfall log , the stallion stumble . he struggle to he foot and continue run . the three goblin gallop pell - mell on they devilish steed . there be nothing comical about they now . 30 exterior ring pond day Jack and lili sit atop a high promontory jutting over a crystalline pond . lili : sweet William do a-hunt go , in the wood where faery dwell . from dawn to dusk roam he to and for , lose , o lose , all under thier spell . 31 exterior forest ( unicorn hunt ) day the stallion stagger , he gait increasingly unstable as the poisen take effect . the mare nuzzle he flank where the envenom hornet strike . it be a virulent ound , red and swollen . the war-like shout of the goblin grow even closer . the unicorn pause at a fork in the trail . the stallion motion with he head . sadly , the mare comprehead and flee down the divergent path to safetly . the stallion stand he ground . when the three goblin hunter gallop towards he , he turn and limp into the wood . 32 exterior ring pond day Jack lie beside lili , listen raptly to she poem . lili ( recite ) : come he at last to where bluebell grow , he hear they ring , 'tis true to tell . he lay he down and do not know the flower 's sound be he own death knell . and while he sleep come the lady fair , and gather he up behind she saddle . now , all young hunter of bluebell beware sweet William ride straight through the gate of Hell . Jack be lose in lili 's smile . jack : when I get to heaven , I know just how the angel will sound . lili ( enjoy it ) : do you flatter all the girl like that , Jack ? jack ( embaress ) it 's the truth . lili kiss Jack sweetly . he do not respond . lili ( smile ) : be you afraid of my kiss ? jack : I be afraid you will break my heart . lili : then still you heart ... you be dear to I as life itself . jack : only because I amuse you ... like some train bear ! lili : that 's not true ! I do love you , Jack . you must believe I ! jack : and if I so .... no good can come from it . I be only a Green man , without land or title ... no name or wealth to bring you . the princess she golden ring on and off she finger . lili : what do it matter . I do not care about any of that . jack : but it do matter ....! if not now .... someday . what about when the time come for you to marry ? lili : I want to marry you . jack : that 's impossible ! lili : not if it 's what you really want , Jack . lili show Jack she ring . lili ( cont ) : do not you wish this be we wedding ring ? jack : what if I say yes ...? will my wish come true ? lili : it be my right as a princess to set a challenge for my suitor . lili throw she ring high over they head . it glitter through the air , tumble over and over in the long drop to the pond . lili ( cont ) : I will marry whoever find this ring . the ring spalsh into the cnetre of the pond . Jack strip off he leafy cloak and dive headlong from the cliff . 33 exterior unicorn death arena day sweat-streaked , the unicorn stagger out of the tree onto a sweeping green meadow brilliant with pink bloosom . froth bubbles on he nostril . his wide azure eye betray he panic . the goblin ride onto the flower - bright meadow . they jump down from they mount in a frenzy . blunder ( excited ) : we get he now ....! we get he now ! the stallion stumble forawrd , make a last futile effort to attack the goblin . limb leaden , head hang , the noble animal settles against a sapling and slide to the ground . Thunder rumble overhead . a wild wind whip the pink blossom into the air . 34 exterior underwater ring pond day the golden ring drift down , tumble in a lazy spiral . Jack 's pale form stab through the crystal water . the distant glint of the sink ring lure he on . the ring settles into the mud at the bottom , conceal by wave weed . Jack search blindly as cloud of silt billow about he . 35 exterior unicorn death arena day the three goblin advance towards the fall unicorn through a pink blizzrd of wind blow blossom . 35a exterior sky day the black cloud boil and crash , thunderhead mount one upon another in a dark maelstrom . 36 exterior unicorn death arena day the goblin stand around the fall unicorn . blunder turn away as pox seize the end of the alicorn , lift it off the ground . blix swing a evil battle - axe high up over he head . jag lightning split the raging darkness as the black blade fall . blix wave the severe alicorn in triumph . the whirling pink petal turn instantly into white snowflake . 37 exterior ring pond day apolcalyptic wind scream through the forest . lightn flash . the world be plunge into winter darkness . lili cling to a tree trunk . lili ( in desparation ) : Jack ! help I ! the princess can not maintain she grip . the icy blast knock she to the ground and she crawl to the cliff edge . lili ( cont ) ( scream ) : Jack ! the she horror , lili see a skin of ice form over the surface of the pond . lili ( cont ) ( sobbing ) : oh , dear God .... Jack ..... no .... Fighting the raging wind , lili stumble to the pond and pound on the ice in frustration . it be no use . lili ( cont ) : .... get to get help ! frantically , lili run off into the storm - whipped wood . 38 exterior underwater ring pond day Jack turn and look up at the dark surface . he storke upwards , only to bump he head into something solid at the top . the pond be cover by a sheet of ice ! 39 exterior ring pond day Jack 's contort face be see through the ice . he break the freeze surface with he fist and he gasp head thrust into the air . jack ( shouting ) : lili ....! his word be lose on the wind . 40 exterior cottage meadow day Winter shroud the tiny homestead . immobile goat , chicken and duck stand silent as snow statue in the farmyard . lili run from the freeze forest and stumble up the cottage step . 41 interior cottage ( frozen ) day the princess barge in , wild - eye and distraught . frost rime the wall and furnishings . everything glisten like sugar candy . the woodcarver and he wife be freeze solid . lili : nell ....! Arthur ....! lili touch the wife 's gelid cheek . lili : nell ....? oh , nooooo ! lili be shocked to discover the wife be freeze . the prince throw herself sobbing across the bed . sound of snorting and shout come from outside . lili scratch the frost off the window pane in the sleep alcove . 42 lili be Pov : through window the noisy goblin ride up on a makeshift sleigh of lash animal bone . they stop outside and clamber out . blix have the alicorn tuck under he arm . 43 interior cottage day terrify , lili run wildly across the cottage and clim the ladder to the loft . 43a interior cottage loft day barrel and chest be store here . cure bacon and ham hang from the rafter . lili hide in a corner with several twig broom and a butter churn . she wrap herself in a old quilt snatch from a open trunk . snow blow in through a hole in the roof , cover the floor timber . Three -inch gap between the plank permit a view into the cottage interior . 43b lili be Pov : between plank the front door slam open and the goblin stumble laugh inside . blix : mortal world turn to ice , here be goblin ' paradise ! 43c interior cottage day blunder sink he handaxe onto the kitchen table as he saunter past the freeze tart . blunder : lot to eat ! pox run forward to the cradle and seize the freeze baby , bare he tusk for the feast . pox : I s-s-simply adore m-m-milk - feed meat ! blunder : what be you ....? some kinda animal ? horrify , lili gasp ( os ) in the loft . the goblin cock they ear to listen . pox snarl and drop the baby back in the cradle . curious , blunder start up the ladder to the loft , but change he mind half - way , more interested in what blix be do . blix : why eat cold ? it 's better hot ! blix point the alicorn at the freeze stewpot on the hearth . it begin to steam and bubble , magically boil without a fire underneath . pox : be -m-maze ! how do you d-d - d - do that , old , ch-ch -chap ? blix be equally surprised by the alicorn 's power . he cackle and aim it at the clock on the mantle . the clock 's hand spin wildly around backwards , the carve figure darting in and out at fives time they normal speed . blix launch on a orgy of destruction , wave the alicorn like a magic wand . plates shatter , the cradle rock . furniture topple , Toby mug come wailing alive , paint wooden toy dance and caper . the goblin shriek with impish joy . 43d interior loft ( frozen ) day lili watch the havoc through the gap in the floor . blix point the alicorn straight up . snow fly wildly around the crouching princess . the broom and the butter churn begin a mad dance across the crowded loft . it be all the princess can do to keep from scream . 43e interior cottage ( frozen ) day as a grand finale , blix point at nell 's freeze figure , blow she skirt above she waist . pox ( languidly ) : m-m-most amusing blix .... most terribly amusing . blunder : this be sure we lucky day . kill that ugly one-horn dead as a cowplop on a birthday cake ! blix : prattle , prattle like a priest ! ( point to himself ) it be I who shoot the beast ! pox : without the p-p-princess for bait , you would never get close .... b-b- beauty bring the b-b-beast to bay . blunder : she 's so sweet .... I could eat she brain like jam ! 43f interior loft ( frozen ) day lili slump against the wall , aghast at what she 's just overhear . 43g interior cottage day blunder and pox fill a sack with freeze tart . pox : I would like such she b-b-bone ! blix point the alicorn at the cottage door . it fly open with a crash . blix : better hurry ! can not be late ! blix march out of the door . the other two goblin follow , darrge they sack of tart . blunder : when we deliver that horn , pox ol ' buddy , darkness gonna give we a humongous big reward . blunder and pox leave , slamm the door behind they . after a long pause , lili creep sobbing down the ladder from the loft . lili : oh , God .... God .... the princess stumble across the cottage towards nell . lili ( cont ) what have I do ...? I do not want the unicorn to die .... all I do be touch it .... lili plead with the freeze wife , as if begging for she forgiveness . she be interrupt by the gruff voice of a House brownie . brownie ( os ) : you be a wick , wick girl ! lili look up and see a long - bearded brownie stand next to the clock on the mantle . 43h lili be Pov : brownie brownie : the world be in a fine mess because of you . 43i brownie' Pov : lilibr lili ( desperately ) : I will make it somehow .... I swear it ...! I do not care what happen to I . 43j lili be Pov : brownie brownie : word ... mere word .... bold deed be need now ! look at you ! pampere and soft ! never do a day 's work in you life .... lili ( os ) : who be you ? brownie : I ...? I be the house brownie ... I keep dust devil under the bed and all the china crack .... you know how a watch pot never boil ? I do that ... and I be a wizard at turn sweet milk sour .... the front door crash loudly open . 43k interior cottage ( frozen ) day Little blunder swagger into the cottage . lili cover she face with the quilt and hold herself rigid as if freeze . the brownie duck out of sight . blunder stalk to the kitchen table and pull he axefree . he do a double - take on spot the princess . the tiny goblin can not remember can not remember if he see she earlier or not . he poke she and lift she skirt to peek at she leg . he be stop short by blix 's angry cry outside : blix ( os ) : blunder ! move you butt ! on the double ! blunder hurry to the door . lili relax when she hear it slam . lili : thank God .... lili look up at the mantle . lili ( cont ) ( sobbing ) : can you .... help I ? 437 lili be Pov : brownie brownie : can I what ? lili ( os ) : help I .... brownie ( sadly ) : I would like to .... but I be a domestic sort of chap .... no good at all where demon be concerned .... 43m brownie' Pov : lili lili : then I will do it myself ! I will follow that goblin .... somehow ..... even if it cost my life ! 43n lili be Pov : brownie brownie : I like you spirit ! there 's always hope when a brave heart back a noble cause .... but what chance have you ? they have the alicorn ! the power be theirs ! 43o brownie' Pov : lili the princess resolutely hurry about the cottage , gather thing to eat and other useful item . lili : I will do it ! you will see .... I fool they now , do not I .... well , I will do it again easy as pie .... lili start for the door . brownie ( os ) : wait ....! take this ....! lili turn back . 43p lili be Pov : brownie the brownie pull a golden feather from he cap and toss it down to lili . brownie : ' tis from the tail of the cockatrice .... make you as fleet as a run deer . and better , when thing seem at they darkest , 'twill remind you always that hope be alive .... 43q brownie' Pov : lili the princess tuck the feather into she bodice . lili : thank you .... hope be just what I need . lili rush from the cottage back into the snow . 44 exterior forest ( snow traveler ) day a full - scale blizzard drive down through the naked tree limb . Jack slog forward , near freeze . jack ( call ) : lili ....! lili ....! Jack see a tiny bird , freeze solid on a branch . he take it tenderly down , try to warm it with he breath . jack ( cont ) : what 's happen .... stand rigid all around he be number of freeze animal . he can do nothing for the bird and trudge on into the storm . jack ( cont ) ( call ) : lili ....! up ahead , the figure of a man be barely discernible . Jack run to the man , think himself save .. Jack discover the man be freeze , like the bird . his initial shock give way to releif . the man be he salvation after all . quickly , he unty the stranger 's travel bag and cloak . jack ( cont ) : God rest you soul .... I know you will not mind if I borrow you thing . Jack wrap himself in the claok and find a tinder box in the travel bag . he scrape together a pile of twig , strike spark with the flint and steel to start they smoulder . 45 deleted : transposed to 46d 46 exterior faerie circle night a campfire blaze . Jack sleep beside a tiny fire , shiver under he new cloak . a tiny glow light streak out of the wood . it circle around Jack . the light touch the fire and it blaze up like a bonfire , waking Jack . jack : what ....? 46a jack Pov : light Jack stare at the radiant buble hang above he . he see a tiny woman -child with delicate dragonfly wing trap inside . this be luna . jack ( cont ) ( os ) : who be you ? 46b exterior faerie circle night luna zoom off into the treetop . Jack grab a flame brand and jump to he foot . jack ( cont ) : who 's there ....? watch he through the drift smoke in gump , a elf no more than the waist high . slightly build , he be near - naked in spite of the cold . his face be that of a child , yet he eye shine with a wisdom century old . gump ( smile mysteriously ) : here you be a forest child and not know the gump .... jack : gump , be it ? gump : aye , Jack .... honeythorn gump at you service ..... the air be fill with frenzied click and snap : stone tapping , stick 's rub , log be thumped , etc . number of green-glow eye stare at Jack out of the shadow . jack ( frighten ) : how d' you know my name ? gump : how do a migrate swallow know the way south in winter ....? or a spawn salmon find the tiny freshet of he birth from the black cold depth of the mysterious sea ....? I know everything , Jack ! jack : everything ....? why have this happen ? why be it winter now ? gump : I would be a powerful wizard indeed could I answer .... ( shrewdly ) : suppose you tell I , Jack . Jack in uncomfortable . jack : I ? how can I do that ? gump : you know this wood as well as any elf .... do you not see something odd today ? any strange spirit ? do nothing untoward happen ? jack : no .... well .... I take lili to see the unicorn ..... gump ( furious ) : you do what ? number of elve and faery appear out of the dark wood . they come in all size , from sprite no larger than squirrel to plump hobmen as big as small child . brown tom be a plump , tipsy leprechaun , drape with pot and pan like a tinker ; screwball , a tiny pixie wear a ill-fitting cap and garment tassle with flower . faeries ( whisper in chorus ) : what ....? codfish and cockle ....! never ....! pewterpot and .... pumpkin ....! poo-poo pudding ....! doo-doo dumpling ....! shit -willy whatnot ....! gump : silence ! the whipering stop . all eye be on Jack . he writhes with guilt under thier scrunity . jack ( deeple ashamed ) : oh God , she touch he .... a groan rise from the crowd of faery . they be outrage . gump be the maddest of all . his face darken . his eye glow . he tremble with banshee fury . gump : touched it ! a mortal laid hand on a unicorn ? brown tom : bad .... terrible bad ! jack : we mean no wrong . gump ( scream ) : what be it you do mean , Jack ! jack : nothing .... gump ( cold and hard ) : nothing , he call it ! jack : I want to share something special with she . gump : well .... I have something now to share with you .... a lively reel to warm you bone ! gump magically pull a violen out of thin air . jack : I be in no mood for dance . gump ( scream with wrath ) : squawk ! squawk ! no more talk .... do you think you can upset the order of the universe and not pay the price ? Brown Tom produce ancient bag pipe , screwball a tambourine . the other wee folk tune up a incredible variety of oddly - shape instryemnt : seashell trumpet , acorn cellos , gosset , serpentine , blossom - bell horn , bone flute , all manner of drum and rattles . a wild and haunt overture begin . the rhythm be complusive . Jack can not control he body . his foot move against he will . jack ( frantic ) : no ! I want no part of you nonsense . gump leer demonically . gump : time to dance , Jack ! play he fiddle , gump be possess , demonic . screwball beat on a log with a pair of shin bone . the faerie orchestra break into a other - world melody . Jack leap and jump like a zombie . jack : no ...! please ....! brown tom ( chant ) : round and round and round and round , before you be lose , you must be find . the tempo increase . the musician leap and cavort . Jack twist and caper , dance against he will . screwball ( chant ) : in and out and up and down , behind each smile there lurk a frown . gump leap wildly , fiddling like a demon . Jack be a prisoner of the frenzied music . brown tom ( chant ) : spin and spin and spin and spin , to learn to lose you first must win . gump hop into the fire , dance and play as spark leap about he . the music grow wilder . Jack will never survive . screwball ( chant ) : twist and reel and toe and heel , the end to pain be to learn to feel ! Jack 's face be a mask of agony . with supreme effort , he hurl himself onto the ground , he body jerk spasmodically to the music . jack ( scream ) : enough ! the faerie orchestra falter , they tempo break . gump ( angry ) : be the music not to you like ? jack ( gasp ) : i....wo not ....go....on ... take my life , if you must .... what I do be unforgiveable .... ( boldly ) but , I do it for love ! and I would do it again ! I love lili with all my heart and would sooner die than break a promise ! gump stare at Jack . a tender expression soften he flinty eye . gump : hmmmm ..... Love , you say ....? Love be another story .... jack : I mean no disrespect .... gump : answer I this riddle and all be forgiven . jack : and if I cannot ? gump : why , Jack .... then 'tis you death song I will be play . jack : ask away , and pray God my answer please you . gump : what be a bell that do not ring , yet , its knell make the angel sing ? gump laugh , know Jack can not solve he riddle . Jack frown in concentration , then grin , as the memory of lili 's song rush back . jack : bluebell ! gump : what ? jack : the flower . bluebell . to hear then ringing mean you life be at a end . gump hurl he violin to the ground and stomp on it . gump : damnation ! codfish and cockle ! gammon and trotter ! screwball and Brown Tom run for cover as gump explode in a insane fury . he throw himself to the ground , kick and scream . gump ( cont ) : rabbot noodle ....! schweinhundt saukraut mit schlagober ....! piddle - puddle und ka- ka crumpet ....! piss pot and thunder mug ! demkopf doo - doo brain riddle - widdler ! abruptly , gump stand and dust himself off as if nothing have happen . he smile at Jack and hold out he tiny hand . gump ( cont ) : you best I , Jack .... bested I .... best I ... jack ( modestly ) : a riddle with a answer be like a empty cup when you be thirsty for wine . gump : well speak ! and if it 's wine you want , it 's wine we shall have . gump clap he hand and four tiny glass magically appear , float in the air before they . another clap and Brown Tom 's hat pop off he head , revealing a wine bottle balanced underneath . gump ( cont ) : a small measure of entertainment at best . gump snap he finger and the wine bottle float off Brown Tom 's head , pause to in mid-air to fill each bob glass . gump ( cont ) : elderberry wine .... no finer drink under heaven . each one take a glass . gump raise he in a toast . gump ( cont ) : here 's to Jack ....riddle-solver .... dance fool , and faerie friend . they all clink glass . Jack regards he with suspicion . jack : I be honoure , gump .... but no more trick ! gump ( to the other ) : here be precious summertime freeze into a winter memory and the blame fool will not drink faerie wine for fear of enchantment . they all drink , Jack with some relunctance . the faery enjoy the wine . Jack gag , as if he 's swallow fire . jack ( cough ) : pranks ....! be that all you be good for ....! I have lose lili ....! gump ! help I ! use you magic to find she .... set the world right . gump : change this freeze hell be beyond my modest power . jack : be there nothing you can do ? gump : if you want more trick , I be you man .... but , for big question , you must go elsewhere . jack : but do not you care what 's happen ? gump : course we care .... what good 's the world lock in a season of death ? no folk to scare on a summer 's night .... brown tom : no baby to tickle .... screwball : no lover to tease .... gump : no more spell to cast .... do that sound like a enjoyable prospect ? jack : we must find the answer ! gump : that we must . but first , we better see that no harm 's come to the unicorn . screwball : I sadly fear the worst .... gump clap he hand and everyone be magically hold luminous flower lantern . 46c exterior deep forest night see from a distance , the lantern - light faerie procession glow like foxfire between the massive tree . 46d exterior snow ( lili track goblins ) night princess lili tun swiftly between the freeze tree , follow the track of the goblin . the quilt be tear , she hair dishevel . she pause at the top of a small , steep hill . the track of the goblin ' sleigh pass below . lili jump from the hilltop , leave the quilt float behind like a discard skin . it be a incrediable leap . she land with the sureness of a wild woodland creature and run off , hair stream behind , follow the trail of the sled . 47 exterior unicorn death arena night the faerie procession move out of the wood onto the freeze meadow . faeries ( sing together ) : what can you do when there 's nothing to be do ? sing a little song and have fun , fun , fun .... the silhouette of the unicorn be glimpse in the glow of the faerie lantern . led by Jack , the faery run towards the recumbent stallion . wisp stoops and pick up a arrow drop by the goblin . gump : this be goblin ' work .... powerful demon be agaisnt we ! Jack kneel sadly beside the ice-glaze unicorn . the SOUND of crashing hoofbeat alert the faery as the mare unicorn thunder out of the tree . brown tom : take cover , laddy ! the faery dive for protection . only Jack stand he ground . the mare charge straight at Jack . he be knock to he knee as she gallop past . the unicorn wheel about . Jack scramble to he foot . she charge again , skid to a stop on the freeze grass . her alicorn be aim straight at Jack 's throat . gump : run , Jack ! jack : the fault be mine . I owe she my life . gump : nobly speak , lad , and nobility be she gift in return . the mare make a soft noise deep in she throat . it be a cross between whale song and the coo of dove . Jack respond in kind , imitate the sound exactly . screwball : what 's he say ? what 's it mean ? brown tom ( shrugging ) : search I .... I speak some rabbit , but not a word of unicorn . the unicorn continue , a SOUND as close to music as anything in nature . jck listen intently and answer she . gump : come on Jack , do not keep we in the dark . jack : the dark be where we will stay .... we be curse . all warmth and light be lose when the stallion die . brown tom : be there naught we can do ? jack : we must get the alicorn back . only then will the world return to normal . gump : and how do faery fight a demon ? jack : she say we be to find a champion .... a mortal , bold of heart and pure in spirit . screwball : look ....! look ....! screwball point to the mare 's hoofprint in the snow . tiny wild flower spring to life within each indentation . jack : that be the warmth of she soul . not even death 's icy hand can stop it ! screwball : Little good she soul will do we now . brown tom : screwball 's right . where we gonna find a champion when every mortal can swing a sword be froze stiff as a icicle ? gump : do not give up so quick , lad . ( feel Jack 's arm ) you sure you be mortal ? jack ( indignant ) : course I be ! brown tom ( dubious ) : what sort of mortal speak unicorn ? screwball : why be not you freeze then ? jack : I do not know .... I be underwater .... and when I come up for air , everything be cover with ice . gump : you will do .... we best get you some weapon . jack ( puzzle ) : weapon ....? what be they ? brown tom ( dubious ) : he 's no champion , gump . gump : we will have to make he one .... or kill he try ....! follow I ! gump lead Jack and the other into the wood . the unicorn follow . faeries ( sing together ) : what can you do when there 's nothing to be do ? sing a little song and have fun , fun , fun .... 48 exterior great tree night lili creep around the base of the tree , make no sound . she move with the grace of a animal and hide behind a gnarled root where she can watch the goblin . blix hold court , surround by a lantern 's glow . pox sit on a bit of crumble masonary . blunder watch blix gesture with the alicorn . blix : look at we ! wait around like lacky .... and for what ? we be the one with the power ! blunder : you should not talk like , blix . we get in plenty big trouble ! blix : I be not afraid ! not even darkness last forever ! blix aim the alicorn at blunder , cause a burst of fire to erupt beneath the tiny , helmete goblin . blunder yelp and run off , clutching he flame backside . blix roar with laughte . power have go completely to he head . blix ( cont ) : watch out , pox ! blix point the alicorn at pox . Fire explode beneath the pig-face goblin . he leap scream into the air . blix point the alicorn at the fire he start and it grow larger . blix ( cont ) : Higher .... higher .... Burning fire ! make music like the choir ! blunder and pox watch blix make the fire fountain into the air . the heaven blaze . lili be dazzle . something very strange be happen within the swirl column of flame . gradually , a demonic face emerge , outline in the fire we see the leer face of darkness ! pox and blunder applaud blix 's rebellion . pox / blunder ( chant ) : Higher .... higher .. Burning fire ! make music like a choir ! the three unsuspecting goblin look up and see the demonic Lord of darkness flame above they . blix toss the alicorn into the air . blunder unwittingly catch it . blix : greeting , worship .... pox : w-w-welcome , great Lord .... d-d-darkest of the .... darkness : you devotion disgust I ? you insignificant strand of toad slobber ! blix and pox drop grovel to they knee , cover they head with leave and dirt . blunder can not control himself . he rush forward and point the alicorn up at darkness . blunder : hear I , you angel of light ! you reign be over ! a new order begin ! all the imp of Hell will dance freely over this dark land .... I hold the power .... darkness : enough ! darkness point a burn finger at blunder . the alicorn be rippef from the goblin 's grap and fly up to darkness . blunder yelp in terror . something terrible happen : the ground around blunder begin to soften . to he horror , the little goblin sink under as if into quicksand . blunder : please .... it be only a joke ... I do not mean it .... honest ....! blunder be in up to he neck . bludner ( cont ) : whatsamatter ? have you no sense of humour ? I hope you choke of faerie breath and flower petal ! blunder 's hand point up from the earth . darkness zap it , turn it to another chicken - claw ! blunder be go without a trace ; suck under with a disgusting slurp . darkness howl he triumph to the heaven . from she place of concealment , lili overhear every word . darkness : do you think this alicorn a mere plaything ....? with it my empire be eternal ! before I rule only the night . now , my minion will frolic in darkness until the end of time . darkness aim the alicorn at the column of fire start by blix , trace a arc of flame through the night . like a mad orchestra conductot with a magic baton , darkness control the fire 's movement . the blaze twist and swirl across the black night , blaze meteor trail , bright as the aeora . blix ( fawn ) : forgive this intrusion .... my goblin be a free-spirite lot . I like to encourage they .... initiative . what do you think of this policy , master ? column of flame shower around the Dark Lord and from within thier incendiary interior , evil wraith - like spirit emerge , swirl like ghost . Bright as comet , number of etheral flame spirit orbit they fiery master . darkness stand in total control within they mighty conflagration , the alicorn he sceptre . suddenly , with the pure clarity of a bell chime , the presence of daylight be detect . the reflect glow of the come dawn tinge the ground and cast it luminence over darkness and the goblin . darkness ( cont ) ( writhe ) : what be this light ...? beam of rise sunlight advance down the tree trunk . darkness recoil , wrapping he flame cloak about he . darkness ( cont ) : you kill the final unicorn .... be this not true ? blix and pox exchange guilty look . blix : this be true .... pox : undeniably t-t-true , Lord . darkness be on to they . he point with the alicorn . darkness : you lie ! here be dawn ! pox : well .... almost t-t-true .... ess -s-sentially true .... blix : that stallion be dead , dead as dream , dead as legend .... darkness : out with it ! sunlight be half - way to the ground . darkness shrink , shrivelling like a die ember . pox : but .... but .... the m-m-mare still life ... darkness : if even one unicorn walk the earth , my power be not complete .... blix : just a female .... she have no power ... . the ground grow very light . darkness melt into the campfire . darkness : only the power of creation ....? get that female ....! I command you .... in the name of darkness .... sunlight strike the ground . darkness be go ! his arm hold the alicorn aloft the fire be the last to disappear . lili back silently into the shadow surrround the great Tree . 49 exterior forest path day lili run straight into a drive blizzard . a distant SOUND alert she and she pause to listen . it be Jack and the faery , singing . Jack 's voice carry above the other . jack &amp ; the faeries ( os ) : when time be hard and thing look bad , do not feel blue and do not feel sad .... a look of astonished joy come over lili 's face . as the SOUND of sing fade , she run towards it , call eagerly . lili : Jack ....! ja-aack ! 50 exterior path to gump cave day Jack and the faery troop march through the blizzard , all singing merrily . jack &amp ; the faeries ( sing ) : if you down , wearin ' a frown , that 's the time to dance like a clown ! Jack hear something in the distance and stop to listen . lili ( very faint ) ( os ) : ja-aack .... ja-aack .... jack ( bewilder ) : lili ....? the SOUND of she distant call be erase by the howling storm . Jack sadly decide it be a trick of the wind and hurry to catch up with the other . 51 exterior forest path day lili stop run . there be nothing but the wail wind . lili ( softly ) : Jack ....? oh , Jack .... a solitary tear start from she eye , only to freeze on she cheek like a diamond beauty spot . lili ( cont ) : please God .... help I ! lili drop sobbing to she knee . through she grief , she see the unicorn 's track in the snow , each hoofprint gay with tiny bloom flower . her courage restore , lili follow this meander trail of burgeon life through the forest . 52 exterior entrance to gump cave day gump lead the way a huge boulder lodge uner the root of a giant tree . gump ( proudly ) : here 's my home , Jack .... what d' you think of that for a front door ? Jack think gump be pull he leg . jack ( in jest ) : be some job in get it open . gump : think you so ? gump whistle . immediately , two eye blink open on the front of the boulder , and he be see to have facial feature . boulder : Morning ' , gump .... the Boulder stand on a pair of tiny leg and waddle forth from under the tree root , revealing the entrance to a cavern . he promptly trip and roll over and over in the snow , he tiny stone foot kick wildly in the air . gump ( bow ) : after you , Jack .... Jack enter apprehensively udner the twist root . jack : thank you .... the other faery follow , lead the unicorn . 53 interior mouth to cave day a earthern antechamber under the tree , high enough for Jack and the unicorn . there be a small wooden door at the far end , seal with a bright brass padlock . gump : Brown Tom . stay here with the unicorn and guard she well . brown tom : like I own life ! gump : better than that ! she 's the last of she kind . gump march to the little wooden door . he insert a finger into the padlock , twist it like a key . instantly , the pop apart . gump open the door and enter a low tunnel beyond . 54 interior tunnel day Tree root twist down like dead men' finger and clutch the ancient rune stone lodge in the earthen wall . gump and screwball walk upright in the damp tunnel , but Jack be force to crawl on he hand and knee . luna fly above thier head like a tiny neon insect . gump : right this way .... gump pause by another wooden door , seal with a brass lock . he open it instantly with he magic touch . screwball : Home , sweet home ! 55 interior gump cave day Jack and the faery enter a cost burrw furnish with carve wooden chair and table , a porcelain stove and bundle of herb hang from the ceiling . the simple furniture be overwhleme by vat pile of treasure : gemstone , pearl , chest heape with gold coin . gump : fit for a king 's ramsom ! Jack in awe as he wade through the ankle-high loot . jack : such rich .... I feel I must be dream .... gump : if life be a dream , better you dread the waking ! screwball fill a golden helm with ruby and pour they out over he head . he laugh like a child in a sandpit . jack : .... beautiful .... gump : mere trinket .... let 's find you something useful . luna 's golden light streak down and whirl around Jack 's head . he swat futilely at she . jack : stop it ....! go away ....! gump : easy .... luna only seek a little affection . luna hover beside Jack 's cheek . jack : I mean no disrespect , but .... ouch ! make she stop , will you , gump ! gump : do you blood run so cold ? you will be a corpse before you time . gump unstopper a silver wine decanter and pour three goblet full . jack : what do she want from I ? gump : foolish question .... ( hand Jack a goblet ) drink , and wamr you heart . the answer 's at the bottom of you cup . Jack sniff he goblet suspiciously . this time , he be careful not to drink when the faery do . gump ( cont ) : now then .... down to business . gump pull a bejewlle broadsword free from its scabbard . it be a remarkably beautiful weapon . jack : what 's this ....? something to cook with ? gump and screwball exchange a hopeless look . gump ( patiently ) : this be a weapon , Jack .... as fine a weapon as you will ever see . jack ( curious : so , that 's a weapon .... what 's it do ? screwball : World be doom , if you ask I . screwball go back to play with the jewel . gump pull a silk handkerchief from he belt . gump : a little demonstration . gump toss the kerchief high in the air and it waft slowly down . the little elf be a expert swordsman . he whirl the weapon in a gleam blur , slice the drift handkerchief neatly in half . gump ( cont ) : with such a blade you could behead a ogre as easily as uncapping a soft-boile egg . jack : that 's really something .... can I try ? gump hand the sword to Jack . gump : you be the champion , be not you ? Jack pick up half the kerchief off the jewel- litter floor and toss it into the air . as it flutter down , he swing wildly with the broadsword . gump have to duck to avoid have he own head chop off . gump ( cont ) : watch out ....! you will get the hang of it in time .... now , we best see about some armour ..... screwball ! screwball : come right up ! screwball flip open the lid of a chest . fold inside be a golden chain - mail coat of exquisite workmanship . gump : go on .... see if it fit . Jack slip the coat over he head . it fit perfectly . gump ( nodd approval ) : it will turn a broadhead arrow be fifty yard . screwball : he might pass for a champion in that . gump : have a look at yourself , Jack . ( point : use yonder shield for a mirror . jack ( confuse ) : .... Shield ? gump ( exasperate ) : the round shiny thing over there . screwball : clothes never make the man .... gump silence screwball with a stern look and and stalk over to a small carve desk . there be a loud , musical chime . gump pull a remarkable instrument from a pouch on he belt : a wonderous crystal globe fill with whirling miniature world . gump ( study globe ) : hmmm ... get late . almost half - way past the morning mayfly hatch ... . screwball ( sullen ) : too cold for mayfly now .... ' side , I be not get no timepeice . gump : you first must know how to tell the time . screwball : I be not get nothing .... gump : no more chatter ....! I have get work to do . gump sit at the desk set he timepeice beside he and rummage among he papers . Jack kneel before a brightly polished shield and study he reflection . luna round and round he head . screwball : think I will brew some tea . screwball snatch variosu herb off the ceiling . screwball ( cont ) : colt 's foot and sassafrass ... maybe a spot of spearmint .... St John 's wort not bad .... and a little foxglove . screwball feverishly stuff a silver teapot full of dry herb . 56 deleted 57 exterior path to gump cave day the unicorn 's flowering footprint lead lili to gump 's cave . she pause to consider the situation . snowflake glisten in she tangle hair . she be fiercly beautiful . decide nothing be amiss , lili stalk silently inside . 58 interior mouth of cave day a small cooking fire flicker under blacken pot and a iron skillet . the mare unicorn be bedd down on a blanket of straw . Brown Tom lie fast asleep against she flank . the unicorn lift she head when lili tiptoe in . Brown Tom be jerk awake as the mare climb to she foot , snort with rage . brown tom : what ....? what ....? who 's there ? lili : I be princess lili .... I ..... brown tom : you ! you be the cause of all we sorrow ! the princess drop to she knee . lili : I know it be wrong .... everything be my fault . ( weep ) please .... please forgive I . brown tom : I be not the one ye should be ask . lili : I want to make it up to she .... I follow the goblin ! they give the alicorn to the Lord of darkness ! brown tom : good lass ! you be a plucky little partridge at that . lili : we can not stay here ! it 's not safe ! darkness send the goblin to hunt the mare ... if I find she , so will they .... we msut go ! 59 deleted 60 interior mouth of cave day Brown Tom look past lili to the mouth of the cave . brown tom : too late ! pox and blix stand in the entrance , aim they wick , barb arrow straight at the heart of lili and Brown Tom . Brown Tom swing a iron skillet back over he head in a warrior 's stance . brown tom : if you imps're look for a fight , ye have come to the chap who will oblige ye . blix / pox : kill ....! k-k-kill ...! kill ...! blix and pox loose they arrow , renocking the bow with incredible speed . Brown Tom move like lightning , use the skillet as a shirld to deflect the arrow raining about he . lili stand in front of the mare , strive to protect the unicorn 's body with she own . Brown Tom lepa acrobatically about with the skillet . a fusillade of arrow clang off its iron surface . a lucky shot peirce Brown Tom 's hat . Dark red liquid stream down he face . his eye roll up in mortal terror . brown tom : dick-o-tuesday 's duck ! they have do for I ! Brown Tom stagger in a dramatic half - circle , toppling straight over backwards , stiff as a board . the mare unicorn rear whinnying on she hind -quarter . the goblin hunter advance . blix spread a heavy net wide . the black shadow on the net fall across lili and the unicorn like a evil spider web . 61 interior gump cave day screwball 's teapot steam merrily . he sit stop a jewel cask enjoy a cup . a horn Viking helmet several size too large cover he head down to the bridge of he nose . gump work at he desk , mark out distance on a ancient chart with a pair of golden divider . dozen of parchment mp be spread in front of he . gump ( mutter ) : forty league from the Dragon 's track .... another half - span past the basilisk de . gump lift he elbow and the curl parchment roll together . gump ( cont ) ( annoyed ) : wirrikows and doppleganger ! screwball : Spot of tea , gump ....? help calm you nerve ... gump : not now ! I be busy with navigation . on the other side of the cave , Jack practice a variety of thrust and pass with he sword in front of the polished shield . luna buzze around he like a miniature meteorite . jack : that 's not so bad .... what do you think , luna ? Jack study he reflection in the shield . there be a burst of light behind he . luna materialise as a child - size woman with gossamer wing . she wrap she slender arm around he neck . luna : I think you look like a hero . jack : what ! h would you do that ? Jack spin around , but luna be go . only the tiny dot of light hover in the air . jack ( cont ) ( puzzle ) : Magic .... Jack look back at the shield and there be a full - size luna hugging he reflection . luna : nobody know nut you . it 's we secret .... ( kissing he cheek ) promise ? jack ( squirming ) : do not do that . luna ( another kiss ) : better promise .... jack : all right , all right .... I promise . a loud , musical chieme interrupt gump 's work . he look around for he timepiece but it be nowhere in sight . gump : hmmmm ...? screwball ! screwball ( all innocence ) : something I can do for you , gump ? gump : Hand it over ....! sheepishly , screwball pull gump 's timepeice from inside he tunic and give it back . screwball : well , well , well .... how would that get in there ? must be some kinda magic ... gump : sneak thief 's magic ! ( study timepiece ) Jack ! it 's time we be on we way ! at the SOUND of gump 's voice , luna transform instantly back to a dot of light . jack : I be ready as I will ever be .... Jack pick up the shield and start after gump and screwball . luna fly overhead . 62 interior mouth of cave day Brown Tom lie flat on he back as Jack and the faery emerge from the tunnel . gump rush to he fall friend , lift he in he arm . gump : Brown Tom ....? you can not be dead ....! oh , this be be terrible .... terrible ! Brown Tom open he eye and look feebly about . brown tom ( in a daze ) : why , wisp .... they kill you , too ? gump : course they do not ! what in blaze be you talk about ? Brown Tom roll he eye up at the arrow pierce he hat . brown tom : goblin shot I through the brain pan . gump yank off Brown Tom 's hat . bit of break wine bottle tumble out . gump reagrd he friend with scorn . gump : you brain be one spot a arrow would do no harm ! jack : where 's the unicorn ? sheepishly , Brown Tom pull the arrow from he hat . brown tom : I be afeer the goblin take she . do I best to fight they off , but they swarm up by the hundred .... horrid creature they be . the princess warn I , but .... jack : princess lili ? brown tom : aye . jack ( overjoy ) : she 's alive ! brown tom : she be live still when they kill I . gump : you will earn you champion 's spur this day , Jack .... we will follow they track in the snow . foul weather 's on we side for a change . 62a exterior forest day Jack and the faery march through the wood hold lantern , into the tooth of a drive blizzard . 63 interior great hall day blix and pox kneel nervously before the throne of darkness . a huge fire blaze in the hearth . pox : hail m- most great , and d-d-darkest of the dark ! blix : though we be nothing in you sight , we bow before you strength and might ! we hear darkness speak , but see only he bat-winged shadow spread like a inky cloak across the two kneel goblin . darkness ( os ) : can you fawn sycophant do more than grovel ? what of the task I set you ? pox : d-d-done , Lord . we have the m-m-m-m-m-m .... the unicorn . darkness ( os ) : where be she ? blix : in the dungeon like a treasure , await you darkest pleasure . darkness ( os ) : very good .... you two be not entirely devoid of talent . pox : there 's m-m-more , sire .... blix : though unworthy of you magnificence , trifles without consequence , we present with all due deference .... a gift . darkness ( os ) : gift ....? what sort of gift ? blix : this thing you once call innocence . darkness ( os ) : innocence ...? I must behold this wonder .... darkness stare into the fire . as darkness grimp the arm of he throne , he finger start to melt , drip to the dank stone floor . 64 interior dungeon day darkness bleed through the groin vault ceiling , spead like a stain across the curving stone . below , the unicorn be lock in a steel halter , a woven steel cable bind she to a iron windlass . the princess pace the dark and drip cell . her dress be in tatter , she hair tangle . there be something wild and free about she now , and yet she have never appear more allure . the melting shadow of darkness drip from the ceiling , form a small demonic shape as it fall . we hear the beat of darkness ' heart in time with each evil drip . the sound grow louder and louder until the echo reverberate within the vault chamber . lili be terrify . she look frantically around as the pulsing rhytm continue . the princess see nothing and hug the unicorn 's neck for comfort . 64a interior great hall day darkness contemplate the raging flame , he heartbeat thundering . 65 exterior hill above great tree bog day Jack and the faery stare out at the tree-crowned ruin and surround bog . 65a exterior bog day Jack and the faery wade forward through the drift curtain of mist . jack : legend say the Dark Castle stand in olden day when evil anarchy rule the land .... the wick still come here to sacrafice . gump : they worship the demon .... screwball : it 's ugly ! I hate it ! gump : good ! you shall go first .... 65b interior great hall day close on : darkness . for the briefest instant , we see the smoulder eye of the demon glowing in anitcipation out of the shadow . 65c exterior bog day although Jack be in no trouble , the water be rapidly grow too deep for the faery . gump urge screwball forward : gump : go on ! hurry up ! screwball : all the time I . same old story . screwball clib up onto a float lily pad . a undulate v-shape wake move through the water alongside as they step from lily pad to lily padf and clamber onto a long , twist root . without warning , a emaciate green arm shoor out of the water and grab screwball . he be go under the surface with a scream . brown tom : screwball ! jack : what be that ? gump : Big trouble ! Jack grip the hilt of he sword and rush to the spot where screwball disappear . jack : we have get to do something . before Jack can finish , meg mucklebone rise out of the bog behind he . she toss screwball aside and haul Jack into she cadaverous embrace . meg : foul taste faerie .....! come to I , juicy boy ! Jack yelp in horror . meg ( cont ) : who be this tender morsel disturbing meg mucklebone ' rest ? jack ( terrify ) : they call I Green Jack mar 'am . the faery watch in dismay . brown tom : we champion 's a goner , he be . the fearsome hag pinch Jack with she wick talon . meg : what a fine fat boy you be .... jack : you do not mean to eat I , do you mar 'am ? meg : oh , indeed I do .... jack : that would be a shame , miss meg . you be so lovely . you deserve far better than scrawny little I .... the flattery give hairy meg a pause ; she simply can not resist it . meg : hmmmm .... think I fair , do you , Jack ? jack : all the heavenly angel must envy you beauty . meg : ooooo .... what a find meal you will make , be the rest of you as sweet as you tongue . jack : let I go and I will sing song of praise to you . meg : let you go ? do not be daft . I have have naught but muskrat and snake all this month .... bit of rancid goblin , too .... jack : but ....but .... do not you like my word ? meg : word be little help in fill a empty stomach .... jack : then fill you soul with loveliness . look into you glass and feast on beauty . meg : there 's no look - glass here .... sometimes , when the moon be full , I will chance to see my reflection in the bog . Jack glance at the shield hang over he shoulder . jack : my shield would serve you well . meg mucklebone take Jack 's shield , partially release he from she clammy clutches . meg : what a splendid idea ! you be so clever , Jack . hanging onto Jack with one hand , hairy meg bend over the shield . jack : you radiance be the alchemy that make rusted steel shine like silver . meg primp and preens : a obscene parody of a pretty maiden at she vanity table . meg : oooo ! that 's nice ! I be the envy of any princess in the land . while meg be pre occupy with she grotesque reflection , gump catch the Jack 's eye . the cun elf silently mouth the word : ' sword ' , point to he waist at the same time . jack : better , you be a queen without a peer .... a reign angel . Jack nod to gump and silently draw he sword . meg do not notice thing . meg : you have such discern taste for so young a boy .... meg turn to face he with a fearful pucker of she tatter lip . meg ( cont ) : come , Jack .... give we a kiss before dining . Jack petrify with fear . gump ( shouting ) : give she the kiss of cold steel , Jack ! Jack swing blindly with he eye close . it be a lucky stroke , meg mucklebone ' head fly from she shoulder . jack ( astonished ) : I do it ! the decapitate hag sink back beneath the scummy surface . gump : like a chmapion , Jack . brown tom : bravo ! jack : how 's screwball ? screwball : chew , but not disgest .... Jack point he sword at the hollow tree . jack : then on to victory ! faeries ( all together ) : on to victory ! 65d interior great hall day a huge fire blaze in the gape hearth . darkness stand before it , almost a shadow in he midnight cloak . darkness : I have be a exile for too long .... banish by the sun .... force to hide in the bowel of the earth .... on the eve of my great victory , this .... child of nature appear .... it have be a eternity since I feel such desire .... I could know she in a instant . she be helpless .... and yet .... ( anguish ) what be wrong with I , Father ? a voice in the FIRE answer darkness ; majestic and sepulrchral ; the flame billow out as it speak : voice : you hold the world in you grasp .... Supreme power belong to you ... yet you triumph be meaningless ! darkness : meaningless ? voice : what do you gain from it ? what pleasure come from ruling a pack of imp and goblin ....? soul already black .... this innocent creature fascinate you because only she can appreciate the enormity of you achievement . darkness : I will take she then ! voice : a hollow victory ! she remember the world as it be , when she love you new order you will triumph ! woo she .... win she .... break she spirit .... darkness : thank you , Father .... you wisdom be ever my guide . voice : remember .... she must desire you .... nothing else matter ! 65e exterior great tree day Jack and the faery step ashore on the island . gump make a mystical sign with he hand . jack : what 's that ? gump : for we protection , Jack . you must be ready .... remember , darkness be a liar .... a treacherous fiend ! do not listen to he . never believe what you see ..... jack : he will not fool I . gump : do not be so sure ! no human have ever set foot in this place before ! 66 interior great tree day Jack and the faery stare up at the massive horn embed in the inner tree . screwball start to climb towards it . screwball : what a nice big trumpet ....! Bet it sound louder than anything .... gump haul he back down by the seat of he pants . gump : do not touch it ! we life be lose if it blow ! Jack find a open hide between the root of the inner tree . jack : in here ! I have find a passage ! Jack drop inside . 66a interior great hall day the moment Jack enter the inner tree , a deep tremor reverberate through the subterranean Castle of darkness . draped in shadow before the fire , the Dark Lord look up at this disturbance . darkness ( to the fire ) : I feel a presence ....! some power invade my sanctity .... voice ( from the flame ) : every wolf suffer fleas .... 'tis easy enough to scratch ! the flame surge out towards darkness , embrace he . 67 interior tiny antechamber day like the catacomb of Paris , the wall be decorate with bone and human skull . at each corner of the open ceiling be a carve demonic head . Jack and the faery stand look up . gump ( gloomily ) : the decor of death .... brown tom : tell you somthing ' bout he what life here . screwball : it 's a dead end .... Jack search along the ossuary wall . jack : do not make sense .... check the wall . there must be some sort of secret key .... screwball do not join the other faery in the search . he be attract by several round stone ball lie in the rubble . pick up three with a happy grin , he begin to juggle . screwball : one-two-three .... fidde - dee-dee .... gump see what screwball be do and fly into a rage . gump : screwball ! Drop that this minute ! screwball toss the ball carelessly over he shoulder . one land in the stone cornice near the ceiling and roll along , gather momentum as it pass through the open mouth of each gargoyle . the ball disappear into the mouth of the final gargoyle . it be swallow with a emphatic gulp . all at once , the roof slide shut above . brown tom ( alarmed ) : newt -finger marmalade ! the floor pull suddenly open and they all plummet scream into empty space . luna circle , a dot of light above tthe bottomless pit . luna ( wee voice ) : oh , dear .... oh , dear ... the tiny faerie whirl in a blur of indecision before streaking down into the dark open after she fall friend . 68 interior cave chute day like prisoner on a fairground helter - skelter , Jack and the faery spin down a seemingly endless curvinbg chute . gump ( sing ) : when times're hard and thing look bad , do not feel blue and do not feel sad .... jack : how can you sing at a time like this ? gump : can you think of anything better to do ? they hurtle through festoon cobweb , stir up smokey cloud of ancient dust . 69 interior cage and alcove day the end of the chute open into a iron cage . Jack and the faery tumble through onto a pile of straw . luna be right behind , bright as a firefly . brown tom : ouch ! ow ! screwball : where be we ? gump stare woefully at the iron bar . gump : some place we do not want to be ! a scuffling noise in the far side of the cage attract they attention . blunder pop up from a pile of straw , still wear he helmet . blunder : shhhh ! what be this ? a chatterbox convention ? screwball : who be you , bucket-head ? gump : stay clear of that imp ! he 's a hell hound goblin ! blunder : what I be will not help I none , nor you neither .... blunder pull off he helmet . he be screwball 's indenical twin ! blunder ( cont ) : .... even if you be my brother ! screwball can not believe he eye . screwball ( astonished ) blunder ...! blunder : screwball ....! they rush into each other 's arm . gump ( to Jack ) : a buttercup family reunion ....! I can not believe it .... last I remember , he sell screwball a jug of dragon 's tear that turn out to be cow piss ! screwball : what happen to you ? blunder ( flex he bird claw ) : it 's a long story .... let 's just say I go look for adventure and find more and I could handle .... do not matter now anyway ... we be all of we in the same fix .... jack : just what sort of fix be that ? blunder : the kitchen of the Lord of darkness ! all of we be on he menu ! screwball : I know it ! I know it ! should of stay at home .... blunder : that 's right , brother , I and you be barbeque ! brown tom : wish I have a drink .... jack : only dead meat wait for the stewpot ! spring the lock , gump ! gump examine the huge padlock with a frown . gump ( wearily ) : Iron be sore trouble for elve . screwball : Magic 's no good against it . Jack slump down in the corner to think thing over . the faery mill about by the opposite wall . Jack stare at the bar . luna orbit he head . jack : I know I promise .... but it 's the only way .... luna buzze he furiously . jack ( cont ) : sure it 's a secret ... it will keep forever when we be all dead .... Jack glance guiltily at the whirling dot of light . jack ( cont ) ( to gump ) : why not have luna fly out between the bar and find a key ? gump ( shaking he head ) : she 's much too small .... could never lift it ... jack ( blurt it out ) : not if she change size like she can ! gump : what ? there be a bright flash of faerie-light and luna stand full - size before they , she gossamer wing a-tremble . gump ( cont ) ( outrage ) : you wilful sprite ! how dare you keep such secret ? luna : they be mine to keep ! but I will do what you ask .... if you kiss I , Jack . jack : that 's easy enough . Jack kiss she chastely on the cheek . luna : call that a kiss ? be I not sweet ? jack ( eager to please ) : sweeter than bee pollen on a summer wind . luna move in close to Jack . luna : sweet be the wind thats blow I to you .... Jack gently push she away . jack : it 's not possible . I be in love .... luna : a faerie 's love make anything possible .... a soft cocoom of faerie light engulf luna . she metamorphoses within it , emerge as princess lili . luna / lili : .... even you heart 's desire . luna / lili embrace Jack . it be sweet and tempting . jack ( resisting ) : no .... this be not real .... screwball and blunder giggle and snigger . luna / lili : oh , but it be .... I be warm and alive and happy to be in you arm . Jack be nearly enchant , but after a delicious moment , he push away . jack : I can not do it ....! this be faerie glamour ! a brilliant aura of faerie light envelop luna / lili and she transform into she true winge - form . luna ( bitterly ) : you ....! you .... mortal ! I could vex you ! dance you life away ! jack : threat can not make you love you . human heart do not work that way . luna : what care I for human heart ? Soft and spiritless as porridge ! a faerie 's heart beat fierce and free . there be a furious pytotechnic whirlwind and , in a instant , luna return to a tiny dot of light . jack : luna ....? without a answer , luna fly out between the iron bar . jack ( cont ) ( to the faery ) : I .... do not mean to hurt she . gump ( scornful ) : you fine senseibility have leave we here to rot . the SOUND of heavy footstep approach , accompany by rough , tuneless singing . cook ( os ) : .... this li'l piggie go to market .... anudder li'l pigge get eat .... pig-meat pie , l'ly piggie die .... blunder : oh , no ! he 's come ...! hide ! hide ! hide ! blunder conceal himself under a pile of straw . a deform shadow be cast across the cage . screwball : blunder 's get the right idea ! screwball hide in the straw . Jack and the other immediately do the same . a fiendish demon cook open the cage door . he be ten foot tall and unspeakably ugly . he peer blindly inside , sniff the air with he hideous nose . cook : .... pig-pig-pig ... . the cook grope inside the cage . the cook reach deep into the straw pile in the corner and grab blunder . blunder : help ....! lemme go ...? turn I loose , you tub o' gut ! the cook haul blunder out , kick and scream . he lock the cage abd stump away . blunder ( cont ) : I hope I give you heart- burn ! after a bit , the faery and Jack peer up out of the straw . screwball ( woefully ) : fricasseed faery , the lot of we .... brown ton : lamb to the slaughter .... Jack draw he sword . jack : not without a fight ! transform back to full - size , luna tip -toe into the alcove outside the cage , she hand coyly behind she . gump : luna ....! luna ( maliciously ) : you look like mourner at you own funeral . gump ( angry ) : come back to dance on we grave ! luna : I would gladly frolic on Jack 's .... she laugh and hold up a large iron key . luna ( cont ) : .... but this cage sha not be you tomb ! luna toss the key in to gump . instantly , she reduce to a tiny dot of light and fly out of the alcove . gump : well do ! gump unlock the bar door and they all clamber out . screwball step on Brown Tom 's head in he eagerness . screwball : lemme outta this stink hole ! brown tom : mind you bleed foot ! gump : shhhh ! Jack be the last of all . jack : keep behind I in case there 's trouble . sword in hand , Jack ;ead the faery out of the alcove into the kitchen . 70 interior kitchen day huge oven belch fire and smoke . the vast hearth blaze . like the lower reach of Hell , the Dark Lord 's kitchen be a place where all hope be abandon . Jack and the faery creep through the brimstone haze . brown tom : terrible sight for a sober man to see .... jack : quiet ! the demon cook block the way , chopping meat with a montrous cleaver , a second cook , every bit as terrifying , snore by the hearth . trussed to a spit , blunder hang upside - down nearby . Jack motion the faery on . the blind cook turn they , sniff the air . cook : whut be there ? Jack and the faery duck behind a huge bellow . screwball : .... back in the fry pan ! gump clamp he hand over screwball 's mouth . grasp he cleaver , the cook advance towards they . cook ( sniff ) : be it live victual ? from where he hang , blunder see the faery ' plight . blunder ( call out ) : hey ....! lard belly ! the cook turn , angere by this insult . cook : whut say , pip-squeak ? blunder : two thing down here look just alike ! cook : wuzzat ? blunder : you face and my ass ! the cook growls with fury . cook : bash in you face ! de it no be so pretty ! the cook backhand poor blunder , smack he about like a punch bag . Jack and the faery make a break for the exit . blunder manage to work one arm free from he bond . cook ( cont ) : whut you get to say now , pork pie ? blunder rear back and punch the cook in the jaw . stun , he topple over over backwards a great crash . 70a interior great hall day the reverberation tremble through the immense underground castle . darkness listen by the fire . darkness : do you feel it , Father ....? a force .... loose in my domain .... voice ( out of fire ) : Guard well what be yours ! darkness ( roaring ) : bring innocence to I ! 71 interior kitchen corridor day the faerie band gather in the foul , drip corridor . irregular torchlight cast a lurid glow across the break stone . brown tom ( gasp for breath ) : ..... save .... by a goblin .... never think .... I would see .... the day .... jack : wish we could repay the favour ! screwball : my brother can take of himself . gump : screwball 's right ! it 's more important we find the unicorn . jack : and lili! brown tom : where do we start ? gump : we must find the dungeon . legend have be they house such sirriw that death be a gift .... albeit one rarely grant . screwball sit down defiantly . screwball : think I will stay right here thank you very much . gump grab hold of screwball 's ear and haul he back up . gump : not so fast ! you search with the rest of we ! screwball hug Jack 's leg . screwball : all right ! I be go with Jack ! gump : no you will not . be faster if we split up . screwball look both way , decide which seem safest . screwball : Fine ! I be go this way ! brown tom : I be go that way ! they both turn and collide , fall flat on they rump . jack : wait ....! better to search in team , gump and I together . Brown tom , you and screwball look in the other direction . gump haul out he ornate timepeice . gump : right ! let 's synchronise ! we meet back here in twice five hundred beat of a bluebird 's heart . Brown Tom take a similar timepeice from under he tunic and study its intricate interior . brown tom : best to allow another couple dozen butterfly breath in case we get thirs ....er , get lose .... gump : no grog shop down here , Brown Tom . jack : let 's hurry ! Jack and gump run off along the corridor , follow by luna 's glow light . screwball watch without move . screwball : know what I want to know ? brown tom : what ? screwball : why I ? Brown Tom give screwball a swift kick in he rear . brown tom : why not ? the two little elve scamaper off together . screwball : I hate it .... I hate it .... I hate it .... 72 interior dungeon day the iron-studded dungeon day swing magically open as lili watch , she eye aglow with animal fire . she crouch beside the unicorn , rest on she haunch in a easy feline fashion . lili rise like a sleepwalker , unable to resist the compulsion luring she toward the open doorway . the chain unicorn whinnie pitifully . princess lili look back without expression as she leave . 73 deleted 74 deleted 75 interior another corridor day luna 's bob light lead the way as Jack and gump hurry along the rubble - choke corridor . alert by the SOUND of something , they dart into the shadow . gump : Quick , Jack ! Jack and gump watch in horror as a crack egg the size of a watermelon run down the corridor on armor-scale chicken leg , lead on either side by a demon hold a chain leash . Jack draw he sword . the demon stop and the Egg begin to crack . jack : I will scramble that one ! gump restrain he . the Egg crack apart . gump : do not trust you eye ! all be enchant here . the Egg break into piece and a drip winge monster emerge ; a diabolic cross between a bat and a pterodactyl . it emit a fearsome shriek and fly off down the corridor follow by the twin attendant demon . Jack and gump hurry on in the opposite direction . 75a interior dungeon corridor day screwball and Brown Tom creep timorously forward . they be alert by the sound of something approach . a hideously deform shadow fall across the opposite wall . the two faery clutch each other in terror and duck into the shadow . it be princess lili ! she pass the evle ' hide place as if in a trance . 76 interior viaduct day Jack and gump emerge on a narrow span arching across the vast central of the undreground castle . similiar viaduct , above and below , bridge the awesome chasm . the Green man and the faerie gawk at the sheer magnitude of it all . jack : not even king live like this .... on a high span above , Jack see princess lili drift by like a somnabulist . jack ( cont ) : my God ! gump , look ! it 's lili ! gump : do not believe it , Jack . jack ( yell ) : lili ! the SOUND echoes through the vast space . 77 interior lili' viaduct day the princess pause . a section of parapet have break off and she wander to the edge , stare down into the void . for a precarious moment , she teeter on the brink , seemingly about to fall . jack ( os ) ( call ) : li-li ! the princess do not respond , wobble like a dreamer on the narrow edge of disaster . she lean against the ruin parapet and a bug chunk of masonry break away , tumble and bounce into the abyss . jack ( cont ) ( os ) ( call ) : it 's ja-ack ! lili 's face be blank . she turn and continue blindly on she way . 78 interior viaduct day Jack stare up at lili 's retreate form . jack : it 's she . I know it . gump : do not be so hasty ! remember who we be deal with . jack : I have get to reach she ! Jack race off . gump run along behind . 78a interior great hall day the shadowy figure of darkness loom over a band of deform pygmies with needle - sharp tooth and wickedly curve talon long as pitchfork tine . darkness : my enemy approach .... destory they ! darkness point a evil finger and the pygmy scurry cackling off . 79 deleted 80 interior lili' viaduct day Jack and gump hurry out onto the arching span . the princess be nowhere in sight . gump ( run after ) : slow down ....! use some caution ! jack : this way ! Jack run on into the corridor in the direction take by lili . gump follow after . 81 interior rain corridor day lili wander down a long colonnade with dangle vine- like root . a glisten magic rain fall from the granite ceiling . her blank eye stare straight ahead . Jack and gump appear at the opposite end of the passage in time to see the princess drift out of sight . jack : there she be ....! lili ....! Jack and gump run to catch up , push through root tendril agleam with rain . suddenly , they be attack by scream pygmy . gump : Jack ! jack ( draw he sword ) : demon ! the nimble pygmy leap about they , lethal talon slashing through the drizzle . Jack and gump retreat , back between clingling rootlet . gump : Quick ! in here ! gump yank open a heavy oaken door in the side wall and they duck inside , slamm it shut in the tooth of the attack pygmy . 81a interior sealed corridor day Jack strain against the door handle , struggle to keep the portal shut tight . there be less space than in a closet . the corridor behind they be completely brick over . gump : trapped ....! close on door : with great force , the pygmy ' claw stab through the thick wood like stiletty . they needle tip be mere inch from Jack and gump . the door 's inner surface be studd with talon . Jack suddenly slam the door open with such force it swing into the side wall with a loud crash . the pygmy ' frenzied scream end in abrupt silence . Jack and gump peer cautiously out . 81b interior rain corridor day the pymy hang unconscious on the other side of the door , dangle from they imbed talon . jack : come on ! Jack and gump run into the rain . 82 interior corridor outside great hall day Jack and gump hurry around the corner just as lili head towards a pair of massive door swinging slowly open at she approach . jack ( call ) : lili ! wait ! gump grab Jack 's arm and yank he to a stop . gump : do not be daft ! she 's under a spell ! lili enter and the door swing close behind she . 83 interior great hall day a enormous chamber drape with black cloth surround by tall baroque column . wing demon writhe in the shadow above . a long black table reach down the centre of the room . all be light by firelight . the gape hearth , with its entablature of monumental sculpture , be flanke by a pair of massive ebony throne , carve in a hideous , twist mass of tendon , sinew and musele . when the impose door swing close , lili 's spell be break . she stare in terror at she news surroundings . something weird and mysterious approach from out of the drape shadow . it be a magnificent high - collare black gown , waltzing like a ghost across the black marble floor . there be no one wear the garment ! fascinate , lili watch the dress circle towards she . she find it irresistable . take hold of the gown 's empty sleeve she begin to dance , spin round and round to the impulsive music . 84 interior corridor outside great hall day Jack pace back and forth in front of the seal door . jack : why do you stop I ? gump : we best reconnoitre . what if it 's a trap ? gump and Jack strain to see through the crack between the door . 85 interior great hall day lili dance by herself , turn slow dreamy circle before the blaze fire . she be now wearing the splendid black gown ! reflected firelight glitter in the shadow . a open jewel box spill its sparkling treasure onto a ornate table . lili be lure like a moth to the flame . she step up onto a oversize footstool by the table . the ebony casket brim with gemstone . lili 's eye dazzle . a carve ebony figure of a skeleton turn slowly out of the centre , hold in its up lift arm the most exquisite black diamond necklace the mind can imagine . the princess suck in she breath . the temptation be too great . she impulsively take the necklace and hop down from the stool . the high collar of she gown make fasten the clasp difficult and without think , she back towards the wall , fumble behind she neck . she lean against a sculpt marble frieze of soul in torment , concentrate on the tricky clasp . all at once , a piece of sculpture become animate . powerful arm reach out to fasten the necklace . for a moment lili do not notice , grateful for the help . then , she realise what be happen and scream . the musular black arm reach for she as she pull away in terror . lili turn to run , but be stop short by she reflection in a tall cheval glass mirror . she look furtively about , make certain she be unobserve . alone , she admire she perfect image . close on mirror : beneath lili 's pleased expression we see the evil face of darkness appear like a man emerge from under water . darkness penetrate the surface of the mirror . lili back away , gasping soundlessly with terror . darkness step forth through the glass into the room , clad in black finery . lili stagger . darkness reach to embrace she and the princess shriek at the top of she lung . the moment he touch she shoulder , she slump tothe floor , unconscious . darkness stand over the fall girl , he heartbeat pulsing like muffle thunder . something almost like a smile crease he hideous feature as he roll a lock of lili 's hair between he claw finger . the princess blink and open she eye . she be horrify to find darkness kneel over she and frantically try to get away . darkness : do not be afraid , lady .... lili gasp like a strand fish . she be catatonic with fear . darkness ( cont ) : I mean you no harm . darkness offer the princess he hand . darkness ( cont ) : how like you my gift ...? do the gown not please you ? come .... tell I .... lili 's terror render she speechless . darkness ( cont ) : the colour be most suitable ... we sanctify the death of the old world and the birth of a new order .... you be the guest of honour . lili weep and tug at the black dress . lili : ....of dishonour ...! take this away .... please ! I beg you ! darkness advance on lili . the slow kettldrum throb of he heart underscore he word . darkness : you soul in like some dark nectar .... I can not rest unril I taste its sweetness . lili ( frantic ) : never ! I hate you ! I hate this dress ! darkness : can you speak so of you bridal gown ....? lili ( scream ) : nooooooooo ! 86 interior corridor outside great hall day Jack and gump listen by the close door to lili 's peirce scream ( os ) . Jack be desparate and half - draw he sword from the scabbard . jack : what have he do to she ? gump restrain the boy . gump : you have no power to stop it .... be thankful she life . Jack shove he sword back in disgust . jack ( bitterly ) : some champion .... what good be this fancy sword ? gump : it 's not the sword that count , but the man who swing it .... 87 interior great hall day lili slump to the cold stone floor , weeping . darkness bend solicitously over she . darkness : why the tear ? lili ( sobbing ) : .... everything be lose .... poor Jack .... darkness : why weep for he ? he leave you alone to die ! lili : no ! he would never do that ! he be kill .... like everything else .... darkness ( glance over he shoulder ) : yes .... but why mourn ? you have a new and grander destiny ! lili : consort of some cowardly vile toad who slink through the night ! darkness : not so ! I requite to shadow 's solace and dark of the night .... Sunshine be my destroyer ! lili ( scornful ) : you think you be so powerful .... and hide in the ground like a mole ! darkness ( smile ) : this too will change . the last unicorn die tonight ....! as she blood ebb , the sun set forever . there shall never be another dawn ! lili ( horrify ) : no ....! you can not .... you must not .... darkness throw back he evil head and laugh . 88 interior corridor outside great hall day the demonic laughter of darkness carry through the massive door . jack : he mean to kill the mare , gump ! gump : do not mourn the corpse ' till the coffin' in the ground . darkness ( os ) : my dominion shall encompass the enternal night ! gump : as long as the sun still shine , so do hope ! jack ( bitterly : Sun do not shine down here . Jack finger lili 's silver medallion hang around he neck and from out of the blue , inspiration strike . jack ( cont ) ( grin ) : wait a minute ....! I think I know a way . 89 interior great hall day lili stare at darkness with terror and loathing . darkness : the world shall be at last as nature intend .... a place of chaos and anarchy ! lili : you be mad ! darkness : aye , Lady , and proud to be so ! for in madness lie the soul of all that 's noble .... can you fathom the loneliness of untold eon live in darkness ? my spirit be forge in that black fire .... lili : you live alone because you be loathsome ! the contagion of you wick heart demand isolation . darkness : nay , mistress . I have find my mate and you know it . we be just alike , you and i. beneath the skin we be already one . lili : never ! darkness : ' twas you sin trap the unicorn . even now , the evil seed of what you have do bloom within you ! lili ( shriek ) : you lie ! you be repulsive ! darkness ( stung by she word ) : no more so than you ! can not you sense it ? that be why I desire you . I need someone to share the dark secret of my soul . lili : you ....? you disgust I ! you be nothing but a beast ! darkness : everyone be a beast .... only most be afraid to see it ! darkness compel lili over to the mirror with the force of he will . 90 lili be Pov : mirror lili see she reflection in the glass . the lovely feminine feature alter into that of a cat- like beast . darkness ( os ) : this mirror show how we really be .... behold you true reflection . 91 interior great hall day lili pull free from he grap and turn from the glass . her face remain lovely and unchange . lili ( frantic ) : no ! you be work magic on I ! I will not believe it ! darkness : my Lady misjudge I ... I be no common trickster .... look at you hand ! lili 's finger transform before she eye : hook claw spring from they tip , coarse black hair push the skin . darkness ( cont ) ( laugh ) : my mirror never lie . lili 's lovely face undergoe the same tranmutation she witness in the mirror . she feel fur-cover sheek and point ear . this time , she scream be hysterical . darkness place a protective arm around lili . darkness ( cont ) : glory in you animal nature . it be you triumph ! lili : I be hideous ! darkness : no ! the pule , pallid creature you be be truly something disgusting . now you be magificent .... a fierce goddess ! lili jerk away , hissing and show she claw . lili : damn you ! darkness : we be both of we damned , my Queen . darkness bow with mock formality , altering into he own shadow , which slide through a crack in the pave stone . lili can not resist she reflection . horrify anew . she fall to the floor , weeping . 91a exterior sky day round and red , the great disc of the set sun slide towards the distant horizon . 92 interior corridor outside great hall day craze by anxiety , Jack find the keyhole and cup he hand around it . jack ( call out ) : lili ....? can you hear I ....? 93 interior great hall day lili huddle weeping on the cold stone . jack ( os ) : .... lili ....? at the sound of Jack 's voice , the princess look up with a start . lili : .... Jack ? jack ( os ) : over here .... by the door .... lili turn eagerly turn to the door . lili : oh , Jack .... dear Jack ! can it really be you ? I be afraid you be dead . 93a interior corridor outside great hall day jack : thank God you be all right ! I do not know what to do .... I never want to lose you again .... 93b interior great hall day lili pause before the keyhole , out of Jack 's line of sight . lili : Jack , my love .... my precious love ! I pray it 's you and not more wick magic . 93c corridor outside great hall day jack : it 's I , you can be sure of that .... and there 's magic on we side , too . 93d interior great hall day lili : it 's all my fault .... the unicorn .... everything .... jack ( os ) : my fault as much as yours .... do not worry . we be here to save you . lili ( sadly ) : I be far past save , sweet Jack .... a huge tear well in lili 's eye and fly out toward the keyhole , defy gravity . 94 interior corridor outside great hall day lili 's tear fly through the keyhole and strike Jack 's face like a horizontal raindrop . he touch the spot curiously . gump ( amaze ) : how do you do that ? jack ( to gump ) : I do not do anything .... ( into keyhole ) let I see you face . it will give I hope .... Jack strain to see through the keyhole . 95 interior great hall day lili stare at the keyhole in horror . jack ( os ) : .... just to glimpse you smile .... lili ( grief -stricken ) : no .... I can not .... forget I , Jack .... the princess reach out she animal 's paw and cover the keyhole . 96 interior corridor outside great hall day as the light in the open grow dark , Jack tenderly place he hand next to lile . jack : lili ....? I love you .... gump pull frantically on Jack 's arm . gump : come , Jack . we have no time to spare .... remember you plan ? sadly , Jack take he hand from the keyhole and follow gump back along the corridor . 97 interior great hall day princess lili lie sobbing . High above , the winge figure watch she . the music throbs , underscore a low , rhythmic chanting . like some ghastly chorus for , Hell , the live statuary sing in unison to lili : statuary ( sing ) : bride of night .... bride of night .... darkness be you heart 's delight ! hail to darkness ! hail the night ! his the power and the might ! master of Chaos , Lord of doom , sing he praise from the tomb ! lili lift she head , listen to the sepulchral singing . her eye burn like a tiger 's . she bare she fang , and from she throat issue a bone-chill howl . 98 interior dungeon corridor day screwball and Brown Tom stop short in they track when they hear the SOUND of a distant howl echoe in the shadow . screwball ( tremble ) : I vote we run like hell ! the two faery scamper off into darkness . 99 interior dungeon corridor day gump , Jack and a woman-sized luna wait outside the kitchen door as Brown Tom and screwball come run up . gump study he ornate timepiece . gump : where be you ? in another three flick of a badger 's tail it will be half - past . screwball : sorry .... time slip away when you be have so much fun . brown tom ( out of breath ) : we .... find the mare .... chain .... in the dungeon below . gump shove he timepiece back in he belt . gump : excellant .... who have a bit of parchment ? the two faery search in they clothing . screwball produce a plethora of trash : marble , string , old doll 's eye , coloured bird 's egg , ancient coin , etc . at last he find a crumble peice of sheepskin . screwball : here .... I be save it to write I will on . brown tom : where there 's a will there 's a .... gump : shush , both of you ....! Jack have a plan .... a good one .... gump squat on the floor , and , use a triangle and some charcoal , divide the parchment into mysterious line and angle . gump ( mumble ) : .... angle of refraction equal .... angle of incidence .... multiply by a factor of fourty ..... divide by the square root of a google - plex .... gump snap he finger triumphantly . gump ( cont ) : perfect ! it will work like a charm , Jack ! jack : let 's get start ! what we need to do be sneak back into the kitchen and gather all the plate and platter .... screwball : oh no ! not I ! see enough of that kitchen , I have ! brown tom : do not be so pig-head ! you can trust gump . screwball : I would sooner trust a rat in the ghetto ! brown tom : well .... trust Jack then . Jack ease open the kitchen door . jack : remember .... just the shiny one .... Jack lead the way back into the kitcheb . gump urge the other two to follow . gump : .... and be quiet ! Soft as thistledow , that 's the faerie way . 100 interior kitchen day Jack and the faery tiptoe cautiosuly into the kitchen . both demon cook be asleep , the encounter first be stretch out across he chopping block , snoring like a dragon with indisgestion . the unfortunate blunder turn slowly over the coal , hog-ty to a spit . a bright red apple be stuff in he mouth . Jack and gump rush to he side . gump pull the apple from blunder 's mouth . blunder ( frantic ) : get I outta here ! please ! while I be still medium rare ! gump : quiet ....! you be a free imp on one condition .... blunder ( very loud ) : condition ....! what condition ? loose I or I will make such .... gump shove the apple back into blunder 's mouth , stoppering he loud complaint . gump : any more noise and you be shish - ka-bob .... blunder nod eagerly . gump ( cont ) : you do what we tell you .... understand ? more eager nodd from blunder . gump ( cont ) : swear it ! gump pull the apple out of blunder 's mouth . blunder : I swear ! on the fester forelock of nicodemus ! Jack cut blunder 's bond and the little imp hop nibmly out of the fireplace . blunder : a thousand thanks .... Jack boost gump and screwball up onto the mantle where the polished plate be stack . jack : up we go ! luna transform into a dot of light and fly up to the cimnet piece , rematerialising there in she full size . jack ( cont ) : you turn , blunder . Jack lift blunder onto he should so he can climb to the first level of the three - tiere mantle . blunder join screwball , gump and luna as they rush about the mantlepiece , frantically gather shield - size plate . one by one , the faery toss the plate down to Jack , who stack they in Brown Tom 's arm . Brown Tom stagger through the kitchen carry a teeter tower of plate . he can not see where he be go and trip over the nozzle of the giant bellow . the plate fall with a deafen crash ! both ferocious blind cook be awaken by the noise . second cook : huh ....! wuzzat ? Jack and the faery freeze in place as the cook rise and pull he huge cleaver from the chopping block . cook ( sniff the air ) : meat ....! I smell fresh meat ! Jack draw he sword and step between the awesome cook and Brown Tom , sprawle helplessly on the floor . second cook : find meat ! jack : over here ! the blind cook lunge for Jack . he wield he deadly cleaver with amazing accuracy for one without sight . cook : chop it up ! Jack duck past the cook , smack he on the leg with the flat of he blade . the huge demon yelp in pain . the second cook pick up a skillet , wield it like a club . second cook : smash ....! I smash ! Jack be catch between the two demon cook . he can not face one without turn he back on the other . gump see Jack 's predicament and leap from the mantle onto the second cook 's head with a wild cry : gump : schweinhundt ! gump cling to the second cook like a terrier , confusing he and give Jack time to dart acrobatically out of the way . jack ( jabbing the cook ) : gotcha ! cook : cut you in half ! a mighty swing from the cook miss Jack , who execute a nimble back - flip . the cook cleave through a hang side of meat by mistake . the second cook grab hold of gump and shake he . second cook : sweet , sweet blood .... up on the mantle , screwball and blunder exchange a helpless look . gump be a goner unless they do something . they a simultaneous unspoken conclusion , and leap onto the second cook 's back . screwball ( call out ) : rooster toe ....! blunder ( call out ) : .... pig whisker ! face with this new twin threat , the second cook drop gump , who immediately bity he on the leg . second cook : whut .....! who now ? ouch ! Jack fight a rearguard action , stabbing at the savage cook as he retreat . jack : best you can do ? cook : you gonna be mince- meat ! Jack back onto a steep stone ramp against the far wall . jack : get to catch I first ! the cook 's cleaver clang against the ramp , miss Jack by inch . the second cook have he hand full . Brown Tom have join the fray and cling to he other leg while blunder and screwball claw and punch at he head . screwball &amp ; blunder : hit he ....! sock he ....! stagger under the full weight of the faerie onslaught , the second cook lurch in circle . second cook : kill ....! smash ....! furious , the second cook swing he heavy skillet at screwball and blunder . he miss they completely , hit himself square on the head and knock himself out . the faery leap off as the demon toppes backwards into the fireplace . gump : we must help Jack ! the faery race to the foot of the ramp . Jack parry the cook 's fearsome swing . the cook press he relentlessly . the clash of steel ring through the cavernous kitchen . the faery start up the ramp like a tiny cheer section . blunder : stick he a good one ! screwball : cut he down to size , Jack ! giant wine barrel be stack at tge top of the ramp . the cook back Jack against they . there be no further room for retreat . cook : gonna spill you gut , boy . the cook swing he cleaver from the hip . Jack nimbly spring out of harm 's way . the cleaver drive full force into one of the chock support the pyramid of wine barrel . grumbling , the cook yank he cleaver free . this pull the chock loose from under the bottom barrel . cook ( cont ) ( listen ) : wuzzat ....? the entire stack of barrel shift , roll towards the cook . cook ( cont ) : bad news ! the cook run for he life . the huge hogshead rumble forward in a wooden avalanche . Jack crouch at the top of the ramp . as the cook run past he stick the sword - blade between he leg and trip he up . the cook tumble , head over heel , down the ramp . half -way up , the faerie band see the giant barrel rolling towards they . screwball ( horrify ) : sodom and glockamora ! the faery turn and run . the barrel crash on top of the fall cook , knock he senseless as they continue roll . the faery dive for cover in the arched open of the kitchen doorway at the bottom of the ramp . the barrel crunch into the kitchen wall . because they be larger than the doorway , the faery crouching inside be spare . ocean of wine flood out in a dark tidal wave , force the door and wash the little people into the corridor beyond . 101 interior kitcheb corridor day Brown Tom be beside himself with delight . he scoops up wine with screwball 's helmet and pour it on top of he head .. brown tom : whoopeeeeeee ! Jack appear in the shattered doorway , sword in hand . jack : hate to break up the party , but there 's work to be do ! gump jump to he foot . gump : hurry ! get that plate ~ Jack sheathes he sword and rush into the kitchen . screwball and blunder follow , but Brown Tom linger behind , scoop the helmet full of wine . brown tom : just a wee taste .... gump kick Brown Tom smartly in the pants . gump : move ! or I make you head ring worse than any hangover ! gump chase Brown Tom back into the kitchen . 101a interior kitchen day the faery gather up the fall plate . Jack stare thoughtfully at the fireplace , where the body of the second cook have snuffed out the flame . gump : what 's on you mind , Jack ? jack : smoke rise .... that chimney must go clear to the top . gump peer into the hearth . gump : not much to hold onto . take a peapod pixie to make the climb . screwball step proudly forward . screwball : I will do it ! the faery be astonished . screwball never volunteer . gump : what ? can I believe my ear ? screwball : do not see why not . ai not I small enough for the job ? blunder ( proudly ) : no job 's too small for the buttercup brother .... screwball ( on he knee : please , gump .... let I try . I know I be always trouble , but I want to make it up to you .... prove that I will not let you down . brown tom : be sure ya do not fall down ! gump : all right ! do it ! but be swift . screwball : thank you .... thank you .... you will never regret it .... Jack boost screwball up into the chimney . jack : I be proud of you , screwball . ( hand he a plate ) do not drop it .... gump ( call up ) : we will send luna with a signal when all be ready . 101b interior chimney day screwball cling to the smoke- blacken brick , stare up the nearly endless shaft at a small circle of light far above . brown tom ( os ) ( call from below ) : always know you would be go place , screwball .... good luck ....! screwball ( to himself ) : I be goin ' place , all right .... straight to the top and on outta this hell - hole .... no more kitchen .... no more demon .... just the easy life for screwball buttercup .... 101c interior kitchen day a shine gold plate be propper on the secnd cook smoulder in the fireplace . luna position another plate against the bellow , take care to get the angle right . gump stand between the bellow and the shattered kitchen door , measure the nagle with a curious hand -held instrument . gump : Little more to the leave , luna .... that 's better .. just a touch more .... perfect . 101d interior kitchen corridor day blunder and Brown Tom run off carry armload of plate . Jack lean a platter against the corridor wall , adjsute it precisely . jack ( call ) : how 's that , gump ? gump ( os ) : Dead centre ....! 102 interior great hall day lili 's tear have dry . she prowl the majestic hall with regal dignity . something magic occur at the baquet table : each crystal goblet fill mysteriously with black wine as she pass ; every empty bowl and platter suddenly be heape with a incredible thing to eat - all of it black ! the food be beautiful in spite on its colour . lili stare a it with undisguise hunger . some animal instinct warn she not to trust this gleam ebony feast , but she 's famish and snatch up a apple bright as ploish anthracite . darkness ( os ) : good....eat .... lili gasp , drop the apple . darkness sit in one of the twin grostesque throne flanking the hearth . darkness ( cont ) : the food be for you enjoyment . lili : I do not want it ! I be not hungry ! darkness : do you lie just to please I ? lili : I do nothing for you pleasure ! darkness gesture to the oppose throne . darkness : you be so like a child , milady . sit , and we will talk . lili make no move towards the chair . darkness ( cont ) ( gently ) : like a child , you expect anger and defiance will upset I .... this be the quality I admire most .... lili snarl , fang gleam in the firelight . lili : so .... I would love to rip out you throat , yet it would pain you more if I lick you hand .... darkness : all I desire be that you sit in that chair and talk with I . lili approach the grotesque throne . like some impossible organism , it pulse in anticipation . lili : sit ....? here ....? darkness : yes. please .... lili : I prefer to stand . for a moment , darkness nearly sucumb to anger . the vien in he forehead throb . his talon grip he throne in a spam of fury . darkness ( snarling ) : sit ....! darkness shrewdly realise rage will not work and he relax with a twisted smile . darkness : ( cont ) : ..... or stand . as you wish .... it 's enough that we be alone together .... just the two of we .... 102a close : matching fireplace opposite across the great Hall from the blaze hearth be a identical fireplace . this one be cold , but not empty . cover with soot and as black as a moor , screwball climb into view between the massive andiron . darkness ( cont ) ( os ) : all of time await we .... why not make a start . screwball put down he plate and tiptoe into the great Hall towards the banquet table . lili ( os ) : a start at what ....? 102b interior great hall day darkness lean forward in he throne , smile at lili . darkness : simple conversation .... lili : what do we possibly have to talk about ? darkness : thought ....dream .... ambition .... lili : I have no interest in you foul ambition . darkness : desire then .... surely we beast all have desire . 102c interior great hall ( matching fireplace opposite ) day unseen , screwball climb up onto the banquet table . he can not believe he good fortune . a bounteous feast surround he . lili ( os ) : you would never dream what I desire .... darkness ( os ) : do not be so sure .... dream be my speciality screwball stuff he tunic with black fruit . he rush about , tread on the feast in he craze delirium at be surround by such plenty . darkness ( cont ) ( os ) : it be through dream I influence mankind . I have dream of my own .... dream of enternity with you .... no more silence .... no more loneliness .... 102d interior great hall day lili laugh in the face of darkness . lili ( scornfully ) : such drivel ! you sound like some simper schoolboy ! darkness : I will wager there be a time when the attention of a devote schoolbvoy be entirely to you like . lili regards she claw with a savage sneer . lili ( snarling ) : I know what I would do with such meat now ! darkness : .... all thing change , lady . the pleasure of youth become the regret of maturity .... a loud crash on the banquet table cause darkness to look around . he sees screwball stand by the centrepiece , about to shove a whole chicken in he mouth . darkness ( cont ) ( angry ) : what be you do here ? blacken with soot , screwball easily pass for a goblin . screwball ( all innocence ) : ..... be I early ....? darkness : you impudent imp ! screwball : I think the invitation say half - past .... darkness ( roaring ) : get out ! screwball get the message . he drop the chicken and hop down off the banquet table , run to the opposite fireplace for all he 's worth . darkness ( cont ) ( gently to lili ) : sit .... I value you thought . why not share they with I ? lili look at the grotesque throne . lili : no more than that .... just sit ? darkness ( nodd ) : sit .... lili step up onto the oversize footstool . inch behind she , the monstrous throne swell and throbs like a organic creature , the powerful sinew rippling with desire . lili ( a feline smile ) : do not seem such a outrageous request .... the princess prepare to sit , she luscious , silk - swathed bottom only inch from the lavcivious surface of the squirming throne . darkness : you will never regret granting I this favour .... lili 's eye glitter as she tease he . lili : what shall we talk about ? darkness ( impatient ) : just sit ! the febric of lili 's gown brushes the writih throne . in another second she will be sit . unexpectedly , she stand up tall on the footstool . lili : such a disagreeable chair .... must be terribly uncomfortable . I think I will stand if you do not mind . darkness barely control he raging anger . darkness : I prefer you to sit ! lili : I would rather stand , thank you . darkness 's forehead swell with fury . darkness : sit ! lili : no .... not now .... darkness puff like a adder in he frenzy , rise up to tower over lili . darkness ( roaring ) : I command you to sit ! lili be utterly unafraid . she laugh at the swollen image of darkness . lili : do not be silly . lili hop down from the footstool . darkness ( scream with rage ) : sit , damn you ! lili sashays past he , twitching she gown in a unashamedly wanton fashion . her hearty laugh be as loud as the outrage roar of darkness . lili ( laugh ) : never .... never .... 103-110 deleted 110a interior dungeon chasm day Jack scale a plate like a golden discus across the chasm to Brown Tom wait on the viaduct above . Jack hurl another plate . suddenly , the wing monster , hatched from the walk Egg , glide shrieking from the shadow . it catch the plate in its see - toothe beak and dive at Jack . gump see it first . gump : Jack ....! drop the plate , the wing monster rip at Jack . the Green man draw he sword and defend himself . the fight be savage and brief . Jack hack the monster out of the air . it lie , flap and break at he foot . gump touch he sympathetically on the arm . jack : .... I be all right .... let 's get on ....to the dungeon .... gump ( pensive ) : you have power within I never imagine . 111 interior great hall day darkness stare at the princess in a tower rage . she flirtatiously pretend to be interested in a bit of fruit before rejecting it in favour of another , which also prove not to she like . darkness : I be not above my own little prank , milady .... should you have a taste for they . lili : no doubt they be as foul as the stuff you set on you table .... darkness relax , take he cue from lili 's mock tone . darkness : foul .... or fair , such distinction be entirely arbitrary , my dear .... do not the lowly toad think he mate fair , wart and all ....? lili : do you suggest I will think you fair some day ? darkness : in time .... and time we surely have ... stretch before we .... infinity .... like a merciful curtain close off the past .... darkness move gracefully to lili 's side and kneel before she . darkness ( cont ) : I beseech you ... do not reject my food as you do my food .... never have I abase myself so before another .... it be not humility that bring I low , mistress .... but love .... lili : Love ? darkness : aye , love .... you think my heart a barren desert where only hate can flower .... a much finer blossom show its petal now .... nourish by sorrow .... water with you tear ... ( bare he breast ) I offer you this rise , princess ! .... my heart .... my soul .... lili be astonished . she walk away to consider what darkness have say . darkness watch she slyly . his expression reveal he word to have be a ruse . he gloat in anticipation . lili turn back to face he . darkness immediately resume he look of adoration . lili : you dizzy I , lord .... I never think to hear the word ' love ' speak again .... darkness : you will hear it forever . ( shouting ) I love you ! lili : if such be true .... hope be yet alive ... ( regard she claw ) this talon can caress as well as kill .... they be interrupt by the SOUND of a chime . a unseen clock toll the hour . darkness stare up into the shadow . darkness : it grow late .... 111a exterior sky day the set sun blaze through distant drift cloud , tinting the sky in a riot of colour . another chime be hear . 111b interior great hall day the SOUND of the unicorn 's frighten whinny carry up from the dungeon below . darkness ( laugh ) : we wedding feast be in good voice .... think you not ? lili cunningly disguise she alarm . lili : I admire you thrift , my lord , both the meal and entertainment in a single dish . darkness appreciate this joke . darkness : be you anxious to see blood flow ? lili : as you be to drink it ! ( smile slyly ) will the groom grant he bride she wish on this night ? darkness ( beam with pleasure ) : you have but to ask my savage beauty . lili leer , bare she feline tooth . lili : I want to kill the unicorn ! darkness clap he hand with joy . darkness : Lady , you make I proud .... 111c interior chimney day screwball struggle up the endless chimney , past hideous gargoyle and ancient skeleton imbed in the blacken brick . the sound of conversation carry up from below . lili ( os ) : I will do it with joy ....! let the unicorn 's blood anoint we love ! screwball : crumpet and candlestick ....! she 's gonna kill it ! lili ( os ) : .... and in the eternity await we , I will happily sit on you throne as befit the Queen of darkness ! screwball : I can not let that happen .... why , it 's not civilized ! clutch the golden plate , screwball struggle upwards like a tiny mountaineer . he reach into a grin skull for a handhold and the jaw clamp shut on he finger . screwball ( cont ) : billygoat dumpling ! screwball yank he hand free , nearly lose he balance . his terror give he renew energy and he scramble frantically up the inside of the chimney . 111d exterior top of chimney day the chimney pot be shape like a monstrous demon . Black as a sweep , screwball emerge at the top and look around . the distant sun be a die ember rest on the surround rim of dark mountain . we hear the SOUND of a clock chime ! 111e interior dungeon corridor day a distant chime stop gump in he track . he pull out he timepiece from the pouch and study it . gump : .... not much time .... 111f interior great hall day princess lili stretch out she arm towards darkness . lili : bring I to the wretch beast . darkness take she arm and lead she towards the blaze hearth . the unicorn 's distant whinny echoes from below . darkness : this way , fair beauty . I hear a throat begging to be cut . lili hesitates when she realise darkness intend to lead she straight into the flame . lili ( fearful ) : no ....! it 's impossible ! darkness step into the leaping flame . he turn and take lili 's hand . darkness : now you be my queen . nothing be impossible .... come .... it take but a single step .... find the faith .... darkness look deep into lili 's eye . she place she tiny foot among the white glow coal . nothing happen . not even the fur be singe . lili smile . her fear vanish . she stand at the side of she master . darkness wrap a powerful arm about the girl and they be consume by flame , become one with the blaze around they . 112 deleted 113 interior dungeon day unseen by the deform goblin guard , the faery creep out of the shadow and take cover behind a squat stone column . Jack position blunder in the corridor entrance with the final plate before join the other . jack : everything 's ready .... gump : and you , Jack ? you great challenge be still to come .... darkness and princess lili emerge , arm in arm , out of a background curtain of fire . they sweep majestically down the stone step to where the unicorn be chain . Silent as mouse , Jack and the faery peer around at they . Jack be horrify by lili 's bestial appearance . jack : ....oh , God ....! lili .... gump : judge she with you heart , not you eye . blix and poxand the other goblin Guards scramble to attention as the regal pair ascend . blix : greeting .... pox : s-s-s-s-salutaon .... darkness : silence ....! prepare the unicorn for sacrafice ! the goblin hurry to comply . blix select a grotesque black greatsword from among a rack of weapon . pox furiously pedal a grindstone . blix apply the blade . shower of spark shower onto the glisten floor . behind the column , the watch faery be desparate . luna 's glow light hover above they head . brown tom : the game be lose .... for all of Jack 's pretty plan ... . jack : no ! it will work ! it must ! gump : luna ! fly up to screwball ! tell he it 's time ! Quick as a flash , luna streak off into the shadow . blix carry the sharpen greatsword to darkness , offer it with a low bow . darkness : excellent .... let the ritual begin .... the demon Guards stand in a semi-circle around the unicorn . blix and pox open tatter black prayer book . darkness step to a twisted lectern and read from a sinister volume . darkness : in the beginning , there be nothing .... a void of darkness , a cold enternity of silence .... pox : Endless night , black as death ! mother of shadows protect we ! the assemble Guards answer in a ghastly chorus : chorus of guard : mother of shadows , renew we ! pox : dream sister .... eclipse we pain ! chorus of guard : night bride .... restore we strength ! 114 interior keep and corridor day luna blaze straight up out of the abysmal keep ; a tiny shoot star . the demon ' ceremony continue ( os ) : darkness ( os ) : .... and when the perfect void be corrupt by Light , a great wail be hear and all the brethern fle in terror .... luna rocket along the ruin corridor of the labyrinth . chorus of guard ( os ) : deliver we , o' darkness , from all fear .... 115 interior dungeon day darkness step forward . his booming voice disturb the sleep abt and send they wheeling in cloud around he head . darkness : hear I , ye power of the night ! we offer this sacrafive in honour of you .... darkness reach up and seize a flutter bat from out of the air . darkness ( cont ) : here be we offer .... sanctify with blood .... darkness crush the bat to a pulp and splatter the unicorn 's white flank with its blood . darkness struggle mentally with the mare . darkness ( cont ) : .... and with fire ! darkness touch he fingertip to the unicorn 's haunch . the hide smoulder instantly , leave a ugly brand . chorus of guard : blood and fire , bear of night .... blood and fire , drow the Light ! the unicorn rear back . her hoof clatter on the cold stone . darkness : I pray you , Father , accept my sacrafice .... let Light be orever extinguish ! let the Age of darkness begin ! darkness contort with the strain on impose he will on the unicorn . he dominate the mare and she grow calm . as the demon Guards chant , blix and pox strain at the winch . they drag the unicorn towards the chopping block . 116 deleted 116a exterior top of chimney day screwball stand watch the sunset . one hand hold the plate , the other polish a black apple on he tunic . screwball ( sing under he breath ) : ....nickety-nackety ....noo-noo-noo .... the apple be bright as obsidian . screwball smile at he reflection on its gleam surface . screwball ( cont ) ( sing ) : .... fiddle - dee-widdle - dee .... screwball take a big bite of the apple . screwball grin , chew happily . not a care in the world . it hit he like a stroke . his eye cross and he toppes , drop the plate . luna come blasting out of the chimney like a tracer bullet . luna ( tiny voice ) : screwball ! screwball fall onto the rim of the chimney . in a brilliant burst of light , luna materialise into she grow self , catch the plate a instant before it drop over the edge . luna ( cont ) : do it ! luna look sadly down on screwball , touch he with she toe . luna ( cont ) : screwball ... wake up ! screwball snore loudly . luna ( cont ) : oh , screwball .... luna aim the golden plate at the ruby blaze of the set sun . she aim a beam of light straight down the chimney . 116b interior chimney day the beam of light descend the dark shaft like a golden waterfall . 116c interior kitchen day the beam of light move like a searchlight inside the fireplace , criss -crossing the second cook 's body as it miss the propped plate he hold by inch . 117 interior dungeon day work together , the two goblin turn the iron winch . bit by bit , the cable be draw forward onto the drum . the unicorn 's neck be stretch across the block . darkness stand before lili , offer the greatsword . darkness : once you hand be too delicate for such a task .... spin and weaving be more they work .... lili : let my loom be make of flesh and blood .... I be sister to the fate ! lili eagerly seize the sword . darkness : what a queen you will make ! Jack slump against the wall , desparate . jack : come on , screwball .... gump : she mean to do it , Jack ! she 's one of they ! Jack stare at lili . gump grab a long black bow from a weapon rack , and a arrow from a quiver beside it . gump ( cont ) : I be go to stop she ! jack : gump , wait ! I trust she ! gump fit a arrow onto the bowstring . the unicorn be helpless before lili . blix lock the winch , secure the cable . darkness : my lady , the birth of a new world await you stroke . lili swing the greatsword high over head . chorus of guard ( chant ) : blood and fire .... eternal ice ! blood and fire .... and sacrafice .... gump draw back the arrow in the longbow , aim at lili . jack : no ....! do not ...! Jack grab the bow . he and gump struggle for the weapon . 118 deleted 119 deleted 120 deleted 120a interior kitchen day the beam of light hit the plate hold by the second cook in the fireplace . it streak across the the plate lean on the bellow , zighagging out into the corridor . 120b interior keep day the beam of light zoom out of the corridor , strike the plate on the viaduct , and reflect down into the lowest depth of the castle . 121 interior dungeon day gump be determine to shoot lili . Jack , equally determine to stop he . jack : I trust she , gump .... I will always trust she .... gump : foolish , mortal ! the beam of light stream in through the corridor . blunder reflect it off he plate towards the other . struggle for the bow , Jack and gump kick over the propped shielf the moment the light beam reach it . brown tom : stop lad ....! the light ! a wild laugh burst from lili 's throat . she swing the sword with all she might . the blade arc through the air , a glitter sunburst where it carve through the deflect beam of light . lili aim not for the mare , but for the line restran she . the sword sever the woven cable . lili ( exultant ) : run ! you be free ....! the unicorn plunge into the shadow . only the echo of she hoofbeat remain . Jack and gump stop struggle . Jack dive for he fall shield . darkness pull a weapon from he belt . it be the stallion 's alicorn mount as a shortsword . darkness ( sneering savagely ) : innocence ! huge and terrible , darkness lunge for lili , drive the alicorn straight through she side . lili be pierce by the horn . she gasp , support by the demon 's hold on the blade . miraculously , lili 's feature alter and transform . the fang and claw disappear . her fur melt like the morning dew . she be a innocent maiden once more . lili slide die off the alicorn and fall to the ground . Jack hold he shield in the beam of light , angle in a bright swath towards darkness . jack : burn ....! you evil bastard .... the light hit darkness like a express train . he howl , blast in a smoking whirlwind across the dungeon . darkness cower on he knee , scream in the light . all the goblin scatter howling from the light . Brown Tom caper a happy two -step around gump , who stare straight up into the central keep . brown tom : .... and we will dance on the black devil 's grave .... gump Pov : looking up : the beam of light dim and go out . brown tom ( os ) : what 's wrong ....? what 's happen , gump ? gump shrug , look sadly at Jack and the darken shield he hold . gump ( sadly ) : sunset .... with a savage snarl , darkness stagger off into the gloon , trail trendril of smoke . Jack drop the shield and rush to lili 's side . he kneel and cradle she in he arm . throw back he head , Jack howl like a wild animal . his cry be a wolf - wail of utter despair . gump run frantically up to grieve Green man . gump : no , Jack .... Quick ! he 's after the mare ! gump seize the grotesque sacraficial greatsword . gump ( cont ) : the world need a champion ! ( hand Jack the black sword ) use this against he ! Jack snatch the sword . he rise cold with fury and run off into pursuit of darkness . 122 deleted 123 deleted 124 deleted 125 deleted 125a interior tunnel night the unicorn gallop through a desolate landscape of break column and grumble masonry . 126 exterior edge of the world night a precipice jutting over eternity . the unicorn run along a narrow trail border the edge of the abyss , highlight by a bright backdrop of comet and star . 126a interior tunnel night close on : the black hoof of darkness as he run relentlessly along the unicorn 's track . pull back to show darkness transformed into a muscular black unicorn stallion . he surge onward , a explosion of strength . flame flare from he nostril . 126b exterior edge of the world day the huge black unciron thunder out of the cavern-mouth . the mare stand alone , trap on a final promontory . the black stallion rear and charge the mare .... Black and terrible , the devil stallion rise over the mare , strike out with he fearsome hoof . the mare stagger before this onslaught of evil , fall to the ground amid fly black foot . the black stallion paw the ground , prepare to ram he alicorn into the fall mare . Jack run out from the dark cavern , grip the evil greatsword with both hand . he see the stallion tower above the mare jack ( call out ) : darkness ....! you rotten filth ! the superb black unicorn turn to meet this new challenge . he snort , breathe fire , and lower he head , charge straight at Jack . Jack stand he ground , greatsword poise , as the huge black stallion gallop towards he , hoof strike spark . Jack swing with all he might as the demon unicorn roar slaver past . the greatsword pass straight through the black beast , as if it be strike a ghost . Jack be knock off balance by the fury of the charge , but he manage to stay on he foot as the stallion wheel and attack again . the black unicorn 's red eye blaze as he crash into Jack . the Green man be throw awkwardly to one side . he lose the greatsword and sprawl helpless on the ground . daze , Jack rise on he elbow .. he see the black hoof of darkness stand before he . look up , Jack see the Lord of darkness transformed back to he original form . he hold he alicorn sword point straight at the boy 's heart . darkness : always a pleasure to take a brave man 's life . darkness thrust down with the alicorn , but Jack roll skillfully aside and cound to he foot . jack : .... have not kill I yet .... Jack draw he own sword and swing at darkness , who parry with the alicorn . SPARKS fly . Jack swing again . darkness catch the blade in he bare hand and hold Jack immobile to meet he malevolent gaze . darkness : .... oh , but I have ... Jack be speechless with horror . darkness ( cont ) : do not you know I , boy , do not you know from whence I come .... the muscle hump behind darkness 's neck bulge and crack . it burst open and a pair of leathery bat wing unfold . Jack 's horror be complete . darkness ( cont ) : time to die .... darkness drive the alicorn sword into Jack 's chest , run he through . Jack 's eye be wide with astonishment . be this what it 's like to die ? darkness pull the alicorn out of Jack . there be no blood ! no trace of a wound remain on he flesh . Jack blink in wordless amazement . darkness ( cont ) : so ...! I should have know .... we be just the same ! you be immortal , Jack ! jack ( disbely ) : no ....! I be not ! I be human .... darkness ( laugh ) : who be you mother ? jack ( confuse ) : i.... do not know .... darkness : who be you father ? jack : .... i.... can not remember .... darkness : how long have you live in the forest ? jack : all my life ....! i...i .... know who I be .... darkness : you pitiful fool ! a immortal all this time and never know .... ( laugh ) do not you see , Jack ? do not you understand you power ....! together we could rule the universe ! jack ( bewilder ) : ..... together ....? darkness : there would be nothing to stop we ! no power could stand in we way ! we be just the same , Jack .... you and I ..... eternal ....! Jack struggle to understand the immensity of this revelation . he waver in the face of the demon 's persuasiveness . all at once , the mare unicorn gallop up from the shadow , white and pure . she spear darkness straight he mid-section . the evil Lord scream , stare down at the shine alicorn thrsut out of he chest . darkness ( cont ) : .... Father ....! protect I .... darkness start to shrink . the mare lift the writhe demon high in the air , impale like a kick insect . rearing , the unicorn arch she neck and toss darkness over toe edge into the abyss . darkness tumble into the haze . his final howl be a lament from the depth of Hell . at the last moment , the fall figure of darkness transform into the flap black cloak and sail off into the shadow . Jack pick up the alicorn . he wrap he other arm around the unicorn 's neck . they stand together at the edge of the world , united in a victorious embrace . 126c exterior mouth of cavern night the faery gather at the entrance . screwball be there , half asleep . luna be full -size . pale and sleep , lili lie on the black cloak . the faery stand around she , eye downcast . Jack ride up , mount on the unicorn . surrounded by light , he be more than a champion . he be divine . the faery be delighted . gump : why .... Jack .... solve you riddle at last .... brown tom : should have know no mortal could speak unicorn like that .... jack : how be lili ? gump : sadly beyond the help of faerie magic . she 's under a powerful spell .... it 's like a riddle .... Jack understand . he brighten into a smile . jac : I know the answer ....! lift she to I , gently .... Jack hand gump the alicorn as the faery gather lili in they arm , lift she above they head . Jack carefully pull the enchant princess in front of he across the unicorn 's wither . jack ( cont ) : we will meet again , dear friend .... Jack touch he heel to the unicorn 's flank and they gallop off in a clatter of hoofbeat . gump ( wave ) : ride like the wind , Jack .... brown tom : wish we could go with he .... gump : and why not ? I know some magic word that will do the trick ! screwball : oh no ! not I ! I hate to travel like that .... make I sick . gump : stand back ....! the sky 's the limit ! screwball : can not stand you bumpy takeoff .... abruptly , screwball shoot into the air , fly out of sight . gump : screwball ! wait for the spell .... screwball ( os ) : .... I never do .... gump gesture magically . gump : eiderdown and milkfeed fluff .... all at once , gump , blunder , and Brown Tom streak off into space . luna watch they go . transforming into a dot of light , she speed up after they . 127 exterior forest ( ride montage ) night Jack cling to lili as the unicorn thunder through the midnight forest , darting like quicksilver between the shadowy tree , leaping impossible chasm , splash across stream in a burst of moonlit spray . 127a exterior sky night the full moon hang above like the lantern of God as the faery tumble through the clear night sky . gump ride the alicorn like a broomstick . Far below , magically white and fluid as free-roving moonbeam , the unicorn carry she passenger across the nocturnal forest with the ease of a dreamer transport through time . 128 exterior ring pond day it be not yet sun-up . the first faint trace of the false dawn tints the eastern horizon . everywhere , the snow be melting . it be like springtime , with bold patch of green show through the freeze landscape . a bright beam of light approach , weaving between the giant tree . it be Jack and lili , mount on the unicorn . Jack ride up onto the high rock overinghanf the ponnd and slide easily to the ground with lili in he arm . the unicorn do not move . she stand watch as Jack gently rest lili down on the mossy earth . Jack strip off he golden mail coat and step on the edge of the promontory . he dive gracefully into the pond . 128a exterior forest day screwball in the lead , the faery crash down through the tree , bounce to a stop on the forest floor . screwball : ow ! brown tom : ouch ! gump ( cheerfully ) : Home again ! the bedraggle faery scowl at gump . 129 exterior underwater day Jack streak down , stream air bubbles like a comet 's tail . 129a exterior unicorn death arena day the faery gather around the freeze unicorn stallion . his alicorn have be restore . wreathed in flower , it stand majestically out from he forehead . 129b exterior underwater day Jack stroke deeper and deeper into the pond , past undulate weed and curious fish . 129c exterior unicorn death arena day faery be all about , dance and singing around the statuesque unicorn . they pelt one another with petal . the mare stand demurely to one side , drape in blossom . 129d exterior underwater day at the bottom , Jack move carefully , try not to stir up the muck . he gently part the drift trendril , search among the water weed . 129e exterior treetop day High above the faerie celebration , beautiful music be heard . it be gump , play he violin in uppermost branch of a tower pine . delicate as the call of a meadow lark , gump 's music rise sweetly into the heaven . it be just dawn . the sun 's glow blaze in the east . 129f exterior underwater day a winking gleam catch Jack 's eye and he reach out a eager hand . a cloud silt issue from he grasp as he open he finger . centre on he palm , golden and perfect , be lili 's ring . 129g exterior unicorn death arena day round and full , the sun rise . the golden sun ray pierce through the tree and start across the open meadow . gump 's music continue , more lyrical than ever . as the sunlight advance , bright spring flower push up through the once - freeze earth . 129h exterior underwater day Jack turn and stroke upwards , higher and higher , towards the shine ceiling of light far above . 129i exterior unicorn death arena day gump 's music swell to a crescendo . the life-give sunlight reach across the meadow and strike the flank of the dormant stallion . 130 exterior ring pond day Jack break the surface , hold the ring triumphantly above he head . 130a exterior cliff above pond day the princess sleep under the tree . she no longer wear the black wedding gown , but be dress as before . Jack 's armour have also disappear . Jack kneel before lili and slip the ring onto she finger . he take the girl into he arm and kiss she passionately on the mouth . lili smile . her eyelid flutter . 131 deleted 132 deleted 133 deleted 134 exterior unicorn death arena day the unicorn 's sunlit flesh twitches , dislodge a butterfly warming he wing on he haunch . in a single , beautiful movement , the stallion rise to he foot . he arch he powerful neck and call to he mate . the magic animal gallop off together across the open meadow . 135 deleted 136 deleted 136a exterior ring pond day princess lili awaken . lili : oh ....! Jack ! what a dream I have have ! the princess smile when she see the ring on she finger . lili ( cont ) : such a terrible dream .... I could never tell you .... lili look around , but Jack be nowhere in sight . lili ( cont ) : Jack ....? where be you ....? ( call ) Green Jack ! get no reply , lili wander off in search of Jack . 137 exterior jack forest glade day puzzle , lili search the familiar place . lili ( call ) : Jack ....! where be you hide now ? the wind surge through the treetop . the leave all move together as if they be a single live organism . Jack 's voice be hear out of the wave tree . jack ( os ) : I be everywhere , lili .... my spirit life in everything .... lili : Jack .... do not play game with I ! I love you ! jack ( os ) : i....love ..... you ... lili : will you be here tomorrow ? unseen in the bush , gump and the faery hide , grin as they watch lili . jack ( os ) : I be always here , lili .... whenever you come .... mystify , but happy , princess lili pick a flower and wander off into the sun-bright wood . end credit roll 138 exterior meadow day a lush broad expanse , boldly patter with wild flower . breast the wave grass like a swimmer in the sea , the unicorn bound joyfully in total freedom . mounted on the animal 's back , he arm in victory , Jack ride like a triumphant angel . his hair and skin be tinted green ! he be the incarnation of all that be magical in nature . T h E E N D