legionnaire ----------- screenplay by sheldon lettich and Rebecca morrison chapter 1 : prologue ------------------- fade in : int . " le poivrot " - marseille - 1925 - night loud , thumping orchestra music . a line of can -can girl furiously kick ... twirl ... and flash thighs across a colorful spotlit stage accompany by a SMALL orchestra . the dancer ' seductive wink ... pout lip ... clinched shaking breast ... and fanny - bow , entice audience clap , whistle , hoot and cheer . a upscale , exclusive , night club pack with stylish , chic patron . everyone clap ... stomp feet or move with the music ... a waiter rush through the crowded room with a tray of drink . he cross a couple sit at a table . the couple rise from the table , strolling through the room past ... rene galgani -- a late twenty - something , corsican , hot-head , dress in formal attire -- watch the performance . he impatiently glance down at a pocket watch . rene slip the watch into he waistcoat , scan the room . rene veer from the stage , strutting to the bar . aware of he quick temper , waiter and regular customer avoid rene 's approach . maxim -- a endure , huggable , french man dress in crumpled clothing -- stand at the bar have a drink . rene approach from the rear , tapping maxim on the shoulder . maxim nervously face rene . maxim ( jittery ) rene ... would you like a drink ? rene strong - arm maxim away from the bar . rene no. let 's chat . rene escort maxim down a small stairway . rene ( angry ) you say midnight ! maxim ( jittery ) do not worry , he will be here . int . " le poivrot " - cloak room area - continuous a hat check girl gape at rene 's and maxim 's confrontation as they cross she hutched -door . rene slam maxim up against the wall . rene my brother do not like to be keep wait . it 's disrespectful ! maxim ( break into a sweat ) I promise you ... just ten minute . rene toss maxim aside . rene it 's all you get ! maxim be Pov : rene return to the Main room . maxim plop down on a chair , adjust he clothing . he retrieve a handkerchief , nervously wiping sweat from he brow . int . " le poivrot " entry way - same time two overly garnish loose women , paulette and yvonne enter through the club' front door , follow by ... alain leferve -- a cocky , flamboyant , handsome , young man , tastefully dress in expensive evening attire -- enter behind the two woman . he slip he arm around paulette and yvonne , draw they closer . Alain seductively whisper into paulette 's ear . she give out a coquettish laugh , coyly rub against Alain as they sashay through a elaborate curtained entry way into ... int . " le poivrot " - cloak room area - continuous maxim rush to Alain , shifting he glare between the woman . maxim ( refer to the woman ) what the hell do you think you be do ? alain ( cocky ) meeting you . Alain lead the woman over to the hat check girl . maxim trail alongside . maxim that be suppose to be a hour ago ! Jesus , Alain ! can not you just for once help I out ! do you always have to make it so difficult . alain oh , come on , maxim ... Alain give maxim a affectionate tap on the cheek . alain ( cont 'd ) you love it ... ( wink & smile ) it keep you young . Alain suggestively nod towards yvonne as he graciously help paulette with she cloak . alain ( cont 'd ) hey , make yourself useful ... ( lean toward yvonne ) oh , what 's you name ? yvonne yvonne . alain ( as if he know all along ) help , yvonne ... ( to maxim ) ... with she coat . without miss a beat , maxim automatically do as he be tell . maxim you be not get off the hook that easy . especially after what I have be through set this up . maxim hand yvonne 's coat to Alain . maxim ( cont 'd ) what do you think I be ? some kind of genie that rub he lamp and everything poof into place ?... look at I . Alain ignore maxim , give both woman 's coat to the hat check girl ... she bewitchingly eye Alain , give he a come-hither gaze . maxim ( cont 'd ) ( tug on he belt ) my clothes be loose from not eat and ... Alain return the hat check girl 's come - on with a magnetic smile . he reach into he pocket , give she a big tip . maxim ( cont 'd ) Alain ... it would have be a lot easier to do this in Paris , but oh no ! you have to return home the conquer hero . Alain pivot from the hat check girl , bend he elbow . alain ( overlap ) lady . the two woman lock arm with Alain , snuggling up to he . he cordially stroll to stairway maxim ( cont 'd ) galgani have sink a lot cash into this deal . we have get a opportunity to make some real money . maybe even hold onto it for a change . int . " le poivrot " - MAIN room - continuous - night audience hoot , whistle and cheer . the can- can number crescendos on the stage . legs kick high ... ruffled petticoat flash ... the girl drop en masse in front of the footlight . maxim please , humor I . try to be on you good behavior . I do not want to screw around with this guy . they be not nice people . maxim , alongside Alain with woman , walk past table . the can - can girl rush off stage and spread out into the audience , sit on men' lap , knock down drink or exhibit they garter belt for tip as the orchestra take over . alain maxim , you have get to learn to relax . you worry too much . maxim jerk Alain close to he face . maxim ( cont 'd ) all I be ask be just for once in you life stop think with you other head . alain that 's why we be such a great team . you get the brain . ( pull woman closer ) ... I get the broad . maxim roll he eye , give up . chapter 2 : alain versus . ualgani ---------------------------- " le poivrot " - galgani be table - same time lucien galgani -- a smooth , dark - feature , good-look , ruthless , business man dress in a silk suit -- sit at he private table as if hold court . surrounded by : he brother , rene ; personal body guard , viktor ; and prize fighter , julot . galgani scrutinize he domain . a fidgety maxim near the table with Alain and the two woman . alain ( to julot ) hey julot , how 's the glass jah ? maxim shoot Alain a quick glare . maxim ( overlap ) Mr. galgani ... this be Alain lef ... rene ( overlap ) yeah , yeah we know . ( to Alain ) you be late . alain ( cocky ) better that than never . galgani ( to maxim ) who 's the comedian ? I think you manage a fighter . Alain hold a chair out for paulette . galgani shift he eye to Alain . galgani Excuse I , Mr. leferve but I never do business in the presence of ... galgani give the woman the once over , consider how to define they . galgani ( cont 'd ) ... the female gender . Alain take galgani 's insult as a slap - in- the-face to both himself and the woman . he study galgani , weigh whether to confront he . maxim hold he breath , praying that Alain will not do something stupid ... Alain , glance at maxim , opt to be easygoing , he usual manner of deal with uncomfortable situation . alain julot , what 's go on here ? julot Mr. galgani do not mix business with pleasure . Alain nod , imply okay . he turn to the woman , patting paulette on the fanny . alain wait at the bar . this will not take long . the woman exit . Alain drag a chair to the table , straddle it . galgani julot tell I you be someone who can be trust . please bear with my bluntness if I get straight to the point . alain okay , by I . galgani ( cont 'd ) the gate 's be good . you be a big draw . I will give you a shot at julot for twice you normal purse . elate by the offer , Alain conceal he reaction . alain ( cool ) not bad . galgani there 's just one minor stipulation . alain which be ? galgani you take a dive in the second round . shock , Alain peer at maxim , who shrug indicate " it 's news to I . " Alain flash a look at julot . Alain milk the tension at the table , retrieve a pack of cigarettes from he coat pocket . he stare at galgani from under he brow , lighting a cigarette . alain ( exhales smoke ) I do not crash the canvas ... ( to galgani ) ... for anyone . rene you be over you head . do not push you be luck . galgani ( affectionately refer to rene ) my brother , I love he dearly , tend to jump the gun ... ( shoot rene a glare ) ... and sometimes go off prematurely . galgani , without lose eye contact , slowly lean back in he booth keep he temper at bay . galgani I would like to help you fully comprehend the situation . you fight for I or you never fight again . maxim jump in , attempt to ease the tension at the table . maxim ( back -peddle & sweat ) Mr. galgani ... without move a muscle , galgani skim he eye to maxim . maxim ( cont 'd ) Alain mean no disrespect . you have get to understand . rene ( overlap ) there 's nothing to understand . maxim glimpsis between rene and galgani , plead he case . maxim ( cont 'd ) Fighting be Alain 's life . he would never take a dive . galgani ( overlap ) so , this will be he first . maxim peek over at Alain as if look for help . maxim ( cont 'd ) ( back to galgani ) then again ... there be always a first time ... and the money be very generous , Mr. galgani . Alain scrutinize everyone at the table realize he and maxim be in trouble . maxim ( cont 'd ) if I could just have a moment alone with Alain . galgani ( to maxim ) the moment 's over . I want you answer , now ! something in the club catch galgani 's attention . he glance at rene . rene look into the club . Alain turn , face in the same direction . katrina -- gorgeous , sophisticated , appear in a class of she own in a out - of - place environment -- with a french bob and wear a fashionable gown approach the table . paralyze , Alain fixate on Katrina as rene slide out of the booth . a brief moment of recognition cross Katrina 's eye , throw off she pace . she conceal it , darting she attention to rene . rene hey , trina ... Katrina brushes past rene , without break stride ... Katrina purposely avoid Alain 's stare as she arrive at the table . katrina ( to galgani ) lucien , you know how I hate to keep people wait . Alain flash he eye downward . maxim side - glance from galgani to Katrina , Alain and back to galgani , know that trouble have just show up . galgani Katrina , can not you see this be business . katrina ( to galgani ) either you come now , or I be leave by myself . wanting to avoid a scene galgani suppress he anger , slide down the booth ... uncomfortable and feel a bit expose , Katrina reach at the nape of she neck grab she hair . rene cross to the other side of the booth in the bg . alain ( to galgani ) you do have a problem with the female gender . galgani take Alain 's insult out on Katrina , firmly clutching onto she arm . alain be Pov : Katrina wince in pain . galgani ( threaten Alain ) I think it would be a very wise decision to accept my offer , Mr. leferve . galgani strong -arm Katrina down the hallway . viktor follow they away . rene ( o.s. ) so , what 's you answer , big shot ? rene taunt Alain , fan a wad of money . Alain reach for the money . alain I will do it . rene pull the money out of Alain grasp . rene half before the fight . the rest after . Alain rise , turn to maxim . alain arrange it . maxim surprisingly gape at Alain . Alain exit from the table , crossing the hallway to galgani 's office . viktor stand by the door , guard the entrance . int . " le poivrot " - galgani be office - same time infuriate , galgani throw Katrina onto the couch . galgani what be that all about ? galgani raise he arm to backhand Katrina ... Katrina do not flinch , challenging he rage . galgani ( cont 'd ) how could you embarrass I like that ! galgani furiously pace the room . galgani ( cont 'd ) you drive I so crazy ! why do you do this to I ? especially after everything I have do for you . if it be not for I you would still be just a immigrant , thread needle in that filthy shop . galgani hit a nerve . a hurt look cross Katrina 's face . galgani ( cont 'd ) see , this be exactly what I be talk about . you make I do thing that hurt you . Katrina move to leave . feeing reject , galgani rush to the couch . he clutches Katrina 's thigh , hold she down . galgani ( cont 'd ) ( soften ) please Katrina , do not do this to we . ( plead ) why can not you just do as I tell you ? galgani reach out , stroking she hair . galgani ( cont 'd ) ( sincere ) you know I love you . door knock . galgani quickly jump up . he straighten himself , in attempt to deny and hide the feeling he have for Katrina . int . " le poivrot " - hall - same time the hat check girl , carry two coat over she arm , wait by galgani' office door . rene strut down the hall . he push the hat check girl aside , barging into ... int . " le poivrot " - galgani be office - continuous rene burst into the room , head to galgani . the hat check girl meekly enter behind rene . rene ( excited ) hey , hey , hey . ( clap hand & point ) we have get a deal . Katrina look up from the couch as galgani turn to face he brother . galgani what make he change he mind ? the hat check girl nervously drape galgani 's coat over the back of a chair in the bg . rene ( cont 'd ) ( proud & cocky ) what can I tell you . you be not the only galgani that 's get the goods ! galgani hold out he arm to rene as the hat check girl cross the room to Katrina . galgani now , you be learn . ( give rene a bear hug ) it 's all in the approach . a concerned look cross the hat check girl 's face as she give Katrina she coat . the girl drop she eye downward . the hat check Girls ' hand palm a note in Katrina 's hand . galgani , in rene 's arm , stare at Katrina as the hat check girl exit . galgani ( cont 'd ) it 's a pity everyone else do not get it as quickly as you do . chapter 3 : old friend ---------------------- int . brasserie - dusk a hand reach for a bottle of wine , pour it into a glass . Alain hold the bottle , gaze at its half -filled content . he place the bottle on the table . Alain pull out a pocket watch , look at the time . Alain , insecure and unhinge replace the watch . dissolve to : Alain pull a cigarette from a pack on the table . he light himself a smoke , toss the match into a ashtray fill with cigarette butt . dissolve to : Alain , sip wine , put the glass on the table . he reach into he pants pocket , retrieve a gold cross and chain . vulnerable and nostalgic from the wine , Alain wistfully finger the cross . dissolve to : int . brasserie entrance - later that night Katrina , wear a fur collare coat and broad rimmed hat , enter through the door . she hesitates , gather strength . the rotund cafe owner , behind the bar , break into a smile recognize Katrina . he quickly thumb through album cover , search for a particular record . the cafe owner proudly hold the record up , show Katrina . she shoot the owner a hard glance , stop he from play the record , as she walk through the room toward ... int . brasserie - alain be table - continuous Alain , tuck away at a far -end table , sit stare at the cross in he hand ... approaching high heel . Alain peer upward . a arrogant smile break across he face . he quickly stuff the cross into he pants pocket , rise from the table . Alain hold out a empty chair for Katrina . alain ( self - assure ) you come . I know it . Katrina flash Alain a cold glare as she sit down . katrina really ? alain ( cont 'd ) ( cocky ) be that the way to welcome a old friend ? katrina ( frigid ) Friends ? be that what we be ? realizing that get back into she grace may not be as easy as he think , Alain sit down . he take hold of Katrina 's hand attempt a different tack . alain ( cont 'd ) ( plead with bedroom eye ) please , Katrina . let I explain . Katrina , capture by he gaze , look down at he hand in hers ... think he 's get she , Alain go for it . alain ( cont 'd ) I do not realize how special you be , until it be too late . Katrina slowly inch she hand and body away , keep she eye to the table ... Alain know he 's lose she . he make a hard pitch . alain ( cont 'd ) Katrina , look at I . I have change . I be different , now . katrina Alain ... ( exasperate ) ... what do you want ? Alain give she a allure gaze , pull out he last card . alain ( cont 'd ) do you forget about we dream ... ( touch she arm ) ...of go to America ? Katrina throw she hand up next to she face , glaring downward . katrina ( pain ) do not ! that dream be dead ... all day I have sit in my room with you note , consider whether or not to see you . Katrina hold back she emotion . katrina ( cont 'd ) this be not easy for I , Alain . conflict , Katrina evaluate if she should go on . katrina ( cont 'd ) I be in trouble ... I have get to get away from lucien . if I do not , I know he will hurt I . Katrina 's tearful eye drift to meet Alain . Alain for the first time acknowledge how he action have effect Katrina . alain how do you meet he ? int . old spanish theatre - night a boxing ring in the center of the room . low - life fight fan encompass the ring on wooden chair ... the upper CLASS and wealthy sit in the balcony box ... gendarme guard the exit . Alain -- wear knee -length boxer short and a robe drape over he shoulder -- enter from a dressing room door , walk through the audience to the ring with a trainer carry a bag and towel . low rumble of crowd noise . determined , Alain keep he eye focus on the ring . katrina ( v.0 . ) he come into the shop to buy a dress for one of he woman . Alain enter the box ring . katrina ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be not exactly a good time for I ... I be lonely . alain' Pov : mos . the room distort into slow -motion , mutate to a bizarre dream - like situation . katrina ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) when you do not show up that day , everything around I begin to fall apart . alain be Pov : mos . quick cut of individual in crowd , building to weird and hallucinatory close - ups . katrina ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) lucien ease the pain ... at first everything be fine , but then it start . my hair , make - up , the way I dress , speak how I walk ... mos . Alain , in the center of the ring for he introduction , surround by a roomful of stranger . katrina ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... until one day , I wake up and I be someone else . int . old spanish theatre - galgani' private BOX galgani , sit next to a empty seat surround by couple , viktor and thug , glance at rene enter the box . rene take a seat behind galgani . galgani address rene from over he shoulder . galgani where 's Katrina ? rene you know how she 's hate the fight . she always come late . galgani return to he guest . ( ad lib ) rene lean back in he chair . back to boxing ring Alain sit in he corner . maxim climb up behind he on the other side of the rope . Alain peer up at galgani in he box . alain do you get it ? maxim proudly pat he bulg coat pocket , smile . Alain cock he head toward he robe , while he hold out he boxing glove with a SMALL gold cross and chain . alain ( refer to he robe ) pocket . maxim reach into Alain 's robe pocket as he ritualistically drop the chain from Alain 's glove into he coat pocket . maxim retrieve a envelope from Alain 's robe . maxim ( refer to envelope ) what 's this ? fight bell . Alain hop to he foot . alain I will explain later . concentrate on the fight , maxim unconsciously stuff the envelope into he coat pocket as Alain go to the center . ( fight to be choreographed ) Alain and julot take up they fight stance , stalking one another . crowd hoot and hollers . Alain automatically go to take a punch ... and cinch back , remember the deal ... julot swing , landing a leave in Alain . Alain stagger backwards , leave himself open . julot pummel Alain . he land several blow to Alain 's stomach , force he into the rope . Alain grab onto julot , stalling for time . the ref break they up . julot dance across the ring , connect jab with Alain . Alain move around the ring , give julot every opportunity to hit he . crowd shot of disappointed fan . hiss and boos . Alain and julot , face to face , grab onto one another . julot last time we fight chump , I be pay to take a dive . fight bell . taken-back by julot 's comment , Alain return to he corner . alain' corner maxim crouch next to alain in he corner . maxim flap a towel in front of alain ' face as the trainer sponge off alain . maxim okay , this be it . this be the round . all you have get to do be make it look good , okay ? Alain , introspective , ignore maxim , concentrate on julot . maxim ( cont 'd ) Alain . Alain ! maxim slap Alain 's face , attempt to get he attention . maxim ( cont 'd ) be you with I ? stay focus . it 's easy , just hit the canvas . you get it ? alain I get it . I get it ! maxim good . fight bell . maxim pat Alain on the back as he enter the ring . maxim ( cont 'd ) think about the money . boxing ring the two fighter move to the center of the ring . Alain and julot resume the bout . Alain hold a firm stance , pursue julot . julot skip around the ring take jab at Alain . Alain remain focus and unaffected by julot 's punch . julot 's jab increase Alain 's inner strength . julot ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) any last word ... julot lunge at Alain , swinging with he entire body . Alain side -step , avoid julot 's fist . alain yeah ... Alain whacks julot in the face with all he might . crowd cheer . alain ( cont 'd ) I change my mind . Alain hammer julot with a vengeance . reaction shot of the crowd come alive . shock , maxim scream at Alain from they corner . maxim Alain , Alain ! what the hell be you do ? slow -mo . mos . alain' heartbeat . heavy breathing . mutated crowd noise . julot , with a bloody , swollen face , swagger to and for from Alain 's blow . a right ... a left ... another right . blood shoot into air . galgani' private BOX slow -mo . mos . heartbeat and mutated crowd noise . galgani lean forward in he chair . he catch something out of the corner of he eye . galgani' Pov : slow -mo. turn to Katrina 's empty chair . int . galgani be table - flashback - quick cut - night mos . heartbeat quicken over quick cut of : close on : Alain fixate on Katrina . close on : Katrina darting she eye away from Alain . close on : maxim glance at Katrina and Alain . back to galgani' private BOX - night mos . heartbeat faster . galgani jerk , face maxim . galgani' Pov : on maxim whip pan to ... boxing ring - same time slow-mo . mos . Alain land a upper CUT to julot 's chin , thrust he into the air . heartbeat cease . slow-mo . mos . julot' blood splatter across ring , as he face crash down , bounce on the ring . massive crowd cheer and ring noise . maxim throw he head to galgani 's box . maxim be Pov : zoom in on galgani turn white with rage . int . old spanish theatre - same time the referee start the count . ( ad lib ) galgani motion to rene , viktor and thug go after Alain . they quickly exit the box . galgani make apologetic gesture to he guest . the referee finish he count over julot . he reach for Alain 's arm , raise it into the air . the place go wild . fight fan rush to Alain as he head for the rope . angry wealthy patron glare or shout at galgani . enrage , galgani ignore they , storming through he box curtain . Alain jump from the ring in the crowd , make he way for the exit . he bite he boxing glove lace , attempt to untie they . maxim climb down after he , push he way through the fan to Alain . maxim I know it ! I know it ... Alain throw he glove against maxim 's stomach . alain knife . knife ! maxim okay ! maxim reach into he pants , pull out a pocket knife . maxim nervously open the pocket knife . maxim you never intend to take the dive . maxim jog alongside Alain , cut he box glove lace . maxim ( cont 'd ) Jesus , Alain ! you have any idea of what you have do . we be dead . alain do not worry . everything 's arrange . maxim give Alain a apprehensive glare ... maxim ( sarcastic ) that 's make I feel real secure . maxim glance over he shoulder into the crowd . maxim be Pov : rene , viktor and thug push they way through the crowd toward Alain and maxim . two gendarme trail behind they . Alain grab a overcoat from a unsuspecting fan 's chair , head for the exit . alain ( to fan ) thanks . maxim trail behind Alain , glance over he shoulder . galgani , on the floor , surround by irate wealthy patron who have lose money on they bet . galgani look past the patron towards the exit . galgani be Pov : Alain and maxim slip through the door . ext . old spanish theatre - rear entrance - night Alain shove he arm through the overcoat as he and maxim race down a driveway . alain we be leave tonight for America . maxim America ?! we will never get out of here alive . maxim quizzically gape at Alain . alain ( cont 'd ) the ticket be in the envelope . a think send panic across maxim 's face . maxim it 's Katrina , be not it ? agitate , maxim shake he head in disbelief . maxim ( cont 'd ) you be insane ! she 's galgani 's girl . alain she be my girl ! rene , viktor and six thug exit the theatre . Alain and maxim at the end of the street round a corner . maxim ( cont 'd ) why do not you just dig we a grave ? rene and group take off , sprinting after Alain and maxim to the ... ext . old spanish theatre - parking area rene , viktor and one thug enter a black sedan , while the remaining three thug continue on foot . the sedan drive down the parking area through a rod iron gate , heading in the direction of alain and maxim . ext . alley - night Alain and maxim sprint down a dark alleyway . alain how about first class ticket on a ocean liner ? maxim great , a month of vomit over the railing . alain stop complain . we be finally go to America . what more do you want ? chapter 4 : midnight train ------------------------- ext . train station - night Katrina walk down a desolate platform , carry luggage . she cross a posted sign , read marseille / l'havre . Katrina find a isolate bench . she sit down , glance up at a platform clock . ext . stairway - night Alain and maxim round a corner , racing down the stone step . Alain stop maxim with a outstretch hand . alain ( cont 'd ) slow down . we have lose they . maxim I be not take any chance . Alain hold out he hand . alain ( cont 'd ) give I the cross . maxim reach into he coat pocket retrieve the cross and chain . he hand it to Alain . Alain stop to attach the cross around he neck . alain trust I . they be go . maxim continue jogging down the stair . Alain half - heartily trot down the stair , trail maxim . maxim , midway down the alley stair , trot down the step . he whip around , sprinting to Alain . maxim go back . Alain , go back ! alain be Pov : a black sedan , rene 's car , pull up at the bottom of the stairway . rene and thug blast off gunshot from the car window . a gun shot ring out , echoing ... maxim fall into Alain 's arm . he face freeze . maxim gape at Alain , gasp for air . maxim 's body slump , die in Alain 's arm . more gunshot . rene and viktor race up the step fire shot at Alain . Alain drop maxim , sprinting down a alley . before turn a corner , Alain remorsefully glance back at maxim . viktor stop by maxim 's body as rene continue chase after Alain . viktor search maxim , find a roll of money and a envelope with three train ticket . ext . STREET - night Alain , quickly strut down a empty street , keep in the shadow ... he pass a fight poster of he julot 's bout , round a ... STREET intersection Alain bump into two gendarme . unbeknownst to Alain , they be at the fight . Alain side step they , walk away . gendarme # 1 hold on . Alain stop as the two gendarme approach from behind . gendarme # 1 ( cont 'd ) what 's the hurry , champ ? Alain 's eye widen . thunk ... Alain fall to the ground from gendarme # 2 nightstick . gendarme # 1 pull out he gun , keep Alain cover . gendarme # 1 ( cont 'd ) tell Mr. galgani we have get he . gendarme # 2 exit down the street . ext . train station - night Katrina pace the platform , smoking a cigarette . she nervously glimpsis at the clock . ext . back to STREET intersection - night Alain 's face lay against the wet pavement . his eye slowly open , focus on he surroundings . Alain spring to he foot , grab onto gendarme # 1's gun . the two man struggle for control of the weapon . rene round a corner at the far end of the street . simultaneously , at the other end of the street , galgani 's roll royce approach . Alain and gendarme # 1 , with he arm outstretch hold onto the gun , scuffle across the street . off balance , they crash against a wall , wrestle for the weapon . rene fire off gun shot as another car turn the corner , backlight the street . rene 's bullet rivet gendarme # 1 . his body spasm , fire wild shot . bullet ricochete off wall . rene take a wild bullet . int . galgani' roll royce - traveling galgani , in the back seat , lean forward . galgani be Pov : rene , in shock , grab onto he stomach wound . he gape at blood ooze between he finger and plummet to the ground . ext . back to STREET intersection Alain drop the gendarme sprinting away . approaching footstep . Alain glance over he shoulder . galgani , glare at Alain , crossing the intersection as he dart down the street to he brother . rene squirm on the ground in a fetal position . galgani kneel down , take rene in he arm . galgani 's thug enter from both direction in the bg . rene grab onto galgani 's coat . galgani draw rene closer , cradling he brother . rene I be scared ... cold . tear well in galgani 's eye . galgani ( whisper ) I will take care of you . rene faintly smile . he take he last breath , die in he brother 's arm . galgani viscously eye he man . galgani ( cont 'd ) ( refer to Alain ) kill he ! ext . train station - same time - night Katrina frantically search the platform as passenger exit from a train . a man , build like Alain , walk toward Katrina through the train 's brake steam . think it 's Alain , she run to he . a panicked look cross Katrina 's face upon realize that the man be not Alain . she stop , back away from the man . Katrina turn , find herself block by another one of galgani 's thug ... the man , viktor , take hold of Katrina 's arm lead she away . STREET - night Alain hurriedly race down the enclose area . he pass a rear cafe entrance , surround with barrel and cover with tarp . approaching footstep . Alain look over he shoulder , crash into a barrel . gendarme ' whistle in bg . mens ' shout in fg . trapped , Alain scan between the rear and front street entrance . gendarme sprint down the street , blow whistle . gendarme # 3 some boxer name lefevre kill a gendarme . galgani 's thug dart across the front entrance . voice ( o.s. ) up here ! I see he go 'round the corner . the gendarme dash around the street corner , follow the thug . suddenly , a tarp fly off with Alain emerge from between two barrel . he rush off in a opposite direction of the gendarme . ext . galgani' roll royce - later that night a thug escort Katrina to galgani 's roll royce . he open the rear door for Katrina . katrina's Pov : galgani , in the back seat , cover in blood . Katrina hesitates before enter . katrina ( under she breath ) Alain . the thug push she through the open door . int . galgani' roll royce - continuous numb , galgani sit in the middle of the back seat , oblivious to he surroundings . simultaneously , as Katrina enter , viktor address galgani through the opposite back seat window . viktor she be at the station . the thug on the other side slam the door behind Katrina as she sit down . viktor exit in the bg . galgani ( look straight ahead ) you will never see he again . galgani face Katrina . galgani ( cont 'd ) ... if you try run away once more , you be dead . chapter 5 : joining the legion ----------------------------- ext . legion depot - night Alain round a corner , sprinting into a courtyard . gendarme whistle in bg . spot a light office , he dart inside shutting the door behind he . int . recruiting office - continuous - night alain , out of breath and flustered , leans against the door scanning the room . alain' Pov : a claustrophobic room with a desk at the far end . colorful poster of exotic adventure in the " legion etrangere " hang on the wall . gendarme whistle & shout in bg . recruiting sergeant ( o.s ) ( refer to the whistle ) have you ever consider what happen to the poor bastard they chase through the street ? Alain frantically look for the source of the voice . a elderly recruiting sergeant -- with scar on he face and combat ribbons on he chest -- enter from a back room , smoking a cigarette . the recruiting sergeant take a few pensive puff , inspect a harry Alain . he sit down at he desk , gesture with a hand minus three finger . recruiting sergeant please , sit . Alain cautiously take a seat , try not to stare . the crusty old vet pick up on Alain 's thought . recruiting sergeant ( show off hand ) tonkin . 1894 . ( point to facial scar ) soisson . 1918 . the sergeant ceremoniously rise . restricted by a wooden leg , he hobble to a file cabinet . recruiting sergeant ( over the shoulder ) Morocco . 1922. Alain suddenly feel the wall close in around he . he glance at the door . gendarme shout and more whistle . the sergeant return to he seat , place a enlistment form on the desk . recruiting sergeant ( cont would ) ( sanctimonious ) how can I help you , m'sieur ? alain I ... want to join the legion . recruiting sergeant but of course . ( light another cigarette ) might I ask , why you would make so foolish a decision ? Alain rifle he mind for a answer . recruiting sergeant ( cont would ) it 's about ... ( a smug wink ) ... the woman ? Alain 's eye widen . alain ( nervous & cover ) woman ? recruiting sergeant ( wave Alain off ) whatever the answer , there 's usually a woman involved . he push the form across the desk for Alain to peruse . Alain pick up a pin , quickly fill out the form . recruiting sergeant understand that once you sign ... the sergeant twist the form to read Alain 's name . recruiting sergeant ( cont 'd ) m'seuir duchamp ... the recruiting sergeant return the form to Alain . recruiting sergeant ( cont 'd ) ... there be no back out . there be only three way you return to La Belle France . one , fulfill you contract . two , disability ... close on : recruiting sergeant . he slightly cock he head , raise a eyebrow . recruiting sergeant ( cont 'd ) ... and three , in a box ! dissolve to : ext . port - rabat , morocco - day a exotic North African city with colorful rooftop and soar minaret . wail voice of a Islamic muezzin ... camera crane down across several time - wear , ancient moroccan structure to a SMALL group of misfit march behind a foreign legion caporal -chef away from the dock . a british voice ( v.o . ) " from little town in a far land we come , to save we honour and a world aflame ... " Alain , unshaven and dress in he filthy clothes , fit - in with the overall appearance of the group . he peer over he shoulder at ... mackintosh -- a misplace aristocratic englishman , wear a tailore tweed jacket and carry a book of poetry -- who methodically stroll , muse about he surroundings . mackintosh ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) " by little town in a far land we sleep and trust that world we win for you to keep ! " caporal - chef legros , lead the group toward the city . ext . medina - rabat , morocco - day the recruit move through the narrow bustling street . alain' Pov : capture the exotic sight , sound and smell ... arabic women with veil shroud face ... STREET performers surround by curious tourist ... camel & donkey cart goods . peddler ( Arabs , Jews , black & berber ) loudly hawk ware from tiny shop ... french colonial in white suit ... beggar hold out empty palm ... shepherd lead goat to market . ext . legion garrison - day a huge forbode stone complex , surround by a fifteen - foot wall . outside its MAIN gate a open market of make - shift stand house moroccan barker sell ware . they camel and donkey rest in the bg . amongst a flurry of activity . legros lead the rag file of recruit toward the MAIN gate to the garrison . legionnaire sentries stand by the gate 's wooden door , watch the group climb up a steep hill . as the last recruit pass through the gate , the sentries slam the door shut sealing they off from the world . chapter 6 : new friend --------------------- ext . courtyard - legion garrison - continuious Alain and he group walk into a open-air courtyard . enclose within the wall , more recruit -- dress in civilian clothes and dredge from the gutter of Europe -- mill about like prisoner in a recreation yard . some of the other recruit call out to Alain 's group , hope to find someone from they home country . they shout out query in different language . ( ad lib ) ext . courtyard wall - legion garrison - same time Alain find a solitarily wall , sit down . lean against it he watch the activity from afar . guido rosetti -- a wiry , nineteen - year-old , italian with a heavy , excitable , sing -song accent -- plop down next to he . guido 'ey , you gotta cigarette for guido ? without acknowledge he , Alain reach into he pocket retrieve a cigarette pack . guido take a smoke . Alain , stay focus on the yard , stuff the pack back into he pocket . guido ( cont 'd ) Match ? Alain , keep he eye forward , whip out a wooden match stick hold he arm outstretch toward guido . he strike the match with he thumb nail , ignite a flame . guido lean forward with the cigarette in he mouth , lighting it with the match ... without miss a beat , Alain flick the match into the yard . guido burst out cough , wave the air in front of he . attempt to be one of the guy , guido lean against the wall next to Alain look into the yard . guido ( cont 'd ) look at this man . all this man who leave they home so they can be heroes . alain be Pov : mackintosh stand on one leg , prop he opposite foot against a far wall , read from he poetry book . guido ( o.s. ) that 's why guido leave . I be gonna be a hero , too ! you know why guido 's gonna be a hero ? alain be Pov : legros and caproal metz hover over the recruit ' enlistment paper . guido ( o.s. ) so I can marry my Anna . she 's my fiancee , but do n'a tell no one . it 's a secret . alain' Pov : a buff African - american , the only black man , luther william , shuffles through the courtyard . recruit either walk away or turn they back as luther near they . guido ( o.s. ) Anna 's poppa and momma , they no like guido . they think I be a bum . but , I will show them . Alain , unresponsive , be in the same position . guido , talk to himself , slowly shake he determine head . guido ( cont 'd ) when guido come home , they will see . guido will be a hero ! Worthy of they Anna !... ( excited ) 'ey , you wanna see a picture of my Anna ? guido proudly whip out a worn photograph ... Alain shift he gaze to the photo . guido ( o.s. ) ah , bella ! be not she beautiful . I be the luckiest man in the world ... close on : photograph of a innocent , doe - eye , italian girl . guido ( o.s. ) ...to have such a angel . dissolve to : ext . train station - paris - flashback - dusk three year earlier . a crowded platform fill with hustling passenger . within a group of russian immigrant , Katrina -- a determine , beautiful young , country girl with long hair -- struggle with armful of luggage . guido ( v.o. ) 'ey , you have a angel , like my Anna ? Alain , stand on a train step , smile to himself watch she cross he path . he step down , hurriedly walk up behind she . alain May I help you ? Katrina give he a annoyed glare , pick up she pace . she stumble , drop a bag . Katrina quickly uplift it , ignore Alain 's effort to help . she lose she balance , tumble all she luggage to the ground . alain ( cont 'd ) be it I or be you just stubborn ? from under she brow , Katrina look up at Alain ... and break into a big bashful smile . katrina I have always have to look after myself . train whistle . smash CUT to : int . officer's quarter - legion garrison - day piercing shrill of legros whistle . steinkampf's Pov : metz , legros and corporal with baton shout out order in different language to the recruit in the courtyard . corporal line up pig ! into formation ! bite ! Mach scalene ! ext . officer's quarter - legion garrison - same time a conceal figure , sergeant - chef steinkampf , watch from behind barred window as metz , legros and corporal push the recruit toward the center of the courtyard . corporal allez !... raus ... vite ! ext . courtyard wall - legion garrison - same time Alain get up from the wall , shaking guido 's shadow . ext . courtyard - legion garrison - continuious Alain amble toward the formation , stand next to a group of Germans in line . rolf bruner -- a stocky Aryan with close - cropped blondish hair -- at the far-end of the german group , notice luther to he right . he move to another position . the remain Germans follow suit , leave a gap between Alain and luther . legros push luther toward Alain . legros tighten it up ! luther ( mumble to himself ) I think I would do leave that crap back in the States . legros whacks luther across the face with he baton , draw blood from the startle black man . legros where do you think you be , neger ? a lady social club ? luther no , sir . legros then , shut you mouth ! you only speak when speak to . understand . luther nod ... legros stomp off . luther ( under he breath ) yes sir , massa . I 'z understand all too well . Alain dart he eye to luther 's bloody nose . legros company garde a vous ! mackintosh snap to attention as the remain recruit make meager , even comical , attempt to follow order . ext . officer's quarter - legion garrison - day sergeant-chef steinkampf -- a lean , staunch , german man with a heavy clipped accent -- amble down the lower step of the buid 's stairway . steinkampf a riff tribesman can gallop a horse at full speed and simultaneously decapitate a man 's head impale it to the tip of he sword like a olive on a toothpick . stenikampf step off the stairway and into the ... ext . courtyard - legion garrison - continuious steinkampf stroll toward legros and the recruit . steinkampf they exist purely for the honor of die in battle . for they death bring they closer to Allah and the promise of unlimited virgin in paradise . with such dream they have wipe out over fifteen thousand troops . steinkampf pivot , face the recuit . steinkampf ( cont 'd ) when you die I promise you six foot of earth and a few friendly worm chew you testical . but I guarantee I will make you man . for the first time in you miserable stinking life you will know the meaning of that word . steinkampf strut down the line assess the group . legros trail behind he . steinkampf ( cont 'd ) abd-el krim , they leader , highly cun , very cleaver , have unify the berber tribe into a fight force the like of which you have never see . right now , you spinelss scum be not even a match for the woman of this barbarian . steinkampf and legros stop at guido . steinkampf ( cont 'd ) so , you be go to kill some camel-humper , eh boy ? gudio proudly push he chest forward . guido yes , sir . hundred . steinkampf if you kill one . it will be a miracle . ( in guido 's face ) they say God make man in he image . I would say he be drunk the day he make you . steinkampf stop in front of mackintosh , amused and take aback by he fancy thread . steinkampf by now you be probably think you get on the wrong train ? mackintosh ( spit & polish ) no , sir . sergeant - chef . steinkampf ( mildly impressed ) and what , may I ask , bring you lordship to this cesspool of humanity ? mackintosh sergeant - chef , I believe it be the legionnaire 's prerogative to withhold that particular . steinkampf do not spit you english prerogative at I . when a riff barbarian cut off you manhood , wave you rule book and ask he if its he preogrative . steinkampf turn and address the entire group . steinkampf ( cont 'd ) you only prerogative be to listen , obey and learn . I be here to break you and re-shape you . not just you muscle , but you soul . you will change into legionnaire or you will surely die . steinkampf stop directly in front of Alain . steinkampf ( cont 'd ) do you fully comprehend the meaning of that word ? steinkampf and Alain lock eye with one another . Alain do not respond , hold he glare . sergeant steinkampf no , I do not believe you do . there be a fog over you eye and all you can see be you own arrogance . one day they will clear and you will love La legion with one body , one heart and one soul . chapter 7 : life in the legion ----------------------------- ext . courtyard - legion garrison - later the recruit be spilt into two 's . the corporal push half of the recruit to they knee . they hand hair clipper to the second half , order they to pair - up with the kneel man . ( ad lib ) everyone avoid the kneel luther . metz grab Alain , coupling he up with luther . corporal metz cut this neger 's bush ! bruner and he austrian partner , Glock , along with the other Germans , nudge one another snicker over metz 's treatment of luther . Alain stand behind luther , cut he hair . luther Boy be I a dumb -ass fool , think I could get away from it . Alain glance at the corporal gather in a corner , laugh and bullshit among themselves . alain you be not the only one . we be all neger here . ( hold he hand out ) duchamp , Alain . suspicious , luther look over he shoulder at Alain . luther oh really . why , I have never do meet I a white nigger . Alain raise he eyebrow . luther grab onto Alain 's hand , shaking it . luther luther ... luther Williams . dissolve to : int . shower room - legion garrison - later legros , metz and corporal bark order for the man to strip . if a recruit do not move fast enough , he clothes be rip off of he or he 's pummele with a baton . dissolve to : int . shower room - legion garrison - later Alain , wear he gold chain with a cross , and luther wait in line with butt -nake , shiver recruit . Alain take he turn , step forward into a powerful jet stream of a firehose . dissolve to : int . refectoire - legion garrison - night Alain and luther , attire in ill-fitting dungaree stand in a chow line with recruit similarly dress , hold wooden bowls and tin cup . luther carefully rub he finger over he nick and closely cropped , tender head . luther shit man , I have feel more fuss on a sweet Georgia peach . alain never say I be a barber . a mess corporal ladle watery soup from a cauldron into they bowl . luther glare into it , eventually lift the bowl to he nose . luther ( make a face ) damn ! smell like the slop we would give to the pig back home . alain you better get use to it . Alain and luther head toward the table . bruner walk toward Alain and luther . as he pass guido , sit alone at the end of a table , bruner help himself to guido 's baguette place it on he bowl . guido shrug he shoulder , eat he soup . bruner ( to guido ) thank you . luther , alongside Alain , grin at the approach bruner . he retrieve the baguette from bruner as they cross one another . luther ( to bruner ) you be welcome . luther put the baguette down in front of guido without break stride . dumbfound , guido do a double - take in the bat as luther and Alain head for a far - end table . alain ( refer to bruner ) you do not want to push that assshole , too far . you be not exactly he favorite . luther I know what it 's like to be the underdog . alain who do not . they stop at the table , probing one another . luther ( cont 'd ) what the hell do you know ? Alain place he tray on the table and walk off . CUT to : int . barracks - legion garrison - night harmonica wail a Southern blue rendition of , " down to the crossroad . " ... a room cramme with three - high stacked steel bunk beds . some of the recruit be asleep , while other pass time play card or shoot crap . luther squat against a wall , play he harmonica ... guido 's cornere a couple of recruit , show they he photo of Anna ... mackintosh lay on he bed , read from he poetry book ... Alain stare out a window , smoking a cigarette . luther finish he tune , look up at Alain . he pocket he harmonica , approach Alain from the behind . luther ( refer to cigarette ) get another ? Alain light a cigarette off he , hand it to luther . luther ( cont 'd ) thanks . luther take a drag off the cigarette . he look deep inside of himself , admit that he be a asshole . luther ( cont 'd ) sorry , ' bout what happen at dinner . it 's just , I be not use to bein ' treat human . alain it 's okay . luther although , it be the reason why I come here . Alain questioningly look at luther . luther cock he head toward the window . luther ( o.s. ) Africa ... luther take a long , steady drag from he cigarette , relive the atrociousness he 's experience by be black . luther you do not know what it 's like for we back in the state . ( bitter ) they white folk , they be crazy as a betsey bug . ( a slight welling of tear ) I have see them wipe out a entire town , woman and chillun , over some white gal blamin ' rape on a innocent black man . alain you ? luther shake he head , shaking off he pain as well . luther no , not that time ... I be finger for committin ' murder . luther drop he cigarette and step on it . he shift he tone . luther ( cont 'd ) ever be accuse of something ' you do not do ? alain ( under he breath ) yeah . luther it 's a terrible feelin' , especially when the odd be against ya ... luther look out the window , through the iron bar . luther ( cont 'd ) I be a dead man , no doubt about it . so , I high - tail it outta there . Alain empathize with luther 's story , understanding what it 's like to be on the run . he join luther , shifting he gaze to the window . luther ( sweetly reminiscence ) Old folk use to talk ' bout Africa . ( determine & hopeful ) sounded like a place where I could get a shot at bein ' a man . this hitch be the quick route . alain' and luther' Pov : through the bar window luther ( o.s. ) after five year I will have some money and headin ' south , followin ' my dream . dissolve to : int . dress shop - paris - flashback - dusk hanging bell ring from door open . Katrina , with she long hair on top of she head , stand behind a counter and look up , smile ... she quickly shift she attention on the customer in front of she . luther ( v.o. ) yessire , that 's what keep a man livin ' , he 's got - to have a dream . Alain browse through the shop . Katrina hand the customer a package , see she to the door . she turn to Alain . Alain rush to Katrina . alain maxim get I a fight for big money . we be so close to we dream . katrina America ?! Katrina leap into he arm . katrina when do we leave ? Alain twirl she through the room . alain it will not be long . CUT to : int . back to barracks - legion garrison - night bruner and Glock play card with the other Germans . disgust , bruner throw he card down , after lose . guido cross the room in the bg . bruner ( shout ) scheise ! bruner watch the winner rake in a pile of deutsch -marke , kronen , & rubles . he catch guido 's approach from over he shoulder , as the dealer pass out new card . bruner c'mon join we for a couple hand . guido no thanks . bruner , with a outstretch arm , stop guido from pass . bruner you insulting I , boy ? guido nooo ! guido , just don ' know how to play . bruner I be the one who 's go to play . you lend I the money . we split fifty - fifty . verstehen ? guido shrug , side -stepping out of bruner 's reach . guido I have no money ... bruner do not make I look for it , boy ! bruner rise , throw a punch . guido stoops , avoid bruner 's fist . it piss bruner off even more . he go after guido with a vengeance . guido 's too quick for he . he duck ... dodge ... and dance ring - around bruner , who attempt to land a punch . guido hey , what 's a matta with you . guido , no wanna fight . bruner yeah , well I do . everyone , from they perspective position , laugh or hoot at the skinny italian lead the burly german around the room . bruner do not like the humiliation . bruner ( cont 'd ) ( to german buddy ) grab the son-of - a-bitch . the Germans grab guido , pin he elbow behind he back . bruner lay into he . the laughter cease with guido 's beat . recruit either look away or go about they business , avoid involvement . luther step forward , go to guido 's aid . Alain stop he . alain allow I . Alain move toward bruner . alain ( cont 'd ) come on guy , he 's just a kid . bruner scowl over he shoulder at Alain . bruner who ask you ! Alain grab onto bruner 's hand in mid-air , prevent he next blow . Alain , in bruner 's face , slowly push he fist downward . alain tell you bruder to let he go . sweat profusely pour down bruner 's face as he resist against Alain ... Alain eye dangerously gleam . everyone 's attention return to the center of the room . only now , they be gather around . luther move in closer . even mackintosh put down he poetry book for this one . bruner realize that he 's no match for Alain as he hand be force closer to he side . alain ( cont 'd ) I say ... bruner okay . ( to the Germans ) let he go . luther rush to guido as the Germans drop he . he help guido to a bed . Alain release he grip , head to luther and guido . bruner grin , look back at he buddy ... then suddenly sucker - punch Alain with a leave jab . Alain barely recover , dodging the next blow . he grab bruner around he thick neck . the fight be wild and vile . Street - fight at its apex of barbarity . the two man slam each other around the barrack , knock into sleep recruit , group of on - looker or anyone who get in they way . within second the entire space have become a animal 's de of shouting , scream man . back to barracks - legion garrison - same time legros and metz dash into the room . they relax upon seeing that it's just a fight between two recruit -- the legion' accepted manner of resolving dispute . recruit place bet . francs , pound , deutsch -marke , and rubles wave in the AIR . mackintosh be in the thick of it . mackintosh twenty pound , on the frog ! legros and metz take he up on it ... back to fight - legion garrison Alain and bruner riotously pound each other . bruner take a wild kick at Alain , which leave himself open for a devastating knee to the groin . follow by Alain 's brutal elbow to the back of he skull . mackintosh good show ! barracks - legion garrison Glock slide a shiv into he hand . he move up behind Alain , ready to stick he ... suddenly , someone grab Glock 's wrist , twist it and ... shove a foot behind he knee , force Glock to the floor . mackintosh hold the struggle Glock down . mackintosh let 's keep it sport , shall we , fritz ? fight - legion garrison Alain brutally pummel bruner 's face , but the big teutonic ox fail to go down . finally a powerful kick to the stomach , follow by a elbow to the head , send the german senselessly crash to the floor . barracks - legion garrison a tremendous cheer go up from the crowd . money be quickly exchange , pay off bet . mackintosh haul in the cash . Alain stagger backward , into luther 's arm . before he can catch he breath , mackintosh 's beam face be in Alain 's . mackintosh that be the finest rough- house I have see this side of the water ! ( fervently shake Alain 's hand ) name 's mackintosh ! chapter 8 : training ------------------- int . barracks - legion garrison - dawn the recruit asleep in they bunk . " reveille " in the bg ... legros , metz and corporal stampede into the room , banging the steel bunk with they baton . corporal allez ! get up ! out of that rack , you filthy dog ! the recruit hustle out of bed , dress . ext . moroccan highland - day weighted down with combat kit and dress in sweat drenched khaki uniform , the recruit ' platoon in training expeditiously march in double - time under a broiling sun . steinkampf , invigorate and appear young than he man , lead the column as if take a Sunday stroll past a group of uninterested local . steinkampf un , deux , un , deux , un , deux ... steinkampf begin to sing " le boudin , " steinkampf ( cont 'd ) " on nous appelle les forte tete , on mauvaise reputatation ... " steinkampf sing ! sing from the pit of you soul ! you be legionnaire . legros and metz join in with steinkampf , prodding the man to sing . legiononare " mais on s'en fout comme d'une musette ... " luther ( under he breathe ) sing ?! shit , I can barely breathe let alone sing . legros overhear luther 's complaint . he give luther a glare , grip harder on he baton . luther 's eye widen as he straighten up , join in with the song . legiononare " on est fier d'etre a la legion , a la legion ... " dissolve to : ext . moroccan highland - gully - later that day drained , the platoon march behind steinkampf and legros through a SMALL gully . legros section halte !... rompez les rang . everyone drop they kit , fall to the ground from exhaustion . steinkampf stroll through the scattered recline man . steinkampf fantastic ! some of you be make a reasonable impression of be man . bravo ! do not expect it steinkampf stop , stand at attention . steinkampf ( cont 'd ) and now , since I be in a particular good mood . we be surround by this gorgeous vista . I be go to offer you a treat . steinkampf sweep he arm upwards , revealing a rock pile . steinkampf ( cont 'd ) the rock . ext . moroccan highland - gully - later the platoon , with rock laden pack , march in double - time through the hilly terrain , crossing a group of local . steinkampf trot alongside of the platoon , bark order . guido 's lithe frame can barely handle the weight of he kit . he stumble . Alain and mackintosh , on either side , lift guido by the shoulder help he along . steinkampf he fend for himself ! this be the legion ! you march or die ! mackintosh and Alain quickly obey , back away from guido ... guido . guido straighten himself up , fall back in line . alain this asshole never let up . mackintosh you will be thanking he later . guido what this mean , a march or die ? mackintosh precisely that ! mackintosh glance between Alain and guido . mackintosh ( cont 'd ) loyalty be a virtue . but , in the desert , nothing interfere with survival . you cut you loss and move on . dissolve to : ext . stairway - legion garrison - day the recruit , with they combat gear , straddle they rifle over they head while run up and down the stair . legros , stand on top of the stairway landing , scrutinize the recruit as they run up and down stairway . legros vite !... vite !... viiite ! you will never outrun riff at this pace ! dissolve to : ext . legion training ground - day in full combat gear , the recruit crawl on they belly underneath a barb - wire obstacle course . metz , legros and corporal shoot machine -gun bullet over they head force they to the ground . steinkampf sardonically smile as he intermittently toss grenade . guido freeze . Alain go back into the course , aid guido . steinkampf raise a eyebrow , scrutinize Alain and guido . together , Alain and guido finish the drill . dissolve to : ext . empty hillside - day heat wave shimmer above the hill 's crest . the mid-day sun illuminate a blue sky . recruit , wear they combat kit and in a horizontal line , slowly rise above the horizon . steinkampf , metz , legros and corporal march alongside they as the platoon squat , inching over the hill . ext . laundry room - legion garrison - dusk a make -shift laundry house barrel fill with water , washboard and clothes line ... harmonica echoes a josephine baker rendition of " jungle love " ... recruit mull about half - dress or in underwear , wash clothes , shave , smoking and bullshit amongst themselves . Alain , guido and luther , play he harmonica , wait around a barrel for mackintosh to finish he wash . mackintosh gather he wet garment and soap bar , relinquishing the barrel to Alain ... perplex , Alain with a armful of dirty laundry , gape into the barrel . alain where 's the soap , mack ? mackintosh first thing " the Colonel " teach I . ( imitate a proper englishmen ) always carry a bar of soap , lad . never count on the military for personal need . mackintosh toss the soap bar into the barrel . mackintosh ( cont 'd ) do not expect this type of luxury from the legion . use it sparingly . Alain drop he clothes into the barrel . his feeble attempt at wash do not get the dirt out . he kneel , stare into the barrel . pick up on Alain 's predicament , luther smile and nudge guido . luther whistle at mackintosh , draw he attention to Alain . all three surround Alain at the barrel . luther grab a shirt from the barrel , place it on the washboard . he furiously scrub it with soap . luther mammy use to say , lather that up , boy . give it a real good whippin' . mackintosh push luther aside , pick up another garment . he meticulously make small circle on a stain with the soap . mackintosh ( refer to soap ) no , no , no ! you be waste it . small pressured stroke be the way to do it . guido , kneel by the barrel , dunk Alain 's underwear in and out of the water . guido ( with a broad smile ) it 's the dunking ! Anna say , you get the dirt out by dunking . all three furiously argue around Alain on how to properly wash clothes . ( ad lib ) alain ( shouting ) stop ! everyone shut - up , look at Alain . alain ( cont 'd ) I get it . a bit stunne by Alain 's abruptness , they back off leave Alain to he wash . luther return to he harmonica . mackintosh pick up he clothes . mackintosh ( to guido ) who 's Anna ? thrill by the prospect of talk about he favorite subject , guido eye widen . he help mackintosh with he laundry , walk alongside of he to the clothes line . guido let I tell you , about the most beautiful angel in the world . dissolve to : ext . rifle range - day rifle shot . camera track a long row of target . most of the bullet whiz by , miss they mark . camera stop on two target , side - by-side . target # 1 consistently score bull - eye . target # 2 have numerous hit within the desire area . Alain and mackintosh fire lebel rifle at the two target . mackintosh be a near-perfect marksman . for a first timer , Alain make a better- than - fair show . steinkampf observe Alain and mackintosh through binocular . a shrill whistle signal cease - fire . steinkampf motion to Alain and mackintosh . steinkampf you two , come with I . at least you look the part . ext . machine -gun range - day steinkampf lead Alain and mackintosh through a field to several recruit fire heavy tripod - mounted hotchkiss machine -gun . a news crew photograph the recruit . steinkampf this man be from the International Press Organization . ( point to a shoot trench ) do we proud . Alain 's eye narrow with anxiety . alain Sir , I would like to be excuse from ... steinkampf ( in Alain 's face ) you will uphold the honor of the legion ! shoot as well as you be capable of shoot , or by God you will wish you have . Alain join mackintosh . he drop to one knee , leveling he rifle . steinkampf step back , smile to the news crew ... the news crew turn they attention to the two marksman . still cameras of the photographer pop off flash . match CUT to : int . galgani be office - day a newspaper photo on a desktop reveal a fuzzy black and white image of alain and mackintosh , fire rifle . galgani sit behind he desk . julot be across from he in a chair . viktor stand off to the side . julot you be joke ? galgani my brother be murder ! you be the one who suggest lefevre in the first place . I hold you just as responsible . julot but , it 's insane . who know when that photo be take ? the legion could have send he to any of they outpost by now . galgani slam he fist on he desk , lung from he chair . galgani I do not give a damn what it take . I want that asshole , dead ! ( a afterthought threat ) and just in case you need some help , viktor will be along to watch you back . chapter 9 : at a brothel ----------------------- ext . village negre - rabat , morocco - night two drunk legiononare crash through the door of a bar , battle over the affection of a local girl . a group of gendarme militaries rush the legionnaire , bludgeon they unconsciousness with heavy truncheon . Alain , luther , mackintosh and guido stroll past the fraca , pay it hardly a glance . Wolf pack of drunken legiononare swarm through the district , prowling for woman and alcohol . french Colonial mercenary , colorful algerian zouave and black senegalese tirailleurs troll the street , line with seedy bar , look for similar amusement . luther sweet Jesus ! this here 's crazier and bourbon Street on fat Tuesday in n'orlean . two overly make - up teenage girl , stand by the entrance to a bar , " Le Chat noir . " they spot Alain , luther , mackintosh and guido . girl # 1 ( sing -song ) legionnaire , you come wit ' I ? luther baby , anywhere or anyway you take I . just sho ' I the door . before Alain or mackintosh can get a word in , the two whore whisk luther and guido into the club . int . " le chat noir " - entry way - night a typical dark , dingy moroccan courtyard with a narrow stairway lead up to a second floor balcony that encompass the entire area . Alain and mackintosh enter , find a clientele of rowdy lower - echelon zouave and tirailleurs soldier . mackintosh nudge Alain , nodd to far table . alain be and mackintosh be Pov : bruner , Glock , and buddy boisterously drink and cohort with whore at a table . mackintosh ( concerned about bruner ) you might want to consider one of the other establishment . luther ( refer to bruner ) who , they ?! ( back to get laid ) if y'all do not like the merchandise do not buy it . this store 's alright by I . girl # 2 seductively pin a very nervous guido up against the wall , practically screwing he on the spot . luther ( cont 'd ) ( notice guido ) see , guido 's know how to have a good time ... right , guido ? guido attempt to be polite , squirm under the whore 's hold . guido ( come up for air ) eh , nooo !... guido , no ... luther what 's a matter with you , boy ? embarrass and suddenly aware that all eye be upon he ... guido look away as if conceal something from they . luther ( cont 'd ) ( shit-eate grin ) hey , guido you a virgin ? guido shake he head in denial , too proud to admit it . no one busy it . luther ( cont 'd ) okay , that 's it . luther grab guido and girl # 1 , drag they deeper into the club . luther ( cont 'd ) we be get this boy a taste of the good stuff . mackintosh " desertion of one 's comrade in the face of the enemy " punishable by fire squad , if I be not mistaken ? Alain smile , gallantly sweeping he hand towards the club . int . " le chat noir " - table - continuous luther and guido , with they girl firmly entrench upon they lap , sit at a table . mackintosh sit down next to they . Alain , preoccupy by the stage performance , slowly inch himself into a chair . alain' Pov : a middle - age european chanteuse on the stage , sing a raspy rendition of " parlez moi d'amour , " by " lucienne boyer " two more whore sashay over , hit on Alain and mackintosh , ( ad lib ) . they enterance draw Alain 's attention back to the table . mackintosh not tonight , dear . whore # 1 what 's wrong , you no like girl ? mackintosh of course not , I be british . as luther end the negotiation , girl # 2 , almost the same age as guido , try to yank guido away . guido eh ... guido , no think this so good idea . ( apologetic glance to girl ) you no understand . my Anna , she may not like this . luther toss a few bill on the table . luther think of it as trainin ' for you honeymoon . guido ( puzzle ) like a hit the bull 'z eye ? Alain , luther and mackintosh glance amongst one another , simultaneously get the sexual innuendo . mackintosh pat guido on the shoulder . mackintosh practice make perfect , old boy . guido ( understanding the reference ) ehhhh ... okay , I will do it . before guido change he mind , girl # 2 hurriedly get up . mackintosh grab onto she arm . mackintosh ( in perfect arabic ) { none of you usual antic . if any harm come to he , you will curse the day I meet you . treat he as if he be you lover and there will be a big tip for you . } girl # 2 nod , lead guido away with a gentle mien . Alain curiously gape at mackintosh . mackintosh the Scots Guards . we march into Damascus with General allenby . freed Arabia from the Turks . Alain 's concentration drift back onto the chanteuse and she song . close on alain : lose himself in think match dissolve : int . brasserie - paris - flashback montage - night close on alain : lovingly gaze at Katrina from across a table . a flower girl cross they table with wicker basket of red rose . Alain busy a single red rise from the girl . Alain gently run the rise down Katrina 's cheek and across she lip . Katrina tenderly kiss the rise as Alain present he gift to she . a hand place the needle to a gramophone onto a rotate record , play a scratchy rendition of " parlez moi d'amour , by lucienne boyer " ... the rotund cafe owner , behind the bar , turn to face Alain and Katrina at they table . he give the young lover a encourage nod . Alain and Katrina gratefully return he gesture with smile , know he have play the song for they ... Alain reach a hand over to Katrina , lead she past empty table onto a small dance area . they sensuously dance throughout the desert cafe as the owner sentimentally watch from the bar . int . alain' apartment - paris - flashback - night Alain light a bedside candle . Katrina sit down on the edge of the bed , place she rise on a pillow . Alain face Katrina . they painstakingly undress one another never break they gaze . Alain unfasten the clasp on Katrina 's head , liberate she long hair around she shoulder . Alain gently lower Katrina to the bed next to the rise . he make love to she , relishing every moment . dissolve to : int . back to " le chat noir " - night as if in another world , Alain shift he attention to the room . everyone be transfix upon the chanteuse as she continue she ballad . Alain rise from the table , avoid mackintosh 's eye . alain how about a drink ? mackintosh recognize Alain 's behavior , he 's see it before . mackintosh whiskey . Alain head towards the bar . mackintosh scrutinize Alain 's movement . mackintosh Pov : Alain at the bar wait for he drink . he scan room , glance back at mackintosh and give he a nod . mackintosh return the nod , pivote to the performance . int . bedroom - " le chat noir " - same time - night guido , fully dress , sit on the edge of a bed gaze upward . guido ... and there she be . right in front of guido 's face ... girl # 2 lay on the bed in awe with bent elbow cradling she head in she hand , gape into the air . guido ... a angel . a sweet smile cross guido 's face . guido ( cont 'd ) every Saturday night we sneak out to be together . we spend hour walk and talk . sometimes we even hold hand . int . " le chat noir " stage - same time the chanteuse finish she number . high - pitched catcall and men' laughter . Far beyond caring , she move off - stage unaffected by the taunting man . int . " le chat noir " - table the room settles around mackintosh at he empty table . he glance to the bar . mackintosh Pov : two drink , Alain 's order , be on the bar where Alain previously wait . Alain be no where in sight . mackintosh shoot a glare at the front door . ext . rear alleyway - behind " le chat noir " - night a back door slowly creak open . Alain , dress in a long tunic with a hood over he head , slip into the alley . Alain 's eye nervously skim he surroundings . he move quickly through the dank passageway , turn a corner . mackintosh ( o.s. ) stop right there , Alain . Alain freeze . mackintosh step out of the shadow . Alain sag with relief . mackintosh slam he up against a wall . mackintosh where the bloody hell do you think you be go ? Alain 's eye harden . he push mackintosh 's hand away . alain back to barrack . mackintosh dress like Ali Baba ? I do not think so . ( shoot a glare ) " desertion of one 's comrade ... " Alain shoulder mackintosh out of he way , step into the alley . mackintosh grab onto Alain 's elbow , swinging he backwards . Alain crash into trash barrel , scatter garbage and cat across the alley as he hit the ground . cat screech and meow . Alain encompass in rubbish ponder the situation . he get up , move to mackintosh . alain ( plead he case ) I be not desert ! I be go back to make something right . mackintosh that 's a interesting concept ! who the hell do you think you be kid ? mackintosh throw a punch . Alain duck , avoid he fist . Alain attempt to cool mackintosh down , justify he reason . alain listen mack ... mackintosh grab Alain , force he backwards up against the wall . mackintosh ( cont 'd ) ( overlap ) no , you listen . if you escape a example will have to be make . since you will not be here , that leave myself , luther ... guido ( o.s. ) 'ey Alain , ... mack ! be that you guy down there ? everything okay ? alain' and mackintosh Pov : guido peer down at they through a SMALL window on the second floor . mackintosh ... and guido Alain turn away from guido , stare at mackintosh . alain yeah it 's okay , everything 's fine . dissolve to : int . barracks - legion garrison - night tracking past legionnaire asleep in they cot , ... mackintosh ( o.s. ) honor be my lot . my father , " the Colonel " beat it into I from the time I be a lad . ... stop on Alain and mackintosh side by side in they cot , lay in the darkness . mackintosh he be my hero , but I could never live up to the standard he set . God help the man who make a mistake and do not do the decent thing . alain what do you do ? mackintosh I have a bit of a problem ... ( muse ) it 's odd . a man be glorify for pillaging and murder , but ostracize for dishonor . a fate I do not wish on anyone . alain be that why you leave the military ? mackintosh side - glance at Alain . mackintosh dishonorable discharge , to be more precise . alain over a problem ? mackintosh I like to gamble . can not help myself . it 's the love of my life . nothing else will do . and the higher the stake the better . of course it 's only a problem when I lose . then I have to do stupid thing like write bad check ... they stripped I of my command in front of my man . some of they I have be with for fifteen year . ( beat ) that be the easy bit . see the disappointment in the old man' eye ... now , there 's a wound that do not heal . alain I know the feel . like the first time I see it ... ...on Katrina 's face . dissolve to : int . brasserie - paris - flashback - dusk Alain strut through the cafe . patron acknowledge or shake he hand as he move toward a upset Katrina , wait for he at a far table . alain ( v.o. ) I be too busy be a big -shot , pay more attention to my entourage than she . Katrina , with tear - fill eye , look up at Alain . alain ( v.0 . ) I can not remember what we fight about . my mind be only on my so-called career . Katrina bolt from the table . Alain grab she arm . they argue , end with Katrina 's slap across Alain 's face . Alain watch Katrina dash through the cafe , exite . alain ( v.o. ) to make it up to she , I promise she a wedding ... and a dream ... America . int . night club - paris - flashback - night surrounded by maxim , woman and hanger - on , Alain at a corner table indulge at he " bachelor Party . " attempt to act as if he 's enjoy himself , it 's obvious that Alain be preoccupy . alain ( v.0 . ) the night before the wedding , I could only think of myself ... of what I would lose ... my freedom . int . alain' apartment - paris - flashback - day close on : a framed photograph of Alain and Katrina . Alain stand in front of a mirror above a dresser , look at the photograph . his eye sail onto he reflection in the mirror ... Alain unfasten he gold chain , remove it from he neck . alain ( v.o. ) all night I think about it . I be not ready ... Alain turn the frame to face the wall , hang the chain over the frame 's corner . alain ( v.o. ) ...to make the commitment . int . chapel - paris - flashback - day Katrina , dress in a simple homemade white dress , hold a SMALL bouquet of flowers and shroud in the late afternoon sunlight through a stained glass window , bite she lower lip hold back she anger and hurt ... as she exit ... alain ( v.0 . ) I do not have the courage to tell she to she face . ... the bouquet slip from she hand , landing on the chapel floor . ext . " le poivrot " - marseille - flashback - night alain' slow -motion Pov : Katrina walk toward galgani 's table . alain ( v.0 . ) it be the biggest mistake of my life . continue slow -motion : Katrina at the table . she glance at Alain , conceal she recognition of he . alain ( v.0 . ) then , I be lucky to get a second chance . int . brasserie - marseille - flashback - dusk close on : Katrina hold back she tear . ( continuation of earlier scene ) Alain , hesitates , not know how to react ... Katrina , think that she 's make a mistake by confide in Alain , quickly rise . Alain grab onto she wrist , stop she . alain ( v.o. ) I think I would be able to get she back ... ... like that . ( with sadness ) but we be different people . Katrina , have no one else to turn to , acquiesce sit back down . alain ( v.o. ) I offer to help she , hope to regain she trust . dissolve to : int . back to barracks - legion garrison - dawn Alain , sit on the edge of he cot , smoking a cigarette . alain everything go wrong ... Alain drop he cigarette . it land next to other butt he 's smoke during the night . alain ( cont 'd ) I have to find she , mack . I do not want she to think ... I do not care . mackintosh when we get out of this stint . I will help you find she , you Katrina . mackintosh hold out he hand to Alain . mackintosh ( cont would ) you have my word , old chap . chapter 10 : MARCH to the fort ----------------------------- ext . parade field - legion garrison - day the french flag flutter in the breeze ... a legion bugler , play " le cay . " steinkampf and lieutenant charlier -- a young , green officer -- stand at attention off to the side . after the bugler 's last note conclude , Lieutenant charlier step up to face the platoon . capitane charlier ( cont 'd ) I be Captain charlier , you new commanding officer . we be be send to Fort bernelle the last french stronghold between we and abd-el krim . close on : face of the legionnaire ... Alain ... mackintosh ... guido ... luther ... bruner ... Glock ... etc . capitaine charlier ( cont 'd ) this self - proclaim arab leader have take he force deep into french territory , destroy nine of we outpost . Lieutenant charlier take a moment capitane charlier the legionnaire defend this position be brutally slaughter . and that who do not die immediately be torture in a despicable manner . charlier glance over to steinkampf . capitaine charlier we leave at dawn . sergeant - chef . steinkampf 's hard , pitiless glare scan the rank . steinkampf a word of advice . I suggest you keep one last bullet . for a brief moment , steinkampf let he guard down . steinkampf ( earnest & sympathetic ) not for the enemy , but for yourself . ext . legion garrison - early morning moroccan vendor set - up they stand in the open market outside the garrison . beggar and stray dog pick through trash . a few early customer barter for goods . legionnaire sentries open the wooden door to the garrison , stand on either side of the gate . with Lt. charlier at the lead , the platoon march through the gate , follow by a mule train carry ammo and supplies . as the mule exit the garrison the sentries shut the wooden door . dissolve to : ext . moroccan highland - morning Lt. charlier , with steinkampf by he side , lead the legion company through a bleak and inhospitable mountainous terrain . legros , metz and corporal trot beside they . the company cross a group of local . mackintosh , lead the four friend from they midway point in the line . all four glisten with sweat , panting from exertion . guido 'ey Alain . how far you think this Fort be ? alain I do not know , guido . guido what 'a you think , mack ? luther probably about a mile closer than the last time you ask . ext . moroccan highland - same time reverse angle : legion company in single file lumber through mountainous terrain with the legion garrison in the distant bg . dissolve to : ext . hilly terrain - noon the legion company , deplete and haggard with soile clothing from day of march , cross a small camel caravan under the blister high noon sun . guido on the verge of pass out , run he tongue across he crack and dry lip . he reach for he bidon , ( water bottle ) . a hand stop guido from retrieve he bidon . guido trail he eye from the hand , revealing mackintosh . mackintosh we have be out three day , lad . no tell how long the march will be . best to wait for the rest period . guido nod , remove he hand from he bidon . mackintosh ( cont 'd ) when you do drink , do so wisely . as the two group continue to cross one another , a rider on a camel shift he gaze onto the mule train 's ammo ration . dissolve to : ext . gully - moroccan highland - mid -afternoon Lt. charlier halt the platoon for a break . the man release they kit , rest on the ground . exhausted , they wipe the sweat from they brow , breath easy and drink water . guido sit next to Alain , sip water . guido ( reflect ) I gotta bad feelin ' in my stomach . alain it 's hunger . guido do n'a joke with I . I no think I will make it . Alain face guido . alain what be you say ? of course you will make it . guido I be not so sure . alain listen , the fort be not that far . just keep you mind on get there . okay guido grab onto Alain 's arm . guido Alain , if I don ' make it , will you tell my Anna ?... promise I . Alain glance at guido 's hand clutching he arm . alain ( overlap ) okay , okay . I will tell she . guido good ... it 's a good . ext . rocky trail - atlas mountain - late afternoon steinkampf strut alongside the exhaust company , lead they like a choir master as they sing " le boudin . " steinkampf ( o.s. ) sing ! sing from you heart ! proud to be legionnaire . petrify , guido snap alert as steinkampf near from he rear . guido , wide eye , sing at the top of he lung warning the other of the sergeant 's approach . steinkampf march pass a sing Alain and luther to alongside mackintosh . responding , mackintosh quicken he pace in a soldierly manner . mackintosh ( clear he throat ) Sir , with all due respect , be you certain all this sing be well - advise ? we appear to be near the heart of riff country and ... steinkampf it 's good for the morale . when I want you opinion , English ! I will ask for it . ( glaring at mackintosh ) consider this a warning . next time you will be punish for insubordination . steinkampf proceed on . mackintosh that be if you be alive , mien komandant ! ext . gorge - atlas mountain - same time similar to a long khaki-colored snake , the column of legiononare negotiate they way through a deep , narrow , steep - sided gorge . they voice rise small and distant to the mountaintop . a couple of mysterious figure move into view . riff warrior -- attire in traditional jelabba robe with brown burnoose on they head , armed with european rifle and long , curve berber knive -- watch the legion column from a cliff ledge . ext . overnight camp - atlas mountain - dusk snow mountain peak . a chill wind howl as the legionnaire set camp for the night . greatcoat be tightly buttone to shield they body from the frigid cold as they pitch simple two - man tent ... gather stone to build a protective wall around they encampment ... and cook over small fire . close on a boot be remove reveal a black and bloody sock with more hole than fabric ... camera pull back : guido painfully wince , peel the sock from he mangle foot . he squeeze blood out of the sock ... camera continue to pull back , revealing Alain , luther and mackintosh in a debout , a fight position , at the edge of the wall . Alain gape at guido 's foot . alain ( refer to guido 's foot ) why do not you tell we , guido ? luther and mackintosh , stand huddle over they small cooking FIRE , both wince at the sight of guido 's foot . guido I be a legionnaire . legionnaire march or die . luther do not you go buy that legionnaire crap . it do not mean nothin ' out here . it 's about survivin ' and all we get be each other . Alain reach for guido 's foot . guido ( pull away ) 'ey , I be a no baby . mackintosh , know that guido be not go to last much longer , sympathically gaze down at guido . mackintosh luther be right . give he you foot , lad . we will not think less of you . it have nothing to do with you manhood . alain as long as we all stick together , we will make it back home . ( directly to guido ) guido , we will make it . trust I . guido acquiesce , give he foot to Alain . Alain wipe the blood off , wrapping the wound . Alain glance at mackintosh and luther . they face reveal that guido 's chance of survival be almost impossible . mackintosh take a few step away from the fire . luther trail he . they both gaze out across the desert . luther this sure be one big empty country . mackintosh Big , it be . but I promise you , empty it be not . they be out there ... wait , watch , plan ... ext . sand dune - somewhere in the desert - same time camera crane up revealing horse track across the sand and a single riff horsemen riding into a riff encampment of one hundre soldier . mackintosh ( v.o ) ...on when and how they be go to kill we . we be the intruder , luther . it 's they country and ... abd -el krim -- a majestic , dignify man , dress in robe of the finest middle eastern material -- look up from a parchment map , stare into the desert as if aware of mackintosh 's gaze . mackintosh ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... every man , woman and child will give up they life before give it up to we . CUT to : ext . sahara desert - vista - montage - day the blazing mid - day SUN , emanate a blister heat against the blue sky . the column of legionnaire slither across the lunar- like surface of the burn desert . the legionnaire continue they relentless pace . heavy panting ... clicking of equipment from kit ... boot on sand . close on legiononare : lo. charlier ... steinkampf ... legros ... metz ... alain ... mackintosh ... luther ... guido ... bruner ... glock ... etc. , blister from sunburn ... sweat profusely ... with swollen , cracked lip ... and hard , numb , eye ... determine to reach the fort . chapter 11 : legion be a family ------------------------------ ext . sahara desert - later that day worn legionnaire boot over the rocky ground ... a pair of boot flater . unable to hold - on any longer , guido 's frame sag with resignation . his knee buckle , drop he rifle and body into the sand . agony rule guido 's eye . both he body and spirit be break . Alain drop be rifle and rush to guido , kneel beside he . alain guido . get up ! guido gaze at Alain with empty eye , shaking he head . guido I no can go on . Alain kneel next to guido , hold out he hand . alain come on guido , get up . you can do it . legros roughly shove Alain aside . luther step in to help Alain with guido . legros ( to luther ) get back ! back in line . legros lift guido off the ground . Alain grab onto the half - dead guido , attempt to keep he away from legros . legros ( cont 'd ) ( to guido ) on you foot . steinkampf enter . alain ( to steinkampf ) give he time to rest . he 's weak . steinkampf the man be mentally weak . physical weakness be nothing that a night sleep can not cure . ( to guido ) what he have be incurable . alain you always tell we the legion be a family . steinkampf do not tell I , about the legion . leave he ! alain no , I leave a friend to die once before . steinkampf you break my heart . then carry you friend ! give he you water , you blood for all I care . but , I will not sap the strength of sixty man to save two ... ( to legros ) ... caporal . steinkampf shoot a glare at legros , indicate for the company to move on . legros ( to luther & mackintosh ) pick up that rifle . ( to the company ) garde a vous ! March . the company fall back into line . guido leave I , we will never make . Alain hoist guido onto he back . alain no ! we will . we will make it together . ext . sand dune - montage - day sparkling sand emanate heat wave ... legiononare ' boot sink into sand ... the company descend a sloping dune , surround by sand and more dune in the bg . angle on the legiononare wiping sweat from they brow , suffer , raise they bidon to they lip ... find they empty . luther unscrew the cap from he bidon . he look back at Alain carry a unconscious guido . alain disclose stark eye , abandon by life . the hot SUN blaze upon he expose face . ext . wadi - day a dry creek bed of SMALL gully and bolder . as the legion company cross , two legionnaire spot a water hole . legiononare l'eau ! Water ! wasser ! delirious from the heat and thirst , a few men drop they kit , rush the water hole with they bidon in hand . other join in , charge the hole en masse . steinkampf and Lt. charlier do nothing to stop the mad rush . steinkampf ( to legros ) Post sentries . mackintosh survie the steep rocky bank of the creek -bed . he notice that the sentire be only cover one area . mackintosh this be a riduclous ! someone need to talk some sense into this blast idiot . mackintosh strut toward the Lieutenant and steinkampf . mackintosh resolutely approach he command officer . he salute speak in a distinctive , respectful tone . mackintosh sergeant - chef , we be vulnerable . might I suggest sentries on high ground ? steinkampf glare at mackintosh . Lt. charlier , suffer from sun-stroke , turn he attention onto mackintosh . steinkampf ah , we military expert . lieutenant charlier ( overlap ) he 's right , sergeant - chef . we be naked out here . steinkampf salute , grudgingly acknowledge the order . the Lieutenant turn , saunter to the water hole . steinkampf ( to mackintosh ) very well English , unpack the heavy machine - gun . take it to you high ground . oh , and by the way you and you comrade will be the last to take water . steinkampf march off . shoulder they weapon , luther grimace at mackintosh as they climb up to the top of the embankment ... luther thanks , mack . Hell , I do not mind drinkin ' mud for the next couple day . mackintosh better mud than blood . deplete , Alain 's trudge toward the water hole with guido across he shoulder . he gently release guido from he back . chapter 12 : battle at a oasis ------------------------------ gunshot ring out . Alain race for safety behind a boulder , and release guido . mackintosh look over he shoulder . mackintosh Pov of a legionnaire hit by a bullet . slow -motion of a second bullet rip a hole through the man 's shoulder ... another bullet blow out he chest , drive he to the ground . riff charge over the top of a ridge , fire rifle and howling a war cry . riff ya illah lah ! ya illah lah ! mackintosh and luther dive for cover , search in vain . bullet whistle overhead , force they down . pandemonium reign among the surprised legionnaire . more howling riff , armed with scimitar sword pour over the ridge . Alain grab a rifle off of one of the dead legionnaire . just as he 's about to leave , guido in a semi-unconscious state , grab onto Alain . alain you be safe here . keep down . guido no , I want to fight . alain just stay here , guido . Alain run off to a better fight position . steinkampf , bruner , Glock and a few other scurry for fight position behind boulder or in gully . a gunshot belt Lt. charlier off he foot . he splashes backwards into the muddy water . a riff finish he with a scimitar . blood seep into the water . a SMALL group of riff horsemen swoop through the wadi . they kill off the mule train guard , stampede the animal through the wadi . mackintosh & luther hurriedly situate the lewis gun to its tripod . luther what the hell 's goin ' on . they be all over we . mackintosh if they choose to , they could wipe we out . my bet be , they be after the mule carry the ammunition . steinkampf fire at the riff horseman , attempt to halt they steal the suppies . mackintosh open fire with the lewis gun . luther take shot at the riff with he rifle . riff spasm and drop from the steady stream of machine - gun FIRE . luther nudge mackintosh , point in a direction . mackintosh Pov : whip to Alain , cut down another scream riff . luther ( shouting ) Alain ! over here ! mackintosh swing the lewis , cover Alain on he way to the water hole . he empty the magazine . luther scramble to reload . two riff spin around in the water hole , charge Alain with scimitar hold high . Alain fire , blow the first riff back into the water hole . he squeeze he trigger , click a empty weapon . the second riff charge forward , swinging he scimitar . Alain duck , belting the riff in the groin . Alain finish he , smash he rifle butt down on the riff 's head . more riff charge Alain from the rear . they be blown -away by a shower of machine - gun bullet . mackintosh rain a hailstorm of lead into Alain 's attacker . Alain race to the chatellerault rifle . he balance it on a dead legionnaire , fire at the riff . Alain , mackintosh and luther single - handedly stave off the attack . interlocking FIRE , they spew a steady stream of hot lead . the battle draw to a end , as the riff retreat . steinkampf leap to he foot , shoot at the retreate riff . a riff horseman charge at he with a raise scimitar from the rear . suddenly , the riff horseman be blast out of he saddle . steinkampf look in the direction of the gunshot that save he . barely stand , guido hold a smoking rifle . a smile cross he face , proud to have save he commanding officer ... a gunshot explode be guido 's chest , belting he into the air . reaction shot : of mackintosh , luther and Alain from they various position of guido be hit . ext . wadi - aftermath of attack - later steinkampf and legros strut through the area , surve they loss . twenty man dead , another five wounded . steinkampf , trudge through the water , bump into something . he glance down at the bobbling , bell - up body of lt . charlier . Alain , surround by mackintosh and luther , crouch by guido . Alain remove Anna 's picture from guido 's pocket . steinkampf approach , hover over Alain and guido . alain ( to steinkampf ) at least he die a legionnaire . steinkampf yes , I be not give to sentiment . he do prove himself a legionnaire , but so do nineteen other , brave , young man who die for we today . let move on . chapter 13 : the fort in the desert ---------------------------------- ext . fort bernelle - morning a lookout in the watchtower turn from he post , shouting into the fort below . the heavy wooden gate swing open ... steinkampf lead he exhaust and wounded platoon into the fort . legros bring up the rear guard mackintosh , luther and Alain , with they wrist tie behind they back . angle on : the platoon member ... bruner ... glock ... mackintosh ... luther ... alain , all aghast , defeated or crushed by the fort 's condition . a decrepit fortress ... rotted or destroyed high crenellate wall with mended ladder ... weak scaffold lead up to fight position along the battlement ... the fort 's inhabitant -- twenty additional , sickly gaunt legiononare with grim feature -- turn away from they repair work gawk at steinkampf 's platoon as they enter the fort . capitaine rousselot , the fort 's commander , walk through the courtyard greeting steinkampf and rag platoon . steinkampf offer a salute . the platoon straggle into the courtyard in the bg . capitaine rousselot I be expect a full company . where 's you commanding officer ? steinkampf lose during a ambush . captaine rousselot raise a eyebrow , scan the exhaust company . capitaine rousselot along with the ammo and supplies , so it seem . legros push mackintosh , luther and Alain away from the platoon , head to steinkampf and rousselot . rousselot 's attention shift to legros , mackintosh , luther and Alain . he turn to steinkampf for a explanation . capitaine rousselot ( cont 'd ) deserter ? steinkampf insubordination . capitaine rousselot put they on work detail , immediately . capitaine rousselot strut off , leave steinkampf . fort bernelle - front gate - later Alain , mackintosh and luther walk through the heavy wooden door to the front of the fort . deep in think , Alain touch he gold cross . luther you do all you could for guido . you give he a second chance . mackintosh and what do guido do with it . he save steinkampf . luther steinkampf . CUT to : ext . fort bernelle - fort perimeter - day Alain , mackintosh and luther , drench in sweat , work under a blaze sun construct a barb - wire fence outside the fort 's front gate . luther insubordination my ass . what kinda crazy army be this . alain a french one . luther ( refer to steinkampf ) I should have shot that fool when I have the chance . mackintosh with you aim ? Alain take a swig from he water bottle and hand it to mackintosh . alain what be you complain about ? at least we have get water . mackintosh take a drink , pass it onto luther . mackintosh and without mud . steinkampf must be get a soft spot for we . ext . fort bernelle - courtyard - day later a large platoon of fresh legiononare march through the gate . they sergeant bark order , form they up . a mule train with ammo and supplies trail in behind the platoon . captaine rousselot and steinkampf march through the courtyard to greet the reinforcement . rousselot take the opportunity to take a dig out of steinkampf . capitaine rousselot how fortunate for we , at least this platoon get through the riff . steinkampf they be probably too busy ambush my man to notice . capitaine rousselot ( side glance steinkampf ) you man , like yourself sergeant - chef seem to breed insubordination . steinkampf how dare you . I ask you to withdrawl that . capitaine rousselot ( cont 'd ) not in a lifetime . have they unload the supplies . int . fort bernelle - ammo storehouse - same time legros keep a eye on Alain , luther and mackintosh as they unpack ammo crate from mule and carry they into the ammo storehouse . the reinforcement break formation in the bg . luther ( refer to reinforcement ) poor fool . legros you three , unload the ammo . mackintosh ( under he breath ) what there be of it . Alain remove a crate from one of the mule . his eye go wide . alain be Pov : viktor and julot mull about the courtyard with the reinforcement . simultaneously , viktor see Alain . he sadistically glare at Alain run he finger down he cheek , indicate that Alain be a dead man . chapter 14 : hitmen ------------------ int . fort bernelle - canteen - day legionnaire at numerous table , play card , smoke cigarettes and bullshit . everyone drink cheap algerian pinard . mackintosh sit at a table with viktor , julot , bruner , Glock and buddy play card . bruner lay down a win hand , draw he winning to he side of the table . bruner ( gloat ) so , you do not always win English . a hand clamp onto julot 's shoulder . he look up . Alain smile down at he . alain mind if I join you ? Alain hop over the table , plopping down opposite of the viktor and julot . alain ( cont 'd ) ( to julot ) hey , it 's good to see a old face . even if it be as ugly as yours . viktor still the comedian . Alain look to viktor . alain ( to viktor ) we have be close , but never introduce ... Alain extend he hand . viktor fuck you . Alain grab viktor 's mug . he stand up , raise it in the air , bellow at the top of he lung . alain me amis ! I would like to introduce you to julot and fuck you . there 's mug raise and scattered laughter amongst the crowd . julot laugh while you can . Alain burst out laugh . the Germans wonder if Alain have go crazy ... alain ( cont 'd ) ( drop back into he seat ) you know , until today I think I be the stupidest bastard on earth , but you guy ... mackintosh scrutinizez Alain , try to figure out what 's up with he . viktor do not you want to know what happen to you litte bitch ? Alain face turn stone cold as he sit down . julot you will never know , Alain . viktor you be go die lover - boy , without ever know . Alain intensely glare at the viktor and julot . alain I want to thank you ... viktor and julot , curiously stare at Alain . alain ( cont 'd ) ... because when I join the legion I do not care if I live or die . Alain break into a know smile . alain ( cont 'd ) they say it 's a place where a man get a second chance . now that you have show up , I think I will stick around . chapter 15 : DAILY patrol ------------------------ ext . fort bernelle - courtyard - next day the bugler blow " le cay " as the french tricolor be hoist up the flagpole . the legion company stand on - line in morning formation with lebel rifle at they side . capitaine rousselot start today , we will be send out reconnaissance patrol on a daily basis . reading from a clipboard : steinkampf the follow legionnaire will step forward for today 's patrol . bruner ... d'esparbe ... duchamp ... bruner , julot and Alain step forward . the rest of the name be all part of bruner 's clique . steinkampf ehrhardt ... Glock ... junger ... klem . viktor step forward with the other . Alain get increasingly suspicious . luther and mackintosh glance to one another , worried . steinkampf pause for effect , toy with they . he lock eye with mackintosh , then check he clipboard again . steinkampf mack-in-tosh . Alain breathes a sigh of relief . mackintosh step forward , slapping Alain on the shoulder , join the patrol . legros section dismiss . the platoon fall out , except for luther . steinkampf ( to luther ) you have a probem with that ? look at I when I talk to you . luther glance at steinkampf . steinkampf ( cont 'd ) do not spoil you record . ext . desert - day legros lead the EIGHT -man recon patrol across a rocky , arid wasteland . Fort bernelle , a couple of mile to they rear , be barely visible in the bg . close up on : alain ... viktor ... julot ... clutch they rifle ... finger tense - up on triggers ... sweat run down they face ... boot trudge over the sandy , rocky terrain . mackintosh be behind Alain , watch he back . chapter 16 : betrayal of a friend -------------------------------- ext . riverbed - desert - day the patrol snake through the remain of a bone -dry river . legros , at the head of the patrol with Glock , raise he arm silently call a halt . the legionnaire crouch rest they weary body , but keep they rifle ready . legros signal to the rest of the patrol that he and Glock be go to scout the edge of the riverbank . legros and Glock quietly ascend the steep wall of the river . viktor make eye contact with julot . Alain , behind they , know what they be think -- there will not be a more opportune moment than right now . Alain 's finger tense on he trigger . he sweat profusely . he can hear he heart thumping . a riffle muzzle suddenly tap the back of Alain 's head . mackintosh ( o.s. ) Drop it . alain mack ? Alain slowly gape over he shoulder . Alain 's eye reflect pain and a mind-reel confusion . mackintosh the rifle , Alain . dumbfound , Alain ogle mackintosh as julot slide the rifle from he grasp . mackintosh I be sorry , old boy . this , for better or worse , appear to be my second chance . Alain shift he body , face mackintosh . alain why ? mackintosh money . alain what happen to look after you friend . mackintosh my father pay off all my debt . the disgrace nearly kill he . now , I have a chance to make my peace with he . alain be you the one who get to pull the trigger ? mackintosh my part be to deliver you and lead they out of the desert . Alain can not believe what he 's hearing . alain you take the word of this two that galgani can be trust ? viktor he have half the money , now ! galgani will honor the rest . alain honor ? chapter 17 : surprise attack --------------------------- gunshot in bg . Alain react , roll to he side . viktor and julot hit the sand . mackintosh remain upright , listen to its echo in the distance . another gunshot . and another . more echoes . everyone nervously dart glance , attempt to find the source of the gunfire ... footstep race over rocky soil . legros and Glock bolt down the bank of the river , accompany by more gunshot . legros allez ! on you foot ! vite ! vite ! a trio of armed riff on horseback charge over the embankment , chase legros and Glock . mackintosh level he rifle at a riff horseman . the riff fly off he horse . viktor , julot , and the rest of the patrol OPEN FIRE , bombard the riff horseman with a fusillade of bullet . legros ( cont 'd ) back to the fort ! trail they panicked caporal , the legionnaire sprint through the river . julot have alain' rifle sling over he shoulder . alain julot ! my rifle ! Alain outstretch he hand . julot hesitates , unsure ... a ominous riff war cry , crescendos in bg . more riff horsemen crest over the bank . they charge , firing rifle at the flee legionnaire . mackintosh for God 's sake , man ! throw he the bloody rifle ! julot toss Alain he rifle . Alain quickly shoulder it , aim , and fire ... a riff horseman be blast out of he saddle . the tail - end of the patrol , mackintosh , viktor , julot , and bruner follow Alain 's suit . they stop , turn , aim , and FIRE ... belting a few riff out of they saddle . but , more riff pour over the top ... a endless stream of howling , craze berber . alain let 's get the hell out of here ! Alain and julot glimpse at each other , realize that they be both on the same team . they bolt for they remain patrol member . bruner take a bullet in the leg . he stumble and fall . riff horsemen thunder towards he ... gleam scimitars hold high . Alain and julot notice he plight . they halt , firing off a couple round ... a few riff go down . bruner hobble , fall further behind . blood stream down he leg . another bullet tear a hole in he arm , knock he off - balance . he fall face down . Alain and julot decide not to tempt fate , they turn , sprinting toward the rest of patrol . bruner raise he face , see the riff horsemen converge upon he . he rest he chin on the barrel of he rifle , struggle to pull the trigger . his wounded arm make it impossible . a couple of riff leap off they horse with they long , curve knive . bruner attempt to pull the trigger with he one good arm ... a riff slice the german 's bicep , rendering that arm useless as well . ext . desert - day the legion patrol clear the riverbed . bruner' ungodly scream . ext . fort bernelle - watchtower - same time telephoto Pov : through binoculars of the remain reconnaissance patrol purse by a herd of riff horsemen . ehrhardt go down . the lookout drop he binoculars , yell into the courtyard . lookout riff horseman chase the patrol ! ext . fort bernelle - courtyard - day legiononare sprint with rifle in hand , take position along the battlement . noise and confusion run amok . steinkampf sergeant , to the west wall . capitaine rousselot corporal , man the battlement . corporal-chef yes , sir . luther dash up a ladder , climb towards a machine - gun position . echoing gunshot in the distance . ext . back to desert - day the patrol tear across the bleak landscape . a bullet explode through junger 's chest . he tumble into the dirt . ext . fort bernelle - battlement - day a bastion jut out from the line of the wall -- emplacement for the machine - gun . luther , frustrated , adjust the sight of a lewis machine -gun ... sweat pour down he forehead . luther c'mon ... c'mon , you be almost there ! luther' Pov : through the sight can not get a bead on the pursuing riff without endangering the patrol . luther ( cont 'd ) shit ! luther drag the machine - gun to another position . ext . back to desert - day Alain and the patrol scurry for they life , leg churn , arm pump . julot trip ... fall hard on he face . the riff get dangerously close . they howl for blood . scimitar hold aloft . two hand grab julot by the scuff of he shirt ... and pull he to he foot . julot look up ... alain and mackintosh be on either side of he ! slow -motion as a brief look pass between they . Alain and mackintosh pull julot along . alain' Pov : of Fort bernelle 's opened gate just a few hundred meter ahead . a riff horseman gallop up directly behind alain . he ready he scimitar , aim for Alain 's head . suddenly , the riff be blown into the air ! the entire front line of charging riff be immediately decimate by machine -gun bullet riddling they body ! ext . fort bernelle - battlement - day luther , in a new position , spew machine - gun bullet at the riff . steinkampf shout to all the legionnaire on he side of the battlement . steinkampf rapide Fire ! rapid Fire , legionnaire . the entire side of the fort face the riff attack open FIRE with a deadly barrage . a hailstorm of lead drop the riff in they track ... they turn and retreat , leave dead or dying men and horse litter across the desert floor . mackintosh , julot , viktor , legros and Alain dart through the gate . the heavy wooden door quickly slam behind they . int . fort bernelle - courtyard - day legros , and the remain patrol member barely catch they breath . capitaine rousselot be in they face , follow by steinkampf . capitaine rousselot how many casualty ?! mackintosh we lose junger , eharhardt and bruner . capitaine rousselot dismiss . the patrol member break up . steinkampf stand outside the Officer 's quarter with a corporal as rousselot move toward he in the bg . steinkampf ( to corporal ) I want a immediate report of the wounded . the corporal exit as rousselot approach steinkampf . steinkampf ( cont 'd ) what 's the situation ? capitaine rousselot Three dead . luther jog up to Alain and mackintosh as they leave the courtyard , head for a archway . luther I can not always be around to save you ass . luther pick up on the tension between Alain and mackintosh as the two man spit-up , walk in different direction . luther ( cont 'd ) ( to Alain ) what 's wrong with mack ? Alain avoid luther 's question , glaring at mackintosh as he strut off . luther ( cont 'd ) what the hell 's wrong with you ? ext . fort bernelle - dust establish shot of fort as the set sun creep over the sand dune . sentries peacefully stroll up and down the battlement int . fort bernelle - canteen - dawn the legionnaire sit at table eat breakfast ... drink coffee ... or smoking cigarettes . close -up : legionnaire ... luther ... mackintosh ... Alain deep in think . int . alain' apartment - flashback - night Quick cut of Katrina at the table lovingly gaze at Alain . int . fort bernelle - back to canteen Alain glance up at viktor and julot . lookout ( o.s. ) riff approach the fort . riff approach ! everyone race from the canteen into the courtyard and they fight position . ext . battlement - fort bernelle - morning steinkampf , legros , Alain , and mackintosh sprint up the step to the battlement . rousselot stay down in the courtyard direct legionaire to they fight position ... a mortar crew set-up next to he , prepare for the attack . ext . desert - same time thirty riff horsemen ride up a crest , halting in front of the fort . a thrilling war cry build from they voice join in unison . riff ya illah lah !! ya illah lah !! ext . fort bernelle - battlement edgy legionnaire stare into the desert . close ups : Alain , luther , mackintosh , legros , steinkampf ... luther who be they kid . they do not have a chance against we . do they mack ? mackintosh never underestimate they . alain ( refer to mackintosh ) or anyone else for that manner . a terrify legionnaire fire he rifle into the desert . he 's join by other . steinkampf hold you fire ! wait for the order ! steinkampf put the binoculars to he eye , scan the horizon . behind the horseman there appear to be movement by smaller group of foot soldier take up position . steinkampf lower he binocular . the unrelent chant of berber intensify in volume . ext . fort & desert - day the riff war chant mutate to a howling roar as the horseman charge with rifle point forward and sword hold high ! machine -gun situate along the crest - line spit bullet at the fort cover the advance horseman . ext . fort bernelle - battlement the legionnaire on the battlement OPEN FIRE ... a barrage of riff bullet zing over they head or smash into the harden mud brick wall . they intermittently duck behind the crenel in between rifle shot . steinkampf legionnaire , make every shot count . mackintosh shake behind the pounding lewis machine -gun . luther feed it with a ammo belt . bullet hit ricochet off they crenel , pelting they with sharp particle of debris . Alain stick the barrel of he rifle over the edge of the parapet , blast off shot . ext . fort bernelle - perimeter the riff machine -gunners take up closer position to cover there men . a SMALL group of riff infantry move in with they . firing at the fort . the riff machine -gunners cover the infantry and horsemen as they tear down the barb wire fencing in front of the fort or bring in ladder . a lone figure on horseback watch from a distance ... Abd -el krim slowly lower he binoculars , gaze at the fort . ext . fort bernelle - battlement bullet wound to the face pitch legiononare from the embrasure . the riff break through the barb-wire . luther guess we do not do too good a job with the barb wire . ext . fort bernelle - courtyard rousselot at the breech , see the riff advance through the barb wire with ladder . he race to the ammo storehouse , order legionnaire . capitaine rousselot grenade ! send up the grenade ! legionnaire race up to the battlement with crate of grenade . Alain step back look for another target . a legionnaire go down next to he . he quickly take cover , fire at the advance riff . ext . fort bernelle - bastion smoke rise from the Lewis ' over - worked barrel from mackintosh 's burst . a bullet ricochet off the crenel . hot metal shard strike mackintosh in a eye . mackintosh drop to the floor with he hand press against the wound , squelching the blood . luther mack ?! mackintosh ( grimace ) take over , yank ... luther , keep a hand on the ammo belt , grab the pistol - grip handle of the machine - gun and ... fire away single -handedly . ext fort bernelle - courtyard a mortar crew in the courtyard drop explosive shell down the mouth of a mortar tube , fire over the wall . ext . fort bernelle - perimeter mortar shell take out advance riff horseman . riff foot soldier race to the Fort 's front gate . they light satchel bomb , hand they off the riff horseman ... the inspire riff horseman race alongside the fort throw satchel bomb over the wall . riff foot soldier continue to ignite satchel bomb , whirling they into the air . satchel bomb in mid-air fly over the Fort 's wall . ext . fort bernelle - battlement steinkampf trail the satchel bomb enter into the fort . he see that the attack be on the front gate . steinkampf ( to rousselot ) Front gate ! they be weaken the gate . ext . fort bernelle - courtyard rousselot race to the front gate . a satchel bomb fly through air , landing near the mortar crew . rousselot push one of the crew member out of the way . capitaine rousselot get down ! rousselot grab onto the satchel bomb . he take a few step away from the crew member , raise he arm to toss the bomb and ... kahboom ! ext . fort bernelle - perimeter frenzied riff charge the the fort with ladder ... frantically ignite ... and whirl satchel bomb at the fort . a full on satchel bomb attack , fill the air with the deadly explosive Alain glance over the embrasure . alain they be head for the wall ! he continue to fire , blasting bullet . other legiononare leave they crenel . they sprint to the embrasure , ... join Alain with he attack . ext . fort bernelle - outer wall riff raise a ladder , scale the wall to a shattered area . ext . fort bernelle - battlement two sword - wielding riff step inside . steinkampf shoot they with he pistol . Alain race down battement to back - up steinkampf . a satchel bomb take out one of the machine - gun , kill it 's gunners . steinkampf dart for a shattered wall . riff ladder hit against the exterior wall ... more riff scale the wall with satchel bomb , take out legionnaire . Alain run down the battlement , thrust the riff ladder away from the fort . mortar shell fly over the head of the legionnaire into the riff . steinkampf struggle with the riff ladder , attempt to push it from the wall . a bullet hit he in the shoulder . Alain chuck a grenade over the wall ... it explode , scatter the riff -filled ladder to the ground . another satchel bomb hit the ammo storeroom , set off a massive explosion in the courtyard . ext . fort bernelle - perimeter - dusk smoke from the ammo explosion cast a black cloud against the red hue of the sunset . excite riff pull back , retreate into the desert . ext . fort bernelle - battlement - same time luther help mackintosh , with a crude bandage around he wounded eye , down the stair . luther told ya , the good guy always win . mackintosh not without ammo . chapter 18 : a messenger ----------------------- ext . fort bernelle - courtyard or int . fort bernelle - canteen / infirmary a eerie stillness settles over the fort , punctuate by the cry and moan of the wounded or die . luther and mackintosh wait in line with the wounded for the doctor ... Alain , shouder steinkampf , enter from the bg . steinkampf how you do , English ? mackintosh stiff upper lip , sergeant - chef . I will pull through . steinkampf what rank be you in you british army ? mackintosh ( after a short hesitation ) Captain . of infantry . Alain and luther share a surprised look . steinkampf well , as of now , you be a sergeant in the legion . I expect a full report on the damage and how much ammo survive in a twenty minute . have the surgeon come to my quarter when he 's finish with the wounded . aware of the burden , mackintosh hesitates ... and salute , accept the commission . mackintosh yes sir , sergeant - chef . steinkampf nod to Alain , indicate to move on ... he stop , glance back at mackintosh . steinkampf sergeant , I be spare with compliment . but , the man have do well . could you tell they ? mackintosh perhaps , they would like to hear it from you . steinkampf tense , strutting off . ext . fort bernelle - battlement - twilight Alain take a moment to himself , pace the battlement . he slowly glimpsis into the desert . alain' Pov : riff campfire intermittently place along the entire horizon surround the fort . int . fort bernelle - canteen - later that night a deadly silence permeate the room . Alain and luther , at a table with other survive legionnaire , eat soup and drink coffee . take he new rank to heart , mackintosh move through the room , clap man on the back , give they courage . luther " Captain of infantry , " huh ? fit he like a new set of thread . mackintosh at viktor 's and julot 's table . he place a foot on a chair , rest he elbow on he knee . alain ( look up from soup bowl ) it 's what 's inside a man that count . luther be surprised by Alain 's statement . Alain avoid a confrontation , return to he meal . luther do not be jealous , Alain . mack deserve it . ( glance to mackintosh ) he know what he 's doin' . ( back to Alain ) I will tell ya this , I feel a whole lot better now that he 's runnin ' the sho ' . I bet 'ya he 's already do figure out how the hell we be get outta here . mackintosh , with a eye patch , step up . luther jokingly throw a salute . Alain be non-responsive . mackintosh smile slightly , then harden he expression . mackintosh we need to talk . CUT to : int . fort bernelle - officer quarter map and foreign legion regalia on the surround wall . steinkampf , with he arm in a sling , sit in the bat surveying mackintosh 's mastery . mackintosh without ammo we will not last another day . ( point to map ) there 's a open area between two of the riff 's campsite . we only hope be to contact Fort corbiere for reinforcement . alain ( suspicious ) let I guess , we be the volunteer . steinkampf just the neg ... ( catch himself ) ... private Williams can pass for a native . they eye sail to luther . alain it 's suicide ! steinkampf there 's another legionnaire who speak berber . we have clothing from the riff prisioner . while it 's dark the two of you will infiltrate past they line . mackintosh it 's the only chance we have get ... ( to luther ) you know I would go with you if I could . alain do not do it , luther . mackintosh flash a glare at Alain , pull rank . mackintosh ( to luther ) I be sorry , but there be no alternative . ext . fort bernele - later that night establish shot of the fort against a star light sky . ext . fort bernelle - canteen - same time luther , lean against a wall , sit with Alain play he harmonica . dress in a jelabbah robe with he uniform underneath , luther wail a wistful rendition of " swing low , sweet chariot . " luther stop play . it 's a uncomfortable moment . luther I come here to find a life and I realize I be look in the wrong place . it 's not out here , it 's a inside job . ( face Alain ) I do not know what happen out there on that patrol , but I do know some kind - a - shit come down between you and mack . alain now , be not the time . luther and it 's really none of my God damn business !... ( ease up ) look , all I got - to say , be nothin ' mean shit in this world ' xceptin ' how we feel ' bout ourselves and each other . Alain 's not go for it . luther ( cont 'd ) look , we be all brother out here , whether you like it or not . whatever mack 's do , when the time come he will be there for ya . luther shoot a look at Alain , indicate " get it ! " alain ( crack a forlorn smile ) watch you back . mackintosh approach from the bg . mackintosh ( to luther ) it 's time to go . luther glance up at mackintosh . he and Alain rise as mackintosh exit . luther hand Alain he harmonica . luther hold on to this . can not chance losin ' it . luther load a revolver and stuff it in he clothing . he hold up a single bullet for Alain 's inspection . luther ( nervous smile ) for my pocket . they tightly grip each other 's arm , lock eye ... and exit through the door . fort bernelle - courtyard mackintosh , steinkampf and the other volunteer watch the legionnaire pull back a wagon , expose a small open in the wall . luther and Alain enter from bg . luther place a burnoose on he head . he nod at mackintosh , imply he 's ready . mackintosh shake luther 's hand . unable to deal with it , mackintosh let go , darting he eye downward . steinkampf ( to luther ) good luck . luther ( to steinkampf ) for y'all infomation , sergeant - chef . ( proud ) it 's nigger ! not neger . luther wink at Alain and mackintosh , slip through the open behind the other volunteer . luther turn back to face Alain and mackintosh . he salute , wave off he friend as the wagon cut off they view . Alain grit he tooth , hold back he emotion . mackintosh step up beside he . mackintosh this be the part I never have the stomach for . send they out there , when you know damn well what they chance be . alain ( side -glance mackintosh ) you could have fool I . Alain walk off , leave mackintosh with he thought . CUT to : ext . fort bernelle - dawn legionnaire scurry throughout the fort . they repair the damaged area ... salvage ammo and ... ration bullet . the gray light of dawn seep into the sky ... Alain , lean against a wall , finger he gold cross . dissolve to : int . alain' apartment - flashback - night same night of earlier love scene . propped against a headboard , Alain cradle Katrina in he arm underneath bed cover . Katrina unfasten she gold chain and cross . she place it around Alain 's neck , attach its lock . katrina I can not watch you in the ring . it pain my heart to see you hurt . wear this to know that I be always with you . Katrina gently touch Alain 's lip . she smile , gaze into he eye and lean in to kiss he . dissolve to : ext . fort bernelle - same time Alain drop the cross , glance throughout the fort . alain be Pov : mackintosh pace along the wall , scan the desert . viktor and julot sit off by themselves . viktor sharpen he bayonet . julot flick a cigarette stub into the courtyard . he reach into he pocket for another one , find a empty pack . a figure cast a shadow across they . alain hold out a cigarette . julot stare at Alain ... Alain wave the cigarette , make a face that say , " come on , take it . " julot relent , reach for the smoke . Alain strike a wooden match on the wall . he hold it for julot to light he smoke . alain be she alive ? viktor we already tell you asshole , you be go to you grave without ever know . Alain keep he gaze on julot as he light a cigarette for himself . alain ( to julot ) we be all gonna die here today . Alain take a drag off he smoke . he probe deep into julot 's eye . alain ( cont 'd ) think about it , julot . do you want to die as a champ or a servant . a moment of truth between the two man . julot examine Alain , consider what he have say . Alain exit , leave julot to he conflict . chapter 19 : capture friend --------------------------- ext . fort bernelle - battlement - later that morning retrospective , Alain pace the battlement ... as if sense something , he slowly look up and into the desert . Alain 's eye widen in disbelief . alain ( under he breath ) luther . ext . desert - same time luther , in he legionnaire uniform , walk between two sand dune toward the fort . although it appear as if he have make it , something be not quite right . suddenly , riff horseman ride up behind he . simultaneously , luther be jerk to the ground . the riff horseman dismount , prepare to torture luther . a gunshot ring out , take down one of the riff . more riff ride into frame from bg . the riff take off , gallop across the desert drag luther . ext . fort bernelle - battlement Alain face harden , overcome by a terrible rage . a rifle shot go off next to Alain . he turn to see who 's shoot . julot , next to Alain , glance over and nod at Alain . the two man fire at luther 's attacker , as other legionnaire join they . chapter 20 : the last battle --------------------------- ext . desert the riff halt they horse , form a circle around luther . luther , half - dead and bloody , slowly raise himself to he knee ... a riff horseman raise he scimitar above luther 's head . a rifle shot blast the riff from he horse . luther' Pov : of Alain aim he rife in he direction . luther , with plead eye , stare in Alain 's direction . luther make it quick , brother . Alain 's rifle shot be a direct hit to the heart , end luther 's suffer . ext . fort bernelle - battlement Alain , hold a smoking rifle , slowly lower it gaze into the desert ... everything go still around he . a powerful boom spew a red-orange flash , hurtle a shell toward the fort ... it fly above Alain 's head , explode in the courtyard behind he . ext . fort bernelle several shell fly over the battlement ... explosion rock the different area of the fort ... legionnaire scramble for shelter . another explosion hit the flagpole , rocketing the Fort 's flag into the courtyard . ext . desert - riff artillery position riff cannon blast shell with a full on artillery attack on the fort . abd -el krim watch , through binocular , as he artillery lay waste to the fort . ext . fort bernelle - courtyard a group of legionnaire run for shelter . a riff shell land on top of they , hurl the man into the air . ext . fort bernelle - battlement explosion blow hole through the wall ... legionnaire scramble for they life ... other be flung into the air from direct hit ... or badly wounded by fly debris . mackintosh leave he machine - gun position , lead legionnaire to shelter area . Glock , double over from be wounded . Alain hoist he over he shoulder . alain do not worry , I will get you to the infirmary . Alain race down the battlement , dodging explosion past mackintosh 's empty machine - gun position ... just after he cross it , another riff shell hit the machine - gun pitching it into the courtyard . ext . desert abd-el krim circle he arm in the air , motion to he calvary . trilling riff horsemen charge across the desert toward the fort ... they break - up into three group . one group take sniper position , cover the other two group , as they head to fort' front gate and breech area . ext . fort bernelle - courtyard Alain , carry Glock , race through a aftermath of explosion . he cross the legionnaire mortar crew , who furiously load and shoot shell over the fort 's wall . pin down legionnaire huddle in shelter area . wound or dead soldier lay outside the over - crowd infirmary . Alain place Glock next to it 's door , discover that he 's dead . Alain reach for two rifle , sprinting back into the courtyard . ext . fort bernelle - outside gate area riff horseman quickly dismount . they set - up charge by the front gate . riff sniper in the fg. , keep they man cover as they ignite the charge . ext . fort bernelle - battlement steinkampf wave toward the front gate . legionnaire race across battlement . mackintosh bring up the rear . steinkampf the gate ! they be go for the front gate . legionnaire plummet into the courtyard from riff sniper bullet . steinkampf ( cont 'd ) take position . legionnaire crouch down behind wall , shoot at the riff sniper ... mackintosh motion to a few man . mackintosh follow I . squatte along the battlement , mackintosh and man continue to move toward the front gate . ext . fort bernelle - outside breech area the second group of riff horseman quickly mount they horse as one of they comrade dash along the area ignite charge . ext . fort bernelle - outside front gate riff horsemen scamper for cover on either side of the front gate . kahboom !... the Front gate explode , splintering into a million piece . ext . fort bernelle - courtyard kahboom !... the breech area explode , pelting debris ... sandbag ... and the fort 's wall into the courtyard , hurl legionnaire , through the air . a riff shell scream through the sky , landing into the rear tower . kahboom !... brick explode , shower the courtyard and blast a legionnaire into the desert . the mortar Crew run out of shell . ext . desert abd-el krim send runner to he cannoneer ... the cannoneer cease the artillery attack . abd-el krim motion to various position across the horizon . a massive charge of craze , trilling riff foot soldier race toward the fort from every direction ... a second group of infantry step into position behind the charge mass , wait for they order ... more riff horsemen follow the charge infantry . ext . fort bernelle - courtyard riff infantry and horseman charge through the front gate . riff pour through the breech area . the courtyard become a battlefield of hand to hand combat ... scimitar against bayonets ... and gunshot from every direction . legros gallantly shoot and bayonet riff soldier ... he notice a group of riff horsemen charge into the ... int . fort bernelle - infirmary the riff horseman ride through the room ... jump over bed ... shoot wounded ... and wreck havoc . legros enter , fire off several round . he take down all , but one of the horseman who ride up behind he . legros quickly pivot with he bayonet , knock the riff 's scrimitar out of he hand . with all of he might , legros grab onto the mount riff . the two wrestle amongst one another . the riff kick legros , force he backwards . the riff snap he wrist , sailing a knife through the air . thunk ... legros gape down at the knife lodge into he chest . he waver ... and fall face down onto the ground . ext . fort bernelle - courtyard Alain furiously crack off shot at the advance riff . he run out of ammunition . throw away he rifle , he grab another rifle from a dead legionnaire and resume fight . steinkampf , on the stair , be a solidary fight machine . riff after riff go down from he rifle shot ... when he run out of bullet , he quickly grab another rifle and keep fire . the riff keep come , back steinkampf up the stair . his rifle click empty ... Alain notice steinkampf 's predicament . Alain cover steinkampf empty he rifle . it give steinkampf the opportunity to pull out he pistol . a scream riff draw Alain attention . he duck , side -stepping out of the way ... and swing he rifle butt into the riff . meanwhile , steinkampf run out of bullet . he glare at a advance riff , know that he 's face death . the riff sneer at steinkampf as he creep up the stair . Alain finish he riff off with a deadly blow to the head . he glance up at steinkampf . alain be Pov : steinkampf proudly accept he fate ... several gunshot rivet steinkampf ' body , tumble he down the stair . panicked legionnaire clamber for ammunition , grab rifle from fall comrade ... other resort to hand to hand combat . mackintosh , on the battlement , throw grenade as more and more riff pour into the courtyard . Alain and julot find themselves fight next to each other . when one run out of ammo , the other toss either a rifle or pistol to one another . julot oh , by the way I do not take a fall . you beat I on you own . they get back into a corner as the never -ending inflow of riff continue to charge ... julot swing to he leave , take on several riff as Alain search for another rifle . julot bayonet a riff ... and rip the riff rifle from he hand as he go down . he pivot in Alain 's direction , toss the rifle at Alain . julot Alain ... Alain dive for the rife , leave julot open ... julot take a bullet mean for Alain . he gape at Alain ... and plummet to the ground . from the ground , Alain gaze at julot 's fall body . he notice that julot fall next to one of the machine -gun . Alain roll over the ground , ducking bullet , to the machine - gun . he quickly position it , blasting bullet into the riff . ext . desert - day abd-el krim scrutinize the attack on the fort . chapter 21 : to the last man stand ------------------------------------ ext . fort bernelle - courtyard a odd satchel bomb fly over the fort 's wall onto the battlement next to mackintosh ... kahboom . the scaffold collapse , cover mackintosh in rubble . Alain swing he machine - gun , take out the last of the riff . Alain look around , discover himself amongst a pile of corpse ... steinkampf lay on the stair under a pile of riff body ... julot face down on the ground ... and mackintosh half - bury beneath the collapsed scaffolding . deplete , Alain crumble to he knee ... viktor slip out of hide place , walk up to he . Alain do not have the energy to fight viktor as he aim gun to Alain 's head . mackintosh bruise and bloody drag himself from under the rubble . he reach inside he pocket for he single bullet . mackintosh Pov : Alain nod to viktor , succumb to he fate ... mackintosh shaking hand load he last bullet into a revolver . Alain slowly look up . alain viktor , just tell I . Katrina , be she okay ? viktor cock the trigger , aim the pistol at Alain 's head . viktor ( with a sardonic smile ) you will never know . blam ! a bullet slam into viktor 's head , knock he down . Alain pivot ... mackintosh weakly smile at Alain . chapter 22 : the last bullet --------------------------- Alain rush to mackintosh , kneel besides he . mackintosh could not let it happen that way , old man . not by he hand . the two man gaze at one another with a mutual admiration . mackintosh pick up on the stillness . mackintosh ( cont 'd ) ( refer to riff infantry ) they will be here soon . Alain slowly rise . he scan the remain of the fort . death and destruction ... Alain look down at he uniform . he brushes off the dust , straighten himself up . mackintosh , onto Alain , smile up at he from the ground . mackintosh ( cont 'd ) listen , if by some miracle you get out of this , ... close on : mackintosh , give Alain a sly wink . mackintosh ( cont 'd ) ... will you do I a favor ? give a kiss to you Katrina for I . Alain reach into he pocket , toss he single bullet to mackintosh . he give mackintosh a nod and turn away ... a gunshot ring out . Alain take one last look at mackintosh . he notice mackintosh 's book of poetry , on the ground next to he dead body . Alain pick up the book , walk toward the fort 's front gate . along the way he see the fort' tatter flag lay on the ground and crouch down next to it . Alain dig a hole in the ground . he retrieve guido' picture of anna and luther' harmonica from he pocket . he place they , along with mackintosh poetry book , into the hole and gingerly cover they with dirt . Alain pick up the fort' flag and proudly march through the gate , meeting he fate with dignity . chapter 23 : spare ------------------ ext . desert & fort - day the riff army cautiously advance toward the decimate fort . ext . riff artillery position - day abd-el krim look through binoculars . he jerk away from they , surprised and ... go back to peer through glass . abd -el krim' Pov through binoculars : a lone figure walk through the fort 's gate . ext . desert - day bewildere , the riff front line halt ... they raise rifle . haunting harmonica rendition of " Le boudin . " ennobled , Alain pick up he pace , parade closer to riff 's front line ... close on : alain . he tighten he jaw , reacting to the gunshot . guido ( v.0 . ) when guido come home , they will see . guido will be a hero ! Worthy of they Anna . nervous riff marksmen sight down Alain . luther ( v.0 . ) all I got - to say , be nothin ' mean shit in this world ' xpectin ' how we feel ' bout ourselves and each other . nothing phase Alain . he remain focus , delving deep into the heart of the riff army . mackintosh ( v.o. ) " from little town in a far land we come , to save we honour and a world aflame " sweat riff squeeze they triggers , trail Alain 's movement ... voice ( o.s. ) { hold you fire ! } abd-el krim ride he horse past the marksman , stop in front of Alain . close on : abd -el krim scrutinize Alain . riff marksmen itching to pull they triggers . abd-el krim hold up he hand , indicate for he man to lower they weapon . they obey they leader 's command . a ungodly hush overtake the desert ... a gentle wind and slight flapping of robe . Alain squint at the regal towering riff , backlit by the high noon SUN ... abd-el krim slowly sweep he outstretch hand over the desert . a distinct English speak voice with a slight accent calmly emanate from the riff leader . abd -el krim for century my people have roam across this land . it have always be we home ... abd-el krim face Alain . abd -el krim ( cont 'd ) ... in we culture , a man who have courage be value above all . for this reason , I will allow you to live . abd-el krim re-adjust himself in the saddle . abd -el krim ( cont 'd ) we will not give up the land of we father . what we demand be freedom , peace and respect . take a message to you politician . abd-el krim point to the annihilate fort in bg . abd -el krim ( cont 'd ) this be what await they , if they continue invade we country . abd-el krim spin he horse around , signal for a turn -around to he man . he gallop he horse through he infantry . the riff fall in behind he , trail a dust cloud . match dissolve to : int . " le poivrot " - new year eve 1926 - night a scruffy and hell - ride Alain -- dress in denim and a long pea - coat -- enter through the front door . a party atmosphere in full swing . the room be decorate with balloon and streamer . drunk guest wear paper hat , blow on horn or twirl party favor . loud music . as he cross the hat check girl , she break into a know grin . Alain move through the crowded room with a focus and determine gaze to galgani 's table . int . " le poivrot " - galgani be table - continuous galgani , Katrina , and three couple turn they attention to Alain tower over they . shock , Katrina gape at Alain . katrina ( under she breath ) Alain ?! alain ( to Katrina ) I be not ask you to forgive I . and I do not expect anything for the future . galgani ( overlap ) what future ? alain let Katrina speak for herself . galgani rise , wave he arm toward the hallway . galgani perhaps a little privacy . why do not we step into my office . Alain raise a outstretch arm , aim he legionnaire pistol at galgani . the orchestra stop play . a hush silence the club . alain we do it here . galgani scrutinize Alain , realize that he be a different man . galgani very brave of you , Mr. lefevre . ( ease down in the booth ) if that be what you wish . alain no , it 's about Katrina 's wish . and the freedom to make she own choice . ( or ) freedom to do as she please . uneasy , Katrina side glance between the two man . alain ( cont 'd ) ( to galgani ) give she you word . galgani 's eye narrow , unsure of Alain 's next move . galgani ( a slight nod ) Fine . Alain probe deep into galgani . alain I have have it with kill . Alain toss he pistol onto the table . alain ( cont 'd ) a gift from La legion . Alain face Katrina , draw all he can of she into he be . alain ( cont 'd ) you be free . fixate on Alain , Katrina 's eye widen . Katrina be Pov : of she cross around Alain 's neck . her eye drift up to ... Alain pivot , walk away . galgani glance at the gun . Katrina , pick up on he thought , reach for the gun . he pull it out of she reach . katrina ( disgust ) you bastard ! Katrina rush to Alain , walk alongside . craze , galgani stand with the gun aim at Alain 's back . shock and appal , the crowd gasp . galgani she 's mine . gun hammer cocking ... Katrina shoot Alain a panicked look . unaffect , Alain do not break they stride . galgani no one can have she . galgani squeeze the trigger ... click ... click ... click ... click ... click ... Alain glance over to Katrina with a cool grin . alain ( cont 'd ) something I learn in the legion ... Alain toss a bullet into the air . alain ( cont 'd ) ... always keep you last bullet in you pocket . katrina you bastard . Alain give Katrina a wink . they smile at each other , strolling through the club . ext . train station - night the train's brake steam cast a mist across the platform . a group of scruffy recruit lead by a legionnaire corporal -chef march down the platform . corporal-chef allez !... raus swine !... stay in formation . Alain trail the recruit movement as they pass . corporal -chef ( cont 'd ) vite !... March you scum !... March or die ! alain' Pov : the recruit dissappear into darkness , leave a empty platform . luther ( v.o. ) yessire , that 's what keep a man livin ' ... Alain shift he eye to the opposite end of the empty station . alain be Pov : a lone figure walk through the mist , revealing Katrina carry a suitcase . luther ( cont 'd ) ...he 's got - to have a dream . Alain and Katrina meet in the center of the platform . a wistful smile cross between they . Alain take hold of she suitcase , slip he hand into Katrina 's . they walk to the train , climb up its step . fade out the end