legion written by Peter schink &amp ; Scott Stewart 10.31.07 final draft title over black " come , ye child , listen to I . I will teach you the fear of the lord . " psalm 34:11 the mojave desert - dusk vast. barren . no sign of life . a blood red SUN be sink behind the distant mountain . the unbearable heat will soon become a unbearable cold . a young woman' voice . solemn . weary . determined . woman' voice when I be a little girl , my mother would remind I each night before bed to be sure to open my heart to God , for he be kind , merciful and just . thing change after my father leave a few year later , leave she to raise I and my brother alone in a little place out on the edge of the mojave Desert . she never talk about a kind and merciful God again . instead she speak of a prophecy . of a time when all the world would be cover in darkness and the fate of mankind would be decide . one night I finally get up the courage to ask my mother why God have change , why be he mad at he child . " I do not know , " she say , tucking the cover around I , " I guess he just get tired of all the bullshit . " and with this word the last trace of sunlight be snuffed out , leave we in : darkness ... a darkness fill with the sound of siren , glass shatter , sporadic gunfire ...a CITY falling into chaos . title : " Los Angeles , December 23rd - 1:02 a.m . " a blood red moon reflect in a greasy puddle of water . might just be the smog that 's make it that ominous color . then we notice something move in the reflection . a dark shape , grow , come down at we fast . beat ... then wham ! two black boot land hard in the water ... and we be in : 2 . ext . a alley way - late night a dark figure in a tatter trench coat tumble onto the pavement , hand out to slow the impact . a beat then slowly he climb to he foot , recover from what seem to have be quite a fall . he have chisele feature , shave head , deep - set eye . look like he 's be through one hell of a fight . his name , we will come to know , be michael . he quickly check out he surroundings , nothing but brick wall above he . where would this guy jump from ? a rumble of thunder ... then rain start to hammer down . seem to motivate he . Michael pull he overcoat tight around he body and dash toward the mouth of the alley . he reach the STREET just in time to see a fleet of police car tear around the corner , siren wailing , head this way . he reel back into the alley way , duck down behind a trash dumpster , as the blue and red light of the police car whip past . Michael wait for the light to disappear , then he pull a massive ornate knife from he jacket . consider it grimly . run he finger along its edge . blood bead up . razor sharp . Michael begin to peel off he overcoat , revealing he bare chest underneath ... and skin literally cover with dark tatoos . hard to see what they be in this light . as he coat fall to the ground , we drift over to the brick wall behind he where we see michael' shadow crouch over , and then ... ... two large shape unfold from he back , stretching up into what be unmistakably ... the shadow of wing . the rain pound harder , as if punishment from the heaven . the glint of the knife come down fast . a horrendous SOUND of flesh tearing away from bone ... ... the bloody knife clatter to the pavement ... ... followed by michael' ungodly scream rising up from the alley way . and then silence ... close on the gutter , as blood begins to flow freely , mixing , swirling with the rain ... 3. ext . CITY STREET - a short while later Michael , face tight with pain , trench coat back on , step out of the alley , stare with determination at a dark storefront across the street . " gun &amp ; sport world " int . gun &amp ; sport world - a short while later cavernous . a costco for survivalist . quiet except for the sound of rain , then ... smash ! Michael drop down through one of the skylight in a shower of glass . int . gun &amp ; sport world - bathroom - moment later Michael burst in . toss a first - aid kit into the sink . his trench coat fall to the floor and here in the fluorescent light , we get a better look at he . his thin but stunningly well muscle body be tattooed shoulder to ankle with intricate writing . the man 's flesh be a live book . but the write be in no language we recognize . he turn he back to the mirror , revealing two horrifically OPEN wound run down between both shoulder blade . fresh . bloody . he thread a needle not with thread , but with fishing wire , and begin to stitch the wound close . blood pool on the cement floor around he foot . int . gun &amp ; sport world - moment later trench coat and a shirt back on , Michael race along the endless rack of gun , search for just the right weapon , he every movement precise , as if he 's train he whole life for this . weapon after ferocious weapon get toss into rifle bag . whatever this guy 's prepare for , it 's big . rifle bag fill , Michael head for the exit . stop cold . the place be lock up tight . Metal gate over the front door , bar over the window . how the hell 's he go to get out of here ? 4. int . lapd squad car - drive - same two cop , world weary , cruise through downtown . that 's burton behind the wheel , estevez riding shotgun . the police radio be abuzz with activity . busy night . burton stare out at the city 's rain soak denizen with a deep hatred , the shadow loom in doorway , the streetwalker . burton goddamn ' animal . Night like this I wish I could take a match to this city just so I could watch all this motherfucker burn . estevez ( laugh ) a good ol ' boy barbecue , huh ? burton do not even smile . he 's dead fuck serious . burton a fresh start . that 's what this place need . he hold he finger up like a pistol . aim it at the people they pass , pick they off one by one . burton pow ! pow ! pow ! now burton laugh , a dark , mean laugh . estevez eye he partner , wary . estevez Jesus ... you know burton , I be so happy we get to share beautiful moment like this . they really brighten my da -- kaboom ! through the windshield , we see a storefront explode just ahead , raining fiery debris onto the squad car . burton slam on the break and the cop look up just in time to see ... ext . gun &amp ; sport world - continuous Michael , bulg rifle bag in each hand , step brazenly out of the gaping hole he 's blow in the front of the store . 5 . estevez ( o.s. ) freeze ! estevez and burton be already out of the squad car , crouching behind the open door , gun train on Michael . estevez Drop the bag ! hand on you head ! in the distance , the pop - pop of gunfire . the police radio crackle with urgent chatter . many voice talking at once . " Shots fire ... code Three ... Officer down ! " the cop shift about nervously , try to stay focus . michael ( sense they unease : ) it 's start . there be not much time . the cop shoot a quick , anxious glance at each other -- " what the hell ? " -- then they turn back to Michael . burton shut the fuck up and drop the bag now ! Michael let the gun bag hit the ground . estevez hand on you head ! on you head ! Michael slowly place he palm on he skull . burton turn around ! turn the fuck around ! Michael slowly turn around . calm . estevez rush in to restrain Michael , grab he wrist , finger tightening . Michael close he eye , a terrible decision make . and that 's when he move , a fuck blur ! in a instant Michael 's break the cop 's arm , spin he helplessly around , turn he into a human shield . now it 's Michael who 's in charge , gun to estevez 's head , face off with burton . burton struggle to find a shot , can not . burton let `em go ! 6 . estevez take the shot , burton ! burton I say let `em fuckin ' g-g-g-g -- suddenly burton start to shake , the word stick in he throat like a skip record . estevez burton !? the STREET lamp begin to flicker and strobe , add to the confusion . burton squeeze he eye shut in pain , he whole body quaking , heel clicking the pavement , as if some massive pressure be building inside he . and with the horrific sound of cracking bone , burton' mouth begins to twist into a impossibly wide smile like a bizarre clown ! his eye SNAP OPEN , focus , the force inside he now fully in control . burton look at Michael with calm recognition , he voice guttural.. inhuman . a man possess . burton what be you do , Michael ? this be not you order . estevez look at he partner with confusion . estevez what do you say ? Michael , however , seem to know exactly who he 's talk to . michael I be follow my own order now . burton then you will die along with the child . estevez burton , you fuckin ' know this guy ?! blam ! burton shoot he partner in the head . estevez drop , leave Michael without cover . burton re-aim , but Michael 's faster , already firing back . bullet rip up the concrete . smash ! the squad car window shatter , burton 's chest exploding ! 7. and down he goe , leave Michael the only one leave stand . smoke rise from he gun . with soldier - like efficiency , Michael pick up the rifle bag and begin to load they into the trunk of the squad car . he get in the car and floors it , roaring away , as the flickering STREET lamp finally go out in rapid succession , a wave chase he , plunging the entire CITY into darkness ... smash CUT to : jeep hanson ( late teens ) bolt awake . breathe hard . cover with sweat . int . jeep' room - just before dawn Jeep switch on a lamp , illuminate this incredibly cramped bedroom . not much larger than the bed itself . he 's get shaggy hair , a sensitive face , clearly not big on sunlight . ext . desert - pre-dawn a couple of ancient silverstream trailer be bath in the eerie blue light of night 's final moment . it look like the trailer have not move from this patch of barren ground in decade . a single strand of color Christmas light dot the trailer roof line , mark the season . one of the trailer door creak open and Jeep step wearily out into the cool western morning . Home . nothing but desert for mile in all direction , save for a two lane highway and a weather beat truck stop diner that Jeep and he father will open for business in a few hour . Jeep gaze up to the diner 's slant roof where a large sign glow like a beacon in the darkness : " paradise fall gas ` not grub " a beat as Jeep contemplate the sign . charlie ( o.s. ) you okay , Jeep ? Jeep turn to see charlie , a very pregnant girl of about twenty , stand in the trailer doorway , rub the sleep from she eye . even with the trailer - trash veneer , she 's strikingly beautiful . 8. jeep sorry to wake you , Charlie . charlie ( step out of the trailer , hand on she belly ) be not you . he 's be kickin ' up a storm all night . must know something ' I do not . she approach Jeep . see the strain in he eye . charlie another bad dream ? he struggle for a moment , nod . charlie it 's just stress , Jeep , that 's all . you do too much worryin' . about this place . about you dad . ( beat ) about I ... a glimmer of a smile cross Jeep 's face . jeep you be the only thing I like worry about . charlie see what I mean ? you be worried about a girl eight month pregnant and it be not even you baby . now that 's enough to give anybody nightmare . Jeep turn away , deject . jeep go ahead , make fun of I . everybody else do . charlie ( turn he back around ) c'mon , I be only kiddin' . you know how much I appreciate everything you and Bob be do for I , but a month from now , this baby will have a new family and I will have to start thinkin ' about what the hell I be doin ' with my life . this be not news Jeep want to hear . 9 . jeep so you be still go through with it ...? charlie Jeep , I be not ready to be a mama . Christ , I can barely take care of myself as it be . jeep I could help you . we could do it together , you know ? I want to . Charlie smile sadly at he , touch by he sweetness , but this just be not where she 's at . charlie you gotta stop carryin' the weight of the world on you shoulder . Jeep nod , try to hide the fact that he 's die inside . charlie ( rub she arm ) now can we go back in ? I be freezing my ass off out here . jeep go on . I will be right there . Charlie kiss he on the cheek and head back to the trailer . he watch she , long in he eye . with the clank of the door , she 's go . and over Jeep 's troubled look , the perennial holiday cheer of frank capra' " it's a wonderful life " mix up . jimmy stewart ( v.o. ) I do not know whether I like it very much be see around with a angel without any wing . CUT to : it's a wonderful life playing on a crummy tv Jimmy Stewart as George Bailey have just meet clarence , he guardian angel - in-train . the signal roll and snow in and out . we hear a whack , which cause the image to momentarily improve and then slowly roll back the other way . clarence ( on tv ) oh , I have get to earn they and you will help I , will not you ? 10 . int . paradise fall gas ` not grub - day bob hansen ( late 40' ) , owner and proprietor of this fine roadside establishment , attempt to fix the old tv hang in the corner above the counter by bang the shit out it . the restaurant itself have the kind of grungy diner charm you would hope to find in a place last renovate in 1963 . a old plastic Christmas tree strung with flicker light and tinsel occupy a lonely corner . next to that , a fade diorama of the nativity scene . the kind you might order off the Shopping Network . Bob consider the tv with a frown . he deftly roll a engraved silver zippo back and forth over the nicotine stain finger of he right hand . must be a nervous habit . you can tell just by look at the man that he 's a beer drinker . behind the counter , a black man name percy WALKER ( 60' ) be cooking up a storm on the grill with spectacular one- hand dexterity . you do get pretty good at this sort of thing when you other hand have long be replace by a metal hook . the dog tag around he neck tell the story . his white cook 's hat have be temporarily replace by a red Santa hat . percy Lord as my witness , Bob , one of this day that thing 's gonna hit you back . whack ! bob whaddya talkin ' about , percy ? we get a special relationship here . whack ! percy yeah , they get name for that kind a relationship . the jukebox on the other side of the diner start up with the merle haggard tune " I 'm a lonesome fugitive " . a stun look sixteen - year- old girl with dyed - black hair and a pierce or three , be lean seductively over the jukebox , sway gently to the music . the headband double as she mini-skirt reveal she knock - out figure in a way that really do not leave much up to the imagination . she 's a billboard of rebellion . sandra ( o.s. ) it 's disgusting . 11 . howard ( o.s. ) you be right . it be disgusting . watch the scintillating action from a booth across the diner be a conservatively dress suburban couple . sandra and howard anderson . Fish out of water . sandra really , how can she go out in public wear that ? howard I do not know . why do not we just ask she ? sandra Howard , do not . you will embarrass I . howard ( shouting across the diner ) audrey , honey ? you mother be wonder if you get dress this morning with the specific intention of show you ass off to the entire world ? the girl who we now know as audrey anderson turn to Howard with a caustic smile . audrey yeah , that 's cuz I wake up hope to get double team by a couple of meth head trucker in the bathroom of some desert shithole . ( beat ) good thing we stop here . and with that she turn back to the jukebox . percy watch the exchange discreetly from behind the counter . love it . Howard turn back to he wife . rigid smile . howard I feel satisfied with that answer . I really do . Sandra bury she face in she hand . sandra I be be punish for something , I know it . 12 . across the diner , audrey go back to sway dreamily to the music , which be suddenly overtaken by bass bumpin ' hip - hop . CUT to : drifting over a vast expanse of western desert the noontime sun bake the strip of highway slice through this barren country . a black cadillac escalade blaze a path . heavy beat thunder from within . int . escalade - drive - continuous the stereo in this rig could shake mountain . kyle william ( late 20' ) handsome as hell , thug style . a straight up bad boy . he pass a weathered road sign : " entering paradise fall , next SERVICES 50 mile " Kyle 's expression say this be not good news . he grab he cell phone off the passenger seat . no signal . kyle shit ... he spot the truck stop diner just up the road ahead ... ext . paradise fall gas ` not grub - continuous the escalade pull off the highway and roll to a stop at the lonely row of old gas pump . Kyle get out and survey the scenery with dismay . now in the daytime we see this be truly a place time forget . attach to the diner be a mechanic be BAY . grease stain and rusty car part litter the ground . behind the place be the silverstream trailer we see Jeep step out of earlier . the only thing here that look fairly new be the uhaul truck park in front of the garage with its hood up . Kyle grab a crumpled hand draw map from the front seat and flatten it out on the roof of the car . he spin it around . which way be north ? 13 . kyle Darren , you fuckin ' direction suck , man . he check he cell phone again . no chance of a signal way out here . so he shuffles around to the side of the diner in search of a pay phone . the good news be that he find one . the bad news be that it 's be break for ten year . lean next to the break phone , however , be Charlie wear a shabby , fade waitress uniform stretch tight around she very pregnant belly . add to she perfect mother - to - be look be that cigarette dangle from she lip . the plastic name tag pin to she chest say " charlie " . kyle hey ... she eye he , mildly intrigue , take a drag . kyle you know that shit right there be not good for the baby . she let out a long slow exhale . charlie guess I should think `bout quittin ' then . kyle now hold on , girl , let I bum one before you do . charlie you can buy a whole pack inside . kyle tell ya what . you let I have one of yours , and I will give you two from the new pack you be gonna sell I . she consider he for a moment , then pull out a cigarette . light it off the end of hers then hand it to he . Kyle take a drag , pull out he crumpled map . kyle be I in the right place ? charlie ( peer at the map ) only if nowhere 's right , `cause that 's where you be . 14 . kyle sonuvabitch . there another phone around here ? you know , one that work ? charlie Bob will probably let you use the diner phone if you ask he real nice ... and pay `im something ' . kyle I can handle that . you get pancake here ? charlie yeah , we get a buttermilk stack for three seventy - five . we also get french toast for four dollar if you be into that . I personally like the pancake though . jeep ( o.s. ) you okay , Charlie ? they both turn to see Jeep behind the diner , wear mechanic 's coverall and hold a dusty old crib . Charlie quickly hide she cigarette behind she back . busted . charlie yeah , I be okay . this guy 's just lose . Jeep nod , uncertain , eye Kyle another moment , then he shuffles along out of sight . Charlie bring the cigarette back up to she lip . a awkward beat . kyle Three seventy - five , huh ? int . paradise fall gas ` not grub - day the door jingles . Charlie and Kyle enter . audrey 's eye light up when she see Kyle . he notice she as well . how could not he ? she 's direct every ounce of sex appeal she have in he direction . her parent , on the other hand , shoot a look of utter fear in Kyle 's direction , as if he personify they worst suburban nightmare . Charlie head to the register . dig out a fresh pack of smoke from underneath the counter . 15 . charlie I hope Salem light be okay , `cause that 's all we get leave . kyle if I can smoke `em , I will take `em . bob ( o.s. ) where ya be , Charlie ? Bob step off the chair . bob this be not a resort you know . I get order stack up here . in truth there be not any order stack up , but it certainly make Bob feel better to say it . bob ( see the two cigarettes Kyle 's hand she ) you best not be smokin ' again . not in you condition . charlie ( gesture to the diner ) Bob , do you see where be I right now ? can my condition really get any worse ? ` side , you be not one to talk . bob what ? I quit two year ago . charlie yeah , so why you still carryin' that fancy lighter `round for ? bob it be a gift from my ex- wife , alright ? I be sentimental . I do not wanna forget how much I hate she gut . kyle hey man ? Bob turn to Kyle . do not like what he see . kyle can I use you phone ? my cell do not get a signal out here and the pay phone outside be bust . Bob be about to respond when : 16 . howard ( o.s. ) Excuse I ...? Howard approach , oblivious to the conversation he 's interrupt . howard any news about when we truck might be fix ? you say you boy would have we on the road two hour ago . the rate we be go , we will be lucky to make it to Scottsdale by Christmas . Bob 's expression darken at this news . bob goddamn it . where the hell be Jeep ? CUT to : a grimy piece of wood a cloth wipe away the dirt , revealing the partial image of a angel carve into the surface . int . mechanic be BAY - continuous Jeep be carefully clean the old wooden crib on a workbench . there 's a unsettle intensity in he eye , as if fear itself be drive he . bob ( o.s. ) hey , Leonardo ...! Jeep freeze , know he 's in trouble he reluctantly turn to see he father stand next to the Anderson 's break - down uhual . bob the fact that this truck 's hood 's up mean anything to you ? Jeep stare at the ground . could not be anymore uncomfortable . jeep yeah ... bob ( approach , peer past he to the crib ) ( more ) 17 . bob ( cont would ) whaddya workin ' on that 's so goddamn important you be not doin ' you job ? jeep nothin ' ... Jeep try feebly to block he path , fail . Bob look down at the crib with dismay . jeep found it under a bunch of stuff in the storage shed . I know you never like to throw anything away ... Bob consider he , soften . bob whaddya doin ' ? jeep what ...? bob Jeep , I like Charlie . I do . and I think it 's real good of you to lend she a help hand , but she be not you responsibility . jeep ( hear this before , push past he ) oh whatever , leave I alone . bob do not walk away from I while I be talkin ' to you ! ext . paradise gas ` not grub - continuous Jeep walk out toward the gas pump , but Bob 's right alongside he , not give up . bob how long you gonna follow she around like a puppy dog ? cleanin ' up the mess she make while she step out with every guy around here other than you ?! Jeep stiffen . turn to he father : jeep do not say that about she ! she 's not like that ! 18. Bob give Jeep a hard stare . yeah , she be . bob you really think she 's gonna stick around here after that baby 's bear and off she hand ? jeeps shake he head , burn . jeep look , I know it do not make any sense to you , but it 's just something I have to do . Bob sigh , feel for he boy . bob ( point up at the paradise fall sign ) see that up there ? you mother think I be crazy for want to buy this place , middle of nowhere ... but I just know this be what I be suppose to do . told you mom , " just wait . " told she when they finally run the freeway through here like they be plannin ' on , this place would be like Grand Central Station . ( beat ) but I be wrong . the freeway never come and now the only people who ever stop here be the one who be lose . ( beat ) and you mom ? well she get tired of waitin' . jeep c'mon dad . you can not blame yourself for what she do -- bob yeah , I can . and I be sayin ' you be about to make the same damn mistake I make , believe in something that 's never gonna happen ... or someone . ( beat ) it 's time for you to move on from this place , Jeep . I do not wanna see you wake up one morning old and piss off , realize you be lose just like everybody else who stop here . 19 . Jeep look up at he father , he word hang heavily . a tough pill to swallow . bob now get to work on that truck . I wanna have this people on the road by nightfall . Bob walk back into the diner . Jeep be about to turn back to the garage when he notice something off in the distance . ominous dark cloud line the horizon to the south like a live wall . he shift he gaze up the highway to the north . same thing . dark cloud be push they way over the distant mountain . a storm be come . int . paradise fall gas ` not grub - same Bob reenter the diner to find Kyle sit at the counter , digging into a plate of banana pancake . Kyle be about to address he again , when something else steal Bob 's attention . bob ( hold up a silencing hand ) yeah , wait a minute . the tv have go on the fritz again . only now the image be mostly snow . Bob climb back onto the chair . face the tv . bob what 's wrong with you today ? whack ! the image flicker but do not improve . percy I tell you to get the satellite tv . but you do not wanna listen . bob what the hell do I need that crap for ? percy History Channel , man ! 20 . bob I get all the history I can take . charlie that 's for sure . bob what 's you problem now ? whack ! charlie where do I start ? bob you know this be the top-of - the - line model when I buy it . charlie yeah , in the fifty . bob you should not be watchin ' anyways . ( rub he hand together ) okay , baby , this be gonna do it . Bob give the tv one final wallop -- whack ! and the picture snap into focus . only it be not the picture he be expect . the stark graphic of the emergency broadcasting system and its accompany hollow tone fill the diner . everybody in the place stop and turn to the tv . bob see ? clear as day . percy Nice work , Bob . what the hell 's that ? bob it 's just one of that test thing . that would be true , except for the word at the bottom of the screen , which read : " this be not a test " Bob switch the channel . all the same . charlie do not look like a test . 21 . Bob step off the chair and back slowly away from the tv as if a little distance will bring some clarity . he bump into Kyle . kyle yo , be I the invisible motherfuckin ' man here ? do you have a phone or not ? Kyle peel a five dollar bill off a serious wad of cash . that get Bob 's attention . Bob snap the money out of he hand . bob in the back past the kitchen . make it fast . Kyle hustle pass percy . Charlie be stand by the Anderson 's table , clear dish . everybody 's eye be lock on the tv . sandra if there 's a real emergency be not they suppose to give we some information about what to do ? howard I be sure it 's a mistake . bob hey , percy , give that old radio of yours a shot . maybe they get some news about the tv . percy grab a old battery power radio off a kitchen shelf . switch it on . static . he spin the dial until he reach a clear signal . the same hollow tone of emergency Broadcasting . Station after station the same thing . the diner be overwhelm by a chill chorus of hollow tone . everyone go very still . kyle ( v.o. ) let I talk to he ... int . diner - back office - same Kyle sit at a messy desk in this dark , wood panele back office , phone to he ear . 22. kyle ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) cuz a father should be able to talk to he son , that 's why . now put `im on the phone . ( a beat then a smile ) be that my little man ...? yeah , well I be work hard , so that I can be with you . you bein ' good ? ( strange static can be heard ) wait ... you be breakin ' up . hello ...? ( hang up in frustration ) shit ! Kyle stew a beat , then pick up the phone to redial . frown . no dial tone . kyle what the hell ... he keep try . nothing . howard ( v.o. ) maybe there be a earthquake ? int . diner - same everyone be look at Howard . howard they keep sayin ' we be overdue for a big one . percy lot a folk could be hurt . bob not if it be center in the desert . howard exactly . could be nothing to worry about . sandra so then why 's the tv out ? howard maybe it just hit the relay station . be not that usually in remote area ? 23. bob yeah , `cause of the radiation they give off . percy there be not no radiation comin ' from that thing . plus that do not explain the radio be out too . some of that station broadcast over hundred of mile . any quake that big and we would a feel it . charlie percy 's right . I do not feel nothing . audrey maybe it 's a terrorist attack or something ...? sandra ( cover she mouth ) oh god ... everyone consider that grimly , then : bob well , for cryin ' out loud . there 's no use in speculate . I will just call my brother up in Needles . he must a hear something . kyle ( o.s. ) I do not think so . Kyle have reappear in the diner . bob whaddya talkin ' about ? kyle phone 's dead . just try to make a call . bob you be shittin ' I . Kyle shake he head , sit down at the counter . sandra oh , this be just great . bob relax , Mrs. Anderson . nothing to get excited about . probably just work on the line . ( more ) 24 . bob ( cont would ) side , I be sure Jeep will have you truck fix up quick as can be , and then you will be on you way . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same Jeep be bury under the uhaul 's hood , work at something with a socket wrench . it 's not go well . jeep damn it ! he pull himself up . grease cover he face and hand . the sound of a car approaching catch he attention . he watch as a beat up eighties cutlass supreme pull off the highway and roll to a stop at the pump . it 's a mystery how anyone could see through the layer of dust on that windshield . after a moment the car door pop open and the legs of a elderly woman swing down to the ground , follow by the metal frame and wheel of a walker . the little old lady get out of the car , steady herself on the walker , and then slowly make she way toward the diner with the rickety frailness of a old turtle . Jeep watch she disappear inside . he then look toward the horizon again . the wall of dark cloud be grow ever closer . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - continuous a jingle as the old lady enter . she survey the scene as if feast on paradise . maybe she eye be not so good . charlie have a seat wherever you want , ma'am . special be on the board . old woman thank you , dear . the old lady settles at a table across from the anderson . she smile at they pleasantly . Charlie be about to hand she a menu , when : old woman oh , I already know what I want . charlie okay , what will it be ? 25 . old woman I will have the steak , please . charlie and how would you like that cook ? old woman rare if you would . and water , no ice . charlie come right up . old woman Charlie , be it ? charlie yeah . old woman what a unusual name for a girl . charlie so they say . I will be right back with you water . the old lady turn to the anderson . old woman hello , I be gladys . gladys Foster . sandra Nice to meet you , gladys . I be Sandra and this be my husband Howard . gladys what a nice young couple you be . what bring you out to this part ? sandra we be move out to Scottsdale . but we truck break down , and so we be stick here while it 's be fix . gladys oh , what a nuisance . a fly begin to buzz around gladys 's head . she do not seem to notice it . sandra say , gladys , it seem the line be down around here . the phone and tv , you know ? ( more ) 26 . sandra ( cont would ) and I just be wonder if you might have hear something on you way up ? you know , about what 's go on ? gladys smile strangely . gladys oh , do not worry yourself about that , sweetheart . it will all be over soon . Sandra nod at the old woman , unsure of what to make of that response . the fly that be circle she head , now land on gladys' face . it crawl across she cheek without she reacting in the least . Howard and Sandra exchange look . creepy . the door jingles and Jeep walk in . he head straight for a quiet huddle with Bob . all the while though , he keep one eye fix on the old lady sit at the table near the anderson . something about she ... jeep the carburetor 's shot . do not know why . look brand new . bob ( glance over at the anderson ) ah , shit . they be gonna be piss . jeep I could try to rebuild it , but it would take a while , and I do not think we have all the part . if we call right now , we might be able to get a new one down here tomorrow morning . bob that 's not gonna happen . goddamn phone 's out . jeep what ? across the diner , Charlie place a bloody red steak in front of gladys . gladys thank you , dear . how far along be you ? 27 . Charlie rest a hand on she belly . charlie just about there . gladys the father must be very proud . charlie I would not know . gladys you mean he 's ... charlie out of sight . out of mind . gladys oh , I see . so you be not marry , I take it ? a fly land on gladys 's steak . Charlie try to wave it away . but another one land in its place . charlie nope . gladys start to dig in to the steak with a real ferociousness you would not expect from a old lady . more fly begin to land on she body . on she food . Charlie be still try to wave they away . gladys that 's too bad . charlie no , I prefer it that way . I do not a need a man tellin ' I what to do . gladys but what about the baby ? charlie I have get it under control . gladys yeah , but it 's gonna burn . Charlie freeze . the anderson turn to look as well . Kyle glance over from the counter . charlie what do you just say ? 28 . gladys ( all smile ) I say you fuck baby 's gonna burn . Charlie shake she head at the woman , not give in . charlie go to hell , lady . she slap the check down on the table and walk back toward the kitchen , pass Jeep and Bob . bob what happen ? charlie total fuck Jesus freak . gladys begin to laugh innocently as she continue to devour she meat . Red juice drip down she chin . the fly be swarm now . how do so many get in here ? Sandra and Howard be mortify at this sudden turn of event . gladys all that baby . they be gonna burn . sandra gladys , please . there 's no reason to -- gladys 's head suddenly whip toward she . gladys shut up , you stupid fuck cunt ! all you do be complain ! complain ! complain ! Sandra cover she mouth in shock . everybody in the diner be now focus on the old lady . Howard get up from the booth . sandra Howard , it 's okay ! do not listen to she ! but Howard 's already stand over gladys . howard who the hell do you think you be , lady ?! now , I would like you to apologize to my -- 29 . gladys lunge at howard and take a monstrous bite out of he neck ! she pull back to reveal a mouth filled with tiny razor sharp teeth . everybody freak as Howard crumble to the floor . gladys rocket to she foot , knock she table over . blood cover she face and chest . gladys you be all go to fuck die ! percy be the first to react . from behind the counter , he whip a heavy metal fry pan at gladys that knock she head sideways . thwack ! bone break and burst from her neck . impossibly , gladys be still stand . she let out a inhuman scream and scramble across the diner , knock table and chair over in she wake . Bob pull a shotgun from behind the counter . bob do not move ! but gladys not only move , she scurry right up the fucking wall like some kind of bizarre crab ! Bob can not believe he eye . but he get over it real fast , as the crab lady rush toward he -- across the ceiling -- upside down ! bob pump the shotgun , try to take she down , but he can not track she fast enough . instead he blow enormous hole in the ceiling , a rain of plaster . gladys drop down right in front of Bob . bob ( struggle to cock the gun ) fuck ! gladys smile sweetly before slapping he clear across the room ! the shotgun clatter to the floor at Jeep 's foot . he snatch it up and aim it at gladys who turn calmly to face he . percy shoot she , Jeep ! Jeep 's about to fire , when the old lady 's eye go all white . 30 . gladys ( a sickly sweet smile ) you will never save she . Jeep freeze , stunne by she word , overwhelming fear paralyze he where he stand . percy shoot the fucking bitch ! gladys rocket straight at he ! but Jeep 's too afraid to move . he clamp he eye shut , brace himself for the end . blam ! blam ! blam ! a rain of bullet rip into gladys , take she down like a animal . Jeep slowly open he eye . his gun 's still cocked . gladys lie dead in a smolder , bloody heap at he foot . he turn to see Kyle with smoke rise from the barrel of he silver plate western arm 45 . if everyone be not so shocked , they would probably be wonder why this guy be pack such serious heat . sandra ( o.s. ) somebody help I ! Sandra be on the floor with she husband . blood pour freely from he neck . Kyle stare at the die man -- a moment of hesitation -- then he rush to help . kyle Press you hand over the hole ! Sandra look fearfully up at Kyle , at the gun still in he hand . kyle do not look at I like that , lady ! I be tryin ' to fuckin ' help you ! now put you goddamn hand over the hole before you husband bleed to death ! obey , she cup she hand over the hole in he neck , desperately try to stop the flow of blood leak out between she finger . percy scramble over with a first - aid kit and together he and Kyle get to work on Howard 's neck . 31 . a few foot away , Charlie help Bob , bruise and bleed , to he foot . bob the fuck be that ?! what the fuck be that !? across the diner , audrey be push back into a booth , she knee pull tightly to she chest , shiver . her adult facade give way to that of a frighten child a drop of red hit audrey' cheek , cause she to look up and see gladys 's trail of blood dripping from the ceiling . a ungodly horror . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same Kyle , percy , Sandra and audrey frantically carry Howard , he neck bandage , to the back of the escalade . int . escalade - continuous Howard lie in the back seat . Sandra by he head , clasp he hand in hers . audrey by he foot . percy ride shotgun . Kyle struggle to get the key in the ignition . the engine roar to life . ext . paradise fall gas ` not grub - continuous the escalade fishtail onto the highway . int . escalade - continuous Kyle grip the wheel . pick up speed . kyle how far to the hospital ? percy seventy , maybe eighty mile . Kyle shoot he a look . eighty mile ?! pedal to the floor time . audrey lean forward from the back seat . audrey what 's that on the road ? up ahead , the dark cloud Jeep see earlier have finally close in , descend onto the highway like a wall . 32 . kyle they be fuckin ' cloud ! what the fuck do they look like ? audrey not cloud . Cloud do not buzz . she 's right . they be black ... undulating ... buz ! ping ! ping ! ping ! suddenly hundred of tiny bug begin to hit the windshield -- splat ! and that 's when they realize it ... that be not cloud . they 're fly ! the escalade enter the swarm . the car be pummeled by insect , the windshield instantly cover in black and red bug gut . driving blind ! the sound of fly splatter and buz be deafen ! everyone scream as hell surround they ... int . diner bathroom - same Bob be hunch over the steaming sink , pound a can of light beer . Jeep be lean against the wall , look like he 's about to puke or faint . bob I do not understand how she be still standin ' after percy hit `er with that goddamn fryin ' pan . break she fuckin ' neck . I see it . I swear I do . ( beat ) and do you see that kid 's gun ? the hell 's he doin ' with a gun like that ? Bob look over at Jeep , see he tremble . bob it 's okay , Jeep . it 's okay . but for Jeep it 's not okay . he 's hurt real bad inside . jeep I could not pull the trigger . I froze . I see what I need to do , but I be afraid ... ( break down ) she could have kill you ! ( more ) 33. jeep ( cont would ) or Charlie ... she would have kill I if it be not for ... he can not get the word out . Bob rest a hand on he boy 's shoulder . bob there 's nothin ' to be ashamed of , Jeep . ( beat ) not everybody can play the hero . before Jeep can respond , they hear the sound of the front door jingle . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - continuous Bob and Jeep appear from the back , as Kyle , percy , audrey and Sandra carry Howard into the diner , all of they stumbling , gasp for air . Charlie move in to help . percy race for the back . bob ( catch percy by the arm ) where you go ?! percy to get my bible ! bob the hell you need that for ?! percy well somebody 's gotta start prayin ' ... Bob 's about to respond when he hear the buz . Bob , Charlie and Jeep slowly approach the window to see the solid undulating black curtain of fly surrounding the truck stop' perimeter a few hundre yard out . everything in the diner be suddenly cast in dark red as the day 's remain sunlight filter through the swarm . apocalyptic . no one breathes . CUT to : 34 . a black hand and a hook tear a shirt OPEN revealing a bloody mess of muscle and tendon chew down to the bone . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same percy and Charlie be tend to Howard . Sandra be hold she husband 's hand , try to comfort he , while audrey watch from a distance with grim fascination . percy ( raise a bottle of alcohol ) okay , hold `em steady . charlie ( nod , peakish , to herself ) oh god , please do not throw up . Howard writhes as percy pour alcohol on the wound . Sandra can not help but stare at percy 's hook . meanwhile across the diner , Bob and Jeep peel back the tablecloth to examine gladys ' bullet riddled corpse . Kyle stand over they with Bob 's shotgun train on the body -- just in case . gladys be a real horror show . Bones jut out at obtuse angle from she neck -- a result of the blow to she head from percy 's fry pan . bob she 's cold as a freakin ' ice cube . if I have not just see she walk in here , I would say the old bag 's be dead for hour . Bob roll gladys over , revealing she face -- she enlarge mouth fill with dozen of razor sharp baby tooth . kyle well , I do not care how long she 's be dead , the bitch be not stayin ' in here with we . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - a few minute later Bob , Kyle and Jeep quickly drag gladys 's body wrap in the plastic table cloth a short way from the diner . they warily eye the curtain of fly no more than a hundred yard out . 35 . bob I do not get it . why do not they come closer ? kyle how the fuck be I suppose to know , man ? you askin ' I to explain the behavior of a motherfuckin ' pestilence . a clank and Jeep notice the old lady 's car key have drop to the ground . jeep ( hold up the key ) you guy ! gladys ' cutlass supreme its window be completely cake with dust . the man wipe away a layer of brown from the glass , allow they to peer inside the car . bob you see anything ? kyle no twilight Zone shit if that 's what you mean . Jeep slip the key into the driver 's side door . unlock it . bob careful . Old lady could have some kind of rabid poodle lock up in there . Jeep slowly swing the door open and that 's when the smell hit they . kyle agh ! what the fuck be that ? Bob cover he nose . bob Jesus . Kyle open the passenger door , look in . Dark , dirty . but nothing unusual . kyle nothin ' here . 36 . jeep how `bout the trunk ? they go around to the back of the car . Jeep slip the key in . the trunk pop open , revealing a pile of dead cat . rotting . maggot infested . Bob quickly slam the trunk close . the guy be reeling with disgust . Kyle 's try to blow the stench from he nose . kyle bitch 's get motherfuckin ' dead cat in she hoopty ! what the fuck be wrong with white people ?! bob least now we know where that smell be come from . kyle yeah , it be a real motherfuckin ' necessity we figure that out , man . jeep ( see something up the road ) hey ... they turn to see headlight grow larger in the dim haze . a police cruiser careen off the highway and skid to a wild stop in front of the diner . its engine rattle as the dust clear around it . no movement can be see behind its bug splatter window . bob okay , now we be talkin' . jeep wait a minute . check it out . it 's lapd . what 's a LA cop do way out here ? Bob and Jeep look over at Kyle . kyle I be from nevada , man . they consider the police car a moment more . see the shatter passenger window , the blood stain . 37 . bob give I the shotgun . Kyle hand the shotgun over to Bob . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same Charlie 's face light up when she see the police car . charlie oh , thank God , the police ! ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - continuous the door of the police car open as Charlie race from the diner . the three man see she move toward the car . Jeep 's face go slack . jeep Charlie , wait ! the man begin to run toward she ... while out of the police car step ... michael Charlie freeze a few foot from the car when she see that pierce eye already familiar to we . Michael look at she , as if she be exactly who he expect to see . in moment Bob , Kyle and Jeep form a protective shield in front of Charlie . Bob raise the shotgun . bob take one step closer and I will drop you right here . a long beat as Michael consider bob. icy cold . michael that how you greet all you customer ? bob mister , after what we have be through here today , you be lucky we do not shoot you first and greet you later . now let I see you tooth . Michael stare at he blankly . 38 . bob you tooth goddamn it ! lemme see `em ! Michael offer up a dangerous smile , revealing a not so well keep but definitely normal set of tooth . Bob and the other ease slightly . jeep no , shark tooth , pop . Bob lower the gun . bob okay ... suppose you tell we you name then . michael Michael . bob sorry about all that , Michael . this old lady just go crazy inside my place here . she have this tooth . never see anything like `em . practically bit a man in half . Michael remain silent . do not seem shocked in the least by what he 's hear . bob so what be you doin ' out here ? gotta say you do not exactly look like a police officer . even one from l.a . then again , you have to be , right ? I mean , who the hell would be crazy enough to steal a cop car ? Bob chuckle for a moment . when Michael do not respond in kind , Bob fall silent . anxious . he slowly raise the shotgun again . Michael size up this raggedy group . his gaze drift over to the loosely wrap body in front of the diner . the plastic table cloth flap wildly in the wind . turn back to Bob : michael you do not know , do you ? kyle know what ? 39 . charlie we do not know anything . nothing 's work here . the tv , the radio , the phone ... Michael just shake he head . michael I be run out of time . Michael step toward Charlie with a sense of purpose , but Bob block he path , brandish the shotgun . bob back off , fella ... ( beat ) now , I do not care if this be the second come of Jesus fuck Christ , I say it 's time for you to either get talkin ' or get the hell outta here ! in a blur of movement , Michael rip the shotgun from Bob 's hand . it all happen so fast that Bob be stunne to find himself hold air . he 's even more stunne to now have the barrel of the gun press to the bridge of he nose . everyone freeze . kyle easy ! easy ! Michael 's expression be totally calm . merciless . jeep c'mon , dad , tell `em you be sorry . tell `em you be only kid ! but Bob can not even speak , he 's so scared . he squeeze he eye close . charlie let `em go ! Michael 's eye flit momentarily in Charlie 's direction . consider she . the diner door open and percy step cautiously out with hand and hook hold up to show no threat . he 's follow by Sandra and audrey . Michael see they , but offer no indication that he care . 40 . percy now , son , I be sure you do not wanna go spillin ' blood for no good reason in front of all this decent people , do ya ? we friend Bob here be not worth the trouble it would cause ya . ( beat ) so whaddya say `bout just lettin ' `im go and then you can be on you way ? Nice `n ' easy . but Michael do not seem to register this plea . it 's not look good . no one breathes . that 's when Kyle notice something out in the direction of the road . dozen of tiny headlight appear in the dark haze . approaching . kyle what the - -? Michael turn , see the light . michael they be here . Michael whip the gun away from Bob 's head and thrust it back into he hand . Bob 's look down at the gun , speechless . michael you be go to need this . Michael walk swiftly around to the trunk of the cruiser . pop it , revealing a staggering arsenal of weaponry . he begins to load gun after gun . percy stare out at the light , eye wide . percy Lord , have mercy . ( wave back audrey and sandra ) you lady best get back inside . sandra what be it ? what 's happen ? who be this man ? why 's he drive a police car ? audrey shut up , mom ! 41 . audrey pull she mother back into the diner . Michael hand a mp5 sub -machine gun to Kyle . another one go to percy . finally he place a third one in Jeep 's hand , who stare down at it anxiously . bob wait . I do not think that 's such a good idea . jeep dad , I can handle it . bob ( to Michael ) he 's just a kid -- jeep I say , I can handle it ! Michael 's eye narrow , study Jeep . michael he can handle it . he do not have a choice . Michael pull out twin mpe for himself . glock 9s be tuck everywhere they can go . Michael toss clip belt to the man . box of shotgun shell . the work . michael if you want to live , you will do exactly as I say . he slam the trunk close and approach Charlie . he cock a Glock and hand it to she . michael when you fire , you keep you thumb off the slide . do not hesitate . do not do anything brave . there 's no safety . he give she a hard look . she nod nervously . trusting he but not sure why . Michael march into the diner . Kyle glance quickly at the other , then he bolt after Michael . percy follow . then Charlie . now it 's only Jeep and he father leave . bob c'mon , Jeep . we gotta go ! 42 . and Bob rush into the diner . a moment as Jeep look out toward the road . the headlight be growing brighter . closer . he contemplate the sub-machine gun in he hand . jeep fuck it . and race after he father . CUT to : a dead bolt thrown . lock the diner door . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - continuous frantic activity . Kyle and Michael push a booth in front of the door , sealing off the entrance . tables be turn on they side to form makeshift shield . window blind be snap close . the back office - continuous Jeep race in , lock the back door . then he push a desk in front of it . in the diner - continuous the place be transformed . lock up tight . the roar of engine outside grow ever louder , closer . Sandra huddle on the floor with Howard , he head in she lap . she 's run she hand gently through he hair , try to keep calm . he open he eye . pale , weak from blood loss . howard Sandra ? what 's happen ? sandra it 's okay ! everything 's okay ! Sandra close she eye . struggle to believe it . suddenly the electricity goe out , dip the room into darkness . 43. we hear cry of alarm . total black . Chaos . bob ( v.o. ) Jeep , get the flashlight ! percy ( v.o. ) everybody just stay still ! kyle ( v.o. ) now that we be lock in here , what the fuck be we suppose to do ? a flicker of light . and then flashlight beam CUT through the darkness ... come to rest on Michael 's pale face . Michael look up at the ceiling . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - roof - night a hatch open and out come Michael follow by Bob , percy and Kyle . they quickly take they place behind the " paradise " sign . pitch black surround they . the rumble of engine be go , leave only the rush of the wind come up off the desert . kyle where the hell do they go ? Bob turn to Michael sharply . bob alright , rambo . you get we up here . now you mind explain what the fuck we be fight ? Michael be about to answer , when : percy listen ! over the wind , another sound become audible . the delicate chime of a calliope . percy you hear what I be hearing ? bob yeah ... the hell be that ? the calliope music grow louder , the melody more distinct . now we recognize the song : santa claus be coming to town . but instead of fill they with cheer , it fill they with dread . 44 . percy it sound almost like ... kyle Ice cream . two headlight appear in the darkness . and sure enough , a ice cream truck roll slowly toward the diner . the eerie calliope music emanate from a speaker on its roof . it 's too dark to see who 's behind the wheel . kyle you have get to be fuckin ' kid I . michael alright . there 's a safety switch on the side of you gun . push it all the way down . two click . the man quickly do as they be tell . michael now when this start , you hold on tight , you hear I ? if you do not , you be go to blow you hand off . understand ? Kyle , Bob shoot quick anxious look at percy . percy the fuck y' all lookin ' at I for ? int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same Jeep face the board up front door , awkwardly hold the mp5 , try to assume a tough guy posture . if only he could stop shaking , it might be believable . Charlie and audrey peer between the slat cover the window . the ice cream truck's headlight fan across the diner . audrey and Charlie back away from the window . Charlie stop next to Jeep . sense he shaking . rest a hand on he arm . and that seem to help ... a little . Howard smile weakly at the familiar sound of the calliope . howard oh , honey , listen . it 's the Ice cream man . 45 . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - roof - same the Ice cream truck pull to a stop with its headlight face the diner . everyone aim they gun at the truck . tense . from the Ice cream truck ...a dark bloody shoe step to the ground . moving up the long grey pant leg spot with blood stain to reveal a skeletally thin man in tatter coverall . say hello to the ice cream man . he look like he 's be through hell -- literally . as he step into the beam of the headlight we can see he even more clearly . he 's tall . too tall . his clothes do not seem to fit he . and he 's unnaturally thin as if he 's be stretch like taffy . if he get down on all four , you might mistake he for some kind of spider . he survey the diner , the garage , the roof -- assess the situation . on the roof , the man wait for something to happen . kyle ( whisper ) ah , he do not look that bad . the Ice cream man 's gaze snap up to the roof . he hear . kyle oh , shit . oh , shit . oh , shit . that 's when the Ice cream man 's jaw unhinges , stretching torturously down to nearly the middle of he chest ! row after row of a razor sharp teeth form with the sicken sound of cracking of bone . from he new mouth , the Ice cream man let out a earth shatter howl . everyone except Michael be practically hyperventilate with fear . michael get ready ! and the ice cream man bolt for the diner with startling speed ! his movement be not at all like that of a normal man , but rather like some kind of human insect . Michael aim . 46 . blam ! blam ! blam ! bullet rip into the creature 's body , knock he flat on he back . still . arm and leg in a twisted , twitching mess . Michael keep he aim . wait . the calliope music continue to play . kyle be that it ? not even close . a rumbling of engine . headlight . a freeway full of vehicle of every variety punch through the wall of dust , racing toward the diner . they be the commuter . michael now ! shoot now ! the man let loose with ferocious firepower . windshield shatter ! tire blow out ! engine explode ! vehicle swerve and collide ! dark shape bolt from the burn vehicle , scatter . in the flash of battle we catch glimpsis of they : business people . construction worker . even a entire high school football team . all deform by some demonic force . many mere ball of flame drift through the darkness . michael spread out ! do not let they get close to the window ! the dark shape converge on the diner from all direction . they move so strangely fast it seem that they foot do not actually touch the ground . from the roof it 's a full - on turkey shoot as the man follow Michael 's instruction and cut down everything in sight . they face lighting up with each flash . shell casing spray from they weapon like water drop from a sprinkler . body burst and crumble to the dirt . the creature do not seem to be afraid of die . they strategy appear to be in they sheer number . with each wave , the dark figure get ever closer to the diner . 47 . on bob fire madly . then ... click ! click ! oh , no . he 's out of ammo . bob shell ! percy toss he a box of shell . but Bob fumble the catch and the box slide halfway down the slope roof . bob fuck ! with the gun still in one hand , Bob reach frantically down for the ammo . stretch ... further ... a hideously wounded middle - aged housewife catapult up from below the roofline ! her hair must have be in curler before most of it burned away . her nightdress hang in tatter off she body . her jaw click rapidly , as she clatter up at Bob like a giant insect . Bob try to pull back , but he have no traction and he start to slip down toward she . she 's come fast ! percy see he friend in trouble . percy Bob ! Bob swing the shotgun like a club -- crack ! -- knock the bitch clear off the roof . but the move have make he slide even faster . he drop the shotgun , try to hold on , but he can not stop ! bob be about to hit the edge when the horrid woman pop up right in front of he ! she do not even have a chance to react as Bob do something akin to a swimmer 's push right off she body ! wham ! the creature go fly back off the roof and the oppose force halt Bob 's slide . percy ( extend he hook ) grab my hand ! Bob reach up and clasp percy 's hook , praying that it stay on . but this chick be not finish yet . up she come once more . her razor sharp fingernails claw up the metal roof . screech ! bob gun ! 48 . percy toss Bob a Glock . fortunately this time Bob deftly catch it with he free hand just as the derange woman pounce on he . bob ( jam the gun in she mouth ) fuck off ! blam ! blam ! blam ! the back of she head explode . her body go limp . Bob struggle to push the corpse off of he . bob pull I up ! percy extend he hook hand , help Bob ascend to safety . int . paradise gas ` not grub - same hiding in the shadow ... listen to sound of war just outside . Sandra squeeze she hand over she ear . a few foot away , audrey clutches a butcher 's knife . Jeep 's eye darting from one window to another . try to keep it together . Charlie be crouch down behind the counter , hold the handgun close to she pregnant belly . distant explosion rattle the plate on the shelf . Charlie peer out from behind the counter to look at the front window . momentary flash of intense light outline the close blind . another flash light up Charlie 's face . stare . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - roof - same percy be swivelling leave and right , fire like mad . percy come on , motherfucker ! come on ! closer and closer the creature come . most be eviscerate by the fire from the rooftop . 49 . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same on charlie stare at the window . closer . Charlie 's eye go wide as -- smash ! a dark shape crash through the window . Glass , sand and dust swirl in . audrey and Sandra scream . Charlie spring up from she hide place , gun ready . Jeep spin around , point he gun , search frantically for the intruder . it 's so dark ! jeep where be it ?! audrey shake she head , tear stream down she cheek . she look over at she mother . Sandra 's eye be close . it 's too much . audrey Mom ! open you eye ! sandra I can not ! I can not ! suddenly Howard 's body be torn away from Sandra . something 's get hold of he leg ! that get Sandra 's eye open ! sandra ( spring after she husband ) Howard ! Howard scream deliriously as he 's drag rapidly through the diner toward the break front window . he flail about , desperately try to grab a hold of something . Sandra scramble after she husband . reaching for he . audrey daddy ! the creature reach the window . Sandra dive for Howard 's outstretch hand . she have he ! the creature 's progress be abruptly halt at the shattered window . it turn back toward Sandra -- a shaft of light fall across its face , reveal : a teenage girl of about audrey 's age . her skin be a deathly blue . her pupil a ghastly white . 50 . deep human fingernail scratch have tear open the bloat flesh on she arm , neck and face . the self - inflicted wound of a drug addict . her voice be not quite human . teenage girl see what you make I do , mother !? Sandra scream , hold on . sandra no! Charlie and audrey rush to Sandra 's side , grab Howard 's arm . Jeep be right behind they ready to fire at the creature , but with the woman in the way , he can not get a clear shot . so he discard the gun and grab Howard 's arm . Howard scream as he body be torturously stretch . a human tug-of - war . on howard feet -- two more sets of sinewy muscle and bone claw reach through the window and grab he legs . Howard 's body lurch further out the window . sandra Howard ! Howard 's torso be almost entirely out the window . Charlie daringly reach for Howard 's belt , desperate to gain leverage . another disfigure hand punch through the blind and lock onto charlie' arm ! Charlie scream as she 's yank painfully toward the window , lose she grip on Howard 's belt . through the break window , she see the face of a raggedy looking man . he smile at she like a father come home to he baby girl . raggedy man ( sweetly ) there you be ! and he start to pull she arm even harder ... other creature suddenly notice she as well , focus they attack as if she alone be they target . Jeep immediately let 's go of Howard and dive for Charlie , grab she free arm just before she 's pull through . 51 . without the help , audrey and Sandra can not hold on any longer . Howard be rip from of he family 's hand and out the window . audrey daddy ! ext . paradise gas ` not grub - roof - same the tide be turn . the man seem to have get they game on and the dark shape be start to pull back . kyle they be run ! we get `em ! Kyle turn happily to Michael . go . Kyle look around the roof with alarm . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same only a few more inch separate Charlie and certain death through the window . Jeep 's lose she ! a flash of steel . sching ! Charlie and Jeep fall back into the diner , the claw like hand still grasp Charlie 's arm no longer attach to they owner . Michael leap over she , a butcher 's knife in one hand , a machine gun in the other . he light up everything in he path . the window blind become a wall of FIRE . creature screech and flee into the night , have successfully take they first victim . Charlie fling the severe appendage off she and she and Jeep scoot away from the window . hysterical , Sandra try to push past Michael . she 's go after Howard . he intercept she before she can make it out . sandra let I go ! he 's alive ! Sandra slap at he frantically as he carry she away from the window and thrust she down into a back booth . sandra he 's alive ! michael no ... not anymore . Sandra break down . 52 . as Charlie climb slowly to she foot -- a sudden pain . she clutches she belly . wince . Jeep catch she arm to steady she . charlie ( recovering ) I be okay . I be fine . she glance back at Michael . he 's watch she . that eye . charlie thanks ... michael I tell you not to do anything brave . Charlie do not know how to respond . she 's about to say something when -- Kyle rush into the room . a smile on he face . kyle we get `em runnin ' ! then Kyle notice the break window , take in the room , he excitement fall . kyle where 's Howard ? no one respond . Sandra and audrey be huddle together . crying . Bob and percy follow Kyle in , still shaking from the adrenaline . michael someone need to be on the roof . kyle I will go . Bob grab Kyle 's arm . bob hold on . ( approach Michael , determine ) you better start talk . all eye on Michael . this people want answer . finally : 53. michael the first time God lose faith in man he send a flood . the second time ... he send what you see outside . everyone take that in for a moment , then : percy you sayin ' this be the apocalypse ...? michael I be say this be a extermination . ( beat ) that thing out there be vessel . the possess . the weakest will be the easiest to turn . kyle possess by what ? demon ? michael no ... by angel . that silence the room . percy ( pull out he bible ) Son , I do not know what bible you be readin ' , but in my version , the angel be the good guy . Michael look squarely at percy . michael that 's where you book be wrong . sandra how come you know so much about they ? michael I know because until last night , I be on they side . jeep you mean you be ... Michael consider Jeep , then : michael not anymore ... 54 . bob right and yesterday I be the fuckin' Easter Bunny . you know , fuck this . I do not even believe in God . michael that 's fine , because he do not believe in you either . Bob stare at Michael , uncertain how to respond to that . percy c'mon , Bob . have you look outside recently ? that be not exactly we regular customer out there . bob how do we know he do not bring they here himself ? charlie he bring they here and then he save we from they ? you be a genius , Bob . Bob fall silent , confound . audrey hesitantly approach Michael . audrey so you be here to protect we ? michael not you ... ( look at Charlie ) her . Charlie react in shock , as all eye be suddenly on she . charlie I ?! why I ?! michael because you child be the only hope humanity have of survive . in response to that , Charlie do the only thing someone can do when tell such a thing . she laugh . charlie no way ! but Michael be not joke and Charlie 's laughter become genuine fear . 55 . charlie ( stunned ) Jesus Christ ... michael exactly . Jeep stare at Charlie , as if suddenly he entire life be start to make sense . jeep you be sayin ' she 's the mother of the messiah ? bob wait a minute , be not Mary suppose to be a vi-- charlie go fuck yourself , Bob ! percy make you wonder about Mary . charlie ( approach Michael , panic set in ) look , this be not possible ! I be just a waitress ! I be nobody ! I can not give birth to the savior of mankind ! ( and finally ) I do not even own a car ! michael none of that matter anymore . either you child life or mankind die . kyle so what , we be suppose to just hold that thing off until Mary over there squeeze one out ? michael that 's right . charlie that can not be . I be only eight month pregnant . kyle oh we be fuck . we be so fuck ! 56 . sandra how be we suppose to survive here for a month ? michael we will not have to ... at this Charlie go white , the realization hit she . charlie it 's come soon , be not it ? Michael nod . Charlie sway on she foot . Jeep rest a hand on she shoulder , steadying she . with a clank Michael re-arm he weapon , turn to the group with finality . michael if you want to live you will do what I say . this first attack be a test of we strength . the next one will be a test of we weakness . ( beat ) something much worse be on its way . everyone exchange terrify look . finally , Kyle step forward . kyle okay , what 's you plan ? michael we will keep watch on the roof in shift of two . Jeep , go get some tool . we need to close up this window before somebody else go out . Jeep look anxiously at Charlie , silent , scared , and then he follow after Michael , leave Charlie to stare at the shatter window , the blind flipping wildly in the wind . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - roof - late night percy and Kyle keep watch , rifle at they side . they be wrap up from head to toe in blanket to protect they from the cold and the fly . percy scan the horizon . momentary spectral flash dot the darkness . 57 . percy they be out there . son of bitch . I can feel `em . ( beat ) damn it 's cold ! percy make the unconscious motion of rub he " hand " together to keep they warm . Kyle notice . see the dog tag . kyle you be in the Army ? percy navy , two tour . but the second one do not work out so well , so I do not get to go back for a third . suppose that make I lucky in a way . served with Bob , you know . that 's how I end up in this place . kyle what be it like ? be in a war ? percy Dark . like this . Kyle nod . scare . he take out he 45 . nervously switch it from hand to hand . percy so what 's with that gun ? kyle what ? percy you piece . the one you kill grandma with . do not reckon it 's for huntin ' buck . kyle no . I uh -- keep it for protection . percy Protection from what ? kyle from people . percy look at he skeptically . percy people . 58 . kyle yeah , people who might try to give I a hard time , you know ? percy just regular people or uh ... kyle yeah , well , no , not regular , regular people . percy irregular people then . kyle I be talkin ' people whose job it be to give other people a hard time . kinda person who do not get enough fiber in they diet , you know what I be sayin ? percy so it 's a work thing , be it ? kyle exactly . strictly business . percy this business of yours ... you like it ? Kyle 's eye narrow . kyle who the fuck be you to be sweatin ' I , man ? I get my reason for doin ' what I do . percy just stare at he , penetrate . finally : percy when I be a kid my father would sit by my bed every night before I would go to sleep and he would say to I , percy , if you do not wake up tomorrow , if it turn out that today be you last day on earth , would you be proud of what you have do in this life ? cuz if you be not , then you better start gettin ' square . Kyle look at percy , fear in he eye , then he turn back to the darkness ... and the evil that surround they . CUT to : 59 . the silver zippo roll between dirty finger . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - night Bob play with he trusty zippo with one hand and grill up some steak with the other . he pause in he cooking every few moment to take a slug from a can of beer . can not get it down fast enough . Sandra sit at the counter across from he , stare at a prescription bottle tip in front of she , pill spread around . Bob glance over , see the devastation in she eye . he pull another can of beer from underneath the counter , pop it and place it in front of she . bob on the house . she look up at he . smile weakly . take a sip . sandra thanks . bob you hungry ? sandra could not eat if my life depend on it . bob well I figure just cuz the world 's come to a end , it do not mean a man 's gotta starve . all I can say be thank heaven they leave the gas on . Sandra take another sip of beer . consider it . sandra never much care for beer . Howard 's the beer drinker in the family . the moment the word leave she mouth , the grief hit she again . she gather up some pill from the counter , toss they back and downs she beer like there 's no tomorrow . this be a battle she 's lose . 60 . meanwhile in a booth across the diner , audrey be fiddling with percy 's old radio . back and forth on the dial . listen for anything . nothing but static . up at the front of the diner , Jeep silently help Michael nail break table plank across the shattered window . he eye the strange tatoos run down Michael 's arm , the two jag wound visible above he shirt line . jeep what do you do ... you know , before you come here ...? Michael consider the question a beat , then : michael I be a soldier , a general , in his army . jeep well , what change ? what make you leave ? michael I be give a order I do not believe in ... ( off Jeep 's look : ) he lose faith . I have not . Michael drive the last nail into place , secure the window . jeep so what happen to you ... after this be over ? Michael pause a beat , as if unsure how much to say , then : michael sometimes we have to face the thing we fear the most in order to be free of it . Michael pick up he gun . michael it 's almost time for the next shift . Michael head for the roof , leave Jeep to stare after he , deep in think . CUT to : 61 . ext . paradise fall gas ` not grub - dawn the faintest glint of sunlight through the dark red dusty haze . a new day have force itself into existence . title : " December 24th - 6:05 be " ext . paradise gas ` not grub - roof - morning Michael be search the horizon in front of the diner for movement . his expression focus , determine . on the other side of the roof , Bob keep watch , struggle to stay awake . the beer take over . his eye droop close . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same Sandra awaken with a start . sandra Howard ? but Howard 's not there . and everyone else in the diner be still asleep . the drug have start to wear off ... and she fear be return . int . diner bathroom - continuous Sandra splashes water on she face . stare at herself in the mirror . a live wreck . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - back office - continuous Sandra step out of the bathroom . voice ( a whisper ) Sandra ... Sandra freeze . sandra who 's there ? a beat then : voice Sandra ... Sandra spin around . search . 62 . sandra Howard ? be that you ? it sure sound like Howard . voice help I ... please ... this time , it 's clear where the voice be come from . Sandra turn to face the back door . a desk block it . Sandra ever so slowly approach the door . voice ( from behind the door ) help I . Sandra ... Sandra be stricken . what the hell be she go to do ? that 's when Sandra notice the transom window above the door . she climb onto the desk and stretch up until she can see out . sandra's Pov : Howard . her husband . ten foot away from the door . naile to a upside - down cross . but wait . it get worse . his skin be cover with horrible black boil . and even worse than that . Howard 's boil be breathe . Sandra go slack with horror . howard help I , please ! Howard 's tear open shirt reveal the breathing pustule cover he body . he writhes in slow , excruciate agony . sandra Howard ! Sandra scramble down off the desk and frantically push it away from the door . she 's reach for the dead bolt when audrey and Kyle appear in the doorway . audrey Mom ! Kyle race to restrain Sandra . sandra let I go ! he 's alive ! 63. she struggle against he , throw a wild elbow that tag Kyle in the face . down he go . Sandra be about to open the door when audrey pounce on she . int . paradise gas ` not grub - same the shout from the back office awaken the rest of the sleeper . percy spring up . Charlie be shaking Jeep . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - roof - same the roar of wind rip off the plain be all that can be hear . on bob as he head drop down with drunken fatigue . sleep . rising over he to see ... Howard nail to the upside - down cross below . int . paradise gas ` not grub - back office - same Sandra and audrey be lock in battle . Sandra slap audrey hard . audrey stumble over Kyle and hit the floor . percy appear in the doorway . now be she last chance . Sandra whip open the back door and that 's when the world hit slow motion . Howard be there . a few foot away . alive . Sandra race toward he . just behind she come percy . sandra Howard ! and that 's when the speed accelerate to normal -- -- and the boil cover Howard 's body explode -- spraying stream of dark fluid toward Sandra -- -- just at the moment percy spin around she , shield she from the spray , which hit he in the back . but he 's not stop . percy push Sandra back into the diner , the door slamming close behind they . percy release Sandra , let she stumble hysterically into the room . Kyle and Jeep grab she , force she to the ground . but she 's not fight anymore . Charlie turn to look at percy who be still stand with he back to the door , breathe heavily . 64 . charlie percy ? he take a step forward , then fall to ground . the entire back side of he body be go . burn away . CUT to : a sheet cover a body . ext . paradise fall gas ` not grub - freezer room - day percy 's body lie cover on the table . Bob stare ruefully at he dead friend . a break man . tear stream down he face . he roll the Zippo between he finger . Jeep watch he father from the doorway . jeep we should get back out there ... bob just gimme another minute with he , okay ? Jeep nod , quietly leave he father at the side of he dead friend . CUT to : sandra's face catatonic . int . paradise fall gas ` not grub - a short while later Michael and Bob be tie Sandra to a chair . not like it look like she 's capable of go anywhere , but you never know . across the diner , Charlie eye Michael cautiously . Michael never go for more than a few moment without look up at she . it 's not lecherous . more like a protective father make sure he child have not stray too far . in a booth , audrey watch , red -ey , as Michael restrain she mother . then she return she attention to percy 's radio . tuning . try to find something , anything in the static . 65 . she bring she ear up close . wait . be that a voice ? she adjust the antenna , try to bring the signal into focus . clearer . audrey hey ... clearer . yes . it 's a voice ! audrey hey ! you guy , I think I get something here ! everyone drop what they be do and quickly gather around the radio . through the haze of static , a gravely , tire voice . strained beyond belief . but still broadcasting . radio voice ... battle have be fierce . the number of casualty be unknown but all indication be that they must be unimaginably large . ( beat ) if you be just join we , we be get some of the first bit of good news , if you can call it that , since this apocalypse begin just twenty - four ago . a human militia have form on the outskirt of Las Vegas and have begin to engage the enemy . also down in the four corner area , we have be receive unconfirm report of another resistance force gather in Red rock National in the northern mojave Desert area . jeep Red rock ... charlie that can not be more than a hour up the highway from here . audrey do that mean we can leave ? michael no . we be not go anywhere . bob what the hell be you talkin ' about ? this be we chance ! 66 . michael we can not risk be on the move when the child come . it 's too dangerous . Bob look over at Charlie , defeat . she shake she head , anger building . she sweep some plate off the counter and race for the bathroom . radio voice ... and as we fight this new enemy , may God give we the strength to survive and show mercy for that of we who be already lose ... CUT to : a cigarette be light . int . diner bathroom - night Charlie stand at the sink , cigarette to she lip , water run , steal a private moment . she take a deep drag , feel the smoke fill she lung , defiant . then she catch a look at herself in the mirror , run she hand along the curvature of she belly . tear well up in she eye , fear and anger overtake she . she stamp out the cigarette in a fit of frustration . int . diner - a short while later it 's quiet . drifting past sleep figure to find Charlie , wide - awake , sit at a booth , lose in think . jeep ( o.s. ) guess it 's you turn not to sleep . Charlie look up to see Jeep sit down across from she . charlie hey ... Jeep see the strain on she face . jeep you okay ? 67 . charlie you mean besides the fact that I just find out that I be the mother of the messiah ? Jeep smile , nod . charlie crazy thing be ... I do not want this baby . I even go down to the clinic , you know that ? ( off Jeep 's reaction : ) I remember sit there in the wait room , absolutely sure I be doin ' the right thing ... and that 's when the feel start . like I be fall into the deep , darkest hole imaginable . I could not breathe , I could not speak . I keep think this must be what death be like . and when finally they call my name , I run . ( beat ) for a while after that I try pretend that it be just cold foot , that I could go back if I want to , that I could decide to end it like I would plan . then I would start to have that feel again and I know I do not have a choice . somehow this have already be decide . and it make I hate this thing that 's be grow inside I . a long beat , as Jeep consider she , then : jeep you should not say thing like that , Charlie . it be not right . you will get through this . I know you will . she turn to he , the bitterness overtake she : charlie how come you have so much faith in I , Jeep ? God know I have never give you or anybody else a reason to . or be it that you just can not find any other hard - luck case to follow around ? Jeep 's face harden . he get up . hurt. frustrate . 68 . jeep you know , you be not the only who 's suffer , okay ? let I know when you stop feel sorry for yourself . and with that , Jeep walk away , leave Charlie to stare after he , disturb and surprised by he response . CUT to : ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - roof - late afternoon Sand and wind . the invisible SUN be sink . Kyle and audrey be bundle together on the roof , keep watch . Kyle be show she how to hold the mp5 . kyle ... then you just flip this -- audrey flip the safety . audrey yeah , I get it . all the way down . two click . she point the gun out into the haze like she 's be hold one all she life . off Kyle 's surprised look : audrey date this guy last summer . a marine . have a thing for gun . Parents hate he . kyle I bet they do . after a moment , audrey switch the safety back on . hand the gun over to Kyle . audrey stare into the red nothingness surround they . her expression grow distant . she seem to have age year overnight . audrey my parent hate everything I do . that 's why we be move . kyle yeah ? 69 . audrey they think a more " wholesome " environment would help I " change my way . " so fuck up . only reason they care at all be cuz they do not want to be embarrassed in front of they friend at the country club . Kyle consider she thoughtfully . kyle the only time my old man ever pay attention to I be when I be do something ' bad . so you know what I do ? audrey what ? kyle I get really good at be bad . she smile at this confession . can obviously relate . he wipe a tear from she cheek . she lean in . kiss he . passionately . desperately . his hand trace over she body . she claw at he . her passion grow out of control . she 's practically devour he . Kyle can barely keep up . it 's like something else beyond sensual need have take over . she move down he chest . further . Kyle lean he head back . further . just then the spot light that illuminate the roof sign come to life . the young couple stop to look up at the brilliant red word " paradise " illuminate above they . down below , the gas pump light up . the station 's fluorescent flicker on . int . paradise fall gas ` not grub - same all at once the entire diner come back to life . the jukebox whirs on , fill the room with merle haggard 's " I be a lonesome fugitive " . Bob 's tv glow with bright roll static . the electric fan spin on above the grill . 70 . Jeep and Michael move to look through the slat at the window . Charlie be give Sandra some water through a straw . Bob wander in , squinting at the sudden presence of light . bob we back in business ? michael I do not think so . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - roof - same the truck stop be light up like a Christmas tree . if you do not know better , you might mistake the place for business as usual . Kyle and audrey stand on the roof , take in the dramatic change . audrey be it over ? kyle I do not know . headlight appear on the highway . kyle ( raise he gun ) you better get downstairs . audrey no , I can handle it . Kyle stare at audrey 's beautiful , determine face . then he pull out he silver 45 . kyle ( hand she the gun ) just in case . the headlight become a family minivan careen wildly off the highway to stop at the pump . kyle get ready . they aim they weapon at the vehicle . a well dress man in he mid-thirty jump out of the car . he look around nervously , scared . then , see that the coast be clear , he offer a calming wave to he wife and young boy who wait anxiously for he inside the car . 71 . he race around to the gas pump . kyle ( lowering he gun ) wait a minute . audrey Kyle , be they ... a distant screech from behind . Kyle and audrey spin to look out over the back side of the diner . a army of dark shape be swarm in fast . Kyle look urgently back at the family . the father lift the pump . flip the lever . kyle it 's a trap . they see they come and turn on the light . it 's a fuck trap ! Kyle and audrey wave they arm frantically at the family . kyle and audrey hey ! get back in you car ! it 's a trap ! but down below , the man can only hear the sound of raging wind as he pump the gas . Kyle fire he gun in the air . blam ! blam ! blam ! at the sound of gunfire , the man look quickly up to the roof . his family hear it too and they start to scream to he . the man can only see silhouettes in this light , but he 's not wait around to see if it 's friend or foe . audrey watch in horror as the dark shape reach the diner . audrey they be not gonna make it . the father dash to the driver 's side . he throw open the door . but he 's too late . he look over he shoulder just in time to see a blur of movement rushing at he . his blood paint the car window . Kyle raise he mp5 to fire upon the dark shape that surround the vehicle like swarm insect . the wife and boy scream hysterically as they be tear from the vehicle by skeletal hand . 72 . audrey ( push he barrel down ) wait ! you will hit they too ! so Kyle make a desperately courageous play . he leap onto the roof 's slope overhang -- slide fast -- he drop to the ground in front of the diner . audrey Kyle ! Kyle charge the dark mob . creature peel away from the woman and boy to confront Kyle head - on . he let loose with a rain of bullet , eviscerate everything that come at he . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same the group gather at the window see Kyle racing out toward the pump . bob Jesus Christ , what the hell be that boy doin ' ! charlie we have to get `im back in here ! Bob spring into action . pushes the booth away from the front door . the sound of a gun cocking . Bob look over to see Michael point a gun at he head . michael do not . you open that door and we could all be dead . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same the possess move in from all side , but Kyle be remarkably agile , drop one after another in a stun display . he close in on the family , blast back the creature huddle around they . he find the young boy curl up with he hand protectively cover he face . Kyle swoops down and gather the boy into he arm . 73. kyle I get you ! Kyle move on to the mother . but something odd be happen . the creature have stop come at he . in fact , they be just stand there watch he . wait . Kyle freeze . close on he as he sense something terribly wrong . young boy ( o.s. ) mister ... Kyle look over at the boy in he arm . ghostly white eye stare back at he . young boy ( whisper ) fool ya . a flash of teeth as kyle's throat be torn out . Kyle drop to he knee . up on the roof , audrey watch helplessly as Kyle fall . audrey Kyle ! int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same Bob kick over a table in disgust . bob damn it all to hell ! charlie oh , no. audrey ... out the window they see audrey drop down from the roof and run towards Kyle . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same the young boy stand over Kyle , silently watch the life drain from he body . the boy look up to see audrey approach fast . tear suddenly appear in he eye . he open he arm pleadingly to she . 74 . young boy I be sorry ! I do not mean to ! audrey fuck you ! audrey raise the 45 and ... click . click . click . she keep pull the trigger . nothing . the boy 's tear stop instantly . he look at she with a eerie calm for someone so young . young boy you be gonna die now . the boy move toward audrey , step over Kyle 's body . audrey back away . she look toward the entrance to the diner . blocked by advance creature . they be everywhere . she 's trap . she notice the open door to the minivan . and so she bolt . audrey dive into the car as the throng of creature rapidly close in . she hammer the auto door lock . clunk ! she move to the center of the car as gruesome face press against the window . a nightmare come to life . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same panic . Charlie rush to Michael 's side . charlie do you have no heart ?! she 's just a kid ! but he 's immovable . charlie you can not let she die ! ( grab a gun from the table ) I swear if you do not do something , I will ! Charlie cock the gun , move toward the door . michael wait . 75 . Charlie look back at he , defiant . no one breathes . then : michael ( raise he gun ) open the door . Bob spring into action , clear the door and flipping the dead bolt . the door be open and Michael charge pass Charlie and out into hell . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - continuous with stun calm , Michael march straight for the pump . in the minivan , audrey scream as the window begin to crack . she 's run out of time . Michael grab a gas pump , flip the lever and point it at the minivan . what 's he up to ? the creature cover the car turn to look at Michael as if they have just now notice he . and that 's when he start spraying gas at they . but wait , there 's more to this trick . up come Michael 's Glock in he other hand and blam ! blam ! blam ! the spray of gas explode into a spray of FIRE ! the minivan be engulf in flame . creature tear away from the car like fiery comet through the night . the window explode , shower audrey with tiny shard of glass . Michael drop the gas pump . he reach through a fire rimmed break car window and unlock the door . audrey look up to see Michael 's expressionless face circle by a ring of FIRE . michael come with I . meanwhile , fire be spread quickly under the car ... Michael pull audrey from the flame vehicle . michael run . 76 . and together they run toward the open diner door . behind they the minivan explode . a ball of FIRE roar at they ! int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - continuous everyone 's eye go wide at the insanity they be witness . audrey be the first one in . Michael be almost there . but the fire be faster , engulfing he in flame ! charlie Michael ! bob ( pull Charlie away from the door ) get back ! bursting out of the flame , Michael march confidently into the diner . Jeep slam the door close just as the wall of FIRE reach they . everyone hit the deck as the FIRE shoot through the slat cover the window like spindly finger reach for prey . Michael 's clothes be a smoky , smolder mess . Jeep and Bob rush to pat he down . audrey 's cough from the smoke . charlie I will get some water ! Charlie dash behind the counter to the sink . she fill up a pitcher of water . she turn away from the sink with the fill pitcher ... and scream ! the young boy with the lifeless white eye stand before she wield a enormous butcher' knife . the pitcher shatter loudly on the floor . the boy swing the knife at she , slice open the waitress outfit cover she pregnant belly . Charlie tumble back to the ground behind the counter . she frantically push herself away from the approach boy . 77 . but she do not have far to go before she will run out of room to maneuver . young boy c'mon , do not be scared . I just wanna play with you baby . that 's it . she 's back against the end of the counter ! the boy raise the knife to strike . Charlie grab a baking pan off a shelf . swing it out in front of she body like a shield , as the knife be driven down . clang ! the knife hit the pan hard and stop . but the boy 's hand do not . they slip off the handle and run right down the blade . the knife clatter to the ground . the boy instinctively raise he hand to strike again , but there 's no knife . Charlie watch in horror as the boy calmly realize that he thumb be missing . blood spray from the stump . Charlie pull she leg in close then rocket they out at the boy 's chest . he 's catapult away from she . Michael leap over the counter , landing in front of Charlie , gun ready for action . but the boy be go . michael be you hurt ? Charlie shake she head no . charlie where be he ?! that 's when the electricity go out once again , plunging the diner back into darkness . jeep' voice he 's still in here ! flashlight beam fan out across the diner . lighting under chair . under table . bob' voice where the fuck be he ?! a scampering SOUND ... moving fast . everybody spin to track the location of the sound . 78 . as soon as they move in one direction , the scampering be hear in another . Jeep 's light catch something on the ground . a trail of blood . jeep he 's bleed ! the beam of light join together , moving fast to track the blood across the diner where it end at ... a wall ... Jeep raise he light up the wall where the trail of blood reach the ceiling and ... stop . bob what the fuck ? screech ! the bloody boy spring off a table behind they and land on bob be back . Bob flail around try to pull the boy 's small , but deadly strong arm away from he neck . jeep dad ! Jeep can not get a clear shot . Bob 's gasp for air . Michael grab the boy and fiercely rip he off of Bob 's back . he swing the boy around like a live shot put . michael get ready ! Jeep and Bob whip up they gun as Michael throw the wick creature into the air . Sandra 's vacant face flicker in the light as the SOUND of gunfire and inhuman scream fill the diner . and then in moment ... all be quiet . behind the counter , audrey help Charlie to she foot . she wince . double over , clutching she stomach . charlie oh , no ! Michael lower he flashlight . clear fluid run down Charlie 's leg . CUT to : 79 . ext . paradise gas ` not grub - late night inky darkness . a flicker light emanate from within the diner . title : " December 25th - 3:33 be " the sound of charlie' scream , carry we to : int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - late night Charlie , drench in sweat be writhe on the ground with Michael hold down she arm and audrey kneel between she leg . pot of steaming water surround they . audrey what be I suppose to do ? just `cause I be a girl do not mean I automatically know how to do this ! michael just do as I say . audrey yeah , but , how do you know how to do this ?! ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - roof - same Bob and Jeep keep watch . the spectral light in the distance seem to be grow larger -- closer . Charlie 's scream rise up from below . bob what a way to bring a child into the world . ( look over at Jeep ) she ever tell you he name ? jeep she 's never say . I just assume it be Joe danver . you know how she 's always have a thing for bad boy . Bob hear the spite in Jeep 's voice . 80 . bob Jeep , sooner or later she will realize you be the best thing that 's ever happen to she . jeep I think you say I should move on ? bob can not a father be wrong sometimes ? Jeep consider Bob with a smile , then come the sound ... a deep , long , body rumbling tone rise up off the plain , as if emanate from the large horn ever construct . jeep what be that ...? the spectral light dot the landscape now with untold number . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - continuous Michael react to the sound . a urgency come over he . audrey arrive with more steaming water . audrey what be that ?! michael he 's come . we have to hurry . audrey who 's come ? whaddya mean hurry ? this be not something you can exactly hurry , be it ? michael Charlie , I need you to push . I need you to push as hard as you can . audrey Michael , who 's come ?! Charlie push , tear stream down she face , delirious with pain . it 's a gruesome , bloody affair . it 's get close . michael we be almost there ... 81 . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - roof - same Jeep and Bob watch helplessly as the army of creature have close within a hundred yard of the diner . they rank stretch back seemingly without end into the darkness . jeep we be not gonna make it outta here , be we ? Bob look at he son . the agony stretch across he face . bob I be sorry Jeep . this should not be happen to you ... Jeep rest a comforting hand on he father 's shoulder . Bob pull he son close and hug he with all he might , tear fill he eye . int . paradise gas ` not grub - same amidst the dirt and darkness , Charlie let out a final agonizing scream ... ... and then come a baby cry . audrey , eye wide , hold up the child . stun . elate . audrey oh my god ... we do it ! Charlie , you do it ! audrey place the child in Charlie 's arm . she stare at the baby , hold it at a distance , unsure of whether to embrace it or be terrify by it . a commitment she 's not yet ready to make , even at this late hour . audrey ( confuse ) it 's okay . the baby 's okay . Charlie look to audrey , tear stream down she face . charlie I do not ... i... audrey look to Michael , unsure . michael take he ... give she a minute . audrey nod , take the baby back from Charlie , try to soothe he by pace around the diner . 82. audrey it 's okay ... it 's okay ... shhh ... another drone of the horn rattle the wall . menace . closer . audrey react , cross to the counter , turn on the radio , try to drow out the sound of the approach menace . out of the static , the haunt sound of bing crosby sing silent night fill the room . the quiet before the storm . Michael help Charlie quickly clean herself up . she stare at he , a burn spite in she eye . charlie so be we safe now ? be it over ? michael no. killing the child would have end the war before it have begin . now , at least , he will have a chance to grow up , a chance to lead the world out of darkness . that word provide she little comfort . charlie and what happen until then ...? michael you will need to teach he how . Charlie shake she head , this be all too much . charlie what make you think I can do that ? what make you think I want to do that ? if he 's so important , why do not you take he ? michael each of we have a burden . this one be yours and yours alone . maybe someday you will understand what that mean . off Charlie 's look , we move across the diner where audrey approach she mother , kneel down in front of she . despite how much she mother piss she off , it break she heart to see she in such a demoralize state . audrey mama ? can you hear I ? ( hold up the baby ) we do it ... the baby 's alive . ( more ) 83. audrey ( cont would ) ( beat ) mama ? if Sandra hear she daughter , it do not show in she face . tear well up in audrey 's eye as she move away from she mother . but we hold here and ... drift down behind the chair to reveal Sandra 's hand be loosen the bond . blood trickle from where the rope 's cut through she skin . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same drifting through the dark shape as the baby cry reverberate up and down the rank . they begin to look about frantically , agitate by the sound . some even begin to back away from the diner . dissolve to : ext . desert - continuous off in the distance , the diner be but a dim flicker light above the plain . it could almost be mistaken for a stable in a desert town a long time ago . three star burn bright and low in the black sky . all around we the dark creature be cower from sound of the crying infant whose wail seem to grow even louder the further away from the diner we get . high above the truck stop in the darkness below we see the light of the legion of creature dot the landscape and at the center of it all , the truck stop . the sound of wing beat against the wind . and we're drifting down toward the diner entrance . like a bird circle its prey . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same Jeep and Bob enter the diner to see Michael help Charlie to she foot , while audrey continue to pace , the bundle of bloody blanket cradle in she arm . jeep something 's happen . they be move away . 84 . michael the possess can not come near the child , so he send someone that can . someone like I . bob who ? michael Gabriel . my lieutenant . he 's come to do what I would not . on jeep as the realization hit he . jeep you order ... Michael look at Jeep . jeep you be the one who be suppose to kill the baby ? that be the order you do not obey . Michael nod grimly . Charlie look urgently at Michael . charlie what 's he talk about ? the baby cry louder . charlie Michael , what the hell 's he talk about ?! michael there be never mean to be a second come . but we have just change that . the child life . the future be unwritten . there 's still hope . Charlie , shake by this revelation , reach out to audrey . charlie audrey ...? audrey move to hand over the baby to Charlie ... ... and that's when sandra spring out of her chair and snatch the baby from audrey' arm ! Sandra back away from they , move toward the front door . hers be the face of madness . 85 . sandra stay away from I ! do not come any closer ! audrey Mom ! bob do not do it , lady ! sandra you hear what he say . they just want the baby . maybe if we just give it to they , then they will let we go ! Michael cock he gun . point it at Sandra . the horn blare once more , deafening , shaking everything in the diner . it's right outside the door . Charlie square off with Sandra , panic in she eye . charlie give he to I ! sandra why ?! you never want he in the first place ! Charlie stare at she in horror , the truth of that word rattling she to the very core . charlie no ... I ... Sandra be almost to the front door . sandra it 's just one baby . just one . crash ! the door be torn off its hinges . a brilliant spectral light pour into the diner . Sandra be blind . she raise a hand to block the light . and that 's when Michael fire . blam ! Sandra stagger back , blood drip from the hole in she forehead , and ... ... the baby goe flying out of her hand ! Charlie scream and the world move into slow motion ... and everything suddenly go very quiet . 86 . Michael fire again . blow Sandra 's body back through the doorway . Jeep watch the baby sail slowly through the air . the time for Jeep to act be now ! Jeep dive for the baby ... catch the bundle of rag mere inch from the ground ! and then he look up to see ... the dark silhouette of a man approach from out of the spectral light . a man with wing . Jeep 's eye grow wide as the fierce angel step into the diner . but this look like no angel we have see before . this be a creature build for war . Rough hewn , battle scar . his body armor make he appear disturbingly insect like . his wing be not feathery or gentle . Rather they be hard , mechanical , a organic machine . the angel 's wing retract with clockwork - like precision . and now that we see the he face clearly , we notice he strike resemblance to Michael . we might even mistake they for brother . his name be gabriel . Gabriel raise a massive , ferocious , strangely mechanical look mace in he powerful hand . and the world return to normal speed as Gabriel bring the mace arcing down at Jeep . Jeep roll ! clang ! the weapon just miss he , hit the floor in a spray of spark , literally cracking the ground . Gabriel bring the mace up again . Jeep will not be so lucky twice . bob ( o.s. ) sonuvabitch ! Bob charge at the creature , sub-machine gun blaze . Gabriel react by instantly unfolding he wing and launching himself into the air . the bullet claw up the wall behind he . but Bob 's heroic move have give Jeep time to get up and run with the baby for the back of the diner . he thrust the child into Charlie 's hand . and without even think , she pull the child protectively to she chest . 87 . Gabriel drop down in front of Bob , whipping he wing around like a deadly , razor sharp fan ! Bob stop fire , a look of surprise stretch over he face . his gun fall from he hand . blood begin to pour out of the slice across he belly . jeep no ! with a sweep of he hand , Gabriel send Bob fly across the diner where he crash down behind the counter near the stove . Michael grab jeep' hand before the boy can rush back into the fray . michael no , Jeep ! you must protect the child now ! jeep I ?! what about you ? michael my path end here . you be the true protector . you always have be . Jeep shake he head , panic set in . jeep but I do not know what to do ! michael find the prophet . learn to read the instruction . Michael let go of Jeep 's hand and turn away to face Gabriel , leave Jeep to contemplate that final word . jeep prophet ? what prophet ? what instruction ?! and that 's when Jeep open he hand to find the keys to Michael 's Police cruiser . Jeep look up from the key to see Charlie , audrey and the baby . the responsibility crash in on he . then he close he hand around the key , determination building . jeep c'mon ! 88. Charlie look past Jeep to see Michael return to the fray . charlie wait ! we can not leave he ! jeep we have no choice ! we have to get to Red rock ! he pull Charlie past the counter toward the back office . Jeep stop when he see he father 's break body lie on the ground by the stove in a pool of he own blood . Bob 's half open eye focus on he son . in he outstretch hand be that goddamn zippo lighter ... and next to that , a broken gas pipe lead to the stove . Jeep be terrify . jeep dad ! Jeep try to help he up . bob leave I , Jeep . my place be here , remember ? jeep but dad ...! Bob smile weakly at he son and say simply : bob run . and so Jeep , fight back tear , do what he father say . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - back office - continuous audrey and Jeep push the desk away from the door . Charlie open it . Sand swirl in around she . and Jeep lead the trio out the door . int . paradise gas ` not grub - same Michael and Gabriel square off in the diner , not like enemy , but like brother on opposite side of a terrible family conflict . 89 . michael I know he would send you , Gabriel . you be always so eager to please him . gabriel unlike you ... the rebellious son . ( notice Michael 's scar ) pity about you wing . they would have help you now . michael to not feel they burden ... be a dream . gabriel you think you can defy him and not pay the price ? michael the child life . what happen to I do not matter now . gabriel your be a fool 's sacrifice . you can help they sneak out the back door , but they will not escape . ( beat ) and neither will you , brother . Michael slowly approach Gabriel . michael ( soft ) I be not run anymore . Gabriel hesitates , doubt clouding he face . this be not what he be expect . michael ( sensing ) join with I . you do not need do this . there 's another way . a beat , then Gabriel 's expression harden . gabriel there be no other way ... he pull back from Michael , raise the mace -- sching ! -- long deadly sharp spike burst from all its side ... as if it be not bad - ass enough . and the fight begin . 90 . it 's mace against machine gun and strangely enough , it seem under Gabriel 's deat control , the mace be the vastly superior weapon . with the aid of he wing , Gabriel move with staggering speed , defy gravity to avoid the rain of bullet . the place be get absolutely shot to hell . Michael leap from table top to table top as Gabriel bring the mace brutally down -- splintering everything it touch . Michael leap onto the last unbroken table top -- spin to fire . Gabriel push into the air , jabbing a spike straight into the barrel of Michael 's mp5 . the gun explode in Michael 's hand , send he rocketing backwards where he land on the counter . Gabriel swoops in fast . Michael kick he in the chest , send he flutter back . Michael thrust himself to he foot . Gabriel recover , jab again . Michael grab a hold of Bob 's ceiling mount tv for support and lift he body just above the deadly spike . Michael kick Gabriel in the head , momentarily stun he . Michael dive at Gabriel , landing a awesome flurry of punch . Gabriel be rattle back by the assault . he clumsily lift he mace and thrust with it . Michael narrowly evade the razor point , which drive into a wall . Michael smashes down on Gabriel 's wrist , cracking the bone . a swift kick to the chest and Gabriel be thrust crash back , lose he grip on the weapon . Michael take a run leap onto Gabriel 's back . Gabriel launch wildly into the air , try to throw Michael off . they hit the ceiling , but Michael hang on . choke the life out of Gabriel . ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - continuous audrey and Jeep help Charlie quickly move around the side of the diner where the cruiser be park . they be buffete by wind and sand . Jeep put Charlie and the baby into the front passenger seat while audrey hustle in back . 91 . Jeep round to the driver 's side . hop in . int . police cruiser - continuous Jeep frantically try to get the right key into the ignition . it 's in . Jeep turn the key but the engine struggle to FIRE up . panic . charlie come on , Jeep ! jeep I be try ! Jeep give it some gas , but the engine's not catch . a dark shape pounce onto the hood of the car . the light catch it , revealing the disfigure face and beard of a shopping mall santa claus , he oversize belly gruesomely distend . Charlie scream . jeep fuck ! Jeep pump the gas and the engine burst to life ! the creature 's about to punch a fist through the glass jeep ( throw the car in reverse ) hang on ! Jeep floor it , cause the cruiser to rocket backwards toward the highway . but the creature hang on ! Jeep pull the wheel hard and the cruiser whip around a full 180 onto the road . the creature shoot off the car and hit the asphalt . Jeep throw it in drive just as the possessed santa rise from the pavement . pedal to the metal . 92 . the creature do not have a chance as the cruiser plows into he . bone crunch as a flash of red and white be send sailing over the car and tumble down onto the road behind they in a cloud of dust . Jeep clenches the wheel , pedal to the floor . jeep okay , we need to figure out we weapon situation . hopefully Michael do not take everything out of the car . Jeep place he Glock on the dash . he see that he 's get a police issue shotgun in the front seat rack . Charlie search under she seat . pull out a... grenade . charlie be this what I think it be ? jeep yes . now just put it down ... slowly . Charlie place it onto the seat . audrey fish around in the backseat . audrey ( hold up each item ) okay , all I get be a flare gun thing . look like we get a box of flare to go with it . jeep okay . okay . handgun . shotgun . a a flare gun ... and a grenade . alright. ( hand Charlie the Glock ) load this . ( beat ) audrey , can you figure out how to load that flare gun without kill we all ? audrey I can try . jeep try real hard , okay ? audrey anxiously set about load the flare gun . 93. int . paradise fall gas ` not grub - same Gabriel fly into a wall in a attempt to crush Michael . he fail that but succeed in leave a massive dent . Gabriel run / fly for the opposite wall . this one do not hold and the two enemy crash through it into the bathroom . unbelievably Michael be still hold on . Gabriel be up . he thrust himself back into the bathroom mirror . it shatter painfully behind Michael . Gabriel rage out of the bathroom and into the diner . Michael continue to ride he like a wild bull . Gabriel slam Michael into a wall once more . it 's a brutal struggle . Gabriel spot he mace stick out of the wall within arm reach . he grab it , hold it futilely in front of he . from this angle he would never be able to hit Michael with it . Gabriel 's strength be give way . Michael be win . Gabriel let out a tremendous roar and plunge one of the mace 's long spike into he own stomach . Michael 's eye go wide with surprise , he grip loosen . Gabriel have run they both through . Gabriel rip the mace from he body and stumble forward . blood pour from a huge hole in Michael 's chest . right through he heart . Gabriel look down at the hole in he own belly . not nearly as bad as Michael 's . apparently there 's not a lot of blood leave in this guy . Michael fall to he knee . weaken . Gabriel loom over Michael . Michael look up at he , blood leak from he mouth . gabriel you always want to live like one of they ... now you will know how it feel to die like one of they . Gabriel raise the mighty mace above he head . Michael close he eye . submit . the mace come swinging down ... 94 . int . police cruiser - drive - same the cruiser hit the fly STORM . Black . nothing be visible beyond the window . buz surround they . deafening . Jeep turn on the windshield wiper . Hit the brights . ping ! ping ! ping ! driving blind ! on the speedometer as they speed slow to a crawl . audrey go faster ! jeep I can not fuckin ' see ! Charlie 's desperately try to soothe she scream baby . on the AIR vent as fly start crawl in . jeep oh , no . int . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same Gabriel be look down upon Michael 's break body . something be happen to he skin . the dark writing that cover he body be beginning un-write itself and disappear ... int . police cruiser - drive - same Charlie be struggle to close the air vent to stop the inflow of buz insect . it 's not work ! she look to Jeep in desperation , but something more frightening catch she attention . the intricate writing be beginning to appear on Jeep 's arm , snake its way up from he wrist like vine . charlie Jeep , you arm ! Jeep see it , eye go wide . charlie what be it ? a beat , as Jeep remember Michael 's parting word ... 95 . jeep the instruction ... int . paradise gas ` not grub - same Gabriel watch as the last of the write fade from Michael 's body when he hear a faint clicking sound from somewhere in the diner . Gabriel move gracefully through the destroy diner , toward the source of the clicking . he step behind the counter and find Bob lie in a massive pool of blood . it take the creature a moment to realize that the clicking sound be come from Bob 's silver zippo . Bob be focus every last ounce of life in he body to lighting that lighter . click ... click ... click ... Bob look at Gabriel . bob sorry ... we be close . and with one last brush of he thumb , Bob 's trusty zippo ignite . Gabriel 's eye go wide as the tiny flame dance in front of the stove 's break gas line . Gabriel spin and run like hell as the gas explode . a stream of FIRE engulf he as he wing unfold and he leap into awesome fiery flight . int . police cruiser - drive - continuous the massive explosion rock the slow move vehicle . in the rearview mirror , Jeep see the cloud of FIRE mushrooming up in the sky behind they . it 's eerily magnificent . charlie the swarm , it 's fade ! Jeep look back to the road as , sure enough , the fly swarm suddenly dissipate all around they , revealing a clear view of the highway ahead . Jeep know at what price this good fortune have come . 96 . jeep thank you ... and that's when the word " paradise " crash down like a ball of FIRE onto the road directly in front of they ! jeep oh , shit ! ext . highway - continuous the cruiser punch through the burn " paradise " sign , smash it into fiery piece ! the cruiser charge on down the endless highway , burn bit of sign swirl in its wake . int . police cruiser - drive - continuous from the back seat , audrey watch the fire recede into the distance . audrey I can not believe it . be it really over ...? up front Jeep stare out at the dark road ahead . jeep no ... it 's just start ... ext . paradise fall gas ' not grub - same Burning wreckage everywhere . drifting through it until we settle on the spike -scepter stick firmly in the ground . flame ring the handle . ext . highway - same the cruiser blaze down the highway . int . police cruiser - drive - same Charlie cradle the baby , apprehensive . the baby look up at she , smile . she can not help but smile back at he . Jeep eye she . 97 . jeep better not hold he too long . might get attach . Charlie look over , feel he linger anger . charlie look , I be sorry for what I say to you earlier , `bout you follow I around . I do not mean it . jeep nothin ' to be sorry about . it 's true . I do follow you around . at least now I know there be a good reason . Charlie 's react , a bit stung . Jeep try to hide he pleasure that the table have turn at least a little . Charlie be about to respond when audrey lean in from the back seat . audrey we be here . she point ahead to a beat up road sign that say : " now enter Red rock National Park , next Rest stop 30 mile " jeep okay , all we gotta do be -- crash ! the roof buckle above they . the window blow out . ext . red rock national park rood - continuous gabriel smashes down on the cruiser' roof with massive force ! using he mighty wing for balance he begins to stomp on the roof , crushing it down as if it be a soda can ! int . police cruiser - drive - continuous Jeep , Charlie and audrey slip frantically down in they seat as the roof press down at they . the window burst . Jeep grab the Glock and fire wildly up at the roof . 98 . ext . police cruiser - drive - continuous Gabriel take a direct hit in the thigh , cause he to slide off the roof and onto the trunk where he grab a hold of the rear window frame for support . int . police cruiser - drive - continuous with tremendous strength , Gabriel pull he upper body through the break back window toward audrey . audrey Jeep ! Jeep swing the gun around . jeep duck ! blam ! Gabriel take one in the shoulder , but it do not slow he down . jeep audrey , the flare gun ! audrey desperately try to load a flare while avoid Gabriel 's grasp . Jeep can not get off another shot without the risk of hit audrey . Gabriel be almost entirely in the car now . audrey swing the flare gun toward Gabriel , but he knock she hand aside just as she pull the trigger and the flare go off inside the car ! Jeep duck . the car swerve madly . the flare ricochet through the cabin , lighting it up like the fourth of July ! Gabriel lunge for Charlie just as the flare bounce off the windshield - ping ! - and nail he right in the face , setting he hair ablaze . and that give Jeep the chance to swing around and FIRE . boom ! Gabriel be blow back partially through the rear window . he hold onto the car with a iron grip . start to pull himself back in . nothing slow this guy down . Jeep pull the trigger again and ... click . no bullet ! audrey frantically reload the flare gun . bring it up to fire , but he 's too fast ! whack ! Gabriel knock she into the side of the car with a sweep of he hand . she 's out cold . 99 . now he 's claw he way unobstructed toward Charlie again . Jeep know there 's only one thing to do . jeep get down on the floor ! Charlie push herself and the baby down on the floor in front of the passenger seat . Jeep punch it . the speedometer leap ahead . 70...80...90 ... Gabriel 's now completely in the car . they be helpless . Gabriel lunge over the passenger seat , grasp for Charlie , he ferocious hand only inch from she and the baby , when ... audrey ( o.s. ) get off she , you fuck asshole ! audrey leap onto Gabriel , pull he away from Charlie just in time . he flail wildly about but this young girl ride he like one helluva a cowboy . 100 ... 110 ...120 ... audrey do it , Jeep ! do it now ! jeep slam on the break , sending gabriel and audrey shoot forward through the windshield like a bullet . the intertwined body of Gabriel and audrey hit the road with a sicken crunch and roll into a ball of FIRE . ext . red rock park - continuous the cruiser spin out of control , swerving off the road and careen into a large rock formation . this ride be over . int . police cruiser - continuous Jeep 's side of the car be crush . blood be run down he forehead . Charlie crawl up from the floor . charlie c'mon , Jeep ! 100 . he try to focus on she . charlie Jeep ! she kick open she door and begin pull he out . jeep the baby ? charlie alive . jeep and what about ... charlie nothing could have survive that . jeep ( anguished ) audrey ... charlie she save we , Jeep . audrey save we . now c'mon , we gotta go ! Charlie , the baby bundle in she hand , lead Jeep away from the demolish cruiser . ext . red rock ridge - pre-dawn Jeep and Charlie , batter and bruise , struggle to make the long climb up the ridge . Charlie look up . star completely fill the pre-dawn sky . breathtake . charlie how can this happen ? jeep what ? charlie how can this happen in a world so beautiful ? Jeep follow she gaze to the sky . Endless star . confound . Jeep shift he eye to the top of the ridge just ahead . 101 . jeep c'mon , we be almost there . they be only a few step from the edge of the ridge when -- gabriel rocket up in front of they ! Charlie scream ! Jeep push she and the baby out of the way just as Gabriel come down hard in front of they , kick up a cloud of dust . Gabriel 's mechanical wing haltingly retract . the crash have do some serious damage . much of he skin have burn away . chunks of he armor and flesh be miss as well , include a large part of he head , revealing that under he human visage be a nightmarish creature . Gabriel charge at Jeep fast . Jeep whip up he Glock , blam ! Gabriel take the bullet , then slap the gun out of Jeep 's hand . Jeep throw a wild punch , connect with Gabriel 's chin , rock he back . more annoyed than surprised , Gabriel knock Jeep savagely to the ground . Jeep struggle quickly to he foot , come right back at Gabriel swinging . but Gabriel simply knock he to the dirt again . Jeep slowly get up once more , bleed , hurt . raise he fist . this kid will simply not give up . Jeep move in again , swinging hard , but Gabriel block it , shoot out a hand and grab Jeep by throat , lift he clear off the ground . gabriel so brave . so pointless . you should have worried more about save yourself . Jeep 's foot dangle . his eye bulge out . he claw at Gabriel 's iron - fast grip , but there 's no hope . Charlie watch in horror . charlie stop ! please ! do not kill he ! but Gabriel be do just that . Jeep be rapidly lose consciousness . the battle be lose . gabriel go to sleep ... Jeep 's eye flutter . he 's almost go . 102 . charlie stop it ! i'll give you the baby ! this get Gabriel 's attention . Charlie climb to she foot , hold the bloody bundle out to he . charlie I do not want this responsibility ! tear run down she face . she 's dead fuck serious . Gabriel let go of Jeep . he fall to the ground , gasp desperately for air . jeep Charlie , no ! Gabriel take the bundle from Charlie , turn away from she . gabriel " and as the child 's cry be extinguish , a eternal darkness at last descend upon the world . " he peel the cloth back , revealing ... the grenade . he spin around to face Charlie . she 's hold the pin . kaboom ! gabriel be blown to bloody bit . the creature be go at last . the sound of a baby cooing . Charlie pick the child up out of the brush . she help Jeep to he foot and together they slowly make they way to the top of the ridge . ext . red rock ridge - dawn Jeep and Charlie stand overlook the desert valley below . on there face , reacting to what they see . Charlie take Jeep 's hand in hers . 103 . jeep we make it . charlie yep , we sure do . and now we see it too : the mojave desert - dawn vast. barren . no sign of life . no resistance force . no nothing . on jeep and charlie take it in . breathe hard . jeep I be sure they be just over the next ridge . he glance at Charlie . worry in she eye . charlie what if we be on we own now ? jeep do not be afraid . we will be okay . ( beat ) believe I . at that word , Charlie look deep into Jeep 's eye . see a confidence in they she 's never see before . and she lean in and kiss he . tender . when they part , Jeep stare back at she with surprise . then the surprise melt into a smile . and they descend the ridge ... out of sight , leave we with a view once again of -- the mojave desert - dawn a blood red SUN rise behind the distant mountain . the unbearable cold will soon become a unbearable heat . and we be back where we start . a young woman' voice . solemn . weary . determined . 104 . it's charlie' voice . charlie' voice someday when my son be older , I will tell he about the time of he birth when all the world be cover in a great darkness ... dissolve to : int . car - drive - morning - week later Jeep be at the wheel . he look age , scar from the experience . his expose arm be completely cover with the intricate writing ... the instruction . the boy he once be be go at last and the warrior protector have replace he . charlie' voice ... and how just at the moment when everything seem lose ... Charlie sit across from he , the baby cradle in she arm . it 's strange , but you might actually mistake they for a happy family . of course you will have to ignore the arsenal of weaponry in the back seat . charlie' voice ( cont 'd ) ...a mighty warrior fall in order to save I . Jeep glance over at Charlie and the baby . he smile at the image of maternal bliss . charlie' voice ( cont 'd ) and a boy face he fear and rise up to save we all . the sun shine through the car window , fill we eye with its fiery light . the end