executive producer : Aziz ansari episode # 208 executive producer : Alan Yang script # 208 executive producer : Michael schur prod # 02006 executive producer : David miner executive producer : Dave Becky executive producer : igor srubshchik masier ©! ) none as universal television '' 2016 universal Television LLC '' Thanksgiving '' ( # 208 ' as - aire 's ) written by Aziz ansari & lena waithe directed by melina matsoukas pink revision page 10/19/16 blue revision page 10/13/16 shoot draft 10/12/16 production draft 10/02/16 revised table draft 09/27/16 table draft 09/20/16 network draft 08/03/16 all rights reserve . not to be duplicated without permission . this material be the property of universal Television LLC and be intend solely for use by its personnel . the sale , copying , reproduction or exploitation of this material , in any form be prohibit . distribution or disclosure of this material to unauthorize person be also prohibit . cast list dev DENISE catherine joyce kid dev kid DENISE pre - teen dev pre - teen DENISE ernestine teen DENISE teen dev michelle nikki set list interior exterior watkins family apartment n/a kitchen / dine room kitchen pre -teen DENISE 's room dine room teen DENISE 's room college DENISE 's room modern DENISE 's room live room diner master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 1 . pink revision page 10/19/16 int . watkins family apartment - kitchen / dine room - day - 1991 denise 's mom and grandma , catherine and ernestine , be with Catherine 's friend , joyce . they be prepping for Thanksgiving dinner while watch the price be right . joyce where denise at ? catherine she 's upstairs with she little boyfriend . joyce oh , wait , denise get a little boyfriend ?! catherine mm-hmm . two kid , around age 8 , run in . it 's kid dev and kid DENISE . denise be dress femininely and conservatively . ernestine y’all better stop run through this house . kid DENISE yes , grandma . catherine denise , what be y'all do up there ? kid DENISE watch Fresh Prince . catherine you be not eat candy , be you ? kid DENISE no. catherine dev , do y'all even celebrate Thanksgiving in you house ? be that a thing y’all do in the indian community ? kid dev we have lunch together . then my dad watch the godfather and fall asleep . catherine ( laugh ) well , you be welcome to come have Thanksgiving with we anytime you want . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 2. pink revision page 10/19/16 3 continued : 3 kid DENISE what 's '' the indian community '' ? catherine dev be indian . kid DENISE wait ... I think dev be black . kid dev I be brown ! kid DENISE Black people be brown too ! catherine oh lord . okay , look , both of you be minority . kid DENISE what 's a minority ? catherine it 's a group of people that have to work twice as hard in life to get half as far . and denise , you a black woman , so you gonna have to work three time as hard . joyce I know that 's right . catherine mm-hmm . you be both gonna be disenfranchise . ma . ernestine I be come . kid DENISE like a McDonald 's ? joyce what ? kid DENISE McDonald 's be a franchise . when people open up they own McDonald 's , they just pay the big McDonald 's man a license fee so they can run it . that 's what a franchise be . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 3 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : ( 2 ) 3 catherine denise , how the hell do you know what a franchise be , but you do not know that dev be not black ? kid dev I be confuse . I be a McDonald 's ? Catherine be exasperate . catherine you be a McDonald 's and denise be a Burger King . now , both of y’all sit on down so we can get ready to eat . denise and dev sit at the table . joyce and I be a big old White Castle , so ... everyone laugh . joyce ( cont 'd ) ooh , this look good . catherine we gonna say grace first . joyce oh . open credit . int . watkins family apartment - kitchen - day - 1995 Catherine , ernestine , and Joyce do they Thanksgiving prep , circa 1995 . joyce ooh , tell you mama to stop smoking in the kitchen . ernestine child , I be old . I can smoke wherever I want . joyce drop ash all in the potato ... ernestine it add flavor . joyce I do not want no Newport potato . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 4 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : 4 ernestine I be try to help . int . watkins family apartment —- pre - teen DENISE 's room - day - 5 1995 tight shot : a music video on a small tv in denise 's room : '' Brown sugar '' by D ’angelo . pull out to reveal : pre -teen dev and pre -teen DENISE be now older , around 12 . dev be wear a suit . they be dance and have fun . there be poster on the wall of jasmine guy , Jennifer aniston , Hilary from Fresh Prince , whitney Houston . pre -teen dev ( sing ) '' skin be caramel / with the cocoa eye / even get a big sister by the name of chocolate thai . '' Catherine open the door . pre -teen dev ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) '' Brown sugar baaaabe , I get high off you love , do not know how to behave . '' catherine what be y’all do in here ? dev , now , what you know bout brown sugar . you be 12 year old . you still get some of you baby tooth . now y’all be not get no business listen to this song . look at denise over there , stare at D ’angelo . cut to the tv . denise be actually stare at the woman in the video . Catherine hang a pink , fluffy dress on denise 's closet door . catherine ( cont 'd ) denise , put on you dress so you can look nice for dinner . denise look at the dress , skeptical . int . watkins family apartment - pre - teen DENISE 's room - day - 6 later - 1995 denise have the dress on , she look at herself in the mirror . she make a disgust face . pre -teen DENISE man , this be some bullshit . master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 5 . pink revision page 10/19/16 int . watkins family apartment - kitchen / dine room - afternoon - 1995 dev and the family be downstairs . denise come down dress '' denise style '' but in kid mode - blue jean overall , Cross color shirt , and some LA gear sneaker . she walk downstairs in slow motion as '' flava in ya ear ( remix ) '' by Craig mack . catherine denise , that do not look like the clothes I pick out for you ! what happen to that nice dress ? pre -teen DENISE it do not fit right ! catherine you better make it fit . pre -teen DENISE why can not I just wear this ? it 's just we . arsenio be not come ? pre -teen dev arsenio be come ?! pre -teen DENISE no ! joyce Catherine , let that child wear what she wanna wear . and you watch you tone . pre -teen DENISE thanks , aunt Joyce . joyce all right , ernestine , hurry up and say this prayer . ernestine thank you , Jesus , for bring all we family together in one room for another watkin family Thanksgiving . I want to bless all the hand that make the food . I want to bless the family that 's here today . I also want to bless the extend family that 's here , little dev. I also want to bless -- joyce we get it . God be able . Jesus wept . can we please talk about 0.j .? ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 6 . pink revision page 10/19/16 7 continued : 7 ernestine I do not know what we gonna talk about . he do not do it . pre -teen DENISE what about all that blood ? how you know , grandma ? ernestine ' Cause I just know ! catherine ooh , if Nicole be black , we would not even be talk about this . ernestine I know that 's right . joyce honey , they be always try take down we black icon . ernestine mm-hmm . joyce look at Michael ! catherine oh ! joyce I still do not believe he touch they kid . catherine child , anytime this folk see a black man come up in the world , make himself enough money to get himself a white woman , they try to frame he . pre -teen DENISE what about clarence Thomas ? ernestine fuck he ass . 8 int . watkins family apartment - kitchen - day - 1999 Catherine and ernestine prep for Thanksgiving . time have advanced a few year , circa 1999 . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 7 . pink revision page 10/19/16 8 continued : 8 ernestine you do not put no parsnip in that dress , do you ? catherine no , mama . no parsnip . ernestine that 's my least favorite vegetable . I hate they sucker . 9 int . watkins family apartment - teen DENISE 's room — day - 1999 teen DENISE and teen dev , around age 16 , play card . denise be wear baggy clothes , Tommy hilfiger , fubu . a 90 version of current denise attire . teen DENISE man , I tell you this be stupid . you can not play spade with two people . teen dev I be try to make it work . you want to play spade . let 's see if aunt Joyce want to play . teen DENISE she get a gambling problem . she can not be around play card no more . Teen denise put she card down . teen DENISE ( cont ’d ) hey , could I talk to you about something ? teen dev yeah , sure . what 's up ? teen DENISE you know erica ? teen dev White erica or black erica ? teen DENISE Nah , mix erica . teen dev oh , yeah , I know mix erica . she 's cute . teen DENISE Nah , mix erica 's fine as hell . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 8 . pink revision page 10/19/16 9 continued : 9 teen dev okay ... teen DENISE that 's what I be try to say . like ... I like she . I have a crush on she . teen dev wait , be you try to tell I that you be ... you know ? teen DENISE lebanese . teen dev what ? you be from Lebanon ? teen DENISE no . I just -- I do not know how to -- I be not comfortable with the word , uh ... ( quietly ) lesbian . teen dev all right . so we will say you be lebanese . I mean , I always think there be a good chance . you be the only girl who wear jordan to the spring fling . and you get that jasmine guy poster up for year . I always feel like it be not about she act . teen DENISE and I have be dress like Da brat since preschool . teen dev you gonna tell you mom ? teen DENISE be gay be not exactly something black people love to talk about . teen dev why ? teen DENISE some black people think be gay 's a choice . and when they find out that they kid be gay , they try to figure out what they do wrong . ( continued ) 9 10 11 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 9 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : ( 2 ) 9 teen dev Gay Martin 's white . his parent do the same thing . teen DENISE yeah , but it 's more intense for black folk . all right , so everything 's a contest for we , and you kid be like trophy . I be gay be like tarnish she trophy . teen dev I do not think be lebanese tarnishes the trophy . there 's plenty of straight trophy . I think it 's cool you be a lebanese trophy . teen DENISE thanks , dude . teen dev damn , this have be a intense talk . ( beat ) you want to smoke some weed ? I get some shit that 's dank . Teen dev pull out a ziplock bag with the tiniest amount of the saddest - look weed you have ever see . int . watkins family apartment - teen DENISE 's room — day - 10 1999 music : musical youth - pass the dutchie . stylized montage : Teen dev and Teen denise be smoking weed and blow the smoke through a paper towel roll with a dryer sheet in it , into the fan . int . watkins family apartment - teen DENISE 's room — day - 11 later - 1999 Teen dev be space out in front of a psychedelic poster . teen dev be you sure I be suppose to see a dolphin ? I do not see a dolphin . Teen denise be lie on she bed , lose in a poster of Jennifer anniston paste to she ceiling . teen DENISE I do not know , man . I be in another world right now . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 10 . pink revision page 10/19/16 11 continued : 11 catherine ( 0.s. ) denise ? dev ? teen dev oh shit ! I think she be go to the store . teen DENISE I too ! be cool ! teen dev I be cool ! you be cool ! teen DENISE 12 shut up ! 12 Teen denise and Teen dev unpause a video game and act like they have be play . catherine what y’all up to ? Catherine enter . teen dev hi Ms. watk -- ahhhhhhh !!! reveal : Catherine have a white cream mask on . her face be cover in white goop . teen DENISE what the hell , mar ?! catherine it 's just a hydrate mask . you know I get a dry t-zone ! what you freaking out for ? teen DENISE we freaking out ' cause you be come in here look like Dead president ! Teen dev be scared . teen DENISE ( cont ’d ) you be suppose to be at the store . why be you here ? catherine yeah , I be go . shoot , Joyce say she can handle it . ( beat ) dev , how be you parent ? they good ? ( continued ) master of pink revision page 11 continued : Catherine none '' Thanksgiving '' ( 2 ) teen dev yeah . catherine I hear y’all be go to Hawaii for Christmas . you excited ? teen dev ( beat ) yeah . catherine well , this have be a stimulate conversation . teen dev yeah . teen DENISE okay , bye , Mom . catherine uh-uh . teen DENISE bye , okay ? catherine girl , do not be tell I where I can go in my own house . do not you be tell I where I can go in my own house . ( beat ) be you all right ? ' Cause I swear , y’all look a little space out . teen DENISE we be just tired ! catherine uh-huh . all right , I be leave . i’1l see y'all later for dinner . ( leave the room ) you really need to clean all this up . I ’ma give this to the goodwill , somebody who appreciate it . exit . teen dev d- do I seem too high ? be that -- be I cool ? [ 208 ] 11 . 10/19/16 11 ( continued ) 11 14 15 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : ( 3 ) teen DENISE we cool . I ’ma just kick it with Jen real quick . denise lie back down on she bed to stare at the poster . int . diner _- day - 2006 time have advanced a few year , Thanksgiving morning circa 12 . 11 14 15 2006 . denise ( now play by lena ) be home from college . she 's wear a hoodie and sweatpant . reveal : denise be with Catherine . catherine how be you this tall and you do not play basketball ? DENISE I know , it suck . catherine a basketball scholarship would have come in real handy right now . but , I be just glad you in college and you be not pregnant and on drug . DENISE you do not get to worry about I get pregnant . catherine why ? you get that uid thing ? denise be gross out by the think . DENISE okay , first of all , it 's not a uid . okay ? it 's not a thing . it 's the iud . catherine mm. DENISE but you be not get to worry about I and pregnancy . catherine ( beat ) you get save . you do come to the Lord . DENISE no . I do not know why you keep ask I that . ( continued ) 15 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 13 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : 15 Catherine shrug . DENISE ( cont 'd ) I be not ... gonna get pregnant because ... I do not like have sex with man . Catherine take this in . it 's not a shock but it 's still a moment . catherine have you try it ? DENISE no . catherine then how do you know you do not like it ? DENISE it 's just something I know . catherine ( beat ) well , what you try to say ? denise seem annoyed . catherine ( cont 'd ) what 's be the problem ? DENISE I be just annoyed that I even have to have this conversation with you . catherine what conversation ? I be sit here be normal . you act like a crazy person . DENISE ma ? catherine hmm ? DENISE I be gay . Catherine look around the restaurant wonder if anyone hear she daughter . catherine you what ? ( continued ) 15 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 14 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : ( 2 ) 15 DENISE I be gay . denise can tell she mom 's uncomfortable and a little embarrassed . DENISE ( cont 'd ) I have always be gay . Catherine be still at a loss for word . DENISE ( cont 'd ) but I be still the same person . I be still you daughter . nothing 's change . denise see there be tear in she mother 's eye . this , of course , break she heart . DENISE ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? ma , why be you cry ? catherine mm-mm . mm-mm . catherine ( cont 'd ) I just -- I do not want life to be hard for you . ( beat ) it be hard enough be a black woman in this world . now you want add something else to that ? DENISE it 's not like this be my choice . it 's just who I be . catherine well , who else you do tell ? DENISE just dev. catherine yeah , of course . ( then ) you know you can not tell you grandmother . DENISE why ? catherine '' Cause she will not be able to handle this . and you know forgetful she be . ( more ) ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 15 . pink revision page 10/19/16 15 continued : ( 3 ) 15 catherine ( cont 'd ) you be gonna have to come out to she every other week . DENISE true . she do be forget stuff . Catherine sigh . 16 int . watkins family apartment - college DENISE 's room - day - 16 2006 denise and dev be back in she room hang out . dev so how would it go ? DENISE well , it be not my all time favorite conversation with my mom , but it be all right . she cry , though . dev oh man . DENISE I figure she would . she 's a crier . dev do she tell you she love you and support you no matter what and all that stuff ? DENISE no , man . this be not a episode of grow pain . she be not say none of that . but at lease she do not disown I , ' cause that be happen . so ... I guess it be a success . 17 int . watkins family apartment - kitchen - continuous - 2002 17 Catherine and Joyce be downstairs in the kitchen prepare dinner . joyce so , she 's a butch queen ? catherine ( whisper ) no . I think that 's something else in the gay world . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 16 . pink revision page 10/19/16 17 continued : 17 joyce well , that 's a world I do not know nothing about , child . catherine I just wish I know where I go wrong . joyce what do you mean where you go wrong ? denise be not never be arrest , she 's in college , she keep a job , and she respects she elder . honey , she want to lay around with some woman , baby that be she business . catherine maybe I just should have spend more time with she . joyce you spend plenty of time with that girl . catherine be this ' cause I could not keep a man ? joyce ( laugh ) you not be able yo keep a man a whole ' nother conversation . catherine please . joyce but be gay be not get nothing to do with that . catherine oh , I know . I just never think I would have a gay daughter . joyce well , get use to it . ' Cause one of this day she go bring home one of she little girlfriend . Catherine cringe at the think . catherine oh , Lord . oh Lord ! ( beat ) well , I just hope she do not bring home no white girl , ' cause I do not want to see no Jennifer aniston up in here . ( continued ) 17 18 19 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 17 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : ( 2 ) 17 joyce oh , honey , Becky be come . and megan . and Katie . ( laugh ) all right , let 's -- I be gonna finish the peas . int . watkins family apartment - kitchen - day - 2015 18 Catherine , ernestine , and Joyce 's Thanksgiving prep . this take place during season 1 , in 2015 . joyce girl , it be about to get serious , but I can not date nobody with a collection of pinkie ring . catherine why not ? ai not nothing wrong with a little jewelry . you be toe ring . ernestine I date a pimp once . int . watkins family apartment - modern DENISE 's room - day - 19 2015 denise and dev back in the room . dev be on a elliptical . denise be pace , nervously . dev dev , dev , get they step . dev , dev , get they step . man , I can not believe you mom turn you room into a gym . pretty harsh . DENISE you know my mom like to stay fit . dev what time 's Michelle get here ? DENISE she should be here soon . dev you nervous ? DENISE Hell , yeah . it 's the first time my family 's gonna see I with a woman . my grandma do not really know I be gay yet , so she still think she 's my '' friend . '' ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 18 . pink revision page 10/19/16 19 continued : 19 dev all right . do not stress . I be here . it 's gonna be fine . DENISE have you talk to you parent about Rachel yet ? dev no. DENISE they do not know y’all live together ? dev no. DENISE I feel like all three of they be gonna get mad at you about that . dev why would they be mad ? DENISE stupid . just then they hear the doorbell ring . they head downstairs . DENISE ( cont 'd ) shit , here she be . come on . dev Michelle in the cut . dev get off the elliptical . dev ( cont 'd ) ooh , my leg be sore . Jesus . 20 int . watkins family apartment - live room - day - 2015 20 a knock at the door . denise come down the stair . dev follow . DENISE I get it ! I get it ! ( to dev ) hey , yo , give I a second . dev sure , sure . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 19 . pink revision page 10/19/16 20 continued : 20 denise open the door to greet michelle who walk in hold a bottle of wine . she 's a attractive black woman who walk with confidence . DENISE hey , boo . michelle hey . DENISE you be look cute . michelle mm . thank you . denise greet she with a innocent kiss on the cheek . Catherine watch denise and Michelle from the dining room , pretend to set the table . DENISE ( 0.s. ) thanks for the wine . michelle ( 0.s. ) you know I have class . DENISE ( 0.s. ) uh-huh . aunt Joyce gonna love you . Catherine work she way over to the door to meet Michelle . DENISE ( cont 'd ) ma , this be Michelle . catherine DENISE Michelle , this in my mom , Catherine . michelle it 's so great to -- catherine Nice to meet you . Michelle go for a hug - but Catherine stick out she hand for a handshake . it turn into a awkward half hug , half handshake . catherine ( cont ’d ) yes . ( continued ) 20 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 20 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : ( 2 ) 20 DENISE okay . catherine welcome ... DENISE okay . catherine to we home . DENISE that be awkward . Joyce , and ernestine be stand in a line wait to meet Michelle . DENISE ( cont 'd ) uh , this be my aunt Joyce . michelle oh , it 's so great to finally meet -- Michelle then go to shake she hand - but for some reason Joyce uncomfortably grab Michelle 's hand . Michelle play it off and turn she one sided handshake into a awkward wave . joyce how you do ? DENISE what the hell ? really , Joyce ? ( beat ) okay , anyway , this be my grandma ernestine . ernestine hello , there . michelle ooh . ernestine walk over to Michelle , use she cane , and give Michelle a warm hug . this be the only greeting that do not feel weird . Michelle hug she back and smile . DENISE this be my friend Michelle . ernestine welcome , darling . ( continued ) 20 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 21 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : ( 3 ) 20 michelle thank you . DENISE okay , grandma . dev walk in . DENISE ( cont 'd ) that 's dev. dev hey. friend of denise 's . no relation to the watkin . michelle yeah , I figure . dev yeah , the whole me-being - indian thing probably tip you off . fun denise fact : when we be kid , denise think I be black . DENISE okay . do not make I break out the Halloween picture , all right ? remember when you go as indian Peter Pan ? dev damn , why you get to hate on the Pan ? remember when we be black and indian mario and luigi ? that be cute . DENISE shut up . Joyce notice Michelle 's wine bottle and grab it . joyce oh , that look like the expensive shit . catherine all right , come on . joyce all right , Michelle . I see what you be do . hey , yeah ! dev good to meet you , Michelle . dev and Joyce leave for another room leave denise , Catherine , and Michelle to stand around awkwardly . ( continued ) 20 21 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 22 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : ( 4 ) 20 DENISE okay . thanks , ma. catherine oh. DENISE get out of here . Catherine leave . denise be at a loss for word as she remove Michelle 's coat . michelle they be nice . DENISE mm-hmm . michelle they -- they be . they be great . int . watkins family apartment - kitchen / dine room - day - 21 2015 the family and dev sit around the table eat Thanksgiving dinner . no one be talk . it 's super awkward . you can hear the silverware scraping against the china . dev um , denise , maybe we can take Michelle to that chinese restaurant in flush I be tell you about . DENISE yeah , that sound cool . catherine dev , why you plotting you next meal and you be not finish the one in front of you ? dev never too early to plan ahead , especially when it come to matter of the tum . dev click he tongue . DENISE well , speak of chinese food , Michelle be live in China earlier this year . no one react . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 23 . pink revision page 10/19/16 21 continued : a pause . 21 DENISE ( cont 'd ) what to tell they about that , babe ? michelle yeah , um ... I be live in shanghai for about two month for work . mostly I just take picture with people who think I be beyoncé . this one restaurant even put my photo up on the wall . I just do not have the heart to tell they the truth . dev I have always want to go to China . look cool . michelle yeah , it be . DENISE ma? aunt Joyce ? grandma ? y’all have any thought on that ? Joyce and Catherine be still uncomfortable . ernestine well , you know my hearing be bad . where do she go ? DENISE China . ernestine hmm ? dev ( scream ) China ! she go to China , grandma ! ernestine mm. dev ( scream ) she live in shanghai for two month for work ! and a lot of people think she be beyoncé ! and this one restaurant even put she photo on the wall , but she do not have the heart to tell they ! ernestine oh . I always like China . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 24 , pink revision page 10/19/16 21 continued : ( 2 ) 21 michelle mm. ernestine you must be really smart . michelle oh. ernestine you be smart , and you be cute . you do not usually get both of that in the same package . usually you only get one or the other . michelle oh , thank you very much . I could say the same thing about denise . denise smile at Michelle . she instinctively go in for a kiss , but she clock Catherine 's uneasiness and stop herself . Joyce pour Catherine a glass of wine . catherine thanks . joyce mm. Joyce take a pull straight from the bottle . Catherine downs she glass and glare at denise . the room be tense . dev ( scream ) grandma ernestine , you yam turn out really nice this year ! you add a little nutmeg ? ernestine hmm ? dev ( scream ) I say you yam turn out really nice this year ! do you add a little nutmeg ? Joyce snap and slam the table . joyce she add nutmeg ! do not you ask another fuck question . nutmeg , cinnamon , whatever the hell ! you know what go in the damn yam ! 22 23 24 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 25 . pink revision page 10/19/16 int . watkins family apartment - kitchen - night - 2015 22 denise and Catherine be in the kitchen clean up . catherine I do not have any appreciation for what be go on at my table . DENISE what be you talk about ? catherine if you wanna bring you friend over here , that 's fine , but do not be make eye and rub back and get all fresh . DENISE I be not do that . catherine oh , yes , you be . I see you . I know that look . oh , you use to make that look for Rachel from Friends . I always think you be look at joey . DENISE joey ? ma , be you serious ? that character be a idiot . catherine look , you can be lesbian if you want to - but when you come up in here , you gonna respect my house . int . watkins family apartment - kitchen - day - 2016 23 Thanksgiving 2016 prep with Catherine , ernestine , and Joyce . int . watkins family apartment - modern DENISE 's room - day - 24 2016 dev riffle through old vhs tape in denise 's room . dev Problem child two . oh , shit . what else we get ? denise and dev 's tap dancer song of nineteen ninety - one ? should we fire this up ? you remember the routine ? dev start tapping . dev ( cont 'd ) ' Cause I do not . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 26 . pink revision page 10/19/16 24 continued : 24 DENISE man , sit you ass down . dev when 's you boo arrive here ? DENISE she should be here in a few minute . dev wow . Thanksgiving invite . must be serious . DENISE yeah , man . I really like she . dev Nice . what 's she instagram name ? I want to look she up . DENISE dude , you be literally gonna meet she in a few minute . dev I know . but I want to look it up beforehand , get a vibe . DENISE ( sigh ) I forget . dev you forget , look it up . DENISE ( sigh ) nipplesandtoes23 . dev whoa . what 's that ? DENISE nipplesandtoes23 . dev denise ! you can not be dating some girl with the instagram name " nipplesandtoes23 . " DENISE I know , man . I be try to get she to change it . ( continued ) 24 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 27 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : ( 2 ) 24 dev ( scoff ) I be just surprised there be 22 other nipples andtoe . dev go to she instagram page . dev ( cont 'd ) let 's see what we get here . oh , wow . this be some provocative photo . DENISE okay , do not be look at my girl , man . dev ooh . really into fitness . angle on : dev 's phone . we see really racy photo of nikki in skimpy gym clothes and drink thick white protein shake . DENISE she be kinda naked there . dev well , maybe I should not just paint it with one brush . she 's clearly very political . I just vote . another photo of she with skimpy underwear and panty on with the caption that read '' I just vote . '' denise lean in to see the photo . DENISE man . that be not for no damn election . that be for so you think you can dance ? dev do she have some sort of intense fabric allergy ' cause she be scantily clad ina lot of this photo , denise . the doorbell ring . dev ( cont 'd ) oh , shit ! nipplesand toe in the building , let 's go ! DENISE all right . I will be there in a second . dev okay . ( continued ) 24 25 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 28 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : ( 3 ) 24 dev head out . int . watkins family apartment - kitchen / dine room - night - 25 2016 everyone be eat Thanksgiving dinner , include nikki . DENISE see that 's the thing about Sandra bland , you know . it 's like she remind I so much of myself . like , she be wake , she be confident , she do not take no shit . ( sigh ) but the scary thing be , that 's what get she kill . catherine if Sandra be white , we would not even be have this conversation . joyce mm. yeah , you get that right . ernestine mm-hmm . catherine yep . ernestine that 's why I keep tell y'all , if the police pull you over , just nod you head . a- and shut the fuck up . nikki be on she phone . DENISE yo , dev , what about that indian grandpa ? dev oh , yeah . it 's big on the indian people e- mail chain I be on . so , apparently there be this indian grandpa in Alabama and he be walk around he neighborhood and some lady call the cop and say , " oh , there 's a black guy walk around . " and so the cop be like , " we will look into it . " and they go over there and they try to talk to he and he do not speak English . so , he 's confuse . he have not do anything wrong , he try to walk away . cop just grab he , slam he on the ground face first , he 's paralyze now . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 29 . pink revision page 10/19/16 25 continued : 25 catherine oh ! joyce oh , my God . uh , I think I know the answer to this question . but do anything happen to the cop ? dev nope . they say it be a justified use of force . catherine oh . that 's horrible . horrible . a quiet beat . nikki so , I be watch the news the other day and apparently there 's this bulldog that set a world record for skateboard through thirty people 's leg . dd , you see that clip . he be go through the leg like ... nikki mimic otto the skateboard dog . the table be stunne by nikki 's idiocy . DENISE you know , that be not news . that be on worldstar hiphop . nikki that 's the news . dd , let 's take a selfie . DENISE all right . let 's do it quick , though . they pose . nikki ready ? oh , this have to go on the gram . dev hey , nikki , what be you username on there ? nikki nipplesandtoes23. Joyce hold back a spit-take . ( continued ) 25 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' pink revision page continued : ( 2 ) dev oh . what be it again ? nikki nipplesandtoes23 . dev okay . well , I be gonna add you real quick . wait -- so , nipplesandtoes43 . nikki no , nipplesandtoes23. dev ( type it in ) nipples and toe twenty - three . nikki yeah . dev wait , be it nipple and the letter " N " toe or be it nipple ampersand toe ... nikki [ 208 ] 30 . 10/19/16 25 no , it 's nipple and the word , " and , " a - n - d , toe twenty - three . dev so , nipple , a -n -d toe . nikki yes. dev so , nipple ... nikki / dev ... and toe ... nikki twenty - three . dev so ... nikki / dev nipplesandtoes23 . Joyce slam the table . ( continued ) 25 26 27 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 31 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : ( 3 ) 25 joyce yeah . get the nipple . get the toe . I 26 think it 's very clear what she username be . int . watkins family apartment - live room - night - 2016 27 everyone be watch do the right thing . nikki be laid out on a couch . nikki hey dev. dev what ? nikki do you mind scoot to the floor so I can stretch ? dev ( annoyed ) sure . nikki thank you . she sprawl out . nikki ( cont 'd ) dd ? DENISE yeah ? nikki can you pass I the blanket ? denise grab she a blanket . DENISE you good ? nikki ooh . I be so comfy . so cozy . dev hey , I be glad you be all cozy and comfy but you mind not talk so much during the movie ? DENISE nikki yeah , babe . this be , like , a sorry . really intense part . ( continued ) * 27 28 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 32 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : 27 angle on : tv , Radio raheem be lie dead on the ground . Officer Long tell he to '' get the fuck up , boy , or you be dead ! '' nikki ( cont 'd ) wait . one more thing . dd , can you make I you special chocolate milk ? DENISE yeah ... dev I will get you milk . I be get up anyway . nikki dd , tell he you recipe . dev denise , what 's the recipe ? DENISE I just do what 's on the back of the bottle , dude . dev ( smack lip ) do not seem too special . int . watkins family apartment - kitchen - night - 2016 28 Catherine and Joyce be have a drink as dev join they at the kitchen table . catherine dev , who the hell be this girl ? dev I do not know . I just meet she tonight . but I feel like I have already see she naked , even though she 's fully - clothed . joyce she 's a thot , right ? catherine what 's a thot ? joyce ( point at nikki ) a t-h-o -t . that. hoe. over . there . dev oh , it 's a acronym . ( continued ) 28 29 30 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 33 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : 28 catherine you know what , I be not in love with this whole lesbian thing . but I at least want my child to date a girl who get some sense . what happen to Michelle ? dev Michelle want they to move in together . denise be not ready , they get into a big fight and they break up . catherine oh . joyce that sound familiar . catherine well , shit . I do not believe in shack either . mm , mm , mm . do anybody know why the hell she keep call denise " dd ? " dev where be the second " D " come from ? and for the record , I be about to make this grow woman some chocolate milk . ( to Joyce ) fill I up . int . watkins family apartment - kitchen - day - 2017 29 Catherine pull the turkey out of the oven . time have advanced one year . it be 2017 . int . watkins family apartment - live room - day - 2017 30 dev and denise talk . DENISE ( hand dev a glass ) here you go . dev thanks . DENISE mm-hmm . dev get to say . I be glad Michelle 's come through this year . we do not have to deal with nikki . although , the nickname dd be start to grow on I . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 34 . pink revision page 10/19/16 30 continued : 30 DENISE okay . dude , do not ever call I that . dev so , how 's everything with Michelle ? thing good since you guy get back together ? DENISE yeah , man . it 's be really good . we get a couple 's therapist now . learn how to communicate better . learn about love language . dev ooh . Love language . DENISE yeah , dude . it 's a thing . oh , and we be really on a high right now too ' cause I kill it for she birthday . dev what would you do ? DENISE well , a friend of mine be a chef , right ? so he come over and cook a little nice intimate meal for I and five of she close friend . yeah , we light candle . all that . Super fly . dev mm. I see you . DENISE you know how I do . but before the night be over , I have New edition come through and sing she favorite song , " can you stand the rain ? " dev what ? how would you get New edition ? DENISE oh , I do not get the real New edition . get the New edition cover band , New Addition . a-d-d-i-t-i-o-n . dev Love the name . ( continued ) 30 31 32 a32 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 35 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : ( 2 ) 30 DENISE yeah . the filipino johnny gill be no joke . yeah . the doorbell ring . DENISE ( cont 'd ) oh , I should go . 31 int . watkins family apartment - live room - day - 2017 32 music : New edition - can you stand the rain ? montage : denise open the door for Michelle . they hug . the family and dev be happy to see Michelle . int . watkins family apartment - kitchen - day - 2017 a32 Catherine be prepping Thanksgiving alone . Michelle walk in . michelle so dev and denise never help out with the cooking ? catherine unless you count dev 's macaroni taste test , then no . michelle well , I have love to help . Catherine pause for a beat . catherine oh ... well , uh , grab that platter and plate some of the cornbread for I . there be a awkward beat of silence catherine ( cont 'd ) I like that outfit you get denise . michelle yeah , um , it 's nice to mix it up so she 's not always wear sweatpant and a hat that say '' ratch . '' catherine yeah , well ... I remember when she be in the eighth grade , she wear a John stark knick jersey to school the whole year . then she spill gravy all over it and she still wear it for another month . ( more ) ( continued ) a32 master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 36 . pink revision page 10/19/16 continued : a32 catherine ( cont 'd ) I have to sneak up in she room and take it to give it to the goodwill . michelle ooh . well , that 's good to know . I might just have to spill some gravy on that '' ratch '' hat . they laugh . catherine I know that 's right . they laugh . denise enter . DENISE what y'all in here laugh about ? catherine do not you worry about it . michelle I be just gonna take this out . Michelle exit . catherine thank you . ( to denise ) I think this be gonna to be a lovely Thanksgiving , denise . DENISE yeah , I think so . catherine and , uh , I like Michelle . DENISE I like she , too . Catherine hold denise 's hand . catherine I be happy for you . denise smile . dev walk over . dev guy , I just get a text from nikki . um , she 's kick it with that bulldog that skateboard through people 's leg , they be close by , wonder if they can roll through . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] 37 . pink revision page 10/19/16 a32 continued : ( 2 ) a32 catherine dd , you wanna get the chocolate milk ready ? DENISE okay . so , I be just not gonna live that down , huh ? dev hey , I be nice to she . I make she chocolate milk . DENISE yeah , but you be not do the right recipe though . you mess up the ratio . you put too much of the powder in there . they walk out together to join the rest of the family . 33 int . watkins family apartment - dine room - day - 2017 33 everyone be seat for Thanksgiving dinner . michelle so dev , do you come over for every Thanksgiving ? catherine oh yeah . he 's here every year . since he be a little boy , the two of they play upstairs with toy ... joyce oh . then when they be teenager , smoking weed and play ' intendo . DENISE what be you talk about ? joyce oh , please . I find one of you sad little blunt in the trash . it be depress . I smoke it though . everyone laugh . dev wait , so guy know ? catherine come down to dinner all bug-ey and smell like lemon air freshener , think y’all be slick ? please . ( continued ) master of none '' Thanksgiving '' [ 208 ] pink revision page 10/19/16 33 continued : they laugh . ernestine what be y’all laugh about ? joyce ( to dev ) go ahead . dev ( yell ) so , grandma ! when we be teenager we use to go upstairs and smoke weed and we do not think they know , but they do ! ernestine oh yeah , I remember that . the whole house smell like reefer . they continue to laugh . catherine can we say grace ? 34 cut to black . end of show 38 . 33 34