les miserable written by William nicholson Alain boublil , Claude - Michel schönberg and Herbert kretzmer adapted from the stage musical " Les misérables " base on the novel by Victor Hugo May 20 , 2012 black screen superimpose caption : the year be 1815 . the french revolution be a distant memory . napoleon have be defeat . France be rule by a King again . A1 ext . toulon port - day A1 rise up out of the iron-grey surface of the ocean , seethe in the wind , towards the shore . Winter rain slice the air . ahead , the port of toulon , home of the french navy . a forest of tall masted warship . the great ship heave at anchor , the wind whipping they rigging . through the sea spray we see the great rib of warship under construction , and warship be refitted . superimpose caption : toulon Home port of the french navy 1 ext . toulon dock - day 1 Storm - lash sea and drive rain . a great wave rise up and hammer down . as it recede we see the figure of man heaving on great rope , the sea water stream down over they face . the harsh storm light catch glint of metal : this man be convict , chain by manacle , head shave , wear red shirt with prison number crudely stitched onto they . now we see that the rope run up to a ship that be be haul ashore - a storm - damage man- of - war , its mast break , rise and fall on the surge . as yet another great wave roll over the convict , we follow the strain rope down into the base of the slipway , and find the convict jean valjean , up to he waist in water , chain by two set of manacle , as the rain and spray and wind scream round he . a great brute of a man , he seem to feel nothing . 2 . the convict sing in time with the rhythmic pull on the rope - convict ha - ha - convict 3 ha - ha - look down , look down do not look they in the eye convict look down , look down you be here until you die . convict 4 no God above and Hell alone below convict look down , look down there 's twenty year to go . the camera rise up to find javert , the officer in charge of the convict workforce , look on , he face rain - lash and expressionless . he stand above the man on the top of the dock , as line of convict labour beneath he on the steep step of the dock wall . behind javert , through the storm rain we glimpse a forest of half - build ship , they ribbed frame like great skeleton in the mist . foreground convict be at work on another ship that be almost complete , labour in the crash spray . convict 2 I have do no wrong sweet Jesus , hear my prayer ! convict look down , look down sweet Jesus do not care . convict 5 I know she will wait I know that she will be true - convict look down , look down they have all forget you . convict 1 when I get free you will not see I here for dust ! 3. convict look down , look down do not look them in the eye . convict 3 how long , o Lord before you let I die ? convict look down , look down you will always be a slave . look down , look down you be stand in you grave . with a last great heave the line of convict haul the damage ship onto the slipway . crack ! the stern flagpole of the ship snap in a vicious gust of wind and crash down into the shallow water near valjean . javert see and point he stick at valjean in silent command . valjean stare back for a beat , defy he . then he drop down into the seethe water and re-emerges with the great mast in he hand , hold over he head . his head break water with he bitter gaze still on javert , as he throw the mast ashore in a deliberate display of strength . javert nod to the guard , and they begin to form the chain man into line to return to they prison . the storm be pass now , blow by the drive wind . javert approach Jean valjean . javert now prisoner 24601 . you time be up and you parole 's begin . you know what that mean ? valjean yes . it mean I be free . javert no ! it mean you get you yellow ticket - of-leave . he hand valjean a fold yellow paper . javert this badge of shame you will show it everywhere . it warn you be a dangerous man . valjean I steal a loaf of bread my sister 's child be close to death and we be starve . 4. javert you will starve again unless you learn the meaning of the law . valjean I know the meaning of that nineteen year a slave of the law ! javert five year for what you do , the rest because you try to run . yes , 24601 ! valjean my name be Jean valjean ! javert and I be javert ! do not forget my name . do not forget I - 24601 ! he stride away to command the line of convict as they be march away . valjean walk away , hardly able to take in that he be free at last . the convict sing as he go . convict look down , look down you will always be a slave . look down , look down you be stand in you grave . 2 ext . road out of toulon - dawn 2 valjean make he way up a rise track , a wear knapsack on he back . he come to a stop at the top of the hill , and there before he , light by the rise sun , spread a wide vista of field and town and village , stretch into the distance , with the snow cap alp beyond . behind and below he lie toulon at the sea 's edge . as we hear the musical theme ( ' freedom be mine ' ) , we see for the first time the darkness in he face give way to a new hope . valjean freedom at last - how strange the taste ! never forget the year - the waste , nor forgive they for what they have do . they be the guilty - everyone ! the day begin ( more ) 5 . valjean ( cont would ) and now let see what this new world will do for I ! 3 scene omitted 3 4 ext . country road - day 4 valjean stride down the long rise road , pull he thin coat close round he against the cold winter wind . he pass a long line of labourer work . he approach the overseer . valjean monsieur can I help ? a day 's work ? the overseer notice shave hair show under he cap . overseer take you hat off . valjean take he hat off , revealing he shave and scar head . overseer passport . the overseer scan the yellow paper , and hand it back . overseer no work here . 5 scene omitted 5 6 ext . mountain road - end of day 6 valjean slog on up the rise track into the mountain . snow on the ground here , and darkness fall . he look up and see ahead a village build on a rock cliff , its light twinkle , the snowy mountain rise behind . the tower of its handsome church rise up like a promise of refuge . this be digne . 6a ext . digne - dusk 6a valjean enter digne . as he drink from the fountain , he see a guard stand outside the mairie . 6 . 6b int . mairie , digne - dusk 6 B valjean stand wait . the officer fastidiously write down the name of valjean in he huge ledger and the name of the town in he passport . the officer sign and stamp the passport . officer valjean . the officer hand back the passport . valjean leave . 6c ext . digne - dusk 6c valjean walk down the high street , spy the warm glow of a inn and enter . 7 int . country inn , digne - dusk 7 valjean sit in the corner , he hat low over he head . he eye hungrily a group of cart driver tucking into a roast meal by a roaring fire place . the innkeeper serve he a beer . as he reach for it he coat sleeve ride up to reveal he wrist , callouse and scar by manacle . the innkeeper eye he warily . he discuss valjean with two other man , then ask for he paper . see the phrase " extremely dangerous " . valjean be Pov - from the yellow paper in the innkeeper 's hand up to the innkeeper 's face . a blank stare , a shrug of refusal . innkeeper my inn be full . 7a ext . digne - night 7a valjean move off wearily through the village . as he pass down the narrow street , face peer at he from doorway , but the door close when he go by . a shadowy figure follow he . Word have spread that he 's a `dangerous mar and . pass the uncurtain window of a cottage , he come to a stop . through the window he see a scene that break he heart : a father at a table by lamplight , he young wife before he , he child on either side . nothing special , and yet everything he 's never have . 8 ext . prison , digne - night 8 he stop at the local jail . a iron chain attach to a bell hang from the prison door . he ring . a grate slide open . 7. valjean jailer . would you let I stay here for tonight ? jailer this be a prison , not a inn . get yourself arrest . then we will open up for you . the grate slide shut . as Jean valjean walk away , some child who have be follow begin throw stone at he . he threaten they with he stick and they scatter . 8a ext . digne - night 8a he see over a garden wall a low doorway in a stone turret . valjean stoops through the doorway and lie down on some straw . he hear a ferocious growl and see the head of a enormous mastiff . it be a dog kennel . 8b ext . digne - night 8b snow fall as valjean make he way down the road , hungry , weary , move slowly , he trousers rip and bloody from where the dog have bitten he . at the end of a road , the snow - cover church ; beside it , a dark churchyard . 9 ext . church yard , digne - night 9 snow - cover gravestone in moonlight . exhausted , valjean collapse to the ground and huddle himself into the shelter of a doorway . a lantern glow in the dark . the lantern approach , throw shadow . its little circle of light come to rest on the crumpled figure of valjean . he stir and open he eye . valjean' Pov - the glow of the lantern in the darkness . Beyond it , the half - see feature of a kind old man . the bishop . bishop come in , sir , for you be weary and the night be cold out here . though we life be very humble what we have we have to share . bewildere , fearful , suspicious , valjean get up and go with the Bishop into the house by the church . 8. 10 int . bishop' house - night 10 a simple table on which be laid out bread and wine , with silver cutlery . two silver candlestick light the room , illuminate wall paint with religious scene . the Bishop usher the bewilder valjean into the room . the bishop 's sister Madame baptistine stand . valjean hesitates . bishop there be wine here to revive you . there be bread to make you strong . there 's a bed to rest till morning - Rest from pain , and rest from wrong . bishop sit , my brother . the Bishop gesture to the housekeeper Madame magloire . bishop Madame , set one more place . ( to valjean ) please sit . the Bishop gently take he arm and draw he into a chair . valjean sit , and the housekeeper lay food before he . famish , valjean eat like a animal . the Bishop say a short grace . bishop May the Lord bless the food we eat today . bless we dear sister and we honoure guest . ( to valjean ) please , eat . where be you travel to my brother ? valjean pontarlier . bishop be that where you family be ? valjean no . the destination be compulsory . that be where the Law send I . I have no home . bishop then let this be you home , for as long as you need it . 9 . 11 int . bedroom , bishop' house - night 11 the Bishop lead valjean to a bedroom where the wall be also paint with religious imagery . across the passage , valjean see the open door to the Bishop 's own bedroom . there the housekeeper be put the table silver away in a cupboard . he turn to see a bed make up with clean white linen wait for he . he have not sleep in such a bed ever in he life . but the Bishop be smile , offer it to he . bishop sleep well . tomorrow morning before you leave you will have a cup of milk from we cow , nice and hot . the Bishop turn away to go to sleep . valjean you let I sleep here next to you ? how do you know I be not a murderer ? valjean laugh a strange laugh . bishop God will take care of that . later that night - valjean lie on the bed , fully dress , deeply asleep . outside a dog bark . valjean 's eye snap open . the first thing he see by the light of the moon be a image of God the Father gaze down on he from the paint ceiling . in panic , fear judgement , he sit bolt upright . then he look round , and remember . he get out of bed , and open the door . there , across the narrow passage , the door stand open to the Bishop 's bedroom . in the moonlight , he see the Bishop lie asleep . above he bed , the cupboard where the silver be keep . valjean move silently into the Bishop 's room , hold a metal miner 's spike which he pull from he bag . the floor board creak . he look down at the old man , hold he breath , but the bishop be peacefully and innocently asleep . he reach up to the cupboard . it be unlock . the cupboard door open with a sharp crack sound . the Bishop , disturb in he sleep , move a little . at once valjean be over he , like a wild animal , spike raise to strike should he wake . the Bishop sleep on . the moon come out and light up he beautific , smile face . valjean be throw . he turn back and open the cupboard door fully : there be the silver . 10 . carefully he pick it out , fearful of every clink . one last look at the sleep old man , and he make a run for the door . 12 ext . churchyard - night 12 valjean rush out of the back door of the house . he cross the graveyard , scramble over a back wall , and he 's go . 13 int . bishop' house - day 13 the Bishop be come in from morning mass in he vestment when the door burst open and two policeman drag valjean before he . valjean hang he head , unable to meet the Bishop 's eye . constable monsignor , we catch the thief red-hand ! he have the nerve to say you give he all this ! he upend valjean 's kitbag , and the silver tumble out . the Bishop look from the silver to valjean . bishop that be right . amaze , valjean look up . bishop but my friend , you leave so early , you forget I give this also . would you leave the best behind ? the old Bishop be hold out the two silver candlestick . bishop ( to policeman ) messieur , release he . for this man have speak true . I commend you for you duty now God 's bless go with you . silenced by the Bishop 's gentle tone , the policeman turn and leave . valjean , utterly bewilder , take the silver candlestick . bishop but remember this , my brother - see in this some higher plan . you must use this precious silver to become a honest man . by the witness of the martyr , ( more ) 11 . bishop ( cont would ) by the passion and the blood , God have raise you out of darkness - I have buy you soul for God . 14 int . church , digne - day 14 valjean kneel in the church . he take out he yellow passport and stare at it . he turn towards the altar , and the crucifix above it . valjean what have I do ? sweet Jesus , what have I do ? become a thief in the night become a dog on the run ! and have I fall so far and be the hour so late that nothing remain but the cry of my hate ? the cry in the dark that nobody hear here where I stand at the turn of the year . if there 's another way to go I miss it twenty long year ago . my life be a war that could never be win . they give I a number and murder valjean when they chain I and leave I for dead just for steal a mouthful of bread ! yet why do I allow this man to touch my soul and teach I love ? he treat I like any other he give I he trust he call I brother . my life he claim for God above ... can such thing be ? for I have come to hate the world - this world that always hate I ! take a eye for a eye ! turn you heart into stone ! this be all I have live for ! this be all I have know ! one word from he and I would be back beneath the lash , upon the rack . instead he offer I my freedom ! ( more ) 12 . valjean ( cont would ) I feel my shame inside I like a knife . he tell I that I have a soul ... how do he know ? what spirit come to move my life ? be there another way to go ? slowly , he examine the yellow passport and raise it high , as if to the altar . valjean I be reach , but I fall and the night be close in ... as I stare into the void - to the whirlpool of my sin . valjean stand and turn , walk fast to the door of the church . valjean I will escape now from that world - from the world of Jean valjean . Jean valjean be nothing now ! 15 ext . church , digne - day 15 valjean come out of the church into the graveyard and reach a bell set on the edge of a promontory . below lie the steep drop down the mountainside to the dark valley below . valjean another story must begin ! he rip the yellow paper into piece and throw the piece out over the valley . the scrap flutter in the wind . follow the scrap of yellow paper as they dance in the wind then fall away into the void below . one scrap of paper dance upwards in the sunlight . we follow this and accelerate upwards leave valjean and the town of digne far below , towards the sun gloriously break through the heaven with the alp beyond . the camera then start to tumble back down through mist and cloud below - through time and space - down to discover - 16 ext . road to montreuil - day 16 the camera hurtle towards three horse riding down a long muddy road on a flat plain towards the wall town of montreuil - sur - mer . montreuil sit on a estuary lead out to the sea . we see ship sit in low tide on the mud of the estuary along the dockside of the town , and red brick factory building . 13 . superimpose caption : eight year later montreuil -sur - mer , 1823 . the camera close in to ground level to reveal the horserider : javert , flanke by two policeman . 16a ext . gate to montreuil - day 16a as the rider enter the wall town we see the poor cluster around the gate - destitute and sick people clammer to get in . beggar ' chorus at the end of the day you be another day older and that 's all you can say for the life of the poor . it 's a struggle ! it 's a war ! and there 's nothing that anyone 's give . one more day stand about - what be it for ? one day less to be live . javert see the destitution of the people . expressionless as ever . beggar ' chorus at the end of the day you be another day colder and the shirt on you back do not keep out the chill . and the righteous hurry past they do not hear the little one cry and the plague be come on fast ready to kill - one day nearer to die ! track past a plague victim , wrap in a shroud , be throw onto a cart . the police enter the harbour . 17 ext . harbour - montreuil - day 17 the beggar be push back as the gate open and close for the police . 14 . beggar ' chorus at the end of the day there 's another day dawn and the sun in the morning be wait to rise like the wave crash on the sand like a storm that will break any second there 's a hunger in the land there 's a reckoning still to be reckone and there 's gonna be hell to pay at the end of the day ! javert look round at the factory building , the boat in the harbour , the poor clamour behind he , and ride on . 18 scene omitted 18 19 ext . factory yard , montreuil - day 19 heavy cart wait to be load with wooden crate of goods . Workmen carry the crate out of the factory as the foreman stride in through the door , gesture to a cart driver , fauchelevent , who 's take a quick rest on a crate . 19a int . factory , montreuil - men' section - day 19 a the foreman pass man pack box on table and load box onto crate . he pass through a door under a first floor office . 20-22 int . factory , montreuil - women' section - day 20 - 22 the long work space be full of table at which conservatively dress woman be work , make jewelry out of shellac , a black resin which look like jet . a impressive sight : obviously a very successful business . a wooden staircase climb one wall to a glass - window business office . the figure of a man within . foreman ( flirtatiously , to woman ) at the end of the day you get nothing for nothing ! sitting flat on you bum do not buy any bread ! factory woman 4 there be child back at home - factory woman 2 and the child have get to be feed . 15 . factory woman 7 and you be lucky to be in a job - the Foreman have stop beside fantine , a pretty young woman . as he lean over to whisper in she ear fantine , surprised , prick she finger with she needle . foreman ( quietly , to fantine ) and in a bed ! factory woman 8 ( to fantine , as a warning ) and we be count we blessing ! the Foreman continue he round , encourage the woman to speed up they work . foreman at the end of the day just be glad to be work for a master who care for the life of the poor . factory woman 7 he 's a riddle .. factory woman 4 he 's no fool .. factory woman 6 he 's the answer to anyone 's prayer factory woman 8 and he pay for the brand new school factory woman 4 it 's no wonder they make he the mayor ! factory women bless the man who lead the way ! at the end of the day ! they get on with they task , all glance up at the boss in the office above . the Foreman return to fantine , try to help she . MAIN factory woman have you see how the foreman be fume today with he terrible breath and he wander hand ? 16 . factory woman 3 it 's because little fantine will not give he he way . factory woman 5 take a look at he trousers , you will see where he stand ! factory woman 2 and the boss , he never know that the foreman be always on heat . MAIN factory woman if fantine do not look out , watch how she go , she will be out on the street ! the Foreman ring a bell , announce the end of the work day . the woman start to take off they overall and pack up they tool for the day . factory women / foreman at the end of the day its another day over with enough in you pocket to last for a week pay the landlord , pay the shop keep on work as long as you be able keep on work till you drop or it 's back to the crumb off the table well , you have get to pay you way at the end of the day ! the woman queue up to be pay by the Foreman at the door . fantine have take out a letter . the main factory woman snatch the letter away from fantine . MAIN factory woman and what have we here , little innocent sister ? the letter be pass surreptitiously down the line of woman worker . MAIN factory woman come on , fantine , let 's have all the news . ( read ) ` dear fantine , you must send we more money , you child need a doctor , there 's no time to lose . ' 17 . fantine give that letter to I it be none of you business . with a husband at home and a bit on the side ! be there anyone here who can swear before God she have nothing to fear ? she have nothing to hide ? the main factory woman start to take fantine 's letter over to the Foreman . fantine try to get the letter back . the woman scuffle . the owner enter the factory floor . we see he only from behind : a well - dress prosperous man . valjean what be this fight all about ? will someone tear this two apart ? this be a factory , not a circus . as he sing , the camera move round to discover he . clean - shaven , well - feed , transformed : it 's valjean . valjean now come on , lady , settle down . I run a business of repute . suddenly valjean see javert appear on the first floor balcony of he office . his world drop away . valjean ( to the foreman ) deal with this , Foreman . be as patient as you can . he walk back to the stair up to he office . on the factory floor - foreman now someone say how this begin ! the factory woman all turn on fantine . fantine / factory woman 5 at the end of the day she 's the one who begin it ! MAIN factory woman there 's a kid that she 's hide in some little town . factory woman 5 there 's a man she have to pay 18 . MAIN factory woman you can guess how she pick up the extra - you can bet she 's earning she keep sleep around ! and the boss would not like it . fantine yes , it 's true there 's a child and the child be my daughter and she father abandon we , leave we flat . now she life with a innkeeper man and he wife and I pay for the child . what 's the matter with that ? fantine continue to defend herself to the Foreman , as the woman sing - factory women at the end of the day she will be nothing but trouble and there 's trouble for all when there 's trouble for one ! while we be earning we daily bread she 's the one with she hand in the butter - you must send the slut away or we be all go to end in the gutter and it 's we who will have to pay at the end of the day ! the Foreman pull fantine away . foreman I might have know the bitch could bite ! I might have know the cat have claw ! I might have guess you little secret ! ah yes , the virtuous fantine who keep herself so pure and clean - you would be the cause , I have no doubt of any trouble hereabout . you play a virgin in the light but need no urging in the night ! MAIN factory woman she 's be laugh at you while she 's have she man ! 19 . factory women she will be nothing but trouble again and again ! factory woman 5 you must sack she today ! factory women sack the girl today ! foreman right , my girl ! on you way ! below , fantine turn and call to valjean in he office above with a pitiful cry . fantine m'sieur Mayor , help I ! I have a child ! valjean hear the cry , but he have other concern . he turn round to face javert . javert stare at he . on the factory floor below , the Foreman hustle fantine out , as she struggle against he . 23 int . factory office - day 23 javert bow . javert I introduce myself , Inspector of Police . I have come to take the watch I be here to keep the peace . please know I as javert . I be here at you command with honour due to each . with justice in we hand no man 's beyond we reach . let all beware . valjean welcome , sir come guard we law I be sure we be here in common cause . javert turn to look through the high window onto the men' factory floor below . the last man be leave for the day . javert you have do the city proud , you have raise they banner high . ( more ) 20 . javert ( cont would ) you manufacture gem that anyone can buy you people thrive . valjean show some demonstration sample of they work . valjean the dignity of toil to stay alive . javert be puzzle . he 's sure he recognise valjean , but from where ? javert it seem to I we may have meet . valjean throw he a sharp glance . valjean you face be not a face I would forget . a crash from outside in the yard - shout - 24 ext . track leading to factory , montreuil - day 24 valjean and javert hurry out across the factory yard and down the muddy track beyond to discover - a heavily laden cart have topple onto the cart driver - fauchelevent , the worker see before take a rest on a crate . the cart driver and the Foreman be try to lift the cart off the crush man , but it 's too heavy , and the ground be too soft . fauchelevent scream as the cart slowly sink in the mud . valjean , javert and javert 's assistant all hurry to help , but they can not get a proper purchase in the spongy ground . all the time the cart be sink further , push fauchelevent deeper into the mud that will soon bury he . then valjean see a way . at one end the wheel of the cart have stop sink - the ground be harder here . he throw himself under the cart at this higher end , and brace himself to lift it from beneath . valjean get back ! it may fall ! foreman no , monsieur le Mayor ! crowd it will kill you as well ! 21 . javert stand back and look on . as he look , we see a memory stir in he . javert Pov - valjean 's posture beneath the cart be exactly the same as the convict beneath the fall mast . the same crouching power . the same almost - suicidal determination . valjean see javert look at he , and know exactly what he 's think . for a moment he hesitates . then he hear fauchelevent 's choke scream as the mud gag he mouth . valjean strain every muscle , and slowly one end of the cart begin to rise . as soon as it clear the crush and gasp man , the other pull he clear . valjean let the cart down again , and climb out . as he brushes himself down he find javert stare at he . javert can this be true ? I do not believe what I see ! a man you age to be as strong as you be ! a memory stir ... you make I think of a man from year ago a man who break he parole .. he disappear . he shake he head , realise how absurd he suspicion be . javert forgive I , sir . I would not dare - valjean say what you must . do not leave it there . valjean hold javert 's gaze , challenging he to say more . javert be not yet confident enough to continue . valjean go to help fauchelevent . valjean let I help you up . fauchelevent groan as he rise . fauchelevent monsieur le Mayor , you come from God ! you be a saint ! valjean no more cart drive for you ! 22 . javert stare . he can not rid himself of he suspicion . javert monsieur le Mayor . he draw himself up and give a bow . as he walk away , he discuss something with he assistant . 25 ext . harbour , montreuil - night 25 fantine make she way to the harbour wall . beggar shelter in the tunnel under the red brick building . 26 ext . red light district , montreuil - night 26 fantine make she way down wet slimy step . this lead to a alleyway that run down to the harbour and three ship lie on the mud at low tide . at the far end , the large be the rotting hulk of a vast old warship . a single whore sit in a doorway . fantine Excuse I , be this where the pawnbroker be ? whore 1 ( point ) it 's just there . fantine thank you . drunken sailor spill out into the alleyway below . the first sailor be try to find the whorehouse . sailor 1 I smell woman ! smell them in the air ! think I will drop my anchor in that harbour over there ! they spot fantine , mistake she for a whore . fantine press on down the step , try to ignore the sailor . sailor 2 Lovely lady ! Love `em till you break ! Seven month at sea can make you hungry for a poke ! the sailor then see whore start to appear from the shadow of warehouse doorway . sailor 3 even stoker need a little stoke ! 23 . a man with no leg , reacting to the sailor , crank up a organ -grinder and from doorway and overhead window harbour whore appear and tout for business . a man sell denture stand by he cart and we hear fragment of he sale pitch . whore tooth man Lovely lady Lovely denture wait for a bite ! guaranteed to bite wait for the customer they clean up real easy who only come at night . you can take they out at Lovely lady night ready for the call , sell you tooth here make a stand up or lie down pretty sum or any way at all - best tooth man in the harbour bargain price up against the guaranteed no painful gum wall ! bargain price up against the wall ! during the above chorus , fantine sell a locket contain a cut of cosette 's hair to the pawnbroker . pawnbroker hello sweetheart , I will give you four francs . fantine it 's worth at least ten . the pawnbroker go back in he shop and fantine watch the whore . fantine alright , five . the pawnbroker take the locket in exchange for the money . a old woman leer at fantine from the shadow , beckone . she approach fantine , reach out to stroke she hair . hair crone what pretty hair ! what pretty lock you have get there ! what luck you get . it 's worth a centime , my dear ! I will take the lot ! fantine do not touch I ! leave I alone ! hair crone let 's make a price . I will give you all of ten francs . just think of that ! 24 . fantine it pay a debt ... hair crone just think of that . fantine what can I do ? it pay a debt . ten francs may save my poor cosette . the hair crone lead fantine down to she shop at the base of the stair . fantine be sit on a low stool . she bow she head before the hair crone , who at once whip out a razor blade and cut off she hair at the root . 26a ext . red light district montreuil - end of day 26 a fantine walk down the step with short hair , mock by the voice of the whore on either side . a pimp and the head whore watch she progress as the organ - grinder grind out the music . whore sing from the warehouse doorway , from on top of the spar of the ship , writhe around figurehead and from the rotting ship . the few man in the street choose they whore and disappear by the end of the chorus . whore tooth man Lovely lady Lovely denture guarantee to wait in the dark . bite ready for a thick one they clean up real easy or a quick one in the park . you can take they out at night head whore Lovely tooth dear shine Long time , short time like the star anytime my dear ! I will whip they out quite cost a little extra quickly if you want to take all year and I will not leave any scar . whore Quick and cheap be underneath the pier fantine reach the hair crone . fantine please , you would not have any work for I would you ? please , I sell you my hair . I could do anything . the hair crone point at the head whore and the tooth man . 25 . hair crone go and see they . fantine look towards the tooth man and the head whore . tooth man head whore come over here , come here my dear . I will pay well for you youth . I pay ten francs for a tooth . fantine head to the tooth man . tooth man you have , my dear , the clear advantage of youth . head whore ( whisper ) just the back one . tooth man the pain will not last , you will still be able to bite . she grab fantine 's cheek and force open she mouth to inspect she tooth . tooth man I do it fast , I know my business all right . it 's worth a go . the pimp push she down . fantine you will pay I first what I be due . tooth man you will get twice if I take two ! she open she mouth , and the pincer go in , as everyone gather round to watch . fantine scream as the first tooth be remove . 26b ext . red light district montreuil - night 26 B the pimp be pass among the whore , check that they be all fit for business . whore God , we be weary , sick enough to drop ! lovely lady 1 belly burn like fire , will the bleed ever stop ! 26 . pimp cheer up , deary ! show a happy face ! plenty more like you here if you can not keep up the pace . lovely lady 1 only joke ! deary know she place ! the pimp gesture at fantine , now slump in a doorway , she cropped head in she hand . a shy captain watch fantine . the pimp notice . pimp gimme the dirt - who 's that bit over there ? whore 1 a bit of skirt , she 's the one sell she hair . head whore she 's get a kid , send she all that she can . pimp I might have know there be always some man . he move in on fantine . pimp Lovely lady , come along and join we ! Lovely lady ! fantine look up , a trickle of blood in one corner of she mouth . the whore cluster round she , hand reach out to draw she in to they world . on the rotting warship , more whore appear out of the gap of the hull to sing the chorus . whore 1 come on , dearie , why all the fuss ? whore ... why all the fuss . whore 2 you be no grander than the rest of we . whore ... than the rest of we . 27 . whore 3 life have drop you at the bottom of the heap . whore ...at the bottom of the heap . Whore 3 bite she fingertip and apply she blood to rouge fantine 's cheek . head whore join you sister - whore 1 make money in you sleep ! whore ... make money in you sleep . whore 2 that 's right , dearie , show he what you have get ! whore ... show he what you have get . whore 3 that 's right , dearie , let he have the lot ! whore ... let he have the lot . the whore perform for the benefit of fantine on the order of the head whore , as the head whore lead she towards the hulk . whore Old man , young man , take them as they come ! harbour rat and alley cat and every kind of scum ! poor man , rich man , leader of the land - see they with they trousers off , they be never quite as grand ! all it take be money in you hand ! the pimp lead the captain down the middle of the whore to fantine who wear a filthy white dress . the pimp join the captain and fantine 's hand as the head whore officiate - like a twisted wedding ceremony . whore Lovely lady go for a song , ( more ) 28 . whore ( cont would ) get a lot of caller but they never stay for long ... fantine put on a show of courage as she lead the captain into the ship 's hulk , which be a brothel . fantine come on , Captain , you can wear you shoe . do not it make a change to have a girl who can not refuse ? 27 int . rotting ship' hulk , montreuil - night 27 fantine , pale and frail , she bodice loosen , lead the captain down to the damp dregs of the ship . we see the rotting straw mattress within as they enter , then fantine lay down . fantine easy money lie on a bed . just as well they never see the hate that 's in you head ! do not they know they be make love to one already dead ? 28 int . rotting ship' hulk , montreuil - night 28 close on a man 's hand leave money . we hear he exit . move to find fantine lie alone on the mattress . she pull herself into a sit position against the head of the mattress . she draw she leg up and wrap she arm round she knee , huddle against the misery of the world . fantine there be a time when man be kind , when they voice be soft and they word invite . there be a time when love be blind and the world be a song and the song be exciting . there be a time ... then it all go wrong . I dream a dream in time go by , when hope be high and life worth live . I dream that love would never die . I dream that God would be forgive . ( more ) 29 . fantine ( cont would ) then I be young and unafraid and dream be make and use and waste . there be no ransom to be pay , no song unsung , no wine untast . but the tiger come at night with they voice soft as thunder as they tear you hope apart as they turn you dream to shame . he sleep a summer by my side , he fill my day with endless wonder . he take my childhood in he stride but he be go when autumn come . and still I dream he will come to I ! that we will live the year together ... but there be dream that cannot be and there be storm we cannot weather ... I have a dream my life would be so different from this hell I be live - so different now from what it seem ! now life have kill the dream I dream . as she end she song , she next customer be wait . the head whore beyond . 29 ext . red light district , montreuil - night 29 fantine be out on the snow and ice- cover quayside , shiver , wait for trade . she look pale and sickly , but still attempt a allure smile . she move past the anchore ship , beneath the bowsprit , try pathetically to attract custom . then she come to a stop , stare . she have see and recognise valjean , some way off . he 's out in the harbour district . he be talk to a beggar . before he move on , he hand over some money . as fantine watch valjean on he mission of mercy , a well - dress young man , bamatabois , come up to she . he arrive with two friend and a valet . 30 . bamatabois here 's something new . I think I will give it a try . come closer , you ! I like to see what I buy . the usual price for just one slice of you pie . fantine I do not want you ! no ! no , m'sieur ! let I go ! bamatabois be this a trick ? I will not pay more ! fantine no , not at all ! bamatabois you have get some nerve , you little slut ! you have get some gall ! it 's the same with a tart as it be with a grocer the customer see what he get in advance it 's not for the whore to say " yes sir " or " no sir " it 's not for the harlot to pick and to choose or to lead I a dance ! he pull she clothing open and laughingly stuff snow down she cleavage . fantine react with fury . they fall over in the snow and bamatabois laugh . fantine I will kill you , you bastard ! try any of that ! even a whore who have go to the bad wo not be have by a rat ! fantine scratch bamatabois across the face . bamatabois touch he face and see the blood on he finger . his friend drag fantine against the harbour wall . bamatabois ( furious but arouse ) by Christ you will pay for what you have do ! this rat will make you bleed , you will see ! I guarantee I will make you suffer ! for this disturbance of the peace for this insult to life and property ! 31 . bamatabois suddenly see that police have arrive . fantine I beg you , do not report I , sir . I will do whatever you may want . bamatabois make you excuse to the police ! bamatabois ' friend drag fantine towards the police . it 's javert . javert tell I quickly what 's the story . who see what and why and where ? let he give a full description , let he answer to javert ! in this nest of whore and viper let one speak who see it all . who laid hand on this good man here ? what 's the substance of this brawl ? bamatabois javert , would you believe it ? I be walk , it be dark when this prostitute attack I you can see she 's leave she mark ! he show the blood . javert turn to fantine . javert she will answer for she action when you make a full report . you may rest assure , m'sieur , that she will answer to the court . fantine be almost fainting with fear , still rack with occasional spasm of cough . unseen by she , valjean be approach from behind . javert 's assistant pick fantine up . javert cover he mouth with a handkerchief as he approach fantine . fantine there 's a child who sorely need I , please , m'sieur , she 's but that high . Holy God , be there no mercy ? if I go to jail she will die . javert I have hear such protestation every day for twenty year . let 's have no more explanation , ( more ) 32 . javert ( cont would ) save you breath and save you tear . javert indicate to the two policeman to drag fantine away . valjean step out of the shadow . valjean a moment of you time , javert . I do believe this woman 's tale . javert monsieur le Mayor ! valjean you have do you duty . let she be . she need a doctor , not a jail . javert monsieur le Mayor ! javert look on , contain he anger , as valjean reach out a hand to fantine . to fantine , it 's as if he 's come to she in a dream - fantine can this be ? valjean where will she end - this child without a friend ? he hold fantine 's hand , look into she face . valjean I have see you face before . show I some way to help you . how have you come to grief in such a place as this ? fantine m'sieur , do not mock I now , I pray it 's hard enough I have lose my pride . you let you foreman send I away . yes , you be there and turn aside . I never do no wrong . valjean be it true what I have do - fantine my daughter 's close to die . 33. valjean - to a innocent soul ? fantine if there 's a God above - valjean have I only know then ! fantine he would let I die instead . valjean in his name my task have just begin . I will she to the hospital . valjean pick fantine up in he arm . javert be quietly coldly furious . javert monsieur le Mayor ! fantine bring cosette back to I . valjean where be she ? fantine at a inn in montfermeil ... javert monsieur le Mayor ! valjean I will see it do ! I will send for she immediately ! as valjean and fantine move away , javert stare after they , then turn and quietly instruct he assistant to follow after they . 30 ext . police station , montreuil - day 30 as javert walk up the step to he police station he assistant stop he with a urgent letter . javert assistant from Paris , monsieur . javert seize it , open it , and read . as he read , he expression change . appall , he realize he 's make a terrible mistake . 34 . 31 int . factory , montreuil - night 31 valjean be at he desk in he office , go through he papers once everyone else have go , when javert enter and stand before he . he look up . javert monsieur le Mayor I have a crime to declare ! I have disgrace the uniform that I wear . I have do you wrong , let no forgiveness be show . I have be as hard on every rogue I have know . I will bear the blame , I must be treat just the same . valjean I do not understand . what be this crime , javert ? javert I mistake you for a convict , I have make a false report . now I learn they have catch the culprit - he 's about to face the court . valjean conceal he shock . javert and of course the thief deny it , you would expect that from a con . but he could not run for ever , no , not even Jean valjean . valjean you say this man deny it all , and give no sign of understanding or repentance ? you say this man be go to trial , and that he 's sure to be return to serve he sentence ? javert he will pay , and so must I . Press charge against I , sir ! valjean you have only do you duty it 's a minor sin at most . all of we have be mistaken you will return , sir , to you post . 35 . javert must I do as you say ? valjean it 's you duty to obey ! javert be about to protest again , but valjean raise one commanding hand , to indicate he decision be make . javert give a abrupt bow , and depart . Left alone , valjean pace he office , deeply disturb . valjean they think that man be I - without a second glance . this stranger they have find - this man could be my chance ! why should I save he hide ? why should I right this wrong ? when I have come so far and struggle for so long ? if I speak I be condemn . if I stay silent , I be damned ! he go out onto the balcony that look down on the empty factory . valjean I be the master of hundred of worker - they all look to I . can I abandon they ? how would they live if I be not free ? if I speak they be condemn . if I stay silent , I be damned ! 31a int . valjean' house , montreuil - night 31a valjean be sit stare at the Bishop 's candlestick . who be I ? can I condemn this man to slavery ? pretend I do not feel he agony ? this innocent who bear my face , who go to judgement in my place ... who be I ? 31b int . valjean' house , montreuil - night 31b valjean be furiously pack stuff up . 36 . valjean can I conceal myself for ever more ? pretend I be not the man I be before ? and must my name until I die be no more than a alibi ? 31c ext . country road - night . 31c Close on two horse panting . a stop carriage in a wide night landscape . the driver be valjean , hesitate . must I lie ? how can I ever face my fellow man ? how can I ever face myself again ? 31D int / ext . courtroom - night 31D valjean hesitates outside the courtroom and in the lobby of the courtroom , pace back and forth . valjean my soul belong to God , I know , I make that bargain long ago . he give I hope when hope be go ! he give I strength to journey on ! who be I ? who be I ? I be Jean valjean ! valjean push through the crowd at the back of the courtroom . 32 int . courtroom - night 32 the man accuse of be Jean valjean , a wretch down - and - out , stand before the judge . he look uncannily like the real valjean . before the judge have a chance to speak , the door open and valjean burst in . sensation in the court . valjean and so , you honour , you see it 's true that man bear no more guilt than you ! who be I ? 24601 ! 37 . the judge be too stunne to respond . the other in the court can not believe what they have just hear . the Mayor of montreuil - sur - mer , a convict ! valjean if you do not believe I ask Inspector javert . he know where to find I . the judge go over to valjean and gently lead he out . judge monsieur le Mayor , you be not well , you must come with I , do you have a carriage outside ? monsieur le Mayor , we must get you home to bed immediately !! 33 int . hospital , montreuil - night 33 the hospital be in the long attic of valjean 's factory . valjean hurry into the hospital , breathless . he see a nursing sister outside fantine 's room . valjean be she daughter with she ? nurse no , monsieur . her guardian send this . she give valjean a note . he read it with mount anger . valjean ` money not enough . send more . thenardier . ' what sort of man be this ? 34 int . hospital , montreuil - night 34 fantine lie in bed , delirious . she be dress in pure white . her eye be close . fantine cosette , it 's turn so cold ! cosette , it 's past you bedtime ! you have play the day away and soon it will be night . fantine 's eye open and she see cosette , play in the room . she look healthy and be dress prettily . come to I , cosette , the light be fade . ( more ) 38 . fantine ( cont would ) do not you see , the evening star appear ? come to I , and rest against my shoulder , how fast the minute fly away and every minute colder ? valjean enter , and see at once that fantine be close to the end . he drop to he knee by she bed . valjean dear fantine , cosette will be here soon ! dear fantine , she will be by you side fantine ( try to get out of bed ) come cosette , the night have grow so cold ! valjean ( put she back in bed ) be at peace ! be at peace ever more . fantine my cosette - valjean - shall live in my protection . fantine take she now ! she push into he hand a scrap of paper on which she 's write she wish . valjean you child will want for nothing . fantine good m'sieur , you come from God in heaven . valjean and none shall ever harm cosette as long as I be live . fantine have stop look towards the window . all she fade strength be now direct towards valjean . she try to reach up to he . fantine take my hand ... the night grow ever colder . 39 . valjean then I will keep you warm . he wrap she in he arm . fantine take my child I give she to you keep . valjean take shelter from the storm . fantine for God 's sake , please stay till I be sleep ... and tell cosette I love she and I will see she when I wake ... fantine start to spasm . she see something over valjean 's shoulder . valjean do not realise . her eye go glassy as she pass away . valjean then hear the unforgettable voice of javert behind he . javert valjean , at last we see each other plain ! ` m'sieur le Mayor ' you will wear a different chain ! valjean stand to face javert . valjean before you say another word , javert , before you chain I up like a slave again , listen to I ! there be something I must do . this woman leave behind a suffer child . there be none but I who can intercede - in mercy 's name , three day be all I need , then I will return , I pledge my word ! then I will return ... javert draw he sword and aim it at valjean . javert you must think I mad ! I have hunt you across the year . Men like you can never change - a man such as you ! valjean break a section of timber beam from the roof . 40 . the man start to circle each other . they sing at the same time , duelling in song . valjean believe of I what you will there be a duty that I be swear to do . you know nothing of my life - all I do be steal some bread . you know nothing of the world - you would sooner see I dead . but not before I see this justice do ! javert Men like I can never change . Men like you can never change . no , 24601 ! my duty be to the law . you have no rights . come with I , 24601 ! the two man fight . valjean I be warning you , javert , I be a stronger man by far ! there be power in I yet ! my race be not yet run ! javert now the wheel have turn around - Jean valjean be nothing now . dare you talk to I of crime and the price you have to pay . every man be bear in sin every man must choose he way . javert disarm valjean and drive he backwards towards a attic door . you know nothing of javert ! I be bear inside a jail . I be bear with scum like you . I be from the gutter too . valjean be push through the door out onto a wooden load platform beneath a hoist . below , the wall of the factory lead straight down to the black sea at high tide . javert be triumphant . valjean glance down and push back , drop into the darkness of the ocean . javert go to jump after he and cannot bring himself to do it . 41 . javert stare into the black sea - there be no sign of valjean . 34a ext . harbour , montreuil - night 34a javert and various police search the harbourside with lantern . valjean , drip wet , watch from a tunnel under a factory , as fantine 's body wrap in a shroud be dumped on a cart . they sing to themselves , continue they duet without know . valjean and this I swear to you tonight - javert there be no place for you to hide . valjean you child will live within my care - javert wherever you may hide away - valjean and I will raise she to the light . javert/valjean I swear to you , I will be there ! 35 ext . montfermeil - dusk 35 the village street be bright with booth set up for a frost Fair . families and visitor be out buy bauble , or laugh at the antic of travel player . small girl cluster round a stall that display prettily - dress doll . amongst they be a prettily - dress girl of 8 or 9 year : eponine . across the road from this stall stand a shabby inn . a sign lash to a old cart swinging in the wind reveal the inn to be ` the sergeant of waterloo ' . the inn be still close despite the small crowd at the fair . move in on the frost window of the inn , through which we see a little girl , cosette , gaze out at the display of doll . 42 . 36 int . inn , montfermeil - end of day 36 cosette be in the process of sweeping the floor . she 's come to a stop , gaze out of the window , mesmerize by the sight of the most beautiful doll in the display , and jealous that eponine can see it and touch it up close . cosette there be a castle on a cloud I like to go there in my sleep . be not any floor for I to sweep , not in my castle on a cloud . cosette get out from a hide place in the wall a knotted grimy rag - this be she " doll " , the knot be the doll 's head . there be a lady all in white hold I and sing a lullaby . she 's nice to see and she 's soft to touch ( hold doll to she ear and whisper ) she say , cosette , I love you very much . I know a place where no one 's lose I know a place where no one cry . crying at all be not allow , not in my castle on a cloud . Madame thenardier come bustling down the stair in a bad mood . she glower at little cosette and change the close sign from " close " to " open " . madame thenardier now look who 's here ! the little madam herself , pretend once again she 's be so awfully good ! better not let I catch you slack ! better not catch my eye ! ten rotten francs you mother send I - what be that go to buy ? now take that pail , my little Mademoiselle , and go and draw some water from the well . we should never have take you in in the first place - how stupid the thing that we do ! like mother , like daughter , the scum of the street . 43. cosette go to put the broom away . eponine come in from outside . madame thenardier eponine , come my dear . eponine , let I see you . you look very well in that little blue hat ! there 's some little girl who know how to behave and they know what to wear and I be say thank heaven for that ! Madame thenardier see that cosette far from go be hide behind the far wall . we see cosette 's frighten eye peer out from a tiny gap in this wall . madame thenardier still there , cosette ? you tear will do you no good ! I tell you to fetch some water from the well in the wood . cosette ( sing through the gap ) please do not send I out alone . not in the darkness on my own . Madame thenardier imitate cosette as she sing . madame thenardier ( sing through the gap ) enough of that , or I will forget to be nice ! you hear I ask for something , and I never ask twice ! the innkeeper 's gang pose as customer who have be loitering outside come in , explain to a fifth man who be a new recruit a story from monsieur thenardier 's past . Madame thenardier go outside to open up the rather pathetic frost fair stall on the porch of the inn . customer 1 mine host thenardier he be there , so they say , at the field of waterloo . customer 2 get there , it 's true , when the fight be all through but he know just what to do . customer 3 crawl through the mud , so I have hear it say , ( more ) 44 . customer 3 ( cont would ) pick through the pocket of the English dead . customer 4 he make a tidy score from the spoil of war . we suddenly hear the voice of the landlord , thenardier . he have be there all the time , asleep on a bench . he wake from he drunken slumber and roar out : thenardier my band of soak , my de of dissolute , my dirty joke , my always piss as newt , my son of whore , spend they life in my inn ! home pigeon home in - they fly through my door , and they money 's as good as yours ! 36a ext . inn , montfermeil - dusk 36 a Madame thenardier be try to sell something unappeal from she stall to a portly look man when slushy snow from the stall 's roof fall on the man 's head . Madame thenardier usher he inside . 37 int . inn , montfermeil - dusk 37 thenardier welcome , m'sieur ! sit yourself down and meet the best innkeeper in town ! Madame thenardier pretend to accidentally drop a comb from she hair and the customer helpfully pick it up , allow Madame thenardier to pick he wallet from a back pocket as he stand up . monsieur thenardier take he coat which allow the couple to see the customer transfer a pocket watch from coat to jacket pocket . thenardier as for the rest - all of they crook rooking the guest and cooking the book . seldom do you see honest man like I a go of good intent who 's content to be - he pour a strong drink for the new customer - 45 . thenardier master of the house ! dole out the charm ready with a handshake and a open palm thenardier have thieve the pocket watch use he handshake as a distraction . he pass this off to Madame thenardier . thenardier tell a saucy tale make a little stir customer appreciate a bon-viveur glad to do a friend a favour do not cost I to be nice but nothing get you nothing everything have get a little price ! thenardier master of the house ! keeper of the zoo ! ready to relieve them of a sou or two - ( serve wine ) water the wine 37a int . kitchen , inn , montfermeil - flashback - day 37a thenardier be pissing into the very wine bottle he 's use to serve the customer . 37b int . inn , montfermeil - dusk 37b thenardier make up the weight pick up they knick - knack when they can not see straight everybody love a landlord everybody 's bosom friend ! I do whatever please - Jesus ! wo not I bleed them in the end ! 37c ext . inn , montfermeil - dusk 37c at Madame thenardier 's stall , a frost fair customer be cover by snow , only this time we realise Madame thenardier be responsible for push the snow off the awning with a stick . thenardier /customer master of the house ! Quick to catch you eye ( more ) 46 . thenardier / customer ( cont would ) never want a passer - by to pass he by ! Madame thenardier usher the customer inside . 37d int . inn , montfermeil - dusk 37d again Madame thenardier drop she comb in front of the new customer but this time the thieve be foil by little cosette who helpfully pick it up . over the chorus she shout at little cosette to get out . thenardier /customer servant to the poor butler to the great comforter , philosopher and lifelong mate everybody 's boon companion everybody 's chaperone - thenardier but lock up you valise - Jesus ! wo not I skin you to the bone ! a family enter the inn . thenardier fuss over they . thenardier enter , messieur ! Lay down yer load unlace yer boot and rest from the road . this weigh a ton Travel 's a curse but here we strive to lighten you purse . he 's get the father 's purse out , and be remove note . thenardier here the goose be cook here the fat be fry and nothing 's overlook till I be satisfied - food beyond compare food beyond belief 38 int . kitchen , inn , montfermeil - flashback - day 38 thenardier show off the secret of the squalid kitchen - every possible animal be use to make mince meat . thenardier V / o mix it in a mincer and pretend it 's beef kidney of a horse ( more ) 47 . thenardier v/o ( cont would ) liver of a cat fill up the sausage with this and that ! 38a int . inn , montfermeil - dusk 38 a thenardier serve the disgusting food that we have see he create in the flashback to the family . thenardier resident be more than welcome bridal suite be occupy 38b int . bridal suite - flashback - night 38b a groom and bride consummate they union . thenardier be go through the groom 's trousers . thenardier V / o reasonable charge plus some little extras on the side . 38c int . inn , montfermeil - night 38c thenardier charge them for the lice extra for the mouse two percent for look in the mirror twice . here a little slice there a little cut Three percent for sleep with the window shut . when it come to fix price there be lot of trick he know how it all increase all that bit and piece - Jesus ! it 's amazing how it grow . 39 ext . inn , montfermeil - night 39 thenardier come out of the inn , back by a posse of he gang of loyal customer , and take control of a brass band to sing to the frost Fair . thenardier /customer master of the house ! Quick to catch you eye never want a passer - by to pass he by ! 48 . further down the street , carry she empty bucket , cosette turn to look sadly back at the cheery sight . thenardier servant to the poor butler to the great comforter , philosopher and lifelong mate everybody 's boon companion give them everything he 's get - the portly customer have discover he 's be rob . he come out to protest , hold out he emptied wallet . at once two of thenardier 's thug grab he and hustle he off . thenardier dirty bunch of geezer Jesus ! what a sorry little lot ! 39a int . inn , montfermeil - night 39 a Madame thenardier approach a handsome soldier who be drink at a table by the fire in the inn . she sit on he lap and get he to look back at thenardier , so allow she to see inside he coat and spot he wallet . madame thenardier I use to dream that I would meet a prince but God almighty have you see what 's happen since ? ` master of the house ' be not worth my spit ! comforter , philosopher and lifelong shit ! cun little brain regular voltaire thinks he 's quite a lover but there 's not much there . as Madame thenardier reach for the man 's groin , she lift he wallet skillfully and hand it off to monsieur thenardier . thenardier what a cruel trick of nature land I with such a louse . God know how I have last live with this bastard in the house ! she pull the young man into a dance , enable she to steal everything else of value he have . Father Christmas have also be lure from the frost fair and the thenardier slit he present sack and exchange it for a sack contain snow . 49 . thenardier /customer master of the house ! madame thenardier master and a half ! thenardier /customer comforter , philosopher - madame thenardier do not make I laugh ! thenardier /customer servant to the poor butler to the great - madame thenardier hypocrite and toady and inebriate ! thenardier /customer everybody bless the landlord ! everybody bless he spouse ! thenardier everybody raise a glass ! madame thenardier raise it up the master 's arse ! thenardier /customer everybody raise a glass to the master of the house ! 40/41 scene omitted 40/41 42 ext . wood by the inn - night 42 cosette have fill she bucket at the well in the wood , and be now head back . through the dark tree ahead we glimpse the cheerful light of the frost Fair and the distant inn . she go slowly , because the bucket be heavy . she hum to herself to keep she spirit up , a wordless verse of ` Castle on a cloud ' . after a few step she pause to rest the weight of the bucket . strong arm reach for the bucket and lift they out of she hand . she look up , amaze . there 's valjean . valjean hush now , do not be afraid of I . do not cry . show I where you live . ( more ) 50 . valjean ( cont would ) tell I , my child , what be you name ? cosette I be call cosette . valjean cosette ? she gaze up at he . hardly know why , the little girl trust this stranger . valjean pick up the heavy bucket , and they head back towards the inn . as they go , they hum ` Castle on a cloud ' together . 43 int . inn , montfermeil - night 43 valjean enter with cosette . Madame thenardier hurry over . Madame and monsieur thenardier try to thieve from valjean use the same trick establish earlier , but he evade every attempt . eponine watch silently from a corner . valjean I find she wander in the wood this little child , I find she tremble in the shadow . and I be here to help cosette , and I will settle any debt you may think proper . I will pay what I must pay to take cosette away . this be a duty I must heed . there be a promise I have make . for I be blind to one in need , I do not see what stand before I . now you mother be with God . her suffer be over , and I speak here with she voice , and I stand here in she place , and from this day , and ever more - madame thenardier let I take you coat , m'sieur ! valjean cosette shall live in my protection . thenardier you be very welcome here ! valjean I will not forget my vow . 51 . thenardier take a glass ! madame thenardier take a chair ! valjean cosette shall have a father now . thenardier turn to he wife . thenardier what to do ? what to say shall you carry we treasure away ? what a gem ! what a pearl ! Beyond ruby be we little girl ! how can we speak of debt ? let 's not haggle for darling Colette ! madame thenardier cosette ! thenardier cosette - dear fantine - go to rest - have we do for she child what be best ? share we bread - share each bone - treated she like she 's one of we own ! like we own , m'sieur ! valjean you feeling do you credit , sir . and I will ease the parting blow . let we not talk of bargain and bone and greed . he give thenardier money . valjean now may I say we be agree ? madame thenardier that would quite fit the bill if she have not so often be ill . Little dear , cost we dear ! medicine be expensive , m'sieur . not that we begrudge a sou - it 's no more than we Christians must do . valjean give more money . 52 . thenardier one thing more ! one small doubt ! there be treacherous people about ! no offence ! please reflect ! you intention may not be correct ! valjean hand over more money . valjean no more ! here 's you price ! Fifteen hundred for you sacrifice . come , cosette , say goodbye . let 's seek out some friendlier sky . thank you both for cosette - it will not take you too long to forget . he lead cosette to the door . 44 ext . inn , montfermeil - night 44 valjean lift cosette into the wait cab . valjean where I go , you will be . cosette will you be like a papa to I ? valjean yes , cosette ! this be true ! I will be father and mother to you ! the cab set off down the road . 45 int . inn , montfermeil - night 45 Madame thenardier take the bunch of note from she husband 's hand and inspect they . thenardier not bad ! madame thenardier not enough ! through the open door thenardier see a man on horseback rattling up to the inn . 53. madame thenardier there 's a copper at the door ! what the devil have you do ? javert stride into the inn . javert where 's the child cosette ? madame thenardier she 's go with a go , do not tell we where they go , do not leave he home address . javert do you catch the fellow 's name ? both thenardier shake they head . javert stare once , contemptuously , round the seedy inn , and depart without a further word . thenardier go to the doorway to watch he leave . madame thenardier you be a bloody fool look at what we get . thenardier should have strike the iron , struck it while it 's hot . thenardier / madame thenardier next time round we will be here and we be gonna get the lot . 46 ext . outskirt of paris - night 46 valjean 's cab , move fast , pass down the road into the city . in cab - valjean have one arm round cosette to protect she from the jolting of the cab . he gaze at she as she slip into a fitful sleep . valjean suddenly I see suddenly it start when two anxious heart beat as one . yesterday I be alone today you walk beside I something still unclear something not yet here have begin . suddenly the world seem a different place somehow full of grace ( more ) 54 . valjean ( cont would ) and delight . how be I to know that so much love be hold inside I ? something fresh and young something still unsung fill the night . how be I to know at last that happiness can come so fast ? trusting I the way you do I be so afraid of fail you just a child who can not know that danger follow where I go there be shadow everywhere and memory I cannot share nevermore alone nevermore apart you have warm my heart like the sun . you have bring the gift of life and love so long deny I . suddenly I see what I could not see something suddenly have begin . he brushes the hair from she face , and satisfy himself that she 's comfortable . then he put he head out of the window . at the gate into Paris , soldier be check document of occupant of carriage . valjean slip out of the carriage with cosette and make he way along the wall , away from the gate . 46a ext . paris broken wall - night 46 a valjean find a section of tumble down wall and climb over . 46b ext . paris slum STREET - night 46b valjean and cosette make they way down a darken street . 46c ext . paris - river seine - night 46c valjean and cosette turn down a narrow street , no longer hurry . the narrow street turn , and open out onto the river . valjean stop . there , on the other side of the river , in the light of a lamp , stand javert . 55 . 47 scene omitted 47 48 ext . maze of old street - night 48 now valjean and cosette be run - down narrow alley , into small dark courtyard , not know which way to turn . whenever valjean think they have throw they pursuer , there he be , not far behind . and he 's no longer alone . with he be a detachment of soldier . javert and he team never seem to run . but he 's always there . 49 ext . dead end - night 49 valjean and cosette turn into a street that be wall in by high windowless house . they follow it round a corner to find - a dead end . a high wall before they . they be trap . valjean look round . no way out . then he see a nearby lamp bracket . hanging from it be the rope that be use to lower the oil lamp for lighting . he tear off the rope and tie one end round cosette , beneath she armpit . then hold the other end , he scale the wall , use the corner to brace himself as he rise . once on the top , he haul cosette up by the rope . only then do he turn to look down onto the other side . a cloister . a building in the middle , window glow . grave stone black against the white snow . the sound of woman 's voice , sing a psalm . nun Te lucis ante terminum rerum creator poscimus ut pro tua clementia sis praesul et custodia ... valjean lower cosette down into the garden , and drop down after she . javert and he man enter the dead end to find they go . 50 int . convent cloister - night 50 valjean crouch low , with cosette in he arm , hold she still and quiet until javert be go . then he straighten up and look round . he take in the sound of sing . nun procul recedant somnia et noctium phantasmata ( more ) 56 . nun ( cont would ) hostemque nostrum comprime ne polluantur corpus ... he go closer to the window of the building . through the blurry glass he can make out a chapel , and a line of nun sing . valjean continue and see a man fill in a new grave . the man start as he see valjean . fauchelevent who 's that ? valjean jump , take cosette protectively into he arm . turn to answer . fauchelevent why , it 's monsieur Mayor ! it 's fauchelevent , now a gardener , still limping from he injury . valjean who be you ? fauchelevent do not you remember ? the cart fall on I ! valjean monsieur fauchelevent ! fauchelevent you save my life ! you get I this job as a gardener ! valjean gaze at he , and remember . valjean now you can do the same for I . we need a place of sanctuary . this child and I , we need to disappear . fauchelevent in this place of Holy order you be bring to God 's domain May the sister grant you shelter May they prayer ease you pain . valjean and cosette follow he to the convent . valjean we will give thanks for what be grant what the sister may ordain here we pray for new beginning - here we life can start again . 57 . valjean look to the heaven . the camera soar into the air and head east as dawn break over Paris . we rush low over Paris as the sun come up , towards the place de la bastille . 51 ext . place do LA bastille , paris - day 51 superimpose caption : nine year later the dawn light glow on a massive elephant . the monument , make of wood and plaster , now ruin and crumble , stand on a plinth on one side of the wide open square . on the far side , the remain of the great fortress that be the bastille . in the middle , scaffold surround a half - build triumphal column , which be be erect to celebrate the new regime . superimpose caption : Paris , 1832 . the street that run from the square lead in one direction to the Paris of power and wealth ; in the other direction into the slum . the camera sweep in and down to meet the elephant . a head pop out of one of the elephant 's many hole - gavroche , a street urchin . he give a shrill whistle . at once a dozen more street urchin show themselves , from every crack in the monument 's skin . agile as a monkey , gavroche drop to the ground , follow by he band . 52 ext . paris boulevard - day 52 follow gavroche in as he race down a grand boulevard , dodging the crowd of strolling bourgeoisie and beggar , weaving in and out of the line of carriage attempt to make they way in either direction . this be the conveyance of the rich , fine gild coaches with match horse and footmen on the back . virtually at a standstill , they lend gavroche a platform as he leap from coach to coach , a street urchin dance on the head of the elite . as he go , the poor on the pavement sing to the stony - face rich in they golden high - sprung glory - beggar chorus look down and see the beggar at you foot ! look down and show some mercy if you can ! look down and see the sweeping of the street ! ( more ) 58 . beggar chorus ( cont would ) look down , look down , upon you fellow man ! the fine lady and grand gentleman in the carriage avert they eye , or raise the blind of they carriage window to shut out the sight of the loser of they world . gavroche , bound over they head , evade the swipe of livery footmen , land on the run board of one particularly grand carriage and beg / taunt the rich occupant . gavroche ` ow do you do ? my name 's gavroche ! this be my people , here 's my patch . not much to look at - nothing posh ! nothing that you would call up to scratch . this be my school , my high society ! here in the slum of St Michel . we live on crumb of humble piety tough on the tooth - but what the hell ! think you be poor ? think you be free ? follow I ! follow I ! beggar chorus look down and show some mercy if you can ! look down , look down , upon you fellow man ! still running with gavroche as he hop onto the back of another very grand carriage , the traffic now move at last , hitching a ride on the back - one or two of he gang hop on back of carriage with he , the other run panting after to hear he political lecture . gavroche there be a time we kill the King we try to change the world too fast . now we have get another King , he be no better than the last . this be the land that fight for liberty - now when we fight we fight for bread ! here be the thing about equality - everyone 's equal when they be dead . take you place ! ( more ) 59 . gavroche ( cont would ) take you chance ! vive la France ! vive la France ! 53 ext . lamarque' house , paris - day 53 the carriage have reach a arch into a courtyard where a crowd of a couple of hundred be gather outside a house of sickness . the carriage stop as its occupant want to watch what be go on . the street be padded with straw . many eye gaze up at the drape window . people cross themselves . a priest be see hurry into the house , accompany by two altar boy . gavroche jump off as the carriage stop and join the crowd . the crowd be make up of citizen of Paris , student revolutionary , the poor and beggar . the student hand out print leaflet and try to excite the crowd . student / beggar chorus look down and show some mercy if you can ! look down , look down , upon you fellow man ! courfeyrac when 's it gonna end ? beggar 1 when we gonna live ? joly something 's gotta happen now ! beggar 2 something 's gotta give ! student and beggar it will come , it will come , it will come ... it will come , it will come , it will come ... a student , enjolras , stand on a raise step , make a impassion speech with fellow student marius . the occupant of the stop carriage be monsieur gillenormand , marius ' grandfather . he be clearly deeply unhappy to see he grandson engage in such a activity . in the crowd a young street girl , eponine , have she eye fix longingly on the handsome marius . enjolras where be the leader of the land ? where be the swell who run this show ? 60 . marius only one man , General Lamarque speak for the people here below ! marius look towards Lamarque 's house behind he . enjolras Lamarque be ill and fade fast - wo not last a week out , so they say . marius with all the anger in the land , how long before the judgement Day ? enjolras before we cut the fat one down to size ? student before the barricade arise ? mounted Police ride in to break up the crowd . police look down , look down , do not look we in the eye ! look down , look down , stay here and you die ! the crowd break up . the student shout to the crowd : enjolras tomorrow we will return ! marius tell everyone you know courfeyrac we will show they ! combeferre Lamarque be the only leader on we side ! courfeyrac we have a right to pray for Lamarque ! joly we need more people , then the police will not dare ride against we ! marius vive le General Lamarque ! 61 . marius turn to see he grandfather stare he down , furious . gillenormand do you have any idea of the shame you bring on you family ! you be behave like a child . gillenormand spy a gun poke out of he jacket . gillenormand turn to get back in he carriage . 54 int . gorbeau tenement 54 through a crack in a door , we see marius sit on a tatty mattress in a tiny hovel of a room . he be take out a hunt rifle from under the mattress , wrap in a rag . his eye be catch by the ring on he finger . close on a signet ring , a family crest . marius stare at the ring then take it off he finger . we reveal eponine stare at he through the door . eponine hey there monsieur what 's new with you ? have not see much of you of late . Planning no doubt to change the world ? plott to overthrow the state ? still live here in this old sewer might as well doss down in a ditch you still pretend to be poor everyone know you grandpa 's rich marius rush down the stair of the slum , eponine follow . we see glimpsis of misery off the stairwell . marius how do you ...? eponine there 's lot of thing I know marius wo not take a franc that I have not earn all of that bridge have be burn . eponine I like the way you talk monsieur ! marius I like the way you always tease . 62 . eponine come to a stop , look wistfully after marius . eponine Little he know - Little he see . 55 ext . rue do LA chanvrerie - end of day 55 marius be stop as he exit the front door of the gorbeau tenement by a pass carriage . once it pass marius see two people in the street outside . one be a old gentleman , valjean . the other be a beautiful young girl , cosette . the two be give alm to beggar as they walk back from evening church service . marius can not take he eye off cosette . he 's never see anyone so lovely in he life . we hear the instrumental foreshadow of `a heart full of Love ' . as if draw by marius 's gaze , cosette look up and meet he eye . she too be amaze : he 's look at she as if he already know she . a second carriage break they hold gaze . marius continue on down the street and when he look back , at that precise moment cosette look at he again . valjean instinctively put he arm round she , guard she jealously from this distant boy 's gaze . we cut further down the street to a alleyway where the thenardier , heavily disguise , be wait for valjean 's approach with they gang of crook , babet , brujon , clacquesous , Montparnasse . thenardier everyone here , you know you place - brujon , babet , clacquesous - you , Montparnasse , watch for the law - with eponine - take care . ( Montparnasse hurry over to the doorway where eponine be watch marius ) you turn on the tear ! ( to Madame thenardier who be hold a baby ) no mistake , my dear ! thenardier approach valjean and lure he into the mouth of the alleyway where Madame thenardier be sit on the ground hold the cry infant . cosette be a few step behind , still entrance by the sight of marius . 63. thenardier please , m'sieur , come this way . here 's a child that be not eat today . save a life , spare a sou ! God reward all the good that you do . as valjean bend down to look at Madame thenardier she recognize he . madame thenardier wait a bit ! know that face ! ( to monsieur thenardier ) ai not the world a remarkable place ! thenardier Men like I do not forget - you be the bastard who borrow cosette ! valjean what be this ? be you mad ? no , monsieur , you do not know what you say ! thenardier pull off he disguise . valjean recognise he . thenardier you know I ! I know you ! and you will pay what I be due . he signal to he gang . a door open in the alleyway revealing the huge brujon . the gang move in on valjean menacingly . eponine ( shout from up the street ) it 's the police ! disappear ! run for it ! it 's javert ! the gang spill out into the street to find themselves confront by javert now with he man . marius watch , as do gavroche , draw by the rumpus . javert another brawl in the square ! another stink in the air ! be there a witness to this ? well , let he speak to javert ! he see man with he arm protectively round a girl but do not recognize valjean as valjean have avert he face . 64 . javert monsieur , this street be not safe . but let this vermin beware , we will see that justice be do ! he turn back on the thenardier gang in the passage . javert look upon this fine collection crawle from underneath a stone . this swarm of worm and maggot could have pick you to the bone ! I know this man over here , I know he name and he trade . and on you witness , m'sieur , I will see he suitably pay . he turn back to find valjean and cosette go . javert but where 's the gentleman go ? and why on earth do he run ? thenardier you will have a job to find he ! he 's not all he seem to be - and that girl he trail behind he she 's the child he steal from I ! marius , equally baffle , go off in search of they . javert could it be he 's that old jailbird that the tide now wash in ? Heard my name and start run ... all the omen point to he . thenardier , listen , hear this all with great interest . so valjean be a crook like he . javert and the girl who stand beside he , when I turn they both have go . could he be the man I have hunt ? could it be he 's Jean valjean ? thenardier in the absence of a victim , dear Inspector , may I go ? and remember when you have nick he it be I what tell you so . 65 . javert ( to himself ) let the old man keep on run I will run he off he foot ! ( to the crowd ) everyone about you business ! ( to gavroche ) clear this garbage off the street ! gavroche be sit on a horse trough and fall back into it when javert surprise he . he be furious . he sing to javert 's depart back , and to marius who be close by . gavroche that inspector think he 's something but it 's I who run this town ! and my theatre never close and the curtain 's never down ! trust gavroche ! have no fear ! you can always find I here ! eponine cosette ! now I remember ... cosette ! how can it be ? we be child together . look what 's become of I . she turn back to find marius gaze down the street . marius eponine ! who be that girl ? eponine that bourgeois two - a- penny thing ! marius eponine , find she for I ! eponine what will you give I ? marius anything ! eponine get you all excited now , but God know what you see in she . be not you all delighted now ? no , I do not want you money , sir . 66 . marius eponine , do this for I , discover where she life . but careful how you go - do not let you father know . eponine ! I be lose until she 's find . eponine you see ? I tell you so ! there 's lot of thing I know ! eponine , she know she way around . 56-61 scene omitted 56-61 62 ext . paris police hq - night 62 wide of the Police headquarters on the Isle de la cite : a huge bureaucracy . the camera find javert stand inside look out of a door lead onto the roof . as he sing he walk out onto the roof and stand by the symbol of the hq , a monumental stone eagle . he look down at the light reflect in the river below . then up at the great city . javert too have a God , and this be he prayer . javert there , out in the darkness a fugitive run running from God fall from grace - God be my witness I never shall yield till we come face to face - till we come face to face ... he know he way in the dark mine be the way of the Lord that who follow the path of the righteous shall have they reward and if they fall as lucifer fall - the flame ! the sword ! star in you multitude ! scarce to be count fill the darkness with order and light - you be the sentinels Silent and sure keeping watch in the night - keeping watch in the night ... you know you place in the sky you hold you course ( more ) 67 . javert ( cont would ) and you aim and each in you season returns and return and be always the same and if you fall as lucifer fall you fall in flame ! and so it must be , and so it be write on the doorway to paradise that that who falter and that who fall must pay the price ! Lord , let I find he that I may see he safe behind bar ! I will never rest till then ! this I swear this I swear by the star ! javert stand silhouett against the star , he arm raise up to the night sky . 63 ext . rue do LA chanvrerie - night 63 marius come down the street , he mind full of thought of cosette . 64 int . café musain - night 64 marius arrive at the first floor front room . here a group of student be clean rifle and share they excitement at the come revolution : enjolras , combeferre , courfeyrac , joly , grantaire , feuilly , prouvaire and other . enjolras well , courfeyrac ! do we have all the gun ? joly , prouvaire ! we time be run short ! courfeyrac student , worker , everyone ! there 's a river on the run ! like the flow of the tide , Paris be come to we side ! combeferre enjolras ! at Notre Dame the section be prepare ! 68 . feuilly at rue du bac they be strain at the leash ! enjolras grantaire , put the bottle down ! do we get the gun we need ? grantaire give I brandy on my breath and I will breathe they all to death ! enjolras the time be near ... so near it 's stir the blood in they vein . and yet beware ! do not let the wine go to you brain . for the army we fight be a dangerous foe with the man and the arm that we never can match . it be easy to sit here and swat they like fly but the National Guard will be harder to catch . we need a sign to rally the people to call they to arm to bring they in line ! joly turn go over to marius at the back , a faraway look on he face . joly marius , wake up ! what 's wrong today ? you look as if you have see a ghost . grantaire some wine , and say what 's go on ! they sit . marius a ghost , you say ? a ghost maybe ! she be like a ghost to I - one minute there - then she be go ! grantaire I be agog ! I be aghast ! be marius in love at last ? I have never hear he ooh and aah . you talk of battle to be win ( more ) 69 . grantaire ( cont would ) and here he come like Don Juan ! it be better than a opera ! they burst into laughter . but enjolras be not smile . enjolras it be time for we all to decide who we be . do we fight for the right to a night at the opera now ? have you ask yourselves what 's the price you might pay ? be this simply a game for rich young boy to play ? the colour of the world be change day by day - Red - the blood of angry man ! Black - the dark of age past ! Red - a world about to dawn ! Black - the night that end at last ! marius have you see she today you might know how it feel to be strike to the bone by a moment of breathless delight ! have you be there today you might also have know how the world may be change in just one burst of light and what be right seem wrong and what be wrong seem right ! grantaire Red ! marius I feel my soul on fire ! grantaire Black ! marius my world if she 's not there ! student Red ! marius the colour of desire ! student Black ! 70 . marius the colour of despair ! enjolras marius , you be no longer a child - I do not doubt you mean it well but now there be a higher call ! who care about you lonely soul ? we strive towards a larger goal - we little life do not count at all ! enjolras Red ! student the blood of angry man ! enjolras Black ! student the dark of age past ! Red - a world about to dawn ! Black - the night that end at last ! a scuffle at the door - gavroche struggle with the barman . courfeyrac let he through . gavroche listen ! listen to I ! courfeyrac listen , everybody ! gavroche General Lamarque be dead ! enjolras turn to he companion . enjolras Lamarque be dead ... Lamarque ... his death be the hour of fate . the people 's man ... his death be the sign we await ! on he funeral day they will honour he name with the light of rebellion ablaze in they eye . from they candle of grief we will kindle we flame . on the tomb of Lamarque shall we barricade rise ! the time be here ! ( more ) 71 . enjolras ( cont would ) let we welcome it gladly with courage and cheer ! student let we take to the street with no doubt in we heart courfeyrac but a jubilant shout ! lesgle they will come one and all ! student they will come when we call ! as the student sing , eponine enter want to talk to marius . marius see she . 65 int . valjean' house , rue plumet - night 65 cosette be pace in she bedroom . it 's a pretty room , the best room in this small summer house . her shutter be open , give a view of a wild unkempt garden . she look at herself in a mirror , aware of she look perhaps for the first time . cosette how strange - this feel that my life 's begin at last ! this change - can people really fall in love so fast ? what 's the matter with you , cosette ? have you be too much on you own ? so many thing unclear - so many thing unknown ... in my life there be so many question and answer that somehow seem wrong . in my life there be time when I catch in the silence the sigh of a faraway song and it sing of a world that I long to see - out of reach just a whisper away wait for I ! do he know I be alive ? do I know if he 's real ? ( more ) 72 . cosette ( cont would ) do he see what I see ? do he feel what I feel ? in my life I be no longer alone - now the love in my life be so near ... find I now ! find I here ! valjean knock and open she door . he close she shutter . valjean dear cosette , you be such a lonely child . how pensive , how sad you seem to I . believe I , be it within my power I would fill each pass hour . how quiet it must be , I can see , with only I for company . cosette there 's so little I know that I be long to know of the man that you be in a time long ago ... there 's so little you say of the life you have know , why you keep to yourself , why we be always alone . so dark ! so dark and deep , the secret that you keep ! in my life please forgive what I say you be loving and gentle and good . but papa , dear papa , in you eye I be still like that child who be lose in a wood . valjean no more word - no more word . it 's a time that be dead . there be word that be better unheard , better unsaid . cosette in my life I be no longer a child and I yearn for the truth that you know of the year ... year ago ! 73. valjean leave and go into he own bedroom . a simple wooden shack at the back of the summerhouse , valjean himself life with spartan simplicity - he have give the best room to cosette . cosette follow . valjean sit on he bed , he back to cosette . valjean you will learn . Truth be give by God to we all in we time , in we turn . 66 ext . rue plumet - night 66 marius rush down the street , eponine follow . at the far end be the wall garden behind which lie valjean 's house . marius in my life she have burst like the music of angel the light of the sun ! and my life seem to stop as if something be over and something have scarcely begin ! eponine , you be the friend who have bring I here . thanks to you I be one with the god and heaven be near ! and I soar through a world that be new , that be free ! eponine every word that he say be a dagger in I ! in my life there 's be no one like he anywhere , anywhere , where he be if he ask ... I would be he ! marius / eponine in my life there be someone who touch my life - marius ( see cosette in the garden ) wait near ! 74 . eponine wait here ! marius a heart full of love ! cosette see marius . she come up the garden path towards he . she see eponine by marius 's side . marius a heart full of song ! I be do everything all wrong - oh God , for shame - I do not even know you name . dear mad'moiselle , wo not you say ? will you tell ? cosette hold the wrought- ironwork of the gate with both hand , eye on marius . eponine look on and suffer . marius wrap he hand round cosette 's . cosette a heart full of love ! no fear , no regret ! marius my name be marius pontmercy . cosette and mine 's cosette . marius cosette ... I do not know what to say - cosette then make no sound . marius I be lose - cosette I be find ! marius a heart full of light - cosette /marius a night bright as day - marius and you must never go away , cosette - cosette ! cosette this be a chain we will never break . 75 . marius do I dream ? cosette I be awake . marius a heart full of love - eponine he be never mine to lose why regret what could not be ? cosette a heart full of you - eponine this be word he will never say not to I , not to I not for I ! marius a single look and then I know ! cosette I know it too ! eponine his heart full of love ... marius from today - eponine he will never feel this way . cosette every day ... marius / cosette for it be not a dream - not a dream after all ! valjean come to the door . valjean cosette ! cosette ! cosette turn and run in to the house . valjean walk down the overgrown garden path to the gate . marius move quickly away , instinctively nervous of discovery , and hide behind the wall . 76 . valjean peer into the shadow . he sense that perhaps cosette have be talk to someone . he look pensive . valjean return inside . cosette have drop a keepsake through the gate . marius pick it up . marius make he way back down the street , fill with thought of he love . completely forget eponine be there . shadows move up the street from the other direction . it 's thenardier and he gang . they gather at the wrought- iron gate . montparnasse this be he lair ! I have see the old fox around . babet he keep himself to himself he 's stay close to the ground . thenardier I smell profit here ! ten year ago he come and pay for cosette . I let she go for a song . it 's time we settle the debt . this will cost he dear . brujon what do I care who you should rob ? gimme my share ! finish the job ! thenardier you shut you mouth ! you will get what 's yours ! brujon start work on the gate lock . he find eponine lurking in the shadow . brujon what have we here ? thenardier who be this hussy ? babet it 's you brat eponine ! do not you know you own kid ? why 's she hang about here ? 77 . thenardier eponine , get on home ! you be not need in this . we be enough here without you . eponine I know this house , I tell you ! there 's nothing here for you ! just the old man and the girl . they live ordinary life . thenardier do not interfere ! you have get some gall ! take care , young miss , you have get a lot to say ! brujon she 's go soft ! clacquesous happens to all ! montparnasse go home , eponine ! go home , you be in the way ! they huddle round the garden gate , which be now break open . eponine I be gonna scream ! I be gonna warn they here ! thenardier one little scream and you ' will regret it for a year ! he go to the gate and open it . eponine scream . 67 scene omitted 67 68 int . rue plumet , paris - night 68 valjean , now in he own bedroom , hear the scream and turn to the window . 69 ext . rue plumet - night 69 thenardier and he gang shrink into the shadow , as eponine 's scream end at last . 78 . thenardier make for the sewer ! get underground ! leave she to I , do not wait around ! he turn on eponine and slap she hard across the face . thenardier you wait , my girl ! you will rue this night ! I will make you scream ! you will scream all right ! his man have lever up a grate , and now thenardier and the gang disappear down into the sewer . 70 int . valjean' house - rue plumet , paris - night 70 valjean come run into cosette 's room . valjean take she in he arm . valjean my God , cosette ! I hear a cry in the dark . I hear the shout of angry voice in the street . cosette Three man I see beyond the wall ... Three man in shadow move fast ! valjean this be a warning to we all ! this be the shadow of the past ! he move away to he own bedroom . valjean must be javert . he 's find my cover at last . I have get to get cosette away before he return . he come back to cosette . valjean we must get away from shadow that will never let we be . tonight we leave cosette ! cosette to where ? 79 . valjean rue de l'homme armee . cosette no ! no ! valjean and then a ship across the sea . valjean hurry , cosette ! prepare to leave , and say no more . tonight we will away ! cosette ( overlap ) no ! please no ! we can not go ! valjean hurry , cosette ! it 's time to close another door and live another day ! valjean leave to start pack . feverishly , cosette scribbles a letter . 71 scene omitted 71 72 ext . garden , rue plumet - night 72 cosette hurry down the garden to the gate , and go to put the fold letter in the grill where she and marius ' hand entwine . then she see eponine . eponine step forward . she thrust she letter into she hand . cosette please give this to marius ! he must know where to find I . she run back inside . 73 ext . rue plumet / bridge / rue do LA chanvrerie - night 73 eponine crumple up the letter . she walk sadly away down the street . rain be just start to fall . eponine and now I be all alone again - nowhere to turn , no one to go to . without a home , without a friend , ( more ) 80 . eponine ( cont would ) without a face to say hello to . the city go to bed and I can live inside my head . on my own pretend he 's beside I all alone I walk with he till morning without he I feel he arm around I and when I lose my way I close my eye and he have find I . she cross a bridge over the river . eponine in the rain the pavement shine like silver all the light be misty in the river in the darkness the tree be full of starlight and all I see be he and I forever and forever ! and I know it 's only in my mind - that I be talk to myself and not to he . and although I know that he be blind , still I say there 's a way for we . I love he but when the night be over he be go - the river 's just a river . without he the world around I change - the tree be bare and everywhere the street be full of stranger . I love he but every day I be learn all my life I have only be pretend . without I , he world will go on turn a world that 's full of happiness that I have never know . I love he I love he I love he but only on my own . 81 . her solitary journey have bring she to the gorbeau slum . she go inside . 73a int . gorbeau tenement - night 73a eponine stand outside marius ' door . she open the letter , read it , then hide it in she pocket . she push open marius ' door . marius look up . eponine I come to tell you she 's go . marius go ? what do you mean ? eponine she 's go to England . marius set off at a run towards the rue plumet . 74 ext . rue plumet - night 74 marius find the gate break open , see the house beyond dark and desert . he push in to the garden , up to the house window , see the room empty within . he stand stare , in shock . eponine have follow he , and watch he in silence . 75 scene omitted 75 76 int . carriage - night . 76 valjean and cosette sit on either side of the carriage , apart , stare out of they respective window . a stark contrast to the carriage scene when valjean sing to cosette as a little girl . valjean one day more ! another day , another destiny . this never -end road to Calvary . this man who seem to know my crime will surely come a second time - one day more ! 77 ext . rue plumet - night 77 marius by the empty house . 82. marius I do not live until today - how can I live when we be parte ? 78 int . carriage - night 78 valjean one day more ! cosette tomorrow you will be world away and yet with you my world have start ! 79 ext / int . rue plumet / carriage - night 79 intercut between eponine at the gate , cosette and valjean in the carriage , and marius in the dark garden . eponine one more day all on my own ... marius / cosette will we ever meet again ? eponine one more day with he not caring ... marius / cosette I be bear to be with you ! eponine what a life I might have know ... marius / cosette and I swear I will be true ! eponine but he never see I there . 80 int . café musain ground &amp ; 1st floor / ext . rue do LA 80 chanvrerie - night enjolras and the student have a production line under way for make bullet . the rifle be now stack and ready for the uprising . grantaire be downstairs flirt with a barmaid . madame hucheloup the proprietress of the Cafe musain be sewing a red revolutionary flag to help the student . enjolras one more day before the storm ! 83. intercut with marius walk back sadly through the rue de la chanvrerie . eponine follow he at a distance . marius do I follow where she go ? enjolras at the barricade of freedom ! marius shall I join my brother there ? enjolras when we rank begin to form - marius do I stay and do I dare ? enjolras ( from top of stair , for grantaire 's benefit ) will you take you place with I ? grantaire rather reluctantly go upstairs . all the time be now ! the day be here ! one day more ! 81 int . paris police hq - night 81 javert be briefing a hundred uniform police about the come day in a grand ornate old room at Police headquarters . javert one day more to revolution . we will nip it in the bud . we will be ready for this schoolboy . they will wet themselves with blood ! 82 int . carriage - night 82 valjean one day more ! 83 int . café musain - ground &amp ; 1st floor - night 83 monsieur and Madame thenardier be in the ground - floor bar , slyly watch a student smuggle some rifle up the stair disguise in a piece of cloth . 84 . joly take a tray and collect empty tankard . as he ascend the stair , Madame hucheloup try to get he to give the tankard back . thenardier watch them run amuck ! catch them as they fall ! never know you luck when there 's a free-for-all . here a little dip , there a little touch - most of they be goner so they will not miss much ! the drinker in the bar raise they glass to the student with they rifle . the student appeal to they . grantaire be drunk already . joly start to melt the tankard in a pot to make more bullet . marius enter the ground floor and take the red flag from Madame hucheloup that she have just finish . the citizen on the ground floor join the student . student / crowd one day to a new beginning ! raise the flag of freedom high ! every man will be a king ! every man will be a king ! there 's a new world for the win ! there 's a new world to be win ! do you hear the people sing ? marius enter the first floor to join they at last . marius my place be here ! I fight with you ! 84 int / ext . rue do l'homme armee / rue do LA chanvrerie / café 84 musain ground &amp ; 1st floor / police station - night valjean and cosette arrive at they new hideout - marius tie the red flag onto a flagpole - valjean one day more ! cosette /marius I do not live until today how can I live when we be parte ? eponine outside the café , gaze longingly towards marius - eponine one more day on my own ... 85 . javert in the police station to he man - javert I will join this people 's heroes I will follow where they go . I will learn they little secret , I will know the thing they know . valjean / javert one day more ! marius / cosette tomorrow you will be world away and yet with you my world have start . javert one more day to revolution we will nip it in the bud we will be ready for this schoolboy - thenardier watch them run amuck catch them as they fall never know you luck when there 's a free-for-all ! valjean tomorrow we will be far away . valjean / javert tomorrow be the judgement day . all tomorrow we will discover what we God in heaven have in store - one more dawn ! one more day ! one day more ! we pull back from enjolras and marius hold they flag at the first floor window with the student beyond they to see that citizen have spill out of the Cafe musain into the street and have all join in the final chorus . 85 ext . paris street - day 85 all be still . then come the soft beat of drape drum . the tramp of foot . all down the street , wait , the silent face of the poor . among they we see enjolras , marius , and the radical student . 86 . Police and national guardsman control the grow crowd . now into view come the leader of a great funeral procession . a entire battalion of infantry , march with weapon reverse . a column of black -suite dignitary carry branch of laurel . a division of cavalry ride in front , behind a section of military drummer who drum a military tatoo . into frame come a team of black horse step slowly , black plume nodd , draw behind they a gun carriage drape in the tricolour flag . on the carriage stand a coffin . softly , in time with the drum , the watch people begin to sing . crowd do you hear the people sing sing the song of angry man ? it be the music of a people who will not be slave again ! the police and guardsman look round to see who be sing so subversively , but they can not be sure where it 's come from . the sing grow stronger . crowd when the beat of you heart echoes the beat of the drum there be a life about to start when tomorrow come ! the dignitary become aware of the sing , and glance uneasily from side to side . crowd will you join in we crusade ? who will be strong and stand with I ? Beyond the barricade be there a world you long to see ? as the coffin on its carriage draw level with the student , enjolras suddenly step out in front of the horse draw the carriage and wave the red flag , stop the horse and the procession . enjolras then join in the fight that will give you the right to be free ! the student break the rank of the crowd and surround the coffin carriage . 87 . student / crowd do you hear the people sing sing the song of angry man ? it be the music of a people who will not be slave again ! when the beat of you heart echoes the beat of the drum there be a life about to start when tomorrow come ! enjolras , marius and courfeyrac and other student climb onto the top of the carriage as the horse and lead by combeferre . enjolras will you give all you can give so that we banner may advance ? courfeyrac some will fall and some will live will you stand up and take you chance ? enjolras /marius / courfeyrac the blood of the martyr will water the meadow of France ! the crowd support they and surround the coffin carriage , block the attempt of the police to intervene , sing with passion . student / crowd do you hear the people sing sing the song of angry man ? it be the music of a people who will not be slave again ! when the beat of you heart echoes the beat of the drum there be a life about to start when tomorrow come ! enjolras , the student , and the impassion crowd have now become the procession . they turn off the main street away from the expect course of the funeral procession . gavroche 's elephant loom over this side street . gavroche and he gang jump down from the elephant to join in . as the procession turn off , the calvary division gallop ahead and disappear round a corner . student / crowd will you join in we crusade ? who will be strong and stand with I ? somewhere beyond the barricade be there a world you long to see ? do you hear the people sing ? ( more ) 88. student / crowd ( cont would ) say , do you hear the distant drum ? it be the future that we bring when tomorrow come ! the student and crowd come face to face with the calvary . on one side , musket of the infantry poke through the break down fence surround the elephant . other infantry have take up position in a cafe opposite , upend table to provide cover . there be a tense , prolong silence . then suddenly one nervous soldier let off a round . it hit a middle age kindly look woman citizen in the crowd around the coffin carriage . the crowd be furious . student charge the soldier , grab he musket and knock he down with the hilt of the gun . more shot ring out . the cavalry charge . the funeral explode into a riot . the people of Paris turn on the dragoon , the National Guards , the police . more squadron of dragoon charge into the crowd , sabre unsheathed . woman run scream in terror . enjolras to the barricade ! student / crowd to the barricade ! to arm ! to arm ! some student fire weapon into the air , some into the cavalry and at the infantry . enjolras knock a calvary officer off he horse and marius jump on the horse . the student break away and race off through the cafe into a side street where citizen begin to erect a barricade . a cavalry rider give chase and be shot by one of the student and fall through the window of a upend carriage . the student , with marius on horseback , race to the slum . 86 ext . rue do LA chanvrerie / int . cafe musain - day 86 follow the student as they burst into they home street . they have be join by a motley collection of citizen include burgher and a old eccentric man father mabeuf who work as hard as anyone . they raid a fencing shop and a gun shop for weapon , they force wife to give up they husband ' musket and chalk up the debt to the revolution on they front door , they encourage homeowner to contribute furniture sometimes appear at high window to help overcome any reluctance . soon the street be raining table , chair , mattress , sofa . they smash streetlamp . they set to work to build they barricade . student commandeer a omnibus which be overturn to form the barricade 's heart . Three student arrive in the street haul a uproote tree . 89 . they pull up pave stone , rip board , timber and front door from house and shop -front , pull down buttress , and raid the Cafe musain , systematically stripping it of every item of furniture despite the lamentation and protestation of Madame hucheloup and she barmaid . as the barricade rise they bring down from the first floor of the cafe the rifle and ammunition they have gather , to prepare to defend they choose ground . a student stand on a stone post distribute weapon . they line the first and second floor front room with pave stone to create protect shoot position . the inside of the barricade be build neatly with step up make from pave stone . the outside be a crazy knarle mess . enjolras here upon this stone we will build we barricade . in the heart of the city we claim as we own each man to he duty and do not be afraid . a man in worker 's clothing be help build the grow barricade , . he wear the insignia of the rebel , and keep he head down . enjolras wait ! I will need a report on the strength of the foe . the man who 's just arrive look up . it 's javert . javert I can find out the truth ! I know they way , fought they war , served my time in the day of my youth . he slip away through the barricade , which be still rise . prouvaire see ! the people unite ! grantaire pray you right combeferre dog will bark ! gavroche fleas will bite ! lesgle they will do what be right . 90 . 87 ext . barricade - dusk 87 the barricade be now complete : a impressive wall up to twelve foot high , with one heavily guard section that can be wheeled open to allow access . two smaller barricade protect the leave and right side of the cafe . enjolras climb halfway up the main barricade and turn to he little army . grantaire prise the final piece of Madame hucheloup 's furniture from she arm - she favourite sewing armchair - and add it to the barricade . as the man sing she steal it back defiantly . enjolras Red , the blood of angry man ! all Black , the dark of age past ! Red , a world about to dawn ! Black , the night that end at last ! 87a ext . barricade - night 87a it be night . the student have be wait for hour . a single flame torch atop the barricade cage in by cobble underlight a flutter red flag . there be no sign yet of any opposition . a boy climb down from sentry duty on the barricade . marius realize its eponine . she sit down with she back to he . marius hey , little boy , what 's this I see ? God eponine the thing you do ! eponine I know this be no place for I , still I would rather be with you ! marius get out before the trouble start ! get out , ` ponine , you might get shot ! eponine I have get you worried now , I have ! that show you like I quite a lot ... marius get out ! joly , sentry on the main barricade , see a figure approach . 91 . joly he 's back ! javert , still in he disguise as a rebel , be let back through the guard `gate ' into the barricade street . javert listen , my friend , I have do as I say . I have be to they line , I have count each man . I will tell what I can . better be warn they have army to spare and we danger be real - we will need all we cun to bring they to heel . enjolras have faith ! if you know what they movement be we will spoil they game . there be way that a people can fight - we shall overcome they power ! javert I have overhear they plan . there will be no attack tonight . they intend to starve you out before they start a proper fight - concentrate they force , hit we when it 's light - gavroche liar ! they all look up . there 's gavroche , on the top of the barricade . gavroche good evening , dear Inspector . Lovely evening , my dear ! I know this man , my friend . his name 's Inspector javert ! so do not believe a word he say Cause none of it 's true . this only go to show what little people can do . gun swing round to aim at javert . he stare back in defiance . gavroche come dance down the barricade to courfeyrac 's delighted embrace . 92 . courfeyrac bravo , little gavroche ! you be the top of the class ! gavroche grab grantaire 's red cap and put it on he own head , mimick the student . prouvaire so what be we go to do with this snake in the grass ? enjolras face javert . enjolras tie this man and take he to the tavern in there ! the people will decide you fate , Inspector javert ! javert shoot I now or shoot I later - every schoolboy to he sport ! death to each and every traitor ! I renounce you people 's court ! enjolras take this man . bring he through . there be work we have to do . javert be lead into the cafe . as they pass through the front door only one student be hold javert . seize he opportunity , javert break free and the student have to subdue he by force . javert be on he knee and be be tie to the staircase . enjolras when be they come !? silence . suddenly , out of the darkness , the student and citizen at the barricade here a ominous distant sound . the sound of march foot , hundred of man , march in unison . first soft , then building louder and louder , closer and closer . boot on cobble . the sound come right into the end of the street . enjolras and all the student man the main barricade . silence . they peer over the barricade . in the pitch blackness , all they can make out be hundred of gossamer thin sliver . this be bayonet and musket barrel dimly light by the reflection from the torch . a voice shout out from the darkness . 93. army officer who 's there ? at the same time we hear the clatter of gun be levell . enjolras french Revolution . army officer Fire ! a flash turn all the facade of the street bright crimson as though the door of a furnace have suddenly open and shut . a dreadful explosion burst over the barricade . the red flag fall , the pole slice through . bullet richochet off the cornice of the house , bore into the barricade and wound several man . enjolras ( as student return fire ) comrade , do not fire back ! do not waste powder ! in the darkness , the clang of ramrod in musket - the troop reloading weapon . enjolras pick up the fall flag and be about to take it up when the old man Father mabeuf who have see many insurrection before this take the flag and run up onto the top of the barricade . army officer who 's there ? get down ! mabeuf vive la France ! army officer Fire ! a second volley . Father mabeuf fall down dead . while everyone be reacting to the dead old man and the wounded , the man be distract from notice that some french soldier have use the cover of darkness to creep down the street . all at once the first full attack begin . shout and the rattle of gunfire as soldier throw themselves up and over the barricade . the student run for they gun and return fire . they be take by surprise . all could be lose in the first instant . some soldier make it up to the top of the barricade , where they be drive back by the fierce resistance of the defender . eponine see one soldier aim he rifle at marius - she throw herself in front of marius just as the rifle fire - and marius be safe . 94 . they be be overrun . panic ensue . the gun battle be fierce . marius in a flash of inspiration realise all be lose unless they do something . he drag a barrel of gunpowder to the top of the barricade , grab the torch and with a face of deadly resolve he tip the torch towards the barrel . marius clear out or I will blow up the barricade ! everyone freeze . army officer blow it up then and take yourself with it ! marius and myself with it ! marius bring the torch closer to the powder keg . but already the soldier have clear out . marius come down from the barricade . feuilly ( to marius ) thank you ! lesgle what be you think ! as everyone surround marius in amazement he spot eponine lie propped against the barricade . marius eponine ! what have you do ? he kneel by she side . eponine be die . eponine here ... it 's from cosette ... I keep it from you ... with a struggle she pull the letter out of she pocket , and push it into he hand . eponine do not be too hard on I ... marius be shocked to find blood pour from she wound . marius eponine , you be hurt ! you need some help ! rain begin to fall . 95 . eponine do not you fret , m'sieur marius - I do not feel any pain . a little fall of rain can hardly hurt I now . you be here - that 's all I need to know and you will keep I safe and you will keep I close and rain will make the flower grow ... marius but you will live , eponine - dear God above ! if I could close you wound with word of love - eponine just hold I now , and let it be . shelter I ... Comfort I ... marius you will live a hundred year if I could show you how ... I will not desert you now ... eponine the rain can not hurt I now ... this rain will wash away what 's past and you will keep I safe and you will keep I close I will sleep in you embrace at last . marius try to comfort eponine in he arm . marius hush - a-bye , dear eponine you will not feel any pain a little fall of rain can hardly hurt you now I be here . eponine so do not you fret , m'sieur marius I do not feel any pain a little fall of rain can hardly hurt I now ... marius I will stay with you till you be sleep . eponine that 's all I need to know and you will keep I safe ( more ) 96 . eponine ( cont would ) and you will keep I close and rain .. will make the flower ... grow ... eponine die in marius 's arm . marius look up at the other , he eye full of tear . enjolras they be the first to fall . the first to fall upon this barricade . marius her name be eponine ! her life be cold and dark , yet she be unafraid ! combeferre we fight here in she name ... prouvaire she will not die in vain ... lesgle she will not be betrayed ... they pick up eponine 's body and carry she into the tavern . courfeyrac ( to gavroche ) be you alright ? gavroche that be my sister . 88 ext . barricade - night 88 marius read the letter eponine have give he . he take out pencil and paper and write a note . look round , he see gavroche . marius gavroche ! do you know the rue de l' homme armé ? gavroche course I do ! marius will you take this for I ? he hold out he note . 97 . 89 int . inn , rue do l'homme armee , paris - night 89 the landlady climb the stair , follow by gavroche . the landlady indicate the door , and gavroche knock boldly . the door open a crack to reveal a cautious valjean . gavroche letter for cosette . valjean I will take it . gavroche hold out the letter with one hand , not quite give it , the other hand open for a tip . valjean give he a coin , which he pocket as he hand over the letter . gavroche something for you , something for I . who need charity ? 90 int . valjean' room , lodging house - night 90 on valjean - as he read the note . valjean ` dearest cosette , you have enter my soul and soon you will be go . can it be only a day since we meet and the world be reborn ? if I should fall in the battle to come let this be my goodbye . now that I know you love I as well it be harder to die . I pray that God will bring I home to be with you . pray for you marius . he pray for you . ' he look up , deeply distress . he can not bear the think of lose cosette . valjean they have not get a chance , this boy they almost certainly will die she will be alone and she will need I all the more and we will go on as before when he be go I dare not think like this I must find this boy 98 . 91 ext . paris street - night 91 valjean walk the street , not caring where he go , struggle with he torment thought . he see a barricade be dismantle . and body . suddenly he know what he 's go to do . he see a dead soldier . he take he jacket and swiftly pull it on . he continue on he way in the dark . look up he see that he 's be walk all the time towards the very barricade where marius wait . now look like a soldier , he pass unchallenge through they line , and into the shadow . as he pass , he notice two soldier climb up onto the rooftop . 92 ext . barricade - night 92 glimpsis through the barricade of a lone figure approach from the far end of the narrow street . the figure come into lamp light . it 's valjean , in the soldier 's jacket . the student sentries level they gun . gavroche jump up . valjean do not shoot ! joly here come a man in uniform ! what bring you to this place ? valjean I come here as a volunteer . joly approach and show you face ! prouvaire you wear a army uniform . valjean that 's why they let I through . the student sentries open the slot in the barricade to let valjean enter . joly you have get some year behind you , sir . valjean there 's much that I can do . 99 . joly you see that prisoner over there ? he point to javert , in a dark corner , he hand tie . grantaire a volunteer like you ! combeferre a spy who call himself javert ! grantaire he 's go to get it too ! javert look up and meet valjean 's eye . a steady share look . gavroche do not shoot ! I know he ! he 's no soldier ! suddenly valjean spot a couple of sniper creep over the roof to gain a angle of attack on they . they be aim at enjolras . swiftly valjean grab a gun and shoot up at they send they scatter . quickly other student join in and the sniper be drive back . there be a burst of gunfire from both end of the street as a brief fire fight ensue . the sniper have disappear . enjolras turn to valjean . enjolras for you presence of mind , for the deed you have do , I will thank you , m'sieur , when we battle be win . marius thank you , m'sieur . valjean give I no thanks , m'sieur . there 's something you can do . enjolras if it be in my power . valjean give I the spy javert ! let I take care of he . javert hear this with grim satisfaction . 100 . javert the law be inside out . the world be upside down . enjolras do what you have to do - the man belong to you . he turn to he little army . enjolras the enemy may be regroup ! hold yourselves in readiness ! come , my friend , back to you position ! the dawn be break fast . valjean take javert out the back of the Cafe musain . he carry a knife . valjean we meet again ... javert you have hungered for this all you life . take you revenge . how right you should kill with a knife . valjean use the knife to cut javert free . valjean you talk too much . you life be safe in my hand . javert do not understand ... valjean get out of here . javert valjean , take care ! I be warning you . valjean clear out of here ! javert once a thief , forever a thief . what you want , you always steal . you would trade you life for mine . yes , valjean , you want a deal ! shoot I now for all I care - if you let I go , beware ! you will still answer to javert ! 101 . valjean you be wrong , and always have be wrong . I be a man no worse than any man . you be free , and there be no condition - no bargain or petition . there 's nothing that I blame you for . you have do you duty , nothing more . no doubt we path will cross again . he raise he gun and point it at javert . valjean go ! as javert go , he raise the gun barrel and fire a single shot into the air . enjolras courfeyrac , you take the watch - they may attack before it 's light . everybody keep the faith , for certain as we banner fly , we be not alone - the people too must rise ! marius be manically work to raise the height of one of the smaller barricade . enjolras marius , rest . grantaire drunkenly start sing a drink song and it be take up more seriously by feuilly . bottle be pass round . grantaire drink with I to day go by ! feuilly sing with I the song we know ! prouvaire here 's to pretty girl who go to we head ! joly here 's to witty girl who go to we bed ! 102 . student here 's to they - ( marius sing to valjean ) and here 's to you ! grantaire drink with I to day go by ! can it be you fear to die ? will the world remember you when you fall ? can it be you death means nothing at all ? be you life just one more lie ? grantaire glare at enjolras and enter the cafe . all drink with I to day go by ! to the life that use to be ! at the shrine of friendship never say die ... let the wine of friendship never run dry ! here 's to you and here 's to I ! valjean be move through the cafe when he hear marius through a window . he move to the window . marius sit beneath it . marius do I care if I should die now she go across the sea ? life without cosette means nothing at all .. please do not weep , cosette , should marius fall . will you weep , cosette , for I ? valjean listen to marius 's song , and he 's move . 93 ext . barricade / int . cafe musain - night 93 look-out keep watch at either end of the barricade street . many of the rest of the rebel be sleep . valjean pace , unable to sleep , inside the cafe . Dead body be line up on the ground floor . he come to a stop , and gaze on marius as he sleep through the window . valjean God on high hear my prayer ( more ) 103 . valjean ( cont would ) in my need you have always be there . he be young he 's afraid let he rest Heaven bless . bring he home bring he home bring he home ! he 's like the son I might have know if God have grant I a son . the summer die one by one how soon they fly on and on and I be old and will be go . bring he peace bring he joy he be young he be only a boy . you can take you can give let he be let he live , if I die , let I die let he live bring he home bring he home bring he home ! valjean be now kneel next to the sleep marius . crane up and up - see the little world of the barricade street now surround by wait soldier - and the street round they pack with soldier in they thousand , so many that we know the little band can never win . crane up and up until the barricade and the army that entrap it have become a small pool of darkness in the centre of the bright light of Paris . 94 ext . paris - dawn 94 the sun still below the rooftop . every house be tightly shutter . 95 int . cafe musain - dawn 95 grantaire be fast asleep in the upstairs room , dead drunk . 104 . 96 ext . barricade - dawn 96 enjolras re-enter the barricade through the secret gate . he have be on a reconnaissance . he look at the street . no one be stir , but for a single shutter which open a crack - a face peep - and it close again . below he the student be up and get ready . enjolras the people have not stir . courfeyrac yet we will not abandon that who still live in fear . enjolras the people have not hear , yet we will not abandon that who can not hear . let we not waste life ! let all who wish to go from here ! there be silence . uncertainty . yet no one move to go . gavroche ( from top of barricade ) do you hear the people sing gavroche / courfeyrac sing the song of angry man student / citizen ( join ) it be the music of the people who will not be slave again when the beat of you heart echoes the beat of the drum there be a life about to start when tomorrow come ! under this : feuilly enjolras ! ammunition 's short . marius I will go into the street . there be body all around . ammunition to be have . lot of bullet to be find . enjolras I can not let you go . 105 . valjean let I go ! he 's no more than a boy . I be old . I have nothing to fear . gavroche be already climb the barricade under cover of the smoke . gavroche I volunteer ! courfeyrac come back , gavroche ! do not you dare ! joly someone pull he down right now ! gavroche look at I , I be almost there ! gavroche Little people know when little people fight we may look easy picking but we have get some bite ! so never kick a dog when he 's just a pup - we will fight like twenty army and we will not give up ! the ray of the rise sun break through , lighting up gavroche . gavroche so you would better run for cover when the pup grow - crack ! a musket shot . gavroche fall face down onto the barricade . courfeyrac no -o! he run up the barricade , seize gavroche 's body in he arm , convulse with grief , and bring it back through the gate in the barricade . at the other end of the street javert have appear . he see this gate . and talk to the Army Officer . as the smoke from the musket clear horse be reveal draw field artillery into position . the Army Officer be lining up the big gun carefully . 106 . army officer you at the barricade listen to this ! the people of Paris sleep in they bed ! you have no chance , no chance at all ! why throw you life away ? enjolras gaze on he pitifully small group . enjolras let we die face we foe ! make they bleed while we can ! combeferre make them pay through the nose ! courfeyrac make them pay for every man ! enjolras let other rise to take we place until the earth be free ! the sun now appear above the rooftop of the city . and the big gun fire - boom ! boom ! boom ! the bombardment hit the barricade , rock it . in its wake a massive barrage of musket fire . the big gun have be line up with the gate and have burst right through in the first hit . bullet fly , and every few moment another cannon ball smashes into the pile debris . javert be glimpse among the attacker . enjolras and the student throw themselves onto the barricade , fire at the attacker , hand they rifle down to other to be re-load , fire again . valjean move among they , tend to the wounded , lift down the dead , regardless of he own safety . marius take a bullet , and crumple and fall . valjean run towards he - crash ! the latest cannonade burst a hole in the barricade and now the soldier be storming through . the hard core of student fighter retreat , fire as they go , into the café musain . 107 . 97 int . café musain - day 97 student and soldier fight in the café , on the stair , up the stair to the upper room . student drive back the pursue soldier hack away at the staircase , smash it to fragment - the soldier below fire up at they - student fall , they body catch on the jag remnant of the stair . grantaire be still unconscious from drink . 98 ext . barricade - day 98 valjean have marius in he arm and be hide he from the onrush of the soldier - 99 int . café musain - day 99 the student ' ammunition have run out , they be hurl stick and bottle - but the soldier have find a way to clamber up , shoot as they come , and one by one the student be fall . 100 ext . STREET outside café musain - day 100 valjean carry marius away from the carnage . a soldier challenge he . one violent blow from valjean send the soldier fly - 101 int . café musain - day 101 the soldier break through at last to the upper room , to find there 's only enjolras still alive . he stand by the window , know he will die now , proud and unafraid . see he the soldier hesitate . the sudden silence wake grantaire from he drunken slumber . grantaire Long live the republic ! he see enjolras with the musket raise against he . grantaire go and join he . enjolras smile , and raise he now - rag red flag . the rifle blaze . grantaire drop back to the ground . enjolras fall back - 102 ext . barricade - day 102 enjolras fall backwards out of the window , until he hang upside down , the red flag still in he hand , stream like blood down the wall . 108 . pull back to see the street litter with corpse , and the remain of the barricade , and soldier scour the rubble for any last pocket of resistance . back and back to come to a stop look at the wide scene . into frame walk javert , grimly surveying the victory of law over rebellion . 103 ext . back alley - day 103 valjean carry marius down a long narrow alley that run between the back of tall house . the alley turn a corner - and there ahead be a dead end . behind he , the stamp of soldier ' boot . ahead , no way out . then he search gaze fall on a iron grate in the ground . a storm drain . on the soldier - as they come round the corner into the end of the alley . they look round . it 's empty . soldier nothing here ! the soldier depart . a moment of silence . then into the alley 's end step javert . not so easily fool . he walk all the way to the end , and look round . he see the drain at he foot . he see the sign that the grate have be lift . he stoops , and try to lift it . it 's far too heavy for he . he straighten up and look round , calculate . where do the drain lead ? 104 int . paris sewer - day 104 valjean be pull marius after he down a tight sloping pipe , where dark water race . suddenly they start to slide , then drop through a vent into a wide sewage tunnel . faint light reflect off the slime of curving tunnel wall . the skitter of rat . sodden form float by : dead body . valjean carry marius down the tunnel , move as fast as he can , lose strength all the time . he reach a intersection where four sewer meet . Light fall through distant grating . one of the four sewer be dry . here he let he burden down , and himself sink to the slimy ground to rest . he let he eye close . a voice echoe in the shadow . 109 . thenardier here 's a hint of gold stuck into a tooth - pardon I , m'sieur , you will not be need it no more . should not be too hard to sell . a figure come closer . a sewer thief , robbing corpse . no sign of life in either valjean or marius . thenardier well , someone 's get to clean'em up , my friend , before the little harvest disappear into the mud . someone 's get to collect they odd and end when the gutter run with blood . now we see the thief be thenardier . he find a ring on marius 's finger and pull it off . thenardier here 's a tasty ring pretty little thing heart 's no longer go and he 's live he little time , but he watch be tick yet . it 's a world where the dog eat the dog . where they kill for the bone in the street . and God in he heaven , he do not interfere cos he 's dead as the stiff at my foot ! I raise my eye to see the heaven and only the moon look down . the harvest moon shine down ! valjean wake , rear up , seize thenardier by the arm , slam he against the sewer wall . valjean how do I get out of here ? thenardier there ! that way ! valjean drop he , pick marius up once more , and set off . thenardier stare after they , grin . he 's send then the wrong way . later - valjean in the sewer , marius on he back , and they be sink ever deeper into the slimy water . 110 . as he feel himself sink , valjean hold marius up in he arm and forges on , chest deep , lift the young man above he head . still he sink , until he face be half - submerge and he 's gag in the filth . he stumble , and suddenly he 's sink beneath the surface , and marius be drop - then up he burst again , face black with slime , eye burn with he refusal to be beat . later - valjean stagger down the endless sewer , marius on he back . but all the time he can hear , closer now , the rush sound of the river . round a bend and at last - moonlight ahead . he drag himself on through the shallow run water towards the moonlight . he reach the exit at last . before he the river . 105 ext . river embankment , paris - night 105 valjean , crust with slime , heave marius out of the sewer onto the embankment that run beside the river . he look up . there , stare at he , be javert . valjean rise slowly . heaves marius up onto he back once more . the strain of the night be show . he 's a man near the end of he strength . valjean it 's you , javert ! I know you would not wait too long . the faithful servant at he post once more . this man 's do no wrong . and he need he family 's care . javert I warn you I would not give in ! I will not be sway ! valjean another hour yet and then I be yours and all we debt be pay . javert the man of mercy come again and talk of justice ! 111 . valjean come , time be run short - look down , javert ! he 's stand in he grave ! he start to move past javert . javert draw he pistol and hold it to valjean 's head . javert one more step and you die . valjean meet he eye . that old battle of will against will . valjean then I die . he start walk past javert . javert 's hand tremble as it hold the pistol . valjean keep walk . javert will himself to shoot , but he just can not do it . frustrate , enraged with himself , he lower the gun . javert take he , valjean , before I change my mind ! I will be wait ... 24601 ! he turn away , tremble now all up and down he body . he stare into the river . valjean be go now . he 's alone . javert who be this man ? what sort of devil be he ? to have catch I in a trap and choose to let I go free ? it be he hour at last to put a seal on my fate wipe out the past and wash I clean off the slate ! all it would take be a flick of he knife Vengeance be he and he give I back my life ! he begin to move away along the embankment , up step , towards a bridge . he 's unaware of everything except the turmoil in he brain . javert damned if I live in the debt of a thief ! damned if I yield at the end of the chase ! ( more ) 112 . javert ( cont would ) I be the law and the law be not mock ! I will spit he pity right back in he face ! there be nothing on earth that we share ! it be either valjean or javert ! how can I allow this man to hold dominion over I ? this desperate man that I have hunt ... he give I my life ! he give I freedom ! I should have perish by he hand it be he right ... it be my right to die as well ... instead I live ... but live in hell ! he move up from the embankment onto the bridge . here he stand , look down at the dark water of the night river . the seine form a whirlpool here , where violent current swirl round the pile of the bridge . javert and my thought fly apart can this man be believe ? shall he sin be forgiven ? shall he crime be reprieve ? and must I now begin to doubt who never doubted all that year ? my heart be stone and still it tremble ... the world I have know be lose in shadow be he from heaven or from hell ? and do he know that granting I my life today this man have kill I even so ? he climb up onto the parapet , reach he arm up to the night sky . javert I be reach but I fall and the star be black and cold as I stare into the void of a world that cannot hold ... I will escape now from that world from the world of Jean valjean this be nowhere I can turn ... there be no way to go on ... 113. he reach higher , turn he body , twist , as if he want some angel from on high to save he - and so , turn , he fall into the river . the swirl eddyy close over he . and he 's lose . 106 ext . STREET outside café musain - day 106 Soldiers be dismantle the last of the barricade . woman move about the street , seek they dead love one among the body that still litter the barricade . this be both the middle - class mother of the student - enjolras 's mother , grantaire 's sister - and the work woman of the slum for whom they die , united now in they grief . woman 1 do you see they go off to fight ? woman 2 Children of the barricade who do not last the night . woman 3 do you see they lying where they die ? someone use to cradle they and kiss they when they cry . woman 4 do you see they lie side by side ? woman 5 who will wake they ? woman 6 no one ever will . woman 2 no one ever tell they that a summer day can kill . woman 7 they be schoolboy never hold a gun Fighting for a new world that would rise up like the sun . woman 3 where 's that new world now the fight 's do ? the woman move off to go about they day 's business . 114 . 107 int . marius' family house , paris - day 107 close on marius - he 's waking from the nightmare , find himself in a fine bed , with clean linen . he look round : a handsome room . gillenormand marius ! you have come back to we ! marius recognise the old man anxiously watch he : he grandfather , monsieur gillenormand . marius grandfather ... he struggle to rise , but he lack the strength . his grandfather 's face show only love and concern . gillenormand Rest , marius . no more harsh word between we . I just thank God you be alive . timidly the old man come closer to the bed . tear form in marius 's eye . encourage , the old man take marius 's hand in he . gillenormand you have come home . to all of we . the distant voice of the mourn woman - women ( o.s. ) round and round and back where you begin ... 108 int . café musain - day 108 marius make he way slowly up the stair to the upper room . he 's still weak from he wound . he enter the room where he friend die , and look round . he sink into a chair . marius there 's a grief that can not be speak there 's a pain go on and on empty chair at empty table now my friend be dead and go . he see the bloodstain on the wall beneath the window sill . the blood of enjolras . marius here they talk of revolution here it be they light the flame here they sing about tomorrow ( more ) 115 . marius ( cont would ) and tomorrow never come ... from the table in the corner they could see a world reborn and they rise with voice ringing and I can hear they now ! the very word that they have sung became they last communion on the lonely barricade at dawn . he look out of the window at what 's leave of the barricade . he seem to see again the brave doom defence , the smoke and the gunfire , the young man fall . marius oh my friend , my friend , forgive I that I live and you be go there 's a grief that can not be speak there 's a pain go on and on ... phantom face at the window phantom shadow on the floor empty chair at empty table where my friend will meet no more . oh my friend , my friend , do not ask I what you sacrifice be for empty chair at empty table where my friend will sing no more . slowly he rise from the chair and turn to the doorway . there stand cosette , wait for he . 109 int . marius' family house , paris - day 109 cosette hold marius , support he , as he enter the house . cosette every day you walk with stronger step , you walk with longer step . the worst be over . marius every day I wonder every day who it be bring I here from the barricade . cosette lead he into the room where valjean and gillenormand wait . 116 . cosette do not think about it , marius ! with all the year ahead of we ! I will never go away and we will be together every day . every day we will remember that night and the vow that we make . as valjean and gillenormand look on , marius and cosette sing they love to each other . cosette a heart full of love a night full of you the word be old but always true . valjean she be never mine to keep she be youthful , she be free ... marius cosette , cosette ! cosette I see you wait and I know - gillenormand thank God , thank God you be here ! thank God , thank God you be home ! marius wait for you ! at you foot ! cosette at you call ! valjean / gillenormand Love be the garden of the young let it be let it be ! a heart full of love this I give you this day . marius / cosette and it be not a dream not a dream after all . 110 int . parlour , marius' family house - day 110 marius stand before valjean , alone in this more private room . 117 . marius m'sieur , this be a day I never can forget . be gratitude enough for give I cosette ? you home shall be with we and not a day shall pass but we will prove we love to you , whom we shall call a father to we both , a father to we all . valjean not another word , my son . there 's something now that must be do ... he 's prepare himself to make this confession , but it 's still hard . valjean there live a man whose name be Jean valjean . he steal some bread to save he sister 's son for nineteen winter serve he time in sweat he wash away he crime . marius hear this with shock . valjean year ago , he break parole and live a life apart ... how could he tell cosette and break she heart ? it 's for cosette this must be face : if he be catch , she be disgrace ... the time have come to journey on , and from this day he must be go ! who be I ? who be I ? marius you be Jean valjean ! marius can not conceal that he 's disturb by this revelation . 118. marius monsieur , you can not leave ! whatever I tell my beloved cosette she will never believe I . valjean make she believe I have go on a journey a long way away . tell she my heart be too full for farewell - it be better this way . promise I , monsieur , cosette will never know ... marius I give my word . valjean ... what I have speak , why I must go . marius for the sake of cosette , it must be so . 111 ext . marius' family house , paris - day 111 a wait cab . valjean come out of the modest lodging house and get in . the cab rattles away down the street . in the cab - valjean sit gaze far away at nothing . then he weary eye close . 112 int . marius' family house , paris - day 112 cosette gaze at marius , bewilder by what she have just learn . cosette where 's he go without a word that would not be he way to go marius all he ask for I to say he 's on a journey , far away . dear cosette , he love you so perhaps he will return some day . cosette come into marius 's arm , tear in she eye . cosette he can not leave we now what 's we wedding day without he give I away ? " les miserable " blue revision 20.5.2012 119 . 112a ext . marius' family house , paris - day 112a marius and cosette , newly marry , be walk towards marius ' house through a aisle create by wedding guest . carriage line the street . wedding guest Ring out the bell upon this day of day ! May all the angel of the Lord above in jubilation sing they song of praise ! and crown this bless time with peace and love ! 113 scene omitted 113 114 int . marius' family house , paris - day 114 waltz music play as marius and cosette lead the dance at the wedding reception . as the dance proceed , two extraordinary figure enter , and start help themselves to the drink and the food . they be thenardier and he wife , dress up for high society . majordomo the Baron and baroness du thenard they look round as the dance continue , highly satisfied with themselves and see marius . thenardier make a mock -formal bow . thenardier I forget where we meet ... be it not at the chateau lafarge where the Duke do that puke down the duchess 's decolletage ? marius no , ` Baron du thenard ' , the circle I move in be humbler by far ... go away , thenardier ! do you think I do not know who you be ? madame thenardier he 's not fool ! told you so ! show m' sieur what you have come here to show . tell the boy what you know ! " les miserable " blue revision 20.5.2012 119a . thenardier pity to disturb you at a feast like this but 500 francs surely would not come amiss . marius in God 's name say what you have to say . madame thenardier ( to thenardier ) he speak . ( to marius ) you pay ! thenardier what I see , clear as light , Jean valjean in the sewer that night , have this corpse on he back some boy he would kill in a viscious attack . I be there , never fear ! even find I this fine souvenir ! he show off he ring . marius stare in astonishment . marius I know this ! this be mine ! this be surely some heavenly sign ! thenardier steal the ring back . thenardier and there 's more ! Mark this well - it be the night that the barricade fall . marius then it 's true ! then I be right ! Jean valjean be my saviour that night ! thenardier look past marius to where cosette stand among they friend . he lower he voice . thenardier Jean valjean - the old con . you pay up and I will say where he 's go . he take out money and reluctantly press it into thenardier 's hand . Madame thenardier take the money before thenardier have safely pockete it . " les miserable " blue revision 20.5.2012 120. marius not so loud ! here 's for you . God forgive we the thing that we do . madame thenardier how 's about some extra on a day so glad we little orphan girl she have not do so bad . raise in a convent Cash to spare - we want we share . marius hand over yet more money to Madame thenardier . thenardier quite the little nun , be not she ! crack ! thenardier sink to the ground , fell by a powerful blow from a angere marius . the band stop play . marius where be he ? thenardier ( cowardly voice ) the convent . marius rush to cosette and we see he tell she where valjean be . they hurry away . thenardier clamber to he foot , help by he wife . he gesture to the band to continue . they stand by the tiere wedding cake . as thenardier recover he composure , Madame thenardier steal one then two pillar from the cake so it collapse on the floor . she then push it under the table with she foot . " les miserable " blue revision 20.5.2012 121. thenardier ai not it a laugh ? ai not it a treat ? hob-nobbin ' here among the elite ? here come a prince there go a Jew this one 's a queer but what can you do ? ( pull Madame thenardier onto the dance floor ) Paris at my foot ! Paris in the dust ! and here 's I break bread with the upper crust - as he pivot Madame thenardier , steal silver drop out from Madame thenardier 's dress . the music stop dead in the clatter . the thenardier look up , as if imply that the silver drop from the ceiling . the dance continue . monsieur gillenormand motion to the majordomo to remove this unwanted guest . thenardier beggar at the feast ! master of the dance ! life be easy picking if you grab you chance ! madame thenardier everywhere you go law-abide folk do what be decent thenardier but they be mostly break ! madame thenardier sing to the Lord on Sunday thenardier pray for the gift he will send - thenardier / madame thenardier but we be the one who take it - we be the one who make it in the end ! the thenardier be carry off , sing as they go . thenardier watch the bugger dance madame thenardier watch them till they drop ! " les miserable " blue revision 20.5.2012 121a . thenardier / madame thenardier keep you wit about you and you stand on top ! thenardier Masters of the land madame thenardier always get we share thenardier / madame thenardier clear away the barricade and we be still there ! we know where the wind be blow money be the stuff we smell - and when we be rich as croesus , Jesus ! wo not we see you all in hell ! as they be throw out , the thenardier steal a tiara and a candlestick . " les miserable " blue revision 20.5.2012 122. 115 ext . convent , paris - night 115 in on a window - where two candle burn . 116 int . convent chapel , paris - night 116 valjean pray in the chapel , on he knee . he 's very weak . next to the crucifix on the altar be valjean 's two silver candlestick , in which two candle burn . valjean alone I wait in the shadow I count the hour till I can sleep . I dream a dream cosette stand by it make she weep to know I die ... alone at the end of the day upon this wedding night I pray take this child , my Lord , to thy embrace and show they grace ... God on high hear my prayer take I now to thy care where you be let I be take I now take I there bring I home bring I home ! valjean be join by the ghost of fantine . she take he hand as he pray . fantine m'sieur I bless you name ... valjean I be ready , fantine ... fantine m'sieur lay down you burden ... 123. valjean at the end of my day ... fantine you raise my child in love , valjean she 's the best of my life ... fantine and you will be with God . 116a ext . convent cloister - night 116a cosette and marius rush round the cloister and enter the chapel in the middle of the cloister . 116b int . convent chapel - night 116b the sound of the door open . valjean look round . it 's cosette enter , follow by marius . valjean cosette ? tear form in he eye . cosette go to he , kneel before he , take he in she arm . cosette papa , papa , I do not understand - be you all right ? why do you go away ? valjean cosette , my child ! be I forgiven now ? thank God , thank God , I have live to see this day ! marius come to he . marius it 's you who must forgive a thoughtless fool ! it 's you who must forgive a thankless man ! it 's thanks to you that I be live , and again I lay down my life at you foot . cosette , you father be a saint ! when they wounded I he take I from the barricade , carry like a babe , and bring I home to you ! 124 . valjean now you be here again beside I now I can die in peace for now my life be bless ... cosette you will live , papa you be go to live it 's too soon too soon to say goodbye . valjean yes , cosette , forbid I now to die ! I will obey I will try ... he hold out a letter for she . valjean on this page I write my last confession . read it well when I at last be sleep . it 's the story of one who turn from hat a man who only learn to love when you be in he keep . cosette take the letter and kiss it . cosette I know it , papa . valjean turn back , face shine , towards the table where the candle burn in the silver candlestick . there he see three ghost wait for he . the ghost of the Bishop . the ghost of fantine . and beyond she , watch marius with love , the ghost of eponine . fantine come towards he , reach out she hand . valjean I be ready now , fantine . fantine come with I where chain will never bind you all you grief at last , at last behind you Lord in heaven look down on he in mercy - valjean forgive I all my trespasp and take I to you glory ! 125 . cosette embrace valjean , weep . valjean reach up he hand , and let the ghost of fantine take they . fantine / eponine take my hand I will lead you to salvation take my love for love be everlast ... valjean / fantine / eponine / bishop and remember the truth that once be speak : to love another person be to see the face of God ... led by fantine , valjean walk out of the Chapel towards the cloister . what remain be cosette , she head cradle in the lap of the man who have just die . the wall of the cloister be cover in votive candle . the Bishop of digne wait in front of the candle . now valjean 's strong and young again . before they reach the wall of candle , all three be go . as they disappear we crane up , high over the cloister , high over the wall of the convent and we see the Paris street outside . fire be burn and debris be scattered in the street . Dawn be break . from far away , the sound of a approach crowd - 117 ext . place do LA bastille - day 117 the camera move over the cobble as the light of the rise sun reveal the devastation leave by a bitter street battle . past the remain of a barricade . the distant sound of a approach march . superimpose caption : sixteen year later Paris , 1848 . from far off , the swell sound of the approach march become the word of a song . marcher do you hear the people sing lose in the valley of the night ? it be the music of a people who be climb to the light for the wretch of the earth ( more ) 126 . marcher ( cont would ) there be a flame that never die even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise . as the camera rise we see we be in the place de la bastille . the triumphal column have long be complete , but the great elephant be sadly dilapidate and have become incorporate into a immense barricade - three storey high , seven hundred foot long . down all the street that converge on the square we now see the multiple victory march approach . they cheer and beat drum as they climb up to the top of the barricade . superimpose caption : the people of Paris have rise in they ten of thousand . the King have fle . a new Republic be bear . there in the forefront of one column march marius and cosette . marcher they will live again in freedom in the garden of the Lord they will walk behind the plough - share they will put away the sword the chain will be break and all man will have they reward ! as the marcher come nearer we begin to realise how many there be : thousand upon thousand . and there march among they we see ghost from the past - enjolras and the student who die - and fantine - and eponine - and out of the crumble elephant peer another ghost : the grin face of gavroche . he climb out to dance on the elephant , as the crowd fill the square . marcher will you join in we crusade ? who will be strong and stand with I ? somewhere beyond the barricade be there a world you long to see ? as the marcher converge , there watch they be thenardier and he wife . thenardier give the marcher a wave of greeting . Survivors to the last . marcher do you hear the people sing ? say , do you hear the distant drum ? ( more ) 127 . marcher ( cont would ) it be the future that they bring when tomorrow come ! now among the marcher we see the ghost of valjean , sing with the rest atop the barricade , amongst the wave red flag . marcher will you join in we crusade ? who will be strong and stand with I ? somewhere beyond the barricade be there a world you long to see ? do you hear the people sing ? say , do you hear the distant drum ? it be the future that they bring when tomorrow come ... tomorrow come ! end credit