" let I in " screenplay by Matt reeves base on the novel by John ajvide Lindqvist first draft February 2 , 2009 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library '' let I in '' black screen we hear the dreadful moaning and howling of arctic wind . fade in very slowly , to discover we be high above : a snowy , rural landscape - night a empty two -lane highway snake through massive pine ; mountain loom in the distance . a blizzard rage all around . hold . hazy glow of flashing red and blue light suddenly appear , way down the highway . it 's a SMALL motorcade . we make out two police cruiser , a ambulance . the wind be so fierce , we can not even hear the siren yet . through the swirl veil of snow , the image look surreal ; it could almost be a painting ... or a dream ... smash CUT to : the motorcade siren blaring as they race through the blizzard . through the ambulance windshield we see the heavy snow hurtling toward we , obscure the road ahead . the strobe from the roof periodically flash , and the snowflakes suddenly appear to freeze in mid-air for a blind instant . it be completely disorient . we hold on this , as we hear two paramedics in the front seat ( 0.s. ) : paramedic one ( 0.s. ) Jesus , I can not see -- I can not see a fuck thing -- paramedic two ( 0.s. ) ( into radio ) one three one to dispatch , come in ! in the back - quick , tight shot : three more paramedics , wear long rubber glove work feverishly on a completely naked patient , whose face be obscure from we view . the unseen patient thrashes violently as they work , in complete agony -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library unseen patient 's Pov - handheld : twist and turn , look straight up at the paramedics as they struggle fiercely to hold he down -- paramedic three hold he down ! get he arm ! get he arm ! the unseen patient gasp and gag -- paramedic three I need a irrigation lens and a 1000 cc 's of saline -- ! paramedic four get it ! as he reach for the patient 's eye -- right at camera -- the gasping accelerate -- and -- the patient 's wrist swing up into frame , in panic -- it snap short suddenly with a clang ! it be handcuffed to the gurney . up front the radio crackle to life as we watch the strobing blizzard : radio ( v.o. ) go ahead one three one ! paramedic two ( 0.s. ) this be one three one ! we have a male , mid-fifty with burn over nine to nine and a half percent of he body ! Prior to we arrival on scene , patient apparently douse he head , neck and face with some sort of highly concentrate acid ! patient 's airway be severely compromise due to fume inhalation ! vital sign unstable ! please advise ! patient be a criminal suspect ! we be come in with a police escort right now ! in back the paramedics wrestle with the unseen patient -- paramedic four ok -- it 's in ! the lens be in ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library paramedic three irrigate ! unseen patient 's Pov -- handheld : more excruciating gasping and choking sound as we view flood with saline -- the image literally ripples -- and we -- CUT to : a moving shot , down a hospital corridor - night we be following on the back of a plainclothes policeman as he make he way towards a hospital room doorway . as he arrive , a priest be on he way out . the policeman stop , allow the Priest to pass . the Priest nod to he gravely . we follow the plainclothes policeman into : the dark hospital room where a heavyset nurse attend to a bed on the other side of the room , she body block we view of the patient 's face . she turn , hearing the policeman ; approach . hushed tone : policeman can I talk to he ? nurse he can not actually talk ... the policeman look off screen , past she , see the unseen patient for the first time ; whatever he see , it knock the wind out of he . he nod , utter under he breath , shake : policeman I see. Jesus ... ( then ) alright , well ... can I ... just have a few minute ? the nurse nod and leave the room . the policeman move toward the unseen patient 's bed slowly , apprehensive -- from the unseen patient 's Pov : we finally get a close look at the policeman 's face as he step up . he 's mid -40s , with soulful but determine eye . a small town sense about he . from he haunt expression , you get the feel he 's never see anything quite like this . machine noise surround we : a respirator hiss ominously ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library the policeman unzip he jacket , take a police notebook out , open it , place it in front of the unseen patient ; he take out a pen , carefully place the patient 's finger around it . then he look up , right into camera , struggle a bit : policeman we , uh ... we wanna know who you be . beat . his eye drift down to the patient 's hand , grip the pen . there be a fresh acid scar across the top of it . the hand remain perfectly still , no intention of write ... policeman ( cont ’d ) we will find out , you know . sooner or later . you could save we some legwork by communicate with we now . ( beat ) I just get off the phone with the Federal Bureau of investigation . guess there 's a idea you be involved in a whole lot more than just what 's be go on around here . like maybe this all go way back . other state . other city . ( stare at he ) be that true ? ( then ) be you a satanist ? you in some kind of cult ? coz if there be other involved , we will find they too , believe I . the pace of the heart monitor speed up a bit . the policeman turn , notice ; he turn back , try to gauge the reaction : policeman ( cont ’d ) what 's the matter ? be that it ? be there someone you wanna tell I about ? people you be involved with ? ( beat ; then ) look , I be gonna be honest with you . you prognosis here ... it 's not too good . what you do , it 's a real ... shock to you system . there may not be a lotta time leave . so maybe ... maybe you get some thing here you wanna tell I . thing that be weigh heavy . on you heart . maybe you could write ‘em down for I . clear you conscience . the nurse appear again in the doorway : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library nurse I be sorry . the nurse at reception downstairs be on the phone . she want to talk to you . say it 's urgent . the policeman turn to she , nod ; then turn back , stare into camera , cautious , search , wonder if maybe he be on the verge of something here ... policeman I will be right back ... okay ? he turn to go ; and we CUT for the first time to reveal : the patient under bandage be a viciously acid-ravage face -- almost unrecognizable as human anymore . haunted eye stare out from mangle flesh , gaze after the policeman with a sense of fear . after a beat , he look down in front of he at : the police notebook where he hand rest , hold the pen , motionless . we hold for a very long beat . finally , finger tremble , he lift the pen , begin to write ... nurse station - moment later the policeman be on the phone . behind he , ronald reagan silently give a speech on tv -- the sound be off . policeman his daughter ? when be this -- be she still here ...? suddenly , a beeping alarm sound from behind the station -- the heavyset nurse check the bank of patient monitor -- she quickly start for the suspect 's hospital room -- the policeman notice , grow concerned ; we slowly push in : policeman ( into phone ; distract , eye follow nurse ) well do she leave any information , a phone number ...? the response on the phone suddenly focus he again -- policeman ( cont 's D ) ( into phone ) what do you mean a little girl ? how little ...? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library just then , a blood - curdling scream erupt ( 0.s. ) from the hospital room ! the policeman drop the phone and rush -- back into the hospital room wind swirl . the nurse be stand next to the OPEN window , horrify , she head in she hand . the hospital bed be empty . the policeman move over to look -- out the window : the patient's dead body lie twisted sickly on the snow - cover ground , ten floors below ! policeman ( utter , breathless ) Jesus , Mary , and Joseph ... in the empty bed the police notebook lie open , it 's page flutter gently in the wind . on top , write in the dead patient 's torture scrawl be the word : '' Abby ... I be sorry ... '' hold ; then -- timecut to : a wide tableau shot of the front of the hospital - night we be inside the lobby , looking out through massive glass window . police car and forensic team have gather . crimson snow drift serenely over everything , illuminated by the spinning red emergency light on the vehicle . a SMALL crowd -- the policeman include -- watch as the patient 's body be zipped into a body bag ... in the foreground , over this , we see a out of focus image of ronald reagan continue he speech -- it 's a reflection from the lobby tv , on the window in front of the body . down here the sound be on -- it 's the '' evil Empire '' speech : ronald reagan on tv there be sin and evil in the world , and we be enjoin by scripture and the Lord Jesus to oppose it with all we might . we nation , too , have a legacy of evil with which it must deal . the glory of this land have be its capacity for transcend the moral evil of we past ... the policeman lift he hand -- there 's something in it : it 's the police notebook ; he stare at it ... haunt ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library super the title card : '' littleton , colorado . MARCH , 1983 . '' a nurse step up behind the policeman , start to say something , and just as he turn we : CUT to black . the SOUND washes away into silence . hold . after a long beat , we start to hear a child 's voice , quietly singing ; there 's something mournful about it ... eerie ... child singing eat some now , save some for later ... eat some now , save some for later ... another super title fade up : '' two month earlier ... '' a distant train horn cry as we slowly fade in to reveal : a twelve year old boy , he back to US , seated on a jungle gym we be pushing in on he as he sing to himself , completely hide in a hooded , metallic silver winter jacket ; breath steam around he head in the dim , blue twilight . snow blanket the ground underfoot . no one else be around . as we creep closer , the Boy reach into he pocket , pull out candy , unwrap they , and pop they into he mouth , one by one , in a constant stream . the rhythm of he song be periodically interrupt by the need to chew . boy ( sing absently , hushed ) now and later ... the really tasty treat ... now and later ... the flavor can not be beat ... suddenly , a woman 's voice echoes distantly : woman 's voice owwwwen ...? the Boy keep on sing : boy look at all that ... ( chew ; then : ) ..- piece ... flavor that be wow ... beat . woman 's voice owwwwen ...? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library we stop in close up on the back of the boy 's head -- and he finally turn to US , in the direction of the woman 's Voice : boy ( annoyed , mouth full ) this be owen . on the verge of thirteen , he face still have a delicate , pre- adolescent androgyny . he look innocent , almost fragile . woman 's voice dinner time , honey ...! as Owen get up to go , he pull a fistful of candy wrapper from he pocket , dump they on the ground , bury they in the snow with he foot . CUT wide to see we be in : a massive 1960 be era apartment complex - courtyard - twilight the jungle gym sit in a meager playground at the center of the desert courtyard . tall building surround we . as Owen trudge away through the snow toward he building we CUT to : long lens close on owen - at the dinner table - night Owen sit , head bow , hold he mother 's hand as she say grace in the f.g. , soft focus . hold on owen throughout : owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) bless we o Lord , and this thy gift , for which we be about to receive , from thy bounty , in the name of Jesus Christ , we Lord , amen . as they release hand , Owen 's mother 's arm reach over , pour chablis into a wine glass in the f.g . -- owen 's eye flit a bit anxiously to the glass as it fill ... owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) how be school today ? Owen scrunches he face , shrug a shoulder . she laugh : owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) that good , huh ? ( notice he 's not eat ) hey , what 's this -- you do not go and spoil you dinner on I now , do you ? Owen ? sweetie , you promise I ... he guiltily stab a forkful of he kraft mac and cheese : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library owen ..-mno ... what ? I do not ... the phone ring . she stand , and we fleetingly glimpse for the first time she wear a powder blue nightgown and robe -- owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) eat. please , honey . she muss he hair affectionately , exit frame , answer phone : owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) hello ? ( she quiet , darken ) what . no , what ? Owen turn , watch she off-screen with grow anxiety ... owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) look ... look , I be not -- I be not gonna discuss this now , okay ? we be eat dinner . Owen 's eye discreetly follow as she reach into frame , grab she wine , then pace 0.s. -- the phone cord stretch taut ... owen 's mother ( 0.s . ) well , we have a agreement , George . okay ? we agree ... ( then ) you know what ? I think maybe you better call my lawyer , okay ...? yes. right . because you know he have never let you get away with this shit . ( beat ) do not talk to I like that -- I will not . be speak to . in that way ! ( beat ) okay , I be go now , George , okay ? '' what ? he ’1ll call you back . we be eat , George . she sigh , re-enter frame , hold out the phone : owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) you father want to talk to you ... owen ( into phone , uncomfortable ) hello ? ... hi ... I be okay ... Owen steal a final look at the wine glass as he mother set it down again in the f.g. , re-fill it ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 . int . owen 's apartment - kitchen - night Owen gingerly set he plate in the sink , which be pile with dirty dish . he peek through the doorway into : the darkened live room where he mother , partially obscure by the door jam , sit with she wine glass , watch ranting televangelist , Dr. gene Scott on tv . we hear the sound of she crying . Owen turn away , hopeless . he be about to go when he sees : a large kitchen knife lying on the counter . his eye linger on it ... CUT to : int . owen 's room - night a model of the space shuttle hang from the ceiling . there 's a telescope by the window . poster of the planet . STAR war toy . '' Beth '' by kiss play softly from a cheap radio . owen 's bare feet stalk slowly though the chaotic , clothes - strewn mess on the floor ... we hear he breathing ... close on the large kitchen knife as it pierce the air , creep forward threateningly ... owen ( 0.s. ) ( very quiet , menace ) hey little girl ... reveal Owen as he step up to he dresser mirror . he 's stripped down to he underwear , hold the knife , and wear a plastic , semi - transparent halloween mask which completely obscure he expression . it 's a disturbing image . owen ( stare down he '' victim '' ) be you a little girl ...? just then a woman 's shriek echoe distantly . Owen turn as light spill onto he ceiling from outside he window . there 's a man' voice too . Owen set down the knife , move to : he window across the courtyard , frame in one of the other apartment window , a couple , have just come home , be arguing passionately . we can not make out what they be say . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11 . they be larry and virginia , early 30 . Owen watch they , motionless . he turn he telescope towards they , cautiously press he eye to the eyepiece ... the telescope focus on Virginia as she yell at Larry . she 's hot-tempere . have a somewhat trashy , small town sexiness . Larry try to calm she to no avail , reach for she wrist ; she pull away . at they foot , a tiny lap dog bark incessantly . Owen just stare from behind the mask . slowly breathing ... finally , he turn the telescope ... start to peep into other window ... he find : a forty-ish , shirtless man ( jack ) lie on a bench in he cramped live room , lift weight . his chest be overly developed . Owen pull he eye from the telescope , push up he mask . he look down at he own scrawny chest , ashamed . then he notice something : the courtyard be quiet again . he look up , swing the telescope back toward : larry and virginia 's apartment Virginia have calm . Larry , contrite , rub she arm apologetically ... he try to kiss she , but she turn away . he touch she face , try again ; grudgingly , she let he ... Owen watch with morbid fascination as the kiss build ... turn sexual , as Virginia give in ... Larry start to grope she , reach into she shirt , expose she breast , when -- virginia 's startled eye suddenly meet the telescope -- owen back away , terrify -- duck behind he curtain . he stand there freeze , heart racing . hold . finally , he peek back : Virginia be close the drape . humiliate , Owen start to turn away when he sees -- a silhouetted u-haul moving truck rumble into the driveway between building . a figure climb out , disappear behind the truck . after a moment , he be - emerge , struggle with several very large suitcase along the passenger side . he stop , look up into the cab , panting , he breath mist up into the freezing air . he wait . finally , another much smaller figure emerge , climb down . Owen look : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 . through the telescope it be a twelve year old girl . wrapped in a dark poncho , she have mysterious , somewhat coarse feature , like a gypsy . she do not even acknowledge the figure wait beside she . she just start into the courtyard . the figure -- a balding , weary man in he mid - fiftie -- finally follow with the heavy luggage , look almost like she servant . or maybe she father . Owen watch as they make they way toward he building . as they get close , he notice something through the telescope -- despite the snowy ground , the girl be completely barefoot . Owen crane to look straight down out he window , as , right below he , the pair disappear into the entrance to he building . CUT to : a narrow view through owen 's partially opened front door we look out at a stairwell at the end of the empty hall . approach footstep echo . just as the top of the girl 's head start to appear , climb up the stair -- owen quickly and quietly shut he front door . he wait , press against the front door as the muffled footstep grow louder . finally , he get the courage to peek -- through the peephole just as the girl and the man pass , distort and obscure by the lens 's fisheye effect . we hear owen breathing rapidly ... ext . hallway outside apartment - continuous the door slowly open a crack , and owen peer cautiously out to see the balding man , set down the luggage , start to open the door to the apartment right next door . Owen stare down again at the girl 's bare foot as she wait , she face turn away . finally , she step inside . the bald man pick up the luggage , step in after she . int . owen 's room - night Owen lie on he bed , eat now and later , listening to the sound of he new neighbor come through the wall . there 's a strange , eerie groaning ... a rhythmic scraping ... we move in on owen as he lean close to the wall , try to make out the intense sound with a building sense of dread ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13 . we be close on he wide OPEN eye when we hear a sudden loud bang from the wall -- and we flashcut to a haunting vision : a aqua blue field -- very shallow focus crimson -colored cloud billow and grow disturbingly -- it look like blood pouring into pure , clear blue water ... we hold -- then see three lightening fast cut of tight shot : -- flesh tear -- ! — vicious demonic eye stare -- ! -- blood sprays -- ! owen gasp , sit up with a start ! CUT wide to reveal we be : int . owen 's room —- morning Owen sit in bed , in exactly the spot we leave he last night , have just awaken from a nightmare . he start to get he bearing , look around he at the room in the morning light . finally , he stare at the wall . everything be quiet now . ext . apartment courtyard - morning Owen step out of he building wear he heavy jacket and a backpack . he start across the courtyard when he spot : a bare footprint in the snow . he turn back , look up ... in_ the apartment next to he , the window have be completely boarded up from the inside with newspaper and cardboard . as he stare , we start to hear : child 's voice I pledge allegiance ... to the flag ... of the United States of America ... int . owen 's middle school homeroom - morning we be moving past about 30 student , give the pledge : student ( cont ’d ) and to the Republic ... for which it stand ... find owen , hand over he heart , recite with the other -- student ( cont ’d ) one Nation ... under God ... splat ! a huge spitball slap onto Owen 's jacket . he turn to see one of the student smile cruelly . this be kenny . resigned , Owen start to scrape the mess off , and we CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14 . int . indoor middle school pool - morning pre-class chaos . kide in bathing suit scream , splash , push each other into the pool . still fully dress , Owen walk up behind he serbian p.e. teacher , mr. zoric , say meekly : owen Mr. Zoric ...? Mr. Zoric turn , see Owen be not in he bathing suit : mr . zoric Owen -- c’mon , serious ... again ? owen I have a cold . my mom write I a note . he hold out the note : clearly in Owen 's own handwrite , misspellings and all , it read : '' please exscuse owen from swiming . he have a cold . '' Mr. Zoric stare at Owen for a long beat ; take pity on he : mr . zoric okay . go sit in bleecher . Owen sit , look out at the pool , a bit miserably , seeing : kenny who , along with two cohort , circle and accost a girl with very developed breast ; the boy keep disappear under the water , grab at she . she back away , shriek / laugh uncomfortably , when Kenny appear behind she and undoe the strap on she bikini with a tug -- she grab it before it can fall , scream for Mr. Zoric at the top of she lung -- Mr. Zoric turn , see Kenny laugh hysterically -- mr . zoric okay , Kenny ! ten lap ! now ! kenny I do not do anything ...! mr . zoric now ! or I make it twenty ! Kenny pound the water with he fist , and , as Zoric turn away , the girl sock he incredibly hard in the arm . Owen can not help but smile -- but it 's unfortunate timing , because at just that moment , Kenny feel Owen 's stare , turn -- Owen stop smile abruptly , avert he eye , wishing he be invisible ; but sadly , he 's not . Kenny glare , and we CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 . int . pool locker room —- morning Owen spin the tumbler on he locker as fast as he can -- he pop it open , quickly grab he backpack when he hear -- voice ( 0.s. ) hey little girl ... Owen turn to see Kenny and he friend ( donald and MARK ) surround he , still drip in they suit . Kenny be twirling a wet towel into a whip -- he snap it suddenly into Owen 's face -- owen ( recoil in pain ) ow ! do not ...! kenny be you a little girl ...? he snap it viciously again -- Owen bend over , cover he face , try to protect himself -- as Kenny move in closer -- kenny that 's why he will not go swim -- he do not want everyone to see what a little fuck girl he be -- desperate , Owen try to make a break for it -- but they grab he , wrestle he violently to the ground -- he start to scream , but Kenny cover he mouth -- Owen gasp for air -- owen 's Pov - handheld : as he flail in panic -- Kenny giggle sadistically -- kenny hold he down ! get he arm ! get he arm ! as they do , Kenny reach under the waistband of Owen 's pants , seize he underwear , yank it upwards , slowly stretching it into a brutal wedgie -- Owen squirm frantically for a excruciate moment , until suddenly a puddle start to grow on the ground by he leg -- donald realize , repulse -- back off -- donald dude , shit ! I think he piss himself ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16 . kenny ( laugh out of control ) ~! shit ...! oh .. donald ( wiping himself with he towel , horrify ) he fuck piss himself ! the three of they scramble up -- Mark check to see if he be soile too -- he kick Owen 's side in disgust -- MARK Jesus ! Fucking freak ! Owen just lie there , as they head off -- Kenny 's uncontrollable laughter echoes . a few classmate stare down at Owen , askance , change at they locker . Owen get up slowly , pick he backpack off the ground ... CUT to : owen 's hand grabbing five pack of now and later candy from a huge candy display -- we be : int . littleton video arcade - late afternoon Owen wait in line at the pay counter . the after school crowd be here , and the din from the game be deafening . Owen look over at a tenth grade couple make out by the ms . pac - man machine , they tongue deep in each other 's mouth . Owen stare , when suddenly he barely hear the voice of the seventeen year old counterman call he over the cacophony . embarrass , Owen place he candy and a twenty dollar bill on the glass counter . as the counterman grab the money , Owen notice something in the counter display case below it -- a OPEN pen knife among some knickknack ; he eye fix on it . ext . apartment courtyard - twilight Owen sit on the jungle gym with he new pen knife . he unwrap a candy , stab it with the knife , put it in he mouth -- owen ( sing , mouth full ) eat some now , save some for later ... a metal door thud shut -- Owen quiet , turn to see : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17 . the balding man have just exite he building . Owen watch as the man set down a duffle , vainly attempt to light a cigarette in the wind with he bic lighter -- '' flit --flit --flit ... '' the man 's eye drift up , suddenly feel Owen 's gaze -- the two stare at each other for a eerie , suspend moment . Owen attempt a smile ; but the bald man just pick up the duffle , start out toward the street -- we watch from : a very high shot , looking straight down over the courtyard Owen remain motionless on the jungle gym , watch he go ... hold . then , just as Owen finally start to quietly resume sing -- owen eat some now , save some for -- we smash CUT to : ext . wal -mart parking lot - long lens shot - night hold on the quiet , mostly desert lot , bath in sodium vapor light ... after a beat , we see some blurry movement in the f.g. -- we hear the familiar '' flit - flit -flit '' of the bic lighter again ; smoke rise into frame , and we realize we be now watching from the balding man 's Pov , over he shoulder ... a beaten -up datsun b- 210 pull into the lot , park . a barely sixteen year old kid get out , head toward the store ... hear a long exhale ; a stream of smoke blow into f.g. view ... CUT to : the datsun 's driver door see from the shoulder down , the bald man 's glove hand slide a tow truck driver 's '' slim jim '' down the car 's window and into the door , digging ... until ... the door lock pop up . CUT to : int . datsun - moment later total stillness , quiet . we be in back , look toward the empty parking lot through the windshield . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18 . the sixteen year old approach . we hear the very faint sound of breathing ... from somewhere in the car ... hold as the kid get in , start the engine , drive out ... after a few moment , we notice something blurry move very subtly in the f.g. ; the kid do not ... CUT around to : the reverse angle past the kid as he drive . right behind he , just visible in shadow , be a figure ( the bald man ) in a primitive look cloth mask with the eye cut out . the figure wait , motionless , poise , for a very long , disturbing beat ... we hear a passing train get closer ... louder ... then , as the kid brake -- a train horn blare -- and the figure lunge forward , jam the gear shaft into park with one glove hand -- use the other to mash a wet cotton pad over the startle kid 's nose and mouth ! it 's messy , brutal -- close on the figure immobile , masked head as the kid flail madly ( 0o.s . ) ! the utter terror in the kid 's muffle scream be excruciate -- like the primal squeal of a animal experience the sudden , incomprehensible realization it be be slaughter . it go on way too long . finally , he quiet ; from behind the mask we hear heavy , rapid breathing -- as the breathe start to slow , we CUT to : high angle - outside the car - at a train crossing a amtrak train finish pass in front of the datsun , stop on a sleepy , two lane road ; no other car be around . the crossing gate lift , but the car do not move ... CUT to : the abandoned datsun - later on a seclude , mountain road ; the driver door be ajar . pan slowly to a snowy hillside wood beside the road . we hear rustling sound from within the tree up the steep incline ... in the wood partially obscure by tree , we see the sixteen year old kid suspended by he feet on a rope , slung over a tree branch . now in a clear , plastic rain slicker , still wear he mask , the bald man finish hoist the boy 's body , pull the rope with all he strength , grunt , panting hard -- close on the duffle : the man reach in , pull out a folding hunting knife ( look a lot like a much scarier version of Owen 's pen knife ) , a large , plastic jug , and a funnel ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . close profile on the up - side - down , silhouetted head of the boy : breath steam gently from he nostril ; he be still alive , but heavily sedate . the man enter frame , crouch on he knee , move in close to the Boy 's face . he open the knife , press it delicately against the Boy 's neck -- then , all at once , thrust the knife upward , puncturing a artery ! we watch in silhouette as blood drain in a thick , throbbing stream ... tip down to see it filling the plastic jug below . nearby footstep crunch in the snow -- startle , the man turn to see a deer , watch he . they stare at each other . timecut to : the wood - minute later the man be carefully re-pack he duffle . he have remove the cloth mask ; he face be red , sweaty , he eye have a far away look . he look numb . bitter . he reach down , pick up the plastic jug , now fill with blood . walk back toward the duffle , he gently pull the funnel out of the jug , just start to screw on a lid when -- he leg sink sharply through the snow into a hole hide below -- he lose balance , drop the jug -- it go tumbling down the hillside -- ! he scramble up , and run lamely down the hill after it ; he emerge onto -- the snowy mountain road near the Boy 's abandon car . the mostly empty jug sit on its side in the street , blood pooling around it . the man stare at it , devastate , out of breath , in pain , as -- distant headlight appear way down the road -- the man turn to see a snow plow head this way . panicked , he hobble over , grab the jug , and clamber back up the hill , disappearing into the wood over this we hear as hushed , menacing voice : voice ( owen ) what 's the matter ? be you scared ? CUT to : ext . apartment courtyard - night Owen stand , hold he OPEN pen knife threateningly , stare at something off - screen : owen be you scared , little girl ? huh ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 . as he lunge forward with the knife , we pan with he to reveal he '' victim '' -- a tree . he thrust he knife into the bark with all of he might . again . and again . finally , he stop . as he catch he breath , he suddenly feel a chill , as if someone be there -- he turn to see : the new neighbor girl , stand on the jungle gym , watch he , expressionless . up close , she face look tired , a bit ... malnourish . her hair look like it have not be wash in a very long time . her clothes look old , ill - fitting , like they could have come from the good will . girl what be you do ? owen ( suddenly embarrassed ) nothing . ( then ) what be you do ? girl nothing . beat . Owen try to make conversation : owen you guy just move in , do not you ? upstair . she look at he . girl how do you know ? owen I live next door . ( point ) right there . pause . finally , she nod . jump down from the jungle gym . girl just so you know , I can not be you friend . owen ... why ? what do you mean ? girl do there have to be a reason ? that 's just the way it be . and she go . he watch she , for a stunne beat . then : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21 . owen well who say I want to be you friend ...?! but she 's already go into the building . int . hallway outside owen 's apartment - night Owen stick he key in the front door lock when he hear footstep come up the stairwell ; they have a odd cadence . Owen turn as the bald man appear , limping up the step with he duffle . they eye meet briefly . then Owen open he door , disappear inside . the man continue towards we ; as he pass Owen 's door , he stop for a moment , stare at it ... then move on ; CUT to : the other side of the door Owen have he eye press to the peephole , breathe through he mouth , try to be very quiet . he slowly back away , listening to the man 's irregular footstep ... the door next door creak OPEN ... then thud shut . int . owen 's room - night Owen be take off he jacket , when he start to hear muffled , indecipherable yelling come through the wall from the neighbor 's apartment . he jump slightly as he hear a sudden , stifle crash , and a thud . the yelling continue . concerned , Owen move apprehensively toward the wall , presses he ear to it ... the yell become a bit more intelligible -- but it be not clear whose voice it be -- there 's something unsettle , almost ferociously inhuman about it -- maybe it 's just acoustic , or the way it distort through Owen 's wall : voice ( through wall ) ( near-hyperventilation ) ..- supposed to do ? am I supposed to go out and do it myself ?! huh ?! ( long pause ; then : ) say something !!! Owen listen , on pin and needle , as the argument go silent for a long moment ... we can just barely make out someone hyperventilating ... hold . then , finally , we CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22 . the other side of the wall we be close on the bald man , who sit at a table , look down , quietly despondent ; all of the gear from he duffle -- include the empty , blood-stain jug -- be scattered across the floor behind he like it have be hurl there . we be shoot past the arm of a out of focus figure ( could it be the girl ??? ) , stand in foreground -- the figure be hyperventilating , wait for a response . the bald man glance up at the figure , then look down again , bitterly ashamed . finally , almost inaudibly , he say : balding man ..- forgive I . exasperate , the figure storm off , wiping through frame ... we CUT back to : owen he ear still against the wall , anxiously wait for more . but nothing more come . as he edge away from the wall , we -- CUT to : a moving shot , down a crowded middle school hallway - morning we be with owen as he pass through throng of arriving student -- there 's a hushed excitement coursing through the crowd , something be go on ... up ahead , Owen see kid gather in cluster outside the administration office , whisper to each other , spying into the window -- as Owen reach they , he peer , with the other , into the office window : in the wait area be several uniformed police officer . they expression be grave . one talk to a woman who look like she could be the principal . behind the counter , secretary be cry . a man 's voice interrupt , from behind the kid : man' voice ' scuse I , fella -- can I get through here ? Owen turn -- it 's the SMALL town plainclothes cop from the open of the film . the group part to let he into the office -- as he pass , we hear : principal ( v.o. ) as some of you may have hear , there be a incident last night , and one of we recent graduate be kill ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 . Owen watch as we policeman step up to the principal -- the other cop turn , introduce they ; he shake she hand , CUT to : int . middle school auditorium - morning the entire student body listen to the principal as she speak at a podium . the plainclothes policeman stand behind she with the other uniformed cop and various faculty on stage . principal ( cont ’d ) I know many of you know scottie . he be a bright , funny student , and a real group leader who many of you know from he continue involvement with we Young life Christian association ... on owen , in the crowd , he backpack cradle in he lap : principal ( cont ’d ) the police assure I that everything possible be be do to find that responsible for this tragedy , but in the mean time , we should all be on the lookout for any suspicious activity ... Owen hear a strangled laugh -- he peek behind he to see kenny , MARK and donald , a couple row back ; they be quietly joke around , unmove by the proceedings . Donald suddenly glance in Owen 's direction -- Owen quickly turn away , slink down in he seat , hide from they view -- principal ( cont ’d ) you safety be we number one concern . CUT to : a front page newspaper article about the murder the headline : '' local teen brutally slain in wood '' . there 's a yearbook photo of scottie tate ; a sub - headline : '' victim drain of blood , Police suspect ritual kill '' . scissor lay by the article ; it 's be cut out . we be : int . owen 's room - late afternoon Owen sit on the floor , by the newspaper , open a notebook , pack with clipping , scrap of paper ... we hear owen 's mom '’s muffled voice from the other room ; she 's very upset : owen 's mother ( 0.s . ) I want you to come straight home after school , okay ...?! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24 . Owen ignore she , turn the page of he notebook . inside be other article he 's collect -- grisly news stories ... murder ... assassination ... serial killing ... owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) and I do not want you go outside the complex when you get home either -- not until they catch this guy ! stay in the courtyard ...! do you hear I ...?! in the book , Owen 's eye linger on he own crude sketch of a plan to blow up the school -- and a few child - like drawing of bloody , severe head , with name scrawle underneath : '' kenny '' , '' MARK '' , '' donald '' ; he smile . owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) finally , Owen find a empty page -- he slip the new article into it , close the book , satisfied . he get up , go to he desk , be about to put the notebook in a open drawer when he glance out the window at : the courtyard he stare at the empty jungle gym for a beat , when suddenly -- Owen 's mother 's voice grow louder , like she 's approach -- owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) I want you to promise I , honey -- we hear the sound of she try to open Owen 's lock door -- owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) hey ... what 's -- ( knock on door , hard ) Owen ?! Owen quickly bury the notebook deep in the drawer , grab the cut up newspaper on the floor , hide it under he bed -- int . hall outside owen 's bedroom - continuous the door open -- we be shoot long lens past owen 's mother , soft focus in the f.g . she 's in she blue robe , a half - full wine glass dangle from she hand -- owen sees it . owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) what be you do ...? owen nothing . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 . owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) well , do you hear I -- ? owen yes ! owen 's mother ( 0.s . ) okay ... ( quiet , soften ) I just ... I do not want anything to happen ... to my baby ... she start to cry . Owen immediately feel bad . he move to she slowly , hug she ... we continue to stay only on he , as he speak softly , try to comfort she as she begin to sob : owen it 's okay , Mom ... do not worry ... ( then , even quieter : ) I all just stay in the courtyard ... I always stay in the courtyard ... owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) ( squeezing he , emotional ) okay , sweetie ... thank you ... ext . apartment courtyard - twilight Owen exit he building . across the way he sees jack ( the weight - lifter we see through the telescope earlier ) ; he wear a insulated runner's outfit , stretch he leg against the wall . he look over at Owen , nod hello , jog off . Owen start for the jungle gym ; he look up at the boarded up window of the apartment next to he ... no sign of life ... jungle gym - later Owen sit by himself , play with a rubik 's cube , struggle with it . after a long beat , a figure come up quietly behind he , sit on the jungle gym . it 's the girl . Owen can tell she 's there , but do not turn . finally , she speak : girl oh , it 's you again , huh ? Owen do not respond , pretend to be occupy by the cube . girl you know , I really wanna be leave alone ... owen I too . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26 . girl so leave . Owen do not turn , but decide to take a stand , fire back : owen you leave . ( then , a bit weaker ) I have live here way longer than you ... beat . she just accept that . sit there . she look at the rubik 's cube , tremendously curious , despite herself : girl what be that ? owen -.. this ? she nod , defensive . he look at she like it 's so obvious : owen it 's a rubik 's cube . ( then , be she nut ? ) you do not know rubik 's cube ? girl be it a puzzle ? owen yeah ... wanna try ? ( beat , hold it out ) try it . you can give it back tomorrow . girl that 's okay . I might not be here tomorrow . owen Day after tomorrow then . but I be gonna need it back . girl «+- how do you do it ? owen you gotta make each side all one color . ( he do a side ) see ? finally , she take it . get to work . beat . Owen notice : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . owen .+- you smell kinda funny . and she look quite ill . so pale . frail . she glance up , self - conscious ; return to the puzzle . Owen see she clothes be thin , wear out , like a street urchine : owen be not you cold ? girl ( eye on the puzzle ) no. owen why not ? girl I dunno . I do not really get cold . beat . he watch she , so absorb in the cube . after a while , he get up . wait for she to look up ; she do not . so he start to walk away ... watch she ... tentative ... owen ... see you tomorrow then ... and as Owen head off , we stay with the girl , totally focus on the puzzle . the door to the building creak open and slam shut ; and she look up , turn to see Owen be go . just then , we hear a inhuman growl and gurgle . the girl double over , in excruciate pain ... we hold on she , as she struggle , breathing slowly ... finally , she look up , glance around the courtyard , warily . she get to she foot , weary , stumble toward the street ... ext . bridge underpass near entrance to the complex - night a figure jog towards we , slow as he approach the underpass . it 's jack , out of breath , on he way back to the complex . as he enter the dark underpass , he hear a quiet , fragile voice -- it 's eerie : fragile voice help I ... it startles he , he look around ; but it 's dark under here : jack ..- hello ? fragile voice please ... help I ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28 . finally , just barely , he sees something against the wall ina dark heap -- it 's the little girl ... she look terrible ... jack hey there ... be you okay ? what happen ? girl I fall down ... jack yeah ...? can not you get up ...? girl no ... jack how old be you , sweetheart ? do you live around here ...? girl I live right here ... can you carry I ...? jack okay , sweetheart ... sure ... why do not you -- here ... ( bend down to lift she ) grab onto I ... okay ...? we watch the two of they , they figure in silhouette : she reach out she trembling arm , try to grab on to he -- girl thank you ... jack ( lift she gingerly ) you get it ...? girl ( struggle to hold on ) ... yeah ... jack ( feel she slip ) you get it -- ? then -- all at once -- the girl 's body convulse violently around jack with incredible speed and strength ! she bite viciously into he neck , easily overpowering he , even though he’s three time her size -- he scream , staggering terribly in utter SHOCK and horror --— script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . jack jesus christ !!! jesus christ !!! and he collapse , the girl on he like a vice ! hold as she take a long , thirsty drink from jack '’s motionless body ... finally , she lift she head . blood stream down her face . she look haunt , disturb . then , in one swift move , she reach down , and twist he head sharply , snapping he neck . she get up , look around to see if anyone have see . no one be around . and she run off , she body again move just like a little girl 's -- seem frighten , vulnerable , fragile ... CUT to : jack 's apartment - night we be looking through owen 's telescope , panning through the empty live room , light still on ... the telescope swing over and refocuse on another window where larry and virginia sit in the dark in they pajamas , watch dynasty on tv . Larry have a hand on Virginia 's bare thigh ... the telescope hold in anticipation of any exciting development -- when -- we start to hear muffled arguing -- reveal : owen he take he eye away from the telescope , and turn toward he bedroom wall . the new neighbor be fight again . he move closer , climb onto he bed to listen , concerned . this time it definitely sound like the father be the one yelling ... the word be indecipherable . as Owen press he ear to the wall , he can barely make out a few fragment : balding man ( through wall ) ... expect I to clean it up now , don ’t you ...! ( more indecipherable word ; then : ) .. bitch ! there 's a sudden loud bang ! Owen jerk away from the wall , startle . he listen , catch he breath ... but the neighbor have gone silent again . a think occur ... Owen get up slowly , move to the window , peer down at : the courtyard after a moment , there be another bang ( a door slam ) at the build entrance below , and the balding man storm out into the courtyard . he limp with he duffle toward the STREET ... hold , as owen watch ; then , as it start to snow , CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . a frozen lake - night large , expansive , still ... we hear water trickling ; pan to : the shoreline . where fresh water from a SMALL aqueduct pipe flow into a open in the ice ... the bald man drag jack 's body through the snow toward the open ... it 's tough work with he bad leg , and Jack be a big man . finally , the bald man heave the body into the water . it float . wind , angry , the bald man find a long stick , and press it into Jack 's chest . he limp precariously along the edge of the shore , guiding the floating body with the stick toward the solid ice ... as it reach the perimeter , the bald man thrust the stick against the body , attempt to submerge it under the ice -- but it slip , and the man stumble , almost tumble in . he recover ... carefully reposition the stick -- dead body 's Pov - floating on water look up at the man as he get the stick in place . he be seethe . use all he might , he face contort in a brutal grimace , he let out a vicious , enraged grunt , and we plunge under the water -- the SOUND goe silent -- we CUT to : the haunting vision bloody cloud billow in clear blue water -- as we hold on the horrifically beautiful image , we hear quiet breathing ... something out of focus drift down into view -- just as we glimpse it be a severe head -- we hear a gasp , and CUT to : int . owen 's room - morning Owen awake with a start . another nightmare . hold . ext . apartment courtyard - morning Owen emerge from he building in he jacket and backpack , he start across the courtyard when he notice something ... close on the rubik 's cube . it rest on the jungle gym , cover in fresh snow . Owen pick it up , brushes it off to see , it be completely solved . Owen be stunne . he look up at the boarded up window . turn back to the cube , overjoyed . ext . owen 's middle school - morning we track with owen as he walk along the chain link fence toward the entrance -- he stare at the cube in disbelief , oblivious to all else . as he exit frame , we come to rest on a makeshift shrine on the fence : picture , letter , candle . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 . it 's a memorial to scottie tate . we pull focus to owen as he reappear behind the fence , walk up to the school , still gaze at the cube . the bell ring , Owen start to run ... ext . apartment courtyard - twilight Owen , still hold the cube , arrive to find the girl already wait on the jungle gym . she look clean , healthy , she 's dress better . she smile at he . owen how do you do it ?! girl I just ... twisted it . ( smile ) do I smell better now ? he smile , embarrassed ... she do . he shrug , awkward . owen ... what 's you name ? girl Abby . what 's yours ...? owen I be Owen . ( then ) how old be you ? girl ( ABBY ) twelve . more or less . what about you ? he look at she queerly : owen twelve year , eight month , and nine day -- what do you mean , '' more or less '' ...? when 's you birthday ? ABBY I do not know . owen you do not know ? do not you celebrate you birthday ? ( she do not respond ; then ) what about you parent ? they must know ... still no response . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32 . owen do not you get birthday present ? ABBY ( simply ) no . he look at she , take awfulness of that in . beat . then : owen well ... you can ... have this . if you want . ABBY ( smile , touch ) that 's okay . it 's yours . he look at the solve cube , in disbelief . still excited . owen I really do not get how you do this ... beat . she look at he . ABBY ... want I to show you ? he smile . mix up the color square . say quietly : owen yeah ... ABBY you have to start with the corner ... he watch she as she start to twist ... stare at she hair , she face ... she 's actually quite beautiful . we CUT wider on : the two of they on the jungle gym ; music fade up , we hear : a girl 's voice ( juliet ) wilt thou be go ? it be not yet near day ... int . owen 's english CLASS - day zefferilli 's '' romeo and juliet '' play on a 16 mm projector in the darken class -- juliet lie naked in the sheet stare at romeo in the early morning light as he dress , prepare to leave . there be quiet giggling among the class at the romantic / sexual content on the screen . the teacher glance up from a book at she desk , then back down , oblivious . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33 . pay no attention to the movie , Owen sit , copying something out of a book : it 's the morse code alphabet . he write out the dot and dash for each corresponding letter with a certain intensity , a urgency ... across the room , Kenny sit with a long , break - off retractable car antenna in he hand -- smile slyly , he stretch the antenna out to its full length , reach over , tap the shoulder of a chubby girl with glass in the next aisle , then quickly pull it away , retract it again . the girl turn , annoyed , can not figure out who 's tapping she ... please , Kenny turn , look for he next victim , when he spot Owen , on the other side of the room , copying ... the sight of Owen so deeply immerse in something somehow irk Kenny ; he stare at he darkly , wonder what he 's up to ... hold on Owen as he write ... he start to bounce he leg , anxious , excited ... he pinch he crotch reflexively ... have to pee ... but keep right on work ... on a mission ... on the screen , Romeo kiss juliet farewell -- romeo I must be go and live , or stay and die ... int . bathroom stall - day close on owen as he finish pee . he zip he fly , and reach out he leg , about to flush the toilet with he shoe when he hear a group of footstep in the bathroom -- the sound of metal scraping echoe ... Owen freeze ... there be a knock at the stall door ... Owen remain perfectly still ... then , a loud banging ... finally , Owen flush , unlock the door , open it , step slowly -- outside the stall Kenny , Donald and Mark wait for he . Mark sit on a metal trash can propped against the bathroom door , block it . kenny what be you write back there ...? owen ... what do you mean ? kenny in cook 's class . ( beat ) let 's see it ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34 . beat . Owen look at he , decide to take a quiet stand ... owen --- no . kenny ..- Mo ? Kenny approach , extend the old car antenna in he hand ... kenny where be it ...? slam -- he lash the antenna viciously against Owen 's leg ! kenny where be it ...? slam -- even harder ! but Owen , in pain , remain silent ... kenny show I ! frustrate , Kenny swing higher , slashes owen 's face ! Owen , stiff as a board , clenches he eye shut , he cheek bleeding . donald ... desus Christ , dude ...! kenny ..- what ...? donald you explain that to he mom ... kenny that 's okay ... he walk up close to Owen , grab he hard by the hair -- Owen keep he eye shut .. kenny she 's not go to tell she mom on we , be she ...? she fall down on the playground , that 's all ... right ? right ...? Owen slowly open he eye , squint , prepare for more -- kenny say it , little girl ... say it ... the school bell ring . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . donald c’mon , dude ... let 's go ... Kenny just stand there for a moment , stare Owen down . finally , they start to go . Owen watch , terrify ... hold on he frighten face , as we hear : owen ( v.o. ) ( whisper , miserable ) I fall down ... int . owen 's apartment - dinner table - night on owen as he sit there , head hang low , a band - aid on he face ; he mom , see from shoulder down , set food in front of he , as he finish tell she about he '' accident '' : owen .«.. on the playground . owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) ( take he face in she hand ) well you have to be more careful , honey ... okay ? I do not like to see my baby hurt ... she kiss the top of he head . Owen nod , ashamed . then : owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) eat , sweetie . please . as she head off - screen , Owen stab he mac and cheese , but do not eat ; he just sit hold the fork , anger building ... ext . apartment courtyard - jungle gym - night Abby watch as Owen dig fold piece of paper out of he backpack -- the morse code key he copy down . his mood be so much brighter now that he be at Abby 's side again -- owen here , look -- I make one for you , and one for I -- Abby see a copy of romeo and juliet in the backpack -- pick it up , recognize it with a tiny smile : ABBY be you read this ? owen it 's for school , it 's boring -- c’mon , look ...! it 's so cool ...! ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36 . owen ( cont 'd ) we can talk to each other ...! through the wall ...! she look at he , suddenly uncomfortable ... put down the book . stare at the paper for a moment ... say quietly : ABBY can you hear I through the wall ? Owen suddenly realize he just let something slip , wish he have not ... he shrug a shoulder , awkward , guilty : owen .-- only sometimes ... beat . she put down the paper , stare at she shoe ... ABBY what about the other night ...? do you hear anything the other night ...? owen ..- a little ... ( beat ; then , quiet , tentative ) what be you dad so mad about ...? no response . he look at she . she still do not look up . owen where 's you mom ...? be you parent divorced ? ABBY my mom be dead . Owen look at she . take in the hugeness of that . then : owen my mom and dad be get a divorce . she look up . smile sadly . see the band - aid on he cheek . ABBY what happen there ...? she point to he cheek . he look away . owen just some kid . at school . she look at he , concerned -- he try to brush right past : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37 . owen where do you go to school anyway ? I never see you -- ABBY Owen , listen . he stop . she look at he , deadly serious . owen ..- what ...? ABBY you have to hit back . ( then ) you have to hit back hard . beat . owen ... there be three of they ... ABBY then you hit back even harder . ( beat ) hit they harder than you dare . and then they will stop . owen ..- what if they hit I back ? ABBY you have a knife . owen yeah ... but what if they -- ABBY -- then I will help you . he look at she ... owen +..- you ? you be a girl ... she touch he hand gently , reassuringly . he look down at she hand , touch he ... finally , he tentatively rub he finger against hers . look back up at she . she smile : ABBY I be a lot stronger than you think ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38 . finally , he smile . somehow more encourage . he slip the paper back in she hand , grab he , get up ; look at she ... owen come on ... she look at he , confuse . he start to go ... owen come on ...! she rise , and he take off , run toward the building -- we CUT to -- a high angle look down at they , as Abby chase after Owen playfully ... reveal this be the balding man 's Pov from he apartment window ... he have peel back some of the cardboard and newspaper , stand there watching ... he look ... jealous ... int . owen 's room - night still fully dress , Owen lie , study he morse code cheat sheet on he bed , close to the wall , listen for Abby ... suddenly , he hear a muffled commotion from next door : ABBY ( through wall ) ..- move ... ( then ) ...- I have to get in there ...! Owen listen , concerned ... on the other side of the wall we watch through a doorway as the bald man sit on a naked mattress next to the wall , newspaper in hand , a SMALL transistor radio play classical music at he side . he stare up at Abby who wait impatiently , for he to move ... finally , look almost wounded , he pick up he little radio and get up , limping away toward the doorway -- he start to close the door as , behind he we see Abby climb onto the mattress with she cheat sheet -- she knock once ; a knock come back -- close on the bald man 's face as he finish shutting the door in the f.g . he stand there , listen , perturb ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . back in owen 's room Owen start to tap out he message on the wall to Abby : owen ( whisper to himself ) s...w...e...e ... close on he cheat sheet , as he continue -- on the paper , he have write out the code for the phrase : '' sweet dream '' ... int . owen 's middle school - indoor pool - day quiet . between class . Owen make he way to a little , window side office , where he find Mr. Zoric on he break , read the paper , sip coffee . owen Mr. Zoric ...? mr . zoric ( glance up , then back at newspaper ) yes , Owen ? owen I be wonder . about the after school strength training class ? can people still ... sign up ? Zoric look up . lower he newspaper . he stare at Owen , try to make out what be go on , sense it 's serious : mr . zoric .»» - you like to get strong ? Owen shrug , embarrassed ; Zoric nod , slow ... then : mr. zoric okay . four o'clock . you come . we make you strong . Owen nod . jzoric return to he paper . Owen start to go -- mr . zoric hey ... Owen turn back . jzoric glance up , then back at the paper : mr . zoric ... we teach you swim too . Owen smile sweetly : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40. owen ..- okay ... int . owen 's mom 's bedroom - twilight a unmade bed . empty wine glass on the night stand . Owen sneak cautiously in , peek at the partially open door to the adjoin bathroom ; hear the shower run ... he move to he mother' purse , sit open on she dresser . he reach in , carefully pull out her wallet ... open it ... take out a twenty dollar bill ... he start to put the wallet back , when he sees -- a postcard image of jesus christ and the sacred heart stick on the dresser mirror above he : Jesus stare down with he look of infinite compassion ; Owen stare back , wary ... int . hallway outside apartment —- twilight Owen quietly exit he apartment , walk next door to Abby 's . he knock on the door , when he hear irregular footstep -- he turn to see the balding man approach from the stairwell , carry a empty plastic trash can . as he see Owen , the bald man slow to a stop , stare stone - face , menacingly ... Owen smile at he , unsure , a little afraid ... after a long beat , the man sigh slowly ; then speak , very quietly , ominously : balding man you know ... I be like you once ... Owen stare at he , uncomfortable . then , even more quiet : balding man ( almost to himself ) I be just ... like you . beat . Owen be bewilder . grow anxious , he utter : owen ... be ... Abby home ...? but the man just keep stare , lose in think -- just as , Abby open the door . she start to smile , see Owen -- but she smile fade as she see the bald man too . wonder what exactly be go on out here ... relieved , Owen turn to she : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41. owen hey ... her smile immediately return . ABBY hey . and the two of they head off down the hall together , as the bald man watch ... Abby steal a look back at he ... glare at he ... int . littleton video arcade - night Owen and Abby stand at the same Ms. pac - man machine where Owen see the tenth grade couple french kissing earlier ... Abby watch , fascinate as Owen play with great intensity . as he die , Owen scrunches he face , laugh ; he gesture it 's Abby 's turn . she take the joystick , unsure , but smile ... the candy counter - moment later Owen put down the twenty dollar bill to pay for a bunch of package of now and later ; he gesture to the candy , so excited ; he have to shout over the blasting video game sound : owen want some ?! they be really good ! they be my favorite ! Abby look at the candy , oddly uncomfortable -- ABBY ( shake she head , wave she hand ) no , I do not want it ...! Owen be a bit hurt she do not want to at least to try some ; but he make the best of it , point to the display : owen well ...! what do you like ...! you can have anything you want ...! Abby try to be polite ; it come off colder than she mean : ABBY I do not ... really eat this stuff ! owen ( nod , smile , a letdown ) oh ...! okay ...! Owen turn to the seventeen Year Old counterman : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42. owen I guess that 's it ...! the counterman take the cash , give Owen the change . Abby watch as Owen collect he candy , try to hide he disappointment . she feel bad . ABBY well ... maybe I could try just one . Owen look up , suddenly excited . he open a package , give she a piece . she put it in she mouth . he watch for she reaction . she smile for he , nod . he grin , so pleased -- CUT to : ext . STREET - moment later Abby stand vomiting violently , bent over against the side of a building . stand back a bit , Owen watch , feel just terrible . finally , she look up , embarrassed , sad ... ABBY -.- sorry . Owen look at she there , seem so thin , so frail , so break -- he heart aches ... he so want to comfort she ... he move to she , awkwardly , and , out of nowhere , just put he arm around she ... hold she tight ... Abby stand there stiffly , arm at she side , a bit stunne . finally , she relax she body , give in to he . she rest she head against he ... but she eye look troubled . then : ABBY ( whisper ) Owen ... do you like I ? owen ( still hold she ) yeah ... ( then ) a lot . beat . ABBY would you still like I ... even if I be not a girl ...? owen ( beat ) ...- what do you mean ...? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43. but she do not respond . finally , he say : owen I dunno ... I guess so ... as she listen , Abby 's eye drift to owen 's bare neck -- so_ tantalizingly close to she mouth ... her pupil widen subtly , involuntarily -- she catch herself , have to resist she impulse ... she stiffen , pull away , afraid . Owen look at she , confuse . owen ... why ? she smile sadly , recover ; look down at she shoe , shake she head : ABBY no reason ... ext . entrance to apartment courtyard - night Owen and Abby walk side by side , back into the courtyard ... somewhere in the distance , the familiar train horn echoe ... owen so where be you from ? how come you guy move here ...? ABBY we ... move around a lot . owen yeah , but why would you move here ? I hate it here . someday I be gonna get out ... ( smile at she ) and I nil never come back ... ( beat , look away ) people here be just ... stupid . Abby look at Owen . she stop , reach for he hand -- he see it , start to reach back , when -- owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) owwwwen ...! startle , Owen pull away ; he 's suddenly angry , embarrassed : owen ( mutter ) oh God ... hang on ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 , he head into courtyard -- we CUT to : the Pov from owen 's apartment window , look down past Owen 's mother 's out of focus head -- Owen look up at US : owen what ...! owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) where be you ?! I call you ! owen I be right here ! owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) you promise I you would not leave the courtyard -- ! owen -- I be here the whole time ...!!! owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) well , come up ! it 's time for dinner ...! owen okay ...!!! we CUT back down to Owen , on the ground ; he turn . Abby 's go . int . hallway outside apartment —- moment later Owen trudge up the step -- find Abby wait , sit by she doorway ... she stand as Owen approach ; she smile : ABBY night ... Owen smile back . nod ... then , he go inside he apartment ... she watch as he shut the door ... then , she start to open she own door ... int . ABBY 's apartment - kitchen - night Abby enter to find the bald man grimly pack up he duffle -- she watch , unseen by he , as he neatly place the freshly wash plastic jug in the bag . finally , she speak : ABBY you go out ...? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . he look at she . then get back to work . not look at she as he finally speak , quietly , bitterly ... the air be tense : balding man be there a choice ...? ( then ) I think maybe I be get sloppy . maybe I want to get catch ... maybe I be just ... tired of this ... he stare at she . then : balding man what would you do if they find I ? you do not think they have come look for you ...? people have see my face . they know we live here . ABBY ( tentative , a bit afraid ) .»+- you look tired . maybe you should not go tonight ... balding man what else be I good for ? ( then , relent bitterly , unable to look at she any longer ) do not worry ... I will not let they find you . I have already think of what to do . if I have to . I just want you to know what I go through for you ... she move over to he slowly . he turn , see she there . he soften , lower himself to she . she touch he face . he close he eye . then open they , look down , vulnerable : balding man please do not see that boy again ... okay ...? he look up at she . but she can not hold he gaze . she look down . he harden again , know what that mean . he get up , and resume pack he equipment . sees he bic lighter , and cigarettes on the counter ... pick they up ... CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46. ext . ymca parking lot - long lens shot - night out of focus smoke rise in the f.g. around the blurry , silhouetted head of the bald man as he watch the ymca entrance in the distance . a few teenager and young men exit with gym bag , laugh , carouse , unaware of he .. as they get in they car , pull focus to back of the bald man 's head . he take a last , long drag on he cigarette , then , flick it away ; the burn ash sparkle briefly ... int . ymca - hallway - night light go out in the empty corridor ; it 's close time . at the far end of the hall , just outside the front door , we can see a couple of high schooler wait in the cold , chat . pan slowly away to a close locker room door on the side of the hall . from inside , quiet rustling echoes ... int . ymca - locker room - shower area - night in one of the darken shower stall , the unconscious body of a lanky teenager hang up - side - down on a rope from the shower head . wearing he cloth mask , the bald man dig item out of he duffle -- the plastic jug , the funnel , the knife ... he set the jug and funnel in place , right under the teenager 's head ... he get on he knee , by the teenager 's head , start to open the fold knife , prepare to cut ... back in the hallway the High schooler chat outside look like they be get impatient -- one of they yank open the front door -- yell : high school kid what the fuck , Dan ?!!! let 's go !!! in the locker room the bald man freeze , hearing the voice ... he wait ... listen ... when he start hearing approaching footstep -- high school kid ( 0.s. ) try not to panic , the bald man stand slowly , move to the locker room door , hear the footstep get closer . he press himself to the wall , grip the knife tensely , prepare to ambush anyone that come through that door , if it come to that ... he try to control he breathing ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47. the door shake as someone try to open it from the other side -- it 's locked -- there 's a sudden banging on the door -- high school kid ( 0.s. ) be you in there , dan ...?!!! close on the lanky teenager as he hang in the shower stall , unconscious , serene ... high school kid ( 0.s. ) ..-dan ?!!! the lanky teenager 's eye barely flutter open , groggily , maybe hearing he name . but he be totally out of it ... in the hall the High School kid stand outside the locker room door -- the other kid call from the front entrance -- other kid what 's go on , man ...! the High School kid start walk away from the locker room , back toward the entrance -- high school kid I do not know ! I do not know where he be ...! the balding man listen as the footstep start to get quieter ... CUT to -- the lanky teenager 's up - side -down Pov as he eye focus , see the bald man in he mask , press ominously to the wall by the door with the knife -- the horror of the image , start to bring he to -- lanky teenager ..- hey ... startle , the bald man turn to the lanky teenager -- the teenager 's eye widen , he scream suddenly -- lanky teenager helllllllp ...!!! hellll -— the bald man panic , do not know what to do -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48. in the hall the two High schooler hear the scream , scramble back toward the locker room -- lanky teenager ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) --llllp_me ...!!! they spot a janitor down another hallway , push a cart -- high school kid ( to the janitor ) hey ! janitor what be you kid do -- ?! high school kid -- do you have the key ...?! back in the locker room more banging at the door , as the lanky teenager continue scream ! the bald man use all he strength to slide a heavy metal bench in front of the door -- then he turn , rush toward the teenager , who start to shriek even louder ! the man quickly gather up he equipment -- the jug , the funnel -- and stuff it all into he duffle ! he turn , look around for another exit , but there be none ...! a key scrape into the locker room door -- and the lock turn with a loud click -- ! nowhere to go , the bald man head straight -- into the shower retreate into the farthest stall -- he press himself into the corner , slide down the tile to the floor , cower in complete terror ... he start digging madly into the duffle , finally pull out the glass jar of acid , just as -- the locker room door open , slamming short into the metal bench ! the Men behind the door push , and the bench start to slide -- scraping slowly against the floor -- ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 . the balding man rip the cloth mask off he face ! he reach down , unscrew the lid from the glass jar -- he lift it near he head , breathe hard , hesitating , when -- he hear the High schooler and janitor finally enter the locker room -- ! in total anguish , the bald man brace himself , with not a moment to lose -- he whisper a final , pained cry -- balding man ..- Abby ...! -- then douse himself with the acid , pour it over he head -- and as it start to sizzle and smoke -- he scream echo horrifically throughout the large , tile space ...! CUT to : int . owen 's room - overhead shot - night quiet . Dark . Owen lie in bed , stare up at the ceiling , deep in think . the faintest smile grow on he face , then fade away . finally , unconsciously , he reach out he hand , gently touch the wall , press he palm flat , tenderly against it -- int . ABBY 's room - overhead shot - at that same moment Abby lie on the mattress , she hand already on the wall , as if touch Owen 's on the other side . still fully dress , she lie there , perfectly still ... when a low , inhuman growl break the silence ... Abby roll onto she side , clutching she stomach , look frail ... hungry ... alone ... int . owen 's middle school - weight room - late afternoon Owen lie grunt on a weight bench , struggle hard with some very light chest press , as Mr. Zoric sit nearby , read the newspaper -- the headline read : '' ritual killer caught in the act -- suspect attempt suicide -- hospitalized , in critical condition '' . Zoric look up from the paper , see Owen awkwardly battle the weight -- put down the paper , help he lift the bar safely up ... Owen look at he , a bit embarrassed at how weak he be ; but Zoric nod encouragingly : mr . zoric do not worry . be good . very good for start . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50. Owen smile , and we CUT to : owen 's pant , stuffed in a urinal in the locker room bathroom . disgust , depressed , Owen stand there stare in he underwear , partially dress . he carefully fish the soak pants out with he hand , dangle they away at arm 's length ... ext . owen 's middle school - wide shot - late afternoon track with owen as he start for home in the wane light of the day , wear he jacket , he backpack , and he little gym short . his breath mist be the freezing air ... in he hand hang a clear plastic bag contain he wet pants ... CUT to : close on the balding man 's transistor radio as the local news play through heavy , surging static from its tinny speaker : newscaster .+- Police say a unidentified man have be arrest in connection with the recent ritual murder of a local high school honor student ... reveal ABBY who lie in a fetal position on the naked mattress in the dark room , stare at it . concerned , she pick the radio up , try to adjust the reception as the newscaster continue : newscaster ...- the suspect be hospitalize in critical condition with severe , self - inflicted acid burn over he face and torso , make it impossible so far for authority to determine he identity ... ext . apartment courtyard - night Owen sit alone on the jungle gym , with he rubik 's cube . he 's get two side do , and be work on a third ... lose interest , he stop , look up at the board up window of Abby 's apartment , stare for a long time ... wait ... finally , he sigh , disappointed , wonder where she be ... it start to snow ... CUT wide on the courtyard -- over this we hear : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51. announcer 's voice lady and gentleman , the President of the United States : Ronald Reagan ! as excited applause break out , we CUT to : int . hospital lobby - reception area - night the applause play over a television in the desert lobby . Reagan walk up to the podium , shake the announcer 's hand , as the crowd continue with its stand ovation : ronald reagan on tv thank you ... thank you very much ... oblivious , the admitting nurse sit read a magazine . after a moment , Abby enter , walk slowly to the counter ; she put on a bit of a act , look sad , lose ... there be snowflake in she hair ... ABBY Excuse I ... I be ... look for my father ...? admitting nurse be he a patient here ...? ABBY yeah ... they ... bring he in last night ... ( look down , ashamed ) .+.- the police do . admitting nurse ( suddenly realize who she mean , pain ) -.. oh ... I see ... Abby look up , vulnerable , look like she might cry : ABBY do you know where he be ...? the nurse look at she for a beat , feel terrible for she , try to be gentle : admitting nurse he 's ... he 's on the tenth floor , sweetie ... but it 's restrict ... beat ; she look at Abby with a sad smile , pick up the phone : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52. admitting nurse look -- why do not I call they , tell they you be here -- but Abby immediately start to back off -- ABBY -- oh , no -- that 's okay ... and she head for the door . surprise , the nurse watch she go , still hold the phone . then , just before Abby exit , she notice something with horror -- Abby be barefoot ... admitting nurse ( under she breath ) oh my God -- you poor thing ... she hang up the phone , and run after Abby -- admitting nurse hey -- ! sweetie -- ?! ext . front of hospital - wide shot - immediately the admit nurse come out to see that Abby be already go , nowhere to be find . she look around , confuse , concerned . finally , she turn , head back ... as she re-enter the building , we hold -- a shadow on the facade , three floor up , suddenly start moving -- start climbing -- it 's ABBY ...! int . tenth floor hospital room - night snow swirl outside the window . we hear the ominous , rhythmic hissing of a respirator just off -screen . after a moment , Abby appear , crouching on the ledge ... she stare at something 0.s. , pain ; then knock gently on the glass ... hold . we hear a rustling of sheet ... Abby wave sadly , as a blurry figure start to make he way slowly into frame ... it 's the bald man , he face ravage by acid ; he hobble weakly to the window , wheeling he iv and heart monitor with he . a AIR tube snake from he neck . he pull open the window ... ABBY ..- May I come in ...? he gesture to he twisted mouth , he neck : he can not talk . Abby nod . the man lean he head out the window , close to hers . she look at he , heartbroken ; she eye start to tear . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53. she look down , ashamed , whisper : ABBY --- I be sorry ... she look back up at he , tear stream down she cheek ... struggle , he reach out , touch she face ... gently wipe away she tear ... she take he hand in both of hers , press it to she cheek . close she eye . tremble . finally , start to recover , she look up at he , vulnerable . at a loss ... she smile sadly : ABBY I do not ... know what to do ... ( then ; kindly ) what would you like I to do ...? he look at she , hesitate . then he reach up to the tube in he neck , and yank it out -- a alarm on the monitor start to beep . the bald man lean down , vulnerably present he neck to she , gesture to it ... Abby 's expression turn grave , as she stare it he . she touch he head softly ... then , suddenly , she bend down , and bite into he neck -- blood spurt , she drink deeply ... the wind start to pick up as the bald man go limp -- the drape be suck out the window , whipping furiously around they as the man 's body slump -- Abby pull aside , blood drip from she mouth -- she watch as the man start to fall -- he drop ten floors to the snow cover ground below -- ! a blood -curdling scream erupt from -- inside the room the heavyset nurse ( from the open of the film ) have just enter -- she rush toward the open window where the drape twist wildly , obscure the view -- ! realizing the bald man must have just jump , she put she head in she hand , horrify -- the policeman burst into the room , and we repeat the moment from the open of the film ! ext . ledge outside window - continuous the policeman lean out , stare down at the bald man 's body -- only now , from this vantage point , we be able to reveal something we could not see before -- unseen by the policeman -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54. ABBY stand press to the wall , watch , terrify , just out of sight -- as the policeman utter breathlessly -- policeman Jesus , Mary , and Joseph ... hold on ABBY , as the policeman retreat inside , to general chaos and yelling ... as the off - screen panic build , Abby move to the edge of the ledge , gaze solemnly down ... finally , she leap into the air , and out of frame ! CUT to : the word : '' ABBY ... I ’m sorry ... '' scrawled in the bald man 's handwrite in the police notebook . red light strobe over the paper -- we be : ext . front of the hospital - later the policeman stare at word in he notebook , haunt , as the bald man 's body be lift in the coroner 's van ... a woman' voice Excuse I ... Officer ...? the policeman turn -- policeman ... yes ? it 's the admit nurse who speak with Abby in the lobby -- she move up close , visibly shake by the proceedings ... admitting nurse I be the admit nurse ... I think we speak on the phone ...? policeman ( remember ) oh. right . about the little girl ...? she nod . he turn to a fresh page in he notebook ... we start to push slowly in on he ... policeman what can you tell I about she ...? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . int . owen 's room - night Abby appear outside Owen 's partially open window , on the ledge . the bald man 's blood still stain she face ... she tap on the glass ... ABBY Owen ...! in bed , Owen start to wake up , completely out of it ... Abby whisper : ABBY can I come in ...? he start to get up -- Abby 's alarmed : ABBY no -- wait -- do not look at I ... Owen groan ... get back under cover ... face away ... drift ... ABBY but you have to say it ... that I can come in ... owen ++.- you can come in ... ABBY Close you eye ... owen they be already close ... she come in ... she quickly get out of she bloody clothes , undress completely ... and climb into bed behind Owen ... owen how would you get up here ...? ABBY ( beat ) I fly . owen yeah , right ... ( then , feel something behind he , open eye ) hey ... you be not wear anything ...! ( then ) and you be freezing ...! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56. ABBY sorry ... be that gross ...? beat . owen no. ( then ) where be you today ? I wait for you ... ABBY ... I have to go out . owen oh. ( then ) Abby ...? ABBY yeah ...? owen will you go steady with I ? ABBY ( beat ) what do you mean ...? owen will you be my girlfriend ...? ABBY Owen ... I be not a girl ... owen you be not a girl ...? ABBY no. owen what be you ...? ABBY I do not know ... I be ... I be nothing . owen oh. ( then ) you know , it 's okay if you do not wanna be my girlfriend . you do not have to make stuff up ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57. ABBY can not we just keep thing the way they be ...? owen ( hurt ) yeah .. of course ... he stop talk , give she a bit of the silent treatment . she can tell she 's hurt he . feel guilty ... ABBY do you ... have to ... do anything special when you go steady ...? owen ( pout slightly ) no ... ABBY so everything 's the same ? owen ( obviously ) yeah ... beat . ABBY okay . we can go steady . owen ..- really ? ABBY sure . he smile . close he eye . Abby stare at Owen 's back ... gently caress he shoulder , run she finger down he arm ... and over he hand . she take he hand in both of hers , and lift it , put be against she cheek , close she eye -- it 's a gesture eerily reminiscent of the one she make with the bald man just before he die ... and as they both drift off into sleep ... timecut to : the view from owen 's window - pre-dawn hold for a long beat , until the SUN just peek over the horizon , flaring camera ... it 's beautiful , lyrical ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58. a thin sliver of golden light reach over the bottom lip of the window , slice silently into the room ... project pattern on the wall ... reveal owen and ABBY , bath in soft blue ambience , asleep in bed , like Romeo and juliet . the light reach toward they ... close on ABBY 's arm , as the ray of sunlight slowly spread out ... finally ... touching she skin -- the delicate surface blister suddenly , start to smoke -- ! ABBY 's eye SNAP OPEN -- she yank she arm instinctively out of the light , startle , in pain ! she back quickly away from the light , into the corner , pull the blanket around she . she look around the room in horror , stunne that she let she guard down so low as to find herself right here , right now ... beside she , Owen remain blissfully in slumber . her back to the wall , Abby reach over very , very carefully ... grab the cord , gently lower the blind ... hold on she as she sit there ... catch she breath ... CUT to : the word : '' I must be gone and live , or stay and die ... '' written on a small scrap of paper lie on the page of a OPEN book on Owen 's desk . below the word , a heart have be draw . light suddenly spill across the paper as we hear the sound of metal blind be yanked OPEN . a hand enter frame , pick the paper up -- it 's owen , have just get up ; he read the note , sleepy . he turn the scrap over -- it 's a fully rip open package of now and later candy . he lift the open book the scrap be lie on , look at the cover -- it 's '' Romeo and juliet '' . Owen look back at the scrap -- sees below the heart be write , '' owen + ABBY '' . Owen smile . ext . owen 's window - morning the window open , and out pop Owen 's head -- he look around at the great drop below , to the narrow window sill , cover with undisturbed , virgin snow ... how do she get up here last night ...? it 's impossible ... int . school bus - day Owen sit among a rowdy crowd of middle school student , silently read he copy of '' Romeo and juliet '' -- he brow be furrow , the book be hard to understand ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . the crowd start to get even more excited , look out the window -- Owen stop read , look out the window to see the frozen lake , as the bus approach ... it 's a school field trip ... along the distant horizon , a passenger train speed ... ext . bus - moment later the student file off the bus , carry ice skate ; some have hockey stick and helmet ... Mr. Zoric and a few other teachers supervise , direct the student traffic -- mr . zoric if you play hockey , you play this side ! free skate , this side ! everyone careful for hole in ice ! stay ! away ! from hole ! we be watch ! so you play safe ! as Owen start to put on he skate with the other , Kenny , Donald , and Mark step up behind he -- Kenny put he hand on Owen 's shoulder , lean in , speak to he quietly , smile : kenny I hope you be learn how to swim ... coz today you be goin 's in ... and the three bully head out to the ice . Owen watch they go , with a grow sense of trepidation ... and anger ... CUT to : a SMALL , frozen aqueduct pipe along the shore . it look like the pipe we see the night the bald man dumped the body of the weight - lifter into the water -- only now the entire shoreline be frozen solid . Owen 's foot trudge by the pipe in skate ... he be scour the area for something ... a group of girl skate into the area , laugh , try out they best ( and not particularly impressive ) figure skate move -- one of they be the girl Kenny accost in the pool . ignoring they , Owen keep search ; he spot something , dig it out of the snow ... it 's a long stick -- it could be the same stick the bald man use to submerge the body under the ice , though there 's no way to be sure ... Owen bang the stick against he palm , testing its strength ... CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60. ext . middle of the lake - moment later Kenny , Donald , and Mark make they way across the ice ... finally come upon Owen , who stand about twenty foot in front of a hole in the ice , hold the long stick . he stare at they . Kenny smile . kenny be she ready for a swim ...? Owen say nothing , just set he jaw ; but it be clear he be very afraid ... he grip the stick harder , raise it slightly , brace himself for trouble ... Kenny notice : kenny whattaya think you be gonna do with that ...? owen ( try to be brave ) I be gonna ... hit you with it ... if you try anything ... Kenny look at he friend , smile mockingly : kenny really ...? wow ... near the edge of the lake as he try to organize a hockey game , Mr. Zoric suddenly see Owen surround by the boy near the hole in the ice ... he watch they with grow concern ... back in the middle of the lake Kenny 's smile fade as he stare Owen down ... kenny you know what I think ...? Owen remain silent ... kenny I do not think you be gonna do a fuck thing ... I think you be just gonna stand there , like the little girl you be ... and I be gonna grab that stick ... and ram it right up you ass ... and then ...? ( beat , harden ) you be goin’ swim . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61. Donald see something , be grow uncomfortable with all this ; say quietly to Kenny : donald dude -- Zoric be over there check we out -- let it go ... we will beat he little ass later ... but Kenny be not go to be the one to blink ... he just keep stare ... Owen be tremble ... kenny gimme the stick ... Owen do not dare move . Kenny , sense weakness , suddenly lunge forward , and Owen , panicked , shut he eye , and swing the stick with all he might ! it connect squarely with the side of Kenny 's head , and Kenny drop , stunne -- ! MARK Holy shit ! be you fuck crazy !? Owen open he eye , shocked to see Kenny , crumpled on the ice , grip he ear in excruciate pain -- blood gushes ! Kenny start to scream -- ! mr . zoric turn , hearing Kenny 's agonize scream -- one of the other teacher immediately head toward the middle of the lake to investigate -- Zoric be about to go too -- when he hear more scream from the other direction -- ! he turn to see the group of girl at the shoreline , by the aqueduct -- the girl Kenny accost in the pool be scream and crying , horrify -- Zoric start in they direction ...! in the middle of the lake the teacher rush to Kenny 's aid , shocked by the amount of blood -- Owen watch , absolutely terrify at what he have do -- ! he stand there , freeze ... drop the stick ... meanwhile , at the shoreline we watch in wide shot as Zoric arrive -- the girl be huddle together , comforting each other ; one of they point to something by the edge of the lake -- Zoric look , and the blood drain from he face ... he recover , start to pull the girl away -- then , he turn back , stare , aghast ... CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62. jack , the weight - lifter 's body half-submerged under water , and half -frozen into the ice . a chain saw carve around he ... CUT to : ext . lake - wide shot - later police car . FIRE truck . a crowd have gather , watch along with the student as a crane lift a enormous , solid block of ice containing jack body into the air ... we zoom slowly in on mr . zoric in the distance as he animatedly describe what happen to a man in a suit , who have he back to we , take note ... a pair of cop need to squeeze by , and Zoric step aside , still talk -- as he and the police officer rotate , switch place , we see Zoric have be talk to the SMALL town policeman from the open of the film ; we continuing zooming slowly in , until he haunted , and concerned face fill frame ... CUT to : int . principal 's office - late afternoon on owen , profile , he head hang low . his mother sit out of focus in the f.g . principal ( 0.s. ) give I one reason I should not suspend you , Owen ... ( beat ) can you think of one ? Owen keep he head lower , miserable . principal ( 0.s. ) look , I know about Kenny and he friend , believe I -- I have have to deal with they many time -- but where would you ever get the idea that this be the way to handle thing ? this in not . the way . to handle thing . do not you know what could have happen ...? ( then ) you seem like a smart kid . I just do not want to see you go down the wrong path ... owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) ( very softly , distraught ) he 's a good boy ... he really be ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63. int . owen 's apartment - night Owen take off he jacket ; he mom be already on the phone : owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) hello ...? be George there ...? Excuse I ...? this be he wife -- who 's this ...? the door bell ring . Owen look at he mom , who be angrily immerse ; he trudge for the door , as he continue to hear : owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) well , hello , Cindy ... could you please tell George that I call , and that I need to talk to he ...? about we son ...? it 's urgent . yes -- if he even give a shit ... Owen open the door -- it 's the SMALL town policeman : policeman ( grave tone ) hi there ... you mom or dad home ? Owen look at he , suddenly worried -- do this have something to do with Kenny ...? owen um ... yeah ... ( then ) owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) ( still on the phone ) thank you , Cindy ... Goodbye ... ( hang up , then , annoyed ) her figure enter the hallway -- she slow , see the policeman . her tone immediately change , quiet : owen 's mother ( 0.s . ) -..- oh ... what 's this about ...? policeman I be afraid there 's be a incident with one of you neighbor here in the complex ... so we be just go around , talk to people ... see if anyone know anything ... owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) ..- what kind of incident ...? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64. the policeman glance at Owen -- this may not be appropriate for he young ear ; Owen 's mother immediately pick up on it : owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) ( firm ) Owen -- why do not you go to you room . ..? Owen hesitates , disappointed . the policeman smile apologetically , and Owen head off -- he steal a final look at they from down the hall -- owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) would you like to come in , Officer ...? as the policeman enter ... CUT to : int . owen 's room - night dejected , Owen enter , shut the door ... set down he backpack by he desk when he see a flash from outside he window . he hear voice . he look out -- across the courtyard there 's activity inside jack apartment . Owen look through he telescope : it 's several policeman in latex glove ... taking flash picture ... searching for evidence ... Owen watch for a moment , transfix ... when he hear barking across the courtyard : he swing he telescope over to find virginia , out on she balcony , also silently craning to try to spy a look at what 's go on in Jack 's apartment -- she tiny lap dog be cradle in she arm -- she turn , suddenly , seeing owen staring at her through the telescope -- she glare , go back inside , yank the drape shut . Owen sigh . then he turn , look at he wall ... int . ABBY 's room - night look ill , Abby lie on she mattress when she start to hear quiet knocking on the wall ... morse code ... it make she smile sadly . she look over at the wall where she have tape Owen 's cheat sheet , start to decode he tapping ... she raise she hand , about to knock back when she hear more knocking -- from the front door . Abby , turn , frighten ... int . ABBY 's apartment - hallway - night Abby creep toward the front door , on eggshell , try not to make a sound ... more knocking on the door ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 65. she reach the door , step up on she tip -toe to look -- through the peephole the SMALL town policeman stand outside the door , wait ... Abby back away from the door ... stare at it for a long beat , not know what to do ... finally , she hear footstep , as the policeman start to walk away ... hear he knocking faintly on some other door ... int . owen 's room - night Owen lie on he bed , next to the wall wait for response from Abby . he give up , disappointed . turn off the light . int . owen 's middle school - weight room - late afternoon close on Owen on the bench press -- he push hard , huffing and puffing with the barbell ; there 's a new fire in he little body ... int . indoor middle school pool - late afternoon Owen train in the pool , hold the edge , kick he leg . voice hey Owen ... Owen look up to see Mark , the smallest of the bully stand there in he bathing suit -- he have a bit of a smile on he face , he 's hard to read : MARK look 's like you go for a swim after all , huh ...? Owen glare at he , wonder if this be go to be trouble ; but see Owen 's expression , Mark immediately back off : MARK I be just kid ... and he move off , sheepish , to the other side of the pool , jump in . Owen watch , surprised : be he afraid of Owen now ? ext . middle school pool build - twilight Owen emerge from the building when he overhear voice -- he suddenly back away , frighten , hide behind a column -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 66. owen 's Pov : donald and kenny , a huge bandage on he ear , have just greet MARK , who 's just come out of the building ; as Owen watch , a older , taller kid ( kenny'a brother ) suddenly run up behind Kenny , and playfully -- though brutally -- wrestle with he head -- Donald and Mark laugh -- Owen 's intrigue : kenny'a brother how 's the cripple ...! Kenny , the much weaker of the two , wrestle he big brother off , piss , protect he ear : kenny Jesus Christ , dude -- look out ...! kenny'a brother ( laugh ) man , that kid wail on you ass -- ( yell in he bad ear ) can you still hear I , bro -- ?! kenny stop ...! he sock he older brother hard in the arm ; but Kenny 's brother only seem to enjoy it , this be he idea of humor . finally , he ease up , smile : kenny'a brother you go home ? kenny no , we be go over to Mark 's ... kenny'a brother well can I borrow you key ...? I forget mine ... pleeeeeease ...? Kenny soften , give in -- pull out he key , hand they over ; he older brother muss Kenny 's hair : kenny'a brother thanks ... see you at home , little girl ... Kenny push he off , instantly mad again . Kenny 's brother head off . Kenny turn , see Donald and Mark grin : kenny shut up ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67. donald ( try to stop smile ) we do not say anything ... kenny shut up ... as they head off , Kenny glower , he two friend try to hide they pleasure , owen smile ... so happy to see the table turn on he nemesis ... over this we hear : owen ( v.o. ) ( quietly excited ) Abby ... I do it ... ext . apartment courtyard - jungle gym - night Owen and Abby on the jungle gym . Abby turn to he : ABBY you do what ...? owen they be gonna push I in a hole . in the ice . so I get a big stick and I hit Kenny really hard in the head . he have to go to the hospital -- I be almost suspend . but I do it . what you say . I stand up to they . Abby look at he , surprised ... take that in ... ABBY ... Owen . owen ... yeah ? Abby slowly lean in , kiss he gently on the cheek . she pull back , smile at he , proud . Owen beam , embarrassed . beat . a idea strike ; he ask quietly : owen hey ... you wanna go somewhere ...? ABBY ( quiet , intrigue ) where ...? he hop down , reach out a hand to she , mysteriously ; she look at he , then take it , ease off the jungle gym -- close on her bare foot as it touch the snow ... and CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68. darkness footstep echo ... a flashlight sweep through frame , illuminate hand -inked word on a old , dusty door : '' keep out '' , and '' enter upon penalty of death '' . Owen enter frame , push a shoulder hard into the door , it open revealing : int . apartment complex - basement storage room - night a dim , dingy , concrete space , but a secret world all its own , furnish with mismatch item salvage from the trash : a sunken armchair , a old couch , a threadbare piece of carpet ... Beer and liquor bottle litter the floor . there be pile of dog - eared girly magazine . at the center of it all be a battle - scarree ping pong table , a hole punch through one side . Abby take it all in , walk around with a childlike grin . owen there be this kid who use to live in the building . Tommy . he use to hang out down here with some of the high school kid , and ... they would drink and smoke . anyway , sometimes when the older kid be not around , he have play ping pong with I . he be pretty nice , but ... then he move away . ( beat , look around ) I kinda like it down here ... ABBY it 's cool ... owen I do not think any of the adult even know about it ... Abby find on old cassette player , press play : '' the gun of brixton '' by the clash begin , as Abby continue she tour ... ABBY so ... what do you want to do down here ...? beat . Owen smile , watch she ... owen I have a idea ... close you eye ... Abby stop , look at he . she smile . close they . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 . Owen quietly take he pen knife out of he pocket . he glance at Abby , then open it , press he thumb carefully against the sharp tip ... he swallow , brace himself ... then press hard , suddenly , against the blade , slicing OPEN he thumb -- he grimace silently in pain , as it start to bleed ... a lot ... he smile : owen okay ... let 's ... make a pact ... Abby open she eye . Owen hold out he bloody hand : owen «.. you and I ... see the blood , Abby immediately freeze in horror and dread ... her pupil widen , like a animal about to pounce -- oblivious , Owen step toward she , hand drip -- he offer the knife , try to allay any fear -- owen it 's okay -- it only hurt for a second , it 's no big deal ... Abby back away , she stomach growling -- she hold herself rigid , fighting vicious , hungry urge ... when suddenly , she sees owen 's blood puddling on the floor ; her eye fix on it -- hold for a long , suspend beat , as she stare , mesmerize ... losing herself to instinct ... Owen still do not get it , as -- all at once , Abby drop to the ground , hovering feverishly over the puddle on all four ! she snarl ravenously -- owen watch in shock , as ABBY stick a eerily long tongue out of she mouth , begin licking the blood off the concrete ! owen ( breath steal ) ..- Abby ...? Abby suddenly look up -- she face , smear with dirt from the floor , be transformed ! she have demonic eye , she expression be torture , savage -- she do not even look like a child anymore ...! quivering primally , she hiss , arching she back , on the verge of attack : ABBY go _ away ...! but Owen can not move ... he be terrify ... he eye start to well with tear ... Abby glare furiously , possessed : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 70. ABBY go ...t !! but he can not ! then -- know if she be to stay even a instant longer , it would be over -- she turn suddenly , make a break -- and run wildly for the door -- ! Owen be completely stunne -- ! int . basement corridor - immediately following ABBY -- as she sprint madly , panting , grunting like a wild , panicked beast ! her bare feet slap concrete , pick up speed -- we stay with her as she goe -- up metal stair -- bounding for the exit door -- ! ext . apartment courtyard - high angle - night Abby burst into the courtyard and head straight for a tree ... like a feral cat , she launch right up the trunk , climbing swiftly , eerily -- she nail scratching , clawing at the bark as she go ... at the top of the tree we find she , settling in the branch , rabid , she sense heightened , a hunger unleashed , needing to be sate ... she peer around the courtyard below -- she pupil so wide , she eye be solid black ... suddenly , she hear a small dog 's barking -- turn -- below virginia be enter the courtyard , walk she tiny dog . she 's move fast , angry , like maybe she 's just have a fight -- fifty foot behind , larry follow , try to catch up ; he call after she : larry ( out of breath ) goddammit -- Virginia ...! but she keep go , towards she building -- and directly into the path of -- ABBY -- who abruptly leap down , knocking virginia , face down , into the snow ! virginia scream , thrashing wildly as ABBY sink her teeth into her neck , tearing flesh -- blood spurt out into the snow as Abby begin ruthlessly feeding , slurping ...! beside they , the little lap dog growl and bark primevally -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71. hear the scream , Larry begin to run ! he come upon the scene in utter panic and shock , freaking out -- he lunge suddenly at ABBY , kicking she fiercely -- and ABBY be knocked free , tumbling into the snow -- ! Abby lift she head , stunne -- she mouth ooze blood , piece of flesh still in her teeth ... Larry see the blood pour from Virginia 's shred neck -- he start for Abby in a blind rage -- larry what the fuck -- ?! but before he can reach she , Abby , terrify , snap back to reality , take off ! Larry scramble after she , skidding around in the snow , but Abby 's agility and speed way be too much for he -- and , in a instant , she 's go ! just then , owen emerge into the courtyard , daze as commotion build around he -- Larry rant desperately , totally out of breath as resident appear on they balcony to see what 's the matter : larry ( cry , hysterical ) somebody call 9 - 1 -1 ...!!! somebody call 9 - 1-1 ...!!! he rush to he girlfriend 's side , as blood still gushes freely from she neck -- he 's in a complete frenzy -- close on owen , as larry scream echo through the courtyard : larry ( 0.s. ) ( agonize disbelief ) Jesus Christ -- she bit she ...!!! she fucking bit her .. ! hold , as dread set in Owen 's eye ... then , timecut to : high angle - over courtyard - later red flashing light . a crowd of neighbor watch , as paramedics load Virginia into a ambulance , larry at she side ... CUT to reveal -- this be the Pov from owen 's window . Owen stand there watch , visibly shake ; he look down , squeezing he thumb , finish sealing a band - aid around it . he stare at it ... then look up slowly , across the way ... at Larry and Virginia 's empty apartment ... at jack 's ... CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 72. light spilling across owen 's mother 's body as she lie in bed in she blue nightgown , passed out , face buried in the pillow , she hair splayed chaotically ... we be : int . owen 's mom 's bedroom - night owen stand , backlit in the doorway , have just open the door ; he stare in at he mother in the dark room ... beat . owen ( quiet , vulnerable ) -.--mom ...? but she do not stir ... Owen look over at the empty wine bottle and glass on the night stand , realize she 's go to be out for quite some time ... hold on owen 's staring eye , bath in shadow ; they look frighten , helpless ... we start to hear a filter phone ring ... finally , a woman 's voice answer ; she sound sleepy : woman 's voice ( phone filter ) .-- hello ...? CUT to : int . owen 's apartment - kitchen - night Owen sit on the floor clutching the phone , he arm hugging he knee to he chest , he back against the cabinet ... he look scared , on the verge of break down ... ( note : the entire conversation be extremely intimate , quiet , intense ... ) owen hi ... be my dad there ...? we hear quiet , indistinguishable voice , then , a man get on : man 's voice ( phone filter ) hello ...? owen dad ...? can I talk to you ...? for a minute ...? man 's voice ( phone filter ) ... sure , pal . what be it ...? what 's wrong ...? Owen can not speak ... start to cry ... owen I dunno ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 73. man' voice ( phone filter ) what ...? owen .»+- do you think ...? be there ...? be there such a thing ... as evil ? man' voice ( phone filter ) ..- what ...? owen ..- can ... people be evil ? be that true ? be that real ...? silence ... then : man 's voice ( phone filter ) what be you talk about , pal ...? I do not know what you be talk about ... ( long beat ) do ... something happen ...? Owen do not know what to say ... his father grow anxious : man 's voice ( phone filter ) where be you get this ...? from you mother ...? all she ... religious crap .. owen no ... man 's voice ( phone filter ) Jesus Christ -- do not listen to that shit , okay ...? owen ( heart sink ) no -- that 's not -- but he father be not listen , some past conflict already trigger -- man 's voice ( phone filter ) -- goddammit ...! away from the phone , we can just barely hear the woman -- woman 's voice ( phone filter ) what 's wrong -- ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74. man 's voice ( phone filter ) ( to the woman ) she 's fill he head with all this crap ...! ( then , back into phone ) you know what ? Owen , listen -- put you mother on the phone , okay ? I wanna talk to she ... owen um , she 's ... she 's not here ... man 's voice ( phone filter ) well please have she call I when she get back , alright ...? ( beat ) okay ...? Owen make one last desperate attempt : owen dad ...? man 's voice ( phone filter ) ( cut he off ) Owen , I want you to get that crap out of you head , okay ? you mother just ... she have problem ... and I be gonna talk to she . so I do not want to hear any more about this , alright ? Owen be crush ... owen ... yeah ... man 's voice ( phone filter ) ( soften again ) okay . good . you have a good night , pal . I love you . and I be sorry about the last couple month , but I will see you real soon , okay ? I promise . maybe next weekend ... owen ( world cave in ) okay ... I love you too ... hang up . leave Owen back where he be . completely alone . CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 75 . ABBY 's note : '' I must be gone and live , or stay and die ... '' Owen stare at it , curl up on he bed . he look at the heart , '' owen + ABBY '' beneath it ... finally , he steel himself , and raise he hand to the wall ... he hesitates , then ... knock forcefully . he wait , heart racing ... nothing . he turn away , maybe relieved ... until ... a knock come from the other side . Owen turn back to the wall ... int . ABBY 's apartment - front door - night Abby open the door slowly , look healthier than she have be . see Owen wait there in he jacket . the air be charge . they stare at each other . finally , Owen say : owen can I come in ...? she smile , a bit wary , nod . he be about to enter ; then : owen -.- you have to say it ... she look at he , surprised by he tone ; she smile fade ... ABBY -..- you can ... come in ... he do ... she follow , self - conscious , as he walk down the hall cautiously , see she place for the first time ... it 's desolate , almost no furniture , belonging in pile . spartan . Owen take it in silently ; then he just stop where he be , hand in he jacket pocket , not look at she ... owen ( quietly ) be you a vampire ...? she glance down at she bare foot ... ABBY I ... need blood . to live . yes . he look at she ... owen be you ... dead ...? ABBY no. ( then ) can not you tell ...? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 76 . owen but ... how old be you ? really . ABBY I be twelve ... ( then , still try to understand it herself ) but ... I be twelve for a very long time ... Owen glance around , wary ... owen where 's you dad ...? ABBY ( beat , guilty ) ...- he be not ... my dad ... Owen look at she , nod . Owen take a step into the dining room . on a old table be a collection of strange , worn out toy from many different era , some of they look almost like ancient game or puzzle ... Owen look at they ... owen what be all this ...? ABBY ( smile sadly , shrug ) ... I like puzzle ... he step over to a series of OPEN box against the wall ; inside , sort into group be watch , wallet , clothing ... owen what about this stuff ...? ABBY they be just thing ... ( beat ) you can take whatever you want ... Owen see rumpled cash in one of the box . there 's a lot . a horrible think occur : owen this be thing from the people you kill , be not they ? you kill they , and then steal from they , right ...? she do not respond immediately -- it spook he -- he start for the door , angry -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77 . owen I be wanna go home now ... but she block he way , sad , do not want he to leave ... owen I wanna go ... be you gonna let I ...? ( then , with a edge ) what be you gonna do to I ...? stung , she look up at he , then back down ; she step out of he way , whisper , heartbroken : ABBY «.. I tell you we could not be friend ... and Owen head for the door . she look up , watch he go ... and as we hear the door OPEN and slam shut , we CUT to : the hallway - immediately where Owen stand outside Abby 's front door , heart -race , breathe hard through he nose , try to calm down ... hold . then -- CUT to : ext . hospital - dawn hold as the SUN crack over the horizon in the distance ... CUT to : a moving shot , down a hospital corridor - dawn we follow a policeman approach a hospital room doorway ... as he walk , we arc in front of he to see it 's the SMALL town policeman ; he slow , look into : the hospital room it 's dark , the drape be drawn . virginia sleep in bed ; she 's startlingly pale , almost blue ... her neck be heavily bandage , a iv tube trail from she arm ... slump but awake in a chair by the bed be larry ; he look like he 's be up all night . he glance up at the policeman , who speak very quietly , not want to disturb Virginia ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 78. policeman hi ... be you Larry ...? Larry nod . policeman you mind if I talk to you for a minute ...? tilt he head , indicate the hall . larry ... sure . Larry get up , exit frame -- but we stay on virginia ... we push slowly in on she , sleep , as we hear the two man , just outside the door , speak in hushed tone : policeman ( 0.s. ) sorry to bother you ... ( then ) ..- how 's ... she do ...? larry ( 0.s. ) ( grim , shake ) it 's be ... quite a night ... they have to give she almost six pint of blood ... we be still wait to see if she body reject it . as Larry speak , virginia 's eye OPEN with a quiet start , as if waking from a nightmare -- she pupil be solid black ... she look around , disorient , see the iv drip ... look down at the line stuck in her arm ... a spot of her own blood be soak on the bandage ; virginia stare at it , transfixed ... in the hallway the policeman nod , sympathetic -- but there 's a sense of quiet urgency as he speak -- policeman well , I will not keep you too long . I just , I need to ask you about the description you give . of the little girl . behind he , out of focus , in the doorway , we can just make out some movement in the shadow in virginia 's bed ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 79 . policeman ( cont 's D ) ( refer to he notebook ) you say she have dark hair , be around twelve year old , and be not wear shoe ... larry .-- that 's right . the policeman pull something from he notebook , show Larry : policeman have you ever see this man ? he 's a suspect in a murder investigation . Larry look at it : it 's a sketch of the balding man ... larry yeah ... maybe ... look like a guy in we building . move in a couple month ago , I think . policeman do he have a daughter ? like the girl you describe ? larry I do not ... I do not know . I have only see he a few time ... as the policeman listen , the movement in the room behind he continue , grow more active ... and now there be faint sound in the darkness ... dripping sound ... larry ( cont ’d ) ( concerned ) you think this be related to the murder case ? policeman maybe . we be start to think the two of they may have be part of some satanic cult ... larry ( aghast ) what ...? policeman we find another body few day ago ... same m.o . the victim be completely drain of blood ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 80. the day nurse appear silently behind the policeman , pause at the open door , check the patient file , about to enter , unaware of the activity inside ... policeman ( cont ’d ) but there be bite mark on the victim 's neck . small one . like a child 's . larry ( horrify ) Jesus Christ -- what be that girl -- what 's go on ...? over the policeman 's shoulder we see the day nurse step inside , disappear into the darken room -- in the room she move to the window , open the drape ; turn to see -- virginia hunched over , gnawing and slurping over she own arm , like a rabid animal -- suddenly , feel the light spill over she body , she turn -- blood drip from her mouth -- and from a fresh bite wound on her arm -- she' be sucking her own blood -- ! panicked , the Day nurse suddenly reach out to stop her -- day nurse oh my God -- what be you -- ?! but virginia 's skin immediately begins to blister and smoke in the daylight ! she scream in agony and -- just as the Day nurse grab her -- virginia suddenly erupt into flame !!! the inferno quickly engulf they both -- we hear a chorus of there shrieking ...! it 's a pure vision of hell ! larry and the policeman burst in from the hall -- the heat be so intense , they be force to stop dead in they track ...! they stare helplessly at the scene in complete shock and horror ...! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81. int . owen 's apartment - kitchen / dine area - night tight shot : reaching into the oven , Owen gasp , burn himself try to grab a tv dinner -- he wave he hand in the air to cool it , reach for a pot holder in a drawer -- a note on the refrigerator read : '' hi sweetie , meeting with the lawyer tonight . be home later . there 's a pot pie in the freezer ! I love you ! GOD bless ! mom . '' the tv be on nearby -- Owen be not even pay attention : tv newscaster one patient and a nurse die early this morning when a five alarm fire break out on the tenth floor of littleton Memorial Hospital . the cause of the fire be still unknown , but authority believe it may have be electrical ... Owen sit , get settle with he dinner just as -- there be a knock at the door ... morse code . Owen stiffen ... CUT to : the front door it open , revealing Abby . she smile hopefully : ABBY ... hey. owen ( coolly ) ... hey . they stand there awkwardly , Abby wait to be invite in ... finally , Owen open the door a bit wider for she to enter ... she smile uncomfortably ... ABBY you ... have to invite I in ... it 's you home ... a quiet taunt : owen what if I do not ...? ( then ) why can not you just come in ...? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 82. she look at he , smile fade ... owen be there something in the way ...? she stare at he sorrowfully ... finally , she make the decision ... steel herself ... enter ... Owen shut the door , and turn , wait skeptically ... at first , nothing happen . she just stand there , rigid , eye fiercely lock on Owen 's ... but then ... slowly ... something start to happen ... she breathe become labor ... and then , she start to bleed ... from she eye ... she nose ... she mouth ... she pore ...! she begins to shake , grimacing in utter torment as blood drench she skin , she clothes -- ! it look like she 's dying -- ! horrify , Owen immediately regret what he 's do -- lunge forward , grab she shoulder -- ! owen no ! stop ! you can come in ! Abby suddenly relax she muscle , relieved . panicked , Owen look at she to see if the bleed have stop . it have . he immediately hug she tight . close he eye ... he hold she ; then , head on she shoulder , still catch he breath , he anxiously utter the unthinkable : owen what if I do not say anything ...? would you have just keep bleed ...? ABBY I know you would not let I ... owen ( open he eye , afraid of the think ) .-- but ... what if I do ...? Abby finally close she eye , whisper quietly , simply : ABBY ... I know you would not . int . owen 's apartment - live room - moment later Owen sit on the couch , stare up at Abby who stand before he , clothes cover in blood . Owen be still reeling : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library owen ... who be you ...? beat . she look at he , a defiant look in she eye ... ABBY .-- I be just like you . owen what do you mean ? Abby stare at he , she demeanor change ... she step forward , hover menacingly , brandish a imaginary ABBY what 's the matter ? be you scared ? be you scared , little girl ? huh ? owen ( suddenly afraid ) ... what be you do ...? ABBY that be the first word I ever hear you say . outside . beat . Owen grow self - conscious . owen yeah , but ... I do not kill people ... ABBY but you have like to , if you could ... to get back at they ... right ? owen ( quiet , grudge ) ... yeah ... ABBY to get revenge -- owen because they hurt I , because I -- ABBY because you want to live . just like I . ( then ) I do it because I have to . to survive . she look at he , become serious , quietly plead : 83 . slowly knife : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 84 . ABBY Owen ... be I a little ... she move very close to Owen , reach out , touch he face -- close on owen 's eye as he suddenly sees quick flash of a vision : we hear Owen and Abby quietly breathing as we fleetingly see -- demonic eye staring at we -- ! a twisted mouth open , baring its terrible fang -- ! ABBY ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) ( whisper , emotional ) please ... for a little while ... a child shoulder be ravaged fiercely by the teeth -- ! the child 's feet kick and thrash in terror and pain -- ! ABBY ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) be I ... suddenly , we see the child 's face -- it 's ABBY -- ! eye red , streaming with tear , a look of unspeakable pain -- ! it 's the moment she became a vampire -- so many year ago ! but as her mouth open , about to scream -- it 's owen 's scream we hear , as if he’s scream her scream , feeling her pain ...! reveal owen -- back in the live room . his eye red with tear . we catch a fleeting glimpse of abby' eye , ancient , tire -- but before they fully register , they be a child 's again ... Owen and Abby stare at each other . Silent . emotional . Owen raise he hand , unconsciously rub he shoulder , in the same spot where Abby be bitten in the vision ... CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85. a showerhead as stream begin to gently flow . we see a child feet -- ABBY 's -- on white porcelain as water swirl around they , washing blood into the drain ... CUT to : owen still in the live room , deep in think , the experience he just have resonate in he head . we can hear the shower running in the background . hold . then -- CUT to : a record player Owen 's hand set down the needle ... the romantics 's '' what I like about you '' start to play -- loud -- we be : int . owen 's apartment - live room - moment later Owen put he hand in he pocket , listen to the music , bop he head subtly , walk around the room . he be set a mood , try to be nonchalant . he spy a quick look down the hall to see if Abby 's out of the shower yet . a moment later , Abby appear , wrap in a towel , clutching she bloody clothes . she slow , hearing the music . glance at Owen . smile appreciatively . bop she head a little too . Owen sidle up to she , hand still in he pocket . he have to yell over the music -- gesture toward he mom 's bedroom -- owen you can borrow one of my mom 's old dress if you want ...! Abby look at he , nod appreciatively , and disappear into the bedroom . Owen watch she go ... after a moment , Owen approach the bedroom doorway , draw -- close on he as he peek in , curious -- catch a fleeting glimpse of ABBY dress -- momentarily transfix -- but -- before she can catch he , he duck out of the doorway again -- walk back into the middle of the room ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 86. Abby emerge in a old , out of date dress , smile . she spin shyly , modeling it for Owen ; the first time we have see she in a dress , she look adorable . Owen smile , blush at the sight of she -- when -- we hear the front door slamming -- owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) hello ...! panicked , Owen grab Abby 's wrist , she bloody clothes , and they run into -- owen 's room Abby run straight for the window , open it up -- she go right out on the ledge , without hesitation -- owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) Owen ...?! where be you ...?! alarm , Owen turn toward he door -- owen I be in here ...! i’1l be right there ...! he turn back to the window -- and Abby be already go . a bit stunne , he stick he head -- out the window to see Abby , impossibly , already stick she head out she window , next door . she smile at he . he smile back . int . ABBY 's apartment - dine room - night Abby sit on the floor in she darken apartment , play with she puzzle ... bored ... lonely ... she stop for a moment , stare a bit longingly at the wall that adjoin Owen 's apartment ... int . owen 's apartment - live room - night Owen stand look at he mother who lie , out of focus , pass out on the couch . the only light in the room be the blue pulsing from the tv screen . he stare to make sure he mom be completely asleep as he slowly , silently pull on he jacket ... finally , he tip toe past she , out of frame ... as we hear the front door quietly open , we CUT close on the television ; it 's a local public service announcement : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87. tv announcer it 's ten o'clock . do you know where you child be ...? we hear the door click shut as Owen leave ... CUT to : a moving Pov shot - through a car windshield slowly approaching owen and abby' build complex in the early morning ... the car slow to a stop ... wind howl ... CUT to : a long row of metal apartment mailboxe as we move along they , hearing footstep ... we stop on one : there be no name label , just the old glue from name past ... a shadow fall over the mailbox as the footstep quiet . we can see a distort reflection in the metal , as a figure stare at the mailbox ; but it 's too distort to recognize ... CUT to : a Pov shot - moving into the courtyard - early morning more footstep , snow crunching underfoot as the camera creep forward , look up at the window in the building above ... the camera find ABBY 's window , boarded up with cardboard ... the camera stop ... so do the footstep ... CUT around to : the reverse angle - Pov looking down from abby' window the SMALL town policeman stare up at we forebodingly as he stand in the courtyard , beside the empty jungle gym ... int . ABBY 's apartment - dine room - early morning lying in the middle of the floor , cover in a blanket , surround by puzzle , Owen wake up . still fully dress , he look around , disorient . Abby be not there . he spot a note on the table : '' hi , Owen . good morning . I be in the bathroom . please do not come in . want to hang out with I again tonight ? I really like you . Love , Abby . '' suddenly , there 's a loud knock at the front door . Owen turn . he get up , move very quietly into -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88. the hallway he approach the door ; carefully press he eye against -- the peephole the policeman be right outside . he knock hard again . Owen freeze , do not know what to do ... he take a step backward , and the floorboard make a long , sustained creak underfoot ...! outside the policeman turn , hearing the creak ... know someone be inside -- he bang even harder on the door -- policeman hello ?! this be littleton p.d.! ( bang again ) hello ?! OPEN the door ! owen stand there , stiff , try not to make a sound , when -- the policeman suddenly draw he gun , raise he foot -- and slam he heel into the door near the lock -- ! owen jump as the door start to crack -- ! he spin , and run -- into the kitchen flatten hard against the wall , hiding , panting -- just as -- the front door slam OPEN , and the policeman enter , grip he gun -- policeman police officer !!! he look around , strain to see in the dark apartment -- owen remain perfectly still against the wall as he hear footstep creeping closer ...! and closer ...! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 . policeman ( 0.s. ) hello ...?! the policeman appear in the doorway to the kitchen , right next to where Owen 's back be press -- we can see they both , but they can not see each other ...! Owen hold he breath , can feel the policeman stand nearby ... the policeman gay in ... then ... move on ... Owen listen as he pass ... then , he gather courage , dart he head near the door jam and peek : into the dine room where the policeman continue he sweep ... he spot box on the side of the room , peer in , but it 's too dark to see ... Owen watch with just one eye past the door frame as the policeman take a hand off he gun , and reach up to the cardboard and blanket cover the window -- he yank a small section away , letting some light into the room ... the policeman look back in the box , see the wallet , watch , and cash ... then he see something ball up on the floor , nudge it into the light with he foot -- it 's ABBY 's blood drenched clothing ; the policeman look at the blood with grow alarm , imagine the worst -- he put both hand firmly back on he gun -- fear creep into he voice : policeman hello ...?! Owen watch in horror as -- the policeman turn , spot Abby 's note near the table ... he reach with one hand , pick it up ... read it ... look up at -- the close bathroom door Owen literally stop breathe for a moment , stare with dread as the policeman raise he gun , and start slowly down the hallway , toward it ... the policeman 's Pov moving for the door ... we can hear he measure breathing as he close in ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 90. owen leans he head out into the darken hallway , watch the policeman 's back as he creep away , finally arriving -- at the door the policeman listen for noise from inside , hear nothing ... he reach a hand down to the knob , gently grip it ... try to turn it slowly ... it move ... all at once , he fling OPEN the door , grip he gun in both hand , and gay in -- ! it 's even darker inside ... he reach a hand in , feel around for a light switch -- find one , flick it : nothing ... so finally , he step abruptly -- inside look around , try to see in the darkness ... as he eye adjust slightly , he can just make out -- a old , stained blanket spread over the top of the bathtub ... he lean in closer , still hold the gun ... the stain look like blood . he reach a hand free from he gun , and quickly lift off the blanket ... underneath be more blanket , wrap around something in the tub -- something shape like a body ... the policeman quickly peel that back too -- revealing ABBY . he stare at she , move he face close , can not tell if she be dead or alive ... he glance above the tub , now able to see that the bathroom window be thoroughly cover with cardboard and blanket , sealed along the sill with electrical tape ... he reach a hand up , feel for the edge of the tape -- find it -- and -- just as he start to tear it back -- letting a tiny bit of light in -- a voice cry out -- at the very same instant , abby' eye OPEN , pained by the light as her arm sizzle -- ! owen ( 0.s. ) no ! stop ! startle , terribly on edge , the policeman turn , levelling he gun at owen , stand in the hallway behind he -- ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library gl. policeman ( spook , breathless ) Christ almighty , son -- ! -- and before he can finish , ABBY leap up from the tub and attack he from behind , sinking her teeth into he neck !!! Owen watch , horrify , as the policeman flail violently , blood spraying as ABBY feast gruesomely , viciously -- the gun clatter to the linoleum -- ! the policeman grab a bloody hand on the door frame to keep from collapse -- he terror -filled eye look up , lock on owen 's as he reach he other hand out -- pleading for owen 's help -- ! owen stare back , torture ... unconsciously , Owen 's hand start to lift ... reach out ... he step slowly toward the bathroom ... the policeman sees owen 's hand , reaching in he direction -- ! his bloody hand lose its grip on the door frame , and he stumble backward -- but he persevere , still reaching desperately with he other hand for owen 's -- when it suddenly dawns on he that owen be reaching for -- the doorknob owen grab it , yank -- as the policeman scream in horror -- policeman noo -- ! and the door slam shut -- sealing the policeman 's fate ! Owen back away from the door in complete terror , listen to the horrible scream and banging from behind the door ... it 's unbearable -- he turn away , trembling ... finally , he have to cover he ear ... we hear gurgling , and then the tell - tale snapping of the policeman 's neck -- and all of a sudden , everything go -- silent . hold . Abby emerge from the bathroom , still wear Owen 's mother 's old dress from last night ; she have blood all over she face . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92. Owen lower he hand from he ear , stand there , stunne ... Abby walk up behind he , put she arm gently around he body . her expression be mournful , no sense of victory at all ... she utter sadly , hold he tight : ABBY thanks ... timecut to : the hallway - moment later Owen and Abby stare at each other , silent ... a pain sense of what be come ... neither sure what to say ... finally , Abby , the more experience of the two , speak softly , crush : ABBY Owen ... I have to go away ... Owen look at she , at a loss , vulnerable ... know she 's right ... but can not even nod ... she stare into he eye ... it 's excruciate ... then , she lean slowly toward he , and for the first time , despite she blood - drench lip , they kiss ... a long , last , tender embrace ... finally , they part , blood now on Owen 's lip too ... he stare at he foot , sadly , know it be over ... she do too ... Michael andrew and Gary Jules 's soulful cover of tear for fear 's 1982 hit , '' mad world '' start to play as we CUT to : int . owen 's apartment - morning Owen walk in the door and Owen 's mother -- in the other room -- immediately rush over , hysterical , beginning to cry -- owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) oh my God -- ! she 's angry , emotional , relieved , all at the same time ; she grab he by the shoulder , crouch down right in front of he -- but we be on owen 's face -- owen 's mother ( 0.s. ) oh my God ! ( squeeze he tight ) do not ever do that again ! where be you ?! where be you ?! Owen stare off as she hold he , he mind so far away : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93 . owen ..- with a friend ... hold ... '' mad world '' continue -- CUT to : int . owen 's room - night Owen sit at he desk with he book of clipping ... in front of he be the latest newspaper article to add to the bunch -- the giant headline read : '' who be he ? '' the sub-headline continue , '' ’ritual killer 's suspect still unidentified after suicide '' ; the police sketch of the balding man be picture ... Owen gaze at he desk , dispirite , no longer interested in he clipping , when he hear a car door slam ... suddenly , he fill with trepidation , stand up , move to the window to see : a silhouetted taxi idling in the driveway between building . a figure finish put a large suitcase into the trunk ... come around , open the passenger door for a smaller silhouetted figure who sit in -- Owen see the outline of a tiny bare foot as it lift up into the car , just before the door close ... pushing in , close on owen as he watch the taxi pull away ... disappear in the distance ... so overwhelm , he can not even cry yet ... '' mad world '' continue , over ... int . ABBY 's apartment - night the camera move through the hauntingly empty space ... she 's go ... int . basement clubhouse - night camera move past the word , '' enter upon penalty of death '' ... into the deserted clubhouse ... past the old armchair and casette player ... past the ping pong table ... the camera finally come to rest on something slump in a dark corner of the room , hide behind the sink couch ... it 's the policeman 's body ... and , as '' mad world '' come to a end , we CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 94. ext . apartment courtyard - morning the jungle gym sit empty , surround by snow . very close on owen 's face nose press behind the fogging glass of he window , stare down at the courtyard . now he 's cry ... we hold in silence as tear stream down he sad , expressionless face ... after a long moment , the phone ring behind he ... he do not move ... it ring again ... ... and again ... he turn , shuffles off to go get it ... int . owen 's apartment - kitchen - morning Owen pick up the phone . do not even say hello . MARK ( phone filter ) hello ...? be Owen there ...? owen yeah ... MARK ( phone filter ) hey Owen , it 's Mark . Mr. Zoric want I to call . he want to know if you be come tonight . owen why do he want to know ...? MARK ( phone filter ) I dunno . I guess cause you have not be come the last few day ... owen oh . I be not really sure . MARK ( phone filter ) ok. hey , Owen ... by the way ... I think what you do to Kenny be good . he deserve it . owen «-- you do ...? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 95 . MARK ( phone filter ) yeah . just so you know . Owen take this in ... a ray of hope that thing can change ... ext . phonebooth - at that same moment Mark wait on the line , listen to see if Owen be buy this ... outside the glass , Donald , Kenny , and Kenny 's older brother watch ... MARK ( finally , into phone ) well ... then maybe I 'il see you tonight , huh ? owen ( phone filter ) ... yeah . Mark glance over at the other , nod ... ext . middle school pool build - twilight warm light emanate through the window from inside as snow drift down all around ... int . locker room —- twilight Owen finish get into he work out clothes -- a t-shirt and bathing suit -- when a warm voice greet he -- mr . zoric ( 0.s. ) ah! speak of devil ! there he be ! Owen look up to see Mr. Zoric smile at he ; Owen smile : owen hi ... mr . zoric ( pat Owen 's shoulder ) good to see you . we start in pool today . and he head out of the locker room . Owen grab he towel , and start out too , when he run into Mark -- who stand there awkwardly , almost as if he be wait for Owen : MARK ( smile ) hey , Owen ... Owen regards he warily , nod , and head out -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96. Mark watch he go ... then he walk across , step over to a exit door ; he crack it open , stick he head out -- whisper to someone out there : MARK he 's here ... ext . back of middle school pool build - night tight shot -- as the wind howl , and snow swirl -- Kenny and Donald douse a overflow dumpster with kerosine ... laugh quietly , shushing each other -- kenny'a brother ( 0.s. ) ( hushed ) hurry up ...! int . indoor middle school pool - night Owen hold the edge of the pool , tread water as Mr. Zoric stand above he , supervise -- Owen breathes in , lower he face into the water , breathes out ... in ... out ... in ... mr . zoric that 's it ... that 's good ...! Mark run up behind Zoric -- out of breath -- MARK Mr. Zoric -- there 's a fire ! mr . zoric ( turn , alarmed ) what ?! MARK outside ! in back ! Zoric nod -- turn back -- mr . zoric Owen , I be right back ! Owen , slow , nodd , as Zoric abruptly head off ... Owen look up at Mark , who glance at he , then avert he eye , walk away in the direction Zoric go ... ext . back of middle school pool build - night the dumpster be ablaze , flame reach into the sky -- no one in sight -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97. int . middle school pool build - hallway - night Zoric rush for the exit door , disappear through they -- we hold for a moment ... someone step out from hide ... it 's Kenny 's brother . he walk up to the door ... snap the deadbolt into place , lock Zoric out ... int . indoor middle school pool - night Owen continue tread water on the side of the pool , when suddenly he hear yelling -- he eye widen see Kenny 's brother , Kenny , Donald and Mark storming into the room -- head straight for he along the edge of the pool -- kenny'a brother everybody out ! move ! l let 's go ! frightened , kide climb out of the pool , scamper away -- Owen panic -- lift himself out -- and run madly -- for the locker room -- ! the bully follow -- ! in the locker room Owen skid on wet foot in front of he locker -- spin the tumbler -- he rip open the door , digging frantically into he pants -- he find he pen knife -- open it -- turn -- just as -- Kenny 's brother , Kenny , Donald , and Mark all stumble into the room , converge around he ... Owen look at they , hold he little pen knife , tremble , shiver as he drip in he bathing suit ... Kenny 's brother smile -- kenny'a brother what be you gonna do with that ...? he start slowly toward Owen , who raise the knife , he hand visibly shaking ... as Kenny 's brother close in , Owen stare at he , suddenly realize he just can not do it -- and attempt to make a break , ploughing straight into Kenny -- who grab he -- they all grab he ! Kenny 's brother easily snatch the pen knife out of Owen 's grip ! then , he seize one of Owen 's leg , and begin viciously dragging he out of the locker room -- Owen squirm in pain and panic -- as the other follow -- ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 98. back into the pool area Kenny 's brother drag he straight toward the pool -- call out to Kenny and Donald -- kenny'a brother grab he arm ! get he arm ! they do , and the three of they suddenly lift owen up , and toss he into the deep end of the pool -- owen 's Pov plunging into the water ! he flail madly , unable to swim ! he gag violently , bobbing he head in and out of the water , gulping for air ...! finally , he manage to latch a hand onto the edge of the pool ... he pull he head up , just out of the water , cough ... Kenny 's brother 's foot appear beside he , and he crouch down next to Owen 's face , hold Owen 's pen knife ... he grab Owen by the hair with he free hand -- Owen wince -- kenny'a brother ( quietly ) know who I be ...? Owen look at he , terrify ... nod yes ... kenny'a brother good . then you know why I be here . he stare at Owen . smile . kenny'a brother we be gonna have a little contest . okay ? you stay under water for ... three minute . he move the knife closer to Owen 's face ... kenny'a brother if you can do it , I will just give you a little nick . on you cheek . but if you can not ... i’1l poke out one of you eye . get it ? a eye for a ear . Owen look at he , fill with dread ... owen but ... that 's impossible ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 99 . kenny'a brother that 's you problem ... Kenny , still wear a big bandage on he ear , step closer over he brother 's shoulder , get a good look at Owen ... he glower at he , prepare for revenge ... Kenny 's brother grip Owen 's hair hard ; Owen grimace -- kenny'a brother Three minute . better take a deep breath -- Owen start to suck AIR in -- as -- without warning -— Kenny 's brother force owen 's head -- under water Owen plunge down , eye wide OPEN , he cheek puffed with air ...! bubble trickle from he lip ... kenny stare on bitterly as he brother hold Owen down ... see Owen 's arm flail slightly under the water , Donald and Mark exchange a look , suddenly worried that this may get out of hand ... Mark look at -- the large chronometer on the wall ... as the second hand slowly sweep ... under water Owen start to make whining sound , struggle to hold he breath ... panic fill he eye -- a stream of bubble flush from he mouth -- the bubble appear on the water 's surface , above Owen 's head -- see they , Kenny finally start to get nervous too -- kenny ( quietly ) okay , Jimmy ... kenny'a brother shut up ! beat , as they wait a bit longer ; then -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 . donald c’mon , man , this be stupid -- kenny'a brother I say shut up ! they all stare silently ; it 's start to go too far ... under water Owen be turn red ... it do not look like he can last much longer -- when suddenly -- we hear a muffled crash from above water -- unseen by owen -- a shadow sweep through the center of the pool behind he -- as if something be fly over the surface of the water -- we move in close on owen 's eye -- owen 's Pov - shallow focus stare into the clear blue water -- we barely hear what could be scream from above the pool -- and we begin to see bloody cloud billowing down from the surface -- this be the same exact image from owen 's nightmare -- they have all be a _premonition of this very moment -- !!1! something out of focus drift down into view -- it be kenny 's brother' severe head -- !!! back on owen 's face as he sees it ! behind he , a pair of wildly kicking legs be suddenly dragge just below the surface of the water , all the way across the pool , trailing cloud of blood as they go -- ! at the same time -- kenny 's brother 's headless body slump into the pool , right in front of Owen -- and the grip on owen 's head be released -- ! owen surge to the surface , coughing for AIR , slapping madly at the water -- he grab the wall -- ! we stay close on he as he gasp for AIR , panting hard , eye shut ! all around he we hear off - screen scream , mayhem , splashing -- ! then all at once , it finally stop . we hear only the sound of Owen , as he breathe slow ... a figure quietly move up next to he in the water ... he open he eye , sees -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 101 . abby' face inch from he , eye stare lovingly at he to make sure he be okay ... fleck of blood and water spatter she face ... she be like a vision . Owen smile at the sight of she . she smile back . finally , she reach over , take he hand in both of hers , press it to she cheek . close she eye . CUT to : the pool - high , wide shot - moment later a tableau of the bloody aftermath . the bully 's body lie scattered about along the edge , and inside the pool . the water be still settling . Owen and Abby be go . hold . then -- CUT to : a moving shot , down the aisle of a passenger train we be following on the back of a train conductor ... he stop , finding owen , alone in he seat , backpack at he side -- conductor scuse I , son ... can I see you ticket ? Owen hand it over . the conductor check it , then look down at the floor , see a large , cardboard carton among a few other item of luggage ; the carton stretch into the aisle -- conductor that yours ...? Owen nod . the conductor look at it , slightly annoyed , but then just walk off ... Owen stare out the window . beat . a quiet knocking begin ... from inside the box . morse code . Owen look at the carton , smile . he begin tapping a message back as the train start to move ... then he turn back to the window , look out as the train gather speed ... outside it be sunrise . he take out a piece of candy from he backpack , put it in he mouth , watch as the world move past , he back to US ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 102. owen ( sing quietly ) eat some now , save some for later ... he 's leave he old life ... for another ... we see he face reflected in the window : he look emotional . owen ( sing quieter still ) eat some now , save some for later ... and , as the train 's horn ring out , build -- we suddenly -- CUT to black . the end . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library