lethal weapon it November 1988 fade in : ext , a remote area of lax - day a United 747 barrel down the runway . it lift off and pass overhead with a deafening roar , and thats when ... martin rigg step into frame he look up at the underbelly of the jet . so low that he could count the rivet . except riggs do not appear to be in any shape to count anything . unshaven . Hair matte , a grease-stain baseball cap pull down low to keep the sun out of he blood ~ - shot eye . he raise a brown paper bag to he lip . Heaven help we . . . riggs be back in the bottle . cur to : another part of the remote area where a mercede limo pull up to a gulfstream jet . the gulfstream 's engine be revving in preparation of take off . CUT to ; martin rigg staggering drunkenly through the weed and tall grass that fringe this remote section of the airport . rigg ( sing softly ) " jingle bell , jingle bell , jingle bell . . . rock . " behind he , a Delta 727 touch down . wheel slamming against the runway ; brake squealing ; jet engine scream in reverse thrust . CUT to : the mercede and the gulfstream four men emerge from the mercede . South african . han , peter , karl and rolf . Karl pop open the trunk and several suitcase be quickly unload and place on the tarmac beside the mercede L. Peter 's eye dart furtively behind he black - out shade . Karl shut the mercede trunk lid . han pick up two of the suitcase and take a step toward the gulfstream -- then stop abruptly . why ? because a drunk be weaving towards they . riggs roll he eye . take another hit from the bottle in the brown paper sack , lick he lip . stumble . regains he balance . advance toward the man . the South african exchange a look , then han move forward to intercept riggs . han hey , buddy . where you go ? rigg ( speech slur ) anybody see a dog ? lookin ' for my dog . ran off and get lose . maybe you see he ? a brown dog ? four leg ... one tail . face like this -~ riggs contort he face into a weird expression . han come on , pal . no dog around here . han clamp he hand down firmly on riggs ' shoulder . riggs sway from side to side and give han a bleary - eye look . rigg I just gotta find that dog . know what I mean ? he 's a good dog . han spin riggs around , point he in the opposite direction and give he a shove . han go sleep it off somewhere . riggs take several wobbly step , then stop -- bend at the waist -- appear to puke he gut out . han grimace . and that 's when ... a ford bronco roar into the scene brake squealing as it skid up to the guifstream . the South african turn to look -- know instantly that something have go very wrong for they . han the suitcase ! grab the suitcase ! camera push in on rigg ' back as riggs straighten up and spin around . . . eye clear and alive ; wider than hell -~ nostril flaring ~~ arm extend , grip a silver nine millimeter beretta that flash in the midday sun . this be one very dangerous , and very sober cop we have here . rigg ( scream ) police ! freeze ! hand on the car ! legs spread apart ! now ! a unmarked police sedan skid up from another direction . roger murtaugh leap out with he pistol draw . riggs regards murtaugh with a expression that be hardly welcoming . rigg you be late ! I have to do my lose dog routine and my puke routine ! murtaugh you do not give I the signal ! rigg I give you the signal ! -~ jingle bell rock ! murtaugh the signal be jingle bell roll ! riggs stick a hand under he shirt with a disgust expression and yank out the wire he 's be wear . three cop have jump from the Ford bronco with service revolver draw . they wear jeans and distinctive satin jacket that have " l.a.p.d drug enforcement " lettere on the back . we will see this guy again . they name be : tim cavanaugh , gary price and tom wyler . they rush toward the flummox South african ... but here 's something they do not count on : the gulpstream pilot appear in the cabin doorway brandish a uzi submachine gun . a rapid burst of FIRE scatter the drug cop . they dive behind the bronco for cover . murtaugh oh , shit ! now thing happen fast ~~ riggs roll beneath the gulfstream , behind the landing gear . murtaugh drop down behind he sedan , firing off several round . han grab a suitcase , run up the board step and disappear into the gulfstream . the other South african produce weapon from beneath they coat and blast they way back into the mercede . the drug cop be pin down by uzi gunfire . murtaugh try to nail the Pilot -~- but only succeed in draw he fire . the Pilot sprays the uzi in murtaugh 's direction . murtaugh duck behind he sedan as bullet rip through the car 's hood and grill . rigg crouch low under the gulfstream 's fuselage , work he way toward the front . the revving engine be hot and noisey . now riggs be directly beneath the board staircase . the spend shell casing from the uzi submachine gun ( chatter directly overhead ) dance on the tarmac all around he . riggs grab hold of the staircase and make he move . . . fast , and with the agility of a cat , he swing out from beneath the airplane ~- pull himself upward -- face to face with the startle Pilot ~- berreta out ~~ fire exploding from its mugzel at point blank range . the Pilot be blast backwards into the gulfstream , -- the uzi spraying bullet through the roof of the fuselage as he falis . int . cockpit of gulfstream ban panic . he do not know how to fly a plane , but he want to get the hell away . . . so he push forward on the throttle just enough to put the plane into motion . outside the gulfstream riggs be on the staircase when the plane begin to taxi forward . the staircase tear away from the gulfstream 's fuselage spilling riggs to the ground . riggs tumble beneath the wing , where -- flat on he back -- he see the landing gear rolling toward he ! rigg oooohhhhhh -- { he roll out of harm 's way -- the landing gear come within inch of crush he . but now riggs must contend with the searing heat expell from the turbofan jet engine as it pass over he . the leading edge of the gulfstream wing sheer off the roof of the Ford bronco as it pass by . meanwhile ... the mercede squeal away in cloud of exhaust smoke . but in they hurry to escape with they life , the South african have forget about the two suitcase rest on the tarmac . the mercede plows into they , send they fly . one of they open . . . and bundle of U.S. currency spill out . rigg get to he foot . murtuagh rush up to he . the glufstream be roll off in one direction , and the mercede have drive off in the other . rigg ( point at gulfstream ) that one be mine ! you take the benz ! riggs do not even wait for murtaugh 's reply . he just run off after the gulfstream . murtaugh and the drug cop jump into the decapitate bronco and speed away . the mercede limo race across the perimeter of the landing field . the bronco chase after it . rigg chase the move gulfstream on foot -- run like a gazelle . he catch up to it -~ leap onto the wing from behind and hold on tight . he work he way over the wing toward the open in the fuselage where the door use to be . the bronco overtake the mercede . now they be side - by-side . gunfire be exchange out the window of the two vehicle . the mercede attempt some wild evasive turn , but the brenco stick to it like glue . rigg be on the wing of the gulfstream , he try to swing into the doorway . his foot slip . he aimost fall beneath the move plane . he hold on tight with both hand . . . but loose he beretta -- it slip from he belt azd bounce on the ground . riggs pull himself up into the airplane . int , cockfit of gulstream Close quater . very cramped . han swirl to face riggs , fire he gun . miss . riggs yank he out of the cockpit . ' the fight be on . ext , runway and infield the mercede cut diagonally across the runway , head toward the terminal area . the bronco right on its tail . they reach the airport apron . this be where the plane dock and there be considerable ground service traffic in the area . such as ... a baggage train that cross the mercede ' path . no time to aveid it ~- crash ! -- the mercede ram it ! split it apart ! Travels directly through it . luggage scattered everywhere . the bronce follow -- destroy the luggage even further -- drag article of clothing from its bumper . suddenly ... a boeing 727 that be be backed away from the gate loom up iz front of the mercede . the mercede brake -- skid iz a pool of oil -~- slews sideways out of control towards a fuel truck . Ground service crew member see it all unfold and leap for safety . int . the mercede Peter and rolf be freeze with fear . but karl , in the back seat , kick OPEN the door and bail out . ext . the mercede it smashes into the fuel truck . explosion ! FIRE ball ! the bronco swerve to avoid the inferno . Kar ] rolis across the pavement , get to he foot and run . cur to : the gulfstream roll -- with no one in control -- toward a anchor fence at the airport 's perimeter . inside the gulstream riggs and han beat the shit out of each other . han know as much about martial Arts as riggs do . both man be be brutally punish . cuT to : int . baggage depot Karl run in , shoulder he way past several baggage handlers who try to stop he , and hop onto the conveyor belt that carry the luggage into the terminal . shove suitcase and parcel aside , he run up the belt . moment later murtaugh arrive . murtaugh Police officer ! Police officer ! he flash he badge without ever break stride . and when he see the conveyor belt , he know this be where Karl have go . he leap onto the belt as well . int . terminal build ~ baggage claim Karl slide down the shute onto the baggage carousel , upend himself and several piece of luggage in the process . startle passengers react to the sight . Karl head for the exit door . but a airport security vehicle pulling up to the curb outside cause he to change girection . murtaugh slide down the shute onto the carousel , kicking piece of baggage from he path , vaulting to the floor . passenger have already become blase at the sight -~ they hardly even lock . . murtaugh spot Karl run ahead and chase he down ae.se terminal corridor patigue begin to set in for murtaugh . he run on rubber leg ; panting and puffing . up ahead be several revolving door . passenger from arrive flight be use this door to enter the baggage Claim area . Karl wait for the door to clear of people , then slip in . but guess what ? this door only turn in one direction . when push the wrong way they lock and a alarm sound . and that 's what happen to Karl , he 's trap . stuck inside the revolve door . he can not believe it . murtaugh rush towards he . camera push in on karl do he throw up he hand and surrender ? not on you life . he panic -- he raise he gun and point if at murtaugh . murtaugh swing up he own gun . at the same moment -- the three drug cop arrive from the opposite direction . all weapon explode . bystander scream and duck for cover . the revolve door be shatter and Karl 's bullet riddled body pirouttes through the break glass . murtaugh and the drug cop exchange a exhaust look as they holster they hand gun . CUT to : ext . knoll above pacific coast highway at the top of the knoll be the anchor fence that surround the Airport . the knoll slope gently downward do the busy highway below . we watch as -- the gulfstream tear through the anchor fence and slide down the embankment toward the highway . int . the gulfstream riggs and han be thrown forward as the plane drop -- tumbling head over heel down the center aisle . ext . pacific coast highway fhe gulfstream trail a giant cloud of dust as it roll across the highway . brake squeal . horn honk . traffic screech to a halt . a chain -reaction of rear~end collision result . crash ! crash ! crash ! the gulfstream continue across the highway toward a bluff that overlook the beach and the ocean below . a sheer drop that would mean certain death for riggs and han inside the plane . int , the gulfstream riggs glance through the windshield -- see the bluff approach . the hell with han , he 's get to stop the plane . and that 's just what he do -- pulling back hard on the brake lever . . but during this . . . han leap out of the plane onto the highway below . ext . the highway fhe gulfstream skid to a stop with its nose wheel dangling over the cliff . phewh ! han run along the highway . traffic have come to a complete stop for mile . people climb from they car to gawk at the spectacle . so it be not very hard for han to steal one of this car , make a U - turn and escape . ext . the gulfstream riggs appear in the doorway hold han ' suitcase . a crowd of spectator push forward to get a look at he . the Ford bronco roar up follow by two highway patrol car . siren be scream . bubble light be flashing . sense murtaugh 's authority , the crowd part , clear a path for he . riggs hop down from the gulfstream . [ '' murtaugh march up to he . riggs look pretty beat e up and very piss off . murtauge what happen ?! rigg what happen ?? I stop the plane , that 's what happen ! murtaugh where 's you guy ? rigg what about you guy ? how many collar do you make ? murtaugh no collar . Three body . but at least they do not get away . rigg get off my back , I capture a plane and a suitcase full of money ... and it 's still before lunch . murtaugh ( after a pause ) speak of lunch , be not there a hot dog stand a few mile down the beach from here ? camera pull up and away as riggs and murtaugh push they way through the crowd , someone 's car radio be playing loudly : radio '' '' '' @ knxt newsradio traffic tipster inform we that there 's a a stall jet plane tie up traffic on the Pacific Coast highway in the lax area . that 's right ! ... a stall jet plane . so if you be head in that direction , look for a alternate route or expect to be stick in traffic for most of the day . dissolve to : int . a private elevator han ride up in the elevator . his arm be in a sling . his face bruise and swollen . it int , elegant office - day the private elevator open directly into the office , which be tastefully , and expensively , appoixt with antique and oriental rug . han enter the office , which at first glanse seem empty . then we notice he . seat not at zis desk , but at a small table where he be eat he lunch . his name be arjen rudd rudd hans. come in . sit down over here . rudd indicate the chair across the table from he . as han come forward , he realize that he 's walking on a sheet of plastic that have be laid over the carpet . rudd De not mind the plastic . I be have some painting do . ( beat ) sit down . han sit . rudd be enjoy a thick steak ior lunch . he slice off a piece and slide it into hiz mouth . han sit nervously , wait for rudd to spzak . rudd so tell I , han -- what go wrsag ? the police be wait . we los : a considerable amount of money , ncz to mention the airplane . han I do not know , Mr. rudd . I workei out every detail myself . I leave nothing to chance . rudd I see. ( beat ) dust bad luck , huh ? rudd calmly cut another piece of steak ané sop it into he mouth . han I think it be inevitable . takicg the money out in small shipment be much too slow and much too dangezsus . we should do it all at one time , in one enormous shipment . rudd do not reply to this suggestion . in fact , he change the subject completely . [ t rudd how 's the arm ? you all right ? ( smile ) live to fight another day ? han relax . reassured by rudd 's expression of concern . han yes , sir . I be fine . thank you . rudd sometimes thing simply do not turn out as we plan they . ( smile ) this steak , for example . " cajun " style . look , it 's all black . do you like it that way , han ? han well , I ... do not know . rudd here . I want you to taste this and tell I what you think . rudd slice off a piece of steak for han , spear it with he fork and offer it to he . as han lean forward to take the piece of meat in he mouth , we hear : phhhitt ! and han be propel backward in he chair . a bullet through he forehead . mr . benedict appear , have enter from the bathroom , hold a silenced pistol in he hand . he 's a wiry , loose - jointed weasle with madness in he eye and a perpetual smirk play upon he lip . he look down at han ' body . blood be pump from he head wound onto the plastic sheet . benedict you give new meaning to the word '' dropcloth , " Mr. rudd . benedict remove the rolex watch from han ' wrist before wrapping up the body in the plastic . rudd certain policeman in this city have become a intolerable nusiance . benedict I be say the same thing just the other day . maybe you hear my speech before the junior League . rudd be familiar with benedict 's peculiar sense of humor . he proceed without reaction : rudd be you team assemble ? benedict ready and wait . ( meaning the rolex : ) say , can I keep this ? rudd voice no objection as benedict slip the watch onto he wrist . rudd han be a incompetent piece of shit .. . but he have one good idea in he life , and he just give it to I : one big shipment , that 's exactly what we be go to do . move it all out at once . benedict you be go to need something bigger than a suitcase for that . rudd that can be arrange . ( beat ) now , about this cop . . . how do we handle they ? benedict ready to declare war ? rudd not if we do not have to . benedict then let 's fire a warning shot across they bow . hope they get the message . rudd remove a photograph from a folder . rudd have a look . benedict take the photo . . . it 's a picture of murtaugh . ( 3.a benedict who 's this ? rudd he 's the cop in charge . benedict practically lick he lip . benedict oh this be go to be lovely . int . police squad room murtaugh stride across the room . captain murphy fall into step with he . murphy have you hear the grand total ? five point six million . murtaugh whistle ; impressed at the amount . camera pan to find rigg . seat in a chair , struggle to free himself from a straight jacket while the drug cop ( wyler , price and cavanaugh} look on . wyler give it up , riggs . murtaugh and Captain Murphy arrive . 6 to thee / 4 > price one minute , fifteen second . murphy what 's go on ? . cavanaugh houdini here 's bet we he can free himself inside of five minute . murtaugh reach into he pocket and pull out a roll ef bill . murtaugh I will cover that bet . how much ? wyler save you money , sarge . one minute , riggs . riggs be building up to something . strain against the jacket , he face flush and the vein in he neck pop out ... '' ricc '' do not try this at ingme , boy and girl ... “® xy that 's when we hear a loud pop ! and riggs wince in pain . murtaugh know exactly what riggs be up to . murtaugh ( smile ) it 's all over now . the drug cop be startle to see riggs suddenly wiggling free of the jacket . here 's one hand -- and there 's another . he unhook the jacket and slip it off . the drug cop be astound . they also moan and groan over have lose the bet . . price how would you do that ? rigg '' dislocate my shoulder once ... I can make it pop out if I want to . wyler do not that hurt ? riggs have now get to he foot . /§ rigg oh , yeah . but not as much as when I pop it back in which he do -- by slamming he shoulder against the wall , then clenching he jaw against the pain . murtaugh why do you do this to yourself ? rigg I can not resist a challenge . besides -- ( as he scoops up he winning ) -- I need the money . murtaugh go to the coat rack and grab he sport coat . riggs follow he over . rigg let 's you and I try out@he new special down at the chy i Palace . mu gh ( slip on he jacket ) can not tonight . ( beat ) what be it ? rigg chili pizza . murtaugh make a disgust face at the very sound of it . murtaugh ( softly ) rianne 's commercial be on tonight . rigg rianne 's in a commercial ?! murtaugh hey . not so loud . rigg what 's the matter ~- be not you proud of she ? murtaugh do not know . have not see it yet . ( hushed ) what if she stink ? /@ rigg you kid ? she 's gonna by dynamite . oturn to address the entire squad room ) hey ! listen up . tonight ... ( to murtaugh ) what time ? murtaugh c'mon , man . rigg what time ?! murtaugh ( reluctantly ) eight~fifteen . rigg what channel ? murtaugh ( still reluctang@y ) five. oe riggs turn back to face the bquad room again . spice tonight . Channel five at eight - fifteen . the commercial debut of rianne murtaugh . the sarge 's beautiful daughter . do not miss it . riggs smile at murtaugh , but murtaugh just give he a sour look in return . murtaugh she better not stink . ext . murtaugh's house - night murtaugh 's sedan pull into the driveway next to he fishing boat on its trailer . riggs glide up to the curb in he pickup truck . both man climb out . murtaugh follow I . wanna show you something . murtaugh lead riggs around to the back of the house . ext . rear of house 4 room addition be be add to the murtaugh house . the frame be up . some drywall . the window be in , murtaugh and riggs enter the room by walk between two of the frame stud , {t : int . the room addition a long-haire , 30 year old carpenter be down on he knee use a pneumatiac nail gun to install the plywood sub-fleor . each applicaticn of the gun generate a loud thawomp ! sound . murtaugh work late tonight . the carpenter look up , do not even know riggs and murtaugh be stand there . carpenter yeah , want to get this sub-flooring @own today . thawomp ! thawomp ! thawomp ! murtauge do not anybody use hammer anymore ? enter what 's a hannes® murtaugh ( stake he head ) that 's wagt I think . rigg whaddaya building here , rog ? murtauge hobby room , riggs nod . silence . then -- murtauge I can retire when I be fifty~two , you know . get almost full benefit until I be fifty ~ five when the whole free ride kick in . rigg fifty -two , huh ? murtaugh only a couple month away . rigg you wanna retire ? murtaugh be think about it ... ( pause ) . . . ever since I meet yeu . / %. rigg thanks . mirtaugh anyway , now that I get I a hebby room , all I gottz do be -- risg ~- find a hobby . they laugh together while eztering the house through a hole in the wall . int . the live room thundering feet bound down the stair : twelve year - old nick murtaugh and he eight vear-cld sister , carrie . they run into the live rozm where murtaugh , riggs , trish murtaugh ( Roger 's wif ) and 19 year - old rianne have already gather to watsh the tv . ( rianne , by the way , be a total knock czt . ) c2rrie almost time ! be wotape this ? atessh yes , honey . qe 's zan watch it over and over again . nick let 's watch wrestle instead ! rianne Nick ! do not ruiz this for I ! teish Nick ! this be important to you sister . Nick make a face . murtausgi , meanwhile , be adjust the tv picture . mirtaugh Color 's not good . rianne daddy ! ... teisr Color 's fine , hezey . sit down . mirtaugh want my baby the lock good . nick fry unplugge it . / 7 . even riggs have to stifle a grin at this . rianne Nick ! murtaugh step away from the set with a appraise look . rigg perfect picture , rog . murtaugh ( unconvince ) think so ? ... murtaugh be about to sit on the sofa when he notice GEORGE for the first time . George be rianne 's boy friend . murtaugh who 's this ?! rianne that 's George , daddy . GEORGE hi ... sir . 9 8 murtaugh George . . . do I ky you ? GEORGE yes , sir . do not you remember ? last week when I pick up rianne . we have a long talk . . murtaugh clearly have no recollection of this whatsoever . murtaugh we do ? about what ? GEORGE you new hobby room , sir . murtauge do we get along , George ? I mean , aid you get the sense that I like you ? GEORGE yes , sir . I do . very much so . . murtaugh okay . you can stay . but move dcwn . George move over on the sofa make room for murtaugh . everyone 's attention be glue to the tv . rianne it 's come on ! it 's come on ! I be so nervous -- then , she see herself on tv . . . and scream ! rianne -- here it isi ! this be riannens commercial : she smile into the camera , a big , beautiful smile . be this a toothpaste commercial ? then she turn and run away from camera . we realize she 's on a beach '' . '' and she 's wear the smallest bikini ever made . she run into the arm of a male model whe be also wear a bathing suit . announcer ( v.o. ) now , more than ever , love need all the protection it canget . rianne and the male model kisshas a packet of condom be super over they . gt 4 , announcer ( v.0 . ) be not it better . . . when you know it 's safe ? then , rianne and the male model turn toward the camera and intone : rianne & male model we think so ! and that 's the end of it . trish hit the mute button on the remote . the room fall silent . murtaugh be glaring threatenly at riggs , who squirm in he seat . finally , rianne break the silence . rianne I look fat . trish no , you do not , honey . GEORGE I like it ! murtaugh George ..-. Zi GEORGE yes , sir ? murtaugh go home . GEORGE but -- murtauge -~ George , I have a gun . George leap up from the sefa and head for the door . rianne go after he . . murtaugh trish . take the kid upstairs . trish know that tone of voice . she shco Nick and carrie up the stair . murtaugh begin to advance on riggs . riggs get the he foot . rigg '' now wait a minute , R xr . she be great , she look gr@at . what 's the matter with yqae ! ajurtaugh twelve month in act school ! four thousand buck tuition ! for what ?! so my kid can run across the beach half naked sell rubber to teenager ! rigg / she be very good , Roger . murtaugh . now wait and see -- cop never let up . I be gonna get rubber on my desk , rubber in the mail . rubber in my coffee cup ... because you tell everybedy to watch ! trish now come between they . trish have you two have any dinner ? let I fix you something to eat . murtaugh I be goin ' for a walk , but he want a chili pizza ! murtaugh stalk out of the house . rigg ( to trish ) sandwich would be fine . int , the kitchen riggs lean against the kitchen counter , stand up , eat a sandwich as trish unload the dishwasher . riggs watch she as if mesmerize by this simple domestic chore . perhaps she feel he gaze , because she turn to look at he . trish you be welcome to sit at the table , rigg I like to eat stand up . ( hand she he empty plate } thanks . trish take the plate -~ look into riggs ' eye -~ see he troubled look . '' anal ( very syqeathetically ) something wrong ? riggs do not answer ight away . rigg four year ago this week ... that 's when Vicki die ... can not get it out of my mind . trish be it something you want to talk about ? riggs light up a cigarette , shake out the match , take & pull on it , expell the smoke . trish take this as a '' no , '' trish you do not have to . but riggs want to . he go right into it . 23 @ rigg the phone be ringing when I walk in the door . must have be ten er eleven at night . I answer the phone and get the news . she be dead . kill in a car crash , and then I remember go down on my knee , shaking all over and think , '' here igo . I be lose it . " so now I be lie on the floor of the live room .. . see under the couch . . . and there 's my Cross pen I be look all over for . and then I hear a voice ... like a drill instructor .. . say , '' get up -- now ! " but I stay down . and the voice keep tell I to get up . and then I do something weird . I decide to stop cry , just to see if I conld . and I could . and then . . . I stretch my mouth into a smile . I wagghurt , but my muscle still wh&ke . . . and I stand up . after Mat , I drive to the morgue . idantify the body . and sign the pi ' ss with my Cross pen . trish be move by the sbory . but riggs himself be unfaze '' + '' almost detach from it . rigg iocan talk about it . it do not hurt to talk about it . trish then what dee ? because you 's sure as hell have some other demon inside of you . rigg {after a moment ; he expression now fill with emotion ) I be cheating on she , trish . the night she die . . . I be with somebody else . trish do not know what to say ... but now she become aware of murtaugh stand in the kitchen doorway . riggs turn and see he , too . murtaugh you never tell I that . '' @ 24 rigg I know . murtaugh that 's what make you crawl into the bottle . riggs nod he head . murtaugh man should be faithful to he wife . some man just can not . that 's you . but you do not cause the accident , Martin . what you do do not make it happen , riggs put he ' hand on murtaugh 's shoulder . rigg you be right , cochise . ( beat ) it just make it harder to live with . ext . driveway of house ~ nage : 8 riggs emerge from the hoyse to find rianne and George lean against he car qtalk . ' % rigg you be great , rianne . rianne positively light up . rianne you mean it , Martin ? rigg I think you have get a big future ahead of you . she 's practically swoon . George be become a little jealous . riggs see it , and try to include he . rigg - do not you agree , George ? George open he mouth to speak , but do not get a word out . rianne George be go home . he 's afraid of daddy . rigg George , let 's have a talk . 'ot Zf . riggs put he arm around George 's shoulder and take he aside in a fatherly manner . rigg stick around . it 's a big night for rianne . do not let she down . GEORGE but , sir ... Mr. murtaugh have a gun . rigg that 's true , George . ( beat ) but on the other hand , he be not a very good shot . with that comforting word , and a encourage slap on the back , riggs take he leave of George and rianne . ext . beach - rigg ' trailer - night riggs enter he trailer . int . the trailer ge well , this place have not be cManea up since the last time we see it . qe riggs head straight for * xhe fridge , where he remove a bottle of beer , angle the neck against the table edge and knock off the cap with the palm of he hand . he pick up the remote Control , turn on the tv and settles back on the sofa to watch . riggs ' dog , SAM , enter the trailer through a doggie door in the floor and jump onto the sofa next to riggs . rigg {to Sam ) I know we usually watch the Three stooge at this time , but tonight there 's a documentary on Public tv about the coral diver cf the great barrier reef . how 's that sound to you ? , ( pause ) you be right . screw the diver . go with the stooge . ext , murtaugh's house - night all be quiet in the house and the neighborhood . 26 int . murtauge's house - night camera moving . . . prowling through the house ... up the stair ... into tre bedroom where murtaugh and trish be alseep . murtaugh turn over restlessly . something 's bother he . what be it ? a open window , cold breeze and banging window shade , half asleep , m : the window sh . -- clatter Li the room ... taugh get up to close the window . slip from he finger -- snap up oly . moonlight stream in , fill and that 's whe : murtuagh see the most frightening thing he 's ever seer in he entire life -- everybody 's most primative nightmare : five hooded fisure stand by the bed ! even a cop be not ready for this . g® murtaugey oh , Jesus Christ . £ 95 ! that 's all he get to say b fore he 's grab and violently shove face - dewn upon the bed . trish awaken -- start the scream -~ a glove hand smashes over she mouth . murtaugh struggle -- face press into a pillow -- unable to breathe . a pair of sissirs be hold up ! trish 's eye go wide . what be this creep go to do , anyway ?! and then . . . a roll of silver duct tape be produce . a three foot length of tape be ripped off the roll and cut with the sissor , another secticn be ripped off and cut . two more quickly after that -- 3ip , rip . never have the sound convey such a sinister or terrifying quality . the hood fiezre work with incredible speed and skili . in quick cut we see : trish 's eye tape close . . . mouth tape shut ... wrist wrapped and secure to the headboard . .. ankle wrapped and secure to the footboard , and murtaugh . . . arm pull nehind he back ~- wrist wrapped with tape . ankle wrafpfd with tape . more tape be need -- rip , R rip . murtaugh flipe over , face up , gasp for air . eye tape cose . . . mouth tafe :s UT , hool=> figure ( to murtaus . wonder about ye wonder what we man , I would be gcing King nut right now if I be yeu . i'd be go completely bananas ! wanna know ? should I tell you ? ( beat ) let you imaginatic= run wild ! kid , murtaugh ?! to they ?! ( we recognize the hood figur 's voice ; it 's benedict . ) trish sob , body convulse .qvyartaugh struggle , grunting . groaning , go crazy . % 8 benec ict this have be a warcing , murtaugh . after this , thing zet bloody . | back off . do not be a focl . be smart . stay alive . with that , the hood figure iepart . it take murtaugh a moment to even realize they be go . rianne and Nick appear at the ioorway . riakue Mom ! dad ! nick oh , shit ! they run to the bed and gently pull the tape from they parent 's eye and mouth . trise oh , baby ! you oxksy !? murtaugh where 's carrie !? then carrie run in cry . e climb onto the bed . murtaugh tear free one hand ezd try to hug and comfort they all . Le ne int . captain murphy' office - day riggs , murtaugh , Captain Murphy and officer wyler , price and cavanaugh be present . riggs be in constant motion , get up ; sit down ; look out the window . all the time smoking like a fiend -- despite the sign display prominently on Murphy 's desk that say , thank you for not smoking . a cloud of smoke hang ever riggs ' head like he own private inversion layer . murtaugh I do not see anybody 's face . they all have on hood . the one guy who speak sound like a psycho , that 's for sure , murphy the first thing you betger do be move you family out of tre® rouse . _-mgfipaugh already do ... this morning , they be stay with mish 's sister in bellflower , I even tell the carpenter to take the week off . murphy good . wyler the problem with this drug scum be they do not play by the rule . rigg we can play as dirty as they can . cavanaugh . well , you can , riggs . you will have to give the rest of we some pointer . wyler and price laugh at the joke . but not riggs . he take this very seriously . rigg '' be happy the . there 's a tone of gravity in he voice that chill the air . murtaugh {to all ) we get more arrest ketween the six cf we than the rest of the department combine . if the drug dealer be gonna make war on cop , they be gonna start with we . ( beat ) how do you all feel about that ? cavanaugh fuck ‘em . price go for I . wyler 1 play quaterback in college . I get practice be a target . murtaugh okay . that 's what ry ede to hear . ( beat ) 's riggs ? . a riggs give murtaugh a bpok that say , '' you mean you really have to ask ? " . murtauge then it 's business as usual . rigg . what about you , Roger ? we be all bachelor . you get a family . murtaugh flash he a look . murtaugh meaning what ? . rigg that maybe you should sit this one out . we think murtaugh 's go to bite riggs ' head off at the suggestion . . . but then he surprise we with a very wide smile . murtaugh shit , riggs . . . you just wanna drive . rigg huh ? ... murtauge that 's right . you just wanna sit behind the wheel . . . which you know yeu will never de as long as we be partner because I have seniority , meaning = get to choose who drive , and I always choose I . rigg well , now that you mention it -~ murtaugh -- see ! I know it . rigg you bring it up . and you be not not even a safe driver ! murtaugh '' - not safe ?! -~- ricc 9 '' ~~ hot dog in one ham , large Coke between you thigth -- '' -murtaugh ~- while you stick you head out the window like a sheep dog -- Captain Murphy get to he foot . murphy okay ! settle this on you own time . riggs and murtaugh glare at each other . the other begin to file out . riggs and murtaugh be about to exit as well . . murphy wait a minute , you two , riggs and murtaugh stop in the doorway . murphy I get something special for you boy . guy by the name of -- ocheck the file in front of he ) -- getz. Leo getz . have be place in protective custody . you two be gonna babysit this guy until the Federal marshal show up from Washington . riggs and murtaugh do not like this one bit . ny @ murtaugh cpoint at riggs ) you agree with he , do not you !? you want I sideline ! murphy i never agree with riggs . rigg ( to Murphy ) how long ? murphy scon as all the red tape be process . couple , three day . ( beat ) look . . . this guy 's gonna testify before a Commission inquiry . this be not a shit assignment . 9 '' guise x murpry no , it 's not ! I have quaranteed this guy 's safety . you two be the most qualified man for the. job . yes it be . wo , g murtaugh what a load of bull ! rigg what be we suppose to do with he ? murphy how the hell should I know ! take he to . disneyland . murtaugh fume . riggs angrily light up he third cigarette , fill the air with smoke . murphy if I run this department by the book , you guy would be relieved of duty for seven day after what happend out at the airport . plus .. . three hour each of consultation with the Department shrink . but I know you guy would not take a suspension , and the shrink refuse the see you , riggs , so consider yourselves lucky . rigg still stink . 52 . murpry I do not give a fuck . ( beat ) that 's why I do not have a ulcer .. because I know when to say , " I do not give a fuck . " Murphy rip a piece of paper from a pad and hand it to murtaugh . murphy this be where he 's stay . murtaugh glance at the address . murphy Nice hotel . all expense be be pick up by the justice Department , so enjoy yourselves . murtaugh and riggs head for the decor . murphy oh , riggs ... omg more thing . Murphy pick up the sign oo} he desk , the one that say thank you for not smokgfé . '' | murphy ( continue ) De you know what this say ? riggs look at it , take a hit from he cigarette and smile . rigg ; yeah . . . but I do not give a fuck . and the two partner be out the door . int . unmarked police sedan - drive - day riggs be sit in the passenger seat with a bemuse expression on he face . camera pan along he line of sight to ~- murtaugh behind the wheel , hot dog in one hand , large Coke between he thigh . murtaugh feel riggs ' gaze , but do not look over . murtaughe screw you . '' rigg do not you even wonder what it would be like to eat a hot deg with two hand ? — murtaugh nope . riggs can only shake he head in defeat . ext . beverly hilton HOTEL - pcol area - ~ day riggs and murtaugh stride across the crowded pool deck . as usual , everyone be sun themselves and virtually nobody be in the water . riggs smoke and grin and enjoy the flirtatious glance ef several gorgeous woman . he even pause to help one stunning blonde apply some suntan oil the she back . blonde thanks . S rebe {gallaatly ) of serve and qrotect . 's blonde come back ? rigg Count on it . murtaugh smile tolerantly at he partner 's behavior , and the two man continue on . murtaugh glad to see you be come out of you shell a little . cur to : int . HOTEL kitchen swirl with activity . we attention be direct toward a room service waiter . as he wheel the cart away , camera follows he down a corridor and into a -~ service elevator the waiter lift the the silver dome from a dish and place a automatic pistol onto a plate of ham & egg . cur tc : 14 int . HOTEL corridor riggs and murtaugh arrive at the door they be lcoke for . murtaugh this be it . room 612 . riggs knock . a voice be heard from within . voice who 's there ? rigg Police . voice how do I know you be really the police ? rigg after I shoot you through the door you can examine ghe bullet . now open up ! '' int . the HOTEL rqoig ? leo getz immediat¥ly open the door allow riggs and murtaugh to enter . it 's a large suite -- two bedroom and a live room . leo ( with a chuckle ) — I get it . good cop , bad cop . murtaugh shutup . _ leo oh. bad cop , bad cop . Leo getz be a affable little guy in he mid-thirty , with a ready smile , slicked back hair and a expensive ( though conservative ) wardrobe . riggs and murtaugh walk right past he -- scoping out the room -- glance out the window -- into the bedroom and bathroom . murtaugh you Leo getz ? leo Leo getz . that 's my name . {beat ) : whatever you need . . . Leo get . riggs and murtacgh exchange a look , but do not laugh . murtaugh I 'z sst. murtaugh . this be sgt. riggs . leo great . Nice to meet ya . what should I call you guy ? rigg sou. murtaugh and sgt. riggs . murtaugh we be gonna be you shadow for a few day , leo. leo wow , okay . Fine with I . two big , strezg shadow -- rigg ( point ) ~~ tris bedroom over here . that 's gonna be czr . q eo my stuff 's al@dady in -- ( a riggs fix he with a wither lock ) | -~ it 's yours . my stuff be go . I be in the small bedroom . murtaugh ( the Leo ) let 's get something straight right away . okay ? leo sure . what ? _ murtaugh we co not like you . leo yeu Zo not ? why not ? rigg becezse we have to sit in this hotel and watch . you all day and all night . do that sound like fun to you , Leo ? leo not much . no. 36 rigg see what I mean ? now , another knock at the door . riggs and murtaugh react . leo can I get that ? rigg & murtaugh no ! leo just room service . murtaugh head for the door . leo by the way , you guy hungry ? I coulée call down for more . it 's free . murtauqh no it 's not , leo. 's pay for with taxpayer dollar . * sz0 same thing . *» murtaugh look through the peephole to be certain it 's room service , then open the door . the waiter roll in the cart and park it in front of the window . he react to the sight of murtaugh and riggs , but nobody notice except we . riggs lift the silver dome . we expect he to find 's Ham & egg & a gun . . . but he do not . there be a order of hamburger and fries instead . . rigg come get you hamburger , Leo . now the waiter reach down into the lower compartment , where he have move the plate contain the gun . leo hey , I do not order a hamburger . I order egg . this cause riggs to turn back in the waiter 's direction ~- just in time to see the gun coming up from behind the serving cart . — rigg gun ! riggs and Leo throw themselves at the waiter , they bump head loudly in the process , but riggs be able to grab the waiter 's hand , and the gun discharge into the ceiling . murtaugh draw he gun , but can not get a clear shot because riggs and Leo be struggle with the waiter . Leo be enly get in the way ... and now he throw everybody off balance . riggs , Leo , the waiter and the serve cart crash through the sixth story window -- pull the drape with they . ext . HOTEL pool hear the shatter of glass from above , the blonde whe riggs talk to earlier look up to see threr men and a serve cart fall from the sky trail @ window curtain like a unopen parachute . splash ! right into the pool 's deep end . underwater tangled in the window curtain and lose within a malestrom of bubbles , riggs , Leo ang the waiter struggle ina violent underwater balle® . back in the HOTEL roo murtaugh look cut the break window to the pool below . then he race out the door . ext . the pool the waiter explode out of the water and start to climb from the pool , but riggs grab he by the belt and try to pull he back . he would have more luck if Leo be not clinging to riggs ' neck . rigg let go ! all three fall back under the water . sunbather look on with horrify expression ; freeze in place ; incapable of lend assistance . then riggs pop up again . he 's get a grip on the waiter , who now have the window curtain wrapped around he head , riggs punch he hard in the face several time until a blood stain appear on the curtain . riggs feel the waiter go limp in he arm , Fe unwrap the curtain and discover that he's be beat up leo ! ne 35 Leo 's nose be bleed and he wear a daze expression , rigg shit ! turn , he see the waiter escape on the opposite side of the pool . riggs drop Leo , who immediately begin to sink . . . and riggs goe back to save he . murtaugh run from the building toward the pool with he gun draw . people see it and scream . some scatter . other just get in he way . murtaugh freeze ! Police ! hold it right there ! the waiter see mutaugh come and run like hell . full shot - the pool area & g® murtaugh aim he gun . % murtaugh everybody down ! some people get down -- cther do not . they just yell and run . bump into each other , obstruct murtaugh 's line of fire , force he to lower he gun . and the waiter escape . riggs swim to the edge of the pool , drag leo. murtaugh give they a hand out . Leo look bewilder , and he 's swallow a lot of water , and he nose be bleed all over the place . murtaugh ( to riggs , meaning Leo 's bloody nose ) do you do that ?! rigg ithink sc ... murtaugh good ! int . unmarked sedan - drive Leo in back with he luggage , he nose stuff with cotton . murtaugh drive . riggs in the passenger seat , smoking up a storm and soaking wet . 'ot 39 . murtaugh somebody 's try to kill you , Leo . rigg ( between puff ) what the hell would you do ? Witness a murder or something ? leo oh , heaven no . nothing like that . murtaugh then what ? leo ( matter -of -factly ) for the last five year I have be launder money for the biggest narcotic trafficking ring on the West Coast . riggs almost swallow he cigarette . start to cough . murtaugh pound he on the bag 8 . gt CUT to : int . office of arjem , rudd - day benedict stand by the window , look out . he light up a thin cigar . * rudd be at he desk , with the telephone to he ear . re hang up without ever say a word . rudd {to benedict ) miss . he get away . benedict wince at the news . but when he turn to face rudd , he 's smirk as usual -~ and look down at the floor , as if check the carpet around he foot . rudd what be you do ? benedict just check to see if I be stand on plastic . int . murtaugh's house ~ the kitchen - day riggs , murtaugh and Leo sit at the kitchen table . riggs be wear one of murtaugh 's bath robe . leo it take I ten year to work my way up from teller to assistant manager . but I be kore -- know what I mean ? where be al ] the adventure and excitement they promise we at Business School ? so I start prepare tax return on the side , you know , to pick up the slack . and that 's all go fine except . . . still way too tame . the buzzer on the clothes dryer scund . Leo get tr . empty the dryer . bring riggs he clothes . rigg thanks . riggs take off he robe and begin to get dress , leo anyway , I be do tax return now for some pretty strange pecple . they be give out signal . JI be give out signal ... g® more what kind of sign@l¥ ? yz0 '' action ! action ! action ! murtaugh right ... riggs be buttone up the front of he shirt . leo how 's that shirt feel ? Nice ? I use one of that frabic soften strip . they really work , do not they ? rigg ( smile ) it 's great , Leo . leo and I will tell you something else . even if the label say dry clean only , you can hand wash it in cold water and save yourself a fortune . ( slap he forehead ) wow ! it just hit I ! what a weird thing . I be good at laundry . . . and I also launder meney . rigg how would you do it ? leo okay . they bring the cash into the bank and deposit it into the account of a dummy Finance company license out of the Bahamas . ( beat ) sometimes this take all day , because we can not do it all in one deposit , murtaugh why not ? leo the Bank secrecy act. ( beat ) all cash deposit or withdrawals of ten thousand dollar or mere generate @ctr. , . " currency transaction record " , . . which go to the IRS . murtaugh that 's good . leo 9 no , that 's bad . ee @ my job a lot harder . y rigg 's that 's what 's good about it , Leo . leo anyway .. . after al ] the deposit have be make , I turn around and issue they a cashier 's check for the amount of the total deposit minus @ commission . ( beat ) cashier check be wonderful instrument . as good as cash , but they do not generate a report to the irs . murtauge so now the money be wash , right ? 42 leo yeah . but there 's more .. , ( beat ) the cashier check be treat as a loan . the '' lender '' be the dummy Finance company . there 's loan document to support it . they can even take a tax deduction on the interest payment they be net make . murtaugh Leo . . . you be a crook . leo it get even better . ready for this ? ( beat ) I be scamm this guy for month now , the drug lord . I be hold back on they . murtaugh what ?! leo yeah . it be ea all that cash transacti '' million of dollar change h '' who 's gonna miss ten thousa ere , or twenty thousand there ? rigg the bad guy . leo good answer . and that 's why I be in such deep shit right now . I have be live out of a suitcase for week , move from hotel to hotel . rigg how much do you get away with , Leo ? leo none of you business . besides , I take it from drug dealer . be that really a crime ?! murtaugh I do not believe this guy . rigg ( the Leo ) who be the dealer you be work for ? a a @ 10 1 I can not tell you everything . gotta save some cf this stuff fer the Commission of inquiry . {proudly } I be suppose the be the '' star witness . " rigg . I save you life today , Leo . do not that stand for anything ? murtaugh roll he eye at riggs ' transparent tactic . leo well . . . I really should not be tell you this ... riggs be hang onto every word . rigg yeah , yeah ... leo - '' . the same guy you bust at the airport . riggsh the South African . leo that 's why '' they have all that cash on they . they be not wash it locally anymore . murtauge thanks to you . leo one man can make a difference . Leo reach forward with cupped hand to catch the ash fall from riggs ' cigarette . then he deposit it into the sink , rigg {to murtaugh ) I think we strike oil here , Roger ! ( to Leo ) tell we about they operation . leo I only delt with one guy . name " han . " never use last name . e@ murtaugh he would bring the cash to you ? leo always , right the the bank . that 's the only place I ever see he ... ( beat ) oh. except once . at a party in bel Air . rigg where in bel Air ? : leo somebody 's house , in the canyon . murtaugh which canyon ? leo above sunset . all they cenyonay sre above sunset , Leo . give we the I '' '' have Leo think about this for a moment . e N . leo Nah . can not come up with it . riggs lock disappointed . leo ( continue ) but I could take you there . riggs brighten . he slide on he shoulder holster . murtauge ( to riggs ) hold on . we be just suppose to sit on this guy . rigg do not be a killjoy , rog. c'mon . we be back . we be bad . you be black . I be mad . this be gonna be great ! murtaugh get up from the table with a very dubious expression on he face . e ext . narrow canyon road - day it 's so lush and overgrown with bush and tree that it 's hard to believe we be only ten minute away from beverly Hills . a tow truck block most of the narrow road while the . operator connect the towing bar to the undercarriage of a stall honda . murtaugh 's folice sedan can be see approach . int . police sedan Leo lean forward from the back seat , point out the window . leo this be it . right here . this be the place . murtaugh you sure this time ? leo g® yeah , yeah . I reyember the fountain . S the house itself cannot ke see from the road -~ hedge and tree block the view , but there be a marble fountain visible , and this be what Leo recognize . murtaugh pull up behind the tow truck . riggs jump out . Leo try to follow he , rigg ( to Leo ) stay here . ext . the road the tow truck be block the driveway . riggs and murtaugh walk around it . murtaugh {to tow truck Operator ) anybody home here ? operator how the hell should I know ? rigg ( to murtaugh ; under he breath} helpful citizen . 46 the partner walk up the driveway where a mercede 450 sl be park . ext . front yard of house the house come into view . a ultra-modern glass palace . murtaugh keep you shooter under wrap . do not wanna give some innocent taxpayer a coronary . rigg nobody . who life in a house like this can be completely innocent . they carefully circle the house until a commanding view of los angele -- from the wilshire District to marina bel rey -- present itself . . % a reverse angle se reveal the house to be pped up on stilt . most of the house and the gptire back deck precariously overhang the canyon . 47 rigg and murtaugh walk across the deck . rigg Nice view , huh ? they pass a large sliding glass door . they see a man inside the house lift weight . murtaugh what have we get here ? rigg the body beautiful . int . the house the man be tall , well build and blonde -- like the hitmen from the open scene . he lift a heavy barbell over he head as he face a mirrore wall . his back be to the slide giass door , but he can see riggs and murtaugh in the mee suddenly , he spin . . a sun the barbell through the plate glass windor . qp ext . the deck 's the window explode . the barbell sail through the air , slamming into rigge and murtaugh . knock they backwards . riggs ' gun be draw even before he crash down onto the deck . and it 's a good thing , because the weightlifting hitman have grab up a uzi . riggs get off several rapid shot . the hitman 's uzi sprays wildly . potte plant on the deck rail explode and shatter into small bit . murtaugh and riggs pump lead right back at he , until the hitman flee out the back door . ext . driveway the hitman run from the house . he 's about to leap into the 450 sl park there when he realize that the tow truck be blocking the driveway . his only choice ? absolutely . he run down the driveway and jump into the tow truck . the tew truck cperater have just finish hook up the disabled Honda when he hear he truck 's motor roar to life . operator hey ! riggs and murtaugh arrive just as the truck squeal away . . . pull the Honda behind it . riggs leap onto the back of the tow truck . murtaugh ( yell to riggs ) do not kill he ! murtuagh make a dash for he own vehicle . int . police sedan murtaugh jump in behind the wheel and fire up the motor . Leo begin to climb over from the back seat . murtaugh what be you do ?! leo see better up here ! murtuagh shove Leo backwards igw the rear seat , 8 speed down the narrow eanyon road . riggs be work he way up toward the truck 's cab , hold onto the towing boom for support -- take care not to be see in the rearview mirror , the tow truck the truck be take the curve at dangerous speed cause the Honda it 's towing to fishtail in all direction . the police sedan roar up behind the speed tow truck , murtaugh can see what riggs be up to , close on rigg as he tap the barrel of he pistol against the cab 's rear window to get the hitman 's attention . the hitman glance over he shoulder . riggs smile , as if to say '' surprise , asshole ! " but instead of slow down . . . the hitman accelerate , and the truck surge forward . riggs look dismay . a mge for 44 the hitman reach down with he leave hand -- pull a smal ] automatic pistol from a ankle holster -~ and fire it over he right shoulder through the cab' rear window ! rigg pull away as the window explode in he face , and the bullet graze he cheek . four more shot follow through the back of the cab 's wall . riggs leap onto the truck's roof to escape the vclley . int , the police sedan murtaugh stay close on the truck 's tail . .. and be startle to see that riggs be now cling to the roof . int . cab of tow . truck the hitman hear riggs on the recf and . . . slam down hard on the brake . squealing and skidding . rigg be propel forward ~- bounceg @n the hood , then roll off the front of the truck , 2 ctly into its path ! well , this would seem to '' the end of riggs , because he would certainly be upush beneath the truck . but of course we know it be not ... a reverse angle on the truck find riggs clinging to a small triangular platform protrude from the truck 's front bumper . ( this platform hold a winch & cable rig use to pull car cut of mud or soft sand . ) riggs straddle the winch , he leg out in front of he , the heel of shoe scraping on the pavement as it speed beneath he . tee hitman check he side mirror -- see that murtaugh be still behind he . full shot - winding canyon road the tow truck thunder around the hairpin turn , crossing the center line -- the Honda it 's towing whip back and forth . murtaugh 's sedan match the tow truck 's every move . St rigg ' Pov imagine be strapped to the bumper of a speed vehicle -- that 's the perspective riggs have on the worle right now , and it be not very comforting . the pavement be whizzing by only inch below he . he 's totally unprotect -- a head~on collision would smash he like a bug . and this be exactly the think that occur to riggs as the truck cross the center line directly inte the path cf a oncoming station wagon . riggs shut he eye -~ and the twe vehicle swerve apart at the last possible second to aveid a direct hit . but the Station wagon scraper against the tow truck 's side send a shower of SPARKS into the air . riggs exhales a enormous breath of relief . int . police sedan murtaugh also react to the near-miss as the Station wagon speed by with horn blaring . Lee take this moment to fasten he seat belt , q ext . mulholland drive qh the tow truck run a.gtop sign and squeal onto mulhclland drive . murtaugh 's sedan cling to the truck like glue . both vehicle race full bore down mulholland , against the backdrop of the sprawling San Fernando Valley . close on the truck's speedometer as the needle edge up to 70 mph . close on murtaugh's speedometer also creep up to seventy . rigg ' Pov : speed fast and low down mulholland ~- blowing past oncoming traffic ~- swerving around slower move vehicle ~~ darting back into the proper drive lane with only inch of daylight the spare . riggs have he gun in hand , what 's he go to do with it ? shoot the truck 's driver ? shoot out a tire ? but first ... a huge moving van loom up ahead , travel in the same direction as the the truck . . . but at half the speed . the hitman decide to pass it . he stomp down on the gas pedal , kick the truck 's speed up to 80 , at the same moment rigg fire he gun into the truck 's engine compartment , hope to hit something vital that will bring this mad chase to a halt . and guess what ? it work . the hitman be stunne to feel the truck loose power . the speedometer needle begin to drep rapidly ... . 70 mph , 50 mph . see if you can spot riggs ' mistake . one of the worst time to lose power be when you be recklessly pass a big truck on a wind road . ge the tow truck g be side - by-side with the hing Van , it do not have enough power to get arqund it -- and it can not get back into its own lane because the move Van be already there . and to make matter worse , a land rover with a surf board attached to the roof be speed towards it from the opposite direction . rigg see this horror- show unfold from a front row seat . the move Van loom up beside he like a sheét-metal canyon wall . its big tire spitting gravel and dust into he face . its noisy diesel engine belching smcke and heat . and the land Rover . . . head directly for he . the hitman have only one option : he slam he foot down on the brake so hard , he practically send it through the floorboard the result action happen fast : the tow truck wheel lock ~~ scream and squealing across the pavement in a cloud of biue smoke . @ rigg be thrown CFF the winch platform into the road . murtaugh react -- hit he own brake . but there just be not time . the police sedan crash into the Honda be tow by the truck . the honda be propelled over the top of the tow truck -~ shear ep cvetythe that extend above the level of the truck 's rigg look up to see the underside of the Honda as it pass over he head . ge the land rover driver 8 gt see the airborne Honda sjying towards he -- brake hard ! the honda smashes down upon the roadway directly in front of the the land Rover . the land rover skid and smashes into the unoccupy Honda . the surf board atop the land Rover be launched like a rocket . it slice fifteen foot through the air toward the tow truck . the hitman can not believe he eye . a goddamn surf board be hurtle towards he like a guide missile . it explode through the windshield -- shatter glass in all direction . full shot - mulholland drive this be the scene after all the dust have settle : the front end of murtaugh 's Police sedan have be gestroy . murtaugh and Leo climb out ~- shake but net hurt . the Honda have be totale by the land Rover , which have alse sustained considerakle front end damage . but the Driver be uninjured . riggs climb to he foot . batter and bruise and madder than hell . he charge back toward the tow truck with he gun out , but stop short . this be what he see : the surf board protrude from the tow truck 's windshield on the driver 's side . it 's not hard to imagine the fate of the hitman inside . murtaugh and Leo approach the tow truck and see what riggs be look at . leo {softly ) wipe out . black & white arrive on the scene with bubble light flashing . uniform policeman jump out . murtuagh approach they , display he badge . close on rigg ge he catch he breath . rig , plod begin to boil . 5 8 CUT to : ext . the " house on stilt " - night a black mercede pull into the driveway . it park , and two man get out : rudd and benedict . once they have go inside ... riggs , murtaugh and the drug cop close in on the house , ext . rear deck - night rudd appear on the deck . he see the barbell and the shattered glass door . rudd ocall off ) benedict ! come out here right away ! suddenly . . . a beretta be press to the side of rudd 's head . it 's riggs , and he 's smile that mirthless smile of he . rigg freeze , dickhead . Police . cn rudd ( calmly ) take it easy , officer . I be not armed . I will not resist . rigg oh , pleeeease . . . just a little . ( shove he ) Inside , int . house on stilt riggs enter through the slide glass door with rudd . once inside , we see that the drug cop have be do they work . benedict lean against the wall with he arm spread apart as miguel and price pat he down , hand he wallet to murtaugh . wyler and cavanaugh come down the stair . wyler nobody upstairs . rudd {to the cay you have no idea what you be do , - gt murtauge I would n'® worry about that . we be profressional police officer . we de this for a live , rudd my name be arjen rudd . this other gentleman be villem benedict . we - be with the South African Consulate here in Los Angeles . we diplomatic credential and passport be in the desk . murtaugh and riggs exchange a look . rudd go see for yourself ! murtaugh . everybody stand still for a moment ! murtaugh go to the desk to retrieve they . at the same moment . . .« a woman entef the rcom . she 's in she twenty ; dress in a business suit , she beauty down - play . she even carry @ briefcase , her name be jill townsend . her arrival startles the police officer who instinctively turn there gun on her . she gasp in horror . rudd ( to the cop ) fne 's only a Consulate secretary , for God 's sake ! ( to Jill ) tnese be police officer , miss townsend . jill the door be open . so I just -- riggs and j:il make eye contact . he step forward and take the briefcase from she hand . rigg -- I will take that . mp do not open that ! 's that 's a a diplomatiay pouch ! protected under article 2 % of the Vienna Convention -~ rigg ~~ would you shut up ! : {to the other cop ) fut the cuff on ‘em ! the drug cop start to follow riggs ' order . murtauge wait a minute ... murtaugh have the passport and credential in he hand . murtaugh this look official , Martin . rubd they be official ! under the diplomatic Relations Act , no diplomatic agent can be detain or arrest once he identity have be establish ! murtaugh cavanaugh , get the Captain on the radio . sg cavanaugh right . cavanaugh run out . riggs and murtaugh look frustrated as hell . murtaugh ( under he breath ) shit . wyler 1 do not believe this ! can not we arrest anybody ?! ( point to Jill ) what about she ?! rodd courier status . protected under article 27 . riggs get right into esteban 's face . rigg you be a criminal , rudd , and you be hide behind you fuck ' credential ! q % ri ( indi nadedy ) iama Di toma | rigg you be a drug dealer ! and I be gonna shut you down ! . rudd why , you can not even give I a traffic ticket . riggs clenches he jaw ; he nostril flare . rudd nsmile arrogantly ) who 's a " dickhead " now , officer ? riggs positively quake with rage . . rigg Roger , hold I back , I think I be gonna hurt this sonofabitch . murtaugh all right . cool off . ( beat ) give the lady back she briefcase . $ 7 Jill move toward riggs to collect the briefcase . she regards he with a sympathetic expression , jill ( in a soft voice ) it 's only paper werk . honest . riggs look take aback . rudd ( the Jill ) do not talk to they , damnit ! get the briefcase and step away ! riggs give she a private , conspiratorial smile . rigg Rice guy . she return the smile as she step away with the briefcase . rudd this house be lease to my government . it 's inviolable ! now get out ! int . police squadroom - night oe Captain Murphy have riggs , murtyigh and the drug cop assemble before he . seat nearby be Leo getz . murphy now we be gonna have the State Department down we throat ! probably have to make some kind of formal apology ! rigg what !? this guy be dirty ! murphy you do not know that ! you can not say that for sure ! rigg when you have live in the sewer as long as I have , you begin to recognize the rat . . the phone ring . price grab it . &&. murphy ( to riggs ) you wanna nail a diplomatic , riggs ? catch he reé-hand . catch he in the act . catch he in possession of something ! at least do I that one favor , because this guy be beyond the law . price hand the phone to murtaugh . price you wife , murtaugh ( into phone ) hi , honey . ( pause ) no. pretty quiet . listen , babe , lemme take this call at my desk . murtaugh put the call on hold and step over to he own desk . up till now , Murphy have not netice Leo sit there . but now he regards he with gyPuzzle expression that be almost comical . q of @ yaurery ( mgane Leo ) who the he be this ? ... Leo get up , extend he hand to Murphy . leo Leo getz . Nice to meet ya , murphy Jesus Christ ! I forget all about this guy ! ( to riggs ) you take a civilian on a bust ?! a civilian you be suppose to be protect !? leo do not worry . everything 's fine . I always stay in the car . murphy " always " ?! leo sgt. riggs and sgt. murtaugh be very adamant ekout that . Murphy be try not to blow he top . murphy ( under he breath ) I do not give a fuck . . I do not give a fuck ... ( walk away ) I do not give a fuck ... Leo look perplex , leo what would he say ? wyler , cavanaugh & price " I go not give a fuck ! " rigg that 's he mantra . murtaugh say goodbye to he wife and hang up the telephone . that 's when he notice that somebody have place a SMALL potted BUSH on he desk . the le 's have all be pluck off , and in they place condomsqhave be drare ever the branch . must be abous gue hundred of they . riggs smile . murtaugh es a slow burn . he glance in the direction of price , wyler and cavanaugh who can barely contain they laughter . . conner it 's a rubber plant , sarge . that 's it . they can not hold it in any longer . the drug cop convulse with laughter . eventually , murtuagh crack a smile in spite of himself . murtaugh look to be about a week 's supply , too . int . police sedan ~ drive - night murtaugh drive . riggs next to he . Leo in hack . riggs have a bag of fast food in he lap . he 's pass stuff back to Leo and across to murtaugh . rigg double cheeseburger ? murgaugh right here . rigg {to murtaugh ) who get Leo for the night ? leo where 's my-burger with extra cnion and pickle ? riggs rummages through the bag for Leo 's order . hand he a burger . leo what about my fries ? rigg do you order fries ? leo yes , I order fries ! rigg you order ring . & : lzo '' why would I ordgeprings ?! I have get extra onion on '' hy burger ! '- I would never order rapg ! I order fries ! murtaugh i order ring . rigg we be still miss one fry . - leo also , I have no drink back here . riggs pass out the drink . murtaugh ( to riggs ; answer he question ) you get he . : rigg mel ? leo hey ! this be not my burger . there 's chili on this burger . gl. @ rigg that must be mine . Leo rewrap the burger and hand it back to riggs with a annoyed expression . leo where 's mine ? rigg this must be yours , riggs hand Leo something else . rigg ( to murtaugh ) I be not take he . my place be too small . you have get that big empty house -~ you take he ! . leo oh , great ! this be a Filet of Fish sandwich I have get back here ! I . . hate fish ! I will not be stick @ with a Filet of Fish sandwich . I refuse to eat this . somebody have to trade . murtesgh not I . io I a qigc not I . 8 leo Fine . then we have to go back . murtaugh we be not go back , Leo . be happy with what you have get . . leo ( sulk ) that 's impossible . riggs start to chuckle at the idea of Leo become roommate with murtaugh . murtaugh ( annoyed ) @ what 's so. funny ? se rigg nothing . 6Z leo can I give you guy a friendly piece of advice ? never use the drive - through window . always | walk up to the counter . they fuck you at the drive - through because they know you be mile away before you find out they fuck you , and they know you be not gonna turn around and come back . and you know what ? rigg & murtauge what ? leo they be right ! dissolve to : ext . . sunset strip restaurant - day a black mercede sedan squeal up to the curb , right into the camera so that its diplomatic license plate fill the screen . & a valet parking attendant jump fre the car and hand the key to rudd who have just finigh lunching at the restaurant . . a rudd slide in behind the whegl , and that 's when he see : . rigg stand across the street . lean against he pickup truck , glaring at rudd with a sullen , threaten expression '' + '' puffing intently on a cigarette . int . rudd' mercede rudd look momentarily shake , then recover : his arregant expression return quickly . he flecor the mercede and roar away from the restaurant without give riggs a second look . rigg follow the car with he eye . ext . beverly hill intersection - day rudd 's mercede travel down wilshire Blvd . it stop for a red light at the corner of wilshire and Santa monica bivd . e Sue nc sooner have rudd come to a full stop , then riggs ' fickup truck pull up beside he . pudd casually glance over -- then do a double take upon see riggs behind the wheel of the pickup . rigg give rudd a penetrate stare . rodd be grow edgy . this be get on he nerve . he 's like a volcano ready to errupt . . . and that 's exactly what he do . he stomp down on the gas pedal ... full shot - the intersection the mercede squeal through the intersection against the red light , leave a long patch of rubber and a cloud of smoke in its wake . Cars travel on Santa monica Blvd . honk and brake , one car rear -end another . a women and she two child walk i on the cross walk be nearly run over by rudd 's spep mercede , hurtle recklessly through the intersecpion . % rigg %y be helpless to do anything but watch as rudd flaunt he ammunity by endangering the life of innocent pedestrian ext . consulate build - wilshire blvd . - day the building have a secure underground parking lot . a uniformed guard open and close a rclling metal gate that prevent unauthorize people cr vehicle from gain access to the parking area . rudd 's mercede turn off cf wilshire Blvd. into the Consulate Building driveway . as rudd wait for the Guard to open the gate , he be startled to see : rigg stand on the sidewalk -- pull on a cigarette -- glower at he . rudd be completely unnerve by riggs ' amazing ubiquity . 4 rudd ( to Guard ) keep he cut ! then rudd screech he mercede into the underground parking garage . rigg watch rudd disappear into the garage , and the big metal gate roll down behind he . the Guard swagger up to riggs . guard hey , bud ... let 's go . move along . rigg ( flash he badge ) piss off , shithead -- L.A. Police ! the Guard look take aback . rigg that 's right . a cop . the Guard slowly retreat . 9° riec® ( taunti im } c'mon . throw ' I off the sidewalk ! the Guard just glare at he . rigg no ? Change you mind ? ( beat ) asshole . — riggs stroll away from the Guard , toward the front entrance to the building . he notice that a surveillance camera be mount above the door . he step forward for a closer lcok . int . ' rudd' office rudd look into the security monitor beside he desk , see riggs ( in grainy , wide - angle black and white ) peer directly into the camera lense . benedict be stand behind rudd . @ k és benedict that sonefabitch be go to wind up with he dick in a mouse trap . rudd maybe we should " file a protest " with the Police Department . benedict already take care of . rudd look surprised to hear this . rudd what be you talk about ? i do not give you any instruction to -- benedict ( snap at he ) -~ do not tell I how to do my job , arjen ! rudd draw back , intimidate by benedict . int . another consulate office Jill townsend cross the room wih a arm~load cf envelope . other secretary be busy with ing at computer terminal . the atmosphere be hushed , bhdiness - like , and dignify . we follow Jill into ~~ '' the consulate lobby where she deposit the envelope into the mail bag . then , glance up , she catch sight of rigg in the Security monitor . . she be obviously take with he ; fascinate by he seruffy appearance and coiled , hair-trigger temperament . she continue to stare into the monitor until riggs crush out he cigarette and disappear from view on the monitor . int . rigg ' truck - day as riggs drive , he radio come alive . dispatcher four King sixty ... riggs grab the radic . '' @ 6g . rigg King sixty , roger . dispatcher . sgt. riggs . . . sgt. murtaugh request that you proceed to he residence on the double . rigg what 's up ? dispatcher that 's the message in full . need the address ? rigg no thanks . I have be there before . dispatcher not for dinner , I hope . rigg yeah ... dispatcher sorry . ext . murtaugh's house ~ day '' riggs drive up . Leo rush off to meet he , '' oe sgt. riggs , tm glad you be here . rigg what 's wrong ? : leo come inside . they enter the house . int . murtaugh be : house rigg what 's go on , Leo ? where 's Roger ? leo : in the bathroom . he 's be in there all morning . rigg be he sick ? 67 : leo I do not think so . | he sound okay . he be talk to I through the door ... riggs head up the staircase , leo tag along behind he . leo - '' + + he tell I to call the station and have the dispatcher find you ... riggs arrive at the bathroom door . he knock , rigg Roger . it 's I . you okay ? murtaugh riggs , get in here ! int . the bathroom riggs open the door and step in , lec peek in behind he . asgh not you , Leo ! gagaway ! '' qtkiess go downstadr , Leo . riggs close the door on Leo , then turn to murtaugh who be seat on the toilet . rigg this be weird , Roger . what in hell be go on ? murtaugh last night , I come home late . Leo 's with I . we come in the house . I pick up the mail . I see that my new Sport Magazine have arrive , with article on the baseball play - off , a preview of the new college football season , and a special section on deep Sea fishing ~~ rigg -- reger , I do not understand -- 6&8 murtaugh ~~ let I finish ! ( beat ) so I think to myself , it 's be a leng day , I will go up to bed and read my magazine . but Leo will not let I alone . he follow I around like a puppy . he want to talk about " investment strategy for the eighties , '' and '' defer annuity , " and I do not know the fuck what all , and all I wanna do be go upstairs and read my new Sports Magazine -- rigg -~ what be you talk about -- murtaugh -~ shutup , would ya , and listen ! ( beat ) so finally I do what I do when the kid be drive I crazy and I want some peace and quiet ... @ . ( beat ) . I come into the bathroom and shut X the door behind I . I , do not realiy ~ need to use the bath , I just wanna read my fuck sporf Magazine ! - qiée okay . so whag ?! '' murtaugh . so I be sit here read about marlin fishing in the Gulf of Mexico when I glance over and see this ~~ murtaugh indicate the toilet paper roll where the follow message have be write : . '' boom . you're dead . " riggs read the message and react . rigg uh-oh . murtaugh and after that , I just stay put . rigg you have be sit here all night ? @ | of murtaugh Hell , yes , I have be sit here all night ! rigg well , at least you get to read you magazine , murtaugh yeah . five fuck time ! riggs get down on he hand and knee to investigate the situation . murtaugh tell I I be not fuck , rigg class four plastic explosive . Weight -compression agivate detonator . 3 murbaugh I be fuck . < rigg as long as you do not stand up , you be okay . murtaugh oh , that 's a relief . what be I so worried about ? rigg I be gonna need help . murtaugh no way ! I be sit on a toilet , here ! gimme a break ! rigg dammit , Roger ! this be sericus ! we need the bomb squad . murtauge okay . call they . but do not use a open frequency . let 's try to keep this quiet . rigg trust I . CUT to : 70 : @ ext . murtaugh's house - day a real circus , five patrol car with flash bubble light . two ambulance . three FIRE truck . six tv Station news van . dozen of uniformed cop . a crowd of spectator , and a police chopper circle overhead . female news reporter + «se we be stand on the lawn ef the home of detective sergeant Roger murtaugh , a twenty year veteran of the Los Angeles Police Department . detail be sketchy at this point , but apparently a bomb of some kind have be discover inside the house ... {beat ) and here come the bomb squad now ! the bomb squad truck roar ww @o the curb and four bcmb squad cop jump out wear otective gear , look a little like spacemen , . they each carry heavy lead bomb blanket , g? int . murtaugh's houss * 'o the bomb squad rush in . the place be wall - to- wall cops. cop bomb squad ! clear a path ! clear a path ! the bomb squad charge up the crowded staircase . int . the bathroom twenty cop be squeeze into this small space . murtuagh sit on the toilet , embarrassed as hell . he glare at riggs . . ext . murtaugh's house the media circus continue . female news reporter + . '' it 's be almost a hour now since the bomb squad enter the house behind I . no word yet . on the exact type of device discover , although we have learn that the location of the bomb be beirg describe as " extremely sensitive . '' 7¢. now Leo step up to the reporter , wear dark glass . female news reporter with I now be a man who be in the house at the time the bomb be discover . leo that 's right , Sally . I be the one whe actually call the police , female news reporter that be you ... leo yes . ( modestly } do make I some kind of hera ? I do not think sc , but if the word stick . .. so bett . int . the bathroom of ) the room look like a padded goth because the bomb squad have draped the room with lead . blanket . murtaugh be also wrapped in the this blanket . the bomb squad member be finally prepare to suggest a course of action : bomb squad leader I say we flush it . murtaugh flush it ?! that 's you " expert " opinion !? flush it ! rigg sound like good advise to I . murtaugh shoot riggs a nasty look , 'o bomb squad leader I want the reom clear . ( to murtaugh ) that blanket will offer you some good solid protecticn , sgt. murtaugh . now here 's the drill : when the toilet get flushed , you dive like hell into the bathtub . pull the blanket up over you head like this . ( he demonstrate ) that 's a good , old - fashioned cast iron tub , and it will withstand a pretty good blast ... uh , just in case we get detonation , that be . murtaugh who 's gonna do the flush ? rigg I will . murtaugr thanks . rigg my pleasure . bomb squad leader ( to riggs ) better put this on they provide riggs with a grorecrive outfit . ext . murtaugh's houseq '' everyone have be nove back away from the house . the female News reporter be now stand in the middle of the STREET . female news reporter + + '' we have all be move back away from the house . apparently they be now ready to de-activate the bomb . as you can tell , thing have get very quiet here , as everyone hold they breath , wait for this situation to be over ... int . murtaugh's house the bomb squad member have gather on the staircase . they be freeze , like statue . everyone else have be evacuate from the house . 72 . 73 the camera move up the staircase toward the bathroom door . int . the bathroom riggs and murtaugh , all alone . riggs wear the protective suit . murtaugh be wrap in the bomb blanket . riggs have he hand on the flush lever . rigg okay . here we go . one , two -- murtaugh ~~ wait , wait . we do it on three , or : one , two , three and then we do it ? rigg on three . on three . ready ? murtaugh do it , for chrissake ! rigg one ... two ane ghee ! riggs flush ! murtaugh lear , get the toilet . they both dive into the tub -- ducring and cover as they land with a heavy thud . ay int . the staircase , - the bomb squad memher shield they face under they protective outfit . int . the bathroom riggs and murtuagh lift they head up from the tub and peek out from behind the protective clothing . no explosion . it work . they smile in relief . ext . murtaugh's house it 's nearly a celebration . everyone be smile and laugh . riggs , murtaugh and the bomb squad get a big cheer as they appear in the front yard . female news reporter it 's all over now . the bomb squad have emerge from the house . the crisis over . a disaster clearly avert . and everyone -- include this reporter ~- can breathe a geep sigh of relief . 74 and then . . . boom ! a explosion in the sewer under the street . a manhole cover be propel high into the air . water , flame and smoke spfw from the gaping crater leave in the road . the female News reporter nearly jump out of she skin . pemale news reporter Holy fuck ! int , south african consulate - day Leo approach the desk of a diplomatic envoy , who rise to greet he , envoy Mr. Jones ? leo that 's right . , envoy & @ sit down , please , 9 '' . & ee reg ? thank you . y Leo take a seat across the desk from the envoy . envoy what can I do for you today ? leo I need you help . you be the only one who can help I . envoy I will certainly try . what seem to be the problem ? leo it 's a rather delicate matter , actually . . ( beat ) my friend want to emigrate to you country . envoy @ yes , of course . well , I can help he do that . leo no , no . I do not want you to help he . I want yeu to talk he out of it . envoy talk he out of it ? whatever for ? leo I just do not think South Africa be the place for he to be right now . envoy leok . why do not you ask ycur friend to come around some time later in the week , and we can -- leo -- he 's here now . he come with I . envoy here now ? where ? leg they tell he to wait in the lobby . envoy there must have be some confusion . ( press intercom button ) you friend 's name @ '' . . . - o % . eo Jones . 4 envoy wait a minute . I think you be Jones ? leo iam . we be both Jones , that 's a pretty common name here in America , you know . envoy ( into intercom ) send in Mr. Jones , please . right away . thank you very much . and then . . . murtaugh make a appearance . he waik through the office toward the envoy 's desk . clerk and secretries look up and gasp . murtuagh wear a flower Hawaiian shirt , bright red sweat pants , a dodger cap and black - out sunglass . the envoy 's jaw drop as murtaugh join leo. 76 @ murtaugh ( the the envoy ) how ya doin ' ? envoy there must be some mistake . murtaugh lean forward in a threaten manner . murtaugh say what ? envoy Sir ... listen to you friend here . he know what he 's talk about . I do not think you really want to go to South Africa . murtaugh why not ? the envoy be silent for a moment . he 's never encounter a situation like this before . envoy ( softly ) because you be plackg® taugh I be what ? '' oe envoy ( softly ) you be black . murtaugh I be black ? you be tell I I be black ? envoy well , it ... murtaugh {to Leo ) hear that ? he think I be black . ( to the envoy ) do I look like a black man to you ? / envoy yes you do . you be a black man , Mr. Jones . 77 leo ( to murtaugh ) see ? what do I tell you ? what do everyone tell you ! murtaugh {to Leo ) shutup ! I be as white as you be ! {to the envoy ) you , toot envoy you certainly be not . murtaugh be tot envoy I have hear enough of this . I be go to ask both of you to leave this building immediately . murtaugh jump up from he chair , & vortast I do not wanna lege : I wanna go to South Africa ! ° < two male clerk rush over to assist the envoy . they grab murtaugh under each arm , attempt to whisk he off . first clerk let 's go ! come on . out we go ! murtaugh easily throw they off , sending they flying in two different direction , crashing into lamp and furniture . the envoy press the panic button under he desk . ex ?. the consulate build the panic button ring a bell at the Guard 's Station next to the parking garage . the Guard hear it and rush inside . once the Guard have disappear , riggs show up . he press the button that control the Gate . it roll up , . . and riggs enter the parking garage . int . parking garage riggs enter , head directly towards the Consulate building entrance . ' aq 78 : int , the consulate riggs quietly slip inte the Consulate . no one see he . everycne 's attenticn be cn the commotion create by murtaugh . riggs sneak in for a closer lcok , a big smile play on he lip because .. . murtaugh be stand on a desk top , peel off he Hawaiian shirt . murtaugh do this look like black skint ? this be white skin ! I be a white mani the Security Guard try to pull murtaugh down , buy murtaugh jump to ' the next desk top . thing crash to the floor . secretaries scream . : murtaugh , who be now naked from the waist up , grab a South African flag that 's part gee gisplay , and begin to wave it over he head . g mugikucs I wanna go to South Africa ! I wanna go to uth Africa ! this be when rudd appear -- and he can not believe he eye . rudd - what the hell !? stop he ! get he down from there ! take that flag away from he ! int , rudd' private office riggs enter the office from the elevator . it 's immaculate . there be no indication that any work be do here . no file . no paperwork . nothing for riggs to snoop through . maybe this be why the note pad on rudd 's desk call so much attention to itself . as riggs move toward the desk , he hear someone coming . he quickly rip the top page from the note pad then step back against the wall . rudd charge into the office from the elevator without even see riggs and pick up he telephone . riggs step forward . he 's follow by benedict and four of he hitmen . 'ot 4 . rigg Calling the police ? do not bother . I be already here . rudd slowly hang up the phone . rudd I should have know . riggs glance at the hitmen : each one have blonder hair and bluer eye than the next . and each one tower cver riggs . they stand there , poise for action . .. like deberman , ' wait for the attack command . rigg well , look at this . . . Hitler 's wet dream . rudd I hope you realize how much trouble you be in right now . rigg as usual , you get sie Sin all turn around . . rbpp ( to the hitmen ) show Officer riggs to the street . one of the hitmen advance on riggs . . . and riggs put a move on he that would make you head spin . he grab the guy 's arm and slam he to the floor , pin he there with he foot . the other hitmen make a gesture to attack and riggs draw he gun stop they in they track . rigg have not you guy hear about I ? I get a bad reputation . sometimes I just go nut ! like now . I be right on the edge . just give I a little push . . . just a little nudge . silence . nobody make a move . mexican stand -off , riggs begin to back toward the door . rigg whatever it take , rudd . whatever it take . that 's what I will ] do to bring you down . ( beat ) ) hey , benedict . . . " boom . you be dead ! " riggs fire he beretta past benedict 's ear into rudd 's enormous aquarium . the glass shatter . Water pcur cut . rare and expensive fish flip - fep acress the Oriental carpet , riggs exit . rudd , benedict and the hitmen drop to the floor in a desperate effort to rescue the most valuable fish . rudd the angelfish first ! the angelfish first ! . int . consulate lobby as riggs march across the lobby toward the front door , he see a familiar face walk towards he : Jill townsend . she lock eye with he , surprised to see he inside the building . in less than a moment , they have reach each other . jill {hesitant ; tentative ) hello. Officer ... ? rigg riggs . Martin riggs . '' ( beat ) miss ... fownse wight ? qt yes . you remember , what be you do -- _ rigg ~- just make a secial call on you hess . riggs continue on toward the door . Jill watch he go . ext . wilshire blvd . - day riggs , murtaugh and Leo walk toward they park Police sedan . . murtaugh ( laugh ) do you see they face when I take my shirt off and wave they flag ! man , that be fun ! I enjoy myself . I have a good time . I feel young again . {to riggs ) what about you ? ol . rigg yeah . great . murtaugh no . I mean , what do you come up with ? do you get inside rudd 's office ? rigg yeah . but I do not have much time before benedict and he Hitler youth show up . they arrive at the car , murtaugh notice that Leo have a cigar in he hand . he pass it under he nose , drink in its pleasant smell , murtaugh where would you get that ? leo I take it off the envoy 's desk . this be a ten dollar cigar . I do not know South Africa have such a good relationship wee Cuba . Leo climb into the back seat , bae riggs and murtaugh remain on the sidewalk for G '' moment . rigg Roger , take a lock at this . riggs unfold the page he tore from rudd 's note pad . rigg I take this from rudd 's desk . murtaugh take it . read it out loud . murtaugh '' nora dane . San pedro . " . rigg whaddaya think ? murtaugh name 's familiar . rigg nora dane ? you know who she be ? murtaugh do not say that . familiar , that 's all . ring a bell . I rigg somebody you bust once ? murtaugh it will come to I . suddenly , the car' siren begins to wail -- a awful , ear~ pierce scream that startles riggs and murtaugh . murtaugh throw cpen the car door , see Leo lean over from the back seat with he hand on the dashboard . murtaugh what the hell be you do ?! leo I think it be the lighter ! murtaugh never play with button , Leo ! riggs be amused to see all the traffic on wilshire Blvd . pull over the the right . int , rudd' office benedict 's hitmen be soaking ug he aquarium water with towel . the angelfish swjm in small bowl and coffee cup fill with vee rudd sit down behind ys desk . in a moment , he will notice that a page be miss from he pad . and that moment be now . rudd benedict ! dissolve to : int . ~ officer tom wyler' house wyler wear only a pair of gy short . he 's in great physical condition . he strap on a pair of gravity inversion boot , then reach up to a chrome - plate bar suspend from the ceiling , swing he leg high into the air and hook the boot over the bar . now , suspend upside down , he begin he morning routire of invert sit-up . off screen voice Morning , Tommy . how 's it hang ? wyler be startle by the unexpected greeting . who the hell be this ? e first we get wyler' upside down Pov of a man be stand in . the kitchen doorway . then ... the camera rights itself and we see that the man be benedict . he hold a pistol with a silencer attach to the barrel . wyler Jesus Christ ! alarm , wyler make a reach for the bar to unhook himself . benedict hold it , Tommy ! benedict fire he gun . the bullet ping off the chrome bar , and wyler 's hand jump away . benedict hand away from the bar . wyler who be you ?! what do you want !? benedict put a thin cigar into he mouth and light up . benediceo '' shhh , Tommy . take it sy. listen , qe 's CUT to : ext . officer gary price backyard - day price come out to he backyard pool with a towel around he neck . the house be a small stucco bungalow and the pool take up nearly the entire yard . price discard the towel , step onto the diving board and walk out to the very tip . then , bend he leg , he spring straight up into the air ... CUT to : the underside of the diving board something be stick there . something lumpy and gray , like a big slab of play - doh . price feet come down hard on the board ~~ which blows to smithereen .. é soe &4 a shatter explosion that rock the morning stillness -~ sprays water high into the air -- and blows out every window in the house . a FIRE ball climb toward the sky . CUT to : int . wyler' house . benedict hear the distant explosion . benedict hear that , Tommy ? sound like a neighbor just fall victim to a serious household accident . ( beat ) they can be killer . cur tc : ext . officer cavanaugh's house cavanaugh come out the front door and trip over a tiny silver wire stretch a foct above the ground + '' + and the frent of the house detonate -- a shatter . explosion that rend it to piece . cavanaugh stagger cut of the flame ... daze ... bloody , . . stumbling toward he car .. . grop blindly .. . reach out for the door @ mandle ... pull it open ... bam ! another eh sion . more powerful than the first . x cavanaugh and he auto be blogn to kingdom come . cur to : int . wyler' house as benedict and wyler hear this additional explesicn . benedict can you believe it , Tommy ? I think it just happen again . people cughta be more careful around the home . wyler you sonofabitch ! what be you do ?! I be a cop ! benedict step behind wyler . ll benedict you be a cop , Tommy ... benedict place the barrel of he gun against the back of wyler' head and fire . he toss away he cigar butt and exit . ext . wyler' house benedict emerge from the house and stroll casually away , hand in pocket . siren can be hear in the distance . camera pull up , up , up .. . until we see the entire neighborheed . . . and two large plume of smoke rise into the sky . dissolve to : int . wyler' house close on rigg . and there 's a look of great anguish in he eye because wyler 's body be be take down from the gravity inversion bar by uniformed police officer . the house be crawling with cop . then , riggs see semething on the floor . he bend down and pick up benedict 's discard cigar stueg 8 ext . wyler' house - day qe wyler 's cover body be be placka into the coroner 's Van . riggs come cut of the house with the cigar : stub in he hand . Captain Murphy come up to he , see what he 's hold . rigg found this on the carpet . ( beat ) wyler do not smoke . would not even allow it in the house . murphy my kinda guy . Murphy signal for a homicide detective to place the cigar stub into a plastic evidence bag . murphy there be not enough leave of price and cavanaugh to fill a shoe box . Jesus Christ , riggs , what kind of psychos be we deal with here ? 'ot rigg i think you know exactly who we be deal with , Captain . so say , riggs turn on he heel and head for he truck park at the curb . Murphy regards he with a troubled expression . int . supermarket - early evening Jill townsend be at the produce bin , hand select vegetable that she place in the small plastic basket hook over she arm . she become aware of semekody stand behind she . she turn ... it 's riggs . jill Officer riggs . . . we meet again . rigg I follow you here from the Consulate . jill you follow I ? rigg I want to apologize for frightening you that first night ... jill I be not scared . just surprised . rigg go ? and to thank you . . '' gy ? oi thank I for what ? riggs do not answer directly . he just give she a sly smile . rigg you do not like you boss much , do you ? jill there be a lot of thing I do not like about my boss ... and my country . . . but I like my job very much , she move to the next bin . riggs move with she . rigg I gid not get you first name . jill Jill . rigg ( point to she basket ) dinner ? jill yes. rigg shop a day at a time , huh ? jill that 's right . no point shopping for the entire week . rigg why not ? jill ( smile ) I never know what I will be hungry for from one day to the next . riggs take the basket from she hand . his expression be intense . he 's not charming and he 's not flirtatious . he 's just direct . rigg g® have dinner with I . | 8 ag ? Jill be intrigue by he , but she ngy no reply . rigg I have a place at the beach . right on the sand . a view of the ocean from all window , and a beautiful sunset every night . I will even make the dinner , ( beat ) I be a gourmet cook . int . rigg ' trailer at the beach - sunset riggs and Jill enter the cramped trailer through the slide glass door . the expression on Jill 's face acknowledge the disparity between she expectation and what she now see . . jill you must Le a honest cop , Martin riggs . rigg disappointed ? d2 . @ sill not in you . rigg it 's everything I say . check out the view . she look at the sunset through the slide glass door . the sky be a firey shade of orange . jill what be that light ? ship ? riggs come up behind she . rigg oil drilling platform . ( beat } sometimes at night , it get so dark you can not see you own hand in front ef you face . the sky and the ocean be completely black , and the only thing you can see be that drilling platform ten mile out to sea . twinkle like Christmas tree . during this , riggs have place he hand on she shoulder . Jill turn , tilt she head up tomgita riggs and give he a know smile , eg ask this be a sedugtion , be not it ? . rigg what do you mean ? , . . why do you say that ? jill you be try to sweep I off my foot ... rigg maybe , jill make my head spin ... rigg yeah . jill e@ wrap I around you finger ... &f rigg okay . jill I be not stupid , you know , rigg not a bit . jill I know what 's go on . you can not get to rudd . he 's hide behind he giplomatic credential . you think I can help you in some way . right ? rigg uh-huh . jill well . . . maybe I can . and maybe iwill . we can talk about that later , rigg later ? jill g® yes . afterwards .. she put she arm around no deck and kiss he on the mouth . riggs respondsy slide he hand you she back . Jill break off the '' kiss , push away from he and pull close the curtain on the slide glass door . jill and you be not a gourmet cook , be you ? : rigg sure iam . say so right on the freeze food container . she begin to unbutton she dress . riggs turn toward the bed -- see SAM curl up asleep -- slap he on the rump . rigg beat it ! no stooge tonight . Sam hop off the bed and exit the trailer through the floor doggie - door . riggs throw back the blanket , - expose the sheet . ad C when he turn back toward Jill , she be move towards he , she dress loose and epen , fall off she shoulder . riggs slide he hand under she clothing and pull she down to the bed . ext . the ocean ~ night a grumman albatrcss come in low over the ocean . the pilot kill the encine and it glide in , smooth and silent . it slide into the water on its belly , trail behind it a wake of rippling moonlight . close on tee albatross as four south african hitmen hop out wear wet-suit and carry automatic weapon . they wade through the surf toward shore . int . rigg ' trailer Jill be under the sheet . - riggs f@ sit on the bed , naked -- cigarette in one haga , a computer crip in the other . on ridd '' . '' it go iryo the car 's alarm system . it send out a signal that the police can follow . in case the car get steal . jill you want to put that into rudd 's car . yes ? rigg yes . tonight . can you get I in ? jill . all you have to do be ask . but I be glad you do not . ext . the trailer - night the hitmen walk up to riggs 's trailer and form é@ line parallel to it . they hold they weapen in position . int . the trailer the silence of the night be suddenly shattered by a eruption of automatic gunfire . the slide glass door explode , blow a thousand sharp projectile through the trailer . qi riggs pull Jill to the floor . rigg down ! both be naked . riggs grab he jeans , wiggle into they . Jill clutches she dress . machine gun FIRE tear through the trailer 's metal side . the noise be deafen . . . Wood cabinet be chewed into splinter . . . window disintegrate like burst scap bubbles . . . appliance be pulverize . everything be be destroyed ; demolished ; consumed in a hail of blaze weapon 's fire , ext . the trailer the hitmen spray the trailer with gunfire . as one clip be exhaust , they calmly and methodically slap in another . int . the trailer the fussilade seem never end . the trailer be literally be torn and shredd apart . the ceiling begin to collapse as the metal side buckle and bend under the punish attack . riggs and Jill have flaten ta@lseive against the trailer 's floor . Automatic wgapon fire whizhes only inch above they head . riggs ' hand reach up of bis beretta and shoulder holster . grab it . pul it towards he . now , he begin to move across the floor on he stomach , pull Jill with he ... inching they way toward the floor deggie-door . underneath the trailer riggs and Jill emerge from the boggie - deg . the area under the trailer be less than three foot high . above , the defeaning barrage of gunfire continue without let up . Jill struggle into she dress . riggs dig into he pants pocket for he truck key . he give they to Jill and gesture for she to get move . jill crawl out from under the trailer on the side opposite the attack . gz rigg crawl out in the other direction . move rapidly on he stomach across a sand dune like the train special force commande that he once be . he come up behind the hitmen . he take a deep breath , then rise up into a shoot position . bam . bam . bam . Three hitmen drop like marionette with they string cut . but the fourth hitman turn and sprays a volley of machine - gun FIRE in riggs ' direction . riggs leap and roll to the side . the hitman advance , machine - gun chatter . then . . . the roar of a truck engine . the blinding glare of headlight . riggs' pickup truck hurtle out of the darkness , fishtail through the sand . a fender slam the hitman from behind , throw he twenty foot in the air . he come down hard on he shoulder . riggs scramble to he foot , the pickup roar down on he . the passenger door fly cpen . the truck dcesr't slow down . riggs grab the open song swing he body into the cab . of the hitman climb to he knee . whe fire at the depart truck . ®& int . truck's cab * Jill be behind the wheel . riggs sees something in the side mirror . rigg slow down ! slow down ! SAM be running after the truck as fast as he four short leg will carry he . Machine - gun fire kick up sand @ll around he . the truck slow down just enough , allow Sam to leap onto the tailgate and climb into the cargo bed . ext . the south african consulate ~ night riggs and Jill stand across wilshire Blvd. from the Consulate . rigg what about the video camera cover the door ? jill it 's only on during business hour . but there 's a alarm system with a 45 second delay . rigg you know the code ? jill ( smile ) who do you think turn it off every morning ? int . consulate lobby - night we hear the key in the lock , the door open and riggs and Jill enter . Jill go immediately to the key pad on the wall and punch in the code , the red light turn off ... and the GREEN light come on . . . indicate that the system have be disarm . jill this way . she lead he down a series of cagurpor until reach the parking garage door . the ddr reguire another key . she open it for he . y int . underground parking garage »y they enter the garage . rudd 's mercede be the only car there . riggs slide in , pop the hood latch . int . rudd' apartment within the consulate rudd life in the building 's top floor . he 's at the bar , pour a drink . benedict be there with he . ( we notice that there be another key pad on the apartment wall , and the GREEN light be glow . ) int . underground parking garage riggs be do . he close the hood of the mercede . int . rudd' apartment benedict cross the room . he see something that trouble he . rudd what 's the matter ? benedict indicate the glowing GREEN light on the key pad . benedict someone 's shut off the alarm . for a moment , they just stare at each other . then , the red light come on again . rudd now it 's on again , benedict turn on the camera ! ext . consulate entrance - nigbt ? riggs and Jill emerge quietly from the Consulate 's front decor . as she close it behind she , the red light on the video camera come on , indicate that the camera be now in use . riggs and Jill do not notice this . int . the apartment benedict and rudd look into the mo@{tor . riggs and Jill can be see turn away £ the front door and go down the step toward the reet . oe nusd Jill townsend . % benedict she 's with riggs ! I can not believe this guy -- he 's get more fuck life than a cat ! rudd take care of this immediately . ext . a apartment house courtyard - night a 30 's style stucco apartment building . like the one eff Olympic Blvd. in beverly Hills . riggs walk Jill to she apartment door . rigg thank you . he give she a kiss . @ rigg I have get to go . jill do we start something tonight , or just end it ? riggs sigh to himself . rigg I be not good relationship material . I do not think I have much of a future . jill just plenty of past . rigg more than I need . ext . the STREET riggs hurry back to he truck . but he never make it ... benedict emerge from the shadow of , the bush , loom @ up behind riggs with a automatic mple in he hand . 8 he slam the butt end against the qsack of rigg ' head . ~ impact , riggs go down hard . 4 SOUND pade in and out . the star above , the yard , thanttree , the streetiamp , swirling and spinning . x two hitmen appear . benedict direct they toward Jill 's apartzent with the wave cf he hand , int , murtaugh's house ~- night murtaugh and Leo be sit on the scfa . the tv be play , but nobody be watch . . . because Leo be review murtaugh 's tax return . . leo what I see here be nice conservative return . everything by the hook . everything black and white . what you gotta do be play around in the gray area a dittle more . this be where you can really save some buck . grant , on you salary we do not have much to work with . what you really need e@ be more deduction . t murtaugh a mere deducticn , huh ? ... k @ leo right . let 's say you pay off a informant . get a receipt and take a deduction . ( beat ) if you buy yourself some food during a sstake - out . . . get a receipt and take a deduction . ( beat ) you.use you own credit card to buy gas after a high -speed chase ... get a receipt and take a deduction . murtaugh thanks , Leo . I will remember that . murtaugh begin to collect he return , put everything back in a large envelcpe . Leo bring up a subject that have clearly be haunt he : leo I guess .. . after I cooperate with the fed .. . tell they all I know '' +. igo free . right ? no jail time ? murtaugh '' could be , Leo . could & leo that 's good . beca®se I have learn my lesson . fromnow on , it 's the straight and narrow for I . murtaugh of course , the government 's gonna confiscate everything you own . you home . you car . all you possession . and they be gonna seize all you asset : Bank account , CD 's , stock . whatever they can find . leo they be ?! murtuagh that 's how it be , Leo . you do not get to keep what you do not get legal . leo puck . @ as he gather up he tax record , murtaygh come across a piece of paper that give he pause . he 's so preoccupy with it , that Leo notice . 47 . leo what 's that ? murtauge the Bill of sale for my fishing boat ... murtaugh remain distract by the Bill of sale in he hand . something be go on with he , the wheel be turn in he head . leo well , guess I will turn in . murtaugh ( without look up ) okay , leo. good night . once Leo be go , murtaugh go to a shelf where video tape be store and take cone down . he put the tape into the vcr and press play . this be what we see : the murtaugh family out on the boat , there 's Nick clowning around on deck . and rianne pose in she bikini . there 's murtaugh wear a Captain 's hat and wave at the camera . '' murtaugh press fast forward anqadvance the tape ; search . 29 murtaugh where be it ? where be it ? ... int . the bathroom Leo enter . the shower curtain be draw across the tub . Leo pay no attention to this , but he be curious about the OPEN bathroom window , as he approach to take a closer look , the shower curtain be quietly pull back and a South African hitman step out of the tub . Leo turn . . . but all he get to see be the shower curtain be lowered over he head -- wrap around he neck -- and pull tight , shutting out the air . Leo 's be asphyxiated by the hitman . he flail he arm and kick he foot , but he 's no match for the hitman 's superior strength . int . the live room murtaugh continue to past forward through the tape . then he stop .. . rewind a little ... play it forward , we see what look like more cf the same ; the murtaugh at play on the family boat . but murtaugh see something that we do not . he rewind . Plays it again . bend in close . rewind . Plays it again . slow moticn . very close to the screen . look hard . rewind . Plays it again . one frame at a time . murtaugh ( hushed ) I know it . what 's he look at ? in the background of one shot be a freighter . a great big ocean-going carge ship . and the name paint on the freighter 's bow be : ncra dane . murtaugh actually touch he finger the the screen right where the name appear . murtauge '' ( smile ) 9 nora dane . 8 se then : murtaugh see a replectson in the tv screen . someone behind he ! he whigl around -- find himself face to face with the south african hitman . he do not think -~- he just react . he throws a punch against the hitman 's jaw . the hitman be propel backwards against the wall , but bounce back with a vengeance . he overwhelm murtaugh with a series of martial Arts kick and jab that fairly whistle through the air . murtaugh be beat back into the : hobby room where he crash to the floor within inch of the the carpenter' tool . the hitman advance . murtaugh swing up he arm , the pneumatic nail gun in he grasp . bam ! he fire a nail . thunk ! right between the hitman 's eye , the expression of surprise on he face be almost comical , he sink to he knee and keal over onto he face . murtaugh stegger to he foot , head reeling . holding he side , he sturbles back into : the live room only to see a second hitman approach from across the room with a knife in he hand . it take murtaucgh a moment to bring he into focus . the hitman come forward slowly , like a predatory animal stalk wounded prey . murtaugh rock back and forth on he heel , still unsteady from the beat he just take . he raise the nail gun -- point it at the approachin hitman and fire -- bam ! the hitman grab a small end table by the leg and use its top as a shield , thunk . the nail sink into the wood . the hitman keep come . holding the table in front of he . murtaugh aim lower ~- bam ! . . . the hitman lower the table -- thunk . . . murtaugh aim higher ~~ bam ! . . . the hitman raise the table -- thunk . and that 's the last nail murtaugh og to fire , because the hitman be now right on top of sym -~ swinging the table through the air -~ smashing it against murtaugh 's skull . - 9 murtaugh 's knee buckle , but not do not go down , the hitman rush he , he knife point toward murtaugh 's gut . . they struggle . we hear the nail gun discharge : bam ! and the hitman stagger backwards and fall |... a nail through he heart . murtaugh . {amazed} sonofabitch . . . I nail them both . int . the bathroom murtaugh charge in . murtaugh Leo ! but all he find be the tear shower curtain and the open window . fod . int . the house on stilt - night close on a hand as it sweep up a Beer can . shake it . shove it under the nose of . . . lec getz . the hand snap the tab , beer explode out of the can , spraying up Leo 's nose with great force . Leo rear he head back in distress . chcx . spit . gag . gasp for air , beer pour from he nose and mouth . he 's drown on sud . -camera pull back to include benedict . szoke one of he thin cigar . benedict where 's the money , Leo ? hew much do you take ? we want it back , lec ! where be it ?! Leo be tape to a chair , like trish and murtaugh be tape to they bed . Leo do not answer . he blow beer out of he nose and try to clear he throat . benedict grab another beer and shake it up . benedict what 's the deal , Leo ? you will talk to the fed but not to I ?! that 's not fair . that hurt my fepling ! he shove the second beer under ledus nose . lec try to turn he head away , but a sou African hitman force it back around , benedict pop , qje tab with the same result as before . . '' Leo choke , spit and nearly die . camera pull back to include rigg . seat next to Leo , also tape to he chair , but with he mouth tape shut . as well . and riggs be scream in anger behind the tape . benedict rip it off . benedict you get something to say !? rigg you bastard ! you be dead ! yceu be dead ! benedict no , riggs ~~ you be the one whe 's dead ! / of : rigg you kill Tom wyler , you senofabitch ! you kill he while he be hang upside down , completely helpless ! I find you fuck cigar butt on the floor ! benedict yeah . I do Tommy . I kill hin . so what ? I enjoy it . it be fun . riggs spit in benedict 's face . benedict slap riggs hard . benedict all right , you little shit . now I be gonna tell you something that 's gonna blow you fuck mind ! you ready for this , because this be gonna make you come unglue ! {beat ) four year ago when you be work as a narc in Long Beach , there be a contract out on you and I handle it . that 's right , I rapyour fuckirg car off the road . onigeyou be not in it ! 'ot ( beat ) a imagine my surpris® when I pull back this matte amop of blood ~ soak hair and see a woman 's face . ( beat ) she do not die right away , either . she take awhile . benedict be right . . . riggs be come unglue . his face flush . the vein in he neck pop out . he struggle against the tape that hold he down . benedict where the hell be you , riggs ?! xou be suppose to be drive that cer , not you damned wife ! rigg . you fuck sonofabitch ! benedict the funny part be , by kill she , we kill you , too , because after that , you crawle into a bottle and die . rigg but now I be back ! e 02 . eenedict Hell , you be not nowhere , riggs . and I will tell you something else + + . this be gonna be the worst night of you life . ext . a fishing boat - the ocean - night . the boat bob in the water , riggs be on deck , wear a vest make of metal chain with lead weight attach to it . the two South African hitman wrestle riggs to the bkeat 's gunwale . riggs struggle and kick , the hitmen pound he a few time in the face . eitman one any last word ? riggs cough and spit blood through now swollen lip . rigg you be under arrest . you have the right to remain silent . hitman one smart mouth , huh ? '' . the South african clobber riggs ig the face some more , then dump he over the side , . underwater ae riggs 's weight vest pull ait suratert down , fifteen foot , to a sand bar below . the water 's cold and dark . we can barely make out riggs . he hit bottom , raise a cloud of sand in the water . dimly see object sway lazily in the current . above water - in the boat one of the South africen angle a searchlight down toward the water . hitman two let 's give he a show . underwater suddenly flood with light . Jesus Christ ! we get the shock of we life . . . that " dimly see object " turn out to be corpse ! and riggs be right in the middle cf they . all in various stage of decomposition and wrap in chain . Rolling and shifting with the ocean current . stare up from dead , fish - eat face . clothes retted away in tatter . some little more than skeleton . except one ... . jill ! . . . still beautiful , even in geath . her naked body white as marble . riggs can not believe he eye . horror and pain fill he expression . but now he fight back harder than ever . above water - in the boat the two South african peer into the water , see the turbulence below , the sign of struggle . hitman two how long ? hitman one Minute ten . and still kickin' . underwater riggs thrust against the chain vest , pull it tight across he back -- pop ! -~ dislocate hi houlder . a silent scream of agony as the chain ip and loosen . above water - in the boat age the South african look over the port side of the boat when riggs explode out of the water on the starboard side , he leap into the boat like a mad demon , one arm hang limp . the South african turn , but do not have a chance , riggs be upon they before they know it . and he kill they both . . . twisting the neck of one . .. snapping the other 's backbone over he knee . and then , riggs release a primal scream of anguish and pain as he jam he shoulder back into its socket by slamming it against the wheel - house wall . : cur to : ext . a canyon - night we do not know exactly what 's go on here . riggs be wrapping a heavy chain around something that resemble a telephone pole . 'ot ( 04 . mlurtaugh be with he , the two man exchange a lock that be grim and determine , rigg let 's do it . murtaugh drive away in he Police sedan . riggs watch he depart , then climb into the cab of he truck , he turn on the ignition and floors the gas pedal . the back tire spin madly in the soft dirt . . . the motor roaring . ext . deck of " stilt " house - night benedict hear the roaring truck motor from the canyon below and come cut onto the deck . he peer down into the darkness . riggs have wrap the chain around the corner stilt that support the house . the other end cf the chain be attach to the truck .. . and riggs be pull the house down ! benedict have only a moment to register a look of alarm before a loud crack echoe across the qgnyon , and the deck begin to list and sway beneath sis foot . — . a all hell have break loose . the house have begin to shift ! the sound of timber cracking ; '' * nail creaking as they bend and pull free ; plaster breaking ; window shatter ; water pipe bursting ; gas line rupturing . int . the live room murtaugh rush in from the front door . two south african gunmen enter from the hallway . everyone fire at once -- bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! when the smoke clear , only murtaugh be leave stand . benedict see murtaugh inside the house . he raisf he gun and fire .. . but the shot go wild because benedict have literally dropped from view as .. . the house snap in two ! the half support by stilt ( the half that benedict be stand on ) slide down the canyon . the rest of the house , the portion build on selid ground at the top of the canyon , remain behind . ( this be where murtaugh be . ) 'o 105 the sliding portion of the house plow a wide swath through the tree and underbrush as it crash down into the canyon in a cloud of dust and debris . inside the house benedict cling to a doorway with both hand as furniture fly past he . then he see something out the open where the deck 's slide glass door use to be : the house be on a collision course with the trunk of a dead oak tree . it protrude from the ground at a 45 degree angle . benedict scream as the house rush toward the tree trunk . smash ! the tree trunk rip through the house with tremendous force , halting its forward progress down the canyon . rigg hop from he truck he be triumphant . the only man in the history of the l.a.p.d. ever to have bring down a house . int . the " destroyed " portion of the house riggs enter with he beretta levele . he choke on the dust . it 's so thick he can hardly see . the place have be demolished . it do not even resemble a house anymore . especially with this enormous tree trunk take up so much room . riggs pick he way through the debris . and then he sees benedict : pinned between the tree trunk and the wall . only he he upper body be visible . .. and he 's in agony . riggs approach he cautiously . benedict stare down at riggs . his eye glassy , but fill with hate . benedict ( barely get the word out ) + '' '' you just will not die , will you ? riggs regards he with loathing . benedict struggle to bring up he arm . he 's still hold he pistol . he try to aim it at riggs , but doesn 's t have the strength to pull the trigger . the gun slip from he hand , and he die with he eye wide open . ( 0g int , the " intact " portion of the house Leo ( still tape to a chair ) sit in the gaping hole where the house split apart ~- he chair practically teeter on the edge . he would be enjoy a panoramic view of the canyon and beyond , except for the fact that he eye have be tape shut . murtaugh rush to he rescue . he pull Leo 's chair away from the brink of disaster , then gently remove the tape from he mouth and eye . murtauge hi , Leo . leo sgt. murtaugh ! God , be I glad to see you ! I do not know what be go on ! sounded like somebody be pull the house down . murtaugh somebody be . murtaugh indicate the gape hole in the house . Leo turn to see it . . . and jump the a very logical conclusion : leo sgt. riggs be alive ! as if on cue , riggs stride in . rigg you bet I be . murtaugh what about benedict ? riggs shake he head , no . " murtuagh shoot he ? rigg no . you might say he go out on a limb , leo you want rudd next ? rigg do you have to ask ? murtaugh pull off the tape from Leo 's ankle and wrist . Leo stand up . wiggles he finger to bring back the circulation . /o7 leo then you better hurry . I hear he talk to benedict . they tape up everything but my ear . he 's leave the country . today . and he 's take he cash with he . riggs and murtaugh exchange a look . rigg I be in the mood to spoil that - bastard 's travel plan . what about you ? murtaugh sure ... any idea how to find he ? riggs just smile . ext . vincent thomas bridge -. night riggs ' pickup truck speed across the high , arching bridge that cross the L.A. Channel near the mouth ef the Harbor . int . the pickup - night riggs be behind the wheel . murtaugh and Leo be squeeze into the seat next to he . a flashing , beeping red light on a receiving unit attach to the dashboard be direct riggs toward rudd 's mercede . ext . port of los angele - night the letter " n-o-r-a-d-a-n ~ E " come into frame one at @ time as the camera pan across the bow of the ship . the ship be dock beside a loading pier . we see riggs ' pickup truck travel slowly down the pier . int . the pickup as they drive down the pier , the beeping SOUND grow louder and louder . murtaugh I do not see it . rigg it 's here someplace . ( meaning the beeper ) this thing be go crazy . 'ot /08 murtaugh pull over and park . ext . the pier ~ night riggs , murtaugh and Leo climb out of the pickup . they have park beside a area where giant storage container rest on flat - bed truck await load onto cargo ship . ( note : this container be enormous . they be as large as the trailer of the biggest eighteen wheeler . ) riggs carry the receiving unit in he hand . the beeping light be go wild . rigg it 's come from that container . as they move toward the container , murtaugh notice that Leo be tagging along . murtaugh do not I tell you to wait in the truck ? leo no. murtaugh well , I mean the . leo too late now . during this exchange , riggs have climb onto the bed of the truck on which the container be rest . rigg Roger ! look at this . murtuagh forget about Leo , and hurry onto the flatbe truck to join riggs . Leo be right behind he . riggs indicate a sticker attach to the container door . murtaugh ( read what it say ) '' official diplomatic seal of the Nation of South Africa . '' rigg know what that mean , rog ? this container be a diplomatic pouch . [ 09 - murtaugh right . protected under article 27 of the Vienna Convention . rigg right. ( beat ) screw article 27 . murtaugh right . riggs fire two shot into the lock , then they swing open the door . int . the container riggs , murtaugh and Leo be confront with a stack of bundle . this bundle ~- which be perfectly square and wrap in brown paper ~~ rise to ceiling of the container . murtaugh Close the door . Leo shut the door behind they . now they be in the dark . murtauge shit . can not see a thing . - rigg I can fix that . riggs walk around the large stack of bundle and find what he know would be there : rudd' mercede . he open the deor and turn on the headlight . now the container be fill with a harsh light that cast eerie shadow against the container 's wall and ceiling . murtaugh that 's great . help we with this . riggs return to help murtaugh and Leo rip away the brown paper wrapping . and this be what they discover underneath : money ! bundle and bundle of it . stack and stack of it . rows and rows of it . two thousand cubic feet of U.S. currency in 20 , 50 , 100 and 1000 dollar demonination murtaugh Holy shit . . 0. rigg Holy shit be right . ( beat ) do you know what we be look at here ? murtaugh yeah . from here to here ~~ that 's a house in beverly Hills . this section over here -~ that 's a roll royce and two ferraris . this part here -- this be a lifetime of comfort and ease . rigg this be drug money , Roger . probably just a month 's worth of profit . leo let 's see . . . 27 cubic foot of twenty dollar bill equal five million dollar ... ( pull out a pocket calculator ) this container be about ten foot tall by eight foot wide ... stack 's about six foot deep ... ( tap in the number ) Jesus ! all I steal be a few hundred thousand . this guy be get away with hundred of million ! murtaugh hold a wrapped bundle in he hand . murtuagh look at this . this be thousand @ollar bill ! what I be hold in my hand could put all three of my kid through college ! {beat } and I could fit it in my pocket . silence . riggs , murtaugh and Leo all share a look , rigg when I turn my back , Roger , you can do anything you want . riggs move off , leave murtaugh to battle the demon of he conscience . murtaugh glance at the money , then at Leo , then toss the money back . Lee be impressed by murtaugh 's honesty . if . ext . the pier - night rudd and two south african hit men walk down the pier toward the container . rudd look upset . he glance at this watch . rudd where the hell be benedict ?! do you call he house ? hit man yeah , I -- rudd -- be he there ? hit man I do not know -- rudd ~~ do he answer !? be the line busy ?! hit man nobody answer . the phone be out of order . this news make rudd grow visibly nervous . rudd we can not wait any longer ! load the container ! int . the container rigg we have get to make sure this container do not go anywhere . . suddenly , they feel something . rigg what 's that ? murtaugh shit . we be move . ext . the container the container be be drive down the pier on the flat - bed truck toward the load area . rudd and the two hit Men walk along beside it . ( 2 : int . the container riggs , murtaugh and Leo peek out the crack where the door meet . they can not see anything except the pier pass beneath they . murtaugh see anybody ? rigg no . murtaugh okay . now what ? rigg stay with the container . murtaugh I say we jump . rigg go ahead . murtaugh by myself ? rigg why not ? murtaugh we be partner . rigg then stay with I . then , they come to a stop . rigg we have stop . murtugh now what ? rigg we jump out . murtaugh you keep change you mind . rigg to fit the situation , yes ! murtaugh push on the door , but they don't move . murtaugh they be stick . they will not open . ext . the container it 's now park beneath the loading crane . ( this be a huge four- legge crane that 's as tall as a five-story building . it straddle the entire width of the pier . ) a travel carriage , call a crab , be lower from above . it grab hold of the container , prepare to hoist it up . int . the container riggs and murtaugh hear the noise overhead as the crab clamp onto the container . leo ( look up ) what the hell be that ? now they feel a very strange sensation as the container be lifted upward . murtaugh we be go up ! leo I nve be on this ride before . it 's call " free fall . " rigg you better hope not . murtuagh put he shoulder into the door and they swing OPEN . but now they be forty feet in the AIR . ext . the pier one of the hit Men look up .. . sees murtaugh in the open container doorway . int . the container murtaugh jump back from the open . murtaugh they see I . rigg maybe they do not . this be follow by the SOUND . of machine gun FIRE as bullet rip up through the bottom of the container . 'o e 4 leo no. sgt. murtaugh be right . ext . the pier the two hit Men aim they weapon in the air , shoot up into the container . rudd shout up to the operator' cage to have the container lower . rudd bring it down ! bring it down ! int . the container gunfire tear through the bottom of the container . riggs , murtaugh and Leo manage to dodge the bullet , but they know the odd be against they . murtaugh we be go back down ! they be take we down . inspiration strike Martin riggs : rigg get in the mercede ! int . the mercede riggs climb in behind the wheel . next to he be murtaugh . Leo in back , as usual . rigg this time ~- I get to drive ! riggs pull a cluster of wire from under the dashboard , cross the right one and the motor fire up . all riggs and murtaugh can see out the windshield be a wall of money .. . but they know there 's a pair of cargo door on the other side . murtaugh what about all that cash ? rigg blast right through it . ext . the pier rudd and the hit Men watch as the container be lower . hs rudd do not let they get away this time ! kill that sonsofbitch !! ext . the container it 's come down . thirty - five foot high . . . thirty foot . . . twenty - five foot ... int , the mercede ( inside the container ) riggs have the gear in neutral and the pedal push to the floor . the mercede ' motor be literally scream at 5,000 rpm 's -- the noise resonating within the metal container . rigg fasten you seat belt . suddenly , they feel the container jerk to a stop . rigg that 's it . we have hit bottom . with the motor racing . . . riggs jam the gear shift lever into drive .. . and the mercede rocket forward . ext . the container the cargo Doors explode OPEN and the mercede fly out . . . pushing 2,000 cubic foot of money ahead of it . one little problem . . . the container have not reach the pier yet . something get stick . it 's still suspended fifteen feet in the AIR . int . the mercede as the cloud of money clear , riggs , murtaugh and Leo realize that the pier be well below they . rigg , leo & murtaugh oh , shhhhhitttti !! ext . the pier rudd and the hit Men look up to see a airborne mercede emerge through a flurry of currency . . . and it 's come right at they . rudd stumble backward , the hit Men dive for safety . hg the mercede crash down onto the pier . the scund of impact be tremendous , but a mercede be build like a tank , and the car remain intact . the hit Men scramble to they foot . rigg and murtaugh leap from the car with gun blazing . the hit Men do not get off a shct -- both of they be blown away . rudd look daze es money fall from the sky and land all around he . some of it be catch by the wind , and send swirl dowz the pier . riggs march up to he . rigg yeu ' tre finish , rudd . it 's all over . rudd stare at riggs with a pathetically bewilder expression . riggs turn he back on he , snatching a hundre dollar bill out of the air . rigg ( smile ) eey , rog .. . money from heaven . murtaugh smily . . . and then he expression change to one of horror because rudd have pulled a knife and he 's rush up behind riggs with it . murtauge riggs -- !! fhe warning be too late . rudd stick the knife into riggs ' back right above he hip bone -- then pull it out again . riggs ' eye go wide as a shoot pain , like a thousand volt of electricity , course through he body . he stagger towerd murtaugh and Leo with a alarmed , uncomprehend expression on he face . rigg reger ? . . . Roger !! he fall inte Leo 's arm . Leo hold he up , keep he from fall . murtaugh swing up he pistol in a two -hande grip . he be seethe ~~ quaking -- with a blind fury as he point the gun at rudd . rudd hold up he diplomatic credentials like a shield in front of he face . rudd diplomatic immunity !! murtaugh just be revoke ! murtaugh fire ! the bullet tear a hole through rudd 's credential . .. then tear a hole through rudd 's head , the impact propelling he backwards . Leo craddle riggs in he arm . murtaugh bend down to he . rigg oh , Jesus , Roger . .. it hurt like hell . murtaugh take it easy , buddy . you be stick before . you be stick before . murtaugh and Leo exchange a worried expression as siren of approaching police car be hear in the distance . cuT to : same scene - minute later the pier be swarming with cop now . riggs be be place inside a ambulance . murtaugh hop in with he . the door close . the ambulance speed off . leo be left behind he watch the ambulance depart . in all the confusion , nobody pay any attention to he . he slip away . . disappearing into the crowd . int , the ambulance . a paramedic attent to riggs who lie on he side , grimace in pain . murtaugh comfort he . rigg I do not wanna die , Roger ... murtaugh you will not . say it again . 1b rigg do not ... wanna ... die ... murtaugh say it again ! keep sayin ' -- murtaugh stop in mid-sentence , riggs ' eye have flutter shut . murtaugh no. ... mo way ! you be breathin ' ! you be alive ! you be not dead ! riggs sure look dead . the paramedic urgently check for sign of life . murtaugh no ! do not die . you be not dead until itell you ! get that ! rigg ( weakly ) go spit ... murtaugh have never look more relieved in he life . dissolve to : int . a bank vault this be where the safety deposit box be keep . a man enter . we can not see he face . his collar be turn up . he wear dark glass and a hat with the brim pull down . he proceed to empty the content of two large box into a suitcase . of course , we be talk about money . several hundre thousand dollar in large demonination bill . int . bank lobby the man emerge from the vault area with he heavy suitcase . he only take a few step before he 's grabbed by both arm . it 's riggs and murtaugh . riggs have he by one arm ; murtaugh by the other . riggs remove the man 's hat . murtaugh remove he sunglass . it 's Leo . and he look surprised . leo sgt. riggs . sgt. murtaugh ... murtaugh hi , Leo . how ya be ? rigg yeah . what 's up , lec ? what 's in the suitcase ? Leo be very uncomfortable . he look around in all direction . leo be there someplace we can talk in private ? murtaugh sure . . what about my car ? it 's park right outside . that 's when they SNAP the cuff on he . leo oh , no . c'mon , guy . gimme a break . after all we be through . do not do this to I . rigg let 's go , Leo . they take he out . ext . the bank - day they guide Leo into the back of the Police sedan park at the curb . int . the police sedan murtaugh drive . riggs next to he . Leo in back . the car pull away from the crub . leo guy , please . have a heart . do not take I in . I be no use the the fed anymore . everybody who I be gonna testify against be dead . you guy should know that ~~ you be the one who kill ‘em ! murtaugh shut up , Leo . leo why do I ever give myself up in the first place !? that be my big mistake ! rigg no , Leo . you do the right thing . leo some comfort that be to I now . ext . san diego freeway - day the Police sedan race South on the freeway . int . the police sedan Leo look out the window with a alarmed expression . leo hey ! where we go ? you miss the turn -off ! rigg & murtaugh shut up , Leo . ext . california -mexico boarder crossing - day traffic be back up for mile in both direction as auto crawl through the custom station . murtaugh 's Police sedan , however , slide into a special lane for official vehicle . murtaugh flash he badge and he be wave through . ext . mexican road —- day the Police sedan pull off the road and park . the . car 's front door fly open and riggs and murtaugh jump out . now they remove Leo from the back seat , along with he suitcase . Leo regards they expectantly .... anda little apprehensively . - riggs remove the cuff from Leo 's wrist . leo hey .. . what be this ? ... rigg you be free , leo. leo but .. . why ? murtauge because we like you . okay ? riggs turn , put two finger into he mouth and whistle . ( zi. rigg pepe ! over here ! twelve year - old pepe come over lead a burro on a rope . the burro be pull a two - wheeled cart . riggs load the suitcase into the cart . rigg {to Leo ) see ? we think of everything . Leo look overwhelm . murtaugh reach out to shake he hand . murtaugh adios , leo. but instead of shaking hand , Leo give murtaugh a hug . murtaugh look embarrased , murtaugh okay , okay . now Leo turn to riggs . leo I will never forget you guy . rigg you could if you try . Leo give riggs a hug . riggs wince in pain . rigg careful , Leo . that 's where the knife go in . Leo step back . rigg {to murtaugh ) come on . let 's get out of here before we change we mind . riggs and murtaugh climb into the car . murtaugh start up the motor . riggs lean out the window . rigg hey , Leo . . . will you do something for Roger and I ? leo sure . you name it . rigg live like a king . and then , the Police sedan peel away in a thick cloud of mexican dust as Leo watch , silently wave he hand . end ( 72 .