letter to juliet by Jose rivera revision by Tim Sullivan current revision by will fetter 12/11/08 summit entertainment 1630 Stewart Street , suite 120 Santa monica , CA 90404 int . sophia and victor' apartment , new york -- night a well - decorate one- bedroom in the meat pack District . OPEN on : Long strand of freshly make pasta hang to dry in the live room . hundred of piece . draped off lamp , across table , over chair , everywhere . it 's a extraordinary sight . amongst this adornment of noodle , we find a beautiful young woman on the couch work on a laptop , try to concentrate . she seem a bit distract by the pasta that surround she . she be sophia marcus . Sophia sigh as she look up from she computer at the sound of cooking that can be hear come from the ... int . kitchen . where : a man toil over a pot of simmer tomato sauce . he be a handsome italian - american with big brown eye . he be victor . Victor taste the sauce he 's cooking the way a sommelier taste wine . slow and deliberate . he 's pleased but subdued . Victor carefully plate some of that fresh pasta with he sauce and take it into the live room . Sophia look stress out . she keep glance at what look like a draft of a magazine article , certain part have be highlight . she 's in the middle of type something when Victor approach with the plate of food . victor here , taste . sophia ok , gimme a second . Victor wait impatiently as Sophia finish type . she set aside the article and dutifully take a forkful and eat it . Victor watch she closely as she chew , taste , swallow . sophia delicious . you best yet . really . Sophia reach for the article just as a piece of pasta slip off a lamp and fall onto the page . she pick it off . Sophia 's affirmation have not convinced Victor , he taste just the sauce as if try to pinpoint a flaw . victor there 's not too much garlic ? Sophia look up from she laptop - a little annoyed . sophia just enough garlic . victor too spicy ? sophia good spice . she try to go back to work . he 's still stand there . victor maybe it need more basil ? sophia ( exasperate ) Victor I be say it 's delicious . victor you be say it 's delicious but you be not tell I it 's delicious . sophia sweetie , please , I have to finish this , Bobby need this tonight , I still have to pack , could you think out loud in the kitchen ? you be not do much for my concentration . realization flash in Victor 's eye . he taste again . victor that 's it . it 's too concentrate . Victor plant a big kiss on a startle Sophia . victor thanks babe . Sophia shake she head and go back to work as Victor head into the kitchen mutter to himself . ext . apartment build , new york -- morning the door of the building open . Sophia and Victor emerge . she be carry a suitcase as he follow she read a gourmet Magazine . they walk down the step to a wait cab . victor passport ? sophia yep . victor ticket ? sophia yep . victor apartment reservation ? sophia yep . victor euros ? sophia yep . victor suitcase ? they reach the cab . she turn to he . smirk . sophia I have mine . he look down at he empty hand . victor shit . he run back into the building as she put she case in the trunk and get in the cab . int . cab -- later Sophia wait . the trunk be slam and Victor get in . sophia JFK please . victor actually , sweetie , I just have to make one stop . she know where . she just look at he . int . victor' restaurant -- day the restaurant be basically a building site . it 's a fantastic space but right now it would take a experience eye to fully appreciate it 's potential . Victor be look at a assortment of light fitting with MARK , he bartender . Sophia walk through the mess with a slightly detach air of curiosity . builder be at work all around she . her cell ring . she check the id . take a breath . answer : sophia hey Bobby . int . magazine editor' office . where : bobby brooks , editor - in - chief , a rotund , bald , but benevolent look man be talk on a wireless earpiece in a cluttere office . he 's look at a 8x10 photograph of Donald trump . bobby why can not we say trump 's comb over wrap around clockwise ? I be look at the picture we be run with the piece . it 's wrapping clockwise . intercut : Sophia have make she way outside the restaurant . sophia you can say it . you just can not state it as a fact . bobby it work better as a fact . it 's a fun little detail . people love fun little detail . sophia I look at every picture I could find of he in the last ten year . I talk to he stylist . the hair change . it 's a fact if you qualify with " usually " or " typically " bobby people hate qualifier . Sophia shrug as if to say " what do you want I to say ? " sophia that be the fact . bobby yeah well you fact be get in the way of my fun . Bobby set the picture aside . a beat . sophia hey . while I have you . I want to talk you about something ... Sophia be pace now . she 's visibly nervous - like she 's debate whether or not to just get off the phone . bobby talk . sophia well . I be think . since I be go to Italy already . maybe I could try do a travel piece or something as a feature or -- bobby I have writer that do travel feature . you do not do travel feature . you do fact check . sophia yeah . I know . I just . I be think I could try something new . bobby why do you want to try something new ? you be good at fact check . too good . Bobby 's Assistant hurry out to answer a ringing phone . sophia I feel like I can contribute more -- bobby you contribute plenty . my writer count on you . they can not do what they do unless you do what you do . you be good at something , be happy for that , be grateful for it , a lot of people be good at nothing . sophia yeah . I guess . it 's just -- his Assistant signal that Bobby need to take the call . bobby keep swinging in you wheelhouse . you will get more hit . she sigh - deflate . Bobby suddenly remember something . bobby oh and I need a table at babbo this Friday . can you take care of it ? sophia seriously Bobby . you do know that you have a new assistant ? bobby I do . but she do not know the maitre d' . you do . you get it ? sophia I get it . bobby you be one in a million kid . he roll to that wait call . int . cab -- later Sophia sit stare out the window , lose in she thought . Victor get in , breathless and excited . victor verona here we come . he notice Sophia not share he enthusiasm . victor what 's wrong ? Sophia just kind of shake she head as if to say " nothing " . victor what would Bobby want ? sophia to argue about which direction trump 's comb over wrap . victor counter clockwise ? sophia he still treat I like I be he assistant . he will always treat I like I be he assistant . victor it 's not that bad . he value you . hey , you have get job security right ? she just look at he . sophia right . content he 's make she feel better Victor dive back into he gourmet Magazine . they ride in silence . until . sophia I take the job because I think it would be a step stone ... to feature , or cover , or something . but there be no step , there be no stone , there 's just Donald trump 's hair . she sigh - a sigh that 's look for reassurance . victor you know you could always come work with I at the restaurant . sophia I know . and I appreciate it . victor you would be great in fine dining . sophia so I have be tell ... by you . victor you would be . you be beautiful , smart , funny . you could run the place if you want . she smile . sophia you just say I be beautiful . you never tell I I be beautiful . victor you know you be beautiful . he put a arm around she and pull she towards he . victor come on . cheer up . just forget it . that 's why we be go to Italy right ? to forget everything ... the magazine , the restaurant . sophia we be go to verona to meet the supplier for you restaurant . how be we suppose to forget about it ? victor it 's not just gonna be about the restaurant . sophia it 's fine . victor it 's not just gonna be about the restaurant . we be gonna relax , see the sight , shop the store , it will not just be about the restaurant , I promise . it 's gonna be great ... Sophia want to believe he but still look skeptical . victor we be go to the home of Romeo and juliet . how romantic be that ? sophia do not exactly work out for they though do it ? ext . narrow STREET , verona -- day a street that embody true verona , hide away from the well - wear tourist route . a small restaurant run down one side of the street with table fill with local eat lunch . Sophia sit on the balcony of a rent apartment just above this restaurant . she 's read a guide book to verona while occasionally look down on life in the street below . int . rented apartment -- bedroom -- later Sophia walk in from the balcony look at she guide book just as Victor come out of the bathroom drying he hair . sophia so I think we should start with the verona Arena then head over to the museo castelvecchio ... Victor take the guide book from she , toss it on the bed . victor no , no , no , no , what be you do ? that stuff 's for tourist . to discover the true heart and soul of any country , first you have to indulge in it 's smell and taste . she just look at he . sometimes he 's so full of it . ext . italian countryside -- day a small fiat cinquecento race down a road that cut through the heart of the countryside . int . winery -- day Victor taste a variety of wine with a dash viticoltore . Sophia be try to talk with one of the field hand who just bring in a bushel of grape when she see Victor by the wine barrel wave she over with he camera . she sigh . int . in front of that wine barrel : Victor and the viticoltore pose with they glass raise in toast for Sophia who prepare to take they picture . as she camera flash we cut to the still photo itself . ext . edge of forest outside verona -- day the middle of nowhere . the kind of place where the mob bury body . Sophia seem acutely aware of this . Sophia and Victor be with a furtive look man dress in army camo fatigue . there 's a SMALL dog at he side . the man be hold a cloth cover basket . he remove the cloth with a theatrical flourish to reveal a basket full of truffle . Victor take one out and smell it . he 's awestruck . victor wow. 10 . Sophia check she watch . shake she head . flash CUT to : Victor , the man and Dog pose with the basket of truffle . ext . farmhouse , italy -- day a rustic farmhouse set in the middle of acre of olive . int . olive PRESS -- later it 's dank and dark . no electricity . no indoor plumbing . Victor sit at the end of long table taste olive oil with a gnarled , walnut color old man . there be dozen of bottle of emerald green olive oil in - front of they . Sophia have wander to the other side of the room where she watch worker operate a ancient olive press . something drip on she from the ceiling . Victor dip a piece of bread in a saucer of oil and taste it . he 's in seventh heaven . he pick up a bottle . victor this be the one . Sophia be talk with one of the worker when she see Victor wave to she from across the room with that camera . flash CUT to : Victor and he choose bottle of olive oil pose in front of the ancient olive press with the Old man . int . curing room -- later Victor and Sophia be in a huge ham curing room . it 's basically a giant , poorly - light shack full of ham . there 's a row of cure pig head hang from hook . Sophia stare at one of they . it stare back . this unsettle she . a butcher slice thin piece of prosciutto for they to taste . Sophia turn down she taste - still stare at the pig head . Victor taste he , chew , then close he eye . victor that 's incredible . can you imagine when people in the City taste this ? ( more ) 11 . victor ( cont would ) I see line . wait . maybe we should have a deli next to the restaurant . sophia that 's actually not a bad idea . victor I know , I know , I be on fire . she have a think . then take out she cell and step outside . ext . manhattan . where : Bobby be hustling down a congest street . he 's walk fast like he 's late for something . his cell ring . he answer . bobby Bobby brook . intercut : Sophia just outside the shack of ham on she cell . sophia what if I do a piece on the food ? bobby a expose on how good italian food be . bold , kid . I smell a pulitzer . sophia you know the Mediterranean diet be one of the healthiest in the world ? they have the lowest incidence of coronary disease in Europe because of all the pulse they eat ... Bobby shake he head - she just do not get it . bobby Jesus , Sophia . I give you a vacation . go vacate . get drunk , go to a museum , get drunk then go to a museum . Sophia look at Victor through the window get ready to taste a piece of one of the pig head . she look nauseous . bobby o/s I gotta go . stop abuse my cell . sophia wait . what if I ... Bobby be about to walk into a high rise . 12 . bobby ciao Bella . he hang up . she look at she cell - disappointed , deflate . then she see Victor wave she over with he camera through the window . she roll she eye and dutifully walk back in . flash CUT to : Victor and the Butcher pose with a huge ham between they . ext . curing room -- later Sophia and Victor walk back to they car . victor I gotta meet my durum wheat guy - best durum wheat in North Italy ... she look at he blankly . victor you know , for pasta . sophia right . victor if we leave now we should be able to get up there before he close . sophia I think I will pass . victor hon ? the best durum wheat in all of Italy . be not you curious ? sophia yeah . sure . I just ... I needa break . do you mind ? he look at she . a disappointed beat . victor alright . I will drop you in town . she smile affectionately at he pout . victor you be miss out though . she kiss he . 13. sophia I know . ext . outdoor cafe , verona -- day Sophia sit at table on the patio by herself sip coffee . the town bustles around she . she 's get she laptop open . and a blank note book open beside that . she stare disdainfully at the blink cursor on a blank word document as if willing it to inspire she . she finish she coffee and look around at the local and tourist chat , laugh , shopping . she look about ready to give up when something catch she eye through the crowd ... a young girl about fourteen year old be sit on a curb at the entrance to a courtyard across the street from Sophia . the girl be read a letter through a flood of tear . the constant stream of people pass by on they way in and out of the courtyard hardly seem to notice she . but Sophia have . the girl look up from she letter and see Sophia watch she . she look back through that tear and the crowd . they look at each other long and hard . Sophia smile . the girl look away . the girl 's shoulder heave with a great silent sob as she take a last look at the letter , sign it , put it a envelope then disappear through the courtyard entrance . Sophia watch she go . a beat of consideration . then she pack up she laptop , put money on the table and leave . ext . courtyard casa DI giulietta -- via capello verona -- day Sophia enter a strange , eerily quiet scene . this be the suppose courtyard of juliet capulet 's house . it 's become a shrine to teenage girl , they conversation be subdued . there 's a atmosphere of almost religious reverence . Sophia walk past a group of girl look up at the balcony . another group gaze upon the statue of juliet - she leave breast polished from year of superstitious touch . Sophia finally come upon the girl from the street , so desperate yet so full of hope . she 's stand before a wall that 's cover in envelope and letter . 14 . some be wedge between brick , other be hold in place by chew gum , but all be address to the same name : " juliet " Sophia watch as the girl find a place for she letter . she leave it and turn to go . the girl be wiping away tear as she pass Sophia on she way out of the courtyard . they eye meet . sophia be you ok ? the girl either do not understand she or have no interest in discuss she problem with a stranger . she leave without a word . Sophia watch she go . bella 0 /s her heart be break . Sophia turn to find a pretty italian woman in she twenty who just watch that whole exchange . she be bella . sophia do you know she ? Bella shake she head . sophia how do you know she heart 's break ? nod to she letter on the wall . bella she write to juliet . sophia and ? bella when you leg be break , you go to the doctor . when you heart be break , you come to juliet . Bella approach the wall . Sophia follow she . she look over the dozen of proclamation of love and long . sophia there be so many of they . bella it 's like this every day . sophia why do they do it ? 15 . bella they want answer . sophia that they will never get . bella say who ? and with that she start collect the letter , beginning with the girl 's from the street . Sophia be startle at this intrusion , it do not seem right . sophia hey . whoa. wait . what be you do ? you can not do that . bella why can not I ? sophia because it 's like take penny out of a wishing well or something , this be people 's wish , you can not just take people 's wish . bella but then how be we suppose to give they answer ? this throw Sophia . she give Bella a inquire look . sophia who 's we ? bella come . I will show you . they walk out of the courtyard and across a alley to a restaurant . Sophia look up and see that it 's call : " lettere a giulietta " . int . lettere a giulietta restaurant -- later Bella walk through the restaurant into the kitchen . Sophia follow . the kitchen be very busy . in the middle of it all be the head chef , angelina , a round woman in she sixty with a no nonsense air about she . she 's bark order at she staff when Bella and Sophia approach . ( italian in italic ) 16 . bella mama , this be Sophia , I be just gonna show she upstairs . angelina smile at Sophia . Sophia smile back . angelina look at the basket of letter Bella be carry . angelina look like you will be have a busy night . Bella nod then turn to Sophia . bella this way . they walk through the kitchen and up some stair into ... int . the office of the secretary of juliet -- later it 's a small modern - look office just above the restaurant . Big arching window overlook a courtyard , poster on the wall show scene from " Romeo and juliet " movie of the past . there be desk and filing cabinet and computer . Three friendly - look women look up as Sophia and Bella walk in . bella lady , this be Sophia . Sophia kind of half wave at the smile woman . bella this be the secretaries of juliet . we respond to the letter she receive from around the world . sophia you mean you actually write back ? to everyone ? Bella smile . bella we give answer . int . the secretary ' office -- later Bella lead Sophia on a tour of the office . 17 . sophia so ? how do you decide which of you answer which letter ? bella we all have we area of expertise . they pass a kindly look woman in she seventies , maria . bella Maria have be happily marry for fifty - one year so she tend to handle mostly marital issue ... at the next desk be a bookish woman in she late fifty who have the air of someone who have see it all , francesca . bella francesca make she live as a nurse so she usually do illness and caring for the sick ... lastly they approach a diminutive elderly woman read a letter and slowly shaking she head , donatella . bella donatella have twelve child , twenty - seven grandchild , and six great grandchild ... ( obviously ) she handle family matter . sophia and what about you ? Bella hesitates to answer . the other woman all look up from they work with big smile at this question . donatella anything to do with love ... maria Bella be we romantic ... francesca we hopeless romantic ... bella at least I be some kind of romantic . Sophia be still try to get she head around all of it . sophia so ? who pay for all this ? 18 . bella we be all volunteer . we pitch in what we can when we need to . Bella nod . Sophia be blow away . sophia wow . Maria walk over with the basket of letter Bella collect . maria we be gonna start read . Bella notice Sophia look curiously at the letter . bella would you like to help ? sophia oh . no. I should not . I could not . I be not much of a expert on love or romance or ... Bella gently place a letter write in English in she hand . bella you just have to read . Sophia take the letter . close on : envelope be open with postage mark from all over the world . a volunteer translator work to transcribe some of the letter write in foreign dialect . Sophia and the secretaries sit read and sorting the day 's letter . as they read , we watch they reaction as we hear certain portion of that letter read to we by the author . the voice be young and old , different accent , different tone , but all be drench in the same sense of long . italian girl v/o " dear juliet , how do you know when you be in love ? can you know ?... " australian woman v/o " , .. duliet , I do not think I want to marry he but I so want to get marry . what should I do ?... " 19 . american teen v/o " ... be it weird to think sex be gross ? I mean cause it kinda be , right ? I be not like weird for think that be I ?... " Sophia place the teen 's letter in one of several pile . int . the secretary ' office -- later that evening the letter have be read and sort . the secretaries be busy compose they response - all by hand . Sophia sit watch Bella write . sophia do you ever worry about be wrong ? bella what do you mean ? sophia you be give answer but how do you know they be the right answer ? Bella consider the question for a beat . bella we do not tell anyone what to do , we just share we experience , we let they know they be not alone . there be no wrong right or wrong answer when you write from you heart . Sophia smile at that sentiment . int . just outside a board room in new york . where : Bobby have excuse himself from a editor 's meeting to take a call . the look on he face tell we he regret do so . bobby so people all over the world be crazy enough to write love letter and ask the advice of a fictional teenage suicide ... and this woman be all crazy enough to write back under the alias of the very same fictional teenage suicide ... be that pretty much the gist of it ? 20 . intercut : Sophia be on she phone in the secretaries ' office . she stutter and stammer - try to spin it . sophia well . yeah . no. I would probably focus more on they move , self - less attempt to ... spread hope , and answer love 's unanswer question . Bobby consider for a beat - a beat more than usual . before : bobby it 's not a feature . there 's no hook . get I a hook then maybe , just maybe , I will let you go fishing ... and Sophia ? sophia ( hopeful ) yeah ? bobby next time you call it better be to find out what kind of wine I like . ext . lettere a giulietta restaurant -- patio -- the next day Sophia sit at a table with she laptop open . she 's glaring at that cursor blink on that blank document . Bella approach with a huge bowl of pasta top with steaming meatball in a tomato sauce . sophia I do not order ... bella my mother 's meatball , they be legendary . just a little thank you for you help last night . sophia " Little " ? Victor approach carry the verona guide book , smile . victor supplier meeting be officially do . I be all yours as promise . ( he kiss she ) you want to check out that museo ... whatever it 's call ? 21 . Sophia turn to Bella . sophia Victor , this be Bella , she 's one of the secretaries I tell you about . Bella smile at Victor but he 's not look at she just now . he 's catch a scent . victor what 's that smell ? he look at the plate in front of she . sophia Victor ? he pick up she plate and stick he nose very close to it and inhale deeply . he 's staggered by the aroma . victor my God . he grab she fork and taste . he groan with pleasure . bella you like ? victor D ' you know what 's in this ? bella oregano , garlic , parsley , bread ... he shake he head " no " then pause for effect . victor History . year and year , generation and generation , of history . who make this ? sophia her mother . victor I have to meet she . Victor go without wait for Bella who look at Sophia curiously then follow he . Sophia be alone at the table . she look at the meatball suspiciously then taste one . sophia that 's a good meatball . 22 . ext . lettere a giulietta restaurant -- patio -- evening Sophia 's plate be long since empty . she look at it and then at she watch . she get up and head back towards the ... int . kitchen . where : she find Victor in chef 's white cooking with angelina . he look up at Sophia as she walk in . victor have you meet angelina ? sophia I have . victor she 's a genius . sophia she be . angelina he 's such a charmer . sophia be not he just ? ( hold up the guide book ) so ? you about ready to go ? he hesitates . Victor tread lightly around the follow : victor yeah , sure , here 's the thing though , angelina 's offer to let I work a dinner service with she tonight . she 's gonna teach I to make that marinara . can you imagine that marinara in Manhattan ? Sophia be clearly annoyed . sophia and what be I suppose to do ? Bella step forward . bella you could always help we . Victor jump all over this suggestion . 23 . victor great idea . that be a great idea . you write . I will cook . win-win . Sophia just look at he , think about argue , then do not . ext . courtyard casa DI giulietta -- later Sophia and Bella gather up the day 's letter in silence . Sophia be clearly still miff about Victor bail on she . bella you Victor be very ... passionate . sophia about food . my Victor be very passionate about food . this revelation unsettle Bella she look like she want to say something more but stop herself . they finish collect and be head out when Sophia notice a letter they miss stick on a remote corner of the wall . sophia forget one . Sophia jog back to get it when she pull it from the ancient wall , a large piece of mortar fall at she foot . she look back at Bella as if to " sorry . " Bella shrug it off . bella it happen . Sophia pick up the piece of mortar and try to slide it back in place when something catch she eye hide deep within the newly make crack in the wall . it look like paper . Sophia slide she finger into the crack . she manage to grab the paper and pull it out . she stare in amazement . close on : a envelope . it 's old and stain . the write be quaintly old fashioned in that spidery kind of way . sophia o/s - prelap look at the date ... int . secretary of juliet office -- later bella 1951 ! my god. 24 . the secretaries be gather around Sophia who be hold a old handwritten letter . bella what do it say ? sophia " I do not go to he , juliet . I do not go to alfonso . I be on holiday with my parent ; he be a local boy , he pick grape at a vineyard . it be he eye . I still remember the first time that eye find I . my parent would never approve so we make plan to run away . we be suppose to meet at that vineyard but when the time come , I could not bring myself to go . my parent and I return to London the next morning . I be so afraid . I fear the only thing worse than not be with he would be know he do not want to be with I . please , tell I what to do . with love , Claire Smith . " silence . Sophia just stare at the letter , affect . bella I think she come back . she fly in the face of she parent and she friend to find she one true love . and she make sweet love to she alfonso for the rest of she life . francesca I think she find he . they have ten child . then he get old and bald and fat and she wonder every day what happen to that gorgeous Romeo she leave she family for . maria I think she stay in England where she marry a Duke and live happily ever after in he castle ... donatella and I will bet when she 's make love to that Duke she 's imagine she first love . I do that all the time . everyone laugh except Sophia who 's still hold the letter . 25 . sophia I would like to write back . the woman all stop laugh and look at she . maria why ? she 's probably move . donatella or die . francesca probably move and die . sophia probably . but she want a answer . Bella smile at this she give Sophia a pen and paper . bella so give she one . CUT to : shot of : the secretaries quietly go about read and replying to that day 's batch of letter efficiently . they write dozen of different letter throughout the night . but Sophia work only on that one letter to Claire Smith . she choose each word carefully . int . secretary of juliet office -- later that night the secretaries have leave for the evening . only Bella and Sophia remain . Bella look over she shoulder at Sophia 's letter - it 's rather long at this point . bella let 's hope if she get it she have some time on she hand . sophia too long ? bella no ... ( smile ) -..- not for a novella . Bella put on she coat and head out the door . 26 . bella lock the door and turn off the light when you be do , ok . int . secretary of juliet office -- even later that night Sophia have finally finish the letter . she 's address the envelope and put on a stamp . she stretch , yawn . there 's a knock at the door . Sophia turn to find Victor come in with a plate of anti pasti . she smile . he smile back . sophia hey you . he set down the plate of food and kiss she . victor you have fun play secretary ? sophia I do actually . I forget what it be like to just write . it be nice . victor I be glad . sophia how would it go with angelina ? victor it be unreal . I think I be good but she 's outta my league . she cook from feel . no measurement , no timer , no prep , everything 's fresh , she 's incredible . I could learn a lot from she in a week ... silence as he let that last sentence just hang there . Sophia realize what he 's ask , why he bring she the anti pasti . she stop eat it and just look at he . sophia you promise this trip would not just be about the restaurant ? victor I know . I know I do . but this be a chance to learn sixty year of culinary knowledge in a week . it 's a once - in - a- life time opportunity for I - for we ... 27 . Sophia sigh . victor but I have not say yes yet . and I do promise you . so ? if you say do not do it , I will not do it . Sophia know she can not tell he not to . sophia ok . victor be that ok like it 's really not ok ? sophia it 's just ok . that 's good enough . he kiss she . she try to smile . he put he arm around she as they walk to the door . Sophia turn the light off and drop she letter in the out box . i/e. verona . various of : Sophia explore the street of verona . she walk across the Roman ponte pietro to look at the river . she shop in a street market in the centre of the city . she tour the verona Arena and the museo castelvecchio . she eat dinner with Victor and angelina . Victor be chat up angelina about the food . Sophia sit quietly sip wine . she walk down the chic via mazzini casually window - browsing all the boutique . she have a few carrier bag in she hand . int . lettere a giulietta restaurant -- kitchen -- evening Victor enjoy himself in the kitchen amongst all the noise and chaos . he 's chopping , stir , taste , the guy sweat enthusiasm . he taste a bowl of meatball and marinara , nod he satisfaction , then refuse to let the waiter take they out . victor no , no . I will do it . Victor pick up the bowl , make the sign of the cross , then should barge he way out into the restaurant where ... 28 . the secretaries of juliet be sit at a long table with angelina , drink wine and laugh loudly . Victor proudly place the bowl of meatball in the middle of the table and then declare in he best flaw italian : victor lady , I give you my ball . there be a pause before the woman burst out laugh . victor please , help yourselves . maria if be thirty year young I would . the woman laugh again and start serve they out . francesca attempt angelina 's meatball ... either very brave or very stupid . they all taste they , adjudicate as they chew . for Victor this be sheer agony . all eye be on angelina . it seem like a eternity before she start to slowly nod she head approvingly . the other follow suit and start clap . Victor be so overcome that he sweep angelina into he arm and kiss the old woman passionately on the lip . everyone cheer . angelina be quite flustered and flushed by the kiss . sophia I remember when he use to have that effect on I . Bella laugh and stand up tapping she wine glass . bella to we new friend . who leave we tomorrow as they continue onto palermo but will remain in we heart . to Victor and Sophia . everyone raise they glass . all to Victor and Sophia ! they clink and drink . Victor take in the moment . he smile at Sophia like someone try to keep a secret who can not . 29 . victor Sophia ? she turn to see he smile big at she . sophia what ? victor I want you to be my front of house . sophia you what ? Victor theatrically drop to one knee - play to the crowd . victor ( take she hand ) will you be my front of house ? a beat of confusion . sophia be that like code or a metaphor or something ? victor I want you to run the restaurant . she just stare at he - flabbergasted . he stand up . sophia what about my job ? victor you hate you job . sophia but I love write . I still want to write . you know that . victor you always talk about take a step forward , make a change , this be a change . sophia I be think more like a change to the New Yorker not Zagat . silence . this be not go how Victor have envision . 30 . victor I want we to do this together . it will not be the same without you . Sophia do not know what to say or where to look . she just stare at he speechless . before she can answer a subtly handsome englishman enter the restaurant . he be charlie . charlie Excuse I , I be sorry to interrupt , but be you the secretaries of juliet ? bella you find they . charlie great . so which one of you write this letter to my grandmother , Claire Smith ? Sophia can not believe it . how fantastic ! she step forward . sophia I write it . charlie it be a very thoughtful letter . sophia thank you . charlie now if you would not mind tell I what the hell you be think ? a deathly silence . this be not what she be expect . int . lettere a giulietta restaurant -- later Sophia and Charlie sit at table remove from the other . Victor be visible in the background serve the secretaries . sophia she deserve a answer . charlie fifty seven year ago maybe . not now . sophia why not ? 31 . charlie because she be a fifteen - year - old girl then . she 's a seventy - two - year - — old woman now . sophia I can do math . math be not a reason not to write a letter . charlie it be a teenage infatuation , a holiday romance , can you imagine what could have happen if she have not see sense ? sophia well you would not be here , I mean at all . which I would have to say would be a upside . charlie what good do you think could possibly come from write she that letter ? sophia what harm could come from it ? pause as they eye each other up . sophia so that 's it ? you come all the way from England to give I a lecture , I be impressed . or do you just happen to be in town ? charlie no , I come because I could not let my grandmother come on she own . sophia Claire 's here ? why ? charlie I think even you might be able to work that one out . sophia oh my God , she 's come to find she alfonso , that 's awesome , I want to meet she . 32 . charlie I want to play for Manchester United but I be shit at football . sophia you honestly do not think she would want to meet I ? charlie I honestly think she have no interest in meeting a woman who can manage to jam " oh my God " and " awesome " into the same sentence . sophia do you ask she ? charlie it just would not occur to she . sophia where be you stay ? charlie ( laugh ) D ' you really think I be that stupid ? sophia I have not decide yet . a beat . Charlie get up from the table . sophia why do you come here tonight ? charlie I be just curious to see what kind of imbecile would think write that letter be such a great idea . I should have know it would be a american . good night . he stride out of the restaurant . Sophia be appal at he rudeness and be stick to she chair for a moment . she look across the room at Victor serve the secretaries they entree . they applaud he effort . he 's beam . Sophia think for a beat . then grab she coat and leave . 33 . ext . lettere a giulietta restaurant -- later Sophia emerge from the restaurant and look around to see which way Charlie have go . she spot he and start to follow he at a discreet distance . at one point he get the feel he 's be follow and stop . he quickly turn around just as Sophia duck into a shop doorway . finally he arrive at he hotel and head inside . Sophia wait for a moment before head in herself . int . HOTEL verona -- reception -- later Sophia wait as the receptionist look something up on a computer screen . receptionist Claire Smith - room 32 . sophia thank you . int . HOTEL verona -- corridor -- later Sophia walk down the hallway to room 32 . she 's nervous as she take a deep breath and knock on the door . she adjust she hair and straighten she dress . the door open . and she face drop as she be confront by Charlie . charlie ( whisper ) what the bloody hell be you do here ? he move out pull the door semi-close behind he . sophia I think maybe even you can work that one out . charlie I tell you she do not want to meet you . sophia you tell I it would not occur to she to want to meet I . a voice come from inside the room . 34 . claire 0 /s who be it Charlie ? sophia ( shout ) my name be Sophia . I write the letter . claire 0 /s well for goodness sake come in . Charlie look dagger at she then reluctantly open the door . int . claire' room -- continuous Sophia walk into the room and there she be , claire smith , a regal beauty at the age of seventy two . she get up and for a fleeting moment , bath in a veronese backlight , she almost look like the fifteen year old who send that letter all that year ago . they take each other 's hand and do not let go . they take a long look at each other - so many question on either side sophia you look like I think you would look . claire since you write to a fifteen - year - old I will take that as a compliment . Sophia smile . Claire smile . Charlie be not smile . claire how do you find we ? sophia Charlie find I , actually . Claire turn to Charlie who shrug as if to say " surprise " . sophia he tell I you be here and say you might like to meet I . claire how uncharacteristically thoughtful of you dear . slight pause . he look at Sophia who smile innocently . 35 . charlie well , in the circumstance , it seem a little churlish not to meet the person responsible for this voyage of lunacy . claire Charlie do not approve . which make it all the more fun . would you like some tea ? oh no , of course , you be american . we will order coffee . Charlie ? he obediently go to the phone . int . claire' room -- later they all sit have coffee while Claire talk . claire I wait for a reply to that letter for two year . once I even pluck up the courage to run away and find he . but it only last as far as waterloo Station , I be afraid . charlie so why be it you never mention he to I till last week then ? claire it be such a long time ago , dear . and I meet you grandfather and over the year I do my best to forget that summer in Tuscany and the bronze adonis of a boy who kiss I for the first time . he be the first person to ever tell I I be beautiful . and boy do it sound more romantic in italian . sophia I will bet . claire '' Clara , siete cosi bella . '' charlie but you and gramp be happy enough , be not you ? 36 . claire that 's exactly right - happy enough . we be a '' good couple '' with much to be grateful for . except for you Charlie , you have be the bane of my existence . Sophia smile , intrigue by this two . claire then when Jack die - there 's a lot of Jack in Charlie , funnily enough - I grieve profoundly for year . but as time go by he memory become a distant , warm glow , instead of a searing pain in my side . then , unexpectedly , at odd hour of the day , in my dream at night , I find myself think about alfonso ... which make it all the more extraordinary when , out of the blue , you letter arrive . I be so grateful you write it . there be so many reason not to . charlie I will say . sophia so what happen now ? claire well the thing be , I think we have find he . sophia really ? where ? claire just outside verona . quite close to where he use to live , actually . sophia no ! that 's incredible . claire Charlie think it 's a dreadful mistake . sophia it will be fine , really it will . Sophia look at she watch . sophia I be so sorry . I have to go . I be fly down to palermo with my boyfriend for a few day before we go home . he 's find some kind of weird cheese down there . claire ( slightly disappointed ) of course you be . thank you so much for the letter . 37 . they hug . Sophia turn to Charlie who extend he hand stiffly . charlie it 's be a pleasure . sophia I guess you idea of pleasure and mine be two very different thing . for a moment he seem charme by she directness and honesty . he smile . Claire give she a piece of paper . claire my phone number back in London . will you call I ? sophia I will . I have to know how it end . int . verona apartment -- bedroom -- later that Sophia and Victor be in the middle of pack Sophia 's head be still in Claire 's hotel room . night for palermo . Victor be focus intently on pack , he 's not really listen . sophia I so hope it work out for she ... victor hmm . sophia I mean imagine if they find each other after fifty year ... victor that would be something . 38 . sophia because I find a letter in a wall , it 's crazy , it 's like no story that 's ever be tell ... victor right . Sophia pause on this think . then the penny drop . sophia I have to write it . victor you can start on the plane . sophia I have to stay . Victor 's listen now . victor wait . what ? sophia I have to know out how it end . victor what about palermo ? the cheese ? sophia you do not need I for cheese . you can pick I up on you way back . I will write . you taste . win win . Sophia start unpack she suitcase . Victor stammer . victor can not we at least discuss this ? sophia I start it . I have to finish it . victor but ? who be this people ? you be just gonna go off with they ? they could be serial killer ... sophia killer who oh-so-cleverly plant a half century old love letter ina wall for I to find . how devious . 39 . she smile , keep unpack . Victor just stand there rack he brain for a reason she have to come with he . victor but ? who 's gonna take the picture ? int . HOTEL verona -- lobby -- later Sophia be walk through Claire 's hotel on she cell phone . sophia I already have the title : " do true Love have a shelf life ? " intercut : Bobby in he office on the phone with Sophia . he 's eat chinese food as he scroll through and answer e-mail . bobby you can not actually think she will find this guy ? a hundred buck say he 's dead , marry or gay . sophia but what if he 's not ? what if she do ? what if that spark be still there after fifty year ? he can not . he nod to himself . take a bite of a egg roll . bobby could be something there . sophia so I should write it ? bobby you can write it . do not mean I will print it . Sophia smile - good enough for she . int . HOTEL verona -- corridor -- later Sophia be stand at Claire 's door . Charlie open it . sophia hi ! charlie oh god. 40 . ext . street of verona -- day Sophia , Claire and Charlie walk through the street towards juliet 's house . Charlie cast a disbely glance at Sophia - what be she do here ? claire alfonso have such a way with plant . work that field be spiritual for he . he would always talk about the land in Tuscany , the way it smell , the moisture in the soil , perfect for the grape he have grow there one day . he use to say all he need to be happy be day in that field and night with I . Sophia smile at this . claire when he be work I have pray for the sun to come out because then he would have to take off he shirt . charlie nana ! claire he be so solid and brown . the sweat would glisten off he back like little jewel . the think of it still send shiver down my spine . charlie alright , I think we get the picture . claire what , you do not approve of you old gran have carnal thought ? charlie oh for heaven 's sake . claire you be such a prude . and you be ageist . charlie I be not ! I love old people . 4l. sophia so long as they be not think dirty thought . Charlie bristle . before he can think of a deat reply ... sophia here we be . they walk into juliet 's courtyard . claire gosh , I remember this so well . we be on we way home . I be so sad . then I look up at she a think - she would know what to do . I will ask she . sophia sorry it take she so long to get back to you . Claire smile . claire no matter . I be here now . a familiar voice come from behind they . bella 0 /s be this she ? Sophia turn and find Bella hold a basket of the day 's letter . Bella be look at Claire . sophia Claire . this be Bella . she 's one of the secretaries . charlie ah yes , another interfere busybody . perfect . neither Bella nor Claire pay he any mind . they smile . bella it 's such a pleasure to meet you . claire and such a honor to meet you . Claire go to shake she hand but Bella grab she and hug she and kiss she on both cheek . 42. int . lettere a giulietta restaurant -- later Claire be the guest of honor at the head of a table with Charlie , Sophia and the rest of the secretaries . they be eat dinner . the secretaries be all smile at Claire . bella be you nervous ? claire a bit I suppose . what if I have turn he into something he be not ? he 's always exist in my mind 's eye as a model of perfection . like a ' 57 bentley Continental . what if he 's actually a clapped out old Alfa Romeo with bundle of nose hair ? what if he do not remember I at all - if I be simply not to he what he be to I ? slight pause as they all think about this . Charlie wade in . charlie right . let 's go home then before it all end in tear . sophia what be it with you ? it 's like you really do not want this to work out . Charlie be aghast at such a suggestion - a little too aghast . charlie I be a realist not a fantasist , that 's the point . bella no it 's not . the point be you be English . maria no romance . francesca lot of cynicism . donatella cold as fish . charlie you do not have to be a cold fish to think the idea of true love last forever be ridiculous . ( more ) 43. charlie ( cont would ) actually , come to that , the very idea of true love at all leave one struggle . bella well in that case we take it all back . everyone laugh except Charlie . Claire smile softly at he . claire Charlie why do not you get yourself out of the line of fire and settle the bill ? he motion for the waiter to bring the bill . as soon as she see this angelina come stride across the restaurant . angelina no charge . charlie I be sorry we could not possibly ... angelina I be sorry , you can possibly . he look at she - realize this be not someone you mess with . ext . street of verona -- later that night the secretaries be walk with Claire , laugh and chat . Charlie and Sophia follow at a short distance . charlie you know , I be not the buttone up , buttock clenching , killjoy you lot be try to make I out to be . sophia right . we make you argue that true love be ridiculous . thanks for clear that up . charlie it 's just that I be genuinely worried for she . sophia she will be fine . 44 , charlie physically yes . but what if he break she heart ? what if he laugh in she face ? what if he do not remember she ? be it so unreasonable for I to worry about that ? sophia my gut say that will never happen . charlie then you really do have great faith in mankind than I do . they walk on watch the woman walk ahead . Sophia smile . charlie you really think it 's possible two people can be apart for so long and pick up right where they leave off ? Sophia reflect on the question . sophia I do not know . I hope it be . charlie why be you do this ? sophia to find out , I guess . ( smile ) plus I think I have get a bit of a crush on you grandmother . he look at she slightly disturb . int . HOTEL verona -- sophia' room -- night Sophia sit at a desk with she laptop open . she start to type . stop for a moment . she close the laptop . something do not feel right . int . HOTEL verona -- next morning Sophia , Claire and Charlie be load up the rental car . sophia before we go anywhere I need to be straight with you both . my be here be not entirely selfless . it start as that . ( more ) 45 . sophia ( cont would ) and I do want to help . but I have also like to write a article about what happen . I want to tell you story , Claire . charlie a bloody journalist ! I should have know . sophia hardly . I be a fact checker . I have never have a word publish . charlie and you think gran 's story be you ticket to be publish . yeah ? sophia I think she story be a story worth tell . Claire smile she approval . claire well I think that 's simply marvellous . we both get something out of it . it 's a what do you call it ? a win win . Sophia smile appreciatively . charlie I be so pleased for you both but where , exactly , do I fit in ? claire do not worry , dear . every story need a comedy character . she get into the car . Sophia smile at Charlie . sophia this be go to write itself . something start buzzing in she bag . she fish around in it and bring out she cell phone . she grimace . sophia I miss Victor . I have it on silent all night . he 's probably frantic . 46 . charlie I would be . I have have probably kill myself by now - in a most violent manner leave a poignant note which would haunt you forever . claire 0 /s ( from inside the car ) Charlie ! Sophia can not help but smile at Charlie as she dial Victor . sophia I hope he 's not too worried . int . a organic dairy farm in palermo . where : Victor 's look anything but worried as he 's enthralled with a assortment of sample of a stocky cheese maker be finest italian cheese . he 's a kid in a candy store . he taste some fresh make pecorino romano . it leave he speechless . his Black berry - set on silent - be flash on he belt buckle . close on : the display . the id read : " Sophia " CUT back to : Sophia put she phone away and get in the car with Charlie and Claire . charlie be he frantic ? sophia I could not get he . he 's probably out in the country out of range . charlie or he 's work on that note . Claire smack Charlie on the top of he head . Sophia laugh . sophia how about you ? be there some lucky girl who make you frantic ? charlie there be one - be one - until recently , Patricia . but the less say about she the better ... so currently , no , I be without '' frantic '' in my life and the sense of relief be palpable . 47 . sophia for everyone I be sure . i/e. car ( drive ) -- later they travel towards arezzo , Charlie drive , Claire beside he and Sophia in the back lean forward between the seat . sophia Victor use to work at this little italian place in the City . I would go there to work every week . I would get a double espresso and a water - no ice . and he would come by my table , tell joke , make small talk . then one week he buy my espresso , a week later he buy I lunch , then dinner , a week after that he cook I dinner at he place , and three month later I move in with he . claire how romantic . with a long that tell we this be as romantic as it get : sophia yeah ... it be ... charlie so you live with a waiter then . claire Charlie you be such a snob . charlie I be not . he might have be a bus boy . sophia he 's a chef actually . a talented one . he 's open he own place ... ( slight pause ) it 's gonna be great , I know it . he will not let it be anything else . claire sound like quite a catch . you mother must be pleased . sophia I be sure she would be . 48. Claire look worried she 's make a dreadful assumption . claire oh dear . have she pass on then ? sophia move on be more accurate . she leave when I be little . claire I be sorry . sophia ( shrugging it off ) do not be . I be not . Charlie look at she in the rear view mirror as she stare out of the window and see that nothing could be further from the truth as she display a rare moment of vulnerability . ext . farm house , outside verona -- later the car stop at a narrow country road in front of a old farmhouse surround by meadow and olive grove . Claire , Sophia , and Charlie look at the old house through the car window . Claire do not move . Sophia take she hand and give it a squeeze . Claire smile then get out of the car . ext . farm house -- front door -- later the trio approach the door . Charlie glance at Claire . she nod yes . Charlie reluctantly knock on the door . they wait a moment . nothing . he shrug . charlie no one in . come on . let 's go . sophia Charlie ?! he take Claire 's hand and start for the car . then the door open . they stop and turn as alfonso appear at the door ... he 's 73 , dark and ruggedly handsome . Sophia and Charlie gape . charlie ( in fluent italian ) be you alfonso De annunzio ? the man nod . Charlie and Sophia exchange a glance - we have find he ! - but ala Claire know immediately that : 49 . claire that 's not he . sophia be you sure ? claire it 's not he . sophia but he look ... claire it 's the eye . charlie do you remember what you be do in the summer of 1951 ? alfonso ( smile wistfully ) ah , the summer of 1951 , I will never forget it , I meet the most beautiful girl with long , brown hair ... charlie nana ! but Claire have already turn away , disappointed , and be walk towards the car . claire they be not he eye . it 's not he . alfonso we marry that year ... and she give I nothing but trouble from that day on ! I curse that woman ! charlie right ... he and Sophia follow Claire to the car as alfonso continue rave from he doorstep . alfonso I curse she eye ! I curse she tooth ! I curse she mustache ! they get into the car . a beat of silence . 50 . charlie right , well that 's that . we give it a fair shot . can not say we do not try . sorry nana . truly . sophia be you for real ? charlie if I actually know what that question mean , I might attempt to answer it . sophia he can not be the only alfonso De annunzio in Tuscany . charlie he 's the only one around here . be you suggest we knock on the door of every alfonso we can find ? sophia be you suggest we do not ? Charlie look at Claire . it 's obvious she want to keep look . Charlie sigh as if to say " Fine " . charlie this be madness . total madness . sophia how many can there be ? ext . HOTEL swimming pool -- the next day Claire be lie on a sun bed in the shade . Charlie swim relentlessly up and down the pool - quite clearly for exercise rather than pleasure . Sophia sit at a nearby table work away at she laptop . she finish type . sophia thirty six . claire that many ? Claire sigh . Sophia have a idea . sophia I might be able to find some picture online . give I a minute . 51 . at this point Charlie haul himself out of the pool . he have a surprisingly well tone body . this guy obviously work out . Sophia can not help but notice . sophia ( quietly to herself ) whoa . she see Claire smile at she . she blushes . sophia do I just say that out loud ? claire I believe '' rip '' be the appropriate modern term be not it ? sophia ( smile ) ok , here we go , I have find photo of two of they . Claire take a look and sigh . claire no. sorry . sophia so that leave we with thirty four . charlie ( approach ) thirty four what ? sophia contestant for italian idol . charlie fantastic ! he walk away drying himself off . sophia be he really unhappy about this or just pretend ? claire a bit of both I think . Claire watch Sophia work on she laptop as if weigh up whether she 's go to ask she what 's on she mind . claire tell I about you mother . 52 . sophia ( without look up ) nothing to tell . claire indulge a nosy old lady . slight beat . Sophia look at this woman with such kind eye and see someone who genuinely want to know . sophia there 's nothing much to say really . I be young . I do not remember much . then one day she just upped and leave . just like that . no warning , no note , no forward address , not even a goodbye or good luck . claire how old be you ? sophia I be ten . claire and you have not see she since ? sophia do not expect I ever will . claire that must have be very hard . Sophia shrug as if to say " not really " . sophia I start pack my own lunch , probably irone a few more of my dad 's shirt than I would have . claire you do not ever think about try to find she ? sophia I use to . until I realize that she do not feel like she could waste she time on I so why should I waste a minute of mine on she ? Sophia look down in a attempt to control she feeling . Claire take she hand and give it a squeeze . 53 . int . HOTEL restaurant -- night the three of they be have dinner . claire Charlie have you tell Sophia about the Green Alliance ? charlie can not imagine she would care . sophia try I . claire Charlie 's go to stand for parliament on the environment ticket . Sophia look genuinely surprised . charlie you know the kind of thing - plant tree , air fare tax , bicycle lane , eliminate car from Central London - great idea , pity it do not stand a chance , really . sophia that 's amazing . charlie you look surprised . sophia I guess I be . I do not have you pin as a " save the planet " type . charlie and what type do you have I pin down for , exactly ? sophia I do not know . I be lean towards the " elitist Oxford prig " type but now that you mention it " self - satisfied do gooder " fit too . charlie well thank you very much . Sophia laugh . so do Charlie . Claire smile at this . 54 . claire oh do not be fool by all the posture he 's just a little teddy bear really . she ruffle up he hair . charlie get off ! claire he 's still try to work out we carbon print for this little jaunt . charlie anther good reason not to have come . claire he will have I plant tree for month . ( she yawn ) well I be off to my bed . you two be nice to each other now . she kiss they both on the head and leave . sophia she 's incredible . charlie yeah she 's alright . but with she go it seem they have nothing to talk about . so they just sit there in silence . a pantomime of embarrassment . a exchange of awkward smile . then finally . charlie right . well . time to hit the sack . Sophia smile she know he 's just try to get out of this . sophia it must be at least nine thirty . charlie Long day tomorrow . need my rest and all that . sophia oh of course . charlie right . alright . good night then . 55 . he get up and stride off leave she at the table . then he stop in the entrance . his back be turn to she for a moment then he swivel round and march straight back . charlie forgive I . where be my manners ? sophia I have absolutely no idea . charlie I do not know what it be , but you seem to bring out the very worst in I . sophia I figure it have be my fault somehow . charlie please , may I buy you a night cap ? a beat . she smile politely . sophia no thanks . I be tired . charlie right . of course . apology . sophia accept . he stand there for a minute , unsure what to do . charlie well . good night then . again . sophia good night Charlie . int . car ( drive ) -- the next morning a beautiful day in the tuscan countryside . they drive along with puccini 's '' La boheme '' blaring from the stereo . Charlie be drive . he look at Sophia curiously in the rear view mirror . Claire notice this and smile to herself . La boheme continue over the next few scene . 56 . ext . italian village -- later Sophia and Charlie be talk to a old man wear a flat cap a baggy black suit , which have see better day , and a threadbare white shirt . he 's sit outside at a cafe with another man play chess . Claire be stand at a distance watch . Sophia turn round to look at she and Claire shake she head . ext . lake -- water ski and wind surfing school -- later a speedboat hurtle , arcing , towards the shore . the water skier behind it let go and after a few foot sink into the water near the jetty . Claire , Sophia and Charlie walk towards the jetty as the speedboat approach . the instructor jump out , he be a bronze seventy - three - year- old man with a enormous pot belly , cover in gold jewelry and mass of white body hair . beneath he stomach he be wear the tiniest , most obscene , inappropriate thong you have ever see . when he turn to someone and flash he weary , pitte , buttock they way . Claire utter a little shriek . Sophia try to suppress a grin but Charlie be beside himself with laughter . Sophia hit he playfully . the man wave as they approach but from Claire 's horrify look it obviously be not he . ext . church -- later they be with a sweet look priest , dress in cassock and hat , outside he church . he be hold both of Claire 's hand as he shake he head gently . he be not she alfonso . then he make the sign of the cross over Claire as a bless . ext . palazzo -- later they drive a tree-line street to a gorgeous stately palazzo . charlie you sure we have get the right address ? Sophia double check . sophia this be the place . 57 . ext . palazzo -- formal garden -- later they be talk to a very handsome , beautifully dress and groom italian man . this guy be probably a count . he shake he head . Claire smile . count alas it be not I . if it have be I would have never let you go . and with that he kiss she hand . ext . palazzo -- driveway -- later they walk towards the car . Claire be still slightly flushed . sophia what be it with you and italian man ? they just fall at you foot . Charlie take one last look at the palazzo . he sigh . charlie such a shame . I think I could have be happy here . Sophia and Claire exchange look . int . old folk home , siena -- later Sophia , Claire , and Charlie wait patiently and quietly in a wait room . Sophia be try to stay upbeat but the sight of so many ill and lonely old people have definitely lower the mood of all three . a nurse come to they hold the arm of yet another alfonso , a sweet man , bald , wear sunglass , with a bright smile . he walk right up to Claire . alfonso you face ... it be so familiar ... Sophia and Charlie exchange a hopeful glance . charlie alfonso , this be Claire , do you remember Claire ? alfonso Claire ! of course . of course . 58 . alfonso take off he sunglass to get a better look at she . Sophia and Charlie instantly look at Claire . it 's not he . sophia ( quietly ) shit ... he 's confuse she for someone else . Claire play along so as not to hurt the sweet old man 's feeling . she hug he . claire it be good to see you , alfonso . alfonso you too , my angel . thanks for visit ! come back soon ! he wave to they as they go - they make he day . ext . old folk home -- parking lot -- later they walk to the car in silence . charlie that 's it for today I think . sophia one more ? charlie she 's exhaust . claire I be . Sophia sigh . int . HOTEL room near siena -- night Sophia be on she cell in she room . her notebook be open on the desk next to she laptop . she 's clearly be work on the story . the remain of she dinner be on a plate nearby . sophia I hope we be do the right thing . she 's so full of hope one minute then deflate the next . the up and downs be kill I , I can not imagine what 's it like for she ... 59 . int . SMALL restaurant in palermo . where : Victor have a bluetooth ear piece in . he 's pay close attention to every detail about how the restaurant be run and not pay any attention to what Sophia be say . thus : victor I be glad you be have a good time . sophia do you listen to a word I just say ? victor uo/ I miss you beautiful . Sophia roll she eye - he 's so transparent . sophia miss you too . a waitress bring Victor a plate of food . he smile he thanks and waft the steam come towards he nose . victor if you could see the plate of food I have just have put in front of I ... Victor eagerly lay a napkin in he lap . victor hey . can I call you back ? I feel like I should have all my sense for this . sophia yeah . sure . enjoy . Sophia hang up . she sigh a sigh that say " do my boyfriend really just get off the phone to pay attention to a meal ? " int . sophia' HOTEL room -- later that night Sophia sit at the desk with she laptop open . she 's look at that cursor blink at the end of a full page of write . she smile - pleased at this . there 's a knock at she door . she answer . it 's Charlie . charlie she 's go to bed - shattered , poor thing . 60 . sophia think she will be ok ? charlie oh , yeah , yeah she 'il be fine . tough as old boot that one . do not be fool by the frail old lady act - she 's churchill in a dress . Sophia laugh . Charlie smile . he clear he throat . charlie you fancy a spot of dinner ? sophia I already eat . I need to get start . he see the notebook and laptop . charlie how 's it come ? sophia slowly . charlie be I in it ? sophia you be . charlie can I read some then ? sophia no . charlie oh go on . please . sophia when it 's finish . maybe . charlie but how be I to be sure that I be be properly portray ? Sophia smile . sophia you be just go to have to trust I . 61 . charlie just a peek . a sentence or two . he try to look over she shoulder . she block he view . sophia you do not trust I ? charlie ( matter of fact ) you be a american . Sophia can not help but laugh . charlie you be sure you will not let I read just a bit to ease my mind ? Sophia shut the door . from the other side of the door : charlie 0 /s be this one of that situation where you be really say the opposite of what you actually mean ? sophia it 's not . charlie 0 /s right . good night then . sophia good night . they each remain where they be on either side of the close door smile and wait for the other to move . finally he move away and she lean back against the door , more than a little charme . int . HOTEL near siena -- lobby -- the next morning Sophia be wait in the lobby write in she notebook . Charlie come down the stair and over to she . charlie gran 's not feel well . sophia what be it ? what 's wrong ? charlie I do not know . 62. sophia should we call a doctor ? charlie best just let she rest . Sophia suddenly look and feel very guilty . sophia I should not have push she . charlie it 's not you fault . Truth be she make she decision the moment that letter arrive . and neither I nor the entire regiment of the Household Guard would have be able to stop she from come . sophia but if I have not come back from the airport ... charlie if you have not come back from the airport I would have be deny the pleasure of spend a day in you glorious company show you the sight of San gimignano and siena . Sophia smile - she feel better already . sophia you can actually be quite charming when you put you mind to it . charlie oh , do not let it fool you . int . car ( drive ) -- later they drive together through the chianti countryside . sophia so what 's you story , Charlie ? charlie not worth tell really . certainly not worth write about . sophia can not I just be curious ? 63 . charlie you can be whatever you want . sophia okay . so how do a guy you age come to live with he grandmother ? charlie she life with I actually . sophia well that make all the difference . charlie it do rather . sophia how do the rest of the family fit in ? Mom , dad , brother and sister ? charlie I be a only child . Sophia laugh - of course he be . sophia why do not that surprise I ? charlie ... and my parent be kill ina car crash when I be fourteen . Sophia 's mouth be still open from laugh but she now seem incapable of either shutting it or speak . she just stare . charlie hit head on by a tourist drive on the wrong side of the road . a american tourist . he reach over and gently push she jaw close with the tip of he finger . a beat . charlie I have have ambiguous feeling towards anything american every since . sophia understandable . Charlie smirk - try to ease a maudlin moment : 64 . charlie could have something to do with my cynicism and pessimism and general lack of faith in true love last forever . not a great believer in happy ending I be afraid . sophia ( quietly ) oh God , Charlie ... Jesus ... charlie yes , well , they be not much help either . but gran step in and take this angry , bereft and shockingly unpleasant young man under she wing and make I , well , into the superb specimen of screw - up manhood you see before you now . he laugh . she do not . she put she hand on he arm . sophia I be so sorry . he look at she hand on he arm and raise he eyebrow , gently mock she . she quickly take she hand away . charlie I owe everything to that woman . she look after I when no one else would ... when no one else could ... sophia and now it 's you turn . charlie right . she ... Charlie 's voice crack with emotion . he smile at she . charlie sorry . momentary slip . wo not happen again . Sophia smile at he English stiff upper lip then look away out of she window to spare he any embarrassment . ext . san gimignano -- day wide shot : of this beautiful town on a hill top with it 's thirteen medieval tower stand proudly against the deep blue chianti sky . 65 . Charlie and Sophia walk through the narrow lane of the town . ext . san gimignano square -- day they walk through the ancient square . ext . chianti countryside -- day they drive through the countryside with the roof of the car down . Sophia 's hair blow around she face so she can not see . she laugh as she try to tie it up . Charlie smile . ext . catedrale DI santa maria the '' duomo '' , sienna -- day they stand outside the wonderful facade of the cathedral . Charlie take she picture . then pose with she and hold the camera out in front of he and take another of they both . int . catedrale DI santa maria the '' duomo '' -- later they walk through the interior . ext . the mangia tower -- day they walk to the three hundred foot tall mangia Bell Tower . int . the mangia tower collection -- later they walk up four hundred step to the top . it 's hard work for Sophia who stop for breath . Charlie shout encouragement from the top . she laugh , exhaust , and follow . ext . the mangia tower viewing platform -- later they take in the extraordinary view high over ancient sienna . int . pinacotea nazionale - palazzo buonsignor -- day they walk around the National Art Collection . ext . piazzo del campo , sienna -- day they walk across the world famous square past the fonte gala ( Fountain of Joy ) . Sophia look like she 's really enjoy herself . it 's be the kind of day she never have with Victor . 66 . ext . piazzo del campo , sienna -- later Sophia sit outside a cafe . Charlie appear from inside with two of the large ice cream cone you have ever see . sophia Little indulgent do not you think ? he give she a cone . charlie ah but the thing be , they be calorie free . clever bugger the italian . she look at she cone suspiciously as he start to eat he . sophia no way . charlie yes way . thousands of calory free with every mouthful . Sophia laugh - not at joke but at he for make the joke . sophia that be bad . charlie I think it be funny . you have no sense of humor . she push he ice cream into he face . he take it away to reveal he nose and mouth cover . his stone face seriousness and slight look of hurt make she laugh . sophia that be funny . he wipe he face with a napkin . charlie it 's just as well I be a gentleman otherwise I might be tempt into some sort of juvenile revenge . sophia I be grateful believe I . they sit eat they cone for a beat . she look at he . 67 . sophia I have a great time today . it be nice actually do the tourist thing with someone . thanks . he smile . she study he for a moment . sophia what 's the real reason you be so against Claire be here ? charlie ( smirk ) every good story need a antagonist right ? she 's not let he off that easy . sophia there 's something else go on in that head of yours . you jealous ? charlie of a old man I have never meet . no. sophia so ? what be it ? be you worried you will lose she ? charlie something like that . they sit quietly eat for a beat . Charlie shrug . charlie okay ... truthfully ? it 's just that I feel , if we find alfonso and gran discover that leave he all that year ago be , indeed , the biggest mistake of she life ... then what do it say about I and my family ? it make it all a bit of a sham do not it ? if they be mean to be then be we not ? it 's like we be second best . sophia but you know that 's not true . charlie maybe . but it feel true . she look at he as she try to work this through . he lean forward , notice something on she face . 68. charlie you have get something on you ... with that he push she ice cream into she nose . she scream . there 's ice cream all over she face . he get a napkin and gently wipe it off . when he finish he do not move away . suddenly both they cell phone ring . they look at they . charlie sophia Patricia . Victor . neither of they answer . Charlie look at she - surprised . charlie you do not answer . very naughty . sophia neither do you . charlie but I have a good excuse . she 's a tiresome , self - center neurotic . she 's mad . madder than a mad cow . you Victor on the other hand be a dashingly handsome chef about to become a New York culinary sensation , sound like everything any girl could ever want . Sophia smile as she know what Charlie 's say be true . sophia he be , I suppose ... her smile fade . she look at he sincerely . sophia ( almost to herself ) what if I be not just any girl ? Charlie smile diplomatically - he 's not gonna go there . ext . HOTEL near siena -- dusk Charlie 's car pull up . he and Sophia get out of the car . they walk towards the hotel in silence . until . charlie Sophia ... she stop and turn . he suddenly look a little nervous . 69 . charlie I just want to say ... about today ... uh ... what I mean be ... sophia I too . she smile then turn and walk away . int . HOTEL near siena -- lobby -- later Charlie and Sophia walk back into the hotel past the bar and then both stop . they walk back a few step and look into it . there sit at the bar , large cocktail in hand , sit Claire look perfectly fit and well as she laugh with the barman . charlie feeling better ? claire right as rain dear . thank you . charlie ( slowly ) good ... claire so ? how be you day ? do you two get along alright without I ? she smile sweetly as both of they realize in the same moment what she 's be up to . they share a look and a smile . ext . cemetery near florence -- next day Claire , Sophia , and Charlie be escort through a cemetery by a old grave digger . they stop . the grave digger point at a new tombstone and go off silently . they stand together . sophia ( silently ; to herself ) God , no . please , no . they look at the grave from a distance . Claire slowly approach it as Charlie and Sophia hang back . charlie this be what I fear most ... Charlie trail off and watch as Claire approach the grave - she back to we . she stop and kneel . 70 . Sophia and Charlie stand there say nothing . Claire stand up and walk back to they . she Long pause . sophia be it ... claire it 's not he . my alfonso 's middle name be paolo . it 's not he . relief wash over Sophia . but not Charlie who still stand there with concern etched all over he face . sophia ok . so ? we keep look . charlie no . they turn to he . and wait for he to say more but he just stand there silently stare as if try not make a scene . sophia Charlie , it 's not over . charlie yes it be . it 's over . I be do . sophia but -- charlie ( snap ) do not you see what we be do ? what we be put she through ? what if it have be he ? what if there 's another grave around here with she alfonso in it ? I be sorry , gran , I be . but this be the end of the line for I . I can not do this . Claire look at she beloved grandson and can see the sincere concern and pain on he face . she take he hand . sigh . claire ok . sophia you be give up ? just like that ? claire he 's right dear . it 's too much . Sophia stare at Charlie . she 's stone face . 71 . charlie what ? sophia this be what you want all along . charlie no . what I want be for you to never have write that letter . what I want be to never come on this ridiculous goose chase . sophia why be you so desperate for this to fail ? charlie I be try to protect she . because unlike you I can not just stand idly by and watch she get hurt . sophia what be that suppose to mean ? charlie it mean you be not here for she . and you be not here ' cause you be some romantic who want to believe in love last forever . you be here for the story . here to see how it all end . do not matter to you if it 's a happy end or a sad end as long as it 's compelling right ? as long as there 's drama . claire Charlie . please . Sophia just stand there stunne , hurt . sophia you think that 's true ? Charlie shrug as if to say '' be not it ? " . charlie I be just look out for she . sophia you be not . you be not walk away for she , you be walk for you . they look at each other . both fume . both pretty sure they have cross a line . 72 . charlie she 's deal with enough grief in she life . she 's lose she husband , she daughter , she son-in - law . now you come along and set she up to lose someone she already lose fifty year ago . but why should I expect you to understand . you do not know anything about real loss . this cut she . she just look at he for a moment then walk over to the car and get in the back seat . claire you be wrong , Charlie . she lose she mother . that be very wrong . charlie it 's different . claire it be . her mother choose to leave she . you always know you parent love you . she walk back to the car leave he to think for a moment . int . car ( drive ) -- later they ride in silence as the sun set . a very unsmiley car . int . HOTEL near florence -- evening Sophia sit at the dress table brush she hair . there 's a knock at the door . she think for a moment whether to answer it . another knock . she get up and open the door . Claire be stand there . claire just want to make sure you be alright . sophia of course I be . totally fine . hey we give it we best shot do not we ? claire we do . she see the hairbrush in Sophia 's hand . 73. claire May I ? sophia ( a little take aback ) sure ... she go back to the dress table and sit . Claire stand behind she and start to brush she hair . claire one of the great unsung luxury in this world - have someone brush you hair . sophia ( smile ) yeah I guess it be . claire my mother use to do it for I . they continue in silence , then slowly tear begin to fall down Sophia 's face . it 's clearly the first time anyone have do this since for Sophia since she be a little girl . int . restaurant fiesole -- later that night Claire , Sophia and Charlie look at they menus in silence . Charlie steal glance at Sophia who just study she menu . he look at Claire who raise she eyebrow interrogatively as if to say '' ball 's in you court . '' he clear he throat . charlie I should apologize . I be wrong . sophia you should or you be ? charlie do not I just ? sophia I be not sure that you do . Claire intercede . claire a apology , dear , be when you look at someone straight in the eye with contrition and sincerity and actually say the word '' I be sorry . '' 74 . he do he best under the scrutiny of he grandmother . charlie Sophia , I be sorry ... enough contrition and sincerity for you ? claire six out of ten . charlie what would you want I to do , get on my knee and beg ? Charlie start to do just that . Sophia smile . she stop he . sophia please do not . I be sorry too . Claire smile as the tension ease . Charlie pick up a wine list . claire excellent . now that hostility be over . let 's get drunk . Sophia laugh as the waiter come over to Charlie . charlie a bottle of you best local chianti please . the waiter go off to fetch the wine . claire so , Sophia , what for you now ? sophia back to verona , see Bella and the girl , then fly home I guess . charlie with the dashingly handsome Victor . she seem slightly perplex by he say this and he look embarrassed like he just think out loud . she smile . sophia with the dashingly handsome Victor . somehow , though , the prospect do not seem so allure . 75 . claire despite what my emotionally stunt pig of a grandson think , you do a wonderful thing for a old lady ... I will never forget it . sophia even though it lead nowhere ? claire it 's be a adventure . there be not many adventure leave at my age . and it do not lead nowhere . I get to meet you do not I ? sophia I guess . though a new friend be not much consolation for a old love . claire depend on the friend . Sophia smile . claire unfortunately you have to meet Charlie , but then we can not have everything can we ? sophia it would not have be quite the same without he . charlie thank you ? sophia my pleasure . he look at she - not all sure what that mean . charlie you have a knack of say thing which could be take as gorgeous compliment or sarcastic dig . sophia it 's take year of practice . the waiter arrive with the wine . he pour they a glass each . claire to alfonso , wherever he may be . 76 . charlie / sophia alfonso ... they raise they glass and drink . charlie damn that 's good wine . claire ( look at the bottle ) be not it ? she smile broadly . claire but then so it should be . she turn the bottle round to they . claire look at the label . Charlie pick it up and read it . charlie '' D ’annunzio '' , how do I know that name ? Sophia and Claire share a smile and a shake of the head . claire I sometimes find it hard to believe I be actually related to you . sophia you do not think ... as the penny drop , Charlie beckon the sommelier . charlie Excuse I . the maker of this wine . be you familiar with they ? sommelier I be . yes . Claire hardly dare ask . claire and be there a alfonso paolo do annunzio ? sommelier signora , there be three . 77 . int . sophia' HOTEL room -- later that night Sophia be at she laptop type . she look out of the window for a moment and see Charlie wander out of the hotel into the garden . he look up at the sky and then lie down on the lawn , he arm spread-eagled . she smile . ext . HOTEL garden -- later Sophia come out of the hotel and wander over to he . sophia you ok ? charlie just look at the star . she lie down beside he . charlie you can see the milky Way . sophia it 's beautiful . charlie it 's awesome . she laugh and hit he . Charlie be no longer look at the night sky . charlie you have a wonderful laugh . sophia you have a wonderful frown . slight pause . they both look away . charlie so what do you think will happen tomorrow ? sophia if it 's he ? charlie oh it 's he alright . sophia how do you know ? 78 . charlie because we have come too far , it would just be too unfair if it be not . sophia Charlie ? be I hearing right ? be that optimism I detect ? charlie I be capable of it on occasion . sophia well whatever happen , something tell I they 'il be great friend . charlie I hope so . she deserve it . sophia she do . charlie and what about you ? what 's in the star for you and Victor ? we can tell Sophia have be think about this . sophia wish I know . charlie successful business ? Marriage ? lot of dash child ? sophia successful business , marriage , lot of kid , Victor become a celebrity chef , travel the world cooking for royalty while I stay at home microwave leftover for the kid . charlie and you think I be cynical . sophia when it come to cynicism and love we be not even in the same league . charlie sound like we would make quite a pair . sophia shame I be speak for . 79 . charlie you do not strike I as the kind of girl who would let anyone speak for she ? she smile . he sit up . he 's confuse . charlie so what about all that romantic true love codswallop you peddle about gran and alfonso then ? sophia I want they to prove I wrong . that 's all . I want to believe two people can reconnect and it can all be ok . I be cling to the wreckage of '' there 's always hope . '' Charlie look at she . it suddenly make sense to he . charlie because of you mom . yeah ? she look at he . shrug as if to say " probably " . sophia it 's what a shrink would tell I . they lie there in the grass in silence for a moment . sophia you know all the thing you parent be suppose to give you - safety , food , a roof over you head - the one thing everyone take for grant be the most important ... unconditional love . she smile at he bravely . a tear fall down she cheek . he lean over and wipe it away . she manage another smile . sophia sorry . momentary slip . wo not happen again . he smile at she humor . she look at he . he look at she . there 's a moment . then suddenly he kiss she . and she kiss back , hungrily , passionately . for a few second they be unaware of anything but each other . then Sophia 's head catch up to she heart . she pull back . 80 . sophia okay . time out . not good . I mean too good . so really not good . she get up and head back into the hotel . he stand up . charlie Sophia ... wait ... I ... she start run and she 's go . he pause a moment then walk into the hotel . as he do so we see Claire stand in she bedroom window , smile gently , have observe it all . int . HOTEL lobby -- the next morning Claire be sit in reception . she look a little anxious . Charlie come down the stair . charlie she 's not in she room . claire have you check the dining room ? charlie this be my fault . he go over to the desk . charlie have miss Marcus check out ? he look at the register . receptionist no. charlie have you see she at all this morning ? receptionist I be afraid not sir . at this point Charlie see she come into the hotel . he be hugely relieved . charlie Sophia . sophia ( a little too brightly ) Morning ! 81 . charlie everything alright ? I think ... sophia think what ? charlie nothing . you ok ? sophia yeah . why would not I be ? Claire smile - register they awkwardness . Sophia turn to she . sophia be you excited ? I be so excited . ext . road in fiesole -- later Bright and early . the car speed along a dusty country road along the perimeter of a vast vineyard . they pass a sign that say '' d’annunzio vineyard . 1961 '' . ext . driveway -- d'annunzio villa -- later the car stop at a large farm house nestle in the midst of the vineyard . the vine be burst with young blue grape . as Claire step out of the car , she look around and see something in the distance that nearly stop she breathe . a handsome young man , around 16 , shirtless , solid and brown from the sun , he work repair a irrigation line . he look up and see the three stranger in he driveway and smile a shy welcome . Claire can not believe she eye . claire my God . that 's he . that 's alfonso . charlie that can not actually be he . sophia if it be then I be write a completely different article . claire be you alfonso d'annunzio ? 82. alfonso III yes , mar 'am . at that moment , a middle - age man come round the corner . he be alfonso D ’annunzio , jr. , alfonso III 's father . alfonso III 's father do someone call I ? claire be you alfonso d'annunzio too ? before he can answer a voice come from inside the house . don alfonso 's voice I know that voice . suddenly a sweet old man , tan from the sun , come step out of the house . he be don alfonso paolo D ’annunzio . he look at the three stranger - then focus on Claire . without say a word , Claire smile , she know this be he . the young man from all that year ago . it 's the eye . as she walk toward he , he stare at she , disbely , as year and year flicker through he memory . don alfonso Claire ? she nod . the tear be already start to form . and she 's not the only one as Sophia hastily wipe a tear away . Claire and alfonso stop opposite each other . they stare into each other 's eye , older certainly , yet indelibly etched in each other 's heart . there 's a long silence . neither sure what to say or do . Claire manage a coy little smile . claire sorry I be late . alfonso smile . he open he arm . she walk into they . Claire and Don alfonso embrace . everyone watch , smile . something prompt Sophia to look down . it 's Charlie 's hand reach out for hers . she take it and look up at Charlie . he turn to she , he eye look suspiciously tearful . he 's about to say something but can not . she smile . sophia you be welcome . 83. ext . d'annunzio villa -- OPEN field -- sunset a space behind the D ’annunzio house fill with table and tree . the vineyard 's all around . Don alfonso 's big family be out en masse to celebrate the reunion of they patriarch with he childhood sweetheart . four generation : child , grandchildren , and great - grandchildren . tables laden with food . Claire and Don alfonso sit together drink and catch up after the year of separation . Sophia be surround by sprightly D ’annunzio grandchild who play a game with she . she stop and look around as she realize someone be miss . she go off in search of Charlie . she find he alone by some tree stare at the horizon . he 's deep in think . she take a moment to just watch he . she smile then walk up slowly . sophia he 's a widower , just lose he wife two year ago . and now Claire . here . on he doorstep after fifty year ... how do that happen ? charlie you make it happen . Sophia smile . Charlie go back to stare at the horizon . sophia happy or sad ? I can not tell . charlie bit of both actually . happy for they . a little sad it 's over . sophia Mission accomplish . charlie if you like . sophia you have to admit it be kinda fun . charlie it be . pause . 84 . charlie about last night . sophia do not worry about it . charlie really ? sophia mistake happen . charlie a mistake . yeah . they look at each other , both not tell the truth , both know it , neither have the courage to take the first step . sophia ( ever so slightly fishing ) I mean there 's no need to apologize if that 's what you be try to do ? a beat as he decide which way to go . charlie right . ' Cause that 's what I be try to do . I be try to apologize . sophia but there 's no need . charlie course not . good . sophia great . charlie sorted . another awkward silence . Sophia try to fill the silence . sophia ( overly flippant ) bottle of chianti , a italian night sky , and some childhood trauma , I could be anyone 's . that 's not what he want to hear . he look hurt . 85 . charlie guess you will do anything to get you story . that come out colder than he mean it . she look 's hurt . sophia what do that mean ? he shrug . they look at each other long and hard , try to read each other . and then Claire suddenly approach . claire I should not have come here . they both just stare at she for a beat . charlie what ? sophia what be it Claire ? what happen ? claire too much have happen , dear . it 's be fifty year . I be behave like a school girl . you be right , Charlie . this be selfish and impulsive and I be sorry . Don alfonso appear at Claire 's side . don alfonso Claire ... she smile softly at he . claire I should go . it be good to see you again . really . Sophia look at Charlie as if say " do something . " he take Claire 's hand . charlie you can not just pitch up here out of the blue and then bugger off . it 's just not fair on the poor bloke . Claire turn to Don alfonso . claire it be foolish . barge back into you life like this . ( more ) 86 . claire ( cont would ) how could we possibly pick up where we leave off a life time ago ? he smile warmly at she - he understand what she 's feel . don alfonso Claire , my angel , slow down . it will not happen in a day . nothing worth do be do in a day . Claire sigh . calm a bit . don alfonso we will talk ... be friend ... have dinner ... take it slow ... we 'il write letter ... you can tell I about Jack ... and I ‘’11 tell you about my bladder operation . this unexpected image make Claire smile despite herself . as long as he 's bravely confess thing : claire I have varicose vein . don alfonso so do I . and my hearing . claire my eye be go . don alfonso we be a little old , like Da vinci 's last Supper , fall apart a little . but what a masterpiece , no ? he take she hand . look in she eye . don alfonso what be you afraid of ? claire maybe I be afraid to be happy again . don alfonso there be so many worse thing to be afraid of at we age . he take she hand and smile sweetly . she smile back comfort by he word . they hug each other reassuringly . he turn to Charlie and hold out he hand . Charlie take it . 87 . don alfonso come . i’1l show you some vine that be even older than I . Charlie turn to Sophia . charlie you come ? Sophia look at he - still a bit hurt . she shake she head . sophia you go . I should get back . charlie you sure ? sophia need to get to work on that story . that 's what I be here for , right ? a silent beat . charlie right . they look at each other . both look like they want to say more . neither do . then they turn around and walk away . ext . sophia' HOTEL room -- later that night Sophia 's lie on the bed write on she laptop when she cell phone ring . she answer . sophia hey . how 's palermo ? still need I to pick you up tomorrow morning ? intercut : Victor get of a small single - engine plane . victor it be great . I be back . caught a early flight . can you come get I ? Sophia be startle , take aback . sophia oh. yeah . sure. ok . uh. on my way . 88 . int . SMALL HOTEL near florence -- parking lot Sophia head down to the fiat cinquecento . she get in and drive off . just as soon as she 's out of sight ... Charlie 's car arrive at the hotel . he get out and walk in . Claire follow he . int . front desk -- later Charlie be at the front desk with Claire . receptionist she leave a few minute ago . charlie she do ? receptionist for the airport . charlie the airport ? do she leave a message ? the receptionist look . receptionist no sir . no message . pause . charlie I can not believe she would run off . claire it 's simple . she 's frighten . go after she Charlie . charlie no . she 's not ... claire oh do not be so proud . charlie I be not . really . it 's for the best . claire do not make the same mistake I do . pause . he look at she . she smile warmly and stroke the side of he face . he suddenly sprint out of the hotel . 89 . Claire turn back to the receptionist . claire we would like to check out please . we be gonna be stay with friend for the rest of we trip . the receptionist start processing the paper work . ext . verona airport -- night Charlie run into the Terminal . int . terminal -- later he rush up to the departure monitor . the only New York flight on the monitor have close . he 's too late . he look at it carefully then leave , disconsolate . ext . verona airport -- night Charlie walk out of the terminal back to the car park structure . as he do so , Sophia can be see further down the concourse with Victor load he luggage into the fiat . Charlie wait in line for the pay machine . if only they have turn round . but they do not . Charlie do not see she and she do not see he . int . SMALL HOTEL near florence -- later that night Sophia and Victor walk into the lobby . sophia why do not you take you luggage upstairs , I will be up in a minute . victor sure . he go to kiss she . she move imperceptibly so that the kiss land on she cheek instead of she lip . int . front desk -- later Sophia walk . there be now a female receptionist on the desk . 90 . sophia have you see mister Smith or he grandmother this evening ? female receptionist they check out about a hour ago . sophia checked out ? be you sure ? female receptionist definitely . sophia do they leave a message ? female receptionist ( check ) no miss . sophia oh. ok . she think for a moment . then Victor appear . victor I be think we could head over for one last meal with angelina . he notice she lose in she head . victor everything alright ? sophia yeah ... yeah ... everything 's fine . he put a arm around she and lead she out of the hotel . int . lettere a giulietta restaurant -- later Victor and Sophia sit together . Victor have polished off a plate of angelina 's meatball . Sophia hardly touch hers . Bella come to clear they plate . she smile at Sophia . Sophia can only manage a meek smile back . a beat . victor --.- I do a lot of think while I be in palermo . about the restaurant , about it 's future , about we future . ( more ) 91 . victor ( cont would ) and I realize I can not do it without you . I want you with I . Sophia shake she head . sophia Victor , I ... Victor theatrically drop down on one knee . Sophia have look on she face that say " oh God , here we go again " . victor Sophia ? will you be ... sophia Victor , I do not want to run you ... before she can finish the sentence , Victor pull out and open a jewelry box . there 's a diamond ring in it . she gape . victor my wife ? Sophia just stare at the ring . she 's speechless . she just stare . Victor slide the ring on she finger before she answer . now she 's stare at it on she finger . ext . sophia' HOTEL room -- later that night close shot : of the diamond sparkling on she finger . Sophia stand at the window , ready for bed , look at the garden below , where she and Charlie lay look at the star the night before . then she look at the ring . she sigh . Victor come up behind she and wrap he arm around she . victor we should get some sleep . early flight tomorrow . sophia yeah . she take a last look at the garden and follow he in . ext . d'annunzio villa -- charlie' bedroom -- night Charlie stand in he bedroom window look out at the italian night sky . he look sad . fade to black . 92 . int . victor' restaurant -- evening it 's not big but beautifully put together in a provincial italian style . all along the wall be huge blow up photo of Victor and he italian supplier - the truffle hunter , the butcher , etc . - which Sophia take in Italy . the place be pack . not a table empty in the house . waiter and waitress scurry about . line cook fire entree . and at the center of it all , in he element , be Victor bark order , he 's intense but enjoy every second . we pick up Mark - Victor 's bartender - take a entree off the line . he carry it through the restaurant to the front of the house where we find Sophia sit by herself at the bar . he set the entree in front of she with a smile . int . victor' restaurant -- bar -- later that night thing have calm down some . the place be still crowded but the dinner rush have subside . Victor be out visit table of high society type . they bathe he in praise . he play the role of humble well . Sophia watch he from the mostly empty bar where she sit sip a glass of wine . Mark be polish wine glass behind the bar . he see she watch he . MARK can you believe how quickly it 's all happen ? he deserve it . sophia I can . and he do . MARK you must be proud of he . she smirk - maybe a little tipsy from the wine . sophia I must be . the bar tender gesture to the ring on she finger . MARK have you set the date yet ? she look at she diamond . 93 . sophia we be still ... " wait for thing to settle down . " int . victor' kitchen -- later Victor and he staff be finish up for the night . prepping for tomorrow . Sophia walk in with she coat on . sophia you about ready ? Victor do not even glance up from what he 's do . victor you know what . just go ahead . I will catch up . see you at home . Sophia sigh in a way that tell we this have become routine . int . sophia and victor' apartment , new york -- night Sophia at home alone on she couch with she laptop . we find she as we first find she up late work on a column . only without the drying pasta hang everywhere . and without Victor . she 's not work so much as stare at the screen . it 's too quiet . she glance at the clock : it 's three a.m . int . bar -- happy hour Sophia be out with friend have drink . she 's with a group of couple . Victor be conspicuously absent . ext . sophia and victor' apartment -- night it 's the middle of the night . Victor snore in the bedroom . Sophia sit alone on the couch watch tv look bored . she have a think . she search through she desk drawer and pull out the little slip of paper that Claire write she number on . she check the clock . it 's 3:30 in New york. 9:30 in London . not too early to call . she dial the number . there 's a English ring tone . after a minute a answer machine pick up : 94 , claire ( v.o. ) hi. you have reach Claire and Charlie . there 's no one here at the moment . but if you would like to ... at this point the phone be pick up at the other end . charlie 0/s hello ? Sophia freeze . she can not speak . charlie 0/s hello ? in the background Claire can be hear . claire 0 /s who be it dear ? charlie 0 /s do not know . hello ? she quickly put the receiver down - heart pound . ext . STREET , new york -- evening Sophia approach Victor 's Restaurant from across the street . she stop and watch through the front window . Victor be visible in the open-air kitchen at the back , cooking , order , examine plate on the service pass . it 's fully book again . people who have not book be be turn away . at the front of house desk - where Sophia could have be - stand a beautifully elegant hostess . Sophia so clearly do not feel a part of this . how quickly thing move on . she sigh and cross the street . int . victor' office -- late night a closet-size office in the back of the restaurant . Sophia and Victor eat together in silence . this be the time they spend together now . victor bono be here last Friday . 95 . sophia Nice . they go back to eat in silence . int . victor' restaurant -- later Sophia be on she way out when she pass a chubby man eat alone . it 's Bobby . he 's get a tomato-stained napkin tuck in he shirt just below he chin . Sophia approach . he smile . bobby you boy can cook . sophia so I have hear . bobby thanks for get I the table . sophia it 's what I do . he smile . pull out a chair for she . bobby sit down . have a drink with I . she do . he signal the waiter to bring another wine glass . bobby so ... I finally get around to read that page you send I ... Sophia 's not exactly sure what he 's talk about . bobby " do true Love have a shelf life ? " sophia oh. right . what would you think ? bobby not bad . I like it . I think people would like it . sophia who be the " people " you be always refer to ? bobby advertiser mostly . 96 . she smile . Bobby pour she a glass of wine . bobby why do not you finish it ? Sophia be not quite sure what he mean . sophia you do not like the end ? bobby there be no end . sophia of course there 's a end . she find he . they reconnect . bobby you never answer you own question . you never follow up . Sophia 's not sure where he 's go with this . he smile like he know something she do not . bobby it 's the grandson be not it ? sophia what ? bobby I read what you write remember . it 's all there on the page . sophia I hardly write anything about char -- I mean the grandson . bobby exactly . Sophia shake she head . take a gulp of wine . bobby well like I say it show potential . maybe it 's time we talk about the next step . maybe there be more you can contribute . sophia like contribute creatively ? or ... 97 . bobby slow down . you get potential . but you get work to do . you get a voice but you do not always use it . sophia but you want I to try something new ? Bobby smile . he shrug play coy . bobby come into my office on Monday . we will talk . Sophia suddenly can not stop smile . int . bedroom -- later that night Sophia be change for bed when she hear Victor come in . she 's still smile . Victor walk into the room yawn . sophia guess what ? victor too tired to guess . just tell I . sophia Bobby like my story . victor what story ? sophia Claire 's story . he say I have get a voice . he want to talk about maybe take the next step . be not that great ? victor yeah ... yeah ... very gr ... ( he yawn so " great " sound like " gruh " ) Victor 's too tired to show any enthusiasm . and we get the feel even if he be not he would not . he yawn again . sophia that 's all you get be " very gruh " ? he flop down on the bed . kick off he shoe . 98 . victor I be happy for you . I have also be on my foot for nineteen hour . g'night . he close he eye . Sophia just stand there watch he . sophia Victor this be not work . he open he eye but do not look at she . victor and whose fault be that ? she look at he . he sit up with a frustrated sigh . he yawn . victor you see ? this be why . this be why I want you with I . I ask you to be my front of house precisely to avoid this situation . sophia you ask I to be you wife . and I never see you . that 's the situation . there 's no avoid it . victor do we have to do this now ? you be be unreasonable . sophia there be not anything reasonable about love , Victor . Victor can see where this be head . he get defensive . victor you know what the restaurant be gonna require ... you know I would be work long hour ... you know what it would mean ... you know there would be sacrifice ... you know that ... silence . they look at each other . victor you know this be who I be . 99 , sophia and what I be try to tell you be I be not who I be . he 's silent at this - what can he say . victor I do not do anything wrong . she walk up to he . sophia you be not wrong . I be not wrong . we be just wrong for each other . and there it be . she take off she engagement ring and place it in he hand . dissolve to : ext . new york CITY -- week later the leave be start to turn in central park . int . conference room -- day Sophia be in she weekly staff meeting with Bobby and all the rest of he writer . Bobby be at the head of the table . bobby ... and finally I need a follow up on last summer 's piece on the mayor . I know a week in city hall be not anyone 's idea of a vacation . Bobby look right at Sophia . bobby you get it ? she nod . int . a SMALL studio in the CITY . where : Sophia have move . the place be furnish but still come together . she 's work on she laptop . she seem to be immerse fully in what she 's write . she 's focus not stress . 100 . there 's a knock at she door . she answer and find a mailman who hand she a thick bundle of forward mail - presumably from Victor 's . she sort through it . then she stop at a envelope . it have a italian stamp and post mark . she open it quickly . it 's a invitation . claire 's voice Mrs. Claire Smith and Don alfonso d’annunzio invite you to the wedding of Mrs. Claire Smith to Don alfonso d’annunzio . then scribble across the bottom in large letter . claire 's voice please come darling . you must . Sophia beam . int . editor' office -- day Sophia stand in front of Bobby . he look at the invitation . bobby you go to finish that story ? he hand she back the invitation . she look at it . sophia I do not know . I do not think so . bobby really ? a beat as he take this in . she kind of shrug . bobby I will give you the week . she smile . ext . SMALL church in tuscany -- day people be start to arrive at a beautiful medieval italian village church . a taxi pull up and Sophia get out . she look stun in a simple pale suit . she look nervous as she survey the picturesque scene . she walk towards the church . 101 . ext . SMALL church in tuscany -- later as she enter the church and make she way through the crowd of guest , young and old , we can tell that she 's look for : charlie 0/s Sophia ... and there he be . she turn to find he smile at she . dress in a traditional English morning suit , tail , waistcoat , the work . one might even say he look dash . he approach . she suddenly seem very nervous . sophia hi! charlie hi. sophia ( forget she already say ) hi ... they do a awkward hug / kiss on the cheek thing . sophia you look great . charlie I be glad you come . you look pretty good yourself . sophia how could I not ? come , I mean , not look ... charlie I get it . a beat of awkward silence . they smile at each other - smile that say " why be this so uncomfortable ? " finally . charlie you come alone ? sophia yeah . I do . sorry I do not rsvp . I just move . a beat as Charlie register this . 102 . charlie it 's fine . Whole thing 's be a bit of a shotgun affair really ... ( he smile at she ) I be glad you come . she smile hope it 's for the reason she think it be . don alfonso 0 /s there she be . there 's we angel . Sophia turn to find Don alfonso beam at she . she 's visibly take aback at he appearance . he 's so much thin , and what little hair he have leave have turn a shade greyer , he walk with a cane now and have a pronounce limp but still he look like royalty in a fine italian tuxedo . his grandson , alfonso III , escort he on he way . Don alfonso stop and kiss Sophia on both cheek . don alfonso thank you for come . sophia would not miss it for the world . charlie papa , they need you at the altar . he smile and kiss Sophia 's hand before continue on into the church . Sophia watch he limping on that cane . she turn and look at Charlie . she do not even have to ask . charlie he fall . about two month ago . he and gran be walk in he field . tripped on vine . shatter he hip . have to have it replace . Sophia watch Don alfonso smile and welcoming guest as he slowly make he way down the aisle . sophia that 's terrible . charlie save he life actually . Sophia turn back to Charlie who take a breath before : charlie he only fall a few foot but the hip shattered like a vase . ( more ) 103 . charlie ( cont would ) ( beat ) a tumor have hollow it out . Sophia just stare - speechless . sophia be he ok ... be he ... charlie they think a year , maybe two , maybe more , maybe less . different doctor give different answer , none of they straight , you know how it go . sophia my god ... how awful ... Charlie look with a smile at Don alfonso who have finally make it to he place at the altar . he shake he head . charlie actually they have be extraordinary . really . it 's humbling . they be live proof that if you find love for even the shortest moment , you have to grab it with both hand ... Charlie catch himself be sincere . he try to play it off with a wry shrug and smile . charlie tis better to have love ... and all that . she manage a smile back . sophia and all that . they look at each other for a long moment . Sophia look as if she 's about to say something when ... patricia 0o/ S there you be . at that moment a strikingly beautiful English woman in a gown that match Charlie 's suit approach . she be patricia . patricia you need to get outside . she will be here any second . 104 . Sophia just stare at she . momentarily speechless . charlie Patricia . this be Sophia . do she best to hide she disappointment : sophia hi . realization flash in Patricia 's flawless eye . patricia the Sophia . charlie the Sophia . Sophia shrug and smile . patricia oh it 's so nice to finally meet you . you be kind of a legend around here you know . a silent beat . Patricia turn to Charlie . patricia I will see you up there . do not trip . charlie as if I be not nervous enough . she kiss he cheek , smile at Sophia , and head off down the aisle . sophia she 's beautiful ... charlie yeah . scrub up well I suppose . sophia and be she ... before she can ask the question a old italian limousine roll to a stop at the front step as alfonso III walk up . charlie and there she be . place everyone . ( to alfonso III ) can you show Sophia to a seat ? 105 . alfonso III hold out he arm . Sophia take it . she look at Charlie . he look at she and smile . charlie show time . Charlie head out to the white limo as alfonso III usher Sophia down the aisle . the church be idyllic , festoon with white flower everywhere . the floral arrangement at the end of the pews contain bunch of dark purple grape . the secretaries of juliet be together in a pew . they wave to Sophia as she pass . Bella , ever the romantic , be already cry , handkerchief in hand . when Sophia get to a seat she look to the altar where Don alfonso stand wait for he bride . he turn to look at Sophia . he smile sweetly then close he eye for a few second in a silent expression of gratitude . she smile . then the organ begin and a hush fall over the congregation . Charlie escort Claire down the aisle . she look beautiful . all the excitement and radiance of a teenage bride . as they pass she see Sophia and she whole face just light up . she give she a discreet wave . Sophia smile and wave back but it 's all too much and the tear begin to come . Charlie walk Claire to Don alfonso . he give she away . ext . SMALL village in tuscany -- later the wedding party be lead through the narrow street of the village towards the vineyard by a loud brass band . villager outside bar stand and applaud . other lean out of upstairs window throw confetti , whistling and cheer . alfonso walk arm -in - arm with Claire at the center of it all . beside they . Patricia and Charlie and alfonso 's son and grandson . and lastly the gather of guest . Sophia be among the first cluster just behind the wedding party . everyone 's eye be on the bride and Groom except Sophia who 's watch Charlie . the parade continue . it 's a colorful , joyous carnival of a occasion . a day not soon forget in this little village . 106 . ext . d'annunzio villa -- OPEN field -- sunset tables have be laid for the wedding feast . the band play , child run around . friend and family chat and laugh . at the head table sit the bride and groom . Charlie and Patricia be seat on either side of they . Sophia be at another table with the secretaries of juliet . she steal glance at Charlie over she glass of wine . Charlie stand and tap he glass . everyone turn to he . the band stop and silence fall . Charlie clear he throat . charlie it 's be a sincere honor give away my gran today . though she 's leave I in the market for a room mate if anyone know anyone ... some light cooking and laundry require . this get a chuckle . Charlie smile at Claire as he say : charlie I be not allow to make a speech ... someone shout '' shame ! '' charlie so I will just get right to it then ... lady and gentlemen , may I present for the first time Mr. and Mrs. alfonso d'annunzio ... everyone stand and cheer . Claire and alfonso kiss . charlie now I believe Mrs. d'annunzio would like to say a few word ... gran ? everyone clap . Claire kiss Charlie and stand . he sit . claire I will not keep you long as I be sure most of you have hear the story of how my husband ... everyone cheer and whistle at the first mention of the word . she smile . it get quiet again . claire fifty -seven - year ago I write a letter that ask a question . ( more ) 107 . claire ( cont would ) fifty -seven year later I get a answer . ( she look right at ) Sophia ? dear ? would you stand up ? Sophia hesitates then stand reluctantly . she turn red with embarrassment . Charlie smile at this . claire Sophia give I my answer . everyone start clap and cheer she as Claire unfold a piece of paper . Sophia recognize it - turn redder . claire she write I a letter . this letter . without it , none of this would have be possible , none of we would be here today , and so it seem only fitting to share some of it ... ( she start read ) " ' what ' and ' if 's two word as non - threaten as word come . but put they together side - by-side and they have the power to haunt you for the rest of you life : ' what if ?'... " she look at Sophia now and basically read the letter to she as if no one else be there . claire " I do not know how you story end . but I know that if what you feel then be love - true love - then it 's never too late . if it be true then it why would not it be true now ? you need only the courage to follow you heart ... " Sophia be look at Charlie who look straight back at she . claire " I do not know what a love like that feel like ... a love to leave love one for , a love to cross ocean for ... but I would like to believe if I ever feel it . I would have the courage to seize it . I hope you have the courage to seize it , Claire . and if you do not , I hope one day that you will . " she fold the letter and look at Sophia - we can see the glaze of tear form as everyone start clap . 108 . Charlie see that tear form too . Sophia look at he sit there beside Patricia and then abruptly turn and walk off away from the gather . the tear have start to fall . she wipe they away . sophia I be sorry , I have to go . Charlie watch Sophia go . he catch Claire look at he as if to say " what be you wait for ? " a beat . then he get up and go after she . ext . d'annunzio villa -- later Charlie walk around to the front of the house . charlie Sophia ? he walk to the front door and call inside . charlie Sophia ? he walk round the corner towards the vineyard and look down the row of fruit laden vine . charlie Sophia ? he go back towards the house and then spot she in a first floor window redoing she make up in front of a mirror . a vine grow up this side of the house up to and beyond the window . he walk up to the house and shout from below . charlie Sophia ? she look out of the window - it should , of course , be reminiscent of Shakespeare 's balcony scene . charlie what be you do ? sophia I be leave . charlie why ? 109 . sophia I should not have come here . charlie do you listen to what gran just say ? to what you write ? sophia I be happy for you . she 's gorgeous . not at all how I imagine . charlie who ? sophia Patricia . charlie Patricia ? she 's my cousin . sophia you cousin ? good God . be that legal in England ? charlie different girl . same name . she 's like a sister to I . and a daughter to gran . we practically grow up together after , you know ... this give Sophia pause . she look down at he . charlie do not go . sophia why ? why should I stay , Charlie ? he start to climb the vine towards she with some difficulty . sophia what be you do ?! charlie the thing be I have watch gran and alfonso over the last few month ... and I have realize ... that I can not wait fifty year to say ... he 's level with she now but have to pause to get he breath . charlie --- I love you , Sophia . 110 . sophia what ? charlie that kiss be not a mistake . poorly time yeah . but not a mistake . sophia you love I ? charlie I do . sophia so why be you look at I like that ? charlie like what ? sophia terrify . charlie I remember about half way up the vine I be a bit scared of height . she look at he . smile . sophia I love you too . slight pause . she lean into kiss he . but he do not move . sophia so be you gonna kiss I ? or ... charlie I would . yeah . it 's just that I appear to have lose my foot -- and with that he disappear from the window - scream all the way down until he hit with a thud . sophia Charlie ! she look down to see he lie prostrate in a bush . int . MAIN house -- later she rush through the villa , down the stair , and out through the hall to the front yard . 111 . she run up to he . he 's moan in pain . sophia be you ok ? charlie ( groan ) please tell I no one see that . Sophia look up and see the entire wedding party look at Charlie lie there . sophia no one see it . charlie good . sophia can you move ? he stay completely still as he smile . charlie only my lip . she lean over and kiss he as Claire and alfonso watch approvingly from a distance . as we ... fade to black . '' LA fine "