letter from iwo jima screenplay by Iris yamashita Story by Iris yamashita & Paul haggis FOURTH draft March 9 , 2006 fade in : ~ 8 int . iwo jima cave ~ day ( 2006 ) a dark , but large cave in the depth of the motoyama Mountains of iwo jima . the hand carve wall show striation of pick axe from many year past . a photographer make note on he clipboard and take flash picture of label artifact laid out on the floor -- a dust cover boot , a rusted and dent canteen . a group of japanese excavator wear hard hat with the word '' Association of iwo jima '' emblazon on they , carefully dig the floor with shovel . the dirt be throw into wooden box with rhythmic thump , and carry out to be sifted . drenched with sweat and they face red with exertion , the excavator wither under the humid heat . excavator # 1 how do that soldier dig out this tunnel in the first place ? exhausted , excavator # 1 have to pause . excavator # 1 let 's get a rotation in here . he start to leave . excavator # 2 wait a minute . his shovel hit something which look like a leather satchel . the two excavator take a closer look and carefully dig around the artifact . ext . iwo - jima beach ~- close on various shovel - day - 2 ( JUNE , 1944 ) as they pierce the black sandy dirt of the beach . they dig in and lift . the voice of pvf . katsuhiro saigo , in he thirty , read a letter . continued : 2 saigo ( v.0 . ) to hanakg . we soldier dig . we dig .all day . we dig hole where we be to stand when battle come . hole just big enough to stand in . not wide enough to move forward or to move back . hole where we be expect to fight and stay in until we die , for die we most likely will . pull back to reveal -- a entire beach line with trenches and soldier digging . the sun beat down on they sweat - drench back . superimpose : iwo jima island , JUNE 1944 . other soldier maneuver artillery piece into position or work on construct bunker and pillbox -- bury hut for housing machine gun and antitank weapon . saigo ( v.0 . ) hanako , now I know what it feel like to dig my own grave . saigo wipe he face dirtied with the black sand . he have a unrefine look , but with kind eye and a energetic demeanor . he 's see enough in life to either make he wise or a wise - ass . a flag of the japanese navy & Army , bear the sun motif with band ray , flutter on the beach encampment . overhead , a plane approach the island . int . plane head toward iwo — day lt . general tadamichi kuribayashi , fifty - three , staunch and tall , with a air of regality , sit on a bench of the supply plane . kuribayashi ( v.0 . ) today , I head for my post where my man be station . to avoid detection by the enemy , I take a supply plane and the hour of my arrival remain unannounced . my heart be as strong as that of General kusonoki who give he life for Japan 650 year ago at the minato River . ke ie { the i 3 continued : 3 kuribayashi look out a window as the plane descend . = kuribayashi ( v.0 . ) I hope you and the child be well . I be sorry I be not able to attend to the kitchen floor before I leave . make sure to have taro take care of it as that draft may give you a cold . as the plane approach iwo jima , the island materialize below like a large , brown pork chop . the distinct dome - shape volcano , mt. suribachi , rise up out of the South end . ext . back on iwo jima beach the black - sand beach be busy with the activity of soldier . the man dig at different interval from one another . pvt . kashiwara dig in the hole next to saigo 's . saigo damn this island ! the Americans can have it . he continue digging as he mutter . saigo nothing grow here , it smell , it 's hot , there be too many damn bug and there 's no water . kashiwara this island be part of Japan 's sacred homeland . : saigo there 's nothing sacred about this island . captain tanida , late twenty , and sharply dress , walk along the trenches inspect . kashiwara see he and try to warn saigo . kashiwara hey saigo ! hey ! saigo ignore kashiwara as he continue grumble . 2 continued : saigo we should just give this island to the ameritan , and then we can go home . captain tanida what do you say , soldier ? saigo finally see the Captain and put he shovel down . salute . saigo Sir , I say if we beat the Americans , then we can go home . Captain tanida look at kashiwara . captain tanida you there . be that what he say ? kashiwara seem helpless . there be a moment of hesitation . kashiwara yes , sir . ext . airstrip - day admiral ohsugi , forty , wait patiently on the beach along with he officer staff member . finally , the war-torn plane drone in for a landing . it land safely on the landing strip . kuribayashi step off onto the tarmac . lo. fujita , twenty , kuribayashi 's personal aide , follow behind he . . they make they way to ohsugi and exchange salute . admiral ohsugi welcome , General kuribayashi . I be Admiral ohsugi . they bow politely . kuribayashi how long have you be wait here for I ? ohsugi check he watch . continued : admiral ohsugi Three hour , ~sér . kuribayasht sorry to hear . they would not allow I to wire my arrival after what happen to Admiral yamamoto . admiral ohsugi I understand , sir . kuribayashi turn to Lt. fujita . kuribayashi this be my aide , Lieutenant fujita . Admiral ohsugi and Lt. fujita bow to each other . ohsugi touch he stomach and grimace . kuribayashi what 's the matter , Admiral ? you do not look very well . admiral ohsugi oh , it 's nothing , sir . the water here do not agree with I . kuribayasht sorry to hear that . ohsugi motion the way . admiral ohsugi this way to you quarter . kuribayashi Admiral , I want to make a round of the island first . admiral ohsugi shall I fetch a jeep ? kuribayashi no , let 's walk . walk 's good for the health . it might be just what you need , ohsugi - he chuckle , but ohsugi do not look pleased . they walk together , while the member of the staff walk a respectful 3 pace behind . esta be continued : ( 2 ) kuribayashi stop in front of a view of the cone - shape volcano , mt . surtbacht on the South end of the island . kuribayashi I could see it from the plane . mt. suribachi . that 's the first place the Americans will want to take , ohsugi . back at the beach Captain tanida quickly find a stick and whip saigo and kashiwara with it . the two grimace with the pain . tanida do not notice when kuribayashi and he entourage pass by behind he . captain tanida you no good peasant ! scum ! kuribayashi approach Captain tanida , who immediately stand at attention and stop beat saigo and kashiwara . kuribayashi Captain , what be you do ? captain tanida this soldier be conspire with unpatriotic word , sir . kuribayashi look over at the haggard look soldier . kuribayasht I see . and Captain , do you have such a excess of soldier that you can put two of they out of commission ? Captain tanida be hesitant . captain tanida no , sir . kuribayasht then stop beat they . deny they lunch ration instead . ohsugi and tanida look at each other , miff . kuribayashi a good captain use he brain , not just he whip . : continued : captain tanida yes , sir . a kuribayashi and what be all this ? captain tanida this ? trenches , sir . kuribayashit why be the man digging trenches here ? tanida look to ohsugi once again for support . captain tanida this be where the Americans be expect to land , sir . kuribayashi look at the man digging . kuribayashi have they stop immediately . captain tanida but , sir ... kuribayashi if you have study Tarawa , you would know that concentrate we defense at the beach would be futile . Captain tanida be hesitant . kuribayashi give he a firm look . Captain tanida turn towards the soldier . captain tanida stop digging ! the man stop and look up , surprised . kuribayashi turn to Captain tanida . kuribayashi and Captain , make sure this man get proper break . they look like they be from Mars . ext . along trench - later the soldier sit on the sand , eat out of they mess kit . all except saigo and kashiwara who watch they hungrily . b continued : 7 kashiwara rub he stomach . - '' kashtwara just a8 well . my stomach 's be bother I anyway . a soldier on water duty come by with a pitcher , and they be allow a tiny cupful , which they take gratefully . saigo a toast to General kuribayashi . a fine commander . kashiwara drink as well . saigo mmmmm . better than sake . pvt . nozaki , another soldier in he thirty , come to join they . nozaki I hear he live in America . maybe that 's why he do not want we digging trenches . maybe he like the Americans . saigo no , stupid . he study the Americans , so now he know how to beat they . nozaki I hear from someone in the 204th that another general be suppose to command the island , but he do not want the job , so Premier tojo give it to kuribayashi instead . saigo you hear a lot of thing , nozaki , but you ear be full of wax ! nozaki brushes he off . saigo anyway , you can not trust anyone from the 204th . they be part of the navy . I think this kuribayashi must be a superb general . look , we be not digging that damn trenches in the sand anymore , be we ? continued : ( 2 ) 7 kashiwara 's stomach make a large growling noise . ~ int . command CENTER - day 8 kuribayashi inspect a map of iwo jima with defense plan mark . Admiral ohsugi and a stern look Naval officer , lieutenant ito , be in the room with he . kuribayashit how many plane do we have ? admiral ohsugi 41 Zeke and 13 bomber . kuribayashi be that all ? admiral ohsugi we send 66 plane to reinforce the fleet at saipan . kuribayashi look grave . kuribayashi we will have to rely on support from the Combined fleet . he turn he attention to defense map . kuribayashi this be you defense plan ? admiral ohsugi yes , sir . kuribayashit and what about the army troops ? where will they be station ? ohsugi hesitates . admiral ohsugi well , sir , I do not know exactly . they be under the command of col ... adachi . kuribayashi look at he , surprised . " kuribayashi you have not coordinate you plan ? 10 continued : admiral ohsugi col . adachi prefer that we do not interfere* with each other 's chain of command . kuribayasht this be no time for childish game , Admiral . this be war . ohsugi feel the sting . kuribayashi sigh and go back to look at the map . kuribayasht this will not work . you be concentrate all you effort on the beach . move the artillery to higher ground . lo. ito but sir , we just have they move down to the beach . kuribayashi well , move they back up . we 'il need fortification at suribachi . coordinate with col . adachi and have they start immediately . lt . ito yes , sir . ext . iwo campground - day Admiral ohsugi walk briskly with Lt. ito , annoyed . admiral ohsugi . this one 's trouble . Lt. ito nod in agreement . lo. ito Army commander usually be , sir . ext . along trench - later Captain tanida bark command like a fierce little pit bull . saigo , kashiwara and nozaki stand to attention . 10 . 10 10 il 12 11 . continued : 10 captain tanida we new ordersyhave come in for the day ! prepare for relocation ! ext . mt. suribachi base - day 11 the soldier dig at the base of the volcano . the man be stripped to the waist in the heat . now the dirt they dig be more like lava , still steaming with heat . kashiwara it stink . saigo lift up a dirt - full and some of it fall on he back . saigo damn kuribayashi ! kashiwara shhhh ! captain tanida come on ! dig ! put you back into it . saigo mutter to himself . int . command CENTER ~ night 12 kuribayashi inspect a map on the wall highlight area once occupy at the height of the japanese Empire in 1943 , the '' Greater East Asia co-prosperity sphere . '' the area stretch over a vast circle over the Pacific . cover with pin of japanese flag , the map show location of strategic force . White flag represent area win back by the ally force . the white flag encroach on the japanese flag . ext . tokyo street ~ night 13 superimpose : shinjuku , tokyo under curfew , the street of Tokyo be mostly dark and unlit . captain iwasaki , a stern look kempeitai officer patrol the street . I I the 13 12 . continued : 13 next to he be yoichi . shimizu , 17 . everything about shimizu be orderly and pristine , from he shiny boot , to he perfectly .alignéd cap . both wear a white band on they leave arm with kanji character , '' Ken '' ( law ) and '' hei '' ( soldier ) inscribe on they . -shimizu ( v.o. ) to mother . I be proud to say I graduate training with fly color and I will be training under the guidance of Captain iwasaki . it fill my heart with joy to serve my Emperor and the Greater East Asia co- prosperity sphere . you can rest assure there will not be any spy or Communists under my watch . thank you for the rice cracker , but please do not send anymore . we must all conserve we food ration for the war effort . luxury be the enemy . save be the road to victory . a bicyclist ride through the main street , ringing he bell . Captain iwasaki yell at the bicyclist as he pass they by . captain iwasaki you there ! the bicyclist halt . captain iwasaki you should not be riding right in the middle of the street like that . what if there be a air raid or a military convoy come through here ? the bicyclist look frighten . he bow in compliance . bicyclist I be very sorry , sir . captain iwasaki get off to one side there . the bicyclist comply . Officer iwasaki turn to shimizu . 13 14 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 captain iwasaki remember , shimizu , as kempeitai , you have all the authority , so do not be intimidate by a person 's age . you have complete control . shimizu yes , sir . they arrive at , a office building with a signage chuo koron Magazine and bust the door open . int . office of chuo koron ( tokyo ) - later 14 shimizu roughly rummages through paper . a journalist , late forty , watch nervously , while Captain iwasaki stand before he . journalist what have I do ? captain iwasaki you be suspect of violate the peace preservation Law . shimizu continue to go through papers and magazine , throw useless one on the floor . journalist tell I which article it be . I be sure I have comply to all the rule -- - captain iwasakt be quiet ! the journalist stand up . journalist look , I have a family to support . just let I know what it be and I will retract the article . he take out he wallet and lay out he cash on the table . shimizu look at the cash , disgust . shimizu do you think we can be bribe ? how dare you insult we ! 14 15 14 . continued : 1 captain iwasaki shimizu , I 'il find the article . take care®of he . shimizu nod in compliance and strong - arm the journalist . journalist just a minute .. shimizu lead he out the door as he protest . Captain iwasaki deftly take the money off the table and pocket it . then he confiscate copy of the magazine chuo koron . ext . iwo campground - evening private first CLASS yamazaki man the postal tent , relax with a copy of a magazine . saigo walk to he and hand over a letter . private yamazaki another letter ? you know that the mail only go out when there 's a boat available , do not you ? saigo laugh , ' embarrassed . saigo I have a lot of family . private yamazakt then how come all you letter be address to you wife ? saigo give he a look . saigo nosey . private yamazaki here let I do you a favor . otherwise , you letter will never make it through . he open saigo 's letter . saigo hey , what be you do ? 4 15 15 16 15 . continued : 15 private yamazaki I use to workeat the Office of censorship in Tokyo , you know , before I get transfer . saigo transferred ? you mean demote ? yamazaki try to ignore the last comment . he read the letter . private yamazaki ( read ) '' to hanako . we soldier dig ... '' no , no , no . this will never pass . he start crossing off line of saigo 's letter . saigo hey ! private yamazaki continue black out line . most of saigo 's letter be cross out as he read / mumble the rest of the letter . he suddenly laugh out loud . saigo give I that back ! yamazaki finish crossing off the letter so that the only line that remain be " to hanako , '' and " hope you be do well . '' private yamazaki there . you will thank I for this later , saigo . he seal the letter back up . saigo grumble as he leave . ext . iwo jima training ground - day 16 saigo and the man have rifle practice . each soldier get they turn at hit a bull -eye . kuribayashi stand watch from a distance . one of the soldier 's gun jam and he fiddle with it . another be slow to aim . captain tanida faster ! ses tittinte ! 16 17 16 . continued : 16 kuribayashi continue to watch , disappointment register on he face . '' when it 's saigo 's turn , he aim he rifle . at the last minute , he jerk he gun . his shot be way off the mark . Captain tanida storm up to he and shout in he ear . captain tanida saigo , be you blind ? can not you see the target ? even my 6 year old could shoot better than you do . saigo bow he head in apology . captain tanida do it again . saigo fumble . he aim he rifle and once again , he shot be way off the mark . Captain tanida hit the back of he head . captain tanida you nre a embarrassment ! - you be a poor excuse for a soldier . tonight , you will clean the boot of you entire troop . go to the rear ! kuribayashi turn to Lt. fujita . kuribayashi better they should learn to clean they gun properly rather than they boot . ext . motoyama village ~ day 17 General kuribayashi , with a company of army soldier , march through the local village . ever he shadow , Lt. fujita march alongside he . it 's a small town with a dusty main street , a bar , general store and single - story house bedeck with banner . Children , woman and grandparent run out to greet the man with rising Sun flag and cheer they on . kuribayashi notice a collection of idle tank in the village with a few army mechanic work on they . i. for E 17 . 17 continued : 17 nm kuribayashi what be thosestank do here ? lt . fujita that be out of commission , sir . they be wait for part . kuribayasht wait for part ? how long have they be like this . lt . fujita I have be tell about a month , sir . kuribayashi look again at the tank . a little boy of about four play in the foreground with toy tank . 18 flashback - ext . boston street - day ( 1928 ) 18 the street be jamme with car , honking , and stall in traffic . kuribayashi sit on a park bench with harvard university in the b.g. , a stack of textbooks beside he . kuribayashi sketches a picture of a car in a notebook . kuribayashi ( v.0 . ) to taro , from Father . this be a picture of a car . America be fill with car . I have to be very careful when crossing the street . Cars come from every direction . even my may have a car . Japan have a lot of catch up to do with America . kuribayashi look up again at the traffic jam . kuribayashi ( v.o. ) taro , be you mind you mother ? I wish you be here with I . kuribayashi pull out a picture of he young son , taro . a end of flashback . } 19 20 21 22 23 18 . ext . motoyama village - day 19 kuribayashi be still focus on the young boy play in front of the idle tank . he turn to fujita . kuribayashi this civilian need to be evacuate as soon as possible . lo. fujita yes , sir . ext . campground - night saigo be busy clean stack of shoe . kashiwara approach he with he own boot . kashiwara saigo , I know that you must be a better shot than that after a year and a half . saigo do not look up from he clean . saigo I have no aim , that 's all . kashiwara hesitates for a moment , shake he head and leave he boot . ext . beach - day 21 kuribayashi with walk stick in hand , make he way briskly across the beach . he see the mountain in the Northern hill and head . over towards they . ext . NORTH hill - day 22 kuribayashi stare at the mountain , start to climb up one of they . he carefully ascend and peer into one of the natural cave . . ext . motoyama village - day 23 the village be now a empty ghost town . the flag have all be take down , turn the city from colorful to monochromatic . : be 23 24 19 . continued : 23 only bit of litter remain , scatter in the wind . ~ saigo and other member of he troop tear down a school house , collect the wood into pile . Captain tanida inspect another nearby structure . captain tanida we can use the wood from this one as well . all the man stop when they hear the sound of a galloping horse . they turn to see baron takeichi nishi , tall , handsome and gallant , riding with gusto towards they . saigo ( v.0 . ) hanako , we have a celebrity in we midst . do you remember Baron nishi , the Olympic gold medalist in horse jump ? he have just arrive from Tokyo and be station here as Commander of the 26th tank regiment . the man watch as he ride full speed , and hurdle over a fence . a study in grace and agility . the man clap . Baron nishi smile and salute they as he ride on . captain tanida get back to work , man . Baron nishi nearly mow Captain tanida over as he gallop away . saigo ( v.0 . ) Lieutenant Colonel nishi be very handsome , so I be sure the rumor of he womanize skill must be true , but there be no woman leave on the island to woo . he be friendly with the troops and sometimes talk casually among they . strange for a Lieutenant . SOUND crossover to : ext . iwo jima beach - day 24 kuribayashi walk along the sand with he walk stick . he stop when he see Baron nishi approach , sand fly from he horse 's heel . 24 continued : Baron nishi dismount he horse , he spur boot 20 . 24 clinking as they hit the ground . he salute kuribayashi . General kuribayashi walk up to Baron nishi and they shake hand like westerner . kuribayashl Lieutenant Colonel nishi . I use to be a cavalryman myself , you know . baron nisht yes , of course . I have be look forward to serve under you . one who understand horse the way I do . kuribayashi that be the day , when soldier could ride in on horse . not this mechanize contraption . kuribayashi admire the horse . baron nisht I could send for another horse and we could ride together , General . kuribayashi I be afraid my riding day be over , nishi . but tell I about this famous horse of yours that you win the Olympic with . baron nishi my stallion , Uranus ? + he pull out a picture of Uranus , a stallion of anglo - norman stock , and show it to kuribayashi . kuribayashi that 's a fine horse . baron . nishi the italian think I be do they a favor , get rid of he to I . no one could tame the beast , but I tell they ' if that 's a really headstrong horse , it 's just the one for I , a headstrong man . 's they share a laugh . 24 25 be . continued : ( 2 ) 24 kuribayashi I be die for : some news from the mainland on the war effort . we mostly just hear what they filter on the radio broadcast . baron nishi I understand . it 's hard to know what 's really go on this day . kuribayasht dine with I tonight . and if you have bring any sake back with you , that would be a double welcome . baron nishi I think that can be arrange , sir . int . officer 's quarter - night 25 kuribayashi and Baron nishi sit at a table with cup of sake before they . the cook enter and serve they plate of fish and rice . he then continue to place empty plate on the table . kuribayashi be that still really necessary ? cook regulation , sir . Baron nishi look at kuribayashi questioningly . kuribayashi , I have tell we cook that all officer will have the same ration and food as we man . the cook look flustered . cook it be not right . officer should not eat the same food . kuribayashi apparently , military regulation dictate that officer must be serve at least three dish . : 25 22 . continued : 25 . cook that 's right . at least three dish . this be a travesty , sir . I be very ashamed . the cook finish place the empty dish . kuribayashi so as a compromise , I tell he he could bring out empty dish . the cook bow and exit . kuribyashi he 's a stubborn son of a bitch . I have to give in to he . kuribayashi and nishi laugh . kuribayashi jovially pour another cup of sake in Baron nishi 's cup . kuribayasht we will defeat the enemy this time , nishi . it will be different from past island battle . baron nishi I be sure it will be , sir . kuribayashi after all , iwo tou be part of japanese soil . kuribayashi sip he sake . kuribayashi when the enemy arrive , we will contain they , and then we Combined fleet will take they out . blast they back to America . Baron nishi turn grave and be silent for a moment . baron nishi General , there be no longer any Combined fleet . kuribayashi what do you mean ? baron nisht I guess you have not hear about what happen with operation a - go ten day ago . ( more ) 25 26 27 23 . continued : ( 2 ) 25 baron nishi ( cont would ) most of Admiral ozawa 's carrier plane and float plane be destroy off the marianas . we still have some scattered naval force , but there will be no strike power from the air , or sea for that matter . kuribayashi look dark , then laugh . kuribayashi you must be drunk . this island be under the jurisdiction of the city of Tokyo . we will get we support . baron nishi if you want my honest opinion , the best thing to do would be to sink this island to the bottom of the sea . Baron nishi take a large gulp of the sake . kuribayashi be speechless , he jovial mood wipe out . kuribayashit and yet , you still come . baron nisht well , I figure you man be go to need all the tank I could bring . this bring a light smile back . int . planning room - night 26 kuribayashi look over the strategic plan . he slowly remove all air attack force plan from the table model . he stand over the table in grave contemplation , then angrily pull strategic plan paper off the wall . ext . iwo jima beach - day 27 kuribayashi stride along the beach with fujita behind he . kuribayashi this beach be wide . yes , the enemy must land here . they have no alternative . kuribayashi rush the beach . fujita watch he , perplex . 27 28 24 . continued : 27 kuribayashi fujita ! : lp. fustta Sir ! kuribayasht run along the beach there . lo. fujita six ? kuribayashi like you be one of the Americans . go on . which direction would you take ? fujita contemplate for a minute , then rush up towards the airfield . kuribayashi quickly take up a position and aim he walk stick at fujita , pretend to shoot , move around , look for another vantage point . he look at the surroundings , measure where the best position would be . kuribayashi okay , come from the other side . fujita comply . kuribayashi take up another position and mock shoot he again . ext . slope of suribachi - day 28 kashiwara and saigo stare in awe at the beach activity . kashiwara I think you general be a bit nut . Captain tanida stride up the slope bark command . captain tanida break time be over ! back to work ! the man get up immediately . kashiwara suddenly bowl over from a cramp . saigo look at he concerned . saigo you do not look so good . be you all right ? t fs ie fe fr t | by 28 29 25 . continued : 28 kashiwara it 's fine . jugt the damn water , I be sure . but I really need to go . he quickly make he way to a discrete location behind the mountain . ext . motoyama hill - day 29 kuribayashi walk along the hillside with a gaggle of officer struggle to keep up with he . Admiral ohsugi , aging 57 - year - old colonel adachi and maj . general sato be among they . finally , kuribayashi come to a stop and turn to the officer . ' kuribayashi we strategy will be to take a defensive position and use the terrain to we advantage . we will build cave and tunnel in the mountain , place we artillery along this ridge and suribachi . col . adachi what about the beach ? , kuribayashi the man will have a clear view of the beach from suribachi and motoyama . there be no need to fortify the beach . general sato General kuribayashi , you must understand that the trenches be the first line of defense . we must resume work on the beach . kuribayashi General , do you know how many car America produce in a year ? five million . five million car , General . the american force and they technological advancement should not be underestimate . the Americans will cross the beach eventually and the soldier 's life will be needlessly waste there . 26 . 29 continued : 29 col . adachi it 's inevitable that man will die . but I have never hear of a island operation without a line of defense at the beach . kuribayashi and how long do we gun last along the beach at saipan and guam ? will you please show I just how effective the beach pillbox at Tarawa be ? the officer be silent for a moment . general sato so we build tunnel and cave in the mountain ? admiral ohsugi it will be a futile waste of time . a the man cannot dig through a fos mountain . besides , what kind of war be fight in cave ? general sato the strategy should be to force the ship in for a heavy air attack . admiral ohsugi I agree . that make the most sense . we will have support from we Combined fleet . kuribayashi be quiet for a beat . kuribayasht we can no longer count on we Combined fleet . admiral ohsugi what do you mean ? '' kuribayashi the Combined fleet have be break . the officer look at each other with gravity . 29 30 31 27 . continued : ( 2 ) 29 kuribayashi what 's more , '' isreceive a order on the wire this morning that all we remain plane be to be send back to Tokyo to defend the mainland . general sato we will not be able to last five day without air support . kuribayashi we will hold the island as long as possible , no matter the outcome . once the Americans take iwo tou , they will have a clear route for they bombing run . but if we can draw out the battle , hold this island for at least 20 day , the Americans will think twice about attack Japan . ext . rain collection site - day 30 rain come down in torrent , a tropical storm in the midst of ' the heat . tarps that have be put up to collect the water fill up with the rain . Soldiers transfer the water from the tarp into bucket and haul they to camp . ext . iwo jima airstrip - day 31 another rainy day on the island . superimpose : december , 1944 shimizu step off a air carrier along with other soldier . he look around he , carry he pack . shimizu ( v.uo. ) of mother , today I be to join my new unit . I know you have be wonder about my transfer . this be something I can not discuss now , but I will explain to you some day . 32 int . troop 's cave ..— _day ( dec . 1944 ) the soldier lie on they bedroll , read book , 32 write letter or mend they uniform . even though it 's winter , the man be stripped to they undershirt and try to fan themselves in the heat . saigo read a book with picture of Egypt on the cover . saigo show nozaki a page from the book . saigo look at this picture . nozaki that 's some fancy castle . saigo you know who that castle be make for ? somebody who be already dead . nozaki they must have have a lot of money back then to make a castle . like that for a dead person . why be you read a book about Egypt anyway ? we be never go to war over there . saigo ( ignore ) we will be lucky if we even get a hole in the ground when we be dead . nozakt do not talk about that . it 's bad luck . shimizu enter the cave . despite the rain , he uniform still look crisp and clean . nozaki here come the new recruit . shimizu be this the 312th ? saigo that 's right . saigo continue read he book . 29 . 32 continued : 32 se nozaki I be nozaki . ~ teis be saigo . shimizu shimizu , yoichi . nozaki you can put you bedroll there , shimizu . he point to a empty space . shimizu be about to put he bedroll down , but saigo try to prevent he . saigo there 's another empty space at the back end of the cave . nozaki {to shimizu ) do not mind he . his friend kashiwara just die . that use to be he spot . shimizu methodically put he bedroll out , where kashiwara 's spot use to be . saigo but. we be all go to die . that 's we plan , be not it ? shimizu if it serve the country , it be a death of honor . saigo kashiwara die of honorable | dysentery . nozaki where be you from , shimizu ? shimizu from kanagawa - ken . nozaki kanagawa - ken . ozawa be from there , be not you ? . ozawa , a young soldier in he twenty , nod he head . ozawa that 's right . where do you train ? maybe we be at the same camp . * 30 . 5 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 I i i t I | shimizu be hesitant . '' = suimrzu no , I train in Tokyo . beak nozaki I train in Tokyo , too . what camp be it ? shimizu be hesitant again . é shimizu the koho kimmu yoin yoseijo . everyone become silent . shimizu turn to continue unpack he bedroll . nozaki quickly leave he vicinity and sidle up to saigo . nozaki why do you think they put a kempeitai in we unit ? saigo he 's not wear the white arm band . he 's not kempeitai . nozaki he go to the kempeitai military academy . saigo maybe he flunk out . nozaki notice a holster pistol on shimizu 's belt . nozaki i he act like a kempeitai . and : look at he holster . that 's not standard issue . and be riflemen even suppose to have pistol ? he 's be put here to spy on we . saigo why would he spy on we ? nozaki maybe it 's that letter you have be write . JI think you should be careful what you say , saigo . '' 32 33 31 . continued : ( 3 ) 32 saigo look worried . they watch shimizu . he sit down and pull out a small migror , check he closely cropped hair . he jump up suddenly with a yell . a centipede crawl on he . nozaki and saigo try to suppress they smirk . shimizu look embarrassed . he stomp on the insect angrily . , ext . campground - day 33 the soldier line up for they lunchtime ration . they each get a bowl of soup with weed float in they . saigo weed soup again ? they look over towards shimizu , who stand behind they in line . nozakt kuribayashi 's conserve we food supplies for the battle . saigo and nozaki sit down . shimizu sit slightly apart from the rest of the man . he look at he soup , try to suppress he shock . he dig in and eat without comment . saigo look at shimizu and then back into he soup . saigo we will be dead before the Americans even get here . and you would think with all my war effort contribution , we should be eat kasutera cake or sandwich . nozaki what ? saigo I run a bakery shop in Tokyo with my wife . we sell kasutera and ampan cake , back when we could still get sugar . saigo motion towards shimizu . 33 34 32 . continued : 33 saigo his kempeitai brethren use to come in 4nd take what they want . Said it be for the war effort . nozaki we run in to that type at we clothing store as well . saigo when we start make sandwich , they take that too . and when we run out of meat and just have bread , they still come . finally , they take we baking equipment for the metal and we be out of business . {a beat ) I should have be a fisherman . nozaki it must be hard on you wife without the shop and without a husband . flashback - int . bakery shop , entrance - day ( 1943 ) 34 hanako sweep the floor of the empty bakery shop , pause to rub she swollen belly . '' there be a knock at the door . int . bakery shop - back residence - day saigo sit on a mat on the floor read a book . saigo tell they to go away . we have nothing to sell . bakery shop - entrance hanako open the door . her face turn pale . satgo ( v.0 . ) who be it ? a CITY clerk and women from the patriotic women 's association , wear governmental sashes stand at the door . 35 . 33 . continued : the City clerk hold out a red letter . he bow with the letter outstretch in -his hand . hanako stare at it and do not take it . — : lead woman congratulation . you husband 's go to war . saigo come to the door . he also turn pale when he see the red letter , but try to compose himself . he take it and bow to they . saigo thank you very much . I be happy to serve the nation . the lead woman , in she forty , step forward . lead woman prayer for you eternal success at arm . hanako please . we have only each other . lead woman give hanako a look of anger . saigo hanako , go to the back , dear . hanako he 's already be to war once . lead woman we have all send we husband to war , Mrs. saigo . and we son . we all have to do we part . she look at hanako 's belly . lead woman at least you will have a little one to carry on you name . int . bakery shop - night 35 saigo and hanako sit across from each other at the dinner table . there be a meager ration of rice gruel and dry fish . hanako be unable to eat and weep silently . saigo put he chopstick down . srvereesane 34 . eo 35 continued : 350 saigo hanako , I can not taste the food with you tike that . hanako what be I go to do after you die ? saigo be I already in the coffin ? hanako the man never come back . do not you see all the black streamer fly in we village ? they never come back . they be not suppose to come back . she weep some more . saigo come over to she side . saigo I know . hanako and now , with the baby ... she ledn into he . hanako I be scared . saigo bend over and put he ear to she stomach , then talk to it . saigo hey , little baby . this be you father speak . let I tell you a secret . you be not to repeat this to anyone , okay ? ( whisper ) I plan to come back . hanako brighten when she hear this . end of flashback . 36 ext . motoyama cave -— day ( 1944 ) 36 the sound of pick axe clanging against stone wall fes emanate from a complex network of multilevel cave and : tunnel in the motoyama mountainside . 36 37 35 . continued : 36 saigo , nozaki and shimizu work in a separate area where sulfurous hot steam riseg from the rock . they wear gas mask to protect themselves . the mountain be like a busy anthill where man dig , remove , cart and carry . Baron nishi , still wear he spur boot , direct he man on camouflage tank in gunner position . kuribayashi look at he plan , compare the work to he map . he remain unnotice by Admiral ohsugi and Lt. ito as he walk behind they . admiral ohsugi this be ridiculous . why waste time digging this impossible cave when they be all go to die anyway ? lr. ito at least he have concede to the pillbox on the beach . kuribayashi continue to walk on . int . officer 's quarter - night 37 General kuribayashi sit at he desk , write a memo . Admiral ohsugi enter . admiral ohsugi you want to see I , sir ? kuribayashi yes , Admiral . kuribayashi continue write and Admiral ohsugi have to wait patiently . finally , kuribayashi look up . kuribayashi Admiral ohsugi , you have be look quite pale this day . admiral ohsugi it 's the water . it have never agree with I . kuribayashi I think you need to go back to Tokyo to recoup . 37 continued : 37 kuribayashi hand he the memo . Admiral ohsugi look $ at it and be momentarily speechless . kuribayashi I have just commission Admiral ichimaru to take you place . admiral ohsugi General , the island will not last more than five day without fleet support . I be not alone in think the cave work be ... i futile . kuribayashi stand up from the table , angere . kuribayashi the cave digging may be futile . maybe the stand on iwo tou will be futile . maybe the whole war be futile . but will you give up then ? what will we tell the people of Japan ? Admiral ohsugi , we will stay and hold this island until we die , until every last breath of we be expire . if my child can live to see one more day of a free Japan , that would be worth the one more day that we suffer instead of surrender . so do not tell I that the cave work be futile . he sit back down . Admiral ohsugi look defeat . admiral ohsugi I be sorry , General . I be mistaken . kuribayashi you be dismiss . Admiral ohsugi turn and walk out . : 38 ext , horse pen - day 38 Fresh from a ride , . Baron nishi fondly brushes he horse 's coat . baron nishi hey , Jupiter . that 's a good boy . 39 40 37 . ext . campground - day ~ : 39 Admiral ohsugi walk in the direction of the airstrip . behind he , he aide follow , carry he bag . General sato see he on the way . they stop and salute each other . . general sato it 's true then . I do not believe it when I hear . Admiral ohsugi try not to show he humiliation . admiral ohsugi I be glad to be go from this island . general sato we may have have we difference , but I be truly sorry to see you go . Admiral ohsugi start on he way again , then stop . admiral ohsugi General sato , it 's up to you now . I hate to say it , but kuribayashi belong back behind a desk at the Imperial Palace , not commanding a war . Baron nishi emerge from the horse pen and overhear the two talk . General sato nod . general sato I understand . there be many of we whose sentiment be with you . ohsugi continue on . ext , outdoor instructional hut - day 40 saigo , shimizu and nozaki sit in a hut for a instructional lecture , with Captain tanida speak . captain tanida the Americans be likely to land here . he point to the South beach on a map of iwo . [ i for | be 38 . t 40 continued : 40 captain tanida bes Cross fire position will be here , : here and here . : he point to motoyama and suribachi . captain tanida now , to be truthful , we will likely be outnumber by the : Americans in troop size and air g and naval support . but we have a great advantage . can anyone tell I what that be ? the soldier look at each other at a loss , still try to digest the fact that they will be outnumber in all aspect . finally , shimizu stand up . shimizu the Americans be weak - will and inferior to japanese soldier . captain tanida very good , shimizu . why be that ? shimizu they be not as discipline and let they feeling interfere with they fight . captain tanida that be correct . saigo and nozaki give each other look , distrustful of shimizu . zg : Captain tanida display a picture of a uniform american i medic . : captain tanida here be the uniform of a american medic . he should be you target , for Americans will risk the life of many soldier to save this one . 41 int . command hut - day 4l kuribayashi stand , look at the map of the Empire . soe the number of white flag have proliferate , while the ane japanese flag have diminish . : 4l 42 39 . continued : Al kuribayashi turn towards Baron nishi . = '' kuribayashi what be it . that you want to tell I ? baron nishi I just think I would warn you , sir , to keep a eye on you commander . kuribayashi thank you for you concern , nishi , but I have it under control . Admiral ohsugi be go and I trust General sato and Colonel adachi will keep thing in order . Baron nishi look unconvince . admiral ichimaru , the new naval officer , walk into the command hut . his right leg have be injure from a previous war wound , and he limp as he walk in . admiral ichimaru Admiral ichimaru report for duty , sir . kuribayashi ah , Admiral ichimaru . baron nishi Excuse I . he bow to they and start to leave , when the wail of a AIR raid siren interrupt they greeting . the siren be immediately follow by the drone of approach B - 24 . : kuribayashi grab he paperwork . the man quickly make they way out of the tent . - ext . campground - day 42 saigo and the rest of the troop get up and run quickly from the hut seek shelter . the squadron of plane descend upon they . strafing FIRE riddle the earth . saigo. and . nozaki jump behind a large rock formation . shimizu find shelter in a nearby trench . a 42 43 44 45 40 . continued : 42 as they watch , the sand explode before they in black plume . the man cover they head from the fall debris . = - a bomb disintegrate the instructional tent . that the man have just escape . bomb continue to fall like explosive rain around the island . . the command hut be ablaze in a orange plume of fire . finally , the bombing stop . Baron nishi emerge from one of the trenches . baron nishi Jupiter ! ext . horse pen - day 43 Baron nishi rush out to the pen . the horse lie dead on the ground . Baron nishi go over to it . Falls on he knee , devastate . pet its neck . campground 44 the man start clean up the debris . saigo pick up plank of wood when he see private yamazaki in the distance , sit upright . he approach he . saigo hey . hey , yamazaki . what be you do just sit there ? help we out here . yamazaki do not respond . saigo get closer to he and reel back in horror . yamazaki 's skull have be blast out of he head , leave he distort face . int . troop 's cave - night ( february , 1945 ) 45 more aerial bomb blast can be hear outside the cave . saigo , shimizu , nozaki , ozawa and other troop member bide they . time in they sleep quarter . L 41 . 45 continued : 45 shimizu write a letter . = shimizu ( v.0 . ) to mother . we be be bombard daily by B - 24 . they fly at a altitude too high to be reach by we anti-aircraft gun . Officer tanida estimate there have be over 20,000 shell on this tiny island . when the Americans finally arrive , we will give they we own Hell . the man look haggard , with ring under they eye from lack of sleep . nozaki approach saigo , motion towards shimizu . nozaki I think he 's write about we . in he report . . saigo he 's just write a letter . it 's be two month , nozaki . he would have report we by now . nozaki how can you be sure ? they watch shimizu . the ground rumble with another bomb blast . ozawa . will they ever stop ? Day and night . Day and night . it 's drive I nut ! a tire soldier in he thirty , try to sleep in he bedroll , cover he ear . another explosion cause debris to rain down from the cave wall . the tire soldier finally get up angrily . tire soldier if the damn Americans be go to invade , why do not they hurry up and land already ? ne 46 psccotoket 47 48 42 . int . officer's quarter - night the bombing noise be more distant in the deeper and larger cave of the Officer 's quarter . kuribayashi sit at he desk . he doodle a draw on a letter he have write . kuribayashi ( v.o. ) tako -chan . you last letter be write very well . you use some very big word . you have grow very wise and I be very happy . you make just five error in you kanji . this be a picture of you father walk around the island . kuribayashi look at a portrait of he family — - he wife , sone and two daughter . Lt. fujita enter the cave hold a wire . lt . fujita General , the fleet of american ship have leave saipan . kuribayashi stand to receive the note . kuribayashi so they be on they way . have all beach position manned and ready for action . lt . fujita yes , sir . int . planning room - day at kuribayashi turn on a microphone . outside bomb continue to be drop . kuribayashi Men , the time have come at last to show you true color . to fight as honorable man of the Imperial japanese Army . intercut - planning room / troop’s cave 48 saigo , shimizu and nozaki stand at attention , as they listen to kuribayashi 's voice over the loudspeaker . 48 49 50 43 . continued : 48 kuribayasht iwo tou be of ytmost importance to we nippon . - if the army take this island , they will land they plane here , refuel and fly they bomb to the homeland . they will attack we village and destroy they with fire bomb . for the sake of we homeland , we must delay they as long as possible . we can not expect to return home . saigo and nozaki look at each other , the last sentence confirm what they fear . kuribayashi for 5000 year , no foreign army have desecrate the land of Japan . all of you must fight like nipponjin . in the name of we father who hold back the Russian marauder at Port Arthur and mukden , and we forefather before that who fight against the invasion of the mongol over 600 year ago , I ask each of you to defend this island to the limit of you strength . no man must die until he have kill at least ten Americans . we will hold iwo tou until the last of we have perish . Long live the Emperor ! the men raise they hand in the air . men . Long live the Emperor ! banzai ! banzai ! banzai ! troop 's cave - later . 49 nozaki pull out he money . a few bill and some coin . he pour they into a envelope . other soldier follow suit , collect money and small trinket of value , fold they into letter . ' saigo similarly place he bill into a envelope . ext , pacific ocean - night 50 the armada of american ship make its way . ke 5 51 int . baron nishi 's quarter - night = 7 Baron nishi compose a letter . : baron nishi ( v.0 . ) : keep warm and safe . I will fight courageously in the spirit of yamato . do not expect my return . in the end , I would just like to say , my heart have always be with you . takeichi . SOUND crossover to : 52 int . troop 's cave - night a soldier pass out clean sock and towel . the man strip , change into clean clothes . one by one , the man face a religious altar adorn with zig - zag strip of paper ( gohei ) . they bow before it . 53 int . kuribayashi's quarter - night 53 kuribayashi be contemplative as he look over letter send from he family -- the scrawl of he youngest daughter , the elegant calligraphy of he wife 's hand and finally , the bold stroke from he son . he slowly fold they and take out he pen . kuribayashi ( v.0 . ) taro , I will fight as a son of kuribayashi , the samurai , and will behave in such a manner as to deserve the name of kuribayashi . now be the time for you to step up and lead the family . the life of you father be like a flicker of flame before the wind . 54 int . troop 's cave ~ night : 54 saigo pick up a cotton belt with numerous stitching . he put it on and boast to nozaki . saigo no one can shoot I now . 54 55 56 45 . continued : 54 nozaki look at it . 7 % - nozaki that 's a nice belt . my wife send I one too . nozaki pick up a similar belt . he look around the room . some of the other soldier have similar belt . he look at shimizu . nozaki do not look like Mr. kempeitai have a thousand -stitch belt , do he ? saigo maybe he think it will clash with he uniform . he probably do not believe in superstition , anyway . shimizu finally pick up a similarly stitched belt . nozakt his mother make he one after all . ext . iwo jima island - day 55 the island be cloud in large black plume as it be pound relentlessly by plane fly sorty , drop mega- ton bomb . int . suribachi cave - day 56 saigo 's unit be amass at they position in the volcano dress in uniform , some wear they thousand - stitch belt . the entire ground shake with each bomb . saigo and nozaki can barely keep upright after each blast . nozaki maybe they be try to sink the island . saigo my head hurt . nozaki how many ship do you think there be out there ? 46 . 56 continued : 56 saigo at least 30 . maybe even 50 . nozakt they must be really close . saigo get up . . saigo I need to take a leak . nozaki do not go near the sewer . I hear dysentery be spread through there . saigo where do I go then ? nozaki there 's a pot , at the end of the cave . saigo take off . 57 int . suribachi cave ~ early morning 57 the troops eat they morning ration of porridge . Captain tanida enter , adjust he pants . captain tanida someone need to go throw out the shit pot . the man put they head down , concentrate on they food , try not . to be pick . captain tanida saigo ! saigo reluctantly get up . saigo yes , sir . captain tanida and saigo , if anything happen to that pot , you will be carry we shit away with you hand . saigo yes , sir . 58 59 47 . int . end cave - morning 4 58 saigo pick up the chamber pot , hold it at a distance with disgust . he make he way through a — - cave network -- and finally come to a -- outlet . ext . mp. suribachi - morning 59 saigo carefully navigate around the base of suribachi . he come to a crag and dump the filthy content of the bowl . saigo look up to see the armada of ship -- a impose mass of 485 ship converge around the island . the sight of the enormous fleet cause saigo to drop the bowl . it tumble down into a crevice . saigo no ! saigo reach down into the crevice , try to retrieve the bowl , but can not reach it . saigo damn ! suddenly , a whistling noise cause saigo to run for cover . a bomb explode , send sand fly in the air . puff of white smoke off the ship convey that a shoot barrage have begin . Dark fireballs and geyser of black sand and rubble erupt over the landscape . saigo crawl back towards the crevice and try to reach down again without success . he look up to the heavens . saigo be this some kind of joke ? what kind of God be you ? make we suffer like this ! you be probably laugh be not you ? you think this be funny . 59 60 continued : 59 saigo look around and find - a stick . he 'fish down in the crevice and catch the bowl on the end of the stick . = carefully , carefully , he raise the stick , balance the bowl on it . a bomb explode in the sand yard away from he . but determine , saigo manage to keep it steady . at last he pull it up and take it with relief , then run for the cave . as he run , a bomb shell fall in he path . saigo drop into the sand , still hold the pot , brace for the explosion , but nothing happen . saigo slowly get up and stare at the dud . he look to the heavens . saigo thank you , God . I take back what I say before . you be truly great . ext . motoyama mountain - morning 60 kuribayashi peer through he binocular . General sato and Admiral ichimaru stand at he side , also monitoring the activity . he see gunboat and destroyer approach the island . admiral ichimaru shall we commence fire ? kuribayashi it 's not yet time . hundred . of landing craft hunker on to the beach , Marines pour out of they hull . admiral ichimaru the man wish to commence fire . kuribayashi tell they to hold they fire . admiral ichimaru ( into the radio ) hold you fire ! hold you fire ! General sato look angrily at kuribayashi . 60 61 62 49 , continued : 60 general sato the Americans will have the beach in no time if there be no resistance . kuribayashi let they land until there be no more room for reinforcement . he continue to watch with binocular . amphibious vehicle converge on the beach like a swarm of bee . ext . beach - morning 61 from the viewpoint of one of the beach pillbox , the massive number of approach Americans be even more frightening . a pillbox gunner look on nervously , clasp he automatic weapon . admiral ichimaru ( v.o. ) hold you fire ! a barrage of rifle FIRE and semi - automatic bullet fly in from the amass american army . the gunner duck . ext . NORTH hill - early morning 62 kuribayashi peer through he binocular again . the beach be flood with marine and vehicle . ' tank , try to make they way , mire in the sand . : kuribayashi see how they have bunched up there on the beach ? there 's no room to advance or retreat . General sato look through he binocular . kuribayashi give the order . commence fire . admiral tchtmaru ( on the radio ) begin fire . se 63 64 65 66 67 50 . int . suribachi cave - day a Men at the window of they cave unleash FURY , firing with machine gun onto the beach . saigo run between the interconnected cave , supplying ammo . ext . motoyama mountain - day Baron nishi stand by he man as they load a conceal tank unit . baron nishi Fire ! the force of the FIRE cause the tank to recoil . ext . suribachi beach — day 64 the american marine be fire upon from every direction . mine blow , soldier fall . Men and machine disintegrate . a marine run up the beach and throw a grenade into a pillbox . the pillbox & body of the japanese gunner fly . another marine with a flamethrower incinerate a hide pillbox and japanese soldier run scream out in flame . int . suribachi cave - day oo 65 shimizu and nozaki FIRE down on the marine . the flamethrower be gunned down . ext . motoyama mountain -— day 66 the chaos of gunfire , shell and howling rocket echo through the mountain . int . command CENTER - evening : 67 kuribayashi field report from he officer . 51 . 67 continued : 67 a lt . fujita the gun emplacement of the kitakubo unit be destroy . also , pillbox unit on the beach have all be take or destroy . however , all other force be intact and we estimate more than a thousand enemy casualty . kuribayashi beam proudly . kuribayashi the pillbox destruction be unavoidable . overall , that be good news . how be the man hold up at suribachi ? li . fujita force be intact . kuribayashi good. good . what be the enemy situation ? for lo. fujita a enemy strength be estimate at approximately 20,000 man and 80 tank . kuribayashi no . there be far more than that . they still have soldier wait to land in they boat . lt . fujita at present , the enemy bridgehead extend between South landing and futatsune iwo , with its depth great in the vicinity of the western tip of chidori airfield . kuribayashi look at the map . kuribayashli just as I think . they be make a two - pronge attack . suribachi and the motoyama ~ a airfield . g : 68 69 70 int . suribachi cave - night a saigo , shimizu , nozaki and the other man line up in formation . they salute col . adachi as he make he way among the man . col . adachi well do , man . you have prove yourselves today as worthy soldier . as reward , you have earn Imperial gift . each man be give one cigarette and one piece of candy . the soldier bow and gratefully take they booty . col . adachi infinite be the graciousness of we Emperor . lighter be pass around , as each soldier savor he cigarette . int . baron nishi 's cave - night 69 Baron nishi 's troop , in contrast , be more relaxed , already seat on the ground with cigarettes . Baron nishi lift a-bottle of liquor to toast he man and take a swig . he still wear he boot with spur . int . suribachi cave - night 70 saigo and shimizu sit by the cave entrance on night guard duty . compare to the chaos of the daytime bombardment , the night air be relatively silent , interrupt only by occasional sporadic FIRE . saigo start to drift , he hand slip off he rifle . shimizu nudge he . shimizu hey ! saigo wake up , quickly pick up he rifle . shimizu you be doze . 70 53 . continued : 70 saigo stand , stretch , and go to the cave open . he watch the bright night flare fly into the air . saigo remind I of the summer firework at obon season . saigo wipe he eye . saigo you be from kanagawa - ken , right ? will shimizu nod . saigo before I move out to Tokyo , I _ grow up in yokota . in akita prefecture . saigo reflect , while shimizu remain silent . saigo it do not feel like February here . right now , there would be lot of snow back home . it 's right about the time that the village child would be building kamakura . they would be building snow house light with lantern , offer toast mochi cake and warm amazake to passersby . all along the river , tiny white house light with candle . it 's really something you ought to see . the pure white snow , the river , the warm glow of the candle ... saigo reflect on the image in he mind . shimizu ( softly ) I have hear about it . I would have like to have visit akita once . there be a moment of silence . saigo you be not really kempeitai be you ? if you be , you would not be here now . shimizu do not respond . 54 . 70 continued : ( 2 ) 70 saigo if there 's something you do not want : anyone to know , I be good at keep secret . shimizu look at he watch . shimizu we shift be end . it 's time to go back in . he get up and leave . 71 int . suribachi cave - day 71 mortar pound the mountain . ozawa man a gunner position . ozawa I need more ammo ! saigo pick up a machine gun tray , when suddenly the cave mouth explode with a direct hit . ozawa be blast to the back of the wall , he leave arm tear off . he scream in pain , go into shock , then slump over dead . : saigo rush to he . saigo ozawa ! Captain tanida emerge . captain tanida saigo , take he place . saigo the machine gun 's blast . captain tanida use you rifle . '' saigo clumsily try to undo the safety of he gun . as he do so , he gun point at tanida . captain tanida watch out ! imbecile ! saigo sorry , sir . 71 72 73 74 55 . continued : 71 captain tanida saigo , forget about the rifle . you shot have always be useless . go send a report to col . adachi that we need another machine gun . saigo be inwardly triumphant . saigo yes , sir . saigo run through the network of cave . he hear scream as man be hit by direct shot . smoke and dust fill the cave . ext . NORTH hill - day 72 kuribayashi watch again with binocular . the explosion be spectacular . relentless . lt , fujita Sir , suirbachi be take a pound . Col. adachi be ask for reinforcement . kuribayashi we can not send reinforcement . tell he to hold out . int . suribachi base cave - day 73 shimizu and nozaki man a machine gun position . the howling of blast and shell echoes throughout . shimizu 's body reverberate as 's he control the machine gun . ext . suribachi cave - day 74 the american Marines rush towards the mountain . one Marine head straight for shimizu 's hole , with a live grenade in he hand . nozaki shoot he . shimizu aim the gun at he , but it 's jamme , he hit the machine . 74 75 76 continued : '' 74 nozaki what 's the matter ? shimizu it 's jamme ! the american keep rush . shimizu fumble for he pistol , but in he nervousness , he hand shake . he drop the pistol . just as the american be about to throw the live grenade , he be shot down . the grenade explode in he hand . nozaki hold the smolder pistol . int . adachi be cave - day . 15 saigo arrive at adachi 's cave . Col. adachi look tired and beat . he nervously suck on a cigarette as he speak into a radio transmitter . saigo wait for he to finish . col . adachi General , we be lose suribachi . it 's all lose . request permission to lead a suicide mission at 2100 hour . int . command CENTER - day 76 kuribayashi hear adachi 's haggard voice . kuribayashi no . no suicide mission . you and you man must try to hold out . if all fail , join force in the North cave . col . adachi ( v.0 . ) but , sir . I have fail to hold suribachi . permit I to die with honor with my man . kuribayashi '' no , Colonel , this be a order ~~ the line be cur and it turn to static . kuribayashi adachi ... - hello ? 77 718 57 . int . adachi 's cave - day ; 17 there be just static on the wire . col . adachi finally turn to saigo , he eye bloodshot . saigo Sir , Captain tanida request to have a machine gun team send to he area . col . adachi it 's lose . it 's all lose . saigo six ? col . adachi suicide . it 's the only thing leave . you man should commit suicide . adachi scribbles a note . saigo but the General -- adachi here , take this to you commander . saigo take the note . he look back at adachi who go back to suck he cigarette and stare at the cave wall . saigo retreat through the cave with the note . int . suribachi cave - evening 78 '' Captain tanida stare at the note . it read '' jiketsu '' ( mass suicide ) . the man be solemnly gather around , know what . be to come . saigo Captain , I hear General kuribayashi order col . adachi to escape -~ captain tanida quiet ! escape be the coward 's way . sit down ! ai ghllmaebenater soe see not tit '' 58 . continued : 78 saigo comply and sit down in the back . '' = captain tanida Men , we must . remember that we be the Emperor 's soldier . we must now die illustriously and find we place at yasukuni shrine . this be we destiny . one of the soldier sob . captain tanida tennoheika banzai ! _ men banzai ! banzai ! banzai ! captain tanida pull you grenade man . there be silence . finally , one of the soldier shout . suicide soldier tennoheika banzai ! he pull the pin off he grenade , hold it to he chest . this start a chain reaction . saigo watch in horror as nozaki pull he grenade and explode . saigo fall back away from the rest of the man . Captain tanida take he pistol out and shoot himself in the head , fall over dead body . shimizu have he hand on he grenade , but it shake . he sit there freeze . saigo retreat backward , head for a outlet . then he make a run for it . shimizu see this , pull out he pistol and follow after he . shimizu stop ! : saigo turn around . shimizu have he pistol point at shimizu you should die like a honorable soldier ! 78 719 59 . continued : ( 2 ) 78 saigo look , shimizu , , we can still join the troops in the Northern cave . shimizu we order be to stay here until death . saigo I hear General kuribayashi himself give order to escape . shimizu hesitates . saigo I hear it on the wire . shimizu still seem undecided . saigo would we better serve the Emperor as dead man or if we continue fight ? shimizu finally put he gun down . they both run off through the -- network of cave 79 - a intricate system of tunnel below suribachi . shimizu where do this go ? saigo Underground . it all take we closer to motoyama . saigo and shimizu make they way through the tunnel when they spot two other soldier , pvis . ono and hashimoto . ono do you have order to move back ? shimizu hesitates . hashimoto where 's the rest of you man ? saigo all dead . k 60 . 79 continued : 79 ono it 's the same with we . the tunnel narrow . up above , they can hear the footstep of Marines run . hashimoto there 's a outlet somewhere near here . saigo shhhh . marine 1 ( 0.8 ) ( in English ) I can hear jap below we . marine 2 ( 0.s. ) hey guy , there 's a hole here . light pour through the tunnel . the man freeze . a blast of FIRE from a tunnel hole enter the cave . hashimoto , close to the outlet , be set aflame . he scream in agony . ono hashimoto ! the flame consume he . he roll on the ground , but there be no put the fire out . a grenade be toss from above . saigo pull Ono back with he and the man turn and run back the way they come as the explosion rock the narrow cave wall . saigo look back at the block passage way . ono hashimoto ! 80 int . suribachi tunnel ~ night 80 Ono look dishearten as the man trudge through the tunnel , back the way they come . saigo we 's j1 have to find another way . we will go back to suribachi . they continue to make they way through the tunnel when they hear japanese soldier yelling . 80 . 81 61 . continued : 80 they turn a bend and see a group of soldier , drag a batter american marine{kid . soldier # 1 we get one ! soldier # 2 pull he out of the ceiling ! soldier # 1 yell at the kid . soldier # 1 so you think you could blow we up , or burn we alive like the rest , do you ? the kid do not understand a word . Ono join the other soldier , pull he up by the scruff . ono you damn Americans kill hashimoto ! he punch the kid and knock he to the floor . then he start kick he . other member of the garrison join in on the kick . the kid tremble with fear . kid please ! soldier # 1 take out he bayonet and attaches it to he rifle . Ono follow he example . they close in on he and spear he . shimizu watch freeze . saigo turn away , unable to watch . blood spurt on the wall as the kid scream . ono dirty american ! int . command CENTER — night 81 kuribayashi pace back and forth . kuribayashi have we hear anything more from the suribachi sector ? 81 82 83 84 62 . continued : lt . fujita no , sir . | = - kuribayashi send out a messenger . lt . fujita yes , sir . int . suribachi tunnel - night soldier # 1 lead saigo and the rest of the man . soldier # 1 Lieutenant oiso have order all survivor to rendezvous at . the East Main cave . int . east cave - night 83 saigo , shimizu , Ono and the other soldier gather along with a large group of soldier . a haggard look lo. col . oiso brief they . lt . col . oiso we will make a run for the motoyama mountain . there be no cover for two kilometer . it 's every man for himself . he look at the man . lt . col . oiso see you on the other side . if not on this earth , in the next world . ext . suribachi mountain - night 84 saigo and shimizu stand wait among the troops , ready to make they mad dash . ~ saigo ( whisper ) do not run up with the herd . that 's where the enemy will aim they gun . fall back behind and stay low . shimizu that 's cowardice ! 84 63 . continued : 84 saigo call it what - yqu will , but there 's no use for a dead soldier . shimizu fall back slightly . Lt. col oiso let out a yell , lead the desperate charge . the troops follow , rush out in a unorganized stampede . the night sky explode with flare and artillery shot . Lt. col oiso ' 's short - live charge end as he fall to the ground . other meet a similar fate . saigo and shimizu straggle from behind . saigo keep down ! keep down ! ' Men continue to fall before they in a virtual bloodbath . a barrage of bullet hit the ground before they . saigo get down ! saigo and shimizu fall to the ground . the slaughter continue . finally , the rapid FIRE slow as the number of man leave stand diminish . saigo crawl forward . shimizu and saigo do a slow crawl along the ground . saigo wait until the flare go out . the flare dissipate to black . saigo now ! they rush forward . a new flare go up . saigo get down ! 84 85 86 64 , continued : ( 2 ) 84 they lie amongst dead japanese soldier body . another strafe . of bullet hit the ground and shimizu quickly pull . a dead soldier 's body over he for protection . when the flare die out , they continue on . other japanese soldier follow they example . that whose movement be catch in the light of the flare be instantly shot . ext . motoyama mountain - morning 85 shimizu and saigo scramble up a mountain . they be cover with black , sooty sand , weary and exhaust . shimizu look ! saigo turn around to see the american flag fly on top of mt. suribachi . int . command CENTER ~ day 86 kuribayashi pace . kuribayashi have we hear back from the messenger to General adachi ? lt . fujita no , sir . he never come back . kuribayashi look perturb . kuribayashi I '11 go out there myself . lt . fujita but , sir ... he start to head out . Lt. fujita run after he . lt . fujita General , motoyama have a transmitter as well . perhaps they have be able to receive a message . we should try there ' first . 65 . 87 int . motoyama cave - day ; 87 shimizu and saigo come to thé mouth of a cave . they hear the click of a gun . saigo the password . shimizu nogi. guard ( 0.8 . ) togo . the guard emerge and they be lead into the cave . 88 int . ito 's cave - day 88 Lt. ito stare out one of the gun port of the cave towards the flag on suribachi with anguish . guard Sir , this man escape from mt. suribachi . Lt. ito look at they harshly . lt . ito what ? the man stand at attention . shimizu shimizu , yoichi report for duty , sir . saigo saigo , katsuhiro . lo. ito you escape from mt. suribachi ? shimizu yes , sir . lo. ito how dare you ! he pull out he sword . all the man take a step back away from he . cepeeten the pes er es 88 66 . continued : 88 lt . ito it be you duty to stay in you position * until death ! you should have die with you fellow troop member ! you be both a disgrace . get on you knee ! saigo but , sir ... he advance with he sword . lt . ito I say get on you knee ! tremble , shimizu and saigo fall to they knee . Lt. ito lift he sword . just as he do , kuribayashi enter with Lt. fujita . kuribayasht Lieutenant ito ! Lt. ito turn around , put he sword down and salute they . kuribayashi what be you do ? lt . ito this man run from mt. suribachi . kuribayashi Lt. ito , I give the order that all survivor make they way to the North cave . I can not have you decapitate my soldier . lt . ito I be very sorry , sir . it 's just ... he look towards suribachi with the flag wave and sit down on the ground . lt . ito suribachi have fall . he put he head into he hand . saigo and shimizu , grateful that they life have be spare , retreat . to the back of the cave . kuribayashi look out towards suribachi and see the flag atop the mountain . he look crestfallen . 88 89 90 67 . continued : ( 2 ) 88 a barrage of bomb and shelling start . * kuribayashi now . that suribachi have be take , the enemy will maneuver all force onto the hillside . kuribayashi turn to Lt. ito , put a hand on he shoulder . kuribayashi fight for you fall brethren . int . motoyama cave ~ night 89 shimizu and saigo , wipe from they ordeal , snore like two chainsaw . they be kick awake by one of ito 's soldier . ito 's soldier get up ! shimizu and saigo slowly get up . ito 's soldier Major General sato be lead a general attack . we man be to join he . : saigo but General kuribayashi 's order be to remain in the cave . ito 's soldier Lieutenant ito say kuribayashi be 'a weak american sympathizer . int . motoyama cave -— night 90 Lt. ito gather he force of about 25 soldier together . lo. ito we will take back mt. suribachi ! let we march ! the soldier follow behind he as he lead the way out of the cave . g seegogreneti ooo 91 68. ext . navy cemetery - night 91 Lt. ito 's man gather near the cemetery between airfield no. 2 and no. 3 . they be behind a gather of a large group of man , hopelessly disorganize , milling around in the darkness . Lt. ito approach one of they . Lt. ito where be Major General sato ? soldier we do not know . lt . ito who 's in charge here ? the soldier look around hopelessly . soldier I be not sure . Lt. ito return to he man . lo. ito stay here until I determine the plan of action . suddenly a undiscipline yell of '' banzai ! '' ring out , start a chain reaction and the man in front of they stampede forward . saigo ( mutter ) we be dead . Lt. ito look surprised by the movement . almost instantaneously the sky light up with star-shell flare , expose the attacker . mortar round throw up geyser of earth and ash . machine gun pellet the man and they drop like fly . Lt. ito , saigo , shimizu , and the rest of he regiment be pin down , crouch behind rock . bullet whiz in every direction . a man next to shimizu attempt to get up but be immediately shot in the head , fall down next to he . 91 92 69 . continued : 91 lo. ito pull back ! Weil ] get reinforcement . the man retreat and head back for the cave near nidan iwa , the area the Americans have dub Hill 382 . ext . baron nishi 's cave - night 92 Lt. ito lead he team to the mouth of the cave . nishi 's guard ( 0.8 . ) nogi . lt . ito togo . it 's Lt. ito . nishi 's guard let he pass through . lt . ito why do not you regiment join the attack ? you be not rat . come out of you cave and fight ! where be you commander ? Baron nishi appear . baron nishi there be to be no attack . lt . ito what ? General sato send the order . baron nishi kuribayashi countermand sato 's order . there be to be no attack . lt . ito we will take back suribachi ! with or without kuribayashi . there be already troops on the attack . get you man in order ! this rile Baron nishi . baron nisht Lieutenant , may I remind you of you rank . you disrespect of you senior officer put you man at needless risk and compromise the island 's general defense strategy . 92 93 70 . continued : 92 baron nishi ( cont would ) I suggest either you . go back to you cave , or hand over you man . Lt. ito storm . out bf the cave , cursing nishi . lt . ito ( to he man ) we will do it ourselves . shimizu turn to saigo . . shimizu ( whisper ) this be against rule . it 's mutiny to counter a senior officer . saigo never trust a captain that try to cut you head off . ext . navy cemetery - night 93 smoke rise from the field -- a surreal sea of dead japanese soldier on a dark battlefield . the man stare at the scene in shock . Lt. ito sit down crestfallen . finally , he get up , falter a bit . lt . ito I will not go back . I have have enough of cave fight . you man be now under Lieutenant Colonel nishi 's command . Lt. ito pick up a explosive and strap it to he back . lt . ito I will not die before I take out at least one of they machine . even if I have to throw myself under a enemy tank . the man look at each other in awe . Lt. ito solemnly turn and leave the man .. Lt. ito stagger forth into the darkness . 71 . 94 int . kitano point commanq CENTER - night 94 kuribayashi take counsel with he staff . Lt. fujita walk in hold a piece of paper . kuribayashi what be the status ? lt , . fujita a thousand man be lose ina night time skirmish along chidori airfield 1 . kuribayasht be not my order not to lead a general attack convey ? lt . fujita it seem the order countermand General sato be not convey to all sector . kuribayashi pound the table . kuribayashi damn that General sato ! kuribayashi pace . kuribayasht and the american advancement ? lp . fujita ree a battalion be head North as expect and meeting light resistance along nishi ridge . kuribayashi look at a map . he outline the Marine movement . kuribayashi good , then they be fall into we trap . once they cross nishi ridge , they will be surround on three side . kuribayashi look at fujita . . kuribayashi have we receive a response yet from Tokyo for reinforcement and the supplies ? . ne vag ueventnecorss oa sgenepetee 94 95 96 97 72 . continued : 94 lt . fujita this come in sir . '' he pass the piece of paper to kuribayashi . kuribayashi read it gravely . kuribayashi ( read ) ' I regret that . we be unable to send reinforcement to iwo at this time . however , in view of the overall requirement , I earnestly hope you will maintain calm and fight staunchly by all mean . 's ext . gully - morning , 95 Lt. ito , with the bomb still strapped to he back , find five dead body along what look like a logical route of advancement . he settles himself among the dead body , fly buz around he . he stare at the sky above in silence , wait for the tank to come . ext . baron nishi 's cave - morning 96 gunfire and tank blasting echo through the mountain . saigo and shimizu be assign the strenuous duty of load a spigot mortar . load and blasting . the shell make a whirring noise as it fly through the air . Three american tank be take out as they head along the 3rd motoyama airfield . now in the daylight hour , the Americans take a beat . try to advance along the airstrip , they be mercilessly slaughter . one grenade - bear marine bravely rush out , throw a grenade into a fortify pillbox in the hillside . he be immediately shot down . inside the cave 97 lt . okubo , nishi 's aide , notice movement directly below they . fy be 97 98 73 . continued : 37 okubo look ! - SAM , a lone american flamethrower , have somehow madé it through the front line . he be about to spray a cave , when okubo shoot the marine and he fall . it be apparent he be still alive as he moan . baron nishi bring he in . baron nishi 's cave ~ later 98 okubo and shimizu drag Sam in . he 's about shimizu 's age , not more than 17 or 18 . okubo shall I finish he off ? baron nishi no , have medic Endo treat he . they look at he surprised . medic endo turn from bandage a minor wound on another soldier . okubo . but sir ... baron nishi you would expect the same if it be the other way around , would not you ? medic Endo approach they . medic endo we be short on morphine . shimizu Sir , the Americans would not treat a wounded japanese soldier . they would run he over with they tank tread . baron nishi what. do you know of Americans ? have you ever meet a american , young boy ? shimizu no , sir . 74 . 98 continued : 98 baron nishi I have . | ( to™medic Endo ) give it to he . the three begrudgingly comply and help Sam over to the back . the medic administer to he wound . 99 ext . gully - day 99 Lt. ito still lie patiently among the body wait for a tank to arrive . 100 int . baron nishi 's cave - night . 100 Baron nishi take a swig from a sake bottle . Sam lie on a bedroll , a bandage wrap around he chest . , baron nishi how be the prisoner do ? medic endo he be awake . baron nishi I will question the prisoner for information . okubo look at he suspiciously . Baron nishi approach Sam and converse with he in English . baron nishi ( in English ) where be you from , soldier ? SAM ( weakly ) able company -- baron nishi no , I mean what be you home town ? tense , Sam do not answer . baron nisht I live in California for a while . do you know of Mary pickford ? or Douglas fairbank ? be i bs 100 101 75 . continued : 100 - SAM you mean the-mgvie star ? why sure , everybody know thém . baron nishi I take my picture with they . it be in the papers . Sam loosen up a bit . SAM no kid . you somebody famous ? baron nishi I be in the Los Angeles Olympic . Sam 's eye widen . SAM be that the God 's honest truth ? Baron nishi beam . he pull out a picture . baron nishi that 's a picture of I and my horse jump . Sam weakly try to get up to see it . SAM no kid . ( a beat ) Oklahoma . that 's where I be from . Baron nishi hold out he hand . baron nisht takeichi . SAM Sam . they shake . ext . gully - night 101 Lt. ito be still among the body . finally he get up . lo. ito where be you american tank ? come and get I ! silence . 102 103 104 76 . ext . beach - morning 102 _ a american soldier turn on a military radio . american soldier {in English ) turn it up , Charlie . the volume be blast loudly . big band music . int . baron nishi 's cave - morning 103 saigo and the other pass around a cigarette , share puff in the momentary calm . shimizu hold a piece of a crack mirror , look at himself . he shave he face smooth with a dry razor . Baron nishi can hear the strain of the radio music . he go over to Sam , who look paler than the previous day . baron nishi ( in English ) what be this music ? Sam 's eye flutter , half conscious . SAM swing music . baron nishi swing music ? be it what they play in the club now ? listen to the music , Baron nishi seem to be in another place and time . he look to Sam , but there be no response . Baron nishi look to medic Endo . medic endo he 's lose a lot of blood . int . kuribayashi be cave - morning 104 kuribayashi also hear the faint music through the radio transmission . in the dark cave , kuribayashi doodle a picture of a dinner party . 105 771 . flashback - int . fort bless ( TEXAS ) - dance hall - 105 night - ( 1929 ) so ° a elaborate dinner party for the officer . music waft through the hall . american officer and they wife mingle , dress in formal attire . kuribayashi be seat at a dinner table , look awkward . kuribayasht ( v.o. ) taro , on Friday , there be a dinner party for the officer and they wife . Americans have a strange custom where man have to stop eat and stand every time a woman come in . it make no sense to I . SOUND crossover to : kuribayashi be about to take a bite of he meal , when one of the officer 's wive walk to the table and all the man stand . kuribayashi look at they mid-bite , then put he fork down and stand with they . they sit back down , but another woman enter and the man stand once again . kuribayashi reluctantly stand with they . after they be all seat , a conversation carry over to kuribayashi . officer 's wife ( in English ) let 's ask Captain kuri . all turn to kuribayashi . he be oblivious at first . officer's wife you do not mind I call you kuri , do you , Captain ? kuribayashi realize she be speak to he and look up questioningly . : officer's wife how would you feel if America and Japan be to enter war ? kuribayashi I believe they would make splendid ally . sorrboara 5 * seenre ie of a 78 . 105 continued : 105 american officer no , she mean against each other . = the company be poise on kuribayashi 's every word : kuribayashi the United States be the last country in the world Japan should fight , but if this be to happen , I would serve my duty to my country . officer 's wife do you mean if bertie here be on the opposite side , you would shoot he ? kuribayashi hesitates . kuribayashi I would have to follow my conviction . american officer do you mean you would have to follow you conviction ? or you country 's conviction . kuribayashi hesitates again . kuribayashi be they not the same ? american officer speak like a true soldier . officer 's wife oh that 's awful . bertie , that mean you be dead . there be nervous laughter . end of flashback . 106 '' int . kuribayashi 's cave - morning 106 kuribayashi , still sketching the dinner party , put he pen down . 107 108 79 . ext . gully - morning - '' . 107 Lt. ito have once more settle himself among the dead body . he stare up into the sky . the distant strain of the radio music can still be hear . int . baron nishi 's cave - morning 108 Baron nishi notice Sam 's pale complexion . Baron nishi come to he . baron nishi ( in English ) hey . he touch he gently and realize he be dead . Baron nishi look discourage . he cover the boy 's body with a blanket . as he do so , he notice a piece of paper in the soldier 's shirt pocket . he pull it out . okubo notice Baron nishi pull out the paper . okubo be there any enemy plan information ? baron nisht no , it 's just a letter . he read through it . okubo what do it say ? saigo , shimizu , and other soldier in the cave stop to listen to what the letter say . baron nishi it 's from he mother . ( translate ) ' I have mail you a couple of book to read . I hope you like they . yesterday , the dog dig a hole under the fence . they run all the way down the neighborhood and terrorize the harrison 's rooster before we find they . 's 108 109 80 . continued : 108 Baron nishi smile at this . 2 baron nishi ' do not worry about we . just take care of yourself and come back safely . remember what I say to you -- always do what 's right because it be right . I pray for a speedy end to the war and you safe return . 's the soldier be silent . suddenly , a barrage of shelling and gunfire erupt . the man , quickly go to they post . they FIRE at the advance Americans with machine gun and rifle . Baron nishi direct he man at the front . ext . outside cave - later 109 saigo and shimizu carry a mortar from the cave to reload they spigot , when a bomb blast hit they machine , put it out of commission . another large blast hit the cave . Baron nishi reel back , he face cover in blood . saigo medic Endo ! medic Endo attend to nishi . he open he kit . it 's empty , except for a roll of bandage . medic endo I be sorry , sir . there 's no more medicine . the medic cover Baron nishi 's eye with a strip of bandage . - baron nishi it 's all right . I be useless anyway . go help the other . medic Endo comply , attend to other injure soldier . 110 111 112 81 . ext . gully - evening - 110 Lt. ito stare into the sky . he have have two day to contemplate life beyond the war . a lone sea bird fly overhead , small and fragile , make its way through the remnant smoke of bombardment , up into the darken blue sky . a change come over ito and he start to cry . at last , he get up . he unstrap the bomb from he back , and leave it . he make he way to a naturally form cave and sit there on the ground crying . he want to live . int . kuribayashi 's cave - night 111 kuribayashi look at he strategic map of iwo jima . he cross out japanese position that have be quash by the Americans . lt , fujita Sir , supply plane have be spot . kuribayasht be they ours ? lo. fujita yes , sir . kuribayashi brighten . kuribayashi at last . ext . kuribayashi 's cave - night 112 kuribayashi watch off in the distance . the drone of japanese plane can be hear . he smile as he see the cargo plane approach , bear the unmistakable emblem of the red sun . his smile turn to dismay when one by one the plane be shot down . 3 113 114 115 116 117 82. ext . pacific ocean - night 113 * gunners on ship , quickly home in on the lumber japanese plane and let out a all - out assault , send the supply plane careen into the Pacific in horrific fireballs . only two supply plane make it through . ext . near front line - night 114 the two plane begin drop they precious cargo . a single string of a dozen parachute . under the light of thousand of flare , the parachute be as clear as day . ext . kuribayashi 's cave 115 kuribayashi hold up he binocular kuribayasht they be off mark ! off mark ! too close to the : line . kuribayashi anguish as he watch the life -save supplies drop into unreachable zone . ext . near front line 116 Soldiers spot the supplies parachute . at first , they cheer loudly . but as they land , the soldier soon realize they be irretrievable . a few brave soul make a mad dash out towards the supplies , but be easy target and be immediately gunned down . int . baron nishi 's cave ~ night 117 Baron nishi feel around for he bottle of sake . it 's empty . he open he canteen , shake it , turn it over . _ it 's also . empty . baron nishi okubo , come - here . 83 . 117 continued : 117 we : okubo obey . _ Baron nisht how be we on ammunition ? okubo not good , sir . we mortar have be take out and we be out of machine gun ammo . we just have we rifle . baron nishi okubo , listen . you be now in charge of the man . okubo Sir ? baron nishi we can no longer hold this area . you must guide the rest of the man up to kitano Point . they should hold out there as long as possible . take whatever food and ammo we have leave . okubo but , what about you , Colonel ? Baron nishi chuckle . baron nishi I be tired of share this cave with all of you . I be a one man show from here on . okubo but , sir .. baron nishe okubo , you be try my patience . you first order of business should be to find some water . okubo yes , sir . okubo bow in front of he , even though Baron nishi can not see he . — okubo Sir , it have be a great honor to serve under you . 118 84 , baron nishi 's cave —- later 118 _ saigo and the man be pack up and ready tod leave the cave . they line up in formation . okubo stand next to the bandage Baron nishi okubo bow ! the man all bow to Baron nishi , even though he can not see they . baron nishi do you best , man . fight bravely for we Emperor and homeland , but above all .else , do what 's right because it 's right . men yes , sir . okubo turn to Baron nishi . okubo I will ask General kuribayashi to send a doctor and supplies to come to you assistance . baron nishi thank you , okubo . okubo lead Baron nishi to a stool to sit down on , and leave a rifle in he hand . okubo and the man slowly exit the cave , look at nishi as they leave . intercut men / baron nishi the man make they way out of the cave . Baron nishi pull out a pistol and put it to he head . the sound of swing music waft in the air , whether in he head or not , it be unclear . as the man make they way around the mountain , they hear a single gunshot . okubo pause and the other man look at each other . okubo continue on without a word . 119 85 . ext . well - night - , 119 the soldier . hunker down along a sand bank , close toa constructed well . they hold out they rifle in ready position . saigo lie in the sand next to shimizu . okubo motion for two of the soldier to move out . they quickly move out towards the well , hold two metal canister each . saigo they have get to make it . night flare light up the sky . the soldier make it to the well without incident . they quietly fill they container with the precious water . saigo lick he lip . back at the sand bank , the soldier continue to look out for sign of the enemy , but all seem peaceful . successful , they begin haul the container , when a bright white light spot they and freeze on they . they try to duck down , but its difficult with the container . suddenly , the area explode with rapid FIRE . the two soldier be gun down . the man in the sand bank return fire , but they be outgun . the metal canister be riddle with bullet and the precious water seep into the ground , saigo damn ! the soldier watch as the water continue to seep . dismay in they eye . - okubo get down ! move back ! move back ! the man turn back . ko 120 i z 121 int . cave - night shimizu and saigo sit together . they both look frustrated . saigo damn it , I have have it ! I be go to surrender . | he look angrily at shimizu . saigo go ahead and arrest I . I do not care anymore . that 's what you be put here for , be not it ? to report treasonous thought ? shimizu no , you be wrong . a beat . shimizu I be put here because I be dismiss from the kempeitai . saigo look at he , surprised . saigo dismiss ? shimizu that 's right . for disobey a senior officer . flashback — ext . tokyo street - evening shimizu and Captain iwasaki walk along the street of Tokyo . shimizu ( v.o. ) I have only be in service for 5 day . Captain iwasaki walk with shimizu . captain iwasaki you must always be firm , shimizu . any hesitation and people will know that they can not respect you . 86 . 120 121 121 87 . continued : 121 shimizu yes , sir . - they walk through the quiet village , not a soul on the street , only the sound of the imperial flag flapping in the wind in front of house . all the house , except one . captain iwasaki that house do not have the flag display . go sort it out , shimizu . shimizu yes , sir . shimizu run up to the house and bang on the door . a mother open the door . her two child cling to she and peer out at he . a akita behind a fence bark at he . shimizu ( sternly ) you do not have the imperial flag properly display , mar ’am . mother oh , I be sorry . my husband have go to war , and I could not put it up myself . shimizu it be unpatriotic not to have the flag display . mother if you help I , I x11 put it up now . shimizu wait patiently as she bring out the flag . the dog run to the fence and bark ferociously at Captain iwasaki . the mother appear with the flag for shimizu . he attaches the flag to a pole extend near the roof of the house . . the akita continue barking at iwasaki . captain iwasaki get that dog to shut up . the dog continue to bark incessantly . '' 121 122 88 . continued : ( 2 ) 121 shimizu what 's that , sir ? _- captain iwasaki that dog be a nuisance . it 's i disruptive of army communication . | i mother I be very sorry , sir . pochi ! be quiet ! pochil she try to drag the dog away . it continue to bark and growl at Captain iwasaki . captain iwasaki shimizu , dispose of the dog immediately . we can not have a dog interfere with important military command . shimizu pause . shimizu yes , sir . ma ’am bring the dog , please . the mother look horrify . mother it 's only a dog . it will not happen again . the child look at shimizu , fearfully . the boy run to he dog and put he arm around it . shimizu take it out back . keep the child inside . Captain iwasaki look bored . the mother comply . ext . backyard - night . 122 the mother bring the akita out back on a leash . shimizu tie the leash to a fence . . shimizu aim he gun at the dog . cock the trigger . aim . the dog look at he , wag it 's tail . at the last moment , shimizu shoot in the air . se 122 123 89 . continued : 122 shimizu look at the mother . 4 shimizu take the dog into the house and keep he quiet . do not let he out again . mother yes , sir . thank you , sir . she pull the dog inside . ext . front of house - night 123 shimizu emerge from the back . shimizu it 's take care of , sir . captain iwasaki good . they start to leave , when a bark be hear from inside the house . shimizu 's face falter . Captain iwasaki look back at he . angrily , iwasaki march back to the door . he burst in without knock . momentarily , a shot be hear along with a sharp whimper . a commotion be hear inside , with the mother shout along with child crying . shimizu close he eye . Captain iwasakai emerge . from the house and storm out towards shimizu . captain iwasaki be you try to make . a fool out of I ? shimizu no , sir . Captain iwasaki strike shimizu with a force that send he to the ground . £ g 123 124 125 90 . continued : captain iwasaki if you can not even shoot a. dog , you will never be able to handle the reds . end of flashback . int . cave - night saigo look at shimizu . shimizu I be dismiss for insubordination and send here . saigo do not look so glum , shimizu . at least now only the enemy hate you . saigo and shimizu chuckle . then shimizu become quiet again . . shimizu it be just a innocent thing . int . kuribayashi 's cave - night kuribayashi pace restlessly . kuribayashi why be I not get any report ? have we hear from Admiral ichimaru or General . sato ? lt . fujita no , sir . kuribayashi what about the 26th tank regiment or the 145th ? Lt. fujita be silent . kuribayasht send out messenger . lt . fujita we have , sir . none of they have come back . 123 125 125 126 91 . continued : 125 kuribayashl ( angrily ) , we need to find any remain troops and have they put up a defense position near the commanding post . how can I command a garrison that I can not see or talk to ? lt . fujita yes , sir . ext . motoyama mountain - night 126 the troop trudge through the scar mountain , silent and sedate . they come into a secluded valley with shell out pillbox and cave litter with body of dead japanese soldier , some char beyond recognition . smoke still rise from the flamethrower 's trail . okubo check the cave for food . the soldier comply and a happy shout from one of they indicate success . the soldier bring out a canister and the man congregate around he , grab uncook rice from the canister with they hand and gulp they down hungrily . some of the rice fall to the floor and the man grovel for it . saigo and shimizu grovel with the other on the ground . saigo choke on the rice . shimizu be you all right ? shimizu and saigo fall back . saigo sit on the ground , coughing . saigo this be not the life a human be should suffer , shimizu . shimizu look at he , understand . ee 127 92 . int . natural cave — day 127 the man be hunkere in a cave , sleep out the daylight hour . | shimizu , lie next to saigo , whisper to he . | shimizu saigo ? saigo roll over . shimizu I have be think about what Lieutenant Colonel nishi say . that I have never even meet a american . it 's true . I do not know anything about the enemy . shimizu look towards the cave ceiling . shimizu I be teach that the american soldier be weak , but he be not . I be tell that they be savage , but that american who die -- he mother write the same thing that my mother would write . saigo I guess we be all just soldier do we job . shimizu I want to do my duty to my country and my God , but I do not want to die for nothing . saigo be silent . shimizu what do you think , saigo ? tell I what you think . saigo people tell we we serve God by die a valorous death on a battlefield . I do not know much , but if you ask I , I think God would be more pleased if we live to experience the world he create . you be still young , shimizu . 93 . 127 continued : 127 saigo ( cont would ) you have not see enough sunset to appreciate all the beautiful shade of orange that change with each minute -of ' each dusk : you have not be to enough village festival to taste they local flavor and to discern the subtle difference in they obon dance . you have not be with a woman long enough to recognize she curve and valley and to hear the sound of a baby 's heart beat -- you baby 's heart beat beneath the skin of she belly . shimizu , you have not even begin to experience life to know what you be sacrifice . tear stream down shimizu 's cheek . shimizu saigo , will you surrender with I ? 128 ext . natural cave - night 128 the man crawl on they hand and knee . they have find a new bounty in the soil outside of the naturally form cave . they dig through the earth and whenever a beetle or worm be find , they pick it up and eat it . saigo and shimizu whisper , separate from the rest of the man . saigo we will have to be careful . they 's 11 notice if we leave together . you go on first . 1'11 say that you have get dysentery . after a while , I ‘1l1 tell they I be go to check on you to make sure you be all right and then I will join you . by the time anyone notice , we will be long go . shimizu nod . saigo now give I you dysentery look . shimizu eee what ? . ! feel i 128 129 130 94 . continued : 128 saigo you have to look like you be sick . 7 shimizu scrunches he face into a half frown , he eyelid flutter . saigo I say sick , not stupid . shimizu try a different expression . saigo I guess that 's 1l have to do . int . natural cave - night 129 saigo monitor the rest of the troops as they mill about . he signal for shimizu to leave . shimizu steal he way from the cave . ext . natural cave - night 130 shimizu run out of the cave . private 2nd CLASS kanda , another soldier , relieve himself on the hillside and make he way back to the cave . he see shimizu leave . kanda where be you go ? shimizu pause . shimizu I have get dysentery . he put on he dysentery face . kanda stare at he in disbelief . kanda you be go to surrender , be not you ? shimizu do not say anything . kanda if you be , take I with you . shimizu look surprised . 130 131 95 . continued : 130 kanda I have have enougp of this war . shimizu keep you voice down . they start to leave . int . natural cave - night 131 saigo notice that shimizu have leave behind he lucky thousand -stitch belt along with he pack . saigo pick it up gravely . okubo spot shimizu and kanda . okubo hey ! where be that two go ? he get out of the cave and watch shimizu and kanda make they way away from the cave . saigo quickly follow after he . saigo '' I think shimizu say something '' about not feel well . he have dysentery , sir . okubo ignore saigo . okubo hey , you two stop ! the two start to run . okubo stop ! he pick up he rifle . saigo Sir , maybe they just get spook by something . ' a animal or a sound -- okubo I say stop ! he shoot and kanda be hit , fall on the spot . shimizu . continue run . i E 131 132 96 . continued : 131 okubo miura , you be on guard . make sure this . do not happen . again . miura , one of the soldier , nod he head . saigo look crestfallen . ext . marine position - night 132 marine be gather at they position , smoking cigarettes , await order . a noise in the distance cause they all to be on the alert , raise they rifle . shimizu appear before the marine , with he hand up , a tear piece of he white undershirt in he hand . the soldier approach he , shouting at he with they rifle point . the Americans surround he . shimizu fall to he knee . they search he for weapon . find none , they let he stand back up . shimizu make a motion for water . one of the marine hand he a canteen and shimizu drink thirstily . shimizu 's hand be bound and he be take to a area where another prisoner also stand with he hand bound . they look at each other in surprise . the Marines receive a order over they wire . marine officer ( in English ) we be move out ! marine # 2 what about the prisoner , sir ? Marine Officer point to marine # 3 and marine # 4 . marine officer you two stay behind and keep watch . the two curse at this . 133 134 97 . ext . marine position ~ - later 133 shimizu and the other prisoner be seat on the floor . shimizu which unit be you from ? prisoner 20th special Machine cannon unit . we run out of ammo and then they overtake we . I be the only survivor . I hear Americans have real hot food . shimizu it would be nice toe eat food again . he lick he lip . in the b.g. , the Marines assign to keep watch discuss they situation in hushed tone . marine # 3 {in English ) what. a bum rap . we be not go to be stick watch ’em all night , be we ? marine # 4 maybe we can take they back to the beach , marine # 3 be you kid ? we would be sit duck with that two . ext . marine position - later 134 shimizu and the prisoner be still talk . prisoner I live in yokohama . after this be over , you can come visit I . shimizu that would be nice . the two Marines approach the two prisoner . they hold up they rifle . 134 135 136 137 138 continued : unsuspect , shimizu and the prisoner look up . the prisoner be immediately shot . shimizu gasp in surprisé . shimizu be shot next . his body go still . ext . natural cave - night okubo ledd the troops out of the cave . ext . marine position - night okubo notice footprint . another spot a spent cigarette . okubo motion for the man to encircle the area . they cautiously approach the area with they rifle draw . once they see that no one be there , they relax they rifle and check out the area . soldier Lieutenant ! okubo come to where the soldier motion . shimizu and the other prisoner 's body lie dead in a make - ~ shift ditch . the other soldier approach . saigo see the body of he friend . he drop into the ditch and pick up shimizu 's pale and lifeless body . okubo let this be a lesson to anyone else who want to surrender . saigo be in tear .. ext . marine position ~ later : 137 the man leave the area , two fresh burial mound behind they . saigo look numb and listless as the soldier trudge on . ext . hot spring - night 138 the man gather around volcanic fumerole with container and jar . 138 139 140 99 . continued : 138 they try to capture the steam in the container , then lick they for any bit of , condensation . , saigo . you need to wait until there be enough condensation . the man ignore he , try to get the drop into they mouth . ext . unknown cave - dawn 139 okubo have he man enter the cave . okubo we will be at kitano Point tomorrow . we will sleep out the daylight hour here . int . unknown cave - day 140 the sleep man be awoken by the patter of raindrop . : cave soldier # 1 it 's raining ! he get up and rush towards the entrance of the cave . okubo get back here ! the soldier halt . he peer through the entrance . cave soldier # 1 look ! I can see it ! unable to contain himself , he rush out . the other follow to the entrance . a single shot be hear . upon hearing this , the other pull back . a low rumbling be hear . saigo what be that ? cave soldier # 2 Thunder ? the sound get louder and louder . 140 141 142 100 . continued : 140 okubo bulldozer . a cave soldier # 2 they be come this way . i okubo | get back ! get back ! the man run towards the rear of the cave . they keep they eye out towards the mouth of the cave . a grenade be throw in and the man hug the wall . the grenade explode , cause dirt from the roof to fall , but the man be safe . the bulldozer continue to come closer and closer , start a rumbling vibration throughout the whole cave . the bulldozer shovel dirt over the entrance of the cave . the natural light dissipate , until everything be pitch black . int . kuribayashi 's cave - day 141 in kuribayashi ' 's cave , the sound of the bulldozer can also be hear . int . unknown cave - day 142 the sound of the bulldozer pass . in the darkness , someone light a match . cave soldier 2 they have bury we alive . okubo then we will dig . we dig in this cave , so we can dig out of they . okubo feel the wall of the cave . okubo the soil be soft here . we can dig a exit hole . form a line . the soldier form a assembly line . they start to dig with they rifle and they hand . 143 144 145 10i . ext . unknown cave - day + / 143 at last , the soldier have dig through a hole , just wide enough to escape through . they scrape more of the dirt out and one of the soldier pop he head out . he look around cautiously . ext . NORTH hill - day 144 the man trudge forward , haggard and limping . they come upon a impasse . a line of Marines shoot towards the cave . okubo we need to get through the crossfire to reach kitano Point and - join we force on the other side . he draw a map in the sand . okubo there 's no way in without pass through open area and get shot at . so we will go to this nearby cave and make we way from there . we will have to pass through the rear line of the enemy . we can not avoid a confrontation . the man make they way . ext . NORTH hill - day _ 145 the man prepare themselves for the run to the cave . okubo . we will have to make every bullet count , so do not shoot recklessly . the soldier make a rush charge for the hill . gunfire erupt .. okubo lead the charge . he shoot down two Americans . Men go down on both side . saigo rush forward , nervous . running quickly in a zig zag motion , he be able to dodge bullet . 8 g 145 146 102 . continued : 145 okubo pull the trigger of he pistol , but it click empty . he throw the pistol down . a group of Americans aim they rifle towards he . okubo pull a grenade , yell and charge straight at they . ! ! the Americans send a barrage of bullet , riddling okubo 's | body before he fall towards they . okubo 's grenade explode . saigo and other troop member manage to cross through , run towards the safety of a cave . int . kuribayashi 's cave - day . 146 footstep running along the corridor alert kuribayashi and he staff . they all stand with worried expression . a guard appear . guard Sir , survivor of the 26th tank regiment be here . saigo and he man , dirty , haggard and suffer effect of malnutrition , make they way down the tunnel . kuribayashi look at they amaze . kuribayashi be there no officer ? where be Lt. Colonel nishi ? the man be silent . kuribayashi look genuinely sadden . kuribayasht I see , well , you all do a good job make it over here . he look at the sad state of the man . kuribayashi fujita , what 's the status of we water ration ? the man look up eagerly at this . Lt. fujita falter . kuribayashi fujita ? 103 . 146 continued : 146 lt .. fujita there be no water ration , sir . kuribayashi what about the group we send out yesterday for water ? lt . fujita none come back . the man go back to they deject state . kuribayashi look dishearten . kuribayashi well , come and rest . saigo thank you , sir . the man find a place to sit down . devoid of energy . kuribayashi look at saigo . kuribayasht you look familiar . be not you the one whose head I save ? saigo yes , sir . I be eternally grateful . kuribayashi it 's a miracle that you have make it this far . saigo that be the second time , sir . kuribayasht the second time ? saigo that be the second - time you save I . the first time be on the beach the day you arrive . kuribayashi laugh . kuribayashi be that so ? well , everything 2 come in three . so I may have to ! save you again . : 147 148 104 . int . kuribayashi be cave ~ night 147 . = - saigo and the man rest on the floor of the cave . some of the man look deathly ill . a medic check the pulse of some of they and cover the one that be dead . saigo write on a piece of paper . saigo ( v.0 . ) hanako , I know you will probably never see this letter , but it comfort I to talk to you . we have be without food or water for five day now . we be go through unspeakable measure to keep ourselves alive . one of the man get up , pee into a cup . then , grimace , he drink he own urine . saigo ( v.o. ) there seem to be no way out now . I have try my best . I worry about who will take care of you and the baby . Lt. fujita enter the cave . lf. fujita you there . dig up some worm . int . kuribayashi's quarter - night 148 kuribayashi write out he last wire . kuribayashi . ( v.0 . ) the battle be approach its end . since the enemy 's landing , even the god would weep at the bravery of the officer and man under my command . now there be no more ammunition , no more water . all the survivor will engage in a general attack . pray to God for the final victory and safety of we motherland , let I say '' sayonara '' everlastingly ... saigo enter the room . he bring in a pitiful plate of worm , cut into section . 148 105 . continued : 148 saigo there be n’t- mych we could dig up , sir . - > - kuribayasht thank you . saigo be about to leave . kuribayasht saigo . saigo yes , sir ? kuribayashi it be quite a journey you have make all the way from suribachi . saigo yes , sir . kuribayashi you must be quite a soldier . saigo oh ho , sir . I be just a simple baker . I do not know much . — kuribayashti you be a baker ? saigo well , I be one back in yokote . kuribayashi do you have family back home ? saigo just my wife and a little baby girl bear last summer . I have not see she yet . kuribayashi funny , saigo , I have just realize that the irony of be a soldier be that what compel we to do we duty be we family and it be likewise the think of we family that make it difficult to fulfill it . kuribayashi be quiet for a moment . he take out a chinese song book . : g E t & 5 148 149 106 . continued : ( 2 ) 148 kuribayashit saigo , do you like chinese poetry ? saigo I be afraid I do not know much about poetry , sir . kuribayashi would you like to stay and listen ? saigo yes , sir . I would like that . kuribayashi motion to the floor . kuribayashi sit down . saigo comply . kuribayashi begin sing translate chinese poetry . kuribayashi ' no end to this march , forever and ever ... in life we be separate from one another , parted by a. thousand and ten thousand li , each a different corner of the sky , the road so long , so perilous . who know when we shall see each other again ? 's saigo listen quietly . tear begin to run down he face . _ kuribayashi stop when he notice saigo cry . saigo sorry , sir . kuribayashi nod , close the book . int . kuribayashi 's cave - night 149 the remain rag tag group of soldier gather in formation in the cave . kuribayashi address they . his voice be weaker than in day past . 149 150 107 . continued : 149 kuribayashi we garrison . wjll make a general attack against '' the enemy . start time will be 0600 hour . until now , you man have overcome any and all difficulty , obey my order and fight gallantly against a . enemy with overwhelming supplies . the loss of this island mean that yankee military boot : will soon tread on we motherland . however , you can all be proud that you have act as honorable warrior of the Imperial Empire , fight to the last . no one be to return from this mission . kill as many enemy as possible and fight for you seventh life . the soldier look glum , know they be to die . saigo look especially dishearten . kuribayashit dismiss . the soldier fall out . Lt. fujita approach kuribayashi . lt . fujita Sir , we be get a radio transmission from Japan . int . radio room - night 150 the sound of a static - filled broadcast can be hear . announcer ( v.0 . ) this be a special song for General kuribayashi and he man fight bravely at iwo tou from the child of he hometown in nagano prefecture . the voice of schoolchild sing the '' song of iwo Defense '' play over the radio . schoolchildren ( v.0 . ) ' where dark tide billow in the ocean , a wink - shape isle of mighty fame , Guards the gateway to we empire : iwo jima be its name ... 's x 150 151 152 153 continued : 150 kuribayashi break down . ext . near kuribayashi 's cave ~ morning 151 saigo , with a force of about 300 rag tag man - many without gun , but hold sword or stick , be gather at the entrance to the cave . kuribayashi inspect they . kuribayashi shuppatsu ! the troops start to exit the cave and make they way down the slope , look haggard , but determine . kuribayashi stop saigo . kuribayashi saigo , you will remain here . I have another task for you . saigo look surprised . saigo yes , sir . kuribayashi you see , everything come in three , int . kuribayashi 's cave - morning 152 kuribayashi and Lt. fujita gather all of they documentation -- plan , code book , map , etc . kuribayashi saigo , start a fire and make sure all of this document be burn . saigo yes , sir . ext . AIR force and seabee encampment - morning 153 the troops rush forward , give they last energy into they run towards the enemy . the Marines and worker be surprised by the attack , some rest in they cot . 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 109 . continued : 153 the last of kuribayashi 's force wield they instrument hold nothing back . - . some be shot down , but not before wreak they own havoc . ext . kuribayashi 's cave - morning 154 kuribayashi , with Lt. fujita at he side , watch with binocular . inside the cave 155 saigo have a fire go , place all the documentation into the fire . as he pick up a stack of papers , numerous drawing fall to the floor . saigo look at they . they be kuribayashi 's sketches . outside the cave 156 the cry of dying fighter echo through the canyon . kuribayashi put down he binocular , sadness in he eye . AIR force and seabee encampment 157 the camp be litter with dead body . the Americans , now awake and alert , have take the upper hand and overwhelm the remnant of the japanese army with artillery . outside the cave 158 kuribayashi turn to fujita . he hand fujita a samurai sword . a secret pact between they . inside the cave 159 saigo continue burn document . he come upon a leather satchel , full of mail . it be fill with undeliver postcard and letter . he place he letter to he wife into the sack , along with kuribayashi 's sketches . 159 160 161 162 163. 164 110 . continued : 159 he be about to throw the whole thing into the fire , then stop . . . there be a depression in the floor where supplies have be keep . he take a shovel and start digging the hole wider . ext . clearing - day . 160 kuribayashi face north toward the Imperial Palace . he kneel on the ground and bow three time . Lt. fujita stand above he , still hold the samurai sword . int . kuribayashi 's cave - day . 161 saigo finish bury the mail sack into the ground . we see it be the same leather satchel as be uncover in the first scene . ext . clearing - day 162 kuribayashi pull out a hara- kiri knife . he strip he shirt off . kuribayashi forgive I Emperor for my failure . kuribayashi take a deep breath , then thrust the knife into he abdomen . in he weaken state , he be unable to pierce he stomach , make only a scratch . yelling , he continue to thrust the knife into himself . ext . entrance of cave - day 163 as. smoke fill the enclosure , saigo emerge from the entrance to the cave . he hear kuribayashi 's yell and head towards the direction of the clear . ext . clearing - day 164 kuribayashi finally make a deep enough incision , then pull from leave to right . blood spurt out . his face be contort in pain . 164 165 166 lll . continued : 164 fujita lift he sword up to do the final honors of chopping off he head . - y ext . lower hill - day 165 a marine sharpshooter , alert by the smoke come from the cave , do a survey across the hiil and spot the two man . he see fujita lift he sword to chop the head off of kuribayashi . shock , he pick he rifle up and aim through the scope for fujita . he shoot . ext . clearing - day 166 fujita fall over dead . saigo witness this , fall to he knee in shock . kuribayashi be die a painful death , blood pour out of he gut . saigo duck down onto the ground and approach kuribayashi . saigo General kuribayashi . kuribayashi ( struggle ) tell I , saigo , be this still japanese soil ? saigo look out upon the landscape , eerily desolate and silent , fill with smoke and body of the dead . saigo . yes , sir . we have not yet surrender . kuribayashi attempt a smile . kuribayashi I serve in many far place , but I always hope to die in my home country . he grip saigo 's arm . kuribayashi hold on to Japan for as long as possible . & & c E & 166 167 168 169 112 . continued : 166 kuribayashi release he grip and look off into the distance . he see a stretch of emptiness . . ~ the empty clear transition into a long stretch of road across the_ plain of TEXAS . flashback - ext . fort bliss , TEXAS ( night ) 167 kuribayashi 's car travel across the silent plain in the darkness . kuribayashi ( v.0 . ) taro , tonight I attend a grand farewell party in my honor with many american friend . when the night be over , they wish I well and though I be glad to be go home , I feel a bit sad to say Goodbye . . then I have to make the long drive back to my apartment ... if you be here , taro , I would put you in the passenger 's seat . and Yoko and you mother would be in the back . but it 's lonely drive all by myself . id_of S . back to clearing kuribayashi 's eye glaze and he be dead . saigo General ! ext . behind the mountain - day 168 saigo struggle , as he drag kuribayashi 's body over to a area he have pick out . with he shovel , he dig a hole . ext . kuribayashi ’'s cave - day 169 a group of sweep marine discover the cave , still smoking from the fire . the Marines surround the cave , they rifle ready . 169 170 . 171 172 173 174 113 . continued : 169 marine come out and -syrrender ! there be no response . the Marine nod to another , who throw in a grenade . ext . behind the mountain 170 saigo have dig a grave deep enough . he put down he shovel and drag kuribayashi 's body . ext . kuribayashi 's cave - day 171 the Marines have rig up a bomb . they run to a safe position . . the massive explosion cause the entire cave mouth to collapse . ext . behind the mountain 172 saigo hear the explosion . he quickly finish cover the grave . he bow . ext . clearing - day 173 Marines come upon the body of Lt. fujita . marine # 1 careful . his body could be booby - trap . they approach carefully . one of the Marines see the trail from saigo drag kuribayashi 's body . he motion to he buddy . the other follow he . clearing - later 174 saigo be take by surprise as he emerge from behind the mountain . he have no gun or weapon , except for the shovel . the Marines aim they rifle at he . E g 174 175 176 114 , continued : 174 saigo stand still for a moment , at a loss . he glance back towards where he General 's body lie . - finally , he lift he shovel and wave it at they , ready | to fight . the Marines look at each other , wonder whether to shoot or let the poor , haggard soul live . saigo come forward , wave he shovel this way and that . marine ( in English ) shall I shoot he , Lieutenant ? lieutenant no , do not shoot . saigo growl like a mad man . Lieutenant circle behind saigo . finally , Lieutenant knock he over the head with the butt of he gun . fade to black . fade in : ext . beach - dusk 175 saigo regains consciousness and squint he eye open . he lie on a stretcher , await transport to a naval ship . he be bedazzle by the strike color of a orange sunset . int . ito' cave - dusk 176 a pitch dark cave . light suddenly flood the hole . Lt. ito lie sleep in the cave , grimy and half naked . he wake up and be blind by the light . marine carry flashlight and rifle stare at hin . Lt. ito slowly put up he hand in surrender . 177 178 115 . int . iwo jima tunnel -- day - 2006 177 the two excavator unearth the leather satchel that saigo have bury over fifty year ago . they pull the bag out of the hole . the bag have deteriorate and letter flutter to the ground -- hundred of undeliver letter . the 0.s. voice of soldier overlap each other , read they letter . to they mother , they wife , they child , soldier # 1 ( v.0 . ) Father , I resolve to fight to the end for my Emperor and my . country . I shall honor we family name . soldier # 2 ( v.0 . ) mother , I hope this money will help , as it be all I have leave . I will not be need anything from now on . soldier # 3 ( v.0 . ) junko , remember you older brother , and take care of mother and Father . when the bomb come , remember to run where it will be safe from fire . soldier # 4 ( v.0 . ) I hope to die a honorable soldier . excavator # 2 pull from the bag , the sketch that kuribayashi have draw . close on the sketch as they be hand off to : int . shindo 's house , tea room - day 178 kuribayashi 's grandson , yoshitaka shindo , take the sketches from excavator # 2 , who be now dress in a suit . excavator # 2 this sketches by you grandfather be find bury in one of the cave . 178 116 . continued : 178 shindo look at the sketches . doodle of kuribayashi 's wife and child , smile , play . a picture of a automobile , a dinneg party . happier day . tear start to well in shindo 's eye , postscript the battle for iwo jima last thirty - six day . the Americans have expect to take the island in five day . of the roughly 21,000 japanese troops that defend iwo jima , only a little over 1,000 survive . so far , only 8,000 of the body have be recover and excavation continue today to find the remain 12,000 body . personal item take as souvenir be also still be seek for they return to survive relative . fade out . b fre