leviathan screenplay by David webb people and jeb Stuart revise draft September 8 , 1987 face in on the surface of the ocean sunny and placid then slowly we begin descending underwater move down from the bright surface water , through layer of fish and marine life ... a school of vibrantly color fish move with the current , they number be enormous , they movement in unison . suddenly out of the darkness a barracuda cut through the school , take out four or five before disappear into the shadow . the school move on as if nothing happen , quickly close rank where the miss one swim only second before . we move deeper and deeper Fish disappear , darkness envelope we . cold and lifeless where light have never penetrate ... five thousand foot , ten thousand . deeper , where only strange , self - illuminate echoniderm move eerily through the current . then suddenly we hear static from radio transmission . then voice ... jone burrito ... enchiladas ... dejesus ( hispanic voice ) oh , gag , man , how can you eat that stuff ?... bowman ( female ) I can not wait for fresh vegetable ... several voice suddenly break into argument ... " vegetable ? " " shit , " " burger " ... suddenly another voice rise above the other . beck's voice / radio okay , cut the chatter . you be not out of here , yet . who 's the hook ? Seven ?... you get a hook on container 22 ? a pause , then more voice . sixpack' voice / radio ( redneck drawl ) the man 's ask if you be hook on 22 , you dumb shit . jone ' voice / radio watch you mouth , sixpack . hello , shack , Seven , here . I be not the hook , over . a light flare out of the darkness , suddenly illuminate a immense shape -- fifteen hundred pound of harden metal nearly seven foot tall . it be a motorize diving suit and we see the stencile name , willie across the front breastplate . as it pivot we see the stationary worklight around the base of a large underwater mining operation , the shack . then a woman 's voice . willie' voice ( woman 's voice ) six to shack . I be the hook . inside the shack / control room litter with papers , half - full coffee cup , and a confusion of wire and very low - tech , high - tech equipment beck sit at the monitor control . he be young than we expect , twenty , clean cut good look . he will be a hell of a good - look man at thirty - five , he just need to be harden . from the look of the coffee cup around he he 's on he way . beck's voice / radio okay , six , let 's wrap this container and call it a day . above he a bank of monitor screen . each one label with a crew member 's name and provide a video picture from a camera mount on they helmet . beck reach above he and throw a console switch which activate another monitor label ROV . with a joystick he manipulate a outside camera ( the ROV ) , its picture we see on the monitor . it be move . underwater willie' Pov the inside of she helmet be a grid of LED gauge monitoring air reserve , body temperature , atmosphere , heart rate , blood pressure . she stop next to a pair of railroad - like track and remove the tool attach to the end of she arm . the move be practice and professional , like a cook change the tool on a set of egg beater . first , she insert the exist tool into a lock on she opposite arm which hold it while she disengage the tool . next , she select the next tool from the storage compartment at she waist and punch it into position . sixpack 's voice come over the radio . sixpack' voice hey , Willie , you trip on a tit or something ? we be all wait on you , honey . willie ( under control ) keep you pants on sixpack . I promise you will be inside before " Mr. Rogers ' Neighborhood " come on . over the radio we hear other man 's voice laugh . they like Willie and cheer she on . " tell he , Willie , " " Atta girl , " etc ... Willie click in she last tool and turn . expertly she hook a large dumpster - like container , the container to what look like a underwater parachute --a container transporter --which when fill with oxygen it lift the massive container onto the track where it can be haul - in by a winch . willie' voice six to shack ... hook 's on . ready to winch . underwater machinery halogen light illuminate bit and piece of dredge and dumpster squatting in the gloom . a winch begin grind and the big , newly hook container lurch down the track . it come to the end where a winch fit it into place with several other to complete a set . we hear beck's voice . beck / radio ok , that 's it . come on in . more motor suite diver appear , they helmet light glaring . they breastplate name catch in the dim light : cob , bowman , willie . as they approach the underwater lock , where a elevator will transport they up into the shack , we see sign of human life : a basketball goal attach to the side of the building ; sticker and sign : " no bozo , " etc . a formal sign tower over the entrance . it say : transocean corp . shack 6. on one of the crew he move behind the other . suddenly he freeze in he track and slowly rotate he helmet -- on he shoulder in the glare of he helmet beam we see the a hideous look sea spider . it 's thick leg move eerily down he arm . carefully , so as not to disturb the creature , a mechanical motor hand move into position below it , and in one quick movement , snare it . close on metal waist pocket . the latch open and the writhe sea spider be shove inside . from the pocket we move up the diver 's suit until we see the name sixpack on the breastplate . he look around to see if anyone have notice then continue on toward the shack . on two diver ( jone and dejesus ) they walk together to the shack . a latino voice , dejesus , come over the radio sing a old Miller beer jingle in a exaggerated accent . dejesus when it 's time to relax .... one thing stand clear ... inside on beck as he listen to the sing over the tinny speaker , we see he aches to be a part of they comaraderie , but be alienate by age and rank . he be the shack boss , management . he listen as a booming black voice join in off -key . jone ' voice ( o.c. ) mil -ler 's taste too good to hurry through ... as the sing continue , beck look over at a empty chair in front of a bank of equipment monitor . the vital sign of each miner and he equipment be register on this console . the chair in front of they sit conspicuously empty . this do not please beck , neither do a hand write sign under the console which state : the doctor be out . dejesus ' Pov Inside he helmet we see the grid of LED gauge monitoring vital sign . dejesus ... beer after beer ... suddenly a red warning light begin blink in the bottom corner inside dejesus ' helmet . the word to the song freeze in he mouth . his voice become edge with panic . dejesus ( cont would ) oh , shit ... jone / radio ( to dejesus ) hey , hazy , I be not that bad , man . dejesus ( rise terror ) jonesy ! I be lose compression ... I be go to blow my suit , man ! beck ! doc! help I !... inside beck grab he microphone . he try to remain calm but there be a definite tremble in he voice . beck give I a readout , dejesus . dejesus ( on radio ) ( grip with panic ) ahhhh ! outside the other diver move quickly to dejesus . beck ( on radio ) dejesus ! a readout ! jone he do not need a readout , man , he need help ! beck ( radio ) ( anything but calm ) stay calm ! bowman calm !? where 's Doc ? inside beck stand in front of the equipment monitor , lose . beck ( try to keep control ) the internal monitor read normal . on the miner , panicked cobb where 's Doc ?! beck ( radio ) he 's not at he station . dejesus ( panicked ) oh , mother of Jesus , forgive I of my -- beck's voice ( make a decision ) get he into the shack . dejesus ' gauge begin a countdown to implosion . " 15 , 14 , 13 ... " dejesus be grab by he co-worker and hurried the last few yard to the shack . inside / shack - same on beck sweat bullet , turn a dial on the instrument and suddenly , dejesus ' gauge jump to life . we see the same countdown in progress on the shack 's gauge !.. 10 , 9 , 8 ... outside on dejesus he be force into the lock , the underwater elevator room be eerily light . his readout continue inside he helmet ...5 , 4 , 3... De Jesus scream . on beck dejesus ' scream come over he radio in the control room . beck hit the elevator switch -- nothing happen . he hit it again harder and suddenly dejesus voice be drown out by the scream vacuum pump of the elevator . it 's move ! beck look up at the monitor of the interior lift lock . inside / lift lock we see dejesus' suit drip wet . it stand inside the lift lock , ankle deep in greasy bilge water . close on he eye , for a moment they remain close , then suddenly they flutter . he 's alive ! the mess - later the blackboard prominently display on the wall of the mess feature neatly stencile letter that say : " day till pickup " . the number scrawle on the chalk - smudge board obviously change daily . right now , it 's a " 3 " ... a clunk , clunk and a Coke can roll out of a compact coke machine . a big , sandy - haire man , sixpack , take the soft drink , pop the top and downs it in one long pull while he look over a argue group of deep sea miner : jone , Black , athletic , 30' ; cobb , 50' , a career miner with a mouthful of gum ; bowman , 35 , attractive , harden woman , she have see more of the world than any of they ; willie , twenty , fresh good look , master electrician , optimist . dejesus , latino , wiry muscle , he keep he head down , still shake from he experience . the strain of a month of work two mile beneath the ocean 's surface have draw nerve tight . bowman I be tell you , it 's the suit ! jone fuck the suit , it 's the people monitoring they . it Doc have be there like he 's suppose to it never would have happen ! sixpack and just what the fuck would he have do to stop it , huh ? sixpack look over the group , then suddenly crush the empty Coke can in he hand , punctuate the action with a huge belch . sixpack ( cont would ) that would have be you , dejesus ... dejesus keep he head down . sixpack ( cont would ) yeah ... I be stand next to a guy who blow a suit once in the indian Ocean ... little tiny hole in the fuck toe of he suit ... ocean come in and the pressure cramme he whole fuck body up into he helmet . they just bury he helmet . dejesus ( coldly ) I know all about implosion , man . sixpack yeah , I bet you do . ( laugh ) I bet you be implode in you pants . ( laugh then imitate a hysterical dejesus ) jonesy ! Doc !... help I ! help I ! dejesus spring for sixpack 's throat as we CUT to beck - same beck 's eye be blaze with cold authority as he speak . beck knock it off , sixpack ! I know it 's be a long month for every - one , but we can not let something like this tear we apart ... beck glare , ready for a argument , but as we pull back we see he 's talk to the mirror , in he tiny quarter . apparently he fail to convince himself because he hard look fade and he mutter unhappily as he turn away . beck shit ... he turn around to face a smile picture of himself at college graduation with he Eastern establishment look father . Leadership " how - to " book like the one Minute manager , etc. line he bookshelf with technical manual on underwater mining . he open he door to leave when suddenly a loud metallic groaning noise stop he cold . the entire shack seem shifting , like a giant waking from a nap . mess the noise stop the fight between dejesus and sixpack cold . all eye go to the ceiling and wall . jone fuck the suit man ... this place be go to kill we first . just as suddenly as it begin the groaning noise stop and in its place we hear a intermittent rattle in the air system . only cobb seem undisturbed by this sound . dejesus ( listen ) there it be again ... ( sit down again ) two more day . I tell myself ' you can make it two more day -- ' bowman what 's the weather like up top ? willie clear for pickup . jone let 's hope it hold . cobb look up disgustingly . cobb then what ? huh ? ( to everyone ) then what ? you folk think go up top 's the answer to all you problem . well , it be not . bowman give we a break , cobb ... cobb a break ? you folk do not need a break , you need psychiatrist . ' know what you would be do if you be up there , right now ? sixpack ( a boorish leer ) eat pussy and drink brew ... cobb eat pussy my ass . what about line at the bank : what about get stick in traffic ? sixpack ( grin ) wherever I can find it . everyone laugh but cobb , we see he 's serious . cobb bullshit ! I will tell you what you would be do ! you would be watch news on tv that 's so fuck bad it make you nauseous . so you go out and get in you car to get some fresh air and after you have be drive for five minute you realize the air 's so damn dirty you do not dare breath it ! that 's what you have get to look forward to ... lower ring corridor beck approach the mess and as he near it we hear cobb ranting inside . cobb' voice ( o.s. ) ... and if you be lucky enough to make it back home to you house that look the fuck same as everyone else 's , you will find you wife 's just as fat as she be when you leave and the only reason you kid be not strung out on the drug they be use when you leave be that they have find some new drug which fuck them up even more !... you people just do not appreciate how good you have get down here ... beck hesitates at the door to the mess , as though screwing up he courage , then take a deep breath and enter as we CUT to inside the mess everyone look up as beck enter and the room go quiet . beck notice Doc 's empty chair . beck Doc eat already ? jone the good doctor have not show yet . look be exchange . sixpack smirk knowingly . beck ( to dejesus ) how do you feel , dejesus ? dejesus ( obviously embarrassed to be single out ) okay . beck better let the Doc take a look at you , after dinner . sixpack yeah , since he be busy earlier when you need he . he crack up and beck turn on he . beck cut it , sixpack . sixpack shut up , but beck notice the other feel the seriousness of Doc 's absence during the emergency . beck ( cont would ) leave the Doc to I . I be go to talk to he . sixpack ( sarcastically , under he breath to bowman ) ' make I feel better already ... beck get he tray but it be clear he be think about something else . he clear he throat . beck I have be look at the duty roster ... at the shack hour outstanding ... jone uh , oh ... I see where this be go ... beck ( ignore Jones ) ... all of you owe time and I think tonight would be a good time to --- cobb ( erupting ) no way , mister beck ! no fuck way ! we just do a full shift , you can not call shack duty on top of a full shift . it 's a contract violation ! jone whooo ! right on , cobb ! let 's hear it for we shop steward ! sixpack hear that Becky , er , Mr. beck ? company get to abide by the rule . five face stare at beck . they 're looking for weakness . this be a challenge to he authority . beck I know all about the contract . the point be you can follow the goddamn contract to the letter and pull you shack duty tomorrow ... or you can get it do tonight and call tomorrow a down day . it 's up to you . this leave the group momentarily speechless . even dejesus come out of he stupor . dejesus you give we a day off ? beck nod . cobb eye he suspiciously . cobb what about we quota ? beck you be only twenty - five ton off quota . barring a unforeseen problem you should reach it easily on the last day . ( he look at the group ) it 's just a day off . you do not have to take it , I just think it might help . the other look around for agreement but Jones do not need anyone else 's approval , he 's already make up he mind . jone Count I in . bowman nod she head also and the other unanimously agree . buoyed , beck move ahead , businesslike ... beck cobb , Jones , I want you to do something about that damn rattle in the air system ... ( to bowman and sixpack ) bowman and sixpack ... live quarter ... sixpack ( disgustedly ) shit ... beck Williams ... get dejesus ' suit on the " sick rack " and do a diagnostics . ( to group ) any other suit problem she should know about ? sixpack suddenly look up as the group disperse . sixpack ( to Willie ) my pocket . check my pocket , will ya , honey ? willie ( annoyed ) you pocket ? sixpack the latch be screw up . or the hinge . willie ( disgust ) right . lower ring corridor - same on beck he start out of the mess and by chance find himself walk with Willie . beck be obviously uncomfortable with the crew , even after 28 day together . she smile , friendly , at ease . willie you do good ... beck ( a little surprised ) what ? willie today ... with dejesus . that be smart think to get he inside ... beck there probably be not anything wrong with he suit ... willie still ... you do the right thing . she turn off toward the swamp , leave beck with the tiny , but honest compliment . he savor it . the swamp - later the " swamp " ( where dejesus come up ) , be ankle deep in greasy bilgewater . the door slide open , Willie enter , and switch on a bank of fluorescent light . the room be spooky even with the light . the giant machine suit , we see earlier outside , hang from rack like sleep monster . Willie strap on a utility belt and check she tool -- a motorize screwdriver , a power wrench , a long - neck , laser - tip solder iron ( look like a long - neck screwdriver ) -- then splashes through the bilge water to the control switch and hit the start button . nnnnnnnnnn . a motor move one of the suit along the track toward Willie . as it turn the corner toward we we see it say : dejesus . doc' office - same beck open the door to Doc 's quarter and we see Doc put on a fresh shirt . a man in he 50' , he must have once be quite handsome and intelligent , but have now go to seed . doc I must have doze off . beck look on the cabinet and see a bottle of Old granddad whiskey . he pick it up . doc ( cont would ) snakebite medicine ... never pack my bag without it . beck do not smile . he put the bottle back down and Doc watch he in the mirror . beck be you plan on work tomorrow ? doc well , I will be on the golf course in the morning . then , if I do not have any baby to deliver -- beck ( cut he off ) we almost have a accident today . dejesus ' suit ... the Doc stop buttone he shirt and lock eye with beck . doc you get something to say to I , son ?... beck definitely have something to say , but confront , he falter . beck I ... I think it 's important to have the second officer on deck . Doc smile , and go back to buttone he shirt . doc I will keep it to nine hole in the morning . the dormitory - same small but functional . the bunk can be close - off with a privacy door . photograph and bumper sticker on the wall of the bunk provide the only personal touch in a otherwise sterile environment . Willie 's bunk be wallpaper in detailed interplanetary map ; sixpack 's privacy door have a bumper sticker which proclaim : " I may be fat , but you're ugly and I can diet . " dejesus ' have poster of the alp , and the Rockies ; bowman 's have clipped page from " gourmet " of meal she dream for ; cobb 's have nothing , as if perfectly content to be where he be instead of somewhere else . Inside Jones ' bunk be a indoor basketball goal . bowman and sixpack scrub down the wall of the dorm with a sponge and pail . sixpack pause and smirk , he eye on bowman 's chest . sixpack Christ ... what a pair ... bowman ( sharply ) what be that ? what would you say ? sixpack I say , " what a pair " the boy wonder shack boss and he drunken doctor buddy make ... ( innocently ) why ? what do ya think I say ? corridor " a " - same Jones and cobb be kneel in a corridor , unfasten a big plate on the floor with a power wrench . overhead a huge plexiglass conduit flow with water from the desalinization system . the interior wall of the corridor be meshed wire expose the throbbing machine floor of the shack . cobb remove the last bolt and Jones lift off the floorplate expose the gut of the shack -- the bilge -- dark and wet . without the plate the rattle in the air system be much louder and sinister . jone listen to it for christsake . cobb ah , it 's just old , like I . you do not see the Doc open I up every time I get a new creak in my joint ... I say , as long as it 's recycle the air let the next shift deal with it . but , ' long as we be here ... he pull a retractable ladder from inside the hole and drop it down into the wet darkness , without hesitate he climb down , stop at the bottom to look up at Jones . Jones seem in no hurry to accompany he . cobb ( cont would ) you gonna sit there on you butt or give I a hand ? Jones reluctantly start down after he . beck's quarter - same beck in he quarter . he seem to be talk to himself but as we move around he we see he be talk to a video monitor . on screen we see martin , 30' , a slick bureaucratic executive with transocean Corp . whose face be all we see on the video monitor . beck two hundred and fifty - two ton of magnesium and 15 ton of sodium . martin ( take note ) sound like a good week , beck . in fact ... I put you folder in front of the vice President of District Operations last night ... beck stop . Martin notice he concern . martin ( cont would ) you be good executive timber , beck . a lot of management trainee wash out when they have to go under for they first tour . but you have do well . beck ( smile , relieved ) thank you , Martin . martin do not thank I , yet , but it be important to know where you be go and who you friend be ... ' know what I mean ? he stare hard at beck , but do not wait for a answer . martin ( cont would ) the one thing I have learn in this company be you can not have enough friend . it 's the only way to survive . close on a boom BOX / lower ring corridor - same the boom box sit on a wall pipe be blaring John Denver 's Rocky Mountain High . dejesus be sing along loudly in he thick accent as he work on the intercom system . he finish , close a metal box which say : onboard communications . swamp - same on willie she have connect dejesus ' suit to the diagnostic computer and be go through the computerize checkpoint -- a electronic list of literally hundred of possible problem . willie ( to herself ) probably a short . suddenly , the computer pause on one : it say : Electrical short . willie ( cont would ) good guess , Williams . she type in a " help " command and the computer screen display a electrical circuit pattern that would leave most Electrical Engineers baffle . Willie hardly bat a eye . willie ( cont would ) piece of cake . she immediately open the circuit panel on dejesus ' suit and pull the laser solder iron out of she tool belt . with two quick spot weld she repair the short , then replace the panel . finish , Willie press the control switch and the suit begin to move along the track . a new suit round the corner toward we . it say sixpack . the bilge - same the wall be dark and moist . Water drip from the pipe . the rattle in the air system continue loudly as Jones lean over and hand cobb another tool . crouched in the hum machinery , cobb spit he wad of chew gum into a greasy hand , knead it a couple of time , then grin at Jones . cobb okay , watch this .. the swamp - same the monotonous clatter of the air system be the only sound in the gloomy swamp as the huge suit label sixpack stop directly in front of Willie . she reach up to open the pocket latch when she stop ... listen . the noise in the AIR system have stop . the bilge - same Jones look incredulously at cobb . he can not believe that 's all it take . cobb start gather up the tool . jone so that 's all you do ?... cobb shhhh ... do not tell no one . ( wink ) job security . the swamp - same in the gloomy silence , Willie reach for the hinge pocket in the waist of sixpack 's suit . some water drip out . she push the spring a second time . the pocket open . nothing . willie ( miff ) nothing wrong with this ... suddenly the hideous sea spider spring out onto the workbench where it wriggle grotesquely toward Willie . she back away and it drop into the water at she foot . the dormitory bowman look at dejesus who come to the door , then to sixpack who convulse with laughter against the bulkhead . willie' voice ( o.c. ) ( over intercom ) fuck you , sixpack ! you think you be funny ? you be not funny ! on beck he hesitates then press the talk button on the intercom . beck this be beck . be there a problem , Williams ? swamp Willie watch the Sea spider move in the water toward she as beck 's word come over the p.a. ignoring beck she watch the spider right as it move to she foot then bring the solder iron down into the water with a loud hiss skewer it . she press the intercom button and lift the skewer sea spider out of the water . willie ( to beck ) a little problem , sir ... but I have get a handle on it now . time CUT to : the mess - later bowman sit at a portable computer terminal and watch stock price scroll across the screen . every so often she freeze a stock and type the command : info . the screen immediately change to a financial report of the company in question as if prepare by a broker . in a matter of second bowman can learn all the major aspect of the company . across the room from she , Willie exercise with dumbbell while she study a astronaut training manual . she look up at bowman . willie make you million , yet ? bowman ( study the screen ) not yet . willie how 's transocean do ? this cause bowman to turn and look at Willie . bowman you get money in this tub ? willie I sign - up for the stock option . bowman shake she head and go back to the computer and type in transocean Corp . dormitory on cobb he lie on he bunk under a sunlamp , but wear a T-shirt and long pants . dejesus do a jigsaw puzzle of a snow cover swiss mountain scene . dejesus hey , man , you know that in Switzerland -- and this country 's the size of East L.A. , okay ? -- they speak 54 different dialect ? fifty-four ! cobb who care ? dejesus I do , man . that 's a beautiful place . when I get out of here I be go there . find a nice little snow cover chalet , warm little woman , crackle fire -- he look up and see cobb 's sunbathing attire and laugh . dejesus hey , cobb ... man , why do not you take off you shirt and pants , man ? you should do that wear what you be go to wear at the beach . cobb ( sharply ) this be what I wear at the beach , goddamnit . mess - same computer screen the report appear on screen with a capsulize history of the transocean company , its philosophy and growth plan and most current financial report . a final column call " insider tip " say : bowman ( read ) " Major development in South indian Ocean set for fall of 2010 ... " ( to Willie ) that sound interesting , but they be too tie to they holding . remember a year ago when they lose that tanker ?... the bottom fall out of they stock and I lose a bloody fortune . that 's when I decide to diversify . Willie look at bowman a moment , then keep exercise . willie you take you money , too seriously , bo . bowman ( sharply ) you be damn right I do . five year down here and I will pull in more than 15 topside . I be not down here for the fun , I will tell you that . sixpack' voice ( o.s. ) " fun ? " somebody talk fun ? they look up to see sixpack at the door to the mess wear only a robe . with a leer he stare at Willie exercise . sixpack ( cont would ) ( saccharine sweet ) hey , Willie , honey ... sorry about that little incident tonight ... everyone 's be so tight lately , I think a little humor would loosen we all up , you know ? Willie do not bite , she look hard at sixpack . willie get out of here , sixpack . sixpack smirk . he wave a copy of penthouse open to the Pet of the month and sing cheerfully . sixpack ( leave ) I get a date with a angel ... clank , bank , clunk . a coke can tumble noisily from the Coke machine . Jones retrieve two can of Coke and come out of the galley with a snack . he stop in front of bowman and the computer . jone hey , bo ... whe n be you go to be off that thing ? I want to find out tonight 's NBA score and check the weather . bowman ( not take she eye off the screen , answer he ) the weather 's good , I already check , but I will be off in a minute . willie ( to Jones ) hey , jonesy , who 's the best power forward in the NBA ... jameson ? jone jameson ? who be you try to con ? they grin at each other - - a stand joke and Jones leave . dormitory Jones enter the dorm with he snack and toss a can of Coke across the room to dejesus . jone hey , hazy ! we get a day off tomorrow , kemosabi ! let 's get shit -face ! dejesus catch the can and pop the top send a shower of carbonation all over cobb under the sunlamp . jone ( cont would ) how about you , brother cobb ? Little Wild Turkey ? cobb wipe the Coke from he sunglass and shake he head . dejesus no , man , cobb be a chiva drinker , from way back . ai not that right cobbie ? Jones and dejesus laugh and take long pull on they coke . cobb turn and watch they . this be obviously a nightly ritual . cobb you guy be crazy . what the hell you play that stupid game for ? dejesus ( act drunk ) what game , cobb ?... I be on my way to nirvana ... cobb you be on you way somewhere all right ... the looney bin . dejesus ( laugh ) I be on the way to the looney bin ? hey , man , I be not the dude sun bathing in he clothes . int . sixpack' bunk - same close on the Pet of the month as she smirk coyly from the centerfold , she body twisted into a awkward position represent mad desire . sixpack close he privacy door then smirk back at the photo . sixpack oh , darlin ' ... come sit on my face ... he stir in the bed and adjust he pillow and scream ! the sea spider be suddenly right there on he shoulder , dead . sixpack sit bolt upright in he bunk and slam he head against the roof of the bunk , then stumble out scream . he hit the floor and ram he foot into a table and scream in more pain . the whole dorm look up amaze , cobb take off he sunglass , even Jones and dejesus temporarily " sober up " to stare . sixpack that bitch ! mess sixpack storm into the mess with the dead Sea spider . he point angrily at he bleed foot . Jones and dejesus move up to watch . sixpack ( move into room ) bitch ! look what you do ! willie ( imitate sixpack ) sorry , darling ... just think a little humor would loosen we all up ... you know ?... everyone laugh , but sixpack . he have revenge in he eye . he hold out the ugly , limp creature and advance toward Willie . sixpack you think you be so funny ? wait till you taste this ! as he push the dead creature into she face beck's voice behind he make he freeze . beck's voice ( o.s. ) that 's enough ! everybody turn to see beck stand in the doorway . sixpack look at my foot , sir ! this bitch put a goddamn sea monster in my bunk ! beck ( cold as ice ) how do you know it be Williams ? sixpack ( trap ) huh ? i...uh ...uh ... beck all right , sixpack , you and Williams be gonna pull water duty tomorrow -- sixpack and willie ( protest ) bullshit ! what ?! she ... he ... beck ( cut they off ) at ease ! you both have a half day ... anymore shit and its a full one . close on blackboard / mess - morning screech ! chalk on the blackboard as bowman write " 2 " in place of yesterday 's " 3 " over the neatly lettere word " day till pickup . " Jones , sit next to cobb , look up from he tray of cereal and hold he head in mock misery . jone oooooh . damn ! not so loud . turn down the music . cobb what music ? there be not no music . dejesus enter hold he head and sit on the other side of cobb . dejesus oooooh . cobb look from one man to the other , realize what they be do . cobb you know it 's really crazy to pretend to be drunk , but it 's fuck insane to pretend to have a hangover . bowman ( to Jones and dejesus ) you " hangover " make you miss the sixpack good Morning show. ( imitate sixpack ) " no goddamn boy be go to make I go out on a down day . " jone ( grin ) yeah ? how would the kid hold up ? cobb ( pleased ) pretty good . he send they out videotape outcrop . underwater - same close on a whirling cylinder tool we see be attach to the end of Willie 's mechanical suit arm . like a drill its diamond bit cut into the rock outcrop to take a core sample . it 's a sinister hand - attachment , something Captain hook would have love . above she the ROV maneuver into position for a better view . inside the shack control - same beck be in the control station , stare at the video monitor -- the image from the ROV . Willie remove a slender instrument , like a bicycle pump and with a quick pump motion , chunk , chunk ... activate a explosive charge . she put it into the hole she make with the drill and back off . beck charge set ? willie' voice ( radio ) charge set . back off . ( to the ROV ) c'mon Rover let 's get out of here . like a good dog , the ROV follow she to a safe position . on monitor the camera hold on the spot . suddenly the ground shake violently on the monitor screen --a mini EARTHQUAKE charge . willie return to the site of the charge and reinsert her drill , easily removing a test sample . Willie hold out the sample to the ROV so beck can see inside . int . control room / close on beck's ROV monitor he stare at the image on the screen . beck I need more light on that , four . outside willie ( to beck ) Roger ... ( to sixpack ) more light , sixpack ... there be no answer . Willie turn around . her helmet lamp eerily illuminate the darkness around she . sixpack be nowhere to be see . willie ( cont would ) sixpack ? she turn in the other direction and suddenly blind light be turn on . sixpack boo ! sixpack laugh . his light now on , he stand right behind she . willie you shit .... beck's voice what 's go on , four ? what 's happen ? willie we be fine , shack . his light malfunction for a minute . how 's this ? she again hold out she hand to the ROV . inside shack beck look at the monitor and press a red button to start the tape , then after five second release the button . beck that 's great . now let 's move 35 degree southwest . willie and sixpack moving willie ( to sixpack ) you screw around like that again and -- sixpack what 's wrong , do you miss I ? willie hardly . sixpack do not worry , darlin , I be ... suddenly sixpack 's foot hit some loose rock and slide . Willie turn in he direction and see he headlight turn , become smaller , then disappear as he radio go dead . inside on beck beck what 's wrong ?! what happen ? underwater on willie she have stop in she track . all around she be blackness . her helmet light hardly penetrate the darkness . willie sixpack ?! sixpack ... then she look down -- a cliff right in front of she foot . the drop be thirty foot into a wave sea of tuber . beck's voice bring Willie back . beck's voice ( radio ) Willie ? what 's go on ? willie he 's go . I think he 's fall . I be go down after he . mess Jones be bench press 200 pound on a fold - down compact gym , while dejesus huff and puff on a exercise bike . dejesus that 's it jonesy ... sweat it out , man ... get to get the poison out of we blood . Jones grit he tooth and struggle against the weight , suddenly bowman throw open the door and stick she head in . bowman sixpack be lose . corridor - moment later bowman , Jones and dejesus be head for the control room where they be join by cobb . cobb be not they tie ? they be suppose to be tie . they all enter the control room beck be at the console with Doc in he chair . jone how far away be she ? doc two hundred meter . willie' voice silence they . willie' voice ( radio ) four to shack ... near the bottom . look at this ... they all stare at the monitor . the screen be fill with huge wave tuber . doc my God , look at the size of that tuber .... dejesus nine , ten foot high ... bowman if he have he blinker on -- jone it would not make any difference in there ... he could be two foot away and on fire and she would still not see he ! underwater on willie she move through the dense wave forest of giant tuber , parting they with she hand as she move slowly . willie sixpack ? control room beck why can not we pick up he signal ? dejesus ( a joke ) maybe he get eat ? bowman ( dryly ) what would be dumb enough to eat sixpack ? on willie she move aside the last of the tuber and freeze at the sight in front of she . willie' voice ( radio ) four to shack ... you pick this up ? inside all eye suddenly go to the monitor . a huge dark maw fill the screen . beck affirmative ... widen picture . the image on the screen widen and we see the open be a huge gash in the side of a sink ship . beck ( cont would ) ( to doc ) tighten the picture on the upper righthand corner . close on the monitor : the picture zoom in on the corner and Willie 's add light suddenly bring the letter " m " into focus . beck press the red record button and pan the ROV slowly across the bulkhead of the ship . the next letter be a " a " . then suddenly a cyrillic letter appear , then other . cobb what the ?... doc Russian . willie' voice ( radio ) I be go inside . beck what 's you air read ? willie' voice twenty minute ... beck twenty minute !... who have tank duty ? bowman who else ... sixpack . jone the man be unbelievable ... I say , leave he in there . bowman ( dryly ) what about he suit ? that 's a million five the company 's get to replace . they will make somebody go get it . beck ( to Willie ) Willie , we be give you five minute ... after that we be come in . willie' Pov her life - support gauge move eerily around the perimeter of she mask . she move along steadily down darken corridor . she open a door and it drop from its corrode hinge - - a cloud of sludge rise off the bottom . the room look empty . willie sixpack ?... answer I . she throw open another door . it also look empty , then wham ! a grotesque echonoderm slam into she helmet . Willie bat it aside and as soon as she recover shine she light into the room . what she sees : the ship 's infirmary . Broken glass , stainless steel ... the light do strange thing , reflect , sparkling ... willie ( on radio ) the infirmary ... beck's voice ( radio ) Three minute ... her helmet - mount camera pan the room one more time , then as she turn to leave it capture a strange gleam of white in the corner --a large human - like skeleton . Willie do not see it . int . the control room close on doc he stare at the monitor screen . do he see something or be he eye play trick ? he look across the console and see the videotape be recording . underwater on willie she move to the end of the hall . it end with two door . beck's voice ( radio ) one minute . Willie hesitates at the junction and push OPEN the door on she leave , something huge behind it move --it' sixpack . his mechanical arm suddenly rise and in they grasp we see the ship 's huge safe . sixpack ( laugh ) I be rich , honey . Rich ! the swamp - later the door to the Russian ship 's safe stand open . bang ! bang ! Jones and dejesus hammer safety deposit box with a chisel . while the other watch , sixpack plead he case with beck . sixpack it 's all mine if I be on report . otherwise you gotta take I off report before you look at any more ... ai not that right , cobbie ? cobb you be on you own , sixpack , you fuck up everybody 's day off ... dejesus pries off the top from the first safety deposit box and dump the content on the workbench ... several wallet , wristwatch , a pocket watch , a wedding ring ... bowman who stand with a clipboard begin take inventory . bowman personal effect ... willie ( consider a watch ) timex ... she pick up something else , a pack of soggy chew gum and toss it to cobb . willie ( cont would ) here 's something for you , cobbie . jone ( check a wallet ) Russian money ... do not look like much . Jones open the next box and dump it out onto the table ... life saver candy , a postcard of a fat Russian woman in a bathing suit . bowman look at it . bowman ( grin to sixpack ) yeah , I would say you can retire with all this loot . sixpack shut up . everyone chuckle . more papers and a small , book -shape object wrap in plastic . Jones unwrap it . it 's a video tape . he look at the label . willie what be it ? jone ( read ) " Debbie do Dallas " ... ( look up and grin ) Hell , it 's in Russian . I can not read it ... doc May I see it ? Jones hand it to Doc who look at it . doc ( cont would ) it 's a log of some sort . Jones pries the lid off another box and dump it out -- paper , more cheap watch . on sixpack he notice something silver , the size of a paperback book , under a stack of papers . discreetly he cover the object with a piece of paper and slide it off the table out of sight . Jones open the last box , and something roll across the table toward the edge and start to drop when it be catch by dejesus . he hold it up and we see - - a clear liquor bottle . willie vodka . cobb what asshole , they lock booze in the safe . dejesus probably confiscate . no booze on board , same as we . Doc turn the bottle around in dejesus ' hand so he can read the label . doc ( eyeing the bottle ) stolichnaya . everyone look at doc. cobb you read Russian ? doc Russian , french , italian , Spanish , Greek , german , a little hindu , some serbo croat and a smatter of swahili ... standard pre-med background ... cobb stare at he a second then : cobb bullshit . doc ( grin ) ... and a Russian grandmother ... beck ignore they and address bowman . beck I want all this stuff impound in the supply safe . he lift the bottle of stolie out of dejesus ' hand . beck ( cont would ) ... except this ... it go in my safe . a disappointed crew watch beck leave with the bottle . Doc stop he . doc ( to beck , hold up the videotape ) you mind if I take a look at this ? beck ( leave ) be my guest . ring corridor - later the gloomy corridor outside the infirmary . it be empty , silent . suddenly the door to the infirmary open slightly and bowman peek out . see the corridor be empty she slip out with a a manila folder . dormitory - same bowman hand the envelope to dejesus , who 's grin delightedly . dejesus you get them ! sixpack and Jones be there too . sixpack scowl . sixpack what good 's the kid 's mo record anyway ! dejesus watch and learn , amigo ... control room - later close on monitor screen we see a thin , bearded man in he late fifty , a russian ship' captain talk to the camera in Russian . the tape be of poor quality and water spot . doc' voice ( o.s. ) ( translate ) another party last night . more vodka . the infirmary be fill as it be . I confiscate what I can , but I know the government observer have more ... suddenly , the captain hear a noise off - screen and go to the camera and turn it off . the tape go blank . on doc he stop the tape and press another button on the console . willie' video of the huge hole in the hull of the ship appear on another screen . doc ( cont would ) see that gash ? the way the edge protrude inward be like from a torpedo explosion . it could not have come from within . like a accident . he look back at beck who we see be sit behind he , and have also be watch the tape . beck look at Doc and shrug . beck what do you want I to say ? that it all sound mysterious ? doc this observer be do something . a test ... I think they sink that ship on purpose to cover up they mistake . beck what mistake ? ( he shake he head wearily ) look , I think it 's no big deal but if you want to find out why this ship sink have maritime run a check . he get up and go to the door . Doc watch he . doc I do . they have no record of the wreck . ( beat ) the marshal goloviev be now on a tour in the baltic Sea . beck stop . this be a mystery . close on combination lock / beck's quarter - same finger fiddle with the combination . he pull on the handle . the safe do not budge . dejesus ( whisper ) it 's not the phone number ... we pull back to see that dejesus be alone in beck 's darken quarter , he talk to the p.a. suddenly we hear bowman' voice over the intercom . bowman' voice ( on intercom ) okay , try the social security number ... dejesus put he finger back , on the safe dial . dejesus okay , give it to I ... intercut with bowman in dorm . bowman ( read off of beck 's form ) two ...twelve ... ninety -six . sixpack ( scoffingly ) you guy be so full of shit ... who 's go to use they birthday ... dejesus voice ( over intercom ) bingo ! sixpack ( suddenly sit up ) like I say , that bottle 's mine ! control room - same on beck at the door and Doc . doc I want you permission to check that vodka . beck look at he . it be obvious that he do not trust Doc , with the vodka , but he 's diplomatic . beck this be a mining shack , not a lab , Doc . if there 's something strange with the vodka it 's safe till we get back . upper ring corridor on cobb stand watch for dejesus . suddenly the door to the Control room open and beck walk out . cobb grab a walkie-talkie . cobb beck 's come . beck's quarter / on dejesus he hear cobb and freeze . he look around -- the cramped quarter do not offer much in the way of hide place . intercut with bowman and other in dormatory they react similarly to the sound of cobb on the p.a . on cobb and beck / corridor beck stop outside he door and see cobb . beck something wrong , cobb ? cobb ( struggle ) uh.. Excuse I sir , it 's the air recirculate system , sir ... beck what 's wrong with it ? cobb ( think fast ) ... I would really have to show it to you . beck ( beat ) all right ... cobb smile , he can not believe he luck , then beck hold up the videotape . beck ( cont would ) ... just let I put this in my safe ... before cobb can react beck open the door to he quarter and step inside . beck's quarter we see no sign of dejesus . cobb follow into the room , look carefully around for sign of dejesus . in the mirror to beck 's bathroom , cobb spot dejesus press against the wall . cobb suddenly start to sweat bullet . beck quickly unlock the safe , open it , and put the videotape right next to the bottle of vodka . we see cobb 's reaction . beck turn . beck something wrong ? cobb shake he head weakly and start to follow beck out , he sneak a look back at dejesus in the shadow who give he a thumb up . mess - later five specimen cup fill with vodka . bowman take hers and look at it questioningly . cobb watch the door for sign of the officer . bowman cute , dejesus ... specimen cup ? jone aw , loosen up , bowman ... ( he look over and notice Willie ) hey , Willie , I get one serve up for you . Willie shake she head . willie no , thanks . I have get my blood test in three day . dejesus that 's all you do be exercise . you get to learn to live a little . willie after my astronaut training physical , then I will tie one on . sixpack forget space cadet , I will drink hers . cobb hey what happen it he go back and find the bottle miss ? dejesus he will not ... he hold up a plastic iv bag fill with clear liquid . dejesus ( cont would ) I pour the vodka in here . cobb , Jones , dejesus , bowman , and sixpack grin and clink glass , then knock back they vodka . afterwards we get they reaction . jone : look concerned . bowman : shake she head , something 's wrong . dejesus : can not get the taste off he tongue . cobb : seem totally satisfied . sixpack : who have hold the liquid in he mouth savore it , suddenly spit the vodka out . sixpack shit ! it 's water ! jone beck switch it ! dejesus can you beat that ? the sonof - abitch do not trust we ! Willie grin at she co-worker and beck 's move and jog out into the corridor . sixpack disgustedly toss he shot glass away and leave . sixpack that little turd . if I ever get the chance I will fix he ass . the other put down they glass disappointedly except bowman . she watch sixpack . dormitory sixpack' bunk he close he privacy door and hesitates as if listen for the other , then he remove a silver flask with cyrillic lettering -- the silver object he palm in the swamp -- and smile as he take a long pull . suddenly wham ! the privacy door to sixpack 's bunk be slam open . startle he turn startle to see -- bowman . bowman do not I ever tell you vodka be my favorite drink ? she hold out she glass . sixpack look around the dorm , it 's empty , then grin sheepishly and pour she a shot . corridor " B " on willie she be jogging through the corridor . suddenly there be a great groaning noise . Willie stop and look through the steel mesh wall into the machine floor . the dark shape of the machine move monstrously in the dim light . the groaning end and she jog on to the swamp . as she pass the door she notice the light and stop . beck stand with a clipboard by a equipment cabinet fill with the parachute- like container transporter we see outside . he see she . beck that be a loud one be not it ? willie after a month of it you would think I would be use to it . she move into the swamp and go to the lift lock , stop under one of the ladder she leap up and grab a metal rung above she and begin do she chin-up as beck watch she lean body easily do the exercise . beck ( watch she ) how 's astronaut training ? willie why ? you go to give I hard time like the other ? beck no. I be just be friendly . willie ( beat ) good ... it 's go good . beck try to concentrate on he inventory , but continue to watch Willie 's sexy , athletic body . beck whatever make you want to do a tour down here ? willie I need electrical field experience on my resume . everything help ... ( she watch he ) why be you here ? beck everybody in corporate training serve a tour on the line . sup - pose to hone leadership skill or something . willie have it help ? beck shrug . willie I guess there 's not a lot of adventure in the Control room . beck look up and they lock eye . beck you think I should hang around more with the crew ? willie well , I always hear you do not " learn " leadership , you earn it . ( beat ) how do you know they would get into the vodka ? beck look up from he clipboard and smile . beck I guess I figure if I be in they shoe that 's what I would have do . willie ( smile ) maybe you be more one of we than you think ... sir . int . mess / blackboard - morning screech ! the chalk shriek across the blackboard , make a " 1 " over the word " day till pickup . " Jones look up from he cereal at bowman , the culprit with the chalk . jone puuleeeeze ... int . dormitory - same dejesus put on he wet suit which go under he large mechanical suit and get ready to join the other in the mess . he notice sixpack 's privacy door be still close and bang on it . dejesus hey , sixpack ... rise and shine amigo ... there be no answer . carefully he open the door and be surprised to find it empty . int . infirmary - same close on sixpack 's eye . we pull back to see it be be examine by Doc who frown . doc let 's see you tongue . sixpack oblige as beck enter . beck what 's wrong ? doc pretty good imitation of a hangover and I ought to know . sixpack well , it be not ! it feel a thousand time worse . doc where ? sixpack I ... I dunno . I just feel ... wrong . doc take off you shirt . sixpack pull off he shirt . Doc frown in surprise . what he sees : sixpack' torso there be strange black area , each of they a inch in diameter . doc ( cont would ) ( concerned ) how long ... how long have you have this ? sixpack ( surprised , scared ) shit , Doc ... I do not know I have they . Doc peer closely at the skin where it 's discolor . it 's a different texture . beck watch as Doc touch a spot and sixpack scream in agony . Doc and beck lock eye . beck's quarter - same close on martin on beck 's video monitor . he be drink a cup of coffee . martin ... as long as you know it 's not in you contract . beck I know that . martin well , suit yourself , then ... its you decision ... ( he chuckle ) ha ha ... a little joke ... suit yourself ... beck interrupt impatiently . beck how 's the weather for pickup tomorrow ? martin ( look at a report , then up at beck ) beautiful . the swamp - morning the crew member climb into they suit . cobb bad as he be there 's no way we can make we quota with - out he sad self out there . you just can not do it . dejesus ( angrily ) he 's tanking on we ... willie no ...he 's really sick . I hear he last night . the company will take that into consideration ... jone honey , the company do not give a fly fuck about " why , " they just look at the number and the contract say if we miss we quota they only get to pay we half - pay for the entire month . dejesus ( convinced ) ' cocksucker 's tanking on we ... suddenly all eye go to the door , beck enter . beck ( to dejesus ) no , he 's really sick ... he will not be go out today . the crew increase its bitching ... cobb there go we quota ... bowman thirty day , right down the toilet ... beck ignore they and go to the control rack which send the suit around the room and push number 8 - - he suit . dejesus and Jones share a look . bowman and Willie watch he carefully . as beck 's suit stop in front of he the room be quiet , they can not believe they eye . awkwardly , beck try to get into he suit . cobb break the silence . cobb Excuse I , sir ... beck be this a contract violation , Mr. cobb ? cobb no sir ... I just want to know if you need a hand ? beck see he 's sincere , then look at the other and Willie . she nod slightly . beck turn back to cobb . beck ( beat ) thanks ... int . the infirmary - same Doc and sixpack . Doc take a blood sample , seal it and open a cabinet under the sink where a supply of blood be store in a refrigerate unit . the plastic bag of blood be label with the various crew member ' name . sixpack watch he from the examination table . he be shiver violently and scared . sixpack ( he 's lose it ) please , Doc ... I be cold ... I hurt ... we see a change in Doc 's demeanor . he be suddenly need and it have touch something in he and we see he rise to the challenge . doc I be just go to take a tiny piece of skin to look at under the microscope ... afterwards I will give you a sedative . skillfully Doc take a skin sample . sixpack scream . view through the microscope a enlarge view of the cell in alarmingly hyperactivity . we see it literally spread before we eye . on doc he lean back from the microscope . there be awe on he face for the first time since first year medical study -- and there be fear of the unknown . he look over he shoulder at sixpack , he shiver have stop , he lie still on the table . underwater light move in the blackness , but there be a order to the action and a crispness to the voice . people do work that be move sharply . pride in what they be do . dejesus okay , number 23 's full . beck let 's get it out of here and bring in a new one . jone yes sir ... bowman hook 's on 24 ... beck let 's have she ... the container transporter fill with compress air and lift the container as the miner guide it to the track ... int . infirmary / shack - same Doc be at the console of he computer . as word appear on the screen , obviously in response to he query ... " ... would appear to indicate a virus of unknown origin ... " Doc shake he head disgustedly . doc ( to himself ) no kid ? " a virus of unknown origin . " come on and tell I something I do not know ... like what 's go on ... on screen more word come up . " ... no idea ... " doc ( cont would ) ( type , angrily ) then take a guess , goddamnit ! he finish type and wait for a answer . the cursor flash the word " processing " . then a answer come up . " genetic alteration ? " the word send a chill down Doc 's spine . swamp room - later the mood be happy . like a high school football locker room after a win game . dejesus climb out of he suit and slap beck on the shoulder . dejesus good work out there , Mr. Becky . beck , obviously pleased , look at the other . Jones sum up the feeling of the entire group . jone thank you , sir . beck 's grin suddenly disappear at the sight of a flash red light over the intercom . infirmary - later beck be stand in the doorway of the infirmary , glaring at Doc , who sit with he bottle of Old granddad . beck Dead ? this morning you say he have some skin disorder . doc he do . beck well , how the hell do a skin rash kill you in eight hour ?! Doc look at beck wearily and hand he a mask . doc here . put this on . you examine he . beck I be not a doctor . doc for this ... you do not need to be . beck hesitates , then put on the mask . sick room as beck enter , mask , sixpack 's back be to he under the sheet . slowly he pull back the sheet and recoil from the sight . the black splotches have nearly all grow together . his finger have lengthen and become more webbed . most dramatically the sore on the side of he neck have become flare and elongate . though not bleed , the open vein be visible . infirmary Doc pour some bourbon in a glass , and take a sip . beck enter daze from the sick room and they eye meet . beck the mask be because you think it might be ... catch ? doc I do not know . I have be back and forth with narragansett Naval all day , consulting with the best people in maritime medicine , the best people in viruse ... beck ( impatiently ) and ? doc and they do not believe the symptom I describe ... beck ( beat ) why sixpack ? doc it could be a million thing , something in the air , food .... ( he look up and lock eye with beck ) but he go on that ship and so do Williams ... ( beat ) I want to examine the crew . beck ( still in shock ) yeah ... right ... he start to the door and Doc watch he . doc I have report the death to the company . int . the mess - same the mess be quiet . all eye be down . sixpack 's absence be noticeable . jone " routine , " my ass ! ai not nothin ' " routine " about no physical check - up 10,000 foot down ... especially when we be get pick up the next day ! cobb he do not say it be a " routine check - up , " he say it be a " routine precaution . " willie must be bad . even sick sixpack never miss a meal . dejesus it 's this fuck air system .... cobb ai not the food or the air system , he 's just sick ... everybody get sick every now and then . it 's all part of be human ! bowman suddenly become pale . bowman well , I must be human because I be sure as hell sick . she get up from the table and dash for the toilet . int . shower room - later examination sequence close on white skin / ( cobb ) pale skin , fishbelly white with white hair , see closely ... cobb' voice ( o.s. ) I guess I be kinda ...outta shape ... ( a pause , no answer ) this skin condition ... what be it ? like herpes , or measle , or what ? doc' voice ( o.s. ) it 's difficult to describe . Doc be scrutinize cobb 's flabby body closely . they be alone in the shower room . Stainless steel , and mirror . Doc stop and check a place on cobb more closely . cobb ( watch , nervous ) Christ , it would be a hell of a thing if I go back to the roof with some kind of herpes thing . my wife would not understand that at all ... Doc peer closely , satisfy himself that it 's nothing . doc you seem all right . cob ( relieved ) she would not understand . she would think I be down here fuck my head off . dark skin / pore Black skin , see very close , the pore appear like crater . we be look at Jones ' naked body ... rippling muscle . jone ( grumble ) this whole thing 's unnecessary , doc. only " skin problem " I get be white people ... ( beat , suspiciously ) how come you be wear that glove ? int . shower room / smooth skin - later firm , lovely breast , smooth skin ... willie' voice ( o.s. ) this disease ... do you know what cause it ? Doc turn Willie around and examine she firm naked buttock . doc not yet . you get any idea ? willie ( suddenly ) you do not think it be from go on that ship do you ? doc that 's a possibility . but if it be that simple why have not the symptom begin on you ? Doc turn away to let she dress . willie you mean I be okay ? doc you be fine . shower room / tan skin dejesus ' body be be examine ... tan skin , wiry muscle see very close . as we move along the skin , it seem every moment as if the next instant will reveal a dread blemish ... dejesus ' voice ( o.s. ) what do you mean , " a skin problem " ... you skin change ? dejesus , naked , with he back to we . Doc examine he . doc it blacken ... become scaly . dejesus ( joke ) you mean like a fish ? dejesus chuckle , but something about the think stop doc. doc ( almost to himself ) yes ... like a fish ... dejesus ( smile ) I be just joke , Doc . control room - same beck sit in he chair read the transocean officer instructional manual . insert : the chapter he 's on say : body disposal at sea . the face of Martin stare back at we . martin well , accord to maritime law , you , as commander of the shack have the authority to dispose of the body . however , the company do not want you to do that . beck what you do not understand be that my crew be in jeopardy . martin but you do not have any proof at this point to assume that this disease be contagious , do you ? beck I be not anxious to find out , either . martin beck , trust I . if the company feel that you or you crew be in any danger we would authorize a immediate emergency pickup . we could be there in a few hour . beck do it . martin ( beat ) unfortunately . we can not . he pick up a sheet of computer paper . martin ( cont would ) there be a typhoon about 600 mile off the coast of baja . it 's not come you way but the company do not want to lose you folk or a emergency ship should it veer you way . beck what be you say ? that we be not even go to be pick up tomorrow ? martin it should not be a long delay . beck but it 's a delay ! how long ? a day ? two day ?! martin twelve hour , no big deal . we should know something first thing in the morning . do not worry . washroom - same Willie enter the room with several sink and a couple of toilet stall . she approach one of the sink and pull a toothbrush from the pocket of she robe . willie bo ? Doc say you be next . just then she hear a retching sound from one of the stall . willie ( cont would ) bo ?... you okay ? infirmary - same Willie and Jones help bowman into the infirmary . she be weak from nausea . they help she onto the examination table and look around for doc. Jones see a light on in the sick room . sick rook - same sixpack 's body lie under a sheet in the sick room . the door open and Jones look in , see sixpack but in the dim light , do not realize the sheet cover he , cover the body totally . Jones smile . jone ( whisper ) hey , sixpack ... hey , my man ... how you feel ? there be no answer and Jones slowly approach the body . jone hey , man , we make quota to - day . no thanks to you , you dog , but we make it ... beck help we ... we just drop bowman off . I hope what you have get be not catch ... he be almost to the table and reach out to touch sixpack when suddenly the body stir . sixpack 's foot move slightly under the sheet as if shifting in he sleep . Jones stop . jone ( cont would ) oh , man , sorry ... you go back to sleep . infirmary - same Jones return to the examination room . bowman be now undress and under the blanket on the examination table . willie who be you talk to ? jone sixpack ... willie how be he ? jone sleep . no sign of Doc , though . I will check the control room . you look in the shower room ... they leave bowman groaning on the examination table and head back to the main corridor . as they leave we hold on the door to the sick room behind bowman . bowman writhes on the examination table in pain . carefully she climb off the table and go behind a partition to throw up . close on bowman at the sink in the infirmary . she rinse she face in the sink and pull back she hair , suddenly she stop and bring she hand in front of she face . insert her hand . huge clump of hair have come out in she hand . and then she see she hand themselves . scaly . bowman oh , God ... what 's go on ? she turn and look at the light on in the sick room . slowly she go to the door and enter . sick room bowman approach the body of sixpack . bowman ( panicked ) sixpack ... what 's go on ? no answer . she pull back the sheet and gasp . control room - same on beck and doc . doc ( panicky ) you have to call they back . explain that this be a emergency . Jones enter . jone Excuse I , sir ... bowman 's sick . she 's downstairs in the infirmary . doc ( concerned ) the infirmary ?... jone yes sir , be not that where we usually go when we be sick ? doc we be simply concerned about she ... proximity to ... beck ( to Jones ) sixpack 's dead . Jones look from one officer to the other then grin . jone bullshit ... I be just talk to he . I see he move . beck what ?... lower ring corridor - same beck hit the floor off the ladder and rush to the infirmary with Jones . he open the door and freeze . what he sees : the examination table where Jones leave she be empty . the room desert . jone ( point to examination table ) I leave she here . doc come up behind they , then turn . he hear to a hissing SOUND down the ring corridor . he turn from the other and move slowly toward the noise . shower room Doc enter the shower room , full of steam and the SOUND of water . doc bowman ? there be no answer and he move toward the shower . doc bowman . it 's doc. I be here to help you . the water continue to run . no answer . carefully , Doc open the shower door . what he sees : bowman . Dead . her wrist have be cut and blood swirl down the drain . Doc sadly squat down beside she . the death effect he greatly . he feel helpless , then suddenly he eye widen and he carefully reach out and take bowman 's limp arm , turn it supine . there , run the length of the arm , we see the black scale . infirmary Jones and beck lay bowman 's body carefully onto the examination table in the infirmary . through the sick room door we see the sheet shroud body of sixpack . Doc cover bowman with a sheet as we CUT to the mess - later the remain crew , Doc , and beck assemble in the mess . Doc sit quietly , almost in a daze . beck I can not tell you much about it , except that none of you show any symptom . dejesus and it kill bo ? beck no ... she kill herself . on willie the news hit she hard . jone we be get out of here just in time . beck there 's now a problem with the weather for pickup . there 's a typhoon in we sector ... ... we be go to be delay twelve hour ... dejesus typhoon ?! jone twelve hour ! cobb at least we get time and a half . that 's in the contract . jone fuck double pay , man ! I want out of here ! they argument be suddenly cut short by a noise from the corridor . a thump ! the crew stop they grumble and listen . a moment later we hear another thump ! beck look at Jones . beck ( motion for Jones to come with he ) Jones ... ( to the other ) stay here . ring corridor beck lead the way slowly toward the infirmary where the sound be come from . outside the door they hear it once more . thump ! carefully he enter the infirmary and we see the examination table be empty ! beck go to the sick room and stop in the doorway . Jones move behind he and he eye suddenly widen . what they see : both body now be in a motionless , hideous conglomeration on the the table . slam CUT to close on heavy zipper ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ . it be quickly pull shut , run the length of a heavy plastic bag , close both body inside . int . corridor " B " - later dress in they rubber latex suit cobb , Jones , dejesus , beck , and Willie carry the body of sixpack and bowman in the zippere bodybag . now , well over three hundred pound , the body strange shape and dead weight make it difficult to transport . dejesus c'mon , cobb ... you be slack ... cobb ( angrily ) I be not , goddamnit ... it 's Jones !.. before Jones can argue , beck cut they off . beck shut up , all of you . cobb Mr. beck , the contract state that no body can be dispose of without authorization of --- jone fuck the contract , man ! the group turn into the swamp where Doc wait for they by the lift lock . rounding the corner cobb bang into the side of a bulkhead and drop he corner of the " package . " like domino , Willie also loose she grip , then dejesus . the bodybag splashes into the grimy bilge water make it even harder for everyone to get a handhold . beck ( cont would ) c'mon ... lift ! the group struggle to raise the bodybag and just get it to they shoulder when suddenly we go tight on dejesus 's face . dejesus hey !... I feel something . it 's move ! he 's alive ! cobb I feel it , too ... someone 's try to get out . cobb drop he end intentionally and he kneel look for the zipper . jone cobb , what be you do ! cob but he be not dead ! he be not dead . beck cobb ! stop ! but cobb grab the zipper and start to unzip the heavy bag . beck try to stop he when suddenly , wham ! a dark appendage rip through the zipper and flail like a pressurize firehose . it beat wildly for several second , then lash out at cobb--ripp a gash on he forearm . while cobb scream in pain , beck yank the appendage off cobb 's arm revealing a mouth full of needlesharp tooth and a sharp tongue - like proboscis which have stab cobb like a dagger . cobb it bit I ! it bit I ! while beck and Willie wrestle the strong flopping appendage , Doc rush to the lift lock . dejesus and Jones struggle to force the lurching bodybag into the lift lock . jone push hazy ! the bodybag shudder like a huge cocoon about to lose its occupant . Jones dig he shoulder down into the task just as the bag suddenly rip in several place . a tear rip OPEN next to Jones ' head revealing the head of bowman , she vacant eye only inch from Jones ' face . jone oh , Jesus Christ ! I be not never gonna sleep again ! suddenly a whining noise sound behind they . beck look back to see cobb approach with a battery operate underwater chain see . he 's clearly intend to cut the creature with the whirring blade . beck no ! cobb it bit I ! dejesus it 's sixpack ! cobb I be go to kill it ! dejesus turn to block cobb while the other continue to wrestle the bodybag into the lift lock . the bag suddenly split and a scaly arm protrude . it reach out grab dejesus . beck pull he free and yell . beck Close the lock ! now ! Doc hit the lever . the elevator do not move ! rrrrrriiiiippp ! a scaly leg rip out of the body bag ! beck ( cont would ) hit it again ! Doc hit the elevator switch again , harder . nnnnnnn ! the lift lock door whine close and a horrifying scream rise from the lock . close on the lift lock the end of the appendage be severe in the close door , disappear unseen into the greasy bilge water . beck ( cont would ) flush it ! Doc flip a switch and the scream of the vacuum pump drow out the scream in the lift lock , the wail of cobb , and the splash sound of the severe three - foot section of gory muscle which slip silently and undetected under the workbench . a second later the elevator return empty , silent , bloodstain . beck turn on the video monitor of the exterior lock . the exterior worklight illuminate million of bubbles from the flush and the struggle movement of the bodybag before it grow still once again and disappear beyond the range of the shack light ... into the darkness . beck turn and look at he savage crew . Willie , Jones , dejesus , Doc look like wet-suited butcher . splatter in blood , numbe by the experience , they be bring together by have simply survive . Jones hold up Willie . dejesus lean against the bulkhead . in the far corner cobb sob quietly . shower - later Cloud of steam . vaguely see through the steam , Willie be scrubbing herself almost desperately , as though the spatter blood of the creature have penetrate into she skin . finally she give up almost in tear and rest she head against the wall of the shower stall . dormitory - same beck and Jones open the privacy door to sixpack 's bunk . after some digging which produce five month 's supply of pornography , the empty flask clatter to the floor . beck pick it up . beck I think we just find we problem . mess - later cobb pour himself a cup of coffee with a shaky hand . Jones , and dejesus sit at a table and Willie lace up she shoe for a run . there be a feel of anger among they . dejesus serve he ass right to get it . motherfucker bring that shit onboard . I hope he fuck ass rot in the sea and be shit upon by the fish . jone ' fucker could have get we all kill . cobb he know better than that . Willie finish tie up she shoe and look at they all coldly . willie you guy sure be not so holy when you be shoot that vodka ... it could have be you . she get up and walk out into the Ring corridor . the russian ship we be moving along the ship 's corridor that Willie walk look for sixpack . we pull back to reveal we be watching a video screen in the control room Doc and beck replay the tape of Willie 's search for sixpack on the Russian ship . on the monitor screen we see Willie 's Pov of the infirmary . the light dance off the break glass as she turn , then the flash of white we see before as the light move out into the corridor . doc hold it ! Rewind it . beck rewind it . on screen we see the scene again . Light dance off the cabinet . as the light start to turn -- doc stop it . beck pause the tape . we see nothing . Doc be confuse . doc back it up slowly . beck do and we watch Doc 's face as he stare intently at the screen . suddenly he see it . doc there . on screen we see it . caught in the turn of the camera , now freeze on the screen be the clear gleam skeletal remain of a man . only it be clear that this be no ordinary man . finger and appendage be lengthen and broad than normal . but it be the large head and long sharp tooth that especially catch we attention . mess - same on a beautiful bavarian setting as a hand suddenly move into frame and we see the scene be actually one of dejesus ' jigsaw puzzle . he take a piece of blue sky from the hundred of piece on the table and place it perfectly into position on the puzzle . Jones watch he amaze . dejesus you know that innsbruck have 64 square mile of ski slope , man ? think about that . sixty - four square mile . he pick up another piece of blue sky and effortlessly fit it into place as Jones watch . it 's blow Jones ' mind . jone how would you do that ? dejesus what ? that ?... I have do this one before . you hungry ? I be hungry . he get up to go into the mess and Jones look at he in amazement . jone hungry ? after what we just go through I may never eat again . on willie she jog down the corridor toward the swamp . the shack creak and Willie look down through the grate pass below she foot . it be dark down there . her foot pound off the metal grate . low angle we watch Willie from below as she jog past . then we tilt down to the dark , still water of the bilge . suddenly something stir in the water - - a ripple like a trout in a stream . control room - same use a computer plotting program to measure the dimension of the skull on the videotape , Doc enter this measurement as they be read off to he by beck . as each of the measurement go into the computer a image of a skull begin to appear on the computer screen , follow by a name : danakil man . beck they find this ? doc no . I think they isolate he in genetic engineering . homo aquaticus ... beck be there such a thing ? doc danakil man ?... one of we ancestor . name for the danakil alp in ethiopia . beck not exactly a big ocean country . doc it be when it count a couple of million year ago when the seas come in and drive we into the water . most homo sapien do not make it ... danakil man ... adapt . on willie run . she jog past the machine room . look in , the machine seem alive , pulsing , the beat heart of the shack . there be something else though . we feel something in there watch she . control room on doc. doc some say that 's why we be basically hairless , for less water resistance , faster swim speed ... beck but what about that scale ... or that leech - like thing that bit cobb ? doc why stop with just one aspect of marine life ? why not incorporate the best genetic component the ocean have to offer ?... beck ( point to screen ) well , if they be perfect a aquaman , then why 's there a dead one onboard that Russian ship ? why be not he out swim around ? Doc look up at the image on the screen . the huge skull stare back hauntingly . doc ( beat ) he obviously lack something in he environment . dormitory - same on cobb he sit on he bunk and peer under he bandage . he turn on a overhead read light and look again . suddenly a voice startles he . jone ' voice turned black yet ? at first startle , cobb recover and answer sharply . cob that be not funny . jone relax , cobb . if it be go to turn , it would have do its trick by now . cobb that 's easy for you to say . you be not the one that get bit . Jones start to leave when he suddenly notice something on cobb 's bunk . he pick it up and we see a photo of cobb 's family . jone do not tell I you be get soft on we , cobbie ? you be the fellow who always say -- cobb snatch the photo back from Jones and glare at he with the same old , hard " cobb look . " cobb nothing 's change , goddamnit ! Jones leave , and cobb wait till he be go then look back at he photo . his look change , soften . absently he scratch he bandage . swamp Willie enter and check she run time on she watch . she bend over to catch she breath then straighten suddenly . overhead shot we be watch she from above . for a moment she be quiet as if listen for a noise somewhere in the swamp . she look around slowly and she eye come to rest on the workbench . mess - same dejesus look for food . in the gloom of fluorescent lighting he open and close various cabinet look for a snack . he notice that the floor 's wet near the sink . he frown and hear a SMALL noise , like something shifting slightly . he move to investigate , crouching low , peek into the shadow under the sink , into a litter of cleanser bottle , pail , rag ... all he can see be shadow . he look more closely , actually stick he head under the sink when suddenly something touch he shoulder from behind ! dejesus jump , bumping he head on the sink as he whirl to see . jone , loom over he shoulder , look down at he . jone man , everybody be jumpy ... what be you do ? not fully recover from the start , dejesus rub he bruise head . dejesus get some food . jone under there ? dejesus get to he foot , point at the water under the sink . dejesus look . Water . jone probably the plumbing . you gonna make I finish that puzzle by myself , or what ? dejesus continue to scrutinize the water then look back at Jones . dejesus no , I will be right there . he look down at he sandwich as Jones start out of the galley . something be miss . dejesus ( to himself ) mustard . need mustard ... he open the refrigerator and find the mustard jar empty . dejesus ( mutter to himself ) sixpack ... he throw the jar in the trash then open the cabinet next to the refrigerator for a new jar , and reach inside . suddenly , like a snake , a two foot chunk of muscle attaches to dejesus' wrist ! with he free hand dejesus tries to rip the twisting , writhing thing off . pulling at it he reveal part of sixpack' face --one eye and part of he mouth --underneath the surface . dejesus fall against the side cabinet scream and cause a avalanche of pot and pan . dejesus ( in pain ) ahhh ! inside the mess Jones be now put a piece of the puzzle into place when he hear the clatter of pot and pan . jone hey , hazy ... what be you do now ... cooking ? there be no answer and Jones look up . jone ( cont would ) ( concerned ) hazy ?... he go to the door and look in . his eye widen at the sight of dejesus staggering toward he with the squeezing hunk of muscle . jone ( cont would ) Holy shit ! dejesus help I , jonesy . oh , God , help I ! it 's get inside I , I can feel it ! he keep come at Jones who back away slowly from he friend . jone hazy , please ... I be go to get you some help , man ... just do not touch I ... Jones find himself back away until he be by the door to the galley . he close it , rush through into the mess to the Ring corridor where he run into cobb . cobb what 's go on ? jone it 's hazy ... it 's get he ! stay here and do not let he out . I be go to get the doc. Jones run out and leave cobb by the door . cobb watch he go . as the noise in the mess intensify , we hear bang on the door , then dejesus ' anguish cry . dejesus help I ! help I ! cobb back slowly down the corridor toward the dorm . upper ring corridor - same Jones meet beck and Doc leave the control room . jone it 's get hazy ! beck what have ? jone one of that chunks of sixpack ! like a big leech , with that tooth !... doc we have get to get he to the infirmary . jone what be you go to do to he ? doc I be go to try to remove it . jone I have get cobbie downstairs watch the door . int . lower ring corridor - same desert . there be no sign of cobb and the door to the mess stand open . the mess be empty . beck be the first one down the ladder follow by Jones . jone cobb ? hazy ? oh , shit ... he 's go ... cobb return with a mining tool . jone you let he get away ! cobb I be not do nothing for that thing without something to defend myself . jone that thing happen to be my friend . beck shut up , both of you ! we have get to find it . beck suddenly look around notice something . beck ( cont would ) where 's Willie ? cobb oh , God , she 's out there ... beck Jones ... come with I . cobb , you and Doc check the room . int . the lower " B " corridor - same Jones and beck move down the spooky corridor toward the swamp . overhead , water move through the desalinization conduit . Jones eye it warily . swamp they enter the quiet swamp . the suit hang silently like sleep monster . beck step into the equipment room . Jones walk along the suit which hang in front of he . they empty mask stare at he hauntingly . he reach the end and stand in front of the ladder where we earlier see Willie do chin-up . he look down and see she headband float in the bilgewater . jone Willie ... suddenly Willie lower herself from the bar behind he . willie yeah ? the sudden sight of she nearly give Jones heart failure , he stumble backwards into the ankle deep water and Willie drop from the bar laugh . willie ( grin ) what on earth 's the matter with you ? jone I ought to smack you face ! Willie pick up the strain in Jones ' voice , she smile fade . willie what 's wrong ? jone dejesus ... it 's get he . the equipment room - same Jones , Willie and beck move quickly . beck pull a portable laser drill which fit into the arm of the mechanical suit and attaches a portable power unit to the back . turn it on it become a sinister close - range weapon . Willie open a equipment cabinet and reveal deflate container transporter . beck notice and then look up at Jones who open a lock cabinet and take out the bicycle pump / earthquake device we see Willie use earlier . beck I think they be you friend ? jone be , doss be . beck reach out and take the powerful weapon away from he . beck you fire that in here and you will bring the whole place down . Jones think about it for a moment , then reach for one of the acetylene tank . he light the end of it and a long blue tongue of flame whip out the door into the swamp . Jones grin . infirmary - same Doc and cobb move into the infirmary . Doc go into he office . he take three scalpel out of a equipment drawer and then look up , through the levolor blind into the infirmary . what he see upset he . int . swamp - same Jones work the intercom . jone ( to intercom ) Jones to doc. Doc ?... cobb ? he look back to beck , concerned . jone ( cont would ) ( to beck ) think it get them ? beck no , it 's not go through . the intercom 's bust . I think dejesus fix that ? jone ( beat , realize ) he do . infirmary - same Doc leave he office and slowly go into the infirmary to the storage counter across the room -- where the blood be store . we see what disturb he ... the door to the refrigeration unit be ajar . Doc open the door to the cabinet . the plastic bag be now empty . each one have be drain . lower ring corridor - same cobb move out of the infirmary , carefully down the eerie corridor , he mining tool in front of he for security . there be a sinister feel to the place . each step only reveal a little bit of space ahead of he . suddenly he stop . in front of he across the hall a cabinet which say : onboard communications , be tear open . it be where dejesus fix the intercom the day before . close on the cabinet the door be shattered . carefully , cobb open the door and we see the gut of the wiring have be tear out -- the entire system have be disabled . cobb carefully examine the damage when suddenly a scaly hand -like appendage slam into the cabinet door trapping cobb and send he weapon to the floor . cobb turn directly into the leech-like mouth ! it 's sharp tooth shine in the light , poise to strike . cobb 's eye close , scream like a maniac , wait for the tentacle to attack . then suddenly a ungodly scream echoe in the corridor . cobb open he eye to see the tentacle go . Doc be hold the smoking mining drill , he eye glaze , as if he have see the devil itself . cobb what happen ? doc ( absently ) it ... almost get you . cobb what be it ? Doc shake he head dumbly . he be in total shock . the mess the remain group be assemble around the table . Jones watch the door with one of the homemade flamethrower . he listen . cob ( excitedly ) I see it ! it 's big ! beck Big ? jone bigger than dejesus ? how ? doc it 's have a meal . he hold out the empty blood bag . a change have come over Doc since bowman 's death . the experience have slightly deaden he . willie it need blood ? jone Fucking great ... you tell I we get a fuck dracula in here with we ? doc it would explain the suction - like appendage . jone like a leech . beck that 's why there 's a dead one on the ship . it run out of blood . jone what dead one on the ship ? he look from Doc to beck . jone ( cont would ) ( sharply ) someone want to let the rank and file in on you little secret ? Doc look at beck , then Jones . doc the monster appear to be a genetic aberration ... jone no fuckin ' lie ... doc ... it have many trait of deep sea marine life ... regeneration , scale , gill , even a period of dormancy ... ( more to beck ) but the fact that it remember where the plasma be store , or where the communication wiring be , may imply that it have some other quality ... cobb ( panicky ) what ?... what ? beck lock eye with doc. beck ( to Doc ) that it acquire intelligence from its victim ? doc Intelligence may not be the right word ... jone fuck semantics , Doc ! you say its like part dejesus , part sixpack , part bowman ?! doc ( tiredly ) I do not know . I be guess . cobb ( lose it ) I say we should go get in the escape bubbles and get the hell out of here ! jone and hit the surface in the middle of a typhoon ?... no , thank you . I will take my chance down here . Willie look at beck . willie what can we do ? beck we only chance be to lure it to the swamp and flush it like we do the other . cobb and how're we go to do that ? beck check he flamethrower and look at Jones . time CUT to the mess - later on beck he flexe he arm as a needle be take from it . we see a half - pint of blood in a bag , hold by Doc . he secure it and hand it back to beck . doc be careful with it . beck do not worry , I do not want to give up any more . he look over at Jones who watch the door . Jones look back and nod . the coast be clear . lower ring corridor - same the door to the mess open and beck slip into the shadow of the hall . a second later Jones follow . in the dim light they begin move toward the lower " B " corridor to the swamp . mess - same cobb , Doc and Willie alone in the mess . cobb scratch he bandage . Doc notice . doc still bother you ? cobb itches like hell . doc take it off and let I have a look . cobb pull back the bandage and look at the gash . insert cobb' wound pink and heal . doc look good to I . I will re-bandage it , though . he look at Willie . doc ( cont would ) Willie , would you clean it for I . I be go to the infirmary for supplies . he turn and Willie stop he with a firm grip . willie you can not go out there alone . doc I be the Doctor . I have to do what 's best for this crew . ( he pull away ) I need my bag . the lower ring corridor - same the door open and carefully Doc step out into the corridor . he look toward the infirmary then start up the ladder to the Upper level instead . close on drop of blood into a SMALL pool a grisly sight . we pull back to reveal the drop come from the plasma bag of beck 's blood . beck stop the drip and move on into the darkness of the corridor . control room Doc move behind the computer keyboard in the dim light of the Control room . his face light by the computer monitor . he type furiously . computer screen " emergency escape bubbles ... ready for activation ... " doc pause look at the message , then move he hand to the send command and press it . the mess - later Willie prepare a clean bandage as Doc examine the cut . he smile at cobb like a friendly country doctor . the tired look now go from he eye . he seem revitalize . doc there , good as new . just keep you paw off of it . ( to Willie ) do you have the new bandage ready ? she nod . Doc turn back to the sink and cobb hold out he arm to let Willie put the new bandage on . as cobb 's arm come up we suddenly notice a slight movement under he shirt . Willie stop just before apply the bandage . the movement intensify -- like snake move wildly beneath the cloth . cobb whiten ... break out in a sweat . Willie back off . willie Doc ?... Doc ! she step back and Doc move into she place as suddenly a leech - mouth tentacle erupt from cobb 's waist . it 's razor sharp proboscis puncture Doc 's chest right at the heart and the leach mouth with it 's hundred of tooth attaches with vacuum - like suction . doc no ! but it be too late . Willie fall back scream as cobb 's gash rrrrrrrips OPEN ! the flesh open grotesquely from the inside and invert scaly --spreading over cobb' body like a bushfire ! corridor " B " close on the pool of blood a huge shadow fall over the pool leave by beck . a scaly tentacle suddenly whip across the floor . the dejesus creature ! we see the flash of its appendage . it's head . a eye open and look up . what it sees the outline of beck lie " hurt " fifty foot away . it start down the corridor toward it 's prey -- beck . on beck a little behind he with the homemade flamethrower , Jones wait in the shadow . suddenly beck hear something . beck ( whisper ) I hear something . do not fire until we be both in the swamp . Jones move a little farther back . beck ( cont would ) do not let he see you . jone do not worry ... as the creature approach we see beck stand up like a wounded animal . he begin drag he " injure " leg behind he as he retreat toward the swamp . the footstep move faster . it's close ! int . ring corridor - same on willie she burst out the door to the mess and head toward corridor " B . " door to the swamp beck move through the door to the swamp and position himself by the door . he look back and we see Jones for the first time , flamethrower poise , ready to fire . jone c'mon baby c'mon ... on the shadow of the creature it move steadily toward the door , move right to the doorway . carefully it move a dark , horrible hand - like appendage inside the doorframe . on beck and jone poise to kill when suddenly both man hear the same thing . willie' voice ( o.s. ) beck ? Jones !? on willie she turn the corner and freeze . there , less than ten foot away be the creature . a tentacle whip excitedly like a tail ! willie oh God ... as the creature start to turn for Willie , beck suddenly close the vault - like door to the swamp on creature 's hand , trapping it vise - like in the door . beck run Willie ! run! the creature throw back its head and scream in pain as the heavy door sever its appendage . on beck and jone as the writhe hand - like appendage squirm in front of they Jones blast it with he flamethrower until the hand curl like a piece of bacon and it cease to move . jone well do . just like momma make them . beck open the door -- the corridor be empty . Willie and the creature be go . on willie running she head back toward the Ring corridor around the inner path toward corridor " a " . in a full run now , every panel and instrument look even more sinister -- where be cobb / Doc creature ?--- on the dejesus creature's severe appendage as the creature move after Willie we see its bloody stump suddenly sprout a new appendage ! like a starfish it grow another leech like tentacle to replace the one it lose . on willie she turn down corridor " a " . a noise overhead in the water conduit cause she to look up when suddenly a black arm reach out from the shadow , and pull her into the dark doorway to the machine floor ----it be jone ! he pull she between he and beck in the shadow . beck ( whisper ) where 's cobb and Doc ? willie ( recover ) cobb 's cut ... it be in he ! it get Doc ... jone oh man , that 's just great ... beck c'mon . control room beck be follow inside by Jones and Willie . it be empty . beck lock the door . Jones roll the large vault - like door close and lock they . beck go to the console and check the instrument . suddenly he see something that cause he to freeze in he track . a red light blink ominously on the console . beck shit ! he send they all . willie the escape bubbles ? she and Jones stop in front of Doc 's console . jone ( gravely ) look at this . beck look at Doc 's computer screen . on screen we see doc' message : " ... hope that we sacrifice will mean that the human race will never know this awful mutation ... " willie what be it ? jone the good doctor sign we death warrant . suddenly there be a tremendous banging on the door ! like a hundre sledgehammers pounding the heavy steel door try to break it down . Jones ready he weapon but just as suddenly , the banging stop . beck , Willie and Jones all nervously exchange look . willie well , at least we be safe inside here . jone for how long ? beck slide behind the Console and quickly type in a message . we see it on the screen . " shack six reporting . please disregard previous message --- " suddenly martin' face appear on the video screen . martin thank goodness , you be still alive ! jone ( yell nervously at the screen ) hey , man , you better get you ass out here right now and get we . you hear I , motherfucker ? right now ! Martin smile calmly back at the three of they . martin please relax , Mr. Jones . every - thing be under control . naturally , when we receive Dr. Warren 's message we be concerned but would never have desert you . Jones let out a breath . Willie stare straight at the screen . willie when be you come for we ? martin ( smile nervously ) well , that 's the bad news . the typhoon do turn you way . ( he look at weather printout ) right now it be on a course -- jone just answer the question , man ! when be you come ?! martin ( beat ) hopefully in the next 48 hour . beck forty -eight hour ! martin I realize you must have go through hell -- jone go ? man , we be still here ! martin ( firmly ) I can not change the weather . try to get some rest . I will keep you post . he turn off he screen and the picture in front of beck , Jones and Willie go blank . beck he 's right . why do not you get some rest . I will stand the first watch . time CUT to control room - later Jones sit near the vent sound asleep , he weapon across he stomach . near he Willie lie still , eye open . she watch beck across the room , stand at the window . he stare outside into the darkness for a moment , then as if a think suddenly occur to he he look at the blank computer screen . close on computer screen " request weather summary January 14 - 21 . " the cursor blink back ominously then race across the screen . " file close . " beck ( to himself ) Martin , you asshole ... suddenly he hear a voice behind he . willie they know , do not they ? beck ( quietly ) yeah ... I think they be just decide what to do with we . willie maybe they already have . she move into Doc 's seat in front of the console and call up the stock market program that bowman be monitoring earlier . on screen we see : stock price . Willie type in a series of command . beck what be you do ? willie see how my stock 's do ... on screen : the word transocean Corp . the capsulize report come up on screen : " transocean Corp . take a bath on world market today when news of a tragic mining accident be reveal to investor . the board of director .... " willie ( impatiently ) where ?.... she scroll forward in the report and suddenly freeze the word . the screen : " ... accident take place in shack six , Southeast sector of Pacific Zone 10 ... Seven dead . all body miss . " they name follow . on willie as she name come up she shiver . beck I can not believe they would just leave we . a voice behind they cause they to turn . jone welcome to the union , boss . we be all expendable . he be now awake . he sit up against the air vent . suddenly , beck listen , the room be deathly silent . he look over to the air vent . Jones be listen also . willie what be it ? jone the air 's stop . whoop ! whoop ! suddenly a klaxon horn sound hysterically . a blue light on the console blink on and off . it say " AIR . " beck turn to the instrument . beck we be on backup air . willie how much time do that give we ? beck less than a hour . it 's rupture a air duct . willie can not we fix it ? jone there be twenty mile of pipe in the bilge , they could have tapped - in anywhere . suddenly we hear a SOUND we haven't heard in a long time . the rattle that jone and cobb fix . Jones and beck home in on the tell - tale noise . jone ( almost to himself ) cobb ... job security ... he lock eye with beck . beck they be draw we out . he leave he seat and Jones check he weapon as Willie watch . willie you can not go out there , that 's what they want . beck check he make-shift flamethrower . beck we do not have much choice ... without air , the internal pressure will fall and -- jone crunch ... implosion . Willie watch they a moment then pick up one of the mining tool , the laser-drill , she power - it up to check it . her action stop both man and she catch they look . willie you do not think I be sit in here , do you ? int . corridor " a " - same carefully the three move into the lower Ring corridor . as they move we suddenly hear a new sound , deep , like distant thunder . the side of the shack tremble slightly . willie ( low ) the shack ... jone she 's wonder what 's happen . we be lose air faster than I think . beck ( to Jones ) which way ? Jones move to the lead and turn down corridor " a . " int . corridor " a " the SOUND of the power - wrench remove the bolt from the flooring . the cover be remove and beck and Jones peer down into the darkness . Willie stand guard with the flame - thrower . on jone he peer into the darkness below . he be not a big fan of the bilge even before the creature , now he 's scared shitless . beck I will go first . before Jones can protest beck drop the ladder and climb down into the dark bilge . Jones wait till he 's at the bottom , then start down behind he . Willie look back . willie do not spend all day down there . jone do not fuckin ' worry , I be not . bilge from somewhere in the darkness we hear the hissing SOUND of escaping oxygen and the familiar rattle of the AIR system . as soon as Jones reach the bottom rung beck shine a light into the eerie underground area . pipe run overhead and on the wall . a break electrical conduit spark over they head . the floor be ankle deep in greasy water . they start toward the noise . on willie her back be to the solid wall ( outside wall ) . her eye move from one end of the corridor to the other , not linger long enough to distract she . sweat run down she face and we hear another tremor in the shack . willie ( to herself , calming herself ) okay , Williams ... let 's hear a tune . ( beat , quietly at first ) " off we go ... into the wild blue yonder ... " another rumble from the shack cause she to pause . she catch she breath and start again . willie ( cont would ) " ... fly high into the sky ... " she suddenly look into the Main machine area ( behind the wire mesh of the other wall ) . be it something move ? bilge on beck he move around a corner we recognize from before with Jones ' and cobb 's repair . beck flood the area with light and the break in the line be visible . the pipe have be tear from the wall , it be totally unreparable . what 's worse , electrical wire hang down , shower spark into the water . jone Jesus Christ ... beck can you fix it ? jone no way ... beck think ! can we stop it ?! block it up ?! shut down the line somewhere ?! think ! jone I be think , man ! you think I want to die ! I be think ! I -- suddenly he eye widen . beck see this and turn . in he light we see the glint of long teeth and the huge black frame of the cobb / doc creature ! it 's leech - like appendage whipping in front of it like a excited cat 's tail . before it can strike , Jones push beck out of the way and fire a blast of flame from he flamethrower . the creature scream and disappear . as beck fall he light land in the bilge water and go out send the bilge into great darkness . jone I hit it . but I can not see it ! can you see it ?! beck ( stand ) no. Jones look back at the rupture pipe and suddenly have a think . jone the swamp . there 's a over - ride switch in the swamp . they start for the ladder when wwwwhhhhhhhhip ! out of the darkness the appendage wrap like a bullwhip around Jones ' arm . the deadly proboscis , which stab cobb , be poise like a dagger about to be plunge into the black man 's thigh . jone ( scream ) ahhh ! instinctively beck whip out the mining see and sever the tentacle . the unseen creature 's scream echoe through the bilge . beck grab Jones by the arm and pull he toward the ladder . beck hurry ... get out ! quickly they slosh toward the ladder and hole in the floor fifteen foot away , move closer ... ten ... eight .... then suddenly another appendage thrust between the rung of the ladder at they . beck duck and leap to the side . he be less than six foot from the creature . in the dim light we see it wickedly bare its tooth . beck 's eye go to the wall from one side to the other and spot the expose power cable . the creature step forward directly under the hole in the floor . it be about to lunge when a voice from above distract it . willie' voice ( o.c. ) hey , you ? the creature look up and see : on willie stand over the open , her flamethrower pointed straight down . she fire , sending a searing blue flame into the bilge . beck watch the flame roar down on the monster and it give he the moment of distraction he need . he leap out of the bilge water and onto a pipe on the wall then rip the break power cable from the wall . beck Jones ! get you foot out of the water ! Jones jump up and grab a pipe run overhead as beck thrust the sparking cable into the water at the creature 's foot . in a blinding flash of electricity the current surge through the cobb / Doc creature send it instantly rigid . a second later it crash forward into the water . move hand over hand toward the ladder Jones quickly climb out , follow by beck . the shack continue to shake , each jolt stronger than the last . as they emerge Willie help they . beck c'mon , the swamp ! they start for the swamp down corridor " a " when a enormous shudder go through the shack , cause the light to blink and the floor to open beneath beck . the jolt knock he back into the bilge . only grab onto the pipe just above the water stop he from fall back in . jone stop and look back over the miss grate . jone beck ! Jones move instinctively back for he , but another jolt only widen the gap . beck yell to be hear over the din of the collapse shack . beck go on ! jone no ! beck that 's a order ! jone fuck you order ! he leap across the gap onto a remain grate and thrust he hand down into the darkness . beck let go of one hand , then the other , to grab Jones ' extend arm . in one herculean effort Jones pull he out of the bilge . together they leap across the chasm as the desalinization conduit collapse over they head and water flood into corridor " a " behind they . they have to go around the other way ! as they run klaxon horn SOUND and a recorded female voice warn : " five minute until implosion ... " flash cut of : the light flicker and fail , causing the emergency lighting to go on , and casting a eerie strobe effect on the escaping three crew member falling ceiling beam crash down in front and behind ... seam bend under the strain , rivet pop ... straining machine send scald geyser of steam into the corridor ... and suddenly the floor give way beneath willie ! she leap up and grab a overhange pipe and swing to the firm ground . jone lead the way toward the swamp , with willie behind he , and beck covering the rear . they reach the end of the corridor and Willie and Jones turn into the swamp annex . Willie hit the door opener . rrrrrr it doesn't budge . the pressure have bent the door frame . beck arrive willie it 's jamme ! immediately beck backtrack to the corridor and pull a hand hold spreader -- like a " jaw of life " -- from the wall . he turn back to the swamp when a black scaly arm suddenly burst through the wire mesh of the machine floor and pull beck against the wire ! it be the dejesus creature . his head hold in place by the powerful arm , beck look almost directly into the dark eye of the creature . its gill - like slit flare . its mouth open and we see a flash of its razor sharp tooth . before beck can move the leech - like appendage rupture the steel mesh and its razor - sharp proboscis plunge like a knife for beck 's face . at the last instant beck move he head and the proboscis slam into the steel mesh . the mesh loosen the creature 's grip and beck manage to reach a mining drill from the tool on the wall . as the appendage start to strike again beck bury the whining tool into the creature 's tentacle and break free . scoop up the spreader beck rush to the swamp door where Jones and Willie be try vainly to hand crank the door open . jone where the hell have you be ? beck I get hang up ! try this ! Willie stand back and beck thrust the spreader into the tiny crack in the door the hand crank have make . with Jones ' help the two man force open the door and all three rush inside the swamp . beck close the door behind they . the recorded female voice intone : " five minute to implosion . " and we feel it happen : the bilge water on the floor of the swamp ripples with the vibration the wall shake the huge metal suit rock like clothes on a clothes line . one fall and crash into the water jone throw open the control panel and grab the red handle emergency air switch , but he can only move it half way ! it be jamme by the pressure . jone it will not go ! Willie grab it with he , but even together it be not enough . the handle break off in there hand ! steam jets whip down on they from above ! the water at there feet now boil from vibration ! the female voice intone : " four minute ... " beck turn and sees the suit in the lock he grab Willie and push she toward the lock where she suit hang . beck the suit ! get in they ! Willie move quickly but Jones do not . jone the suit ! be you crazy ! how be we go to get to the surface ? beck yank open the equipment locker revealing tank of compressed AIR and deflate container transporter . beck like this . he look up at Jones who grin with renew hope and they begin pull the equipment out . beck ( cont would ) get they in the lock ! Jones and beck drag the tank and the parachute- like container transporter to the lock . on willie she climb into she suit and activate she generator . instantly she vital Signs spring to life around the perimeter of she helmet . the female voice trembles from the vibration ... " Three minute ...to...implosion ... " beck and Jones throw the last of the supplies onto the elevator and beck hold out the seismic tool Jones try to arm himself with earlier . he take the tool from beck and stick it in the vest of he wet suit . then suddenly he see that there be only two suit in the lock . beck will have to wait on he to move along the track to the lock . jone you suit , Becky ! beck just get in yours ! Jones climb onto the lock platform and slide into he suit . beck hit the suit track button and he suit begin move along the track toward the lock . a suit turn the corner from the storage room follow by one label beck . beck look at the wall , they be shaking harder . he move along the suit rack when suddenly the creature burst from behind the suit shatter they like a explosion ! a huge tentacle hurl toward beck like a spear . beck duck just in time , grab a fire ax and chopping off the appendage . another tentacle jab for beck . willie ( scream ) look out ! but it be too late . it knock the ax from beck 's hand and send he to the floor . beck look up at the lock in time to see Jones seal himself into he suit . jone / radio I be in . beck ( to the other ) go! willie / radio no ! the creature approach beck beck look at the other one last time . beck go , now ! that 's a order ! Jones hit the elevator button and the lock close as the elevator send they down without beck . beck stand and arm himself with a mining drill , which he swing at the creature drive it back . as beck get the upper hand , the creature turn its hideous face and beck freeze . there attach to the back of the creature 's head be the grotesque face of dejesus ! dejesus ' eye suddenly blink . he 's still alive ! his lip tremble in agony . dejesus kill I ... kill I ! beck , momentarily stop by the face , lunge forward with the drill and embed it in the side of the creature . as the creature fall back hurt , beck look up at the lock elevator as it return -- it be empty -- the other have make it out ! his suit continue down the track and stop in the lock . he still have to make it , if he can just get there ! the recorded female voice sound : " one minute to implosion ... " beck race to the lock and start to climb into the suit . his arm slide into place , he leg drop into the heavy metal shell and as he seal up the back he activate the generator . beck's Pov . his vital sign light up around the perimeter of he helmet , but he see something else -- the creature charge toward the lock -- its arm reach out to yank beck out of the elevator ! instinctively , beck swing he motorize leg into the creature 's snarling mouth , knock it backwards and stun it long enough for beck to hit the elevator button . but it doesn't work ! beck no ! he hit again , still nothing ! the recorded female voice ... " nineteen , eighteen ... " her voice begin to quiver . beck pound on the button and look up just as the creature dive for he , its huge scaly hand grabbing he around beck's leg ! close on the elvator button beck pound it one last time and nnnnnnnnnnnn ! the lock close , crushing the creature as it flush beck outside second before the entire structure collapse with implosion and suddenly explode in a huge shudder of ENERGY ! underwater - later whoosh ! a parachute- like container transporter zoom toward the surface . a heavy -suite crew member flash past we . its helmet light pierce the darkness , then disappear . a moment later another transporter follow , racing out of the darkness after the first . beck's Pov we see the vital sign light in a ring around he helmet . the depth gauge race past with blind speed as he move closer to the surface . willie' Pov she tilt she head upwards . she snap off she light and see instead of black , a lighter gray , then suddenly faint trace of light in the water above she . at first it seem like she eye be play trick on she , then we see it again - - a glimmer of light . willie ( radio ) Light . beck , I see light ! on beck he follow she look . Light be come fast , brighten as they rise . the LED number inside they helmet click off ... " 125 , 100 , 75 ... " beck ( radio ) wait till you reach thirty - five before you blow you suit ... willie' voice ( radio ) Roger . willie' Pov her number count down " ....70 , 60 , 50 , 40 ... " willie ( radio ) ejecting . she yank at the handle on the chest plate and whoosh ! the plate burst open and reveal a second interior handle . her hand grope for it . sunlight be streaming down through the water as she rush upward . whoosh ! the helmet and torso of the suit be blow open as she pull the second lever detach she from the balloon . no longer oxygen support or be pull upward , Willie frees herself from the heavy suit and swim to the surface . suddenly she break the surface and catch a glimpse of the SUN , dazzling through a million droplet of water as a huge swell carry her up even higher . then she 's underwater again , struggle desperately to pull the tab on the life jacket around she neck . suddenly a male hand grab the tab for her and pull . she look up at beck . willie we make it ! beck where 's Jones ? holding onto each other Willie and beck ride a swell . at the crest we see jone in the trough below , face down . beck break away from Willie and swim through the wave to reach Jones . reaching he beck pull he face out of the water and inflate he life jacket . willie be he okay ? beck lay Jones head back against the life jacket . for a moment . Jones seem lifeless , then he eye blink and squint against the sunlight . beck turn back to Willie and as he and Jones ride the next crest he give she the " thumb -up . " willie ( cont would ) ( jubilant ) the sun ! the sun ! Jones look at beck and grin . jone what happen to that typhoon ? calm sea - later beck , willie and jone cling to each other as they search the horizon . willie be you sure you see something ? jone how many time I get to tell you . I see a ship . willie well , why have not they answer we flare ? beck we will fire one more , that leave we one last one . beck pull the flare off he latex wet suit and fire it into the sky casting a comforting yellow glow over the dark water . the light fade , Willie look at Jones . willie be you okay , jonesy ? jone ( weakly ) tip top , Willie ... tip top . willie ( testing he ) who 's the best power forward in the NBA ... jameson ? jone ( tired , but with fight ) jameson ? who be you try to con ...? they both manage a weak laugh , then beck see something . beck I will be damned . look !... a flare ! as a small swell lift they up we can see a tiny flare just fade against the sky . willie it see we ! jone answer they and quit kick I ! willie I be not touch you ! whoooooooosh ! beck fire another flare into the sky . as the flare arc downward , Willie feel another bump and for the first time see the shark circle they . willie no ...no , no , no . the shark tighten the circle as the flare fade . ext . U.S. coastguard ship' bridge - same a captain watch the flare fade through he binocular and speak to someone o.s . captain I think you say you would comb this area ? he lower he binocular as we widen to reveal martin stand on the bridge . he also lower he binocular and smile coolly as he lie . martin we do .... many time . captain ( look at Martin then to a Lieutenant ) initiate rescue . we hold on Martin 's face as from the fore deck of the ship a rescue chopper with pontoon lift off the deck and bank off toward the fade flare . ocean - same Jones , Willie and beck stay bunched close together . suddenly Willie feel another bump . willie ( panicky ) it hit I ! where be they ?! beck I can not see they ! suddenly he be bump by a shark . Willie see one only two foot away . they be surround . suddenly Jones stare to taunt the shark aggressively . jone all right ! I have have enough of this shit ! you want meat , motherfucker ? come on , eat I , sucker , try some dark meat ! he push away from the group despite beck 's attempt to stop he . jone ( cont would ) ( taunting shark ) what 's wrong you snout - nose bastard ? my meat too tough for you ?! amazingly the shark begin to disappear . Willie and beck watch stunne . even Jones be surprised . jone ( cont would ) ( to Willie and beck ) whoa ! do you see that fool run ? they know whose boss . he jab he arm upward in triumph and for the first time we see a gash across he forearm . underwater Pov as Jones crow triumphantly , we suddenly see he wet suit ripping along he thighs ! surface / ocean Jones be chortling , suddenly he smile vanish , something be happen ... we hear the drone of the approaching helicopter ... thump , thump , thump ... the blade of the helicopter sound out over the wave . it 's light be visible . Willie and beck wave frantically as Jones drift closer to they ! underwater jone ' legs his wet suit be now completely split open and we see the black scale spread ! the helicopter hover over the group below and land on the water . its blade beat the surface into wave . the winch operator hurl out a rescue harness and beck help Willie into the ring . he click the fastener and suddenly they both lock eye . before Willie can say anything beck fall back and signal the winch operator who begin haul she to safety . immediately beck lock back at Jones and extend he arm . beck jonesy ... give I you hand ! willie reach the helicopter and quickly climb out of the harness . the winch operator throw it back across the water where beck grab the harness . beck c'mon , Jones ! Jones reach out he hand . he be almost there when suddenly rising out of the water behind they be the sixpack / bowman creature in all its hideous glory ! huge and gruesome , its long teeth glimmer in the light . it goe for beck but jone move between they . beck jonesy , no ! jone get out of here , Becky ! the creature grab Jones and pull he violently under . beck watch horrify as he friend disappear . numbed he clip the rescue harness around he when suddenly , we see a boil of water where Jones disappear ... bubbles rise ... and then Jones ' bloody and tatter life vest bob to the surface several foot away from beck . beck reach out for it just as the creature appear again ! it turn and focus on beck . beck keep go for the life vest as the creature start for he . on helicopter the winch operator and Willie watch in horror as the creature bear down on beck . winch operator be he in the harness ! close on jone ' tatter vest beck reach it . his finger wrap around the bicycle pump-like , seismic tool in Jones ' vest pocket . the creature be right on top of he ! chunk , chunk , beck cock it like a pump shotgun as tentacles rise wickedly out of the water and wrap around beck 's body in a death grip . it 's horrible mouth start to open . beck c'mon , motherfucker open up ! the creature 's mouth widen and as it start to strike beck thrust the seismic tool into its gape maw and be suddenly pull from behind -- out of the creature 's grasp ! the rescue cable be taut ! the helicopter be take off ! beck's Pov / rising shot . beck rise suddenly out of the water , the creature grow instantly smaller below he until boom ! the seismic device explode in the sixpack / bowman creature , blow it to bit across the ocean surface ! the shock wave send the helicopter banking off toward the ship with beck safely attach by cable below it . the winch operator pull he in . ext . coast guard ship - later beck , dress now in crisp white clothes , stand on deck of the ship . he glance occasionally at a door nearby mark infirmary , then look up as the Captain approach and shake he hand . captain Mr. beck , I understand you pass you physical with fly color . and Ms. Williams ? beck ( worried ) I do not know yet , she 's still in there . captain well , you will be glad to know you have a friend onboard . beck look up surprised as suddenly Martin join they . martin ( excitedly ) beck ! I tell they you would make it . no one back at transocean believe I , but I never give up on you once . ( smile ) so , how be you feel ? beck look at Martin for a instant then haul off and in one incredibly smooth punch knock Martin on he can across the deck . beck better ... a lot better . just then the door to the infirmary open and Willie appear with a new outfit on . smile at beck . willie I be fine ! beck let out a slight sigh of relief as a steward approach with a tray of whole cooked fish , hideous looking thing like angler , lobster , crab ... miniature leviathan . the sight be almost too intense for beck and Willie . the Captain notice . captain I think we might have some wonderful seafood . but , if there 's something else you would rather have ... Willie stare at the tray of seafood uneasily then look at the Captain and smile . willie how about a burger and fries ? she and beck laugh as they sit at a finely set table on the deck with the Captain . as we pull back the ship become smaller and smaller in the distance and we be at the surface of the ocean riding the swell , rise and fall before slip beneath the wave and descend again into the cold depth . the end