liar liar written by Tom shadyac &amp ; Mike binder Rough draft , April 1996 int . fulgham kindergarten -- wednesday morning two dozen kindgergartners listen to they teacher , ms. berry . the word " work " be on the blackboard . ms. berry " work . " today we be go to share what we parent do for work . quick cut of a series of five - year old stand beside they desk , address the class : jeff my dad be a truck driver . melinda my mommy be a doctor . carolyn my dad be a librarian and my mom be a vegetarian . theodore ( with difficulty ) my father be a strike - sher - al - engine - ear . craig - my mother be a actress . she work at denny 's . kelly my daddy work at a place where they make stuff , and my mommy be a mommy . elliot ( look a little craze ) my father be a postal worker . the quick cut end with max : max my mom 's a teacher . as Max start to sit : ms. berry and you dad ? max ( hesitant ) my dad ? he 's . . . a liar . ms. berry ( take aback ) a liar ? I do not think you mean " a liar . " max well ... he wear a suit and go to court and talk to the judge and -- ms. berry ( relieved ) oh ! I see -- you mean he 's a lawyer . Max shrug . int . courtroom .-- day fletcher reid , early 30' , stand before the judge . his manner be utterly genuine and convincing . fletcher a dark street . . . a stormy night ... two desperate man struggle ... one man be take to the hospital , the other to ja il . the prosecutor want you to believe this be a open-and - shut case of a poor man , brutally victimize . he nod at the victim - - a fragile old man in he 70' . fletcher ( cont 'd ) well , for once I agree with t he prosecutor . this be a open - and shut case -- but the true victim be my client . fletcher 's client be a 250 pound brute in a suit . fletcher ( cont 'd ) put yourself in he shoe for a moment -- walk home from church , alone , in a frightening part of the suburb . as he describe he client 's movement , fletcher act they out : fletcher ( cont 'd ) you be nervous , timid , look over you shoulder -- when suddenly , you encounter he -- ( point at the old man ) pounce from the shadow . you quiver in fear . the streetlight flash on something shiny in he hand -- a knife ? suddenly fletcher become the attacker , brandish a weapon . the juror recoil . fletcher ( cont 'd ) and in that terrifying instant you do what any respectable citizen would -- you defend y ou rse lf . only after you shatter he arm and collarbone do you realize it 's all a mistake ... the man be merely walk away from a ATM machine , the apparent flash of metal cause by he bank card . he reveal the weapon in he hand be only a credit card . fletcher ( cont 'd ) ( concerned ) as you stand over he crumpled , though potentially still - dangerous form , you he art go out to he . you want to help . first , you gather up the many bill he drop , to stop they from bl owi no away . second , in a effort to get the name and number of someone to notify , you take he wallet . finally , you leap into the man 's Lexus to head for assistance , when suddenly a police car speed up . you breathe a sigh of relief : " someone to look - after the injure man ! oh joy ! " but do the police applaud you initiative ? do they hail you heroism ? no -- they arrest you and throw you in the slammer ! he walk along the jury box : fletcher ( cont 'd ) · and why ? why do the State turn its massive power against this individual ? ( take a impressive moment , then answer he own question : ) discrimination , ( to a black juror ) but this time it 's not base on race . ( to a female juror ) not base on gender . ( to a man wear a crucifix ) not base on religion , ( to a heavy set juror ) no -- this time it 's discrimination base on size ! . I know what the prosecution want you to think - - i t ' 's always the big guy 's fault . be that what we have come to as a society -- persecute people because they be large ? fletcher point accusingly at the opposition . fletcher ( cont 'd ) shame on you , mister prosecutor ! shame on you ! ( turn back to jury ) the state be try to barbeque my client on the spit of justice . only you can douse the flame . the decision be you s. and please ... do not let you emotion run away with y ou . the fact that my client be a family man , raise he son alone after the tragic death of they mother , have absolutely no bear on this case . in the front row we see two sad - face young child . fletcher ( cont 'd ) instead , let cold reason be you guide as you decide the fate of this church - go , orphan-rasing widower ! fletcher return to he seat . juror , dab they eye . ext . courthouse -- afternoon fletcher bound down the stair , pass a fellow lawyer , lawyer how 's it go , fletcher ? fletcher ( he ' 's win ) another gratify day serve justice . fletcher 's huge client catch up to he . client hey great job , Mr. reid . I wish there be some way I could show my appreciation . fletcher stay out of my neighborhood after dark . a publicist carry , a clipboard approach fletcher . publicist Mr. reid , do you have a · moment -? fletcher no , I be late pick up my son . publicist - because a couple of reporter want to interview you about you big win today . fletcher instantly shift direction . fletcher .. how 's my hair ? and he 's off to woo a gang of reporter . ext . suburban porch - afternoon a sad Max and he mother , audrey , wait silently on the step . max what time be it ? audrey ( check she watch ) I ' m sure he just get tie up in court again . finally , fletcher 's BMW pull up . Max race to he , delighted . max dad ! fletcher maximillian ! ( call out a command ) transformers !! . fletcher instantly become a human version of the transformer toy make robotic movement and sound . Max know the routine well , move in perfect sine with dad . . ... until -- . fletcher malfunction in vector 3 ! ! malfunction in vector 3 !! ( pretend to lose control of a ' robotic ' arm ) look out ! it 's on tickle mode !! fletcher 's " mechanical arm " become claw - like , tickling max like crazy ! Max love it . audrey watch this two kid , smile . fletcher ( be : audrey ) and who be this lovely lady ? Max , could you introduce I ? max that 's no lady , that 's mom ! audrey . · thanks , Max . · fletcher Mom ? ! ( under he breath ) himnm . . . I do not remember she look that good , ( become the robot again ) malfunction in vector 4 ! malfunction in vector 4 ! fletcher 's other robotic arm become a " pincher " , come after audrey . audrey ( playfully ) keep vector 4 away from I . unless you want vector 4 chop off . fletcher you know , you be much easier when we be marry ... ( be : she luggage ) so where be you off too ? audrey Stanford . I be deliver a paper . fletcher o h really ? where I live , we use a boy on a bike . max hey mom , dad 's take I to see wrestle ! aud rey ( mildly protesting ) oh , fletcher ! fletcher ( playfully mimick she ) oh , audrey ! audrey do you have to take he to though se thing ? they be so violent . fleccher imitate the familiar wise , old indian chief dan GEORGE . fletcher / dan GEORGE the boy must learn the way of the war rior . a d wh of be tter to teach he than rowdy Rod - . piper and Big John stud ? audrey can not help but laugh . fletcher / dan GEORGE he must be school in the way of the face - claw , the sleeper - hold , and the purple nuxple . for only then -- audrey ( playfully ) shut up !! fletcher / dan GEORGE ( to Max ) the squaw will never understand we . a horn honk . it 's the good -nature , affable jerry . Max run up to he . jerry Max , my man ! Jerry give Max " five " , then kiss audrey on the lip . jerry fletcher , good to see you ? fletcher what ? no kiss for I ? jerry ( be : luggage ) what do you say , Max ? give I a hand ? fletcher grit he tooth as Jerry give Max a piggyback ride to get the luggage . fletcher ( to audrey ) I do not know the boyfriend be go . audrey Jerry . his name be Jerry and yes , he 's go . audrey head inside . int . house - day ·. audrey enter , shut the blind . fletcher T of Stanford ? overnight ? do this mean you two be ... ( cringe , can not say the word ) audrey I have be see he seven month , what do you think ? fletgher I be hope that after be marry to I , you would have no more strength leave . audrey . well you have to remember when we be marry , I be not have sex nearly as often as you be . fletcher medic !! I have be hit . /- ext . house - day ' · ' audrey lock up . fletcher well , great ... I be so happy for you two . I be just mister h appy man . happy , happy , happy . audrey relax , fletcher . it look like Jerry 's take that job offer in Boston . fletcher turn sincere . fletcher aud , I be so sorry ... behind she back , he flail in celebration . she glance back ... he stop , whistle innocently . jerry ( call to audrey ) ready ? audrey and Jerry say goodbye to Max . they get in he explorer . fletcher ( to audrey ) yo u gonna be okay ? because if not , we could leave Max with you sister and I could go out with you two , do that appeal to you at all ? they drive off . fletcher Wave to the soon - to - be ex - boyfriend , Max . ( flipping Max the keys ) you drive . int . BMW - afternoon '- moving fletcher be drive , Max beside he . max dad , be we really go to go to wrestle ? fletcher absolutely , maxattacker . we just have to stop by the office for one minute . Max sigh . he 's hear this before . ext . skyscraper - afternoon establish the headquarters of allan , stewart &amp ; konigsberg . as they head inside , fletcher and Max pass a beggar . beggar ' scuse I , sir . do you have any change ? fletcher ( patting he pocket ) ' fraid not . sorry . int . skyscraper lobby - afternoon fletcher grab the Daily Journal , pay for it with a handful of change . his son take this in . on they way to the elevator fletcher and Max pass philip , a dweebish bore . philip fletcher ! fletcher Philip ! philip and this must be Max ! fletcher ( try to brush he off ) . yes . yes it be . well , it be good see you -- fletcher start off with Max , when Philip call after he . philip you know , ethel and I have a blast at we last little get - together . fletcher oh , I too . I can never get enough of charade . we will have to do it again sometime . fletcher head into a open elevator ... only to find the door 's close impededby Philip 's foot . philip when ? fletcher soon . the door again begin to close ... when Philip stop it . philip how ' bout tonight ? fletcher not that soon . I be take Max to see wrestle -- philip we love wrestle . we could -- fletcher I do not think so . see , Max be really shy around stranger . Max look up at fletcher . he be not . fletcher ( cont 'd ) tell you what -- give I you card as a reminder . I will call y of u . soon. promise . philip great ! Philip hand he he card just as the door close . int . elevator - afternoon Max watch as he father tear philip' card in two . int . reception area of law office - afternoon the receptionist , jane , greet they . Jane have a odd , unattractive hairdo . a large gift basket be on she desk . jane hi , Mr. reid . ( indicate , she hair ) what do you think ? fletcher fabulous ! I love it . ( indicate the · basket ) what 's this ? jane I do not know who send it . but it 's for Mr. allan . it 's he anniversary . fletcher ah ... the partnership Committee meeting still schedule for Friday ? jane ( as she go ) yep ... fletcher quickly remove a gift card from he pocket , scribbles on it , put it in place of the one already there max what be you do ? fletcher oh , I be ... fix the card , ( show he the old card ) look , they spell Mr. allan 's name wrong . have a apple . int . miranda's office - afternoon ... where a troubled fred rand be talk to miranda , a beautiful , steely partner . fred I can not do it . m iranda Fred , it 's you duty to present the strongest case possible . fred the strongest case possible , consistent with the truth . miranda let the judge decide what 's true . that 's what he get pay for . you get pay to win . fred if you insist on my take it to trial , I will represent Mrs. Cole aggressively and ethically . but , miranda -- I will not lie . miranda look out she window , calculate . miranda then we will just have to find someone who 'will . int . hallway of law office -- afternoon fletcher stride through the hallway with Max , call out greeting to he colleague . fletcher hey , Pete ! great tie ! ·. Max look at pete , - whose fashion - disaster tie startles he . fletcher Thomas -- look like you be losin ' weight . thomas glance up from a file . Max note that he 's corpulent . thomas gain three pound . fletcher ( wedge past he ) on you , it work . · fletcher arrive at he office . we meet he secretary , the fiftyish , .worldly - wise and world - weary greta . greta ' m ax ! what 's new ? . max well . . . it 's my birthday tomo rrow . we be have a party and everything . flet cher 's eye widen . he have clearly forget . gre of I be sure you dad ' 11 give you something wonderful . fletcher try to wave she off , awkwardly stop when Max turn to he . . max yeah ? fletcher oh , yeah . you be go to love it . uh , why do not you play in my office for a minute ? fax something , sue someone , have a good time . we will be leave in a second . Max head into the office . fletcher close the door behind he turn it into a silly , two -hande wave . fletcher ( cont 'd ) damn ! I completely forget . greta oh , there 's a surprise . greta produce a wrap gift . fletcher you be a saint . I should get you something . greta you do . she hold up another , smaller package . fletcher ah. well , I always do the classy thing . any call ? · she hand he a stack of mail . greta . let 's see .. . · ( checking message ) judge Patterson 's clerk . he need you filing . fletcher tell he it 's in the mail . greta ( jotting down a note ) right . you will do it next week . Mr. mckinley phone , question that fourteen hour you bill on christina Eve . fletcher write he a long , explanatory letter . then bill he for the letter . greta ( jotting down a . note ) . .. done . you mother call . fletcher I ' m on vacation . greta this be you fifth week . . · . fletcher it 's a long vacation . greta ( jotting down a note ) " break mother 's heart . " done . and that 's it , except miranda 's look for you . fletcher ( check watch ) as if I do not have anything better to do than bow and scrape at she royal perfume p artner foot . tell she I be in court . greta Court 's close . fletcher tell she I break my leg and have to be shot . greta ( whisper ) why do not you tell she yourself ? as miranda approach , fletcher switch gear in a instant : fletcher -- and then send out a notice of judgement on my win today ! greta ( dry ) I will get right on it . fletcher turn -- and pretend to be surprised . fletcher miranda ! I do not see you . hey , you look lovely , today . here , I buy you a gift . he grab greta 's gift and hand it to miranda . miranda thanks . I hear about you victory today . you be make quite a impression on the partnership committee . fletcher ( feigning puzzlement ; then ) oh , that 's right . you folk be meeting again soon . " allan , Stewart , konigsberg , and ried . " there 's something about the rhythm of four . it 's like a full measure . well , anyway , I have get a client wait in my office -- miranda . actually , something important h as come up . you be not busy tonight , be you ? before fletcher answer , we : CUT to : int . fletcher' office - evening a sad Max sit on fletcher 's big sofa . his heart sink further when fletcher enter . . . carry two box of document . max we be not go , be we ? fletcher of course we be . a promise i 's a promise . we be gonna see wrestle or my name be not fletcher T. reid . fletcher ( to wrestler ) could you hand I that ? ( the wrestler doe ) thank you . ( without look up ) we be have some fun , eh maxer ? push in on Max ; he be not . · int . HOTEL room - night Jerry pace . audrey be on the phone , wait . she notice Jerry pace . audrey be you alright ? jerry uh , yeah , just , uh ... how long be you gonna be on the phone ? audrey I just want to say good - night to Max , but he must still be out with fletcher , ( hang up ) jerry ( suddenly ) will you marry I ? she 's shocked . I audrey uh... would I . . . ? what do you say ? jerry ( nervous ) I propose , I . . . look , I know this Boston thing be a great opportunity , good job , mo ney .. . everything . but I start to think about be three thousand mile away from you and Max . and I do not like it . I -- look , I know it 's a lot to ask , to move and everything , but I . . . . I love you . I love you son . will you marry I ? she stare at he , excited , but nervous . ext . high rise apartment build - morning early morning outside fletcher 's building . int . fletcher' study - morning fletcher type on he computer . he 's be up all night . he lean back , rub he eye . when he open they he see Max stand there in pajamas . fletcher smile . fletcher Max factor ... happy birthday . how old be you today ? T h ir t y ? forty ? max five . fletcher well , you have hold up well . I only wish there be some way to commemorate such a occasion , some small symbol to mark this day , like .... fletcher produce -- fletcher . . . a present ! . Max eye it with wonder . max what be it ? fletcher ( no idea ) it 's ... it 's. ( it hit he ) a surprise . Max know he father do not have a clue but he rip the box open , revealing , a baseball , glove , dodger be cap , and full major league style uniform . max Baseball stuff ! _ J fletcher Baseball stuff . max ( hugging he dad ) will you play catch with I ? fletcher '· : absorootentootenlutely . Max beam . fletcher tonight . after you party , you have my word on it . Max nod sadly as fletcher turn back to he work . ext . jerry's car - morning Jerry and audrey be drive . audrey 's hold a couple of airline ticket . audr ey ( be : ticket ) Jerry , this be for tomorrow . jerry the company want I to get start right away . audrey I can not just pick up and move to Boston with two day notice . jerry ju st come check it out . you a no Max , see the town . let 's . pick out a place together . then , if you want to turn I down and scar I for life , fine . audrey it 's just not that simple ... what about my job ? I have be at ucla three year . jerry it 's New England . they be lousy with college . you can not swing a bat back there without hit a college . you would get a job there in a second . audrey there be other factor involved . ( point ) T here they be now . ·. they pull up in front of fletcher 's building where fletcher and Max be wait . fletcher 's still review a file . as audrey get out of Jerry 's car , Max run over . audrey do you have fun ? how be the wrestle match ? fletcher Big fun . manly fun . be I right , maxie ? max ( half -heartedly ) it be fun .. · fletcher ( be : audrey ) so how be the wrestle match ? do you have fun ? jerry Max , my man ! my happy birthday man ! Max and Jerry exchange " fives " and 'a hug . Jerry give Max a light punch on the arm . jerry one-two-three-four-five ... and one for good luck . fletcher do you see that ? he strike the child ! max look what dad get I ! ( show the glove ) jerry whoa ! great ! I have my glove in the car . we will stop in the park on the way home and play c atch . then tonight we will oil it , wrap a rubber band around it . . . it will be great . ( to fletcher ) great birthday present , dad ! fletcher hate he . Jerry and Max go to Jerry 's car . fletcher ·. ( make a fist ) when be it he birthday ? audrey some thing 's come up . we need to talk . max Mom , let 's go . I want to play . audrey ( to fletcher ) we will talk tonight . · fletcher tonight ? audrey Max 's birthday ? fletcher ' oh , yeah , right . Seven . I know that . I do . I block it out week ago . the se ven tee not h of May . Max 's birthday . audrey it 's the eighteenth . fletcher the seventeenth of May be the day I .remind myself that the eighteenth be Max 's birthday . see you tonight . they drive away . int . miranda's office - night miranda , and fletcher 's new client , virginia cole , a allure woman in she early thirty / review the document he spend the previous·night put together . virginia this be good . this be really smart . fletcher thank you . virginia only i t ' 's . . . like not true . every word of it be a lie . fletcher and miranda exchange glance . virginia ( cont 'd ) I mean ... be not that a problem ? fletcher Mrs. Cole , the only problem here be that after you have provide year of faithful service and loving support , of raise he child -- they be he ? virginia h m ? oh yeah . one for sure . fletcher after all that , you husband want to deny you a fair share of the marital asset base on one single act of ] indiscretion -- virginia Seven . fletcher hm ? virginia Seven single act of indiscretion . fletcher -- Seven act of indiscretion , only one of which he have any evidence of , and all of which he himself be responsible , for . virginia he be ? fletcher Mrs. Cole , I stay up all night last night study you c ase . not just you case ... b ut you . and , by now , I feel I know you . you be the victim here . the wife of a cold , distant businessman . starve for affection , drive into the arm of another man - - virginia Seven . fletcher ( not miss a beat ) -- Seven .other man . you be not try to deny he what be be ig htf ull y he . all you be insist on be what be be ig htf ull y yours . and maybe a idgy - smidgy bit more . I think you be bend over backwards . virginia well , I do agree to give he j oint custody of the kid ... ( to miranda ) he 's always be a good father . fletcher and you have always be a good wife . virginia ( get work up ) yeah . . . fletcher there 's such a thing as be t oo nice . that 's why you need aggr essive representation . to show the court that there be more than one side to this st ory . all I be ask be the opportunity to see that justice be do on you behalf . ( take she hand ) will you give I that opportunity ? he stare into she eye . a moment , then ... virginia yes ! I ' m tired of get kick around . fletcher good for you ! virginia thank you , Mr. reid . I ' m so grateful I have a attorney I can trust . S he give he a hug and momentarily grab he ass . with a farewell nod to miranda , she leave . miranda turn , smile at fletcher , then shut the door . she move in on he . miranda you be good . you be really good . fletcher oh , pshaw . ( pronounce it with the " p " ) she pick a piece of lint off.his jacket . miranda N of , I mean it . the Cole case be worth a truckload of money to this firm , not to mention the press it 's go to g en er at e . you win this case and I guarantee you will make partner . ( straightening he tie ) actually , how would you like to make a partner right now ? fletcher Excuse I ? she grab he lapel and pull he in for a deep kiss . int , audrey and max's live room - night a party in progress , kindergartner be entertained by a man in a clown suit and clown make -up . clown ( singing ) Captain fuzzy be my name , make child happy be my game , with a shake and a juggle , and a big belt buckle , you will all be glad I come . ' he flop down on he back cause something in he pants to honk . audrey and Jerry watch . audrey ( indicate the clown ) what do you think ? jerry well , if you do not hire you brother , who will ? . she head into ... int . kitchen - continuous · jerry they call I again from B oston . they really want I there tomorrow . audrey . . . I can not go to Boston . jerry how come ? audrey Max . jerry he will love it there . audrey it 's fletcher . jerry fletcher ? audrey I can not move Max three thousand mile away from he father . jerry audrey , I have never say a bad word about you ex -- audrey I know . jerry but how much responsibility do fletcher take for Max , now ? he would never come over if you do not remind he . audrey I know . but if they be three thousand mile apart they will never see each other . fletcher will never come to Boston and how can I send Max cross - country to he ? . jerry so because you ex-husband be unreliable , we can not - ' - audrey I know , it 's not logical , it 's emotional . I be sorry . pause . jerry I still want to marry you . audrey be you sure ? Jerry pick up the phone , pull out a piece of paper , dial . jerry ( into phone ) Mr. crisitelli , Jerry she!ton ... I hope I be not call too late ... Mr. crisitelli , I be afraid I have to turn down you offer ..'. so be I . . . well , I have fall in love with this beautiful woman in L.A. and she do not want to leave and I will not leave without she ... well , thank you very much ... yes , good - bye . ( hang up ) he be not there , but that 's 1 the speech I would have make . she smile and kiss he . the phone ring . audrey answer . audrey hello ... intercut with : int . miranda's office - night a udrey fletcher , where be you ? we be get ready to cut the cake . fletcher urn , actually , something have come up . a problem on a new caaa -- . miranda bite one of fletcher 's nipple . F let che R a-h-h-h -! audrey what happen ? fletcher nothing . I just nail my ·knee into the desk ... listen , I be really sorry I can not ' make it . audrey Max be go to be so disappointed . fletcher I will make it up to he , I promise . I will pick he up from school tomorrow , okay ? audrey do you want I to put he on the phone ? miranda start " reeling in " the phone cord . fletcher ah , no . I have to go . audrey right . angrily , she hang up . fletcher stare unhappily at the phone , before miranda throws he back onto the couch . int . audrey and max's dine room - night we pan down from banner read happy birthday , max !. . . to a room full of guest ... to a desultory five - year-old . audrey finish lighting the candle on the homemade cake . audrey all right , birthday boy , make a wish . Max do not respond . audrey ( cont 'd ) c'mon , honey . it can be anything -- whatever you want most in the world . when he .do not respond , she lean down to he .. audrey ( cont 'd ) Max , you dad be sorry . he have to work . max he say he be come . he promise . audrey yes , well , he ... promise he will see you tomorrow . Max do not believe it . &lt ; he turn he full attention to the candle on the cake . in voice over we hear what she do not . max ( v.o. ) I wish , for just one day , dad could not tell a lie . he take a breath -- and blow out all the candle . a strange wind blow the drape and the wisp of smoke up , up , up ... to the clock on the wall . it 's 9:15 . CUT to : a clock on a wall . it 's 9:15 ' . we be -- int . miranda's office - night pan around miranda 's office , where the displace sofa be adorn with fletcher 's shoe ... to the credenza , where fletcher 's pants hang ... to the lamp , where fletcher 's short swing ... to the desk , where a ravish miranda lie next to fletcher . superbly confident of the answer , she ask -- miranda S of . . . be it good for you ? without think , fletcher respond in the most astonish way possible -- he tell the truth . fletcher I have have better . miranda turn to he in disbelief -- but it 's nothing compare to the look of SHOCK on fletcher 's face . int . hallway outside miranda's office - night the door open -- and the naked fletcher be forcefully kick out . he go tumbling over a desk as a rain of clothes follow . the door slam shut again , leave he without he pants . a cleaning lady stare at he in shock , then take she broom , aim for he crotch , swings.and . . . int . bedroom - friday morning a alarm clock ring . fletcher bolt up in bed . with regret and wonder he remember : fletcher " I have have better ? " int . fletcher' bathroom - morning fletcher brushes he tooth , look up at he reflection in the mirror , mouth foam . fletcher " I have have better ?! " int . hallway of fletcher' apartment build - morning dress for work , fletcher wait for the elevator . fletcher ( laugh it off ) " I have have better ? " I t arrive . he step in . int . apartment elevator - morning the elevator be empty , except for fletcher ... and a beautiful young woman . fletcher New in the building ? model I just move in Monday . fletcher ah. well , you must allow I to give you the grand tour . model ( she be interested ) o h? do you do that for all the new tenant ? fletcher no . just the one I want to bang like a drum . fletcher 's face register extreme SHOCK and ... int . lobby of apartment build - morning we hear a smack off camera and a ping as the elevator door open . the model storm off and a stunned fletcher step out , rub he freshly slap face . ext . courtroom - , morning a shaky fletcher stride toward the courthouse ... when he be accost by a beggar . beggar any change , mister ? . fletcher absolutely . but he continue walk . beggar could you spare some ? fletcher unquestionably . fletcher walk faster , puzzle that he have answer truthfully . the beggar be even more puzzle . beggar will you ? fletcher no . beggar how come ? fletcher because I resent you p be sen ce . you fill I with a unpleasant mixture of disgust and guilt . further , I do not believe you will use the money for food , but I believe you will use it for , at worst , drug , or , at best , whiskey , or . cigarettes . also , I be cheap . as fletcher head up the stair ... beggar jerkoff . int . courtroom - morning a wind fletcher join Virginia at the respondent 's table , virginia you look like you be have a rough morning . fletcher I have have better . he wince as he recognize the word . then , a extremely wealthy , respectable industrialist , richard cole enter with he attorney , dana appleton , young , brisk , confident . dana good morning , fletcher . fletcher dana . " richard all right , Virginia , how much will it take to put a end to this ? fletcher fifty per cent of you estate . Richard be shocked . dana fifty per cent ? with a pre - nup and proof of adultery ? what 's you case ? fletcher we case be simply this . . . fletcher open he mouth to enlighten she -- but he can't get the word out . he try to force out sound , but succeed only in look like a fish gasp on dry land . dana . interesting , though base on you track record , I expect a little more . near panic , fletcher whirl to he briefcase and grab the brief . fletcher .. wa it ! wait ! I have get it in write ! but when dana try to take the document , the astonished fletcher find himself physically unable to release it . dana let go ! fletcher I be try ! he involuntarily snatch the document away and it pull he to a nearby trash can where he throw it out . at this moment the bailiff call . bailiff all rise for the honorable judge William Stevens . dana very funny , fletcher . you want to play hardball , I be game . judge steven take the bench . judge steven Calling case BA 09395 , Richard Cole versus Virginia Cole . how're we do this morning , counsel ? dana Fine , thank you . judge steven and you , Mr. reid ? fletcher well , I be a little upset about a bad sexual episode I have last night -- fletcher screech to a standstill , suddenly aware of what he just say . after a awkward silence -- judge steven ( dryly ) well , you be still young . it will happen more and more . in the meantime , what do you say we get . down to business ? first , Mr. reid , I see that you client be previously represent by Mr. rand of you office . fletcher yes , you honor . judge steven I take it you be seek to substitute in as counsel ? fletcher yes , you honor . judge steven Fine , fine . and for the record , the reason be ? fletcher Mr. rand have severe ethical objection to my client 's case . fletcher be incredulous . somehow he great asset in the world , he mouth , have become he worst enemy . judge steven I take it you do not share the same ethical objection , Mr. reid ? fletcher I have lower standard , you honor . judge steven I see . well , if Mrs. Cole want the substitution of counsel , I will allow it . be that what you want , Mrs. Cole ? Virginia look to the judge , then to fletcher , whose unorthodox syle seem so brilliant earlier . virginia ( unsure ) yes ? judge steven Fine . virginia ( aside , to fletcher ) what be you do ? fletcher ( worried ) . I do not know . ( to judge , with some desperation ) you honor , I ' d like a continuance ! judge steven " this case have already be delay several time , Mr. reid . fletcher I realize that , you honor , but I ' d really , really , really like a continuance . judge steven I will have to hear good cause , counselor . what 's the problem ? fletcher be p.o.v . the room begin to spin slowly -- then faster -- then faster -- until we wind up squarely on -- fletcher' face fletcher I can not lie ! judge steven ( impatient ) commendable , Mr. reid , but I be still wait for the good caus e. now , do you have it or . not ? ' fletcher ( truthful ) not . judge steven motion for a continuance deny . be there any chance of a settlement in this case ? dana I do not think so , you honor . Mr. reid make it abundantly clear that the last thing in the world he want be to -- fletcher ( desperate ) settle ! settle ! settle ! dana and Mr. Cole look at fletcher with surprise . judge steven there appear to have be a change in strategy . let 's go to my chamber and negotiate . he bang the gavel . int . judge stevens' chamber - morning dana and a apprehensive fletcher sit before the judge dana you honor , under the term of the prenuptual agreement , if Mrs . Cole commit adultery , she be entitle to nothing . we have in we possession a audiotape make by a license private investigator of a explicit act of sexual congress with a man who be not she husband . judge steven sound pretty damn , Mr. reid . fletcher it certainly do . dana however , my client have no desire to see he ex- wife destitute . against my advice , he 's willing to offer she a cash settlement of . two point four million dollar . judge steven two four seem like a pretty fair offer , Mr. reid . fletcher fantastically fair . phenominally fair . in fact , I would say beyond fair , border on stupid . dana fume . the judge find fletcher 's boldness refresh . judge steven what be you suggest , Mr. rei d? that Ms. appleton 's willingness to proffer such a offer betray a lack of faith in she position ? fletcher ( utterly sincere ) no , not at all . she 's get my client dead to rights . when attorney go to sleep at night , they dream of have a case as strong as hers . dana can the sarcasm , reid . all right , I admit it -- I have see you make even the lamest case fly . but this time I have you . even clarence darrow could not explain this away . she brandish the audiotape . judge samioan wel l , Mr. reid ? without a dynamite explanation , I would say you be dead in the water . how 's you client 's story ? fletcher the best that money can buy , y of u be honor . · judge steven strong corroborate evidence ? fletcher we have evidence that you be not go to-believe . despite herself , dana be beginning to look worried . judge steven you be pretty confident how this trial be go to come out , eh , Mr. reid ? fletcher ( hopeless ) . " confident " be too weak a word , you honor . I be certain what will happen if I take this puppy to trial . the verdict will be a stun , humiliate defeat that will cut a spectacularly promise legal career off at the knee . fletcher be refer to himself , of course , but dana think he 's speak about she . she buckle . dana all right ! double the offer ! four point eight ! and not a penny more . ( venomous , to fletcher ) bastard ! she storm out , leave a astound fletcher behind . judge steven you be some negotiator , Mr. reid . if you client have half a brain , she will jump at the offer . CUT to : virginia no ! we be -- int . courtroom - morning fletcher have join Virginia at the respondent 's table fletcher no ? ! Mrs. Cole , this offer be a miracle . I be talk about a walk - on - water , lazarus - rise - from - the -dead , find -no-line -at-the -friggin '- dmv miracle ! you have go from two point four to four point eight million in ... ( check he watch ) four minute . think of it this way -- now you be get pay seven hundred thou per schtupp ! · · · virginia Mr. reid , you convinced I yesterday -- I be the victim here , starve for affection , drive into the arm of another man - - fletcher Seven ! · virginia -- Seven other man . with the story you come up with , I do not think I can lose . I want to proceed . fletcher Mrs. Cole , you do not ·. understand , I -- but before fletcher can finish , the judge enter . judge steven well , Mr. reid . do we have a settlement ? fletcher look pleadingly at he client , but she be firm . he shake he head unhappily . the judge be irritate . judge steven ( cont 'd ) th ere ' 's no settlement . Trial to start at one - thirty sharp . he bang the gavel . fletcher emit a involuntary whimper . int . hallwway of law office - morning da zed , fletcher make he way down the hall . Jane come toward he wear a hairstyle that resemble a nest . he try to avoid she , but ... jane what do you think ? fletcher . I think you need help . horrifi ed , fletcher hurry on . the heavyset Thomas ambulate in he way . · - · thomas what 's shakin ' , fletcher ? fletcher you cellulite , tubster . the now panicked fletcher break into a run , pass Fred . fred hiy a , fletcher . how 's the Cole case go ? fletcher ( not stop ) ' straight into the crapper , you wuss , with my career right behind it . p fletcher be running now , covering he ear and singing loudly so as not to hear other employee ' greeting ... fletc her la-la-la-la-la-la !! fletcher speed past -- · greta hi , boss . what 's happen with -- fletcher don 't ask ! for GOD be sake , please don 't ask ! -- and race into he office . I not . fletcher' office - morning he lean against the door , try to catch he breath . · fletcher , ( pacing ) do not panic . you can beat this -- it 's all a matter of willpower . he dive for he desk and rifle through it . FL ET ch er a test . . . something small ... aha ! he hold up a blue pen . fletcher ( cont 'd ) red. Red . all right . focus , ( with great deliberation ) the color of this pen be · r-- . r--. R - -! the color of this pen be -- blue ! aaaahh ! ( bury he head ) ahhhh ! one ' tiny lie and I can not say it !! ( suddenly sit up ) ' I will write .it ! he take a sheet of paper , he pen and write " this pen i 's . . . " he try to write a " R " but can not . he strain . S tr ain S harder . he 's out of he chair , on the desk . his foot kick over object on the shelf 'behind he . he finally force pen to paper . he look down where he write inadvertently : " this pen be blue . " F le tc he R no , no , no , no , no ! ! ! ! greta enter to find -- fletcher run around the office , shaking the blue pen in the air . greta boss , what 's wrong ? fletcher . the pen be blue !! the pen be . b l u e ! ! the goddamn pen be blue !!! almost weep , he collapse into a chair . a moment -- then greta tentatively offer he a red pen . greta Red ? fletcher ( bitter ) oh , that 's easy for you to say ?! greta be you all right ? fletcher ( get up ) I have to go home . greta Home ? be the case settle ? fletcher no . I have to be in court at one-thirty . greta well , then how can you . go home ? fletcher I do not know , I do not know !!! greta okay . ( walk on egghhells ) before I forget -- rubin and dun n call . they want to know where the darvis settlement offer stand . fletcher I only propose a settlement t of dick with they . I never have any intention of go th ro ug h with it . . not certain why she boss would . shoot himself in the foot , greta nonetheless jot down he remark . greta '· ... dick with they . " okay . you accountant , Philip , call to remind you about get together . . fletcher I would rather shave my ass and sit in vinegar .. greta ( jotting down a note ) get it . and you mother call again . be you still on vacation ? fletcher ( emphatically nodd " yes " ) no . greta so then you be here ? fletcher ( emphatically shaking he head " no " ) yes . greta I ' m have a little trouble follow you . what do I say to you mom ? fletcher ( resigned ) tell she I be a thoughtless son who would rather spend ten hour clogging the wheel of justice than five minute talk to she -- but only if she ask . you. might also add that she deserve better , though I hope to God you do not . greta thanks for clear that up . and that 's it , except you ex call and ask when you be cow over to see you son . fletcher ( remembers ) ohh ! i'm such a shit !! he react , particularly stunne by this truth . int . volvo - moving / fletcher' office - morning audrey be drive Max , who wear he new baseball uniform when she cellular phone ring . she pick it up . we intercut between car and office . fletcher audrey -- audrey ' hey , fletcher . T be wonder if you be go to still pick up Max after school today . fletcher I do not think I can . I have a case I be certain would settle and it do not . I have to go to trial this afternoon , God help I . audrey ( not believe he ) right . fletcher it 's true ... I really do want to see Max , today . fletcher consider what he just say , realize it be true . fletcher ( cont 'd ) how about that . I really do . audrey ( cynically ) but thing keep come up at the last minute . fletcher yes , but - this time it 's different . audrey I see . and how be that ? . · fletcher ( he walk into it ) this time I be tell the truth . audrey but last night you be not ? fletcher no . audrey what be you do ? fletcher have sex . audrey ( barely hold she temper ) , it must have be with someone very " special . " fletcher no . it be with someone I do not even like . but I think it would help my career and at the moment that seem more important than attend my son 's birthday ! a U D R ey m y God !! she slam down the phone . int . fletcher' office fletcher bang the phone against he head in frustration ! '. fletcher a h h h h h h ! ! I what be wrong with I I ! I E X T . fulgham kindergarten - morning the volvo park . audrey get out . she lean over to say good - bye to she son . , . max be dad pick I up ? audrey no , I be sorry , Max . he can not make it . I will . I will work it out . Max be disappointed . max I guess my wish do not come · true . audrey what wish ? max I wish that , for just one day , dad could not tell a lie . Max head toward he teacher . audrey be deeply move . int . fletcher' office he 's dial the phone . fletcher answer , answer , answer ... intercut with audrey' car audrey hello . fletcher audrey , let I explain . something have happen to I -- audrey fletcher , something else be about to happen to you . fletcher . what do you mean ? audrey Max and I be move to Boston . fletcher what ?! audrey Jerry ask I to marry he . he want Max and I to fly with he this weekend to pick out a house . and I be go to go . God know I do not have any reason to stay here . fletcher ( panic ) . wait , you can not move ! if you take Max away ... I will practically never see he . audrey well then you will have pretty much the same relationship you have with he now . fletcher audrey , please .... be this because of what I just say on the phone ? audrey that be the straw and this be the camel 's back say goodbye . fletcher where be you ? audrey head home . fletcher when you gee there , stay there . I will be right over . we have to talk . audrey fletcher -- fletcher I will be right - there ! he hang up and head for the door . it open and miranda enter . fletcher ( cont 'd ) aaaah ! miranda flet cher . fletcher , fletcher , fletcher . I must confess -- after last night 's incident , I be . . . hurt . so hurt . I be tempt to do whatever little thing lie in my power to scuttle you chance of make partner . fletcher be frightened . miranda ( cont 'd ) but then I think , " no , that 's not fair . fletcher do not mean to insult I . " ( straightening he tie ) " it be just some massive , bonehead misunderstanding , and fletcher be very , very sorry . " fletcher smile . it look like he 's off the hook , until - - miranda ( cont 'd ) be not that right , fletcher ? fletcher ( in agony ) uh -- not really , no . miranda ( stunne , angry ) N of ? no ?! what be you sayi no ? have you no respect for I ?! fletcher none , whatsoever . I mean , I ' d like to respect you , and if it be not for you mistreatment of the associate , you rudeness to the staff , and the fact that you work suck , I would . m iranda but -- what about last night ? fletcher I be afraid you would not support my partnership if I turn you down . plus , I have a immature need for sexual conquest . int . hallway of law office - morning W e hear a smack ! the door fly open -- and a furious miranda stalk off . · int . fletcher' office - morning fletcher rub he freshly slapped faci .. int . BMW - moving / ext , STREET - morning fletcher speed away . he pull the blue pen from he pocket . fletcher gotta focus . . . gotta focus . he 's so preoccupy that he speed through a crosswalk and almost hit a old man . fletcher the color of the pen be -- be d ! . but he have not regain the ability to lie -- he 's refer to the red light he just run , nearly collide with a truck . the driver scream : driver what 's you problem , schmuck ?! fletcher ( the truth ) I ' m a inconsiderate prick ! fletcher once again focus on the blue pen . fletcher ( con " id ) C 'mon , you can do this ! the color of the pen be -- red ! this time he 's refer to the flash red light of a police car in he rearview mirror . fletc her S hi t !! fletcher pull over . a police officer stroll up . police officer do you know why I stop you ? fletcher depend on how long you be follow I . police officer why do not we take it from the top . fletcher · ( in agony ) here go -- I do not fasten my seatbelt , I do not glance in my rearview mirror , I do not signal when I pull away from the curb , I sped , I follow too closely , I run a stop sign , I almost hit :a chevy camaro , I almost hit a ge ezer , I sped some more , I fail to yield at a crosswalk , I change lane in the intersection , I change lane without signal , and I change lane in the intersection -without signal while run a red light and speed . a long moment . police officer May I see you driver 's license ? fletcher no . police officer and why be that ? fletcher it 's in my other pants . police officer I see . and where be you · other pants ? fletcher hanging from my boss 's credenza . police officer do you expect I to believe that ? fletcher no . police officer do you think I be a idiot ? fletcher yes -- but that 's beside the point ! my license actually be in my other pants , and they actually be hang from a credenza J I would not lie to you ! I mean , I would if I could , but I can not ! police officer I see . so you ..have no reason to try and hide you license from I ? fletcher I do not say that . I have other reason . seventeen reason , to be precise . ( begrudgingly , off the officer 's look ) unpaid parking ticket . ( beseechingly ) be gentle . ext . audrey' house - morning a cab speed up to the house . fletcher run out . audrey be head to she car . fletcher audrey , wait ! audrey wait ? you know , I just have a insight into myself . I ' m crazy . you call I up and . tell I to wait here because you will be right over and -- here 's the crazy part -- I actually wait . fletcher I can explain -- audrey I miss a department meeting . i. . . do you come in a cab ? fletcher yes . audrey where 's you car ? ext , police impound yard - morning audrey finish pay the impound - yard cashier and join fletcher , who be wait alongside hundred of tow car . fletcher thank you . . I can not tell you how much this mean to I . audrey I can . one thousand , six hundred , and fifty - four dollar and eleven cent . fletcher ow . at this moment we hear a hideous scraping noise -- and a tow - yard employee whip fletcher 's BMW into view and . park ... revealing a prominent new scrape on the door . fletcher ( cont 'd ) you scratch my car ! tow -yard employee where ? . fletcher right there ! tow - yard employee oh that ? that be already there . fletcher ( outraged ) why , you -- you liar ! do you know what I ' m go to do about this ? tow -yard employee what ? fletcher ( angrier and angrier ) ... nothing ! because if I take you to small - claim court , it will just drain eight hour out of my life , and you probably will not show up , and if I finally get the judgment you would just stiff I anyway , so what I be gonna do be piss and moan like a impotent jerk and . then bend over and take it up the tail pipe ! tow -yard employee you have be here before , have not you ? he flip fletcher the key and go . audrey well I can not remember when I have have more fun , now if you will excuse I , I have a class . she start out . fletcher audrey , wait . I want to talk to you about this Boston situation . . audrey what do you want to say ? fletcher you can not go . it 's not fair . take Max three thousand mile away be not fair . audrey let ' 's define " fair . " last · night a five - year old boy be crush because he father lie to he about come to he birthday party . Fair ? fletcher last night -- audrey -- be none of my business . when it happen two year ago it be my business , but now I do not have to care anymore . see , that 's the magic of div orce . but it do matter to Max . everything you do matter to he ... and everything you do not do . fletcher all right -- now let I tell you something ... you be absolutely right . I be guilty of all charge . I be throw myself on the mercy of you - court . audrey do not know what to say . fletcher seem very sincere , but she can not trust he . fletcher { cont 'd ) I have a idea . I will come over tonight , right after court let out and play with m ax . have he invite some fri end over . we will have a game and everything . then , you and I can sit down and talk . audrey we be suppose to be on a plane tonight -- fletcher no , audrey . just talk to I about t this first . please . au drey , I have lose you . do not make I lose Max , too . audrey you be really come ? fletcher this be iron-clad . this be the mother of all promise . what time ? audrey ... six ? fletcher ten-to-six . au dr ey ( unsure ) all right ... only if I tell Max you be come and you do not show up and I have to see that look on Max 's face -- that heartbreaking look -- it 's Boston , fletcher . fletcher . I will be there . as audrey get in she car -- . audrey I hope so . do you know what you son be do at nine - fif teen las t no ght ? he be make a wish on he birthday c ake . he be wishing that , for just one day , he dad could not tell a lie . she drive away . fletcher start for he car , pensive , when a new think strike he . fletcher oh my God ! that - 's it ! a innocent kid - - a heartfelt plea - - a birthday wish ! sure , it ' 's impossible -- but it ' make sense !..! if he can wish it , he can unwish it ! int . elementary school hallway fletcher march quickly down the hall , cake box under he arm . int . max's kindergarten CLASS Ms. Berry 's read a story when fletcher enter . Max brighten . max dad ! ms . berry be you Max 's dad ? I ' m Ms. Berry , Max 's teacher ! fletcher hi. listen , I need to talk to max -- ms. berry Mr. reid , we be just talk ab ou t career . you be a lawyer , be not you ? fletcher ( wary ) yes . max Mr. reid it ' would be wonderful for the child to hear something positive about lawyer ! fletcher well , actually -- · ms. berry Children ! . Mr. reid be go to tell we what it 's like to be a lawyer . she lead the kid in applause . fletcher take center 's tage . the child stare , rapt with attenion . fletcher uh , hi . uh , I be a lawyer and I work at a big law firm with a lot of other lawyer and I do stuff in a law court . thank you . he start out . ms. berry one moment , Mr. reid . maybe some of the child have question ( hand shoot up ) Jeffrey ? jeff what kind of lawyer be you ? fletcher mostly , I ' m a divorce lawyer . billy what 's that ? fletcher it mean if you be daddy leave you mommy , he would call I . craig so what do you do ? fletcher ( grow more and more impatient ) I help people fight over they money and they child . theodore can not they fight without you ? fletcher ' " they could but then J would not make a live . jill why would my daddy leave my mommy ? fletcher to marry a young woman . to escape a loveless marriage and have cheap meaningless sex . to cling to a illusion of youth as he body give way to sore back , flat foot , spare tire , gum disease , hair loss , liver spot , kidney stone , clogge artery , diabete , goiter and eventual death . the kid eye go wide . a moment , then : ms. berry ( brightly ) well , I think it 's time for fingerpaint . ext . playground - day they be in the playground just outside the classroom . fletcher monster-max . max dadzilla . you come to play catch ? fletcher no . I ' d like to , but I can not right now . Max be disappointed again . fletcher ( cont 'd ) I ' m sorry I miss you party la st night . how be you uncle Glen ? max stupid . his big nose and stupid orange hair ... fletcher that 's why he should have wear make -up . fletcher elbow Max , playfully , try to induce a laugh . Max do not laugh . ' max . I want to play kickball with my friend . - fletcher yeah , okay , urn ... you mother tell I about ... the wish you make last night . it come true . Max be amaze . max really ? you mean you have to tell the truth ? fletcher yes . max no matter what ? fletcher no matter what . Max grin -- then suddenly ask , in rapid succession . max be wrestle real ? fletcher in the Olympic , yes . on . Channel 23 , no . max will sit close to the tv set make I go blind ? fletcher not in a million year . max if I keep make this face -- ( make a horrible face ) will it get stick that way ? fletcher uh-uh . max . if I go in the water right after lunch , will I drow ? fletcher only if you can not ' swim . max why do I have to eat squash ? fletcher because you mom busy it . max how come you be always too busy to play with I ? the sudden shift in tone startles fletcher . he feel awful . fletcher I . . . I do not know . I ' m . . . hey , you know I be come over to nig ht . we be gonna play together . max Baseball ? fletcher . yes ! this be absolutely a a-number one promise . you and I -- tonight -- baseball . fletcher and Max do they ritual " five " slap . fletcher now , listen , Max , I need a favor from you . I ' m in a little trouble today . I need you to take that wish back . max so you can lie ? fletcher not to you . max to who ? fletcher Max , sometimes grownup ... need to lie . it 's hard to explain , but i for . . . look , here 's a example . when mommy be pregnant with you , she gain a little weight . se venty pound . I think she be gonna give birth to a car . but she would say to I " how do I lo ok ? " so I would say , " oh , honey , you be beautiful , you be glow . 11 otherwise , I would have hurt mommy 's fee ling s. understand ? Max nod . max you do not think she be beautiful . fletcher right. no ... Max , I do not know how to get along in the grow - up world if I have to stick to the truth . I could lose my case , I could lose my promotion , I could even lose , my job ... do you understand ? Max shake he head " no . " fletcher ( cont 'd ) will you help I anyway ? a moment -- then Max reluctantly nod . fletcher ( cont 'd ) that 's my boy ! fletcher open the box , revealing a cake and candle .... he take out two birthday hat . he put one on Max and one on himself . fletcher ( cont 'd ) now , do whatever you do last night ... only this time , make a un-wish . not really happy , Max turn to the candle on the cake . he take a breath -- and blow they out . max I do it . ^ fletcher great ! great ! now to test -- · fletcher spot a attractive female teacher . fletcher hurry to she and say something . a moment . then she slap he . fletcher return to he son . max do it work ? fletcher . . ( rub he sore cheek ) not like I ' d hope . do you really unwish it ? Max nod . max only ... fletcher only what ? max yesterday , when I wish it , I be ea lly mean it . this time when I unwish it I only do it ' cause you tell I to . fletcher ( lose patience ) well , then do it again . only this time , mean it . max I can not . fletcher why not ?! max because I do not want you to lie . fletcher I explain this to you ! I have to lie . everybody lie ! mommy lie , even the wonderful Jerry lie -- ' max but you be the only one who make I feel bad . . ' . · · fletcher be stunne by how much this hurt . ms. berry ( calling ) Max , recess ' be over , come on in . max I have to go . fletcher I be come over , tonight , Max . you believe I , do not you ? Max hesitates , then nod . fletcher ( cont 'd ) I will see you tonight , buddy ... that 's a promise . Max head back to class . fletcher pick up the cake , look at it , then dump it in a trash barrel . ext . skyscraper - day a worried and preoccupy fletcher be head toward he office building when a macho attorney pass by . macho attorney yo , fletcher ! how 's it hang ? fletcher short and shrivel . fletcher hurry up the step when he spot Philip . he shield he face with he briefcase . Philip recognize he anyway . philip fletcher ! I be still wait for you call . I guess you must have lose my card -- fletcher no -- philip or my phone be busy -- fletcher no -- · philip or you just forget -- fletcher no -- philip ( can not be discouraged ) or something . so anyway , ' why do not you swing by my place around seven-thirty ! Philip start off , when fletcher call after he resolutely . fletcher Philip ... I do not want to come over to you house ! a long moment , then -- philip fi n e ! we will go out ! there 's this new karaoke bar I have be die to try . I will pick you up at you office ! Seven - thirty ! ! and he run off . frustrate , fletcher hurry on . int . office be - day fletcher drag himself past greta 's desk . miranda give he the stink -eye . fletcher do not see she . greta do you want you message ? fletcher no . he go into he office . greta be concerned . she follow he in , leave he door open . int . fletcher' office - continuous fletcher collapse onto he couch . greta enter . greta be you okay ? fletcher my son hate I . greta no ! he love you . I have see y ou together . you be he hero . fletcher o h yeah ? last night at he birthday party , he make a ·wish . that I would not be able to tell a lie for one whole day . greta kid ... fletcher it come true . greta what ? fletcher it 's true . do not it seem odd to you that I keep tell the truth all morning ? greta well , yeah , but ... ( incredulous ) you be tell I that you can not lie . fletcher that 's right ! I be incapable of lie . int . outer office miranda be ' eavesdropp . a wick gleam in she eye , int . fletcher' office greta just today ? fletcher apparently until 9:15 tonight . it 's a twenty - four hour curse . greta yes , that be go around . fletcher you do not believe I . greta of course not . fletcher go ahead . ask I something I ' d normally lie about . she think . greta a will right . remember a few month ago , I want a raise -- fletcher ( quickly ) forget it . let 's not do this . greta -- and the firm would not . give I one . and I ask you if you would give it to I out of you own pocket and you say the company would not permit it because it create jealousy among the other secretary ? be that true or do you just not want to pony up the dough ? int . outer office greta be empty all she personal effect into box . she 's leave . fletcher be on the phone and look very harras , sed . fletcher greta , please ... ( into phone ) yes judge Stevens , hi !.. fletcher reid . I ' m schedule to be in you court in half - an-hour ... judge Stevens , I badly , badly need a continuance . . . so I can go home and stay there the rest of the day ...111 ? be I ill ? he want to say " yes " , but he can not . fletcher in a way . ( cover the mouthpiece ) please , lie to he for I . greta hold up a frame photograph . greta I remember when you . buy I t hi 's silver frame . from Tiffany 's . ( questioning ) . . . Tiffany 's ? fletcher jumbo 's House of junk . she thrpws it in the trash and keep pack . fletcher ( cont 'd ) I will give you the raise ! greta ( give he the finger ) here 's you raise . fletcher ( into phone ) hi , judge Stevens ?... yes , I know I have not give you a reason . the phone ring . fletcher ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) but if you could just do this for I , I -- the phone will not stop ringing . . · ' fletcher ( cont 'd ) hold on , please , ( push two button ) hello ... Mom !! the phone fly into the air . he catch it . fletcher { cont 'd ) Mom ... well , I be not actually on vacation ... because I do not want to talk to you ... because you insist on talk to I about dad 's bowel movement -- size , color , frequency ... I will call you later ... no , not really . he push - two more button . then scream . fletcher ( cont 'd ) oh dammit ! I cut he off ! I cut off the judge ! greta ... he fall to he knee . fletcher ( cont 'd ) I be on my knee in a nine hundred dollar suit . do not leave . greta stop . she seem to consider . greta a few year ago a friend of mine have a burglar up on she roof . fletcher yes ? greta .. a burglar . - he fall through the kitchen skylight and land on a cut board on a butcher 's knife , cut he l e g . he sue my friend . the burglar sue my friend . thanks to guy like you -- he win . my friend have to pay he six thousand dollar . be that justice ? fletcher no. . . but what ' 's you poijit ! greta my point be , it 's hard to get justice . but this be justice , ( pinch he cheek ) have a nice day in court , bubbie . she leave . fletcher start to give chase ... fletcher greta -- he run directly into miranda . fletcher aaaah ! miranda smile like a cat that 's trap a mouse . miranda ah , fletcher , so nice to bump i nto you . be you busy ? fletcher extremely . miranda good . would you follow I , please ? highly nervous , fletcher follow miranda down the hall . miranda ( cont 'd ) fletcher , do you know that the partnership committee be be head up by Mr. allan himself ? ( off he wary nod ) say , you use to work directly for Mr. allan , do not you ? ( off he wary nod ) tell I , what do you think of he ? fletcher ( helpless ) he 's a pedantic , pontificate , pretentious bastard , a belligerent old fart , a worthless , steaming pile of cow dung . miranda ( grinning ) how delightful ! she swing open a door , ushere fletcher into -- int . conference room - day the room be fill with attorney , include mr . allan , the founder himself . fletcher freeze . miranda pardon I for interrupt you , meeting . Mr. allan , you remember fletcher reid . · mr. allan · it 's good to see you again , fletcher . '. a involuntary whimper from fletcher . miranda oh , that 's right . you use to work together . . tell I , what do you think of Mr. Allah ? fl etc he be gulp . this be it . his career be history . he 's try to hold it back , but -- miranda I say ... what do you think of Mr. allan ? fletcher . he 's a pedantic , pontificate , pretentious bastard , a belligerent old fart , a worthless , steaming pile of cow dung . do a silence . then -- Mr. allan burst into raucous laughter . he be join by everyone except miranda , who look on , stunned . everyone pound the table in hysterics . mr. allan marvelous ! marvelous ! that 's what I love most about this firm -- the collegial atmosphere , the hearty good - fellowship ! miranda be incense . mr. allan ( cont 'd ) and thanks for that flower for my anniversary . my wife love they . fletcher well , I be due in court ... bye - bye . int . hallway - continuous fletcher exit the conference , close the door , breathes a sigh of relief , then faint . . int . courtroom close up of fletcher , seat alone at a table . his hand be on he -face . he look totally daze . at the other table , sit dana appleton and Mr. Cole . bailiff all rise . they do . judge Stevens enter . he sit . everyone sit . judge steven counselor , be we ready to begin ? fletcher ( eagerly and a little too loudly ) N of sir ! we be not ready to b eg in . my client have not arrive . the door OPEN and Virginia Cole enter with she child and a nanny . fletcher · . -- until now . he collapse into he chair . ( to falk , with determination ) do you and Mrs. Cole ever make lo -- forni - - roll in the h -- make the beast with two ba -- do you two ever fu - - fu -- fu ! he begin to hyperventilate . Virginia turn to falk . virginia wate r! get he water ! falk hurry into the building as fletcher hack on . fletcher fu -- fu -- / virginia S it down ! get some air ! ( slap he on the back ) try to relax ! breathe deeply ! falk hurry out with a cup , hand it to fletcher , who downs it in one gulp -- then spew it out again , scream in pain . - virginia ( cont 'd ) W hat ?! what ?! falk I could not find any water , so I get he coffee ! fletcher run up and down the step , frantically fan h be scald mouth . the bailiff appear . bailiff judge be take the bench . fletcher 's expression turn to terror . int . courtroom - day the judge settles in . Mr. allan and a smug miranda look on from the gallery . judge steven you may proceed , Mr. reid . . everyone turn to fletcher in anticipation . in a voice quaking with fear ... virginia sorry . one of the kid throw up in the car . Virginia take she seat , leave she two young child sit dejectedly in the gallery with they nanny . fletcher ( incredulous whisper ) you bring you kid . . . to you divorce ? virginia ( by way of explanation ) Sympathy . fletcher well , it 's work . I feel sorry for they already . the judge bang the gavel . judge steven Ms. appleton , you may begin . CUT to : dana appleton question bryson , a private investigator . fletcher watch with mount anxiety , nervously drink from a glass of water at he table . bryson ( refer to he note ) -- from March six through June twelve , I surveille Mrs. Cole at the behest of Mr. Cole . during that period , I note that Mr. Cole leave each day between seven-forty and seven - fifty . thereafter , Mrs. Cole would frequently have a male visitor arrive and stay for one to four hour . I be able to take several photograph of the male visitor . he show a photo - - of for a strapping hunk . fletcher take a huge drink . . dana I see . and do you .know what Mrs. Cole and she male visitor do during they frequent ... visit ? bryson well , they be pretty good about keep the shade draw -- but I sure be able to hear . I make a audiotape of one such . , " session . " h e hand she the tape . fletcher refill he glass . dana with the Court 's permission , I would like to play the tape . fletcher you honor , I object ! judge steven and why be that , Mr. reid ? fletcher ( can not help himself ) because it 's devastating to my ·case . the judge be startle by he candor . judge steven overrule .. as dana pop the tape into a player , fletcher anxiously downs the glass . periodically cutting to Virginia , Mr. Cole , Dan and the thirsty fletcher , we hear Virginia and she visitor engage in intense physical activity . male visitor ( o.s. ) so , what do you say ? you ready ? virginia ( o.s. ) oh boy be I ready . male visitor ( o.s. ) good . let I help you off with that . come on , lie down . virginia ( o.s. ) wai t a minute . do you have protection ? male visitor ( o . S . ) right here . okay , now I ' m gonna show you something new . virginia ( o . S . ) oh , I have never do it like this before . .·. male visitor ( o.s. ) do not worry , you can take it . oh yeah . that 's it . there you go . yes ! yes ! we hear labor rhythmic breathe . male visitor ( o.s ) ( cont 'd ) yes , yes , yes -- as dana fast - forward again , then resume ... with still more labor breathe , building intensity and -- male visitor ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) oh yeah , bring it on .home -- yes ! yes ! yes ! virginia ( o.s. ) yes ! yes ! yes ! the groan reach they incredible climax . there 's a still moment . . . as the shy court reporter , the macho bailiff and the no - nonsense judge all mop they brow , dana shut off the tape . she turn to fletcher with a satisfied smile . dana you witness . fletcher no question . judge steven no question ? . virginia no question ? fletcher ( afraid to ask any ) no question . dana ( triumphant ) petitioner rest . judge steven all right , Mr. reid . you may proceed . fletcher ( to himself ) how ?! gather he courage , he stand , downs the last of he water , and move to the lecturn . he 's about to speak ... when a wonderful feeling sweep through he . after a momement , he grin . fletcher ( cont 'd ) would the Court be willing to grant I a short bathroom break ? judge steven it can not wait ? fletcher not unless you want to mop up . judge steven ( frustrate ) all right , but get back in here immediately so .we can finish this . fletcher beam . then necessity compel he to race out . int . rest room - day fletcher stand before the urinal , take the longest leak i n legal history . relief . then , he look at he watch . it 's only 4:15 . ' fletcher what do I think ? that I could piss for forty - five minute ?! he hit he forehead in frustration ... and get a idea . he hit himself again and again , smashes he head into the wall , poke himself in the eye , yank on he ear , finally knock himself in the stall , where he continue he attack . a man enter , hear a commotion from behind the stall door . man what 's go on in - there ? fletcher ( o . S . ) I ' m abuse myself ! do you mind ?! the man look disgust . he carefully leave the room . int . courtroom - day the judge be pissed . suddenly the bailiff help in the severly beat fletcher . the entire courtroom be shocked . bailiff I find he like this in the bathroom . somebody beat the hell out of he . judge steven who do this ? fletcher ( truthfully ) a madman , you honor . . a desperate fool at the end of he pitiful.rope . judge steven - what do he look like ? fletcher ( describe himself ) about five eleven , hundred eighty - five pound , craze look in he eye . judge steven bailiff , have the deputy search the building . a hubbub rise . he bang the gavel . judge steven ( cont 'd ) under the circumstance , I have no choice but to recess this case until tomorrow morning at nine . fletcher smile serenly -- until -- judge steven ( cont 'd ) -- unless , of course , you think you can still proceed ? fletcher cover he mouth in a desperate attempt to avoid answer , but he can not repress the truth . judge steven ( cont 'd ) can you ? fletcher yes , I can . judge steven splendid . I admire you courage , Mr. reid . I will give you a few minute to compose yourself , and then we will get start . fletcher look as if he have just be sentence to death . ext . courthouse step - day fletcher sit on the courthouse step , miserable . phone ring . fletcher hello . intercut with max at home . audrey be there . max dad ... fletcher ( summoning up enthusiasm ) maxi-pad . how 's it go ? max great . you know Paul and emanuel from across the street ? fletcher the twin . max . ( excitedly ) well , they never want to play baseball with I , but I tell they I be gonna play tonight with my dad , so now they want to play with we . be it okay ? fletcher sure . max oh boy . we be set up a whole field in the yard . where we bury petey the hamster be second base . ( fletcher sigh ) you be still come right ? ' fletcher ( see Virginia approaching ) I '11 be there . I gotta go now , Max . I will see you in two hour . Max hang up . max ( to audrey ) he 's really come . she smile , but she 's worried . . courthouse step · Virginia approach with she handsome lover , laurence falk . virginia Mr. reid , you remember laurence falk , the man from the tape . falk how be you ? fletcher I have slip into the seventh circle of Hell , thank you , and you ? Virginia exchange a anxious look with falk . virginia should not we go over we testimony ? fletcher well , basically the plan be I walk you through the tape step by step , I ask you question -- virginia and we give the explanation you come up with . fletcher exactly . falk so all we have to do be lie . sound simple enough . fletcher do es not it ? and I will finish up with a dramatic series of question , something like ... " Mr. falk , be not it true that you and Mrs. Cole have never make lo - - " but fletcher gag . he can't get the question out . the other look concerned , but he wave they off . flethcer ( cont 'd ) sorry . I be fine . " Mr. falk , be not it true that you and Mrs . Cole have never make lo -- io - . h to he horror , he gag again , .unable to form the word . fletcher ( to himself ) oh my God ! I can not do it ! I can not finish the question if I know the answer be a lie ! at this moment miranda and Mr. allan come up the step . mr. allan do not let I interrupt , fletcher . I just want you to know I will be observe this a fternoon . miranda insisted I see you in action . fletcher shoot a hateful look at miranda . she smile . mr. allan ( cont 'd ) I be look forward to it . go get them ! Mr. allan and miranda head into the building , leave fletcher more desperate than before . fletcher c'mon ! gotta rephrase the question ! fletcher respondent call ... lawrence falk . fletcher 's clear he throat . here go ... fletcher Mr. falk , do you know my client , Virginia Cole ? falk yes . fletcher be not it true that you relationship with my client be entirely platonic , not ? the " not " be involuntary . it take everyone by surprise . falk Excuse I ? fletcher if I might rephrase you honor. ( try again ) be you relationship with my client entirely patonic , not ? x\ be you relationship with my client not entirely platonic ? be not you relationship with my client entirely platonic ? ( think he 's get it , beam with confidence ) Mr. falk , be not you relationship with my client entirely platonic ? falk ( confuse ) no. I mean , yes . I think . fletcher yes , be you relationship with my client not entirely platonic , or yes , be not you relationship with my client entirely platonic ? falk what ? fletcher how ' bout just answer the question you think I be ask ? ' dana you honor , he 's badger the wintness ! judge steven it 's hig witness ! fletcher do you ever not make lo -- do you not ever make lo -- ( lose it ) you have sex with her everytime you met , didn 't you ? didn ' T you ?!! falk look shake as fletcher barrel on , unable to stop fletcher ( scream at he ) admit it ! you .slammed her !! you stoked the fur FIRE ! you - did the yam dance ! ! falk ( break down ) yes , yes , -- it's true ! I humped her . brain out ! ! a gasp from the audience . all eye be on fletcher . fletcher ( weakly ) no further question . dana uh... no question . judge steven ( to fletcher ) call you next witness . fletcher I have no further witness , you honor . a murmur erupt from the crowd . judge steven you have no further witness ?! fletcher meekly shake he head , no . virginia ( whisper , to fletcher ) what be you do ? call I . fletcher ( to Virginia ) I can not . judge steven Mr. reid ? virginia call I , damn it ! fletcher you do not understand . I can not lie . until nine - sixteen tonight , I can not even. ask a question that call for a lie ! Virginia grab he by the tie , pull he close to she face . virg inia L be ten , you bastard . I want m y money . I be not gonna wind up a 31 year old divorce on welfare because my scum bag attorney have a sudden attack of conscience ! fletcher suddenly stop -- focus on something Virginia say . fletcher ( to himself ) thirty -one ? judge steven Mr. reid , we be not get any young ... fletcher quickly look at the blowup of Virginia 's prenup and she passport . judge steven ( he 's have it ) Mr. reid you have present virtually nothing in the way of evidence and as such I have no choice but to rule in favor of -- fletcher wait ! silence . fletcher ·. ( dramatically ) you honor , I call Virginia Cole to the stand . stun , Virginia nervously make she way up , mr. allan ( in the gallery ) what the hell be he do ? miranda kiss he career goodbye . the baliff stand before the witness . balifp do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , so help - you God ? virginia I do . fletcher approach , . confident now , cocky . fletcher Mrs. Cole -- may I call you Virginia ? virginia yes . fletcher but that would be a lie , would not it ? virginia what do you mean ? fletcher be not you true name ... ( brandishing passport ) carlotta ?! virginia well , yes . but it be not I so I start use Virginia . be there anything wrong with that ? fletcher ·. not really . it 's just the first and smallest in the tissue of lie that be the kleenex of you life . let 's take one simple document as a sample of you veracity , shall we , carlotta ? he grab she purse from the desk , rifle through it , F letcher you driver 's license . what color be you eye ? virginia Blue . fletcher tru e blue ? what if I ask you to remove you contact l ense ? what color would they be then ? virginia ( reluctantly ) Brown . fletcher and here it say you be a b l on de . be you ? ( off she silence ) c'mon , carlotta , there 's a very easy way for we to check . if you do not remember , perhaps Mr. falk will . virginia brunette . fletch er more like a dirty brown , be not it ? ( she nod ) let 's see - . - " Weight : one - of - five " ? please ... virginia . one-eighteen . ( off he look ) one-twenty -six . I swear ! fletcher so on this single document , you basically lie at every opportunity . I be sure a woman as vain as you would also lie about she age . it say you be bear in 1964 . what 's the truth ? 1962 ? ' 60 ? how young do you try to make yourself ? virginia ( joyfully ) wrong ! I do not lie to make myself young . I make myself older . I be bear in 1965 ! " fletcher ( feigning surprise ) what ? you be try to tell we you lie to make yourself older ? virginia yes ! " lie so I could get marry ! so .there mister ' I got-all-the-answers -because -I - went-to-law-school '! judge steven Mr. reid , do this have a point ? fletcher oh , you bet it do , you honor ! ( on a roll ) my client lie about she age because she be only 17 when 's he get marry . which make h er a minor . and in the great state of California , no minor can enter into a legal contract without parental consent including -- dana ( defeat , to herself ) prenuptual agreement . fletcher ( know he have they ) prenuptual agreement ! thank you very little ! this contract be void !!! the fact that my client get nail · more often than a two - by-four be irrelevant . Standard community property apply and this woman be entitle to half of the marital asset or thirty - seven point three - nine - five million dollar !! ( to dana ) yo . . . . a e . . . . T a T T T ! ! u be ostt ! ( dramatically ) nothing further , you honor ! a murmur overtake the room ! / judge steven ( bang he gavel ) q uie t! let I see - the license and birth certificate . all be quiet while the judge review the document . then : judge steven in light of this new evidence , the court must rule in favor of for the defense . Mrs. Cole be hereby award half of the marital asset - or thirtyrseven million three hundred and ninety - five thousand dollar . the courtroom erupt . fletcher' won ! dana , Mr. Cole be devastate . ' mr. allan that son of bitch pull it off ! Mr. allan give fletcher a thumb -up ; simultaneously , miranda give he the finger . judge steven o be d e be ! order !! now i understand both party have agree to joint custody . be that correct ? fletcher and dana yes -- virginia no ! I be contest custody . fletcher freeze . fletcher what ? virginia ( be : she husband ) payback . for he try to prevent I from collect my thirty - seven million . fletcher he be entitle to prevent you . you commit adultery . ' you only win because you be a liar , remember ? . virginia no . you point out that my husband take advantage of a poor underage girl . I be the vic tim here . and now I be go to hit he where it hurt . fletcher but -- but -- you say he be a good father . judge steven m respect reid ? do we have a agreement on custody or not ? fletcher take a distress look at the child . fletcher no . . judge steven in that case , there will be a custody hearing tomorrow mor ning at nine . Court be adj ourn ! he bang the gavel . everyone get up , but fletcher 's attention be draw to a commotion between Virginia and she kid . virginia stop that ! we be leave now ! child I want to go with daddy . V , ' , - .- fletcher watch , horrify , as she drag the kid away from they tearful father . mr. cole do not worry . I will see you no matter what . I promise . Mr. allan have make he way up to fletcher . mr. allan ( be : the commotion ) I love kid . they give you so much leverage in a case like this . ( pat fletcher on back ) congratulation , partner . how do it feel ? and with that question ask , as he watch poor Mr. Cole and he kid , the truth dawns on fletcher like a sledgehammer ! fletcher ' Excuse I . just a second . ( to the judge ) y we honor ? you honor ? wait ! judge steven we ' ,re adjourned , Mr. reid . fletcher screw that !! she lie and she win ?! what be we , nut ? everyone stop , watch fletcher . fletcher ( cont 'd ) T he woman -- my client -- go down with the frequency of a nuclear submarine and we just give she thirty seven million dollar because she 's a liar ! and now as a extra add little bonus , we be go to let she steal , the kid , too ? judge steven Mr. reid , you be out of order ! fletcher ( scream ) · sox the hand dryer in the men' room !! do you ever stop to ask yourself , why do people hate we ? could it be because what we do here today suck ?! we do not care about the truth ! we do not want to find the t be u th ! we want to win ! we want to win at all cost ... and you know what the worst thing about want to win so badly i 's ? winning ! win and find out you be leave with nothing ! judge steven that 's enough , Mr. reid -- fletcher - let ' 's see what I ' have do today . I have help a gold digging slut get richer . I be take this guy 's kid away . ( to Mr. allan ) I do not like you in the least , now I be one of you partner ! you wanna know what it feel like mr. allan ? it feel like shit ! but to tell you it feel like shit , feel fucking great 1 I fletcher do feel strangely fantastic . free , judge steven that 's it , mr..reid . I find you in contempt ! fletcher good ! i'm contemptible ! my whole goddamn life be just one big fat fib ! you like my hair ? -- ( muss hair ) moussed ! shoulder -- ( rip out pad ) padd ! shoe -- ( kick they off ) lifted ! teeth -- ( pull out cap ) cap ped ! fiv e- nin ety a chicklet !! commotion in the court . the judge bang he gavel !!! judge steven bailiff ! remove Mr. reid from the courtroom ! fletcher yo u wanna know the truth ? oh yeah , let 's let it rain ... the truth be be that I have trade my life ... a beautiful wife , a incredible son for this piss pot of big double o's ! the bailiff grab fletcher , force he out ... fletcher go ahead , you honor , bang you gavel .-- keep telling yourself you 're a big shot ! do I sense a case of gavel envy !! what' that under you robe -- insufficient evidence ?!! ( the judge be turn bett red ) . I touched a nerve didn 't I ? we're all a bunch of bullshit artist !! be that the truth in you pant or be you just happy to see I ?? fletcher be push pass Mr. allan . mr. allan you just kill you career . I hope you be happy . fletcher i'm beyond happy my butt face friend --- i'm euphoric ! ext . audrey' porch -'day a sad Max be seat on the step . two other boy be there with baseball equipment . paul we be go home . emmanuel yeah , thanks for the great game , Max . emanuel knock Max 's hat off . audrey 's be watch from the door . she go and sit by she son . audrey Max , honey . you dad have a very big case today . it probably just -- max I do not want to talk about it . audrey okay . max ( suddenly ) I hate dad ! I hate he ! audrey honey , do n^t say that . Max be really upset . it 's " that look " and then some . the look audrey never want to see again . she make a decision . audrey Max , there 's something I - want to talk to you about . . . int . jail area fletcher 's handcuff and be lead to jail by two officer -. there 's a happy / crazedness to he now . the truth be pour forth , but he look way , way off the deep end . ( desperately , p as si no a phone ) pho not call !! phone call !! I g et to make a phone call !! int . audrey' kitchen -- day Max and audrey at the table . the airline ticket Jerry give she be in front of they . max when would we move ? audrey soon . my semester 's almost over . you only have a week leave of school ... you like Jerry do not you ? ( he nod ) so what do you say , should we check it out ? Jerry want we to come with he tonight . he have to pick out a place to live and he really want we help ? max could I get a sled for when it snow ? audrey of course you can . Max think , then : max okay . int . jail F l e t c h e be ' 's hold a phone . he 's frantic , now . F L E tc h E R ( be : ringing phone ) answer ! answer !! answer !! ! % the phone ring , audrey answer it . audrey hello . . intercut fletcher /audrey fletcher audrey ! it 's fletcher -- audrey ( pissed ) I can not talk now , fletcher . we have to pack . fletcher wait , the most amazing thing 's happen to I ! I be feel so good ... ( realizing ) pack ?! do you say pack ?! audrey Max be sit on the porch again , wait for he dad . I will not let you do this to he anymore . I will not let you do this to I . fletcher a ud rey , wait . please , I need to talk to you . I .swear , I be a change man . just come to the courthouse with a thousand dollar and bail I out ... hello ? ( to a cop ) o not more call !! I need another call !! int . jail cell - day fletcher be pace back and forth . a group of tough prisoner be on the far side of the cell , try to stay as far away from fletcher as they can . fletcher and what about we water su pply ? you do not think " the man 's " dumped enough toxin to render every dick in this cell as lifeless as a beach minn ow ? you be damn right J " the man " do anything he with a ts . we be nothing but pu ppet ... Little game piece they move back and forth . a deputy appear . ' deputy Mr. reid . ^ fletcher that 's I . fletcher T. reid . pawn no . 332-154-9867 . deputy you make bail . some woman . int . outer area fletcher rush in . fletcher audrey ? ( he spot ) greta ?! greta be I too late ? have you be se xu al ly molest yet ? I could circle the block . fletcher greta ! greta !! . . . . look at you , you well preserve , underpaid , overworked , underappreciate thing you . G iv e I a hug ! you come and get I out !! hug I !! greta ( totally wierd out ) yes , well , I hear you go all noble in front of Mr. allan so -- fletcher y ou know what ?! I love you . I loveyouloveyouloveyou . I wa not to hug you . come here .. , greta Mr. reid , what have get intc to you ?! fletcher just the truth , greta . Fifteen year of be stick in a lie be nowhere near as powerful as one day of be stick in the truth . ( check he watch ) oh , my God !! I have to go ! thanks again , greta ! ( as he run off he call back to her ) by the way , the truth be that I need you and I could not file a paperclip without you ! greta smile , then catch herself , and quickly regains she " composure " . CUT to : ext . street / int . BMW fletcher 's drive like a madman ... fletcher ( on he phone ) answeransweransweranswer ... we hear a recorded voice : · voice the subscriber you call be either unavailable or outside the call area . fle tcher shit !! int . lax UNITED terminal - day a udrey and Max meet Jerry by the ticket counter . Max be wear the dodger cap he dad give he . Jerry surprise he with a Boston Red Sox hat . jerry a little go away present . I be gonna get you a bowl of clam chowder but they only have Manhattan . a udrey say thank you , Max . max thanks . ·. Max take off the hat he dad give he and replace it with the Boston hat . int . BMW - day fletcher 's on the phone . he sail pass a park police car . fletcher ( into phone ) shelton , Jerry shelton . what time 's that flight leave ? 7:50 . thank you . ( check he watch ) oh , shit ! shit !! shit ! fletcher spot the flashing light . fletcher shiiiiit !!! he pull over -- so quick he jump the curb . police officer would you step out of the car , please ? fletcher obey . fletcher listen ; I know I be drive a little crazy but i have a emergency to attend to ... the cop 's just get off he walkie talkie . police officer I be impound this vehicle . fletcher W h y ? what for ? for change lane ? police officer I just run you tag through the computer . you have get . seventeen unpaid parking ticket . fletcher no ! I pay they ! this morning ! that 's the truth ! I swear !! police officer not accord to the computer . fletcher the computer be wrong ! it ' have not be update . the computer 's a liar ! police officer you can straighten it out at the impound yard . fletcher ( check he watch , firmly ) no ! police officer no ? fletcher that 's right , no ! I be not gonna lose my son because some stupid clerk be too lazy to update the computer . ( get cockier . as he go ) now if you want to follow I , . you can follow I and take the car after I get where I be go . I be a lawyer and I k now my rights ! understand ?! CUT to : a tow truck drive away with fletcher 's car , leave fletcher strand . ext . street - day ' fletcher frantically try to hail a ... fle tcher T axi ! taxi !! no luck . he spot a payphone dig through the yellow page . find " ten Minute taxi " . yes ! he fish for change . shit ! he do not have any !! fletcher ( look . heavenward ) noooo !!! he spot a man walk by . fletcher ' scuse I , sir . do you have any - - the man turn . it 's the same beggar fletcher be rude to outside the courthouse . beggar Change ? absolutely . he continue walk . fletcher could you spare some ? beggar unquestionably . the beggar continue on . ' fletcher alright , I get you point . but this be a crisis ! look , I will give you ten buck . the beggar pull out a quarter and hold it up . beggar ( admiring quarter ) it 's so shiny and new . fletcher tw ent y. . beggar minted in Denver . imagine that . fletcher thirty -four . that 's all I have . a moment as the beggar think , then : beggar it 's worth twice that to screw you . he walk off , grin . fletcher jerkoff ! beggar lawyer ! fletcher turn , spot a familiar building in the distance . fle tch er m y office !! int . lobby fletcher' office build - day he start in the front door , when a security guard stop he . security guard whoa , where do you think you be go ? fletcher I just need to use the phone to call a cab . I work here . mr. allan ( o.s. ) use to work here . Mr. allan have just exite the elevator . ... · mr. allan ( to security guard ) Son , that man be tresspass . the guard start toward fletcher threateningly . fletcher hold it ! ( to Mr. allan ) I have get ten year worth of dirt on you and this firm , and I be in the kind of mood today to get a lot off my chest . you let I use the phone or I start talk !! CUT to : fletcher 's be thrown on he ass in the street . Mr. allan have watch from atop the stair of the building . mr. allan still euphoric , reid ? he go back inside . · fletcher start to get up when a car screech to a halt , inch away . man' voice ( o . S . ) fletcher ! · it 's philip . philip seven-thirty ... it 's karaoke time ! fletcher run up and hug the astonished man , fletcher philip !! look at you !!! my philip !! fletcher kiss he on the lip . int . philip be car - day Philip 's drive fletcher . fletcher you be save my life , Philip . philip you know , it 's funny , but for some reason I be beginning to think you do not like I . be not that silly ? fletcher . no . it 's not silly . I do not like you . philip what ? fletcher I do not like you . I be sorry . I find you boring . I hate ch ara des . and you would not know a good time if it sit on you face . ( feel bad ) I be sorry . it be easier than tell you how I really feel . be you upset ? a moment , then : philip no . to be honest , I do not like you either . you treat people like obstacle and you cheat at charade . . fletcher then why be you always try to socialize with I ? philip you be a client . I figure if I do not try to be you friend , you would get a new accountant . fletcher Philip , I do not like you as a person , but I be crazy about you as my accountant . I ' d never hire a new accountant . never ! philip so we do not have to like each other anymore ? fletcher - not at all . . philip all right . sooner I get you ·to the airport , sooner I can dump you sorry ass off . ext . airport -- day Philip 's car skid to a stop . fletcher jump out . int . lax terminal - day . fletcher race in . fletcher bedelay . bedelay . fog , rain , something , anything ... he see the departure board " F li g ht 69 . depart 7:50 . on time. Gate 17 . " fletcher look at the clock -- it 's 7:46 !! Holy shit !! int . lax escalator fletcher push he way he a crowded escalator . past people stand on the leave despite the sign that say stand on right . fletcher Excuse I . . . excuse I . . . come on folk , let 's let the frantic man pass ... sorry ... thank ... you ... stand on the right , pass on the leave . they can not make this - deal any easier than it be ... come on ... come through ... at the top , - a woman in a nurse uniform ask for money ... woman help the poor ?... fletcher ( speed past ) I do not trust you . I do not know what the hell that uniform be . sorry . ( a Hare krishna try to stop he ) not now , toga boy ! int . lax - security area fortunately , there 's no line at the metal detector . fletcher race right by but sets off the alarm . inspector please step through again . fletcher ahhh !! ! damn .. ; fletcher frantically toss he key , cufflink , he rolex into a tray . he try again . it buzy again ! fletcher what ? i'tii practically naked ! a guy in a turban pass over he with a detector wand . fletcher it 's call a zipper , hodgy ... the wand beeps over fletcher front pocket . he reach in and pull out the now familiar blue pen ... int . lax - departure concourse fletcher race by Gate 15 , 16 , get to 1 7 . . . but see the plane slowly taxiing away . FL E tc h er N ooo !!! fletcher spot a door mark " not a exit " . go for it when a flight attendant interrupt . flight attendant can I help you ? fletcher look out !! ! -- ( truthful ) - nothing's coming !! the woman raise she eyebrow and look anyway . and fletcher bolt through the exit ! ext . tarmac - day he scurries down a flight of stair call after the plane which be move away . no way he will catch it . then , he see a mechanic work on a mobile stair unit ( this be the step they pull up to plane ) fletcher get a insane idea . . . the worker hear a engine start , look up to see fletcher in the truck , drive off , towing the stair . worker hey !! hey !!!! but fletcher 's go . ext . airplane - day fletcher 's drive the stair try to catch up with the plane . ground worker react . soon , the " stair " be racing alongside the plane . fletcher look for sign of audrey and Max but he 's too low to see in the plane . he grab the tool BOX 'on the passenger 's seat , - put it on the accelerator , pin it to the floor . then , he climb the step ! the " stair " sway back and forth as he reach the top . int . airplane - day - moving passengers calmly read while outside fletcher speed along , waving he arm like a maniac . the engine noise drown out he call for ... F let ch er ma X ? !! audreyy ?!! a stewardess stand in the aisle , give the safety lecture . stewardess in case of a water landing , please use you seat cushion as -- · her mouth drop as she notice fletcher . ext . tarmac - day fletcher be banging on the window . people on the plane point , stare in amazement . fletcher look ahead , sees the stair about to crash into the wing ! fletcher desperately fiddle with some control . at the last second , find the one that lower the stair . he surf under the wing ... ... and raise up the stair at the other side . fletcher 's at the front of the plane , where he finally spot . . . max , audrey and jerry seated in the bulkhead Max have the window seat , audrey arid Jerry be next to he . audrey have on she headset and Jerry be look for he seatbelt . neither sees fletcher . fletcher scream to get they attention . but it 's too noisy . then , fletcher look ahead and he eye go wide ! fletcher' Pov the runway be ending !. just then , Max look up ... sees he dad . audrey be now try to help Jerry find he seat belt . audrey ( check under he seat ) it 's right here , honey . m ax mom! Mom !! ' audrey just a second , Max . max Mom , it 's dad ! au drey W hat ? what about dad ? audrey turn . then she see fletcher waving weakly ... audrey fletcher ?! at that instant -- the plane make a sharp turn ! but the stair don 't ! they keep go straight , head · right for the end of the runway and a park load luggage cart . . - and bam ! fletcher , the stair , the luggage all go flying ! audrey strain to watch as fletcher land hard onto a mountain of baggage ! close on fletcher with all the strength he have he lift he head , see he 's in one piece , and then collapse in defeat . CUT to : int . jail cell - night fletcher 's banged up pretty good . his head be bandaged . he.puts a cold compress to he bruise forehead and wince . fletcher ( mumble to himself ) oh boy , the truth hurt . yes indeed . deputy Mr. reid . someone make bail for you . ext . police station - night fletcher come out limping , totally dishevel , miss a shoe , and still hold the compress . fletcher ( weakly ) greta ? be that you ? he look up and be surprised to see audrey and jerry wait for he just outside the door . Max be sit at the bottom of the stair , still angry . he see he dad , then quickly turn away . fletcher ( to audrey and Jerry , try to seem chipper ) sorry I make you miss you flight , not really . ( no response ) you be obviously a little . upset , not that I blame you ... although I will bet you will still get the bonus mile . . . audrey fletcher , be you crazy ? what be you do ? fletc her that 's two question . a ; yes , but I think the legal term be temporarily insane . and B ; I be try to finally have that talk with you about Boston . audrey 's patience be grow thin ... fletcher okay , okay ... the whole truth and nothing but the truth , ( with difficulty , sincerely ) I try to stop the plane because it be take off with my life ... you and Max . this come as a surprise to audrey . not just what fletcher say , but the way he say it . fletcher I know you have meet somebody ... somebody pretty great ... and the truth be I wish you do not but you do and ... all I ' m ask i 's . . . please do not move to Boston . please do not take Max away . she 's definitely move by fletcher , but not convinced . audrey you can come visit anytime . it 's only a four hour flight . fletcher I do not want to visit he . that 's what I have be do -- visit he , drop by , stop in . I want to be in he life . I do not want to be some jerk that see he at Easter . I want to be he father . fletcher turn to Jerry . fletcher I know I have no right to ask , but can I talk you out of taki no that job ? I can get you a better job here in l.a . I have get all kind of connect ion ... what do you do again ? jerry I design security system . fletcher how symbolic . okay great . you know pac - tec ? jerry the biggest . fletcher one of they system short out and burn down a supermarket . I get they off . another proud day for justice . if I ask they they will beat you Boston offer in two 's ec on ds . .. audrey do not put Jerry in the middle . jerry it 's okay . ( to fletcher ) Boston mean this ( snap he finger ) to I . all I want be for this lady and Max to be happy . preferably , with I . whatever they want , I will go along with . they both look to audrey . audrey all I want be for Max to be happy . audrey look over to Max seat at the bottom of the stair . he 's still upset . audrey you better know you jury . you be hot exactly Max 's hero today . fletcher just let I present my case . fletcher walk over , , try to be playful , start walking , talking like the terminator . fletcher / terminator I have be send from the future to destroy you . . . argghhh ! ( no response , a beat ) you mad at I ? Max nod . fletcher 's at a loss for how to begin . then : fletcher you want I to stop lie . but lie be not the problem . .. why we lie ~ that 's the problem . sometimes we lie to make someone else feel better . but sometimes we lie because the truth get in we way ... ( touch he ) but be a adult mean you sacrifice some thing for more important thing . much more important thing . I be so stupid , max. ( point to he own head ) malfunction in vector one . all this time you have be here and I could see you anytime I feel like it . and I ... do not . please do not go to Boston . Max , I love you more than anything else in the world and you know it 's true . I could not say it if it be not true . not today . a moment as Max study he father , then : max ( to audrey ) he 's tell the truth , Mom . he 's not allow to lie . I make a wish and anything dad say have to be the truth . ( to fletcher ) .. right ? but fletcher 's look at he watch ... fletcher max. .. it 's 9:22 . audrey what ? fletcher Max , you make the wish at 9:15 . I have be able to lie for the last seven minute . Max step away from fletcher . max so then , you be ... fletcher no ! it be not a lie . I just want to be honest with you and tell you -- there be no wish to guarantee it anymore . you just have to believe I . Max look at audrey , who be let Max decide for himself Max look at fletcher and try to decide . max ( to audrey ) mommy ... do we have to go to Boston ? audrey look at Jerry , then back at Max . audr ey no . we do not have to . fletcher hug he son -- the kind of hug that say " I will never let you go . " max ( to fletcher ) can we play catch tomorrow ? fletcher smile . . . ext . park - day a beautiful park with a basball diamond . fletcher be seat on a bench , wait . he 's dress in sweat , with a baseball glove . soon , Jerry , audrey , and Max pull up ... m ax dad ! ! fletch er ma x i mu m ! ! fletcher pick Max up . max transformer !!! . fletcher and Max do the transformer routine again ... fletcher malfunction in vector seven . I have lose control of my affection reflex ... fletcher start kissing max on the head over and over . he see audrey . fletcher procreate ! procreate ! audrey ( playfully ) fletcher ... you be gonna lose a limb -- max come on , dad , let 's play catch !! fletcher sr. . . ue ( start to toss max ) here you go , mom . ( Max scream ) oh , you mean with a ball ... he put Max down . Max run into position . fletcher stop for a second and turn to Jerry , man to man . fletcher I take back every dirty , dishonest thing I ever say about you , write about you , fax about you , e-mail about you . jerry appreciate . fletcher toss the baseball up and down . fletcher so , you up for a little friendly competition ? jerry no , you go play with you son . fletcher I be not talk about basesball . a slow smile from Jerry . fletcher wink and toss the ball to Max . fletcher ( to Max ) alright , it 's time to show you the old fletcher reid change up . fletcher wind up in a exagerated super fast motion , then instantly shift to super slow motion . Max crack up . audrey laugh . Jerry can not help but smile , too . there may be better thing in life ... but at this moment , it 's hard to think of a single one . honestly . the end