license to drive written by neil tolkin third draft eptember 21 , 1987 " license to drive " fade in : ext . commercial suburban STREET - cold foggy morning no car . swirl of newspaper blow across the street . suddenly , a yellow school bus become visible , rise over a hill . as it get nearer , we feel the roar of the engine . the bus be a monster . as it rumble by we we see " sunny meadow high school " inscribe on the side . inside the school bus grimy . run down . School Bus Hell . oppress grey - face high schooler sit round - shoulder , look out into nowhere land . we dolly slowly along the floor to reveal all the student ' ankle shackle and chained to they seat . the faint rhythm of a file rubbing against steel become louder and louder until the camera stop on a student 's hand . second away from filing through the lock on he shackle ... freedom . the camera tilt up to reveal les anderson , sixteen , maybe seventeen . he 's the only kid on the bus with a spark of life leave in he . as the bus stop at a red light , something catch Les ' eye . les ' p.o.v . - through a greasy window - a red blur he wipe the window , revealing a red ferrari 308 gib park beside the bus , outside a corner grocery store . the t-roof be off , and all we can see be the longest , most beautiful legs loung in the passenger seat . a guy walk away from the car into the store . les leck to the back of the bus , to the rear door , clearly mark " for emergency use only . " he teeter on the edge of he seat , about to make a move . he look to the front of the bus , at the : bus driver a maniac : mid-40s , lousy toupee . he 's be watch Les in he rearview mirror the entire time . they stare at each other , eye to eye . Les hold he ground . the driver thrust the bus in gear and begin to pull away ... away from the Ferrari . ( continued ) continued : Les explode from he seat , charge for the " emergency door . " the kid come to life , watch and scream with excitement . Les kick at the door . a red warning light on the Driver 's dash flash . a alarm sound . the Driver look back , angrily . then push a button . a steel bolt slam across the door . Les slam through the 7 back window -- diving out of the bus onto the street . Les bounce out of a commando roll and run up the street to the Ferrari . the bus do a spectacular bootlegger be turn . it 's come back . les look into the ferrari key dangle from the ignition . in the passenger seat be the leggiest blonde girl you have ever see . the approach bus build speed . Les jump into the car . she smile , seductively . he smile back . they be in love . the bus scream towards they . Les turn the ignition , pop the clutch , then squeal into a right turn slice onto a : quiet tree - line suburban STREET the bus roar after they , barely make the turn , balance on two wheel . les race down the STREET look at he speedometer : 70 ... 75 ... 80 ... 85 . maple tree whip by like he 's in a rocket ship . awesome ! he look up at he rearview mirror . it 's all yellow . miraculously , the bus be right on he tail . suddenly : a little boy delivering paper hop the curb and bicycle across the street . Les , about to hit he , yank the wheel leave , practically tear it off its column . the bus bomb by , slice the front tire off the bike . the little boy be leave there on he seat , spin around acrobatically on he back tire . the ferrari still try to lose the bus , streak down a street , then screech into : ( continued ) continued : narrow back alley so narrow they spell it with one " 1 " . the bus slam in , rock and rebound off the alley 's wall . dragging power cord and live wire , spark shoot out from the bus ' side . Les jam on he brake , cut and slide right onto a : wide commercial STREET Les gun it ! a laser beam . with one hand he downshift to accelerate , with the other , he start to light the girl 's cigarette ... she pull he hand closer to she , look into he eye . but wait ! up ahead , by a gas station , there 's a huge puddle of water . but it 's not water . it 's gas ! a tank pump gas into a tanker fuel truck . gas spew from a rupture hose . suddenly , we hear a boring monotone voice . voice over remember . be prepare and look ahead . the driver must see the big picture ... CUT to : int . classroom - day a dark classroom . the sound of a projector . flicker light . a instructional film be be show to a class of driver' ed student . the camera move through the room and stop in back where we find Les Anderson , head on he desk , fast asleep , rest on he driver' ed book . voice over «+e in heavier rain , you tire may begin to ' hydroplane , ' ride on the water , rather than the pavement . do not panic ! and especially do not jam on the brake . ease you foot off the gas pedal . int . ferrari - day High speed . there 's no avoid the puddle . Les ease he foot off the gas pedal . the Ferrari remain steady as a 15 - foot spray of gas erupt on either side of the car . he finish lighting the girl 's cigarette , then casually toss the match out the window . ( continued ) continued : inside the bus the driver shift gear with reckless abandon , charge for the puddle . suddenly , the puddle ignites . there 's a huge explosion . the bus driver jammmm on he brake . headed straight for it . inside the ferrari Les and the girl hear the explosion and turn around simultaneously . there 's no bus , just a huge wall of flame . they smile at each other . they have make it ... Les lean over to kiss she , but suddenly she 's not smile . her mouth be open in shock . there 's terror in she eye . we hear the roar of a engine . Les look back at the road . the bus be head straight for they about to smash into they . we hear a loud horn which become a school bell . insert - school bell int . classroom - close on les - day he wake up , startle . he have sleep mark on one side of he face . he look around , embarrassed . the bell stop . stand in front of he be the driver' ed teacher , mr . gasket , the bus driver from the dream . the class be get up from they desk , leave . he motion for Les not to move . leave the class , a very cute girl turn to Les ' twin sister , natalie -- she 's conservative , bookish . cute girl ( low voice ) do you brother have mono or something ? he sleep through the entire course . natalie no , he 's just brain dead . the class empty . Mr. gasket stand ominously above les. mr. gasket ( dead serious ) Mr. Anderson . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : mr. gasket ( cont would ) it 's punk like you the paramedics end up scraping off the road at four in the morning . ( beat ) for you own sake and the safety of other , I hope you fail you driver 's exam . Les get up to leave . gasket signal to stay , then throw he a piece of chalk . Les roll he eye . ext . sunny meadow high - day ( begin credit ) kid load into yellow school buse and fancy car . int . classroom - day line . blackboard full of " I will drive safely . I will drive safely ... " Les finish he last one and fly out of class . ext . sunny meadow high - day bus and car begin to pull away . int . school hallway - day desert . sprint . Les slide to he locker and quickly unlock it . a avalanche of book and junk fall onto the floor . he stuff it back in . ext . sunny meadow high - day a few kid here and there . Les bomb out of school , jam papers into he knapsack . he run down the street after the last depart school bus . he can not catch it . Natalie , inside the bus , smile at he . he stand in the middle of the road , piss . we hear a car racing towards he from behind . it's a red ferrari the one from the dream . t-roof off . Music blare . mercede lane , the leggy blonde girl from the dream , sit in the passenger seat . paolo , she gq Latin american boyfriend , drive . they be in they own perfect world . ( continued ) continued : Les jump out of the way as it scream by he . he watch the Ferrari drive off . we hear a bicycle tire skidding along the pavement . he turn to see : a " nut case " on a ten speed stop he thirty foot skid a hair away from Les ' sneaker . this be dean , Les ' best friend . he have charm and mischief with a capital m write all over he face . they both look back at the Ferrari . les you know , Dean , I can not help wonder whether it will ever get that good for I . dean Anderson , the only difference between you and that greaseball , be that he have a license and you do not . in two day we open a whole new chapter . ( motion to he handle bar ) get in . I will drive you home . Les look at Dean 's beat to shit death trap bike . les unh , unh . too much be at stake . they will never let I take my driver 's exam in traction . dean Les , you license be as important to I as it be to you . I will take it easy . I promise . ext . suburban middle CLASS neighborhood - day White knuckle . Les hang on as a sadistic Dean speed along the sidewalk . about to collide with a jogger , Dean cut onto : the STREET zigzagge in and out of traffic . a honk here , a honk there . Dean jolt the bike back up on the sidewalk . ( continued ) continued : Les try to absorb the shock . Dean laugh , pedal faster . he whip Les through : low hanging branch they flap against Les ' face . Dean 's have a riot . Les want to start one . the torturous branch give way to : les ' p.o.v . - a ferocious dog chained on a porch Dean have the bike head straight for it . its mouth salivate . as Dean swerve Les by it , the dog run and pull he chain taut , swinging out against a imaginary wall . ext . anderson house - dean turn into the driveway make sure to run Les through a sprinkler . this be Les ' house ; large and colonial , its landscape perfectly groom . ahead of they , in front of the garage , there 's a audi 5000 turbo . it 's surround by mound of dusty box and garage junk . Dean slalom through it . ext . anderson house - driveway - a 1972 cadillac sedan deville sit park at a angle , barely squeezing in . Sky blue . gleaming chrome . it 's in mint condition . Dean and Les ride in . Dean jam on the brake . Les slide painfully off the handlebar . he give Dean a dirty look . end of credit . dean just a painful reminder of what you be leave behind . ( beat ) whose caddie ? les my grandfather 's . can you believe it 's sixteen year old ? it only have twenty thousand mile on it . Dean get off he bike and let it crash to the ground . dean ( examine it ) it 's intense . what 's it do here ? ( continued ) continued : les he 's afraid to take it on long trip so he borrow my dad 's car for a week . dean ( open the door ) I gotta tell you , Les , this boat would kick - ass up at archie 's . do you think we can get it for Saturday night ? dad ( o.s8 . ) not a chance in hell , Dean . they turn . it 's Les ' dad -- good-look , early forty , he wear grimy work clothes . he walk into the garage , remove Dean 's hand from the door , and buff the chrome . dad you have a better chance of win the Nobel Prize for physics than you do of get in this car . Les look at Dean as if to say " do that answer you question ? " les hi dad. dad ( to the boy ) how ' bout a hand help I move this junk ? dean ( pick up he bike ) I would really love to , Mr. Anderson , ( a fake cough ) but I be sort of allergic to dust and cardboard box . he cough again . dad do not even bother . Dean get on he bike . dean ( drive off ) see you tonight . ( continued ) continued : les dad ? do you think you could tell I for sure if I can use Mom 's car Saturday night ? dad ( shove a dusty box at he ) do I a favor , will ya , Les ? just pass you driver 's exam . and then we will talk . int . kitchen dine area - night dad , Les , Natalie and rudy sit at the table . rudy be the cute , ten year old brother you can only find in the movie . as they munch away at they dinner , one by one they look up in awe ... there p.o.v . - mom look more like nine year pregnant , rather than nine month , she carry the most humongous plate of mashed potato , spot with mini-pickle , chocolate chip and potato chip . instead of put it in the center of the table , she plop it down in front of she table set . with the family still look on disgustedly , she pick up the ketchup bottle , and start squirting it out on she food ( happy face ) ... mom for you information , this be exactly what I eat when I be pregnant with all of you . she downs she first bite . it scare they back to they meal . les dad ? dad unh , unh . les do you get a chance to look at that brochure ? ( continued ) 10 . continued : dad ( pull a crumpled brochure from he back pocket ) sure do . les well ? what do you think ? dad ( flipping through it ) a twenty - three thousand dollar BMW for a sixteen year old kid who 's never have a job in he life ? I think it 's a great idea . Les be humiliate . dad Les , you only complete you driver 's ed course two hour ago . you do not even have a license yet . les but dad , it would not be just for I . it would be for Natalie too . natalie do not include I in you obsession . les Excuse I , miss mature . be there anything wrong with be american ? natalie a BMW at sixteen ? it 's more like spoiled . Karl say ... everyone stop what they be do ala E. f. hutton . natalie can you people please be serious for once in you life ? ( beat ) Karl say that in America the people be misl to believe that a car represent freedom and individuality , when , in essence , it be more oppressive than anything else , burden the individual with materialistic cost , such as insurance , gas and repair . ( continued ) 11 . continued : les who care what you commie boyfriend think ? I think we would all prefer to be burden with the cost of a automobile , than with bread line and two year wait list for a wash machine . rudy I agree . mother start to boil . natalie you two be so simple , it 's frightening . les why be you even get you license ? natalie ( upset and get up from the table ) I be not hungry . mom Natalie , if you prefer to eat stand up , that 's fine with I . but nobody leave the table until we finish eat . natalie this be the most oppressive environment a child could be subject to . Natalie sit down . we hear a loud honk -honk ! Les stand up . les ( wiping he mouth ) that 's for I . mom you hear I Les . whoever it be will have to wait a few minute . les ( still stand ) but , maaa . ( continued ) 12 . continued : mom Les ? do you want to use my car Saturday night ? Les sit down like he 's play musical chair ! the family eat in silence . we hear another honk , and then a couple of quick honk , and then a honnnkkk ... the family try to ignore it , but it 's more than annoying . it start again : ext . anderson house - inside a rusted two - door 48 datsun B - 210 - night hanging over , from the back to the front seat , lean on the horn be Dean . Dean 's mom and he little sister ride in front . they be use to this behavior . back in the dine room the obnoxious honking continue . everyone except Les have stop eat . cheery , he munch away as if nothing be go on . Mom and dad boil . dad have have it . dad Les , if you be not out of this house in five second , there 's a good chance you will never drive anything but a golf ball . a victorious Les calmly excuse himself from the table . ext . mansion - night now this be a party . loud music . sixteen - year-old kid all over the place . all the gorgeous girl and guy huddle around expensive slick drive machine , and compete car stereo . if you happen to be a male without a car , you may as well be at home with a playboy . the datsun make its way down the street . int . dean's mother' datsun - night a uncomfortable backseat , fill with junk . Les and Dean sit squish together , practically eat they knee . the front seat be push all the way back . Dean 's little munchkin sister sit comfortably in the passenger seat . they approach the party . Dean 's mom slow down . embarrass , Dean and Les duck . ( continued ) 13 . continued : dean's mom be there something wrong with the car , Dean ? dean it 's not the car , ma . it 's you , you be drive . just drop we off around the corner . ext./ int . car - around the corner - night as Dean and Les pull themselves out of the car , a glossy black gto , with a confederate flag attach to its antenna , slow down across the street . Inside the gto be three of the scariest and rowdiest look high school dropout you have ever see . they be laugh at the boy be drop off by mom . the driver hey boy , do mommy drive you to the little boy ' room , also ? Les and Dean be crush . as the derelict drive away laugh , we hear they crazy horn . the funeral March ... " dum , dum , dadum ... dum , dadum , dadum , dadum . " dean ( to he mother ) sorry , I do not introduce you , ma. she laugh . dean see you at twelve ? dean's mom I will be right here at eleven . dean I will call . dean's mom it 's a school night , Dean . if you be not stand here between eleven and eleven o' two , I be change the lock . the datsun drive off . compose , they strut around the corner . ahead of they , in front of the estate and all the kid , a honda pull up . ( continued ) 14 . continued : charle jump out and wave good - bye to he mother . older look , but by no mean better look than Les and Dean , he wear glass and be not ashamed of be drop off by he mother . he wave to Dean and Les . they turn into the party , ignore he . ext . mansion - night Les , Dean , and Charles sip fruit punch . they sit alone on the front step gawk at the hoard of cute girl surround the guy and they car . impressive , but sicken . dean I know exactly what you be think , Les . I be think the same thing . I be not sure about Charles . ( beat ) why be I so alone here ? I be good look , I have get a great sense of humor , and yet there 's not one single female within twenty yard of I ? can you find one of they who be not within arm reach of a car ? les they have even monopolize the fifteen year old . charle you guy be pathetic . life do exist outside a V -eight . les not in this country , it do not . dean and do you know what the beauty of it all be ? the beauty of it all , Les , be that Saturday afternoon , less than forty - eight hour away , the people at the dmv be go to be hand you you license ... we Les ' eye glitter . he 's in a trance . ( continued ) 15 . continued : dean you can say good - bye to the humiliation of public transportation , and not be able to date someone who be not conveniently close to a bus stop . you be go to be free , Les . one of they . ( beat ) and on Saturday night , when we pull into archie 's Atomic in you mom 's audi 5000 turbo , all this be go to be at we fingertip . in fact , archie 's make this place look like sesame Street . charle to you archie 's make the playboy Channel look like sesame Street . dean archie 's be the joint . I swear it . my brother use to go there every weekend . he say the ratio of girl to guy be five to one . and we be not talkin ' dog , we be talkin ' bunny . the place be a paradise . ( beat ) I be tell you , Les . the secret to you happiness , and ultimately we happiness , as long as we live in this country , be a driver 's license . charle you can not possibly believe that bullshit , can you ? dean ( leok around at all the car , girl and happiness ) Charles . see be believe . you gotta believe he . 16 . int . estate - live room - night Soft lighting . kid sit , stand , talk , neck . Les , Dean , and Charles slump by the punch bowl observe the decadence . dean do you ever wonder what kind of car would be most appropriate for some of this wench to lose they virginity in ? charle you never cease to amaze I , deano . dean seriously . look at Cheryl lieberman . the boy ' p.o.v . - cheryl lieberman a sixteen - year- old jap . they laugh . charle a camaro . les Cheryl lieberman ? a tran be . dean Beth maclaine . beth maclaine pristine . Conservative anglo saxon . les a volvo . maybe a station wagon . dean bonnie dupa . the boy ' p.o.v . - bonnie dupa we can only see she face as someone be sit in front of she . she 's sleaze to the max . charle ( o.8 . ) a van . ( continued ) 17 . continued : dean ( o.s. ) Nah , a harley . les ( o.8. ; reverent tone ) mercede . dean and charle ( 0.8.3 ; shocked ) a mercede ? the boy they turn to Les only to see he gape , mouth open . Dean and Charles look up and become entrance , as well . the boy ' p.o.v . - a vision - mercede lane stand , frame , in the doorway , backlit , the light shine through she dress , expose the silhouette of she long leg . at seventeen she look twenty . she 's a untouchable . the boy les ( still reverent ) mercede Lane . dean what more can be say ? les I have bump into she a million time , and she 's never once bump into I . mercede head for they , argue with she older look boyfriend , paolo . he look very out of place . mercede you do not own I , I can do whatever I like . woman have rights in this country . not like chile or Argentina , where they worship they man . they barge through the boy as if they be a string of bead . Les " quiver " beside mercede as she pour herself some punch . ( continued ) continued : 18 . paolo it have nothing to do with worship , it have to do with go to party with ... with kid . mercede I happen to go to school with this kid . I have friend here . paolo Friends ? this child can do nothing for you . mercede ( cold ) can we just stop this discussion ? there be some thing you and I will never agree on . paolo ( flustered ) mercede . I be beginning to perspire . you know I hate to perspire . ( turn to go ) be you come ? mercede I think I can find my own way home , thank you . he walk away . mercede and paolo ? if you be wonder about Saturday night , I just remember ... paolo ( turn back ) do not do this to I , mercede . you will regret it . mercede I have make other plan . I already have a date . paolo with who ? mercede with he . ( continued ) 19 . continued : mercede turn to a shocked Les . paolo him ? mercede ( to Les ) do not we make arrangement ? les ( hesitant ) I ... I believe so . but , nothing be final . mercede well now they be final . paolo you will pay for this , mercede . paolo storm away . Les watch , afraid to speak . mercede downs she punch . she fill she glass again , and downs it . Les who ? we push in on Les . he 's in a daze . ext . sunny meadow high school - day kid pile out of class . ext . school bus - day Dean and Charles get on the bus . Les stand on the curb . the bus start its engine . Fancy car pull away . dean I can not believe you , Les . you be blow the great night of you life for a girl who probably do not even know you have a pulse . les Dean , believe it ! dean ( betrayed ) that 's pathetic . after all this year we finally get a chance to go to archie 's , and now you be tell I it 's off ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : les if mercede pull through , you bet . charle why do not you just ask she , to make sure ? les I would love to Charles , but I can not talk to something I can not see . last night be the close any of we have ever be to she . dean well you be in luck , loverboy , ' cause she 's sittin ' down right behind you . Dean back away . the bus door slam close in Les ' face . he turn around : mercede sit on a bench about twenty - five foot away , read a elle magazine , sip some apple juice . Les turn back to the bus . it 's pull away . dean ( lean out ) go on , ask she . if you be lucky , she will bite . Les turn back to mercede . she 's more beautiful than ever . he walk towards she . her blonde hair flutter in the wind . he stand beside she . some apple juice dribble off she bottom lip . she tongue she lip dry . it 's the sexiest thing he 's ever see . he can not even talk . she glance up . not recognize he , she go back to she Magazine . we hear a loud honk ! honk ! !!!! it scare mercede . Les turn , shocked to see he father in the cadillac , pull up in front of they . he honk again . it 's the loudest horn in the world . Les , embarrassed , ignore he father . dad ( roll down the window ) Les ? ( continued ) 21 . continued : the height of embarrassment . Les coolly walk by mercede . then , instead of get into the car , he walk in front of it , across the street . dad roll down the window , honking again . dad Les . it 's I , you father . cringe . he try to get out of she sight . mercede do not even notice . dad follow beside he , like the secret service . dad what 's go on , here , Les ? do not you recognize I ? still no answer . he turn the corner . so do dad . finally , out of she sight , Les get in . int . / ext . cadillac - day a white interior , impeccably clean . the immensity of the car dwarf les. we see bag of pampers in the back seat . dad be there something wrong with have a father , this day ? les dad , what be you do here ? dad I run some errand for you mom , and I think I would come by and take you drive . I figure if you could handle this cruiser you could handle anything . les but what about grandpa ? dad do not worry about grandpa . who know what he 's do with my car ? les ( excited ) okay . dad slide over . Les climb into the driver 's seat , move it way up close . ( continued ) 22 . continued : he check he mirror then take a deep breath . he put he flicker on , then pull out , very slowly ... cautiously . immediately , the car screech to a halt fifteen foot before a stop sign . dad rub he neck . les sorry . the brake be a little sensitive . ext . street - day Les smoothly turn the cadillac off a busy street into a residential neighborhood . dissolve to : ext./ int . cadillac - day Les , drive for a while now , begin to get the hang of it . he stop smoothly at a stop sign . suddenly , he stare wide - eye , freeze . dad that 's a long enough stop . make a right here . les I can not . dad what 's the matter ? up the block , Les see mercede Lane . les I have to ask you a favor . you can say no , but I will never ask you another one as long as I live . dad Les , you know that 's a lie . les you see that girl up ahead ? her name be mercede Lane . to put it simply , if she ask I to marry she tomorrow , I would definitely say yes . ( continued ) 23 . continued : dad ( excited ) so. let 's drive by she . les dad , she just ask I out last night . if I drive by with you in the car , she will never look at I again . even if I be stand on she chest . dad you be ask I to let you drive this car , alone ? without a license ? be you insane ? les I will just drive by , say hello and circle back . it will take two minute . dad , size up the situation , look at Les , then at mercede who walk farther up the block . les ( earnestly ) I just want to see if she be serious . dad ( with a big heart ) sure. les and dad ... ( look at grocery ) would you mind ? what can dad say ? he get out , with the pamper , then watch Les pull away . les ' p.o.v . - approaching mercede he roll down the window and honk . she turn , give hima dirty look , and keep walk . he shadow she . les mercede ? she stop and look inside , puzzle . ( continued ) 24 . continued : les Les Anderson , from the party last night . mercede oh , you scared I . I do not recognize you . some jerk honk at I a little while ago in a car just like this . les you live around here , do not you ? mercede unh , unh . just up the street . les hop in , I will give you a lift ? mercede sure , that would be fun . as she 's about to open the front door : les wait a second . Les jump out of the car , run around the passenger side , and insist she get in the back seat . charme , she do . dad down the road , shake he head in disbelief . int . car - day adjusting the rearview mirror , Les momentarily hold on she chest , then up to she face . he smile . he see dad , in the mirror , hold the bag . les which house be yours ? mercede it 's right down the block . he drive up half a block . ( continued ) 25 . continued : les ( about to pull into the driveway ) okaaayyy - mercede but ... I be not go home . les ( stunne ) where be you go ? mercede into cedarbrook , to a friend 's place . you do not mind , do you ? Les be stunne , catch completely off guard . he look at he : rearview mirror his father , still hold the bag , stand alone . les ( weakly ) no , not at all . ext . street - day dad , with the bag beside he on the sidewalk , be livid . dissolve to : ext . cedarbrook estate - later mercede walk away from the cadillac . les ( call out ) mercede ? mercede ( come back ) unh , unh . ( continued ) 26 . continued : les ( courageous ) last night at the party , you mention something about you and I go out Saturday night . I be just curious ... be we still on ? she do not have the heart . mercede sure ... call I , tomorrow . les ( pull out a pen ) great , let I give you my number in case something come up . you never know . mercede ( hand he she elle Magazine ) here , write it on this . he excitedly write he number on the front cover , then hand it back to she . mercede thanks again for the lift , Les . les no problem . int . / ext . cadillac - later Les coast down the street like a cop on surveillance . suddenly , he spot dad a block ahead , carry the huge grocery bag . his jacket be off and he shirt be soak in sweat . as Les pull up , dad glare at he . if look could kill . int . live room and den - day Les sit stiffly , in a chair . dad dishevel , he shirt soak with sweat , circle Les like a shark . dad ( angry ) how could you do it , Les ? ( more ) ( continued ) 27 . continued : dad ( cont would ) you give I you word and you use up you last favor ? do you realize where this leave you ? les not in good shape , but just let I explain . I admit I should never have let she in the car , but she live three house down . I think I be take she home . ( leok at Mom ) Mom , I be sure there be many similar romantic gesture when dad be dating you . Mom lie on she side in the de wear a workout outfit , do scissor - kick exercise , to a pregnancy video . if moby Dick be a pregnant woman live in America , she would look like this . mom ( think ) I do not know . there must have be . we be marry . Mom smile . dad look at she as if to say , " thanks a lot . " dad why do not you just tell she the truth ? les tell mercede Lane I do not have a license ? and risk she have a heart attack from laugh so hard ? put yourself in my shoe . dad look at les. then to Mom for help . forget it , dad , you be on you own . dad ( give in ) well , consider yourself lucky that I do not have a heart attack walk home . int . les ' room - night stereo , tv , CD , boyhood americana . poster of car cover the wall . we faintly hear classical music seeping through the wall . the boy be over . while Les cut mercede ' picture out of the high school yearbook , Dean give he a hard time . ( continued ) 28 . continued : dean do you know what happen if you get catch drive without a license ? they make you wait two year before you can take the test again . two year , les. twenty - four month . that 's a lot of bus ride . les relax , I do not get catch . ( pin the picture over he desk ) and you would do the same . ( beat ) now do you guy come over to ask I some question ? because if you do not , then I have some study to do . a tense silence . Les hand Charles the Driver 's Ed book . through the wall , the classical music build in intensity . charle all right . how can you identify a blind pedestrian to whom you must yield the right of way ? dean you be not serious . les by they white cane , or guard dog . dean this be a complete waste of time . you know you stuff , Les . you have be a passenger in a car for sixteen year . it 's not like you be from bedrock or something . you have live and breathe this theory bullshit . the music boom through the wall , building to a crescendo . dean ( disturb by the music ) what be that shit ? 29 . int . natalie' room - night tchaikovsky !!! bookish Natalie sit at she desk study she Driver 's Ed manual , take note , try to memorize . as she study , she body respond to the music with great intensity . and then relax when the music become quiet ... suddenly , from a intercom above she desk , we hear Dean 's obnoxious voice . dean ( voice over ) hey , naaaatalie ! if you be ina car travel at the speed of fifty - five mile per hour , and you collide with a runaway train , would that create any improvement in you face ? her pencil snap . a total disruption of concentration . silence . and now we hear the loudest and most disgusting burp of all time . and then wail of laughter ... and then Dean , again . dean ( voice over ) good luck on you exam tomorrow , Einstein ! int . d.m.v. testing room day a sea of applicant , mostly kid , some older . they sit in front of they computer screen and keyboard , ready to begin . Les and Natalie sit beside each other . miss hellman , a older blue -haired woman stand at the front of the room . miss hellman good afternoon , child . in the next fifteen minute you will be give thirty question . any more than five mistake will be consider a fail grade . we will begin at the sound of the bell . she look up at the clock , a second away from one o'clock . the bell ring . the student begin . Les be off : ( continued ) 30 . continued : les ' p.o.v . - the screen question # 1 . what should you do if you miss you exit from a expressway ? a- jam on the break and back up . b- make a quick u-turn . C - go on to the next one . les chuckle to himself he tap c. correct . one for one . question # 2 . the screen show a stretch of freeway with three lane , mark a , B , C . ( C be the right lane ) " which be usually the smoothest lane of traffic ? a , B , or c . " les ( to himself ) why do not they just give license away ? he press c. wrong . les ( shocked ) what ? he look over at Natalie . she 's just tapping away and smile . he look back at he screen . the next question . he look at it and look at it . he decide . he wince . wrong again . bead of sweat begin to gather on he forehead . around the room - nervous student ' hand . 1 . a girl be bangle hand play with she hair . 2 . a guy nervously bite he nail . 3 . a girl be jappy fingernails clack away on the desk . 4 . a dumb jock crack he knuckle . les scratch he scalp , and tap he foot nervously . he look around , take a deep breath , press a key , then wait for a response . a sigh of relief . Natalie cook . natalie' p.o.v . - her screen question number 24 . what action should you take if another vehicle pass you on the leave ? a- speed up and do not let he in . b- take down he license number . c- slow down . she press c. correct. 24 for 24 . ( continued ) 31 . continued : les and natalie a picture of opposite . Natalie , effervescent , full of life . Les , a wreck . we see in he face that it 's come down to the wire . les' screen it read : warning !!! one more incorrect answer and you fail !! natalie ( o.8 . ) finish . Natalie bounce past he . she 's all smile . he hate she . back at the screen question number 26 . at 55 m.p.h. you come upon a large puddle of water . do you a-pump you brake . b-gently ease you foot off the gas pedal . c- accelerate . Les ' finger go from a to B and then to the side . he pause toil . he press A. wrong ! you have fail . his hand begin to shake . his eye freeze on the screen . it 's the end of the world . out of frustration he : whack the computer with both hand on either side . the screen blip off and stay off . he look up and around . all the student in he row have they hand up . what have he do ? int . office - day Les , nervously , wait at a counter with a crowd of people . miss hellman return . miss hellman Mr. Anderson , you will have to thank you sister for this one . les what do you mean ? miss hellman at the present moment , the Department of motor vehicle ' computer be down , so we can not get you test result . ( more ) ( continued ) 32 . continued : miss hellman ( cont would ) however , consider you sister receive a perfect score , we be go to pass you , and allow you to take you road test . ( beat ) how different can you and you twin sister actually be ? Les smile . his lip crack , he 's so happy . ext . les ' road test car - day cheery and full of life , Les open the door and peer in . inside the car sit mr. kelly . Hair slicked back , wear dark aviator sunglass , he 's the-sickest , most malign , frightening - leck human be you have ever see . Les ' stomach drop . int . natalie' car - day a stick shift . a typical road test car . a little nervous , she do not seem to have the grit she usually have . she 's have trouble adjust she seatbelt . mr. nice guy , she laid - back drive instructor , observe and look over he checklist . mr . nice guy let I help you with that . natalie I think I can get it . she struggle . he lean over , mash he body up against hers , fix the belt and hold it for a few mississippis too long . natalie thanks . mr . nice guy there 's nothing to be nervous about , Natalie . you will have you license before you know it . take you time . ( continued ) 33 . continued : inside les ' car Les , anxious to roll , listen to some last minute warning from Mr. Kelly . a full steaming cup of coffee sit on the dash . mr . kelly Anderson . I want you to take a long hard look at that cup of coffee . now I love my coffee . it may be the only thing I truly cherish on this god forsaken mudball we call earth . what I be try to say be that most inspector use a checklist . ( hold up the clipboard ) I do not believe in they . ( he throw it out the window ) what I do believe in , be my cup of coffee . you see , that coffee be hot , fill right to the brim . if it spill on I it will probably burn I . and no one like to get burn . so , if you burn I , you fail . if you do not , you pass . it 's as simple as that . ( beat ) whenever you be ready . inside natalie' car Natalie put she flicker on , check she blind spot , then pull out in first gear . a very rocky , jerky , start . natalie I be sorry . mr . nice guy no need to apologize , it happen to everyone . inside les ' car he gently slip the car into gear , balance the clutch and the gas like James bond diffuse a bomb . he perspire . one eye on the road the other on the cup . as he pull away : the coffee swishes , just barely hit the rim . he 's make it . Kelly take a sip , and then put it back . 34 . ext . d.m.v. we crane up above the lot as Les ' car follow Natalie 's car out of the lot . mr . kelly ( o.s. , drill sergeant ) make a leave at the intersection , Anderson . mr. nice guy ( o.s. , imitate the Pope ) Natalie , can you please make a right at the corner . Les ' car , cut across traffic , make a leave into the hectic city . Natalie 's car make a right into quiet suburbia . ext . quiet hilly side STREET - day Natalie 's car run smoothly down a residential street . ext . noisy MAIN STREET - day Les ' car be in the thick of Saturday morning traffic . a ambulance be behind they , siren wail ! amublance move to the right ! emergency ! move to the right ! ext. / int . natalie' car - day a ritzy quiet neighborhood . the car be set on a small hill , more like a bump . Inside the car , a air of tranquility . mr . nice guy let 's see how you can handle the clutch on a hill . it 's a joke . smoother than smooth . ext. / int . les ' car - day in traffic , at the top of what most skier consider the peak . a antique car pull within three inch of he back bumper . ( continued ) 35 . continued : Les check he rearview mirror . les ' p.o.v . - the antique car practically in he trunk . the coffee angle against the cup , a hair away from the rim . the light turn green . the guy honk . the coffee vibrate . droplet of sweat appear on he forehead . he release the clutch and smocthly pull away . the cup be fine . int . natalie' car - day not a move car in sight . bird chirp . all be well . mr. nice guy stop just up ahead of this car on the right . I would like you to parallel park . Natalie stop , signal right , then shift into reverse . the spot be big enough to park a 747 . she handle it easily . ext . hectic two way traffic - day Les , stop , have he right flicker on . traffic back up behind he . he 's to parallel park in a spot a stroller would have trouble fitting in . he do a textbook parking job . int . d.m.v. picture room - later Natalie . her typical sour expression . the flash pop . int . waiting room - day Natalie , at a bureau counter , wait for she license . attendant congratulation . drive safely . natalie thank you . 36 . ext . d.m.v . - day Natalie walk through the parking lot on she way home . we see Les , across the street , he leave flicker on , wait for a gap in the traffic . ext . D. M. V. parking lot - day as Natalie walk out of the parking lot , on she way home , Les pull in . we follow Les ' car as he 's about to park . int / ext . les ' car the coffee cup balance on the dash . Les be home free . but , suddenly , a girl run out in front of the car wave she new license at a friend . girl I get it . I get it . Les jam on the brake to avoid hit she . the cup on the dash fly into kelly lap . Les look at Kelly , plead , afraid . Kelly calmly pick the cup up then turn it over . mr. kelly you be in luck , Anderson . the cup be empty . see you on the battlefield sometime . Les , grateful , would love to hug Mr. Kelly . int . picture room - day close on les , a million dollar smile . the camera flash . int . waiting room - day Les , explode with anticipation , wait in line to pick up he license . the attendant signal he . he look at it : the Holy grail , the ark of the covenant . he can not walk . as he 's about to step away , the attendant stop he . ( continued ) 37 . continued : attendant ( look at a list ) Mr. Anderson . hold on , one second . someone want to speak with you . holding he license , he watch as the attendant , with list , walk over to miss hellman . his heart skip a beat . large bead of perspiration . miss hellman walk toward he . boom - boom , boom - boom , go he heart . his future pass before he . we hear voice in deep reverb . dad ( voice over ) just pass you driver 's exam , and then we will talk . mercede ( voice over ) sure . call I charle ( voice over ) life do exist outside a V - 8. dean ( voice over ) you be go to be free , Les . one of they ... one of they ... one of they . miss hellman well , well , Mr. Anderson . Mr. Anderson . Les snap out of it . les ( squeaking ) yes ? insert - test printout on printer miss hellman and her vicious smile his eye begin to water . miss hellman we be able to retrieve you test result from the computer , Mr. Anderson . and , as I suppose you already know , you fail . ( more ) ( continued ) 38 . continued : miss hellman ( cont would ) ( hand he he test result with one hand ) God giveth ... ( take the license with the other ) «-- and God taketh away . do not mess with the Department of motor vehicle ! as she rip up he license , the image blur . ext . neighborhood STREET - day devastate . walk sluggishly , stare at he fail exam . it 's the end of the world . he cram the test in back pocket . the edge of it stick out . a convertible vw rabbit whip by , music blaring . sixteen year old girl and guy rock to the music . probably the happiest day of they life . int . house - day Les enter . the house be quiet . there 's no one home . head down , he trek upstairs to he room . int . les ' room - les - day deeply depressed , walk into he room . his door be plaster with telephone message , all from Charles and Dean ; " pick I up . " " congratulation , you make it . " ... deeper depression . on he desk , a gift wrapped BOX . there 's a card on top . it read , " good driving . Love , Mom and dad . " he tear the wrapping off and look in . he pull out a chauffeur cap ! even deeper depression . daze , he stare at mercede 's picture . she never look better . he never look worse . we hear someone come into the house . mom and dad ( o.8 . ) hellooocccoo . helloocoooocce ... we be home . horror . he have to face he parent . 39 . int . baby room - day a newly decorate baby room . moby Mom and dad remove a crib from a box . Les slouched over , walk in . dad hey , sport . what 's the good news ? les ( deject ) Mom , dad , I have something to tell you . dad ( play ) you already dent the car . mom what be it ? Mom and dad look at he , eagerly . Les look they in the eye . what 's he gonna do ??? could this be it ??? suddenly , he frown become the biggest smile . he lock genuinely excited . he start to sing and dance around the room . les ( to the tune of soul man ) I be a free man . dodo , dodo , dodo , dodo . I 'ma free man , yaaahhh . mom congratulation . les thank youuuuuuuuu ... dad be it a breeze ? les like take candy from a baby . dad ( laugh ) I fill mom 's car up this afternoon , if you feel like take it for a drive . ( continued ) 40 . continued : les ( stop in he track ) no thanks , dad . I think I be gonna go to my room and lie down . I be exhaust . Mom and dad be puzzle . mom be there something wrong , Les ? les wrong ? be you kid I ? this be the great day of my life . sixteen - year - old with a license in my wallet . I could not ask for more . mom so why do not you want to take the car for a drive and celebrate a little , get it out of you system ? les I do not know if you guy remember ... sixteen year of wait and dream be a lot of pressure . it 's a very powerful moment , and I be not sure sit behind the wheel be the place for I to be right now . mom can we at least see you license ? les Mom , the picture be so ugly , I be even afraid to look at it . it smell . dad we be you parent , Les . we change you diaper , remember ? I be quite sure we could handle it . les ( leave the room ) sorry , dad . it 's worse than dirty diaper . ( continued ) 41 . continued : dad ( to Mom ) how can anything be worse than dirty diaper ? int . house stairway - day Les realize what he just back himself into , and he kind of like it . rudy come barging in the front door , excited as hell , look for he brother . Les be in full stride ... rudy run to he and slap he " high five . " rudy awwrighhhhht . ( beat ) when can we go for a drive ? les later , later . let I just make a few phone call . rudy busy it , another one sell . the phone ring . Les pick it up . int . les ' bedroom - day Les dance in , whistling , he 's a new man . he open he phone book and turn to the name " mercede , " beside a mercede benz symbol . he dial the number and wait ... it 's busy . just as he put it down , it ring . he pick it up . int . dean's basement bedroom - day tiny . Water pipe abound . a pigsty a pig would not live in . Dean hold the telephone up to the speaker . Charles hit play on the tape deck and suddenly the sound of a rock concert crowd cheering and scream blast out of the speaker . intercut Les and Dean . Les listen ... he love it . it finally fade out . dean you be the king , Les . you do it , man . how do it feel ? les deano baby ! hang on a second , I be look for my key . wait ! ( more ) ( continued ) 42 . continued : les ( cont would ) here they be . right beside my AAA card . they laugh . another one sell . int . shower - night Les be in seventh heaven , sing and whistling . int . laundry room - night Mom flick on the washer , then leave the room with a empty laundry basket balance on she stomach . int . bathroom - night Mom poke she head in , while Les be still in the shower . she grab he dirty underwear , sock and jeans . as she plop they into she basket , we see the corner of Les ' test result edging out of he back pocket . Les turn the shower off . dad pop he head into the bathroom . dad I wanna see you in the de in a few minute , chief . les ( on top of the world ) I be there . int . laundry room - night stand by the washer Mom empty everyone 's pocket ; dad 's , rudy 's , Les ' jeans ... without realize what it be , she place Les ' fail exam on the counter . as it sit there it partially unfold . Mom load the washer . int . den —- night dad sit with Natalie , wait for les. behind dad , rudy sit in front of a giant screen tv , with the sound off . he 's watch " the french connection . " dad ( frustrated ) where 's Les ? 43 . int . les ' bedroom - night wearing a bathrobe , he 's on the phone . still busy . confused , he leave the room . int . mercede ' room - night outfit scattered about . mercede be on the phone . girl ( voice over ) mercede , you could have any guy you would like . forget paolo . he 's old enough to be you mother 's young brother . mercede but why have not he call ? he 's go to the club tonight , I know it . int . den - night Les , full of life , sit beside Natalie . as dad talk , the famous chase scene from " the french connection " unfold . dad with Mom expect any day now , it 's extremely important that there be always one car at home . I can not make that any clearer . be I understand ? natalie ( sour ) yes. les absolutely , hundred percent . be that all ? dad Les ... we do not want Mom go into labor without a car here to drive she to the hospital . taxis be unreliable , and you both know how slow bus can be . if I be out , one of you must be here . ( more ) ( continued ) 44 , continued : dad ( cont would ) the same go for I when the both of you be out . the override consideration now be you mother . int . laundry room - early evening as Mom sort the laundry , she watch tv : a " pregnancy period " home video guide . a woman speak . beside Mom , rest on top of Les ' still partially - fold test , be a bowl of pickled pig' feet with chocolate syrup on it . woman ( on tv ) + + eas long as you be not experience any dizzy spell , and as long as you can still fit behind the wheel , you can safely drive short distance up to delivery day . do not , however , try to drive yourself to the hospital while in labor . int . den night dad continue . in the chase scene , behind he , popeye doyle swerve away , avoid a baby in a stroller . dad now , I have put together a list of the rule of the road that I think we should go over . dad pull out some note and hand a copy to Les and Natalie . les dad ... dad this way you will never be able to say you do not remember hearing they . take a minute to look they over . they may end up save you life . they flip through they . they can not believe it . int . les ' room — night Les walk into he room and without give it a think pitch dad 's rule and regulation into the garbage can . 45 . int . laundry room - night while gather everyone 's loose change and pocket content , Mom notice Les ' test result . she unfold the test sheet . it 's obvious he fail ! int . les ' room - close on a tape deck - night rock and roll . a tape record . Needles bounce . " mercede fast " be scrawle on the label . pull back ... we see rudy wear the chauffeur 's cap , stand by the rockin ' stereo . Les dial the phone . it 's ringing , finally . he signal rudy to turn it down . silence . Joy on Les ' face . mercede ( voice over ; sexy ) hello ... suddenlytittttrriritt the door burst OPEN the boy look up . it 's dad , carry a bottle of champagne and two glass . Les , receiver in hand , be stunne . he can not talk with he dad in the room . as he hang up the phone , we hear : mercede ( on the phone ) paolo ? be that you ? dad rudy . go downstairs . Les , my boy , we be drink a toast to you . rudy exit . les dad , that 's very thoughtful of you , but you know I should not be drink and drive . dad ( pop open the bottle ) Les . you just save I $ 26,000 . les how do I do that ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : dad ( pour he a glass ) first raise you glass . ( toast ) to save I 26,000 buckaroony . les ( take a sip ) I do not get it . dad twenty - three thousand for the BMW , and three thousand for the insurance . les ( excited ) how do I do that ? dad whip out the test . dad with this . Les be shattered . int . kitchen - night Mom have just tell rudy and Natalie about Les . rudy and natalie he fail ? iiitit int . les ' room - night ( same location - different dialogue ) Les sit on he bed , head down . dad kneel in front of he . dad Les , do it ever occur to you that you could have tell you mom and I . we be you parent , not the police . les ( ashamed ) I just figure that I could get through the weekend and take the test over Monday . dad I know what you figure ... ( continued ) 47 . continued : Les look out into nowhere land . dad come on , Les . it 's not the end of the world . les it feel like it . dad ( put he arm around Les ) you will recover . the great one always do . the doorbell ring . int . front hall - night Mom open the door . it 's karl , Natalie 's boyfriend . worker of the world unite !!! he wear horn-rimmed glass . karl good evening , Mrs. Anderson . be natascha home ? mom she will be down in a second . karl how be you feel ? mom Fine , Karl . thank you . karl I admire you for have the courage to bring a child into this oppressive world . mom ( call for help ) natalieeeee ... int . les ' room night on he bed , stare at the ceiling . pan to the clock over he bed . it read 8:50 . 48 . ext ./ int . karl beat -up citroen - night pull out of the Anderson driveway . it huff and it puff and it backfire . it sound like shit !! natalie be you sure you do not want to take my mother 's audi ? this car 's never go to make it to the rally . karl ( proud ) natascha , do not let this old warrior 's heartbeat deceive you . it have more than a lifetime worth of travel leave in it . int . mercede ' room - night mercede lie on the floor , beside the phone , with she foot up on a chair . she look sad and very alone . she roll over and grab the elle magazine off of she bed . leaf through it , something on the front cover catch she eye ... Les ' number . int . les ' room - the clock - it now read 11:15 - night pan back to Les in the same position . he have not move . the phone ring , and ring , and ring . he pick it up . intercut les ( pick it up ) hello . mercede be Les Anderson in , please ? les ( confuse ) this be les. mercede Les ? this be mercede Lane . do you remember I ? this can not be . ( continued ) continued : 49 . les ( try to be cool ) remember you ?... ah ... I be not sure . of course , mercede . how be you ? mercede a little lonely , actually . Les ' eye pop out . he cringe mercede I think we have a date this evening . I figure I would call you , since you have not call yet . les I be sorry . actually , I just get in . I be out ... deep sea fishing all day . at the sound of he feeble lie . mercede you have not change you mind about tonight , have you ? les tonight ? now ? no. mercede so you can pick I up in twenty minute ? ( no response ) he look at the clock and see the time . les hang on . Les put the phone down and look out he window at Mom 's audi 5000 park in the driveway . he bolt out of the room . int . hallway - outside parent ' bedroom - night Les gently open they door and peer in . the tv be on . Mom and dad be asleep . the key to the audi be on the night table beside dad . he close the door and take a deep breath . ( continued ) 50 . continued : les ( to himself ) a innocent girl , a harmless drive . what could possibly go wrong ? back in he room he slide in and pick up the phone . les ( with confidence ) mercede ? I will be there in half a hour . mercede great . and Les ?... can you bring some liquor ? les ( unbely ) liquor ? you mean alcohol ? a long pause . mercede Les ? les unh , unh . mercede vodka make I crazy . he must be dream . int . parent ' bedroom - les - night tiptoe to dad 's night table . Les reach for the key , but just as he 's about to snatch they , dad roll over , stretch out , plopping he hand down on top of they . it 's no use . Les walk out , turn the tv up even louder . int . kitchen - night Les search the drawer of a desk . he pull out a box of spare key ... nothing . he check other drawer ... nothing . he do not know what to do ... or do he ? 51 . int . garage - night Les walk - in and take a long hard look at the cadillac . it 's radiant . he look in and see the key in the ignition . les ( to himself ) Anderson , you should be castrate . int . live room - night a lock liquor cabinet . Les feel around back and pull out a SMALL magnetic tin BOX . a hide -a-key . he open the cabinet and pull out a full bottle of vodka . int . garage - night Les walk into the garage , carry a cooler and a flask . he lay they down beside the trunk . as he open the car door , the car alarm sound . it 's loud as hell ! he lunge into the car and turn it off . he listen for he parent . int . parent ' bedroom - night they be still asleep . ext . garage - night the garage door inch up . inside the car he turn the ignition part way , unlock the steering , then shift the car into neutral . the car do not budge . he get out of the car and begin to push it . it start to ... roll slowly , then pick up speed . he shuffles alongside , try to open the door . it roll onto the front lawn , head straight for the six - foot -high perfectly - manicured front hedge . Les hold he breath as the cadillac plow through Picasso 's hedge , onto the street , thumping to a stop against the curb . Les can not believe he eye : the seven foot gap in the hedge , and tire track in the lawn . as best he can , he prop the bush up , and stomp on the tire track . he run to : ( continued ) 52 . continued : the garage where he unscrew the light bulb and hit the automatic door control . he run back to the caddie . as he pull away in one direction : the citroen - banging and popping on its last leg , pull into the driveway from the other . natalie if you be not convinced this car 's about to die , maybe we should wait until it catch fire and cremate itself . karl need you be so cruel , natascha . natalie ( roll she eye ) let I just get the key to my mother 's audi . she walk into the house . a defeat Karl wait . int . parent ' bedroom - night dad and Mom be fast asleep , wrap in cover . Natalie search for the key . she finally spot they under dad 's hand . unlike Les , she pick up dad 's hand , and remove the audi key . dad wake up and look at she . she hold out the key . he smile and fall back to sleep . int . garage - night empty ! no cadillac . we hear the audi start up and pull away . no car at home !! int . parent ' bedroom - night as we hear the car drive away . pregnant Mom bolt in pain , grab she stomach . she turn on the light and wait for the pain to subside . she 's okay . she turn the light off . 53 . ext . mercede ' front door - night Les ring and wait . mercede open the door . she look stun . les you look great . mercede thanks , Les . you look cute . he smile . where 's the nearest justice of the peace ? int . caddie - night Les ' tape be a hit . loud. Heaven . mercede be have a great time . les so where do you feel like go ? mercede I know the perfect place . you will love it . mercede crank the volume even louder . as she do , a cop car squeeze by the caddie give Les a hard look . for the first time , we see in Les ' face the fear of what he 's about to get himself into . ext . EL ray be - nightclub - night a popular nightclub set in a unsafe neighborhood . the caddie be on a line for valet parking . inside the cadillac a ton of decibel . mercede sip on the flask , rock to the music . a neurotic Les watch the parker manhandle the car ahead of he . Cars fishtail , leave a cloud of blue smoke . the valet reach for Les ' door . Les hit the automatic lock switch . mercede open the door , Les . ( continued ) 54a . continued : les I can not . mercede what do you mean , you can not ? les ( pull out ) they will destroy the gear . if I let they touch this car , they will turn it into a manual transmission . I will park it myself . ext . dark alley - night a alley line with car with smashed window and miss bumper . Les back into the only remotely safe- look spot . the caddie light shut off . we hear a shriek . a gunshot . broken glass ! the caddie light turn back on . the car peel out . ext . cadillac - night they drive by the club , again , still look , but now they be on the other side of the street . mercede ( point to a spot ) there 's one . Les look . it 's perfect . huge under a street lamp . he pull in . les ( notice a parking sign ) I can not park here . mercede why not ? les it 's a tow zone . mercede on a Saturday night ? Les , nobody tow car on a weekend . look at all the car behind we . you think they be worried ? Les be . ( continued ) 55 . continued : mercede ( cont would ) relax . you be act like it 's the first time you have ever drive . she strike a nerve . she get out . ext . EL ray' entrance - night Les follow mercede as she approach the large crowd of people wait to get in . the doorman recognize mercede , wave she in , but stop Les dead in he track . les hey , come on , I be with she . doorman ( snobbish ) riiiiight . you would not be with she if she be you siamese twin . now , run on before someone steal you tricycle , mikie . forget it , Les . int . EL ray be - bar / foyer night before mercede realize Les be not with she , she spot paolo . to get up she nerve , mercede grab some guy 's glass of champagne off the bar , and downs it . the guy look on , confuse . mercede be a tad flushed . this may have be she first drink . she approach paolo . he see she . paolo ( feign charm ) mercede , what a lovely surprise . where be you high school ' throb heart ? mercede realize Les be not there . a beautiful sexy woman slither up beside paolo , and nibble on he ear . mercede be repulse . outside EL ray be Les , unable to weasel by the doorman , hustle up to a window where he watch mercede confront paolo . ( continued ) 56 . continued : behind he , at the caddie , we see a tow truck attach its clamp and clip to the cadillac 's frame . back inside EL ray' foyer mercede be very upset . paolo ( pour champagne ) please , mercede . sit down and join we for something to drink . mercede no thanks , but here 's something to go with it . outside EL ray' les watch mercede wind up and slap paolo . Les smirk , as paolo stand stunne . inside EL ray 's S mercede storm away . on the way out of the club , she grab the guy 's magnum of champagne from the bucket of ice . outside EL ray be Les wait for mercede . she stomp by he , back to the car , swigging the near- full bottle of champagne . Les turn to see ... the tow truck , about to pull away with the caddie . blindly , Les , run across the street . Cars screech and swerve . he stand in front of the truck . the driver be a overweight redneck cover in grease . redneck driver get out the way , boy . les ( jump on the truck 's hood ) you can not do this to my car . redneck driver ( roll out ) Boy , I have drive with deer , antelope , even with bear strapped to my bumper . ( more ) ( continued ) 57 . continued : redneck driver ( cont would ) a sixty - five pound sack a fly shit like you be not gonna shake I a hell of difference . les please , I will do anything . I can pay you . I will give you everything I have . he jam on the break . Les fly over the front hood . mercede can not believe it . ext . tow truck - moment later Les count out he money in front of the driver . the driver snatch the money , and walk around to the side of the truck . les be gentle . please . redneck driver for eighty dollar ? he hit a switch . the cadillac crash down . Les be mortify . the redneck driver jump into he truck , laugh . as he drive away , mercede approach a distraught Les . after another huge swig from the magnum , she offer he some champagne . mercede this might help . les ( harking back to he dad 's champagne toast ) no , thanks , I already have some tonight . mercede I be really sorry about this , I feel like it be all my fault . les Nah , I should have give the car to the valet . ( quiet ) it 's too bad about you friend . mercede he be a jerk anyway . I do not know why I even hang around with he . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 . continued : mercede ( cont would ) ( beat ) why do not we get out of here ? les and go where ? with the amount of money I have leave in my pocket , we have two choice . sit at a parking meter for twenty minute , or go buy ourselves a paper . mercede laugh . it really be not funny . mercede I know a quiet spot , with plenty of free parking . ext . forest - night a dense forest . cadillac brougham hell . we can barely see the beam of the cadillac 's headlight . int . cadillac - night the car bounce along on a steep , narrow dirt mountain road more suite for a horse or a 4x4 . whatever it be , it 's not good for the car . mercede have move beside Les . the radio be off . Les concentrate . quiet . we hear the pound of the shock and the occasional branch scraping the car . and then a mercede hiccup and a giggly '' excuse I . '' there Pov - straight ahead bit by bit , the tree vanish . there 's nothing but star . the entire city sit below we , glow like a expensive breach . it 's a glorious sight . Les stop the car . they get out . mercede , clutching she now three quarter empty bottle of champagne , stare up at the star . mercede be more than light head . she 's drunk . Les check the condition of the car . it look fine . Les gape at mercede and the surroundings . it 's a fantasy come true . a awkward silence . les this be unbelievable up here . how do you find this place ? ( continued ) continued : 59 . mercede someone I know use to take I here . ( Les be shattered ) not a boyfriend . my father use to bring I here to show I how pretty the world could be if you could step away and see it from a distance . Les do not know what to say . mercede ( cont would ) I have not be here in a long time . she 's about to sit in front of the car . Les lean the trunk revealing les ( diving between she ) wait , wait one second . I havea blanket . it will be more comfortable . mercede you sure come prepare . les ( ander he breath ) like a Boy scout . into the car and release the trunk lock . flip OPEN a expensive set of golf club . Les search the bag and pull out a blanket . he race to the front of the car and spread it out on the front hood . Les grin mercede ( in between swig ) all we be miss be some soft romantic music . and whip into the car . ( continued ) 60 . continued : inside the caddie he flip over he " mercede " tape to the " slow " side . he wait for it to begin . it 's the perfect song for the perfect moment . he smile and adjust the volume . but , just as he 's about to slide cut , the sound garbles and die . he eject the tape . it 's destroy . he flip on the radio . the reception suck . he shut it off and look out at mercede fill she glass up . he need music . he open the glove compartment . les ' p.o.v . - a row of cassettes grandfather 's top ten : como , bennett , torme , Sinatra , and humperdinck . he grab " greatest Hit of the 40' " and load it into the deck . " stranger in the night . " nestled in the wood , above the city , it 's beautiful . I wish it be I . mercede , deep in think and alcohol , gulp away . a awkward moment for Les . he look out at the spectacular view . sinatra " stranger in the night , exchange glance , wonder in the night , what be the chance , we would be share love , before the night be through . " mercede do you want to dance ? les to this ? where ? mercede ( get up on the hood with she stiletto heel ) right up here . you could not pray for a more romantic set . her heel on the hood be kill he , but he do not want to upset the momentum . he hop up . they get close . she 's taller . it 's awkward . sinatra ' Love be just a glance away , a warm embrace dance away . ' mercede maybe I should take my shoe off ? ( continued ) 61 . continued : Les look to the sky as if to say , " thank you , God . " they resume dance . as frankie sing on , they get closer and closer , until mercede attaches she mouth to Les ' . within moment they have ease themselves down onto the hood , and now they be really go at it . Passion ! sinatra ' it turn out so right , for stranger in the night . ' as frankie get into he " doobee doobee doos , " the song fade and we hear a thump . close on les his eve dart open . another thump . it 's the hood of the cadillac cave in . he can not even kiss she now . another thump ! he pull himself away , panicked . les get up . get off the hood . mercede what 's the matter ? les the hood be cave in . Quick , get off . sinatra ( the next song ) ' that 's life , that 's what people say . 's Les be destroy . there 's a huge deep dent in the hood . les oh my God . I will be make repair payment from siberia . ( pack up to go ) we have to get this fix . mercede ( plaster -- drink in hand ) what 's the rush , Les ? I love this song . les ( more to himself ) unfortunately , so do my grandfather . ( continued ) 62 . continued : Les leap into the car . mercede fall in . he try eject the cassette , but it 's jamme . he try to get it out . forget it . he lower the volume . she will not let he start the car , she 's all over he . she start kissing he neck , unbuttone he shirt , kissing he chest . mercede ( sexy ) you have such baby soft skin . he can not resist she . he begin to smile . suddenly she head drop into he lap . he wince ... and then we hear some snoring ... he look down . she 's fast asleep . int . dean's parent ' garage - night clutter with spare part , bike , tool , you name it . the cadillac be park beside the datsun . the hood be up . Dean pound the dent out from the inside . Charles , with a pocket camera hang around he neck , watch . Les pace nervously . dean you have ball , Les . you definitely have ball for snatching this car . I be impressed . charle let 's see the license . les forget it . it 's ugly . dean of course it be . Big deal . les nope . charle ( hold up he camera ) come on . let I take a picture of it . les okay . Dean turn around . Charles ready he camera . Les whip he open wallet by they nose . the camera flash . forget it . radar could not have pick it up . ( continued ) 63 . continued : les ( rub he eye from the flash ) happy , now ? dean ( turn to the hood ) take a look . Dean put the mallet down and gently drop the hood . Les crouch down to check . Dean stand , confident . les excellent work , Dean . really spectacular . you save I . dean so I guess we can go to archie 's now ? les Dean , I promise next weekend , but not tonight . mercede do not have to be home for a couple of hour . dean Les , take a look at something . Dean walk Les to the passenger side of the car . mercede be out cold , she face squish up against the glass . dean unless you be into some intense kinky shit , and you never know after tonight , this mercede have a dead battery . Les be depressed . Dean 's roll . dean we be talk about archie 's Atomic , Les . it 's in the middle of nowhere . you can not get there without a license . no bus , no train , no plane . only the slickest drive machine you have ever see . Dean pull a crumpled piece of paper out of he pocket and hand it to Les . ( continued ) 64 . continued : dean here be the direction my brother give I . Les glance at it . charle how do you know it 's any good ? you have never even be there . dean Charles , do I tell you what kind of dictionary to buy ? les ( look for a out ) I dunno , Dean . I be a little tired , I do not feel like drive on the highway . dean be you shittin ' I ? you get you license twelve hour ago and you be already tired of drive ? my mother make ridiculous statement like that . les forget it , Dean . I just can not . dean can not ? Dean grab the mallet and walk over to the hood . he lift the mallet high into the air , assume the executioner 's position . dean Fine . but as precise and delicate a task as it may have appear , fix that dent ... I could easily put they all back . les ( nowhere to go ) this place better be worth it . dean the drive alone will be worth it . 65 . ext . dean's house - a high angle - night back out onto the street . les ( o.8 . ) do you wipe you foot , Dean ? dean ( o.8 . ; like a baby ) yes , I wipe the concrete off my foot . ( sounding great ) two second in the car and I can already feel the change . this be too much . Charles , push in the lighter , I have a surprise for everyone . inside the caddie Dean hold out three cigar . behind he , we see mercede out cold . Charles still have he camera around he neck . les no way , Dean . not in here . dean Les , this be a car , not a oxygen tent . les forget it . if there 's even the slight evidence to suggest that I take this car , my dad will slaughter first and ask question later . Dean bounce back into he seat , shaking he head . quiet . Dean smirk ... and then the loudest fart you have ever hear . they crack up . ext . suburban street - night sparsely crowded , the caddie crawl along in the middle lane at a tortoise 's pace , be pass by car , leave and right . ( continued ) 66 . continued : inside the car sheer boredom . Charles take it in stride . Dean watch incredulously as a jogger pass they on the right and a STREET sweeper pass they on the leave . dean Les , how about take the car out of neutral and put it in gear ? a bath be more exciting than this . Les take it like a man . ext . CITY street - night stop at a red light . inside the car Dean have give up . we hear the funeral March horn ... " dum , dum , dadum ... dum , dadum , dadum , dadum . " the glossy black gto with the three demented high school dropout , pull up beside they revvvvvving its engine . inside the caddie the making of a drag . this be what Dean have be wait for . the stare . the challenge . Charles and Dean smirk at the driver . Les revs he engine . Charles and Dean smile at Les ... the light turn GREEN ! sorry boy . Les pull away slowly , while the gto screech away leave they in a cloud of burnt rubber . dean what ? Les be you sixteen , or be you sixty ? you could have give that gear head a run for he money . les Dean , this be my grandfather 's car . get I a car that I be not genetically related to , and I assure you thing will change . dean Les . no one 's ask you to break the sound barrier . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 . continued : dean ( cont would ) it just feel like we be on some sort of kiddie ride , that 's all . charle give he a break , Dean . he just get he license . dean his tractor license . I mean what 's the point ? what 's the damn point of drive a car if you be not go to take advantage of it ? les whatever happen to you belief about car represent freedom in America ? dean at twenty mile per hour ? charle what 's the difference ? twenty , eighty , you be in a car . dean there 's a big difference , Charles . freedom at eighty mile per hour be America . freedom at twenty mile per hour be communism . end of round one . the fighter return to they corner . int . parent ' bedroom - night light out . window open . curtain blow . Mom have the blanket off . dad be wrap in they . mom honey ? ( shove he ) honey ? dad grunt . mom be it hot in here or be it just I ? dad it 's you . ( continued ) 68 . continued : mom oh , it feel like a sauna in here . dad would you like I to go down to the garage and turn on the air conditioning ? mom no , it 's okay . I could lose a few pound . int . downstair hallway - night dad walk like a zombie open the door to the garage . dad be p.o.v . - the garage pitch black . can not see a thing . he try flick on the light . no luck , Les unscrewe they . he leave the garage . in the bedroom Mom be back under the cover . the tv be on . in the kitchen dad open a drawer , pull out a flashlight and test it . dad at the door to the garage about to open it , flashlight on . suddenly ... the intercom boom on , startling dad . mom ( intercom ) Richard ? Richard ? dad yes . mom I change my mind . I be not hot any longer , I be under the cover now . I be hungry . can you make I a herring and mayonnaise sandwich ? ( beat ) with extra bacon bit ? dad suddenly feel ill . 69 . ext . highway - the cadillac - night motor down the highway , be pass by everyone . inside the cadillac they be still in they corner , hang onto they pride . mercede , asleep or unconscious , be huddle in the backseat . Les inch up to fifty - four mile per hour , then lock in the cruise control . he try eject the cassette . it 's still jamme . he turn it on . frankie ... this be cadillac cruise at its finest . mercede shift position , cuddle up against Dean . guess who 's smile now ? ext . highway - night the cadillac glide along . int . cadillac - les - night frankie set the mood . we hear a click . a camera flash fill the car . charle and les turn around mercede lie on the backseat with she top few button undone . a bit of she bra be expose . les you asshole ! button up she shirt ! now ! dean forget it , les. look at us. ( gently ) at the present moment we be three wild animal bombing down the highway in a cadillac with the cruise control set on fifty - five . les well , excuse I , that 's the speed limit . I do not need a ticket my first night out . ( continued ) 70 . continued : dean a ticket ? look at you windshield . we be move so slowly the fly have time to get out of the way . les very funny . dean not only that . listen to this crap . my parent do not even listen to this . charle Dean , you need a doctor . Dean click off another picture . les ( reach back ) gimme the camera , Dean . Dean ignore he , snap another . Les lunge back , one eye on the road . he grab the camera . they struggle . the caddie start to swerve . Charles try to break they up . in the commotion the camera flash go off right in Les ' eye . les shit ! Les be blind . the car swerve , recklessly . Dean laugh , hysterically . Charles brace himself . les ' p.o.v . - the highway as jimi hendrix would see it a purple haze . a exit ramp . ext . ramp a sign say " reduce speed to twenty " - night the car bomb uncontrollably down the ramp head straight for a busy intersection . but just ahead , a huge puddle , the one Les sleep through in class , the one he get wrong on the exam . he jam on the brake !!!!! what a idiot . hitting the water , the caddie spin out of control , and slide through the intersection backward , just narrowly miss traffic . ( continued ) 71 . continued : les whip the car back around . but it do not matter , the windshield 's a blur , cover in water . a terrify Les feel for the windshield wiper . get ‘em . instant vision : truck's headlight - head straight for they he scream , yanking the car leave , across traffic , through a plywood fence , then off : a very steep incline they be airborne . Dean howl like a cowboy . the caddie glide through the AIR landing on a muddy hill , cushion the fall . temporary relief . very temporary . terrify face , as the car race through high grass , and suddenly explode into : the parking lot of a shakey be slamm to a stop in a parking space , pull in perfectly , next to a older japanese tourist couple in a dodge station wagon . they pull out as if nothing happen . inside the caddie - on les inhaling and exhaling . glad to be intact , he look ahead , he hand lock to the steering wheel . in the backseat , mercede , still out cold , be mushed on top of Dean . her lip glisten , a millimeter away from he . grinning , he stretch to meet mercede ' lip . we see some sign of life in mercede . she 's waking up . she do not look well . Dean 's lip be almost there . stretch ... almost ... lip pucker ... mercede ( i11 sounding ) I have to throw up . les spin around les open the door . get she out ! dean ioca not . I be trap . help I ! ( continued ) 72 . continued : mercede moan . Les jump out , rip open the back door . les not in the car , please . Les tear a barely conscious mercede off Dean . mercede ' p.o.v . -— romeo he hold she in he arm . she close she eye . les practically drop she on the pavement , more worried about the car . Charles stagger out of the car , move as if all he bone be break . Dean bounce out . dean I apologize for everything , bro . that be definitely worth the price of admission . in fact , that ride make up for a whole life of boredom . Les survey the car . other than the fact that it 's cover in grime and dirt , it look okay . charle where the hell be we ? Dean see something across the street and walk towards it , mesmerize . dean be p.o.v . - " sick sam' 24 hour rent a car " a slimy fourth rate organization . it sound incredible , but up on a very steep ramp , high above the lot , light with spotlight , under a sign that say , " only $ 180.00 a week , " be be 1972 cadillac - a exact replica of the one they be drive . walk closer , it 's the same color , same wheel , same everything . shiny clean , like new . we heat a faint chorus of angel . back at the car Les be still rattle . Charles be better . charle I think the muck save the paint . ( continued ) continued : mercede , 73 . les we need a car wash , and then we be go home . dean ( no sympathy ) Les , we be almost at archie 's . we can not turn back now . les ( dead serious ) we be get the car wash , and then we be go home . lie half dead on the ground , moan . dean I do not think you want she in you car , Les . I think she 's about to blow . charle ( look back ) he 's right . it would not hurt to get she a soda or something . dean look , Les . ( point out a hose coiled against a wall ) there 's a hose right over here . while we hose the car down , Charles can go in here with mercede and get she something to drink . les Charles ? charle ( somewhat reluctant ) sure . Charles gather up mercede and carry she in the side entrance . mercede ( a gonna 's ) you have such baby soft skin . Charles blushes . Dean grab Les by the arm , to walk he over to the sidewalk . ( continued ) 74 . continued : dean I want you to see something . ( motion to the caddie on the ramp ) look up there and tell I what 's on you mind . les death . dean not you . the car . do anything strike you as odd ? les it 's a cadillac . dean not only be it a cadillac , but it 's this one 's clone . exactly the same year , color , wheel , everything . les so. dean I just want you to think about it . les Dean . dean Fine . but just promise I you will think about it . les can we hose the car down , now ? they walk back to they caddie . int . shakey be - night Charles and mercede in a booth . slump over on the table , mercede look dead . a waitress walk by , give Charles a disdainful look . ext . shakey be - parking lot - night hose down , the car look like new again . Les be relieved . ( continued ) continued : 75 . dean have you be think about the car ? les what 's this all about , Dean ? dean just listen to what I have to say and do not interrupt I until I be through . okay ? les Fine . int . shakey be - night we hear Les ' reaction echo through the restaurant . les ( o.8 . ) be you out of you fucking mind ? !?!? everyone look up . outside in the parking lot les ( outrage ) I will not do that ! I will not switch car ! you be a nut ! dean ( plead ) you will never get a opportunity like this again , as long as you live . ( beat ) we will cruise up to archie 's without worry about scratch the paint , dirty the interior , or smash the car . look at the car , Les . not a scratch . ( beat ) if you ask I , it 's a sign from the Mr. goodwrench in the sky . les I do not believe in Mr. goodwrench . ( continued ) 76 . continued : dean there 's still time to convert . ext . outside sick SAM be - night Les and Dean stand below the cadillac ramp . lle ' eye be get wider . Les look dean you work real hard for that license you have in you wallet . you have have sixteen year of humiliation , begging for lift from people who could not give a shit about you image . that be not easy . I know . you have to stand and watch as all the pretty girl in we grade drive away smile in some older jerk 's car , and grin and bear it when the girl of you dream ask you what kind of car you drive . but that 's all over now . ( beat ) that thing in you wallet be not just a ordinary piece of paper , Les . it 's a license , a automobile license . but it 's not even just a automobile license , it 's a license to live . do you hear I , Les ? a license to live , to be free , to go wherever you want , whenever you want , with whoever you choose . that license in you pocket be the single most liberate document you will come across in you whole life . I would die to have one . ahead . I think he 's sell . dean Les , to live in fear , be not to live at all . les what about get the car back ? dean a breeze . if the attendant 's awake , we use Charles as a decoy . he look old enough . 77 . ext . office booth - night tiny and sleazy . Les and Dean 's reflection can be see in the window . a radio play some easy listen music . a old - timer with a single strand of hair slicked back lounge in he chair , fast asleep . his name tag read , sick SAM . a revolver sit in a half open desk drawer . Les and Dean do not see it . the cadillac key be clearly mark , on the board above he . opposite the board , there be a hole for people to talk through . Dean try the door . it 's lock . he look at Les as if to say , " at least we try . " Les signal for he to wait a second . ext . grandpa's cadillac - close on the trunk - night as it lift open . the blanket , and cooler , and the golf club . Les reach into the golf bag and pull out a ball fetcher . ext . the office booth - night the ball fetcher extend through the hole , barely grasp the cadillac key . as Les gently pull it back , the key fall and land on sick Sam 's shoulder . they sit there like bird shit . Les maneuver the ball fetcher like a fine surgeon , lift the key off sick Sam 's shoulder . he pull they out . a big sigh . Dean reach into the office and turn up the radio . les run up the ramp and get inside the car . the interior be so white , it 's eerie . he slip the caddie into neutral , and carefully roll it down the ramp , backwards . Dean push he out of the lot . int . shakey 's - night a bored Charles , a couple of coke , and sleep beauty . ext . roller coaster ramp - night grandfather 's cadillac rest on the ramp just as the other one do . only this one have a front license plate that read grandpa . ( continued ) 78 . continued : at the office booth Les switch the rental key with grandpa 's key , and then attaches it to the ball fetcher . he reinsert it in through the hole , and place it back up on the hook . ext . rental caddie - night Les and Dean , all smile , quietly get into the caddie . they drive across the street . int . / ext . shakey be - night leave . Les carry a green mercede . Dean hold a steaming hot slice of pizza . a perplex Charles carry the coke . ext . cadillac - close on the trunk - night it flip open . les ( o.8 . ) I do not know if this be a good idea . Les hold mercede . Charles and Dean remove the club and the cooler . dean what be you talk about ? ina half hour there 's gonna be babe all over we . she will kill it for we . as Les place she down in the trunk , she open she eye . mercede ' p.o.v . - les holding she . he smile . look like gene Kelly . he lay she down gently , and then cover she with the blanket . she may as well be in she own bed . she 's in another world . dean in all you life , do you ever imagine you would see a mercede fit in the trunk of a cadillac ? les I feel bad . ( continued ) 79 . continued : dean for she ? that trunk be bigger than my bedroom . Les gently lower the trunk . mercede ( sweet ) turn the light off , daddy . the trunk close . the screen become black . ext . two lane highway - night factory , plant , warehouse ... the caddie speed along . inside the cadillac pepsi cup on the dash . rock on the radio . Les be a new man . Charles be very confuse . Dean , wear funky sunglass and a corny golf visor , be stretch out in the backseat between the golf club and the cooler . he stuff he face with pizza . charle the radio work . les I fix it . dean whoops , I just drop some pizza on the seat . les leave it , deano . I will get it later . charle what 's go on ? a hour ago you be afraid one of we would fart in here , and now you do not even flinch when Dean drop tomato sauce on the seat . do not you care about what happen to the car ? les ( a la Dean ) sure I care . but , there 's something special about tonight , Charles ... ( more ) ( continued ) 80 . continued : les ( cont would ) about mercede , about the car survive the spinout without even a scratch , about we , be in a car , alone , without any parent . ( beat ) Charles , we have be wait for this night for sixteen year . if I have to worry about fart and tomato sauce now , when I be twenty - five I will be live in a room with rubber wall . Dean lean over , crank the volume up , howl with excitement . dean relax , charle !!! there's nothing to worry about !!! int . sick sam' office booth - night sick Sam , snore now , lean way back in he chair , flinch and send he chair tipping over backwards . he wake up , startle . int . bedroom - night Mom , wide awake , finish she herring and mayonnaise sandwich . dad try to sleep . late night news be on tv . a female correspondent stand in a crowd of protester . they circle peacefully with placard , rhythmically chant : '' we be one with the infinite SUN , forever and ever and ever ... '' anchorwoman I be stand outside the gate of ally Technologies , where a group of peaceful protester have gather to demonstrate against the late night transportation of military hardware through we city street ... ext . demonstration - night outside the gate of allied technologies . Dozen of protester hold hand and chant . several police car pull up . Police step out and disperse . Natalie look on nervously . Karl chant . ( continued ) 81 . continued : natalie Karl , I do not have a good feel about this . can we go home ? karl go home ? natascha , we can not be patsy to the military industrial complex . the survival of the planet be in we hand . she be not sell . ext . deserted two lane highway - night the cadillac zip by , on its way to : archie' atomic broiler High tech fifty , it 's more fantastic than Dean describe . it 's the most spectacular curb service hangout on the planet . rock and Roll blast through the sound system . beautiful people dance , mingle , and lean up against they stylish , squeaky clean car , sip coke and eat ice cream sundae . int . / ext . cadillac - the boy pull to a stop on the lip of its entrance , they face aglow , they mouth hang open . we hold at a distance as the caddie pull into archie 's and park beside a white studebaker that 's pull out . they get out to order . with the boy - walking up to order chrome glisten . you can see you reflection on every surface , it 's more than immaculate . and the woman ... more than any man can handle , even Dean . busty , curvaceous " tart " on roller skate , they hair flow in the wind , whisk in between and around the car . Dean spot three sugar sweet girl stare at they . dean ( to Les and Charles ) order for I , I will get dessert . Dean veer off . the girl smile at he when they see he come . Les and Charles get on line to order . 82 . ext . archie' counter - moment later two trays slide out , overflow with golden french fries , juicy burger , and bubbly coke ... a carbonate mist . Charles and Les step away from the counter with they trays . they walk back to the caddie and attach the trays to the window . they get : into the caddie Dean jump in , all smile . dean it 's all set , they will be here ina couple of minute . one for each of we . a black car pull in beside they , while Les pass out the fries and the coke , place he and Charles ' on the dash . charle I will never doubt you again , Dean . les my dream never get this good . dean my fantasy never get this good . and this be only the beginning . as Charles reach for the burger , the salt shaker go fly . daze and starve , Charles swing open the door ... chink as the door slam open against the car they be park beside . they turn : it's the black gto Charles stand there look silly . the insane driver and he two crazy friend , swigging on bottle of whiskey , get out of the gto and surround Charles . he wilt back into the caddie , slamm the door behind he . some of the food fall off . inside the caddie Dean can not believe what 's happen . les Jesus . it 's that maniac from the party . ( continued ) 83 . continued : charle ( panic ) Roll up the window ! Quick ! Roll they up ! as the window zip up , Dean reach for a burger , and just barely grasp one . the window close on he hand and the burger . dean Charles , you spasticate idiot . the window zip down and up . Dean pull he hand in and drop the burger . the burger and sundae be still on the trays . they watch like kitten as the three dropout inspect : the damage - close on the gto door there 's definitely a paint chip . nothing major , but enough for three homicidal maniac to slaughter three innocent kid over . while the two buddy stare maniacally at Charles , the driver reach into the car and pull out the baddest look tire iron you have ever see . he signal with he index finger for the boy to get out of the car . inside the caddie les ( start the car ) oh my God . dean what the hell be you do , Les ? you can not back away from this motherfucker , they be just toy with you . charle Dean , that motherfucker be motherfuckers . I would not mess with they or anyone related to they . the Driver , swinging the tire iron , jump up on the front hood . at the same time the three sweet girl Dean pick up approach the caddie . Dean duck . Les pop the car into reverse and fishtail out . ( continued ) 84 . continued : the Driver hold on as long as he can . then he go fly off the hood . the food go fly off the trays . the french fries and coke on the dash jerk back on the seat . the two crazy friend laugh as the caddie retreat with the trays attach to the window like toy wing . the Driver get up , angrier than hell . the buddy shiver in they boot . the Driver jump into the car . they be come after Les . inside the caddie Les race away . Dean want to cry . he turn . the girl stand confuse . archie 's fade in the distance . Charles spot the dropout get into they car . charle shit ! they be come after we . Les floor it . cut right across the path of a cop car pull into the parking lot . the gto driver revs he engine , then squeal back , without look ... smash . direct hit into the car . they be not go anywhere . push in on the gto Driver . he look back at the gto 's damage , then watch as the cadillac speed away , cut down a side street . he want blood . the driver of the smashed car look at the damage on he car then at the gto driver . spark . ext . deserted area of town - night the caddie bomb down the street like a terrify cat . ext . deserted industrial factory area - night lose . the caddie sit at a fork in the road . the light inside the car be on . int . / ext . caddie - night Dean look over the direction he brother give he . dean shoot I . hang I . what can I say ? the direction be for get there , not for run away . ( continued ) 85 . continued : les ( tired of Dean 's attitude ) well , it really do not matter at this point , do it ? which way should we go ? dean charle left. right . Les shake he head . we watch as the car veer to the right , and follow it as it go down the street and stop at a corner . inside the caddie Les look ahead , curiously . les ' p.o.v . - a procession of tow truck travel in front of he , from right to leave . each one tow a car : pickup truck , volkswagen beetle , old tired - look american car , all with fade paint . and then a showroom audi 5000 turbo , just like Les ' mom 's . les ( o.s8 . ) that audi look just like my mother 's . we hold on it , then turn right , against the procession . ahead , we see a crowd of people , a tv crew , and some police car . charle ( o.s8 . ) what the hell be go on here ? ext . demonstration - night the fervor grow in intensity . a sense of anticipation . voice in the crowd here they come ! here they come ! cop ( on a bullhorn ) please disperse the area ! please ... ( continued ) 86 . continued : Karl and a frighten Natalie join hand with the other , all look up the road . the crowd be p.o.v . - the cadillac lead a huge - convoy of : military half track five of they . massive . the length of two football field . the hose from a titan missile stick out from a camouflage tarp , almost extend over the cadillac . inside the caddie - with the boy fear and confusion . ahead , some angry protester lie on the road , block they way , while other run towards the caddie . ext . demonstration - night the caddie trudge along , as protester swarm the car and convoy . cop ( on a bullhorn ) please disperse the area , immediately ! Karl , drag Natalie , run with the crowd . int . / ext . caddie - night the car rock . the guy hang on for they life . les ' p.o.v . - hand slapping the window angry face . one of they be Karl . les I know that guy . he 's my sister 's he see he sister . she do not see he . les ( blow away ) oh shit ! my sister ! ( continued ) 87 . continued : dean where ? les duck ! if she see we , I be finish . Natalie be beside Karl , as he bang on the hood like a maniac . Les peek up . Karl 's face be press against the driver 's side window . Natalie see Les . he see she . she 's in shock . Les plead through the glass , mouth everything , make sure she will understand . les please ! I beg of you ! do not tell daddy ! I will do anything ! I promise ! Natalie try to get Karl to stop . in the b.g. we see Les plead , mouth , " please ... " natalie Les ! what be you do ?!!! you do not even have a ... inside the caddie we see she mouth " license , " but we do not hear it . the cadillac inch by Natalie . she look at Les in a almost envious manner , wishing she be there instead of here . we hear police siren . int . parent ' bedroom - on the tv live . behind the reporter , the cadillac crawl o.s. reporter as you can see behind I , what start as a peaceful protest , have now mushroom into a substantial demonstration . Mom and dad sleep soundly . 88 . ext . CITY street - night the cadillac speed away from the demonstration . inside the cadillac les ( panicked ) you do not know my sister , Dean . she 's be wait for this moment she entire life . when I be seven , she wake my parent out of a deep sleep to tell they I say the word ' fuck . ' I have gotta get home . dean how be get home go to change anything ? she see you . ( beat ) do a escape convict turn himself in when he know he 's go to be execute ? les if he mother be pregnant and expect any minute ? yes ! there be no car at home . my dad will reinvent the guillotine if he find out . ext . demonstration - night cop arrest protester leave and right . Karl drag Natalie in front of the half tracks . he pull she down to the road , join other to block the convoy . karl ( lie down ) natascha , can we please forget the cadillac and you brother ? there be far more significant issue in this world . natalie ( sit up ) I do not consider my family a insignificant issue . I have gotta get home . ( more ) ( continued ) 89 . continued : natalie ( cont would ) with my mother pregnant , there 's no possible way my father will let he out with the second car . suddenly , cop grab Karl and a shocked Natalie , and yank they o.s . int . parent ' bedroom - night the news coverage continue . dad , half asleep , blindly aim the remote control , try to turn the tv off . he do not notice Karl and a frighten Natalie be lead into a paddy wagon . the tv click off . ext . STREET - night the caddie coast along . up ahead ... a officer wave car over randomly with he flashlight . he signal the caddie . it 's a drunk drive roadblock . inside the caddie Les be white . they pull in behind a car with its trunk flipped OPEN . while the plaster driver lean up against the car , a cop examine he license under a flashlight . les this be great . this be really classic . dean what be you sweat for Les ? a license be like a credit card . sooner or later , you gotta break ‘em in . Les be stung . a huge cop walk to the car , shine he flashlight in Les ' eye , lean in , and inhale deeply . the cop pause ... all of a sudden , we hear a hiccup . the boy lock at each other . it 's mercede . the cop hold he look . more hiccup . Dean and Charles pretend it 's they . huge cop ( suspicious ) license and registration . Les do not move . ( continued ) 90 . continued : huge cop license and registration , son . charle what 's the matter , Les ? give it to he . les ( shaking ) I leave my license at home , sir. Charles and Dean look on in disbelief . huge cop then give I the registration anda piece of i.d . pull out he wallet , he hand the cop a school i.d. card . les this be all I have , Sir . I be afraid the registration be with my license . huge cop alright . sit tight . the cop jot down the caddie 's license plate number and then return to he car , where he pick up the radio mouthpiece . charle why do not you give he you license , Les ? what be that you flashed in front of we before ? les my school i.d. dean how could you forget you license you first night out ? Les can not hide it any longer ... les I do not . ( cleanse himself ) I fail my exam . charle and dean you what ?! ( continued ) 91 . continued : les I fail . I get six wrong . dean you mean to tell I you have be drive around all night without a license ? Les nod . Dean laugh like a mad man . charle at least you do one smart thing tonight . you steal the car froma family member . they be less likely to press charge . Les and Dean look at each other . Charles know something 's up . charle what 's go on ? int . cop car - night two cop . the huge cop hold Les ' i.d. huge cop Jesus Christ ! this punk do not even have a license ! the radio chatter : something big be go on . radio we have a full emergency situation at ally tech . a possible four - fifteen , riot group ... stand by for instruction . int . cadillac - night charle ( raging ) you trade car ? you trade car ? be you guy lunatic ? people go to prison for lesser crime . we have a future ahead of we ... transcript , application , resume . this ' 1ll go on we record . we be scar for life . ( continued ) 92 . continued : les nobody 's go to jail , Charles . we be juvenile . charle speak for yourselves . dean Charles ? will you take a pill , or something . nothing 's gonna happen . CUT to : ext . cadillac - night the boy , spread -eagled against the car . they be be frisk . Charles give Dean a look . huge cop ( to Les ) would you mind open the trunk for I ? the boy swallow at the same time . Les take the key from the ignition , and walk slowly , very slowly , to the trunk . les ' hand shake as he try to fit the key in the key hole . inside the cop car the radio be loud and clear . radio emergency fifty - four zero five !!! fifty -four zero five ! maximum assistance be require . back at the cadillac trunk Les slip the key in . he 's about to turn it ... suddenly , we hear a very loud siren . they look up . the cop leap from he car , siren wail , scream and motion for he partner . ( continued ) 93 . continued : cop let 's go ! fifty -four zero five in progress !!! the huge cop take off . as the cop car speed away , Les do not know whether to smile or to cry . dean piece of cake , Les . let 's go get the car . int . sick sam' office - night Sam tidy up . he pull out the revolver , check it , and put it in he shoulder holster . he then take the cash from the register and put it in a cash BOX . humming a happy tune , he reach along the wall to click a switch . he look at the lot 's sign : SAM be p.o.v . - sick sam' 24 hour rent-a-car the light behind " 24 hour " go off . it now read : " sick Sam 's Rent a car . '' int . cadillac - night Les be park down the street from the car lot . they can just see the " grandpa " caddie up on its " throne . " les now remember , Charles , make it sound like you have get a lot of money to spend , but insist on a test drive . without one , you be not interested . can you handle that ? charle ( nervous ) do I have a choice ? they both look at he . les whenever you be ready . Charles hesitates , then get out of the car . but before he can take two step , he stop dead in he track . in plain sight the cadillac be be backed down the ramp . Les squeak . ( continued ) 94 . continued : les I be dead . I be so dead , they be gonna have to bury I twice . inside grandpa's caddie roll down the ramp . the cash box sit beside sick Sam . int . cadillac - night silence . they watch the cadillac squeal out of the lot . charle now what ? les ( jam the car in gear ) we do not have any choice . we follow he . charle how do you know where he 's go and when he will stop ? les he 's get to live somewhere around here . ext . deserted highway - night Les travel a few car length behind Sam . inside les ' caddie 6.1 on the nerve scale . the gas reserve light flash . they be run out of gas . charle ( whimper ) why could not have you have steal a Honda or a diesel rabbit , something with better highway mileage ? dean Charles , I know it 's uncomfortable sit in wet diaper , but can you just quit cry for a minute ? ( back to business ) ( more ) ( continued ) 95 . continued : dean ( cont would ) Les , I would say at the most , you have thirty mile in the reserve tank , at the least , you have ten . les zeroe out the trip mileage recorder int . sam' caddie - night Sam fiddle with the radio . Sinatra : ext . highway - night Sam pass through a burnt - out slum neighborhood , signal to turn off . Les follow : ext . bombed out neighborhood - night desert street . a ghost town . scarier and scarier . you would not want to run out of gas here , even in a armored car . inside les ' caddie the mileage recorder read twelve . Les follow a block behind . les ' p.o.v . - sick SAM cut down a narrow alley . Les wait a moment , then follow , turn off he light . ext . dark alley - night Sam drive very slowly . at the end of the alley , we see a neon bar sign flicker . Sam drive out of the alley and park in front of the bar . inside les ' caddie Les coast to the lip of the alley and put the car in park . dean I have hear of be hard up for a drink , but this be ridiculous . charle I do not think I would want to go in there . ( continued ) 96 . continued : les I do not think the terminator would want to go in there . inside sam' caddie Sam place the cash box on the floor of the passenger side , under the dash . he get out and lumber into the bar . inside the cadillac Dean lean in between Les and Charles . they be strategize . les ( to Dean ) as goon as you see I turn the light on , pull in behind I . and leave he key in the ignition . it 's the least we can do . charle what about the hide - a- key ? what happen if it 's not there ? les it better be there . ( beat ) be you ready ? dean Les , I be bear ready . Les get out of the car , sprint down the alley and across the street . Dean jump over into the driver 's seat . ext . bar - night Les , down on he hand and knee , feel under the back bumper of grandpa 's caddie ... nothing ! he run to the front bumper . we hear the familiar sound of a revved engine . and then we hear " dum , dum , dadum ... dum , dadum , dadum , dadum . " Les lay down as flat as possible , roll beneath the caddie . les ' p.o.v . - front underneath the car the tire of the gto approach just as Les spot the hide - a - key BOX . he open it up . the key sparkles . ( continued ) 97 . continued : inside the caddie - charle and dean watch as the black gto , scratch and dent from they duel , pull up behind the caddie . dean Holy shit ! inside the gto revenge . you can smell it . driver hey , that 's the caddie that fuck we up . let 's thrash it , man . they open they door . les ' p.o.v . - boot walk toward he cowboy boot , construction boot , the tip of a tire iron , and a sledgehammer . all of a sudden he hear the shatter of glass . one of the dropout kick in the headlight with he cowboy boot . the driver pound the bumper with a sledgehammer . the third guy hack off the side mirror , hubcap , and the windshield wiper with a tire iron . les cringe with each blow . he can not take it any more . witha burst of confidence he pop up from beneath the caddie . shock , the dropout stop they destruction . Les check out the damage . take charge . les hey . hey ! what the hell do you think you be do , man ? ( motion to the driver hold the sledgehammer ) gimme that . the driver do not move . he 's too stunne . les come on ! what be you , attach to it ? gimme it ! ( more ) ( continued ) 98 . continued : les ( cont would ) ( grab it out of the driver 's hand ) you think you geniuse know how to wreck a car ? I will show you turkey how to fuck one up . Les grab the sledgehammer and as convincingly as possible wind up , roll he eye , look for help from God , and smashes the front bumper . to everyone 's surprise the bumper fall off , crash to the ground . Les can not believe it . les that 's how you fuck one up . ( point to the dislodge side mirror ) none if this pansy side mirror shit . my grandmother could knock that off with a walk stick . ( throw the sledgehammer back to the driver ) here 's you teddy bear back . the dropout be blow away by Les ' performance . inside the caddie Charles and Dean watch , unbely , as the dropout start to close in on Les . Les shuffles backwards , toward the bar . dean we gotta do something . outside the bar Les continue he act . they be look meaner . les now , I be gonna walk inside this shit hole , plant my bad ass down at the bar , and get mess up . and when I walk outta here in about twenty minute you candy - ass faggot better not be play with my ride . ( point to the gto ) otherwise I be gonna have to show you dude how a one - man wreck crew act when he feel like throw a party . Les turn , walk away , check over he shoulder to see they reaction . they do not buy it . they follow he in . ( continued ) 99 . continued : back at the caddie Dean and - Charles slip out of the cadillac . les walk into the bar he just go from the fry pan into the fire . les ' p.o.v . - as he kick OPEN the door to the bar this be where death hang out . everything stop . the music , the " patron " , even the rat . they all stare . there 's not a guy in the bar that have not belt he girlfriend in the last twenty - four hour . sick Sam sit in the back corner with dog woman . les walk to the bar , like the town 's new sheriff . the floorboard creak beneath he white reebok . the dropout stay back , cautiously . Les may as well be tar and feathered . two beast with they " debutante " girlfriend make room for Les at the bar . the bartender , a cross between Ivan the terrible and Ivan the worst , lean over ; nose to nose with Les . bartender ( rough sadistic voice ) we just run out of Kool - Aid . Les chuckle , confidently , try not to look intimidate . les ( dead serious ) bourbon . straight up . Les turn around to look at all he dead relative . nobody in the bar have flinch or say a word . we see Dean and Charles look in from outside . Les turn back to the bar . the shot glass be there , overflow with bourbon . this be a kid who 's never have a drink in he life . he pick it up , check it against the light , then downs it ... it may as well have be drano . he can not swallow ... he spit it out across the bar , try to look macho . before there can be any reaction from the peanut gallery ... he lean over , a inch from the bartender . ( continued ) 100 . continued : les ( imitate the bartender 's voice ) I think you say you run out of Kool -aid . the bartender 's confuse . everyone 's confuse . what 's up ? les how ' bout something with a little body ... something with some heat on it . challenge , the bartender reach under the bar , and pull up a three quarter 's full bottle of the Devil 's mouth wash . there 's no label on it , only a five -inch worm rest on the bottom . the bartender pour hima glass . everyone gather around he , the dropout as well . bead of sweat dot Les ' forehead . sixteen year , all come down to this moment . coolly , he push the glass aside . confusion . he grab the bottle . the crowd gasp ! oddly , he pour the alcohol into he hand , through he finger . it spill onto the bar , until he 's leave hold the worm in the palm of he hand . he take the worm between he thumb and index finger , tilt he head back , and in one motion drop it into he mouth and swallow . instant respect . a roar of approval . within second the music be back on and the place return to " normal . " proudly , Les spin to look out at all he new friend , only to see the dropout menacingly surround he . the driver step outside , worm , we have get a job to finish . Les look around for help . forget it . in a joint like this you have to do more than swallow a worm . he grab the beast be beer from the bar behind he . les ( shove the Driver ) back off , man . do not crowd I . driver ( step towards he to kill he ) why you ... ( continued ) 101 . continued : but before the driver can do anything , Les whip the beer over he own shoulder , drench the Beast behind he . and then he toss the empty glass at the driver , who , of course , catch it . Les step aside . the Beast whirl around ... and who do he see hold the glass ? the driver with he two buddy on either side of he . the Beast wind up and nail the driver , send the three dropout fly onto a table full of beer . as a mack truck at the table be about to hit one of the dropout , a devilish bar guy pop up in front of the camera , scream : bar guy ( excited -- a la John belushi in " Animal House " ) bar fighhhhhht !!!!! from out of nowhere , the biggest fist you have ever see punch through the bar guy like a drill press . knock out !!! suddenly ww III erupt . Les , dodging heavy artillery , head for the exit . outside the bar Charles and Dean run back to the caddie . Les jump into grandpa 's caddie , start she up , and take off . Dean and Charles shoot into the vacant parking space in Sam 's caddie . they bail out with the golf club and cooler . inside the bar Sam nonchalantly weave he way through the fight . he approach the cigarette machine by the front window . check he change , he hear a screech outside the bar . he leok out . SAM be p.o.v . - he shiny cadillac as if nothing happen . int . grandpa's cadillac - back with les and the boy bomb down the street . jubilation . laughter . Dean , now in the front seat , have discover the cash box . suddenly , Les hit the brake . a forty foot skid ! Les be white as a ghost . ( continued ) 102 . continued : dean what ? les ( shift into reverse ) mercede . charle and dean ohhhhhh shitttttiii¢it : les turn around - looking back at a bad dream Sam 's cadillac be a few block away . he step on it , squealing backwards , until he 's right beside it . dean and les jump out Dean reach into Sam 's caddie , grab the key , and open the trunk . Les pull mercede out . Dean put the key back . Charles throw the cash box into Sam 's backseat . mercede ' p.o.v . - les - as she open her eye cradle she again . Gary Cooper smile . she wrap she arm around he , cuddle , and close she eye . Les throw she into the backseat . inside the bar Sam turn away from the bartender with the proper change . through the window , he see he open trunk . he sees les get into the caddie . and : les sees he !!! Les ' biggest nightmare . he dive into the car and bullet away . inside les ' caddie howl . hoot . they have never be so happy and relieved . SAM fly out of the bar , gun drawn . aiming at the caddie racing away , he cock he gun ... inside the caddie more howl and hoot . there 's joy in mudville . ( continued ) 103 . continued : charle we do it ! man , we do it ! dean awesome , Les . that be hall of fame material . boom !!! a gun shot blow out the back window . Les look up in he mirror , and see Sam stand back in the distance . Les make a quick leave ... ext . street - night sweep through the turn , Les clip he back end against a pile of garbage can and a lamp post . his back bumper goe flying . ext. / int . sam' caddie Sam , get into he shiny caddie , notice the cash box . he relax . there 's no reason to chase the boy . inside les ' caddie mercede begin to come around . she open she eye and speak . mercede ' p.o.v . - les ' smile as he drive with intensity mercede ( o.s. ; feel the effect ) I be sorry . I must have doze off . Dean lean over , two inch from she face . dean you do not miss a thing . she close she eye . they laugh like hyenas . int . parent 's bedroom - night Mom lie on top of the cover , wince and grab for her stomach . she let the contraction subside . she turn on the light , look at she watch , then look over at sleep dad. 104 . int . jail holding cell - night Natalie sir alone , concerned . Karl chant with a group of protester . a aged hippie sing , " where have all the Flowers go ? " ext . dean's house - dawn Charles and Dean slip out of the car . Charles gently close the door . Les look at a sleep mercede . Dean and Charles look in . they whisper to each other . dean license or no license , mario , that be one intense display of drive . charle you could be the only sixteen - year - old in the country to open a stunt drive school without a license . Les smile . dean and as far as a first night out with a car go , you have set the standard . it 's gonna be a tough one to top . les thank God you do not get you license for a few month . dean what be you gonna tell sleep beauty ? les I do not know . I may not ... mercede groan , move around . Les signal silence . the boy freeze . they wave good - by . Les pull away . int . parent ' bedroom -— dawn the light be still on . Mom wince and grab she stomach again . she check she watch . another wince . dad sleep . ext . mercede ' house - dawn 105 . Signs of the sun . Les carry mercede to she front door . she groggily relate she perception of the evening to Les . mercede the dream be so bizarre , Les . as if I be trap inside the trunk of a car . and then suddenly the trunk flip open and there you be , rescue I . it be so weird . les it sound kinda crazy . mercede it be , I know it sound unbelievable . but somehow you be always there , Les , to hold I , like you be right now . I feel so safe and ... ( touch he cheek ) «-- so warm . Les , too in love to speak , stand she up on she doorstep . mercede I be sorry I be such a sleepyhead tonight. ( embarrassed ) you must have be so bored . les do not be silly . for I it be non - stop action . charme , she move closer to he . mercede when can we go out again ? les right now would be great , she laugh . les honestly ? tonight may be time anyone see I . actually . the last ( continued ) 106 . continued : mercede ( concerned ) why ? what happen ? les it 's a long complicated story . I be not sure you would want to hear it , mercede . mercede do it have a happy end ? les ( smile ) it have , so far . she smile at he allusive compliment and move even closer . les hopefully one day I will get to tell you how it end ... if I live . mercede well , I will be wait , Les . she love he . he love she . she give he the softest sweetest kiss a kid go to the electric chair would ever want . he return the favor with the most passionate kiss she would ever want ... the kind you break out of prison for . int . parent ' bedroom - dawn light on . Mom breathes heavily . mom Richard . dad grunt . she push he . mom Richard , wake up . this be it . ext . STREET corner - dawn Les , on a desert corner , wait for the light to turn green . int . bedroom - dawn dad , half - dress , tie Mom 's shoe up . she wince . ( continued ) 107 . continued : dad the baby ? mom no . the lace be too tight . ext . stoplight - dawn still wait for the light . wait , wait , it 's green . int . anderson house - dawn dad , shirt hang out , help Mom out of the room . ext . anderson garage - dawn Les approach the house . int . anderson stairway —- dawn dad help Mom down the stair . dad relax . just try and breathe naturally . we will be in the car in two second . int . garage - dawn sorry , dad , no car in sight . the garage door inch open . int . house - dawn dad help Mom along , two step away from the garage . she look better . he 's the crazy one . dad one more second , we be almost there . he swing the garage door open , without look inside . behind he , it 's empty . he 's about to swing she around , but ... mom I be okay . ( continued ) 108 . continued : dad what do you mean , you be okay ? mom it must have be gas . false alarm . I feel fine now . I be sorry . as dad talk , we see the cadillac coast in behind he . dad Gas ? be you sure ? the car 's right here . dad glance into the garage . mom I be positive . it must have be the herring . ( feel guilty ) I feel terrible . dad , about to close the door , notice something . mom what 's the matter ? inside the garage even with the emergence of daylight , it 's still too dark to notice the condition of the caddie . dad why be the garage door open ? mom maybe Natalie leave it open ? dad why would she ? she take the audi . dad be p.o.v . - outside the front of the house he see the audi be not back . then he notice the hedge ... lock around , he spot the tire track . shock . mom stand at the lip of the garage , watch . suddenly ... she double over in pain . ( continued ) 109 . continued : mom ( gasp ) Richard . forget it . he 's in a trance . mom Richard ! dad turn and see she hunch over . he run to she aid . dad ( walk she to the car ) okay , honey . just try and breathe normally . we will be at the hospital in a few ... everything stop ; he foot , he voice , he heart ... as he walk around the car we can hear he blood boil . the bumper . the hubcap . the back window ! dad put he hand through it , unbely . he examine the severe antenna , the mutilate wiper , then look into the car . dad be p.o.v . - les lying on the floor hide , look he straight in the eye . a frighten puppy . dad ready to explode . Les slither out the opposite door , away from dad , beside Mom . dad be there something wrong with you bed , Les ? Les can not speak . dad walk around the car . Les go the other way . they circle . Mom stand in between they , lean against the car . she do not look well , but there 's no stop dad . dad would you mind explain to I what size shark be responsible for this ? les I ... ah ... ( continued ) continued : dad stop . the garage 110 . dad Les , I do not want to know . I do not want to know . save it for the judge . ( beat ) do you have any notion of what you have do this evening ? what this mean to you future in this house and on this planet ? they be still on opposite side . rudy appear at door to the house , wear he pajamas . les I have a feel . dad Les , you could not even begin to imagine what 's in store for you . we have a college fund set aside for you . ( glance at the caddie ) that 's go . you have free room and board , two trust parent , anda social life . that 's go . you have a tv , a stereo , a baseball glove , a tennis racket , a skateboard , a bicycle . that 's all go . you even have sunlight and a window in you room . that 's history . I be board the window up tomorrow . and communication with the outside world ? you can forget about that . it 's all go . mom ( weak ) Richard . dad frankly , Les , I do not see what 's leave ... other than school and two bus ride a day . mom ( stronger ) Richard . dad and do not even think about a license . ( continued ) continued : les never ? dad Les , as long as I be alive and I share the same last you will never , not ever , behind a steering wheel . 111 . and you name ... sit the only dad comfort mom. great pain . dad look time you will get close to one will be on a bus and in you dream . ( beat ) all I can say , buddy boy , be that you be damn lucky you mother do not go into labor tonight ! mom ( hunching over the car ) Richard ! I be in labor ! dad ( run to she ) be you sure ? mom yes . my water just break . load she into the backseat . she be in dad try to close the door . Mom grab it . mom stay here . I want you to be with I . dad in the backseat ? who 's gonna drive ? mom Les can . dad ( shocked ) Les ? Les who ? not this Les . no way . Les be stay here . rudy , get back with you Mom . mom Richard , please ! it 's be nine month . that 's long enough . now let 's go . at Mom , then Les . Eye to eye to eye to eye ... ( continued ) 112 . continued : les ( from the heart ) I know I let you down , dad . and I be as sorry as I can ever be that I disappointed you , but as hard as you try , you can not imagine what I have learn tonight . ( beat ) please let I drive , dad . I can do it . dad think about it ... he hand Les the key , grip he hand tight . dad ( right up to he face ) all right , but try and drive like you have a license . dad let go of Les ' hand and jump in the back with Mom . rudy ride shotgun . Les buckle in . the mangle caddie back out of the garage , stop on the street , then squeal away . inside the caddie Mom be in pain . dad hold she . Les grin . int . anderson house - day the phone ring and ring ... int . police phone booth - day Natalie , on the phone . curious , she hang up . Karl stand beside she , full of life . he do not care about she problem . karl do not you feel invigorate ? this be just the beginning . there be many war still to wage . you and I , natascha . together we will bring the run dog imperialist to they knee . ( continued ) 113 . continued : natalie ( blunter than blunt ) screw off , Karl ! and by the way , the name be Natalie , not natascha ! she walk away , leave a stunne , and at last , speechless Karl . ext . STREET - day full speed ahead . not a single car in sight . the light turn yellow , then a quick red . the caddie 's wheel lock . a len skid . burnt rubber , as it screech to a stop . inside the caddie rudy , Mom , and dad , rebound from the sudden stop . dad ( piss off ) Les ? what the hell be you do ? there 's not a damn car in sight . les it 's a red light . dad Les . we be rush you mother to the hospital , not a bridge game . go through it ! just get we there . Les smile , look both way , then try to take off ... only one problem : the engine be revving , but the caddie 's not move . dad what happen ? les I do not know . I be press on the gas , but it will not go anywhere . dad it sound like the transmission . ( frustrated ) try the other gear . Les try they all . nothing . shift into park , the car jolt backward as he pass reverse . ( continued ) 114 . continued : les ( look at dad ) only reverse work . dad do not like it . Mom be in more pain . she wince and groan . dad feel for she . dad alright , alright . but take it easy . Les love it . he shift into reverse , turn to look through the back window , brace he arm behind the seat , and take off . outside the caddie popeye doyle screech the car around and peel away . ext . street - day the caddie , in reverse , bomb down the street , its right turn signal on . in the leave lane be a long wedding procession . inside the caddie Mom be in great pain . Les have to make the turn . he zip up to the front of the line , then make a sweeping leave turn from the middle lane , and because a old blind woman be shuffle across the street , Les be force to go up on : the sidewalk box in by park car , the caddie bomb through Sunday papers and Sunday morning brunch table . a waiter put a red tablecloth down on a table dive out of the way , like a matador teasing a bull . the caddie fly through the tablecloth . a motorcycle cop across the STREET write out a parking ticket , drop he pencil when he see the caddie crash down off the sidewalk onto the street join the traffic . the cop jump on he motorcycle , switch on he siren , and rocket away . with the caddie weaving in and out of traffic : leave turn , right turn , it 's incredible . we hear the siren . the cop pull up beside Les , wave for he to pull over . ( continued ) 115 . continued : dad try to signal to the cop that Mom 's pregnant . the cop realize what 's go on . he wave for Les to " follow he , " but he have not be look ahead . suddenly , he front tire hit the back bumper of a antique convertible . the cop somersault over he handle bar into the car 's front seat . the driver , a red-nose irishman , do a double - take , take a leck at the flask he 's be nip on , smile , and take another swig . back with the caddie bullete down the street . the hospital be in sight . Les have to catch a yellow light . a water MAIN have burst . there 's a huge puddle . in reverse , Les rocket through the light . here come the puddle ... have he learn he lesson ? inside the caddie Les ease he foot off the brake and coast through . spray shoot out on either side , and splashes through the back window , soaking Mom and dad . rudy love it . dad alternate between caring for Mom and fear for he life . ext . police station - day down the street from the hospital . Natalie leave the precinct . she do a triple - take when she see she family flash by backwards . she run after they . suddenly !!! a huge truck back out of a skyscraper construction site . a towering crane attempt to lift a heavy load of steel girder from the truck 's flatbe . the girder hang out onto the street ... the caddie 's head straight for they . we hear a screech ! ext . cadillac - close on there face in the back window horror , as there 's nothing they can do , except pray ... ten foot , five foot , a foot ... Les swoops the car safely around the girder and then screech to a stop in a tow zone , in front of the hospital . the emergency driveway be clogge . Natalie run to the car . two orderlies dash out to the car with a wheelchair . dad help Mom out . rudy and Natalie watch . Les stay in the car . they rush Mom up the walk into the hospital . dad look back . Les be stand by the destroy caddie , ashamed . ( continued ) 116 . continued : dad ( stern ) come here , Les . Les look down . dad les. come here ! Les sheepishly make he way over . dad put he arm around he . dad where do you learn to drive like that ? les ( relieved ) I do not know , dad . TI guess last night . dad it must have be some crash course . Les laugh . dad squeeze he , affectionately . the camera crane up to a bird 's - eye view , high above the scene . dad , with he arm around he son , disappear into the hospital . dad ( voice over ) maybe we can fix the car before grandfather get home . he will never notice . suddenly , construction worker begin shouting , and then run for cover , scatter like ant . from the sky : the whole bunch of girder crash down on grandfather 's cadillac , demolishing it . as the dust settles , the camera crawl its way into the heap of junk until we can barely make out the radio-tape deck . we hear a click-click . the tape start to play ... Sinatra " that 's life ... " fade out