life , itself by Dan fogelman March 4th , 2016 over black . narrator ( v.o. ) cue Love sick. Bob Dylan . track one , time out of mind . cue song : Love sick by Bob Dylan . narrator ( v.o. ) yeah , that 's good , real good . the narrator clear he throat , begin : narrator ( v.o. ) we open tight on a man . a man , 20 , handsome , fill the frame . narrator ( v.o. ) hold up , let I rephrase : we open on '' we hero . '' oh , just fyi : Sam Jackson be voice the narrator . not sure why but he be . SAM jackson ( v.o. ) we push in on he face . ( a beat ) muthafucka I say push in on that shit ! the camera quickly jolt to life , push in clumsily . Sam calm down and describe we hero : SAM jackson ( v.o. ) mid twenty , handsome , gay but gay in that cool cat kind of a way , gay like '' billy on the Street '' gay , gay like '' yeah , I will suck a dick we do not have to make no thang about it . '' we hero nod slightly , as if agree . SAM jackson ( v.o. ) yeah that 's one cool dicksuckin’ cat we get over here . but right now , this cat be anything but cool . this cat 's in crisis . we hero speak direct to camera , sheepish and emotional : hero I feel ... ashamed , I guess . I know this do not make I look very good . but it 's break I and ... his voice crack . a beat . SAM jackson ( v.o. ) let it go , brother . let it go like a pixar ho - let it go , let it go . hero it 's just ... he and I have be together for so long . and I know it sound cliché but ... I guess , I like know he 's always on my team , you know ? SAM jackson ( v.o. ) I know , my brother . I hear you , my brother . let. it. go. hero but this new guy have come along ... SAM jackson ( v.o. ) proceed . hero he 's new . he 's exciting . and he 's so much young . SAM jackson ( v.o . ) ai not no shame , brother . hero and I know I can not just '' stick '' with someone out of loyalty . SAM jackson ( v.o. ) you know this . hero okay , I be gonna do it . I be gonna put Todd gurley in at my flex run back spot and drop jamal Charles . maybe I will pick up Miami D off waiver . SAM jackson ( v.o. ) what in the fuck !? 3. sitting opposite the young man be a female therapist ( 40s , red hair , we see she from behind ) . therapist Henry : we have talk about how obsess over fantasy football can not simply replace obsess over food . SAM jackson ( v.o. ) say what now ! ? hero / henry no , I know . therapist have you make yourself throw up this week , Henry ? hero / henry ( ashamed ) yes. SAM jackson ( v.o. ) the fuck !? as the therapist and hero continue talk ... nothing . SAM jackson ( v.o . ) okay , my bad , that motherfucker be definitely not we hero . ( then ) but look at that pretty therapist over there . sooth he . calm he anorexic fantasy football - loving ass down . push in on she for a sec . SAM jackson ( v.o. ) ( again ) I say push in motherfucka ! the camera jolt to life again , push in on she . it be ! SAM jackson ( v.o. ) oh yeah , now I be see it . that 's a hero right there . the amazing smile , the long red hair , the freckl ... wait a second : hold up ... be that julianne Moore !? SAM jackson ( v.o. ) motherfucker it be ! that 's '' still Alice '' ! that shit make I cry ! she forget everything !!! okay ! now we be talk . lady and gentleman : we get ourselves a hero . CUT to : ext . new york CITY STREET - continuous julianne Moore walk out into the street . Sam Jackson resume narrate to the best of he ability . SAM jackson ( v.o. ) now , like any great hero , we hero be not perfect . Far from it . julianne light a cigarette , try to hail a cab . SAM jackson ( v.o. ) she smoke , first of all , which they normally do not let you show in movie any more even though we all still smoke sometimes ... oh do not even start , you know you smoke sometimes . you and the wife have a date night , you each have two martinis , you guy be feel wild so you buy a pack of smoke on the way home and you each smoke one in the 7 - eleven parking lot . then she make you throw out the pack , but instead of throw it out you hide it in a plant outside the house and some night , after she go to sleep , you sneak out and have one . but then one night she catch you when you come to bed , ' cause she smell that shit on you like she 's a detective - she smell that shit on you like she 's Jimmy smit in '' nypd Blue '' and she 's crack the fuck case - and you get in a big fight and -- what in the fuck !? as Sam have be tell this story , we have be watch julianne Moore try to catch a cab . have no luck , she have venture further and further into the street and , at exactly the time of Sam 's '' what the fuck '' , have get run over by a bus . SAM jackson ( v.o. ) oh shit ! oh shit ! julianne Moore just get straight up run over by the bus ! people run to the scene of the accident ... SAM jackson ( v.o. ) maybe she 's okay , maybe she 's just lie under the bus daze . a good samaritan ( 30 ) take charge , start motion for the bus to back up . good samaritan back up the bus ! back it up ! SAM jackson ( v.o. ) she 's gonna be fine . she 's we hero and she 's gonna be fine -- oh fuck ! on julianne completely smushed . it 's like something out of '' walk Dead '' but worse . the good samaritan start vomiting and spectator start scream and crying . a little hispanic boy inside the bus press he face to the window . his eye well with tear . as more people gather , a man push through , out of the crowd ... it 's SAM jackson . right before pass through frame he say ... SAM jackson fuck this , I be out . CUT to : a computer screen we see exactly that , the word type in screenplay format ... SAM jackson ( cont ’d ) fuck this , I be out . we be in ... int . starbucks —- morning we real hero be write the bizarre screenplay we have be watch . note : it 's the good samaritan from the accident . a real narrator ( female ) take over : narrator ( v.o. ) ( 0.s . ) will Dempsey be thirty - one year old when he finally give up on he Sam Jackson unreliable narrator screenplay . ( beat ) he have be work on it since 7:30 am . will look up at the clock . it 's 7:47 am . will close the computer , stand , head to the counter . a way - too-chipper female barista greet he . barista top of the morning to you , good Sir ! what can I get for you !? will double espresso , large cup . barista and would you care for anything to eat ? will a fuck you ? barista I be sorry ? will ( big smile ) I say '' no thank you . '' barista ( confuse ) oh , okay , right . will ( " thank you so much '' ) fuck you so much . she look up , confuse . do she just hear that again ? but will be just smile big at she . she give up , take he cash . narrator ( v.o. ) ( 0.s. ) will be not well . but you do not need I to tell you that . will stand in the wait area . out of nowhere , he start singing . loudly . people stare . he 's sing Bob Dylan 's stand in the doorway . will ( do Dylan ) I be walk through , the summer night / the jukebox , play low . yesterday everything , be go too fast / today it 's move too slow ... voice ( 0.s. ) ( call out ) will !? will jolt to a stop . a second barista be hold out he now - ready coffee . will approach . second barista double espresso , large cup ? will yepper . will take the large cup . open the lid . from he back pocket he take out a small glass bottle of whiskey and pour the whole thing into the cup . he do a long pour . announce it : will ( cont 'd ) ( loudly ) I be do a long pour . everyone in the Starbucks be now watch he . will reach into he pocket , take out a pill bottle . he remove a pill , downs it , turn back to the barista . will ( cont 'd ) want one ? second barista no thanks . will it 's xanax . second barista still no . will boo humbug . second barista ( correct ) bah humbug . will that 's what she say . second barista huh ? will shrug , start sing another verse : will I get no way leave to turn / I get nothing leave to burn ... ( then ) it 's Dylan , people ! stand in the doorway ! third track on time out of mind . his comeback album . the whole thing 's like a giant fuck keat poem . ( a beat , then ) give it a chance , it 'il grow on you . a starbucks manager approach . manager Sir ? will oh man . be you gonna make I leave ? bah humbug . will give a proud thumb up to the second barista ( " nail it . '' ) cue song : Bob Dylan 's stand in the doorway . slow motion action as the manager and other Starbucks employee push / carry will out of the store ... just before he 's out the door , will yell : will ( cont 'd ) I be tell you : give it a chance , it will grow on you ! from somewhere unknown , a woman 's voice echoe will 's : woman 's voice ( pre - lap ) ( laugh ) just give it a chance , it will grow on you . flashback to : int . bedroom - morning ( six month earlier ) we follow a adorable mini goldendoodle into a sun-kiss bedroom . the same bob dylan song be play . man' voice ( 0.s. ) it will grow on I ? he sound like he 's suffer . woman 's voice ( 0o.s. ) Bob Dylan do not sound like he 's suffer . man' voice ( 0.s. ) well he do not sound like he 's sing . the off -screen woman laugh . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) you be a heathen . the dog try hopping up on the bed . man' voice ( 0.s. ) ( loving ) c'mere , fuckface . the mini goldendoodle do in fact wear a nametag read : '' fuckface . '' hand reach down , pull the dog up . the hand belong to ... will ( in bed ) the will of six month ago be a different will - fresh face , sober , and handsome . happy . 10 . narrator ( v.o. ) will have not always be '' not well . '' it have really only be since he wife have leave he that ... ( then ) you know what , we will get to that . right now let 's enjoy they as they be . will turn over with the dog and face he wife ... ABBY dempsey ( 30 , knockout ) . narrator ( v.o. ) will love he wife Abby with a intensity usually reserve for stalker . she be everything a man could ask for in a wife . she be nurture , and she be beautiful , and she eat any kind of sushi the chef serve to she , even the uni . ( then ) yes , will be sure of it : Abby Dempsey be absolutely perfect . at least back then she be . Abby take the dog from will . ABBY okay , okay , just listen to this next song for thirty second and tell I Bob Dylan be not a poet . will you have be listen to this man gargle for a month straight . ABBY I be in a phase , baby . c’mon , lean into this with I . it 's Dylan 's comeback album ! Abby sit up , animated . ABBY ( cont 'd ) they be count he out , man ! they say you do not come back from the crazy he have and then ... boom ! 1997 . time out of mind ! Three grammy , album of the Year , he tell everyone '' I be Bob Dylan and you be not so eat a dick . '' 11 . will Bob Dylan tell everyone to '' eat a dick ? '' ABBY metaphorically , yes , he do . ( then ) listen to this track . really listen , then tell I he 's not a poet . I read this literary analysis online , they say he draw on the poetry of keat -- will fake snoring . ABBY ( cont 'd ) C ’mon , Babe , this be important to I . will open he eye , look at she . he love she so completely that it practically seep from he pore . he nod . she smile , hit a button on she ipod . cue song : not Dark yet by Bob Dylan . a new Dylan song fill the room . they sit there for thirty second , listen . at a certain point , Abby simply close she eye and sing along , sway . will just watch she . smitten . always smitten . bob dylan ( 0.s. ) there 's not even room enough , to be anywhere / it 's not dark yet , but it 's get there . Abby stop the song . open she eye . will smile at she . ABBY ( knowingly ) do not . will he sound like he have a giant cock lodge in he throat . she playfully smack he with a pillow . ABBY asshole ! 12 . will roll on top of she . they wrestle playfully , until ... ABBY ( cont 'd ) okay , okay , wait , watch fuckface , be we roll on fuckface ? will , careful . will sit up . Abby roll out from under the cover . ABBY ( cont 'd ) I be starve . I need to shower or we be gonna be late for you parent . as she stand we realize Abby be very pregnant . explosively pregnant . will hey ? Abby turn . pregnant , hair in she face , luminous . will ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) hey ! flashback to : int . fraternity party - night ( 10 year earlier ) a much younger ABBY ( 20 ) dance with a hot guy on a sweaty , beer soak dance floor . a much younger will ( 21 ) stand hold two beer behind they . will hey ! they do not hear will over the music . will ( cont 'd ) I got you a Beer ! Abby and hot guy stop dance , turn . hot guy thanks , man ! hot guy take both beer and hand one to Abby . she smile apologetically at will and resume dance with the other guy . 13 . will watch , either devastate or nonpluss . you can never quite tell with will . int . fraternity party - later that night will sit on the stair , watch the party absentmindedly , nursing a beer . a beautiful pair of leg step into he sightline . he smile without even look up . Abby sit down next to he into frame . they face forward , watch the party . will what happen to fuckface ? ABBY Tim . will if you say so . she smile . ABBY I be not into he . will oh. too bad for fuckface . ABBY tim. will sure . a beat . they watch Tim / fuckface dance with a new girl . will ( cont 'd ) he look like one of that Valentine 's Day stuff animal , do not he ? like one of that perfect fluffy teddy bear dog thing with the button eye ? ABBY you jealous ? will just observant . ABBY ( small smile ) if you say so . a beat . they sip they beer in content silence . ABBY ( cont 'd ) be you ever go to ask I out , will ? will just wait for the right moment . ABBY oh , okay . good to know . another long beat . they sip they beer . ABBY ( cont 'd ) you might want to get on it , be all . because I be contemplate go home with Tim -- will fuckface . ABBY both of they , out of sheer loneliness . will okay . ABBY okay ? will okay . good to know . ( then ) but I be still wait for the right moment . she sigh , frustrated , stand . ABBY I will see you later , will . she turn to go . will call after she . will I be wait for the right moment , Abby , because once I ask you out , there will not be any turn back for I . ( more ) 14 . 15 . will ( cont 'd ) I will not date anyone else for the rest of my life , I will not love anyone else for the rest of my life , I will not really care about anything else for the rest of my life . I be go to fall in love with you with such intensity that I may not be able to think straight for the next few decade . I be wait for the right moment , Abby , because when I ask you out it will be the most important moment of my life and I want to make sure I get it right . on ABBY : blow away and a little stunne . will just shrug , casual , and sip he beer . will ( cont 'd ) so that 's why . ABBY okay . good to know . a charge silent beat . Abby stand to go . will Abby . she turn . will ( cont 'd ) you want to go to the movie with I ? ABBY ( confuse ) wait ... be you ask I out ? will shrug . will the moment feel right . Abby smile . they fall in love , instantly . CUT to : ext . new york STREET - morning we be back to present-day -starbucks-drunk will dempsey . 16 . he walk down the street , wobble and swigging from he Starbucks cup of coffee / whiskey . he pull a ipod from he pocket . he put on headphone . he scroll forward to track number 5 on Dylan 's time out of mind album : try to get to Heaven . instantly , all the sound of the city vanish . we hear only the song ... bob dylan ( 0.s. ) the air be get hotter / there 's a rumbling in the sky / have wade through the high muddy water / with the heat rise in my eye . the sight and sound of summertime New York flood past will . he take they all in , hyper - focus on each detail : - a man walk he tiny dog . - a woman try to hail a cab . - a couple hold hand while push a stroller . bob dylan ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) every day you memory grow dimmer / it do not haunt I like it do before / I have be walk through the middle of nowhere / try to get to Heaven before they close the door . will enter the front revolving door of a office building . he just go around and around , never get out . listen to Dylan . a man at sea . int . office - moment later will sit in a chair , stare forward , almost catatonic . woman 's voice ( 0o.s. ) how be you do today , will ? will stare forward . 17 . woman' voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) will ? will look up , a bit startle . reveal : a pretty therapist - doctor kate morris ( 35 ) - sit opposite he in a therapist 's office . Dr. Morris be attractive and have red hair . note : this look lot like the open therapy scene . will I be sorry , what do you say ? dr . morris I ask how you be do today . will oh . you know . same . ( then ) have anyone ever tell you that you look like julianne Moore ? dr . morris you do . yesterday . will well I have get a good eye because you be a dead ringer . will sip from he alcohol fill Starbucks cup . flash : Young will and Young Abby on they first date , in a pack movie theatre , enjoy a re-release of '' pulp fiction '' with other tarantino fanatics . Sam Jackson be scream : '' I be a mushroom - cloud - layin ' motherfucker , motherfucker '' and Abby be loving it . will watch she , watch it , and take she hand for the first time . back to will , in therapy . will ( cont 'd ) I try to masturbate the other day . I try think of she , but I could not get it do so ... this hang there . a beat . 18 . will ( cont 'd ) then I try think of you , but that 's when I realize how much you look like julianne Moore and I start think about what I have see she in last and it be '' still Alice '' and then well , you know ... ( then ) I mean , you jerk off to '' still Alice '' you need to be institutionalized . dr . morris you be institutionalized . will touché . flash : Young will and Young Abby lie in bed , post-coital . he 's trace she back with he finger , memorize she . back to will , in therapy . will ( cont 'd ) she leave six month ago today . dr . morris I know . but you have be in a facility almost that entire time , will . and I be try to get a sense - will , be you listen to I ? - I be try to get a sense of how you be do be back out in the world again . will oh . you know . same . dr . morris you keep say that . will I keep meaning it . dr . morris have you speak to she ? since you have be out ? flash : a bleary - eye will sit in a fancy italian restaurant with Abby . he implore she to come back to he . she refuse , stand , and leave - tear in she eye . 19 . back to will , in therapy . will ( lie ) no. a beat . dr . morris have you go to see you parent yet , like we discuss ? will I do not want to . dr . morris will , part of the reason you be discharge and put into my care be so you could start -- will I don't want to , okay ! silence . will ( cont 'd ) that be weird . sorry . a long beat . dr . morris yesterday you say that since you would be discharge you have be feel aimless . will well , I usually have good aim , so -- will stop short . dr . morris what , will ? what 's wrong ? flashback to : ext . carnival - evening ( 9 year earlier ) college -age will be participate in a shoot game at a carnival / fair . he hit he mark . college -age ABBY cheer . will receive a teddy bear , hand it to Abby . 20 . will we will name he fuckface . Abby laugh . ABBY every teddy bear in we life cannot be name fuckface . will I like remind you of the life you could have have if I have not rescue you . ABBY ( laugh ) do you now !? will ( a la John Wayne ) yes , ma‘am . will tip a imaginary cap and blow on the gun like a gunslinger . she laugh . will grab she and she giggle / squirm . but quickly they settle into the embrace . will look she in the eye : will ( cont 'd ) let 's get marry . Abby freeze ever so slightly . ABBY we have only be dating a few month , will . will and I think I have show great restraint wait this long . she can not help but smile . will ( cont 'd ) you want to say yes so bad it hurt . ABBY I do not . will you do . 21 . ABBY you be cocky . will I be right . she smile . will reach for the toy gun . he put it to he head , do he best John Wayne again : will ( cont 'd ) Little Lady , say yes or let I put myself out of my misery . ABBY stop that , c’mon . will come on , Little mama . ABBY ( laugh ) will , enough . will relent , lower the fake gun . but then ... he shove it in he mouth . will ( mumble ) '' yes , I will marry yo -- ABBY will ! will clock she discomfort , remove the gun . will ( apologetic ) that be weird . sorry . ABBY I love you , will . you be the love of my life , I be sure of it . but it scare I how much ... ( then ) it scare I how much you feel , will . ( beat ) I never would have think that could be a thing that scared I but ... I may not be equip to be love this much . will I only know one way to love you , Abby . ABBY I know , but -- will ( matter - of - fact ) I all find another way . this stop she . will think , then : will ( cont 'd ) yeah , I 'il find another way . I will love you however you be equip to handle it , Abby . I will love you with restraint , I will love you on odd day of the week , I will figure out how you like you love and I will make it to order for you -- ABBY we would have to get a dog . will stop short , momentarily throw . will okay . ABBY I mean , I want kid too , but not for a while . will okay . ABBY but a dog first . a small dog . will yup. ABBY my parent die young and that make I sad sometimes . will I know . ABBY it will probably make I a bad mother . 22 . 23. will I disagree but okay . ABBY mainly I want the dog , that 's the big thing . a small dog . will I be completely on board with the dog . ABBY okay , I 'il marry you . will okay . ABBY okay . will hand Abby she teddy bear . will wanna meet my parent ? ABBY sure . CUT to : ext . brownstone - day the door open revealing : irwin ( 65 ) and linda ( 61 ) dempsey , will 's delightfully over - the - top New Yorker - for-life parent . they squeal with delight at the appearance of ... will and ABBY , 9 year age forward since the previous scene . note : this be the pregnant , Bob Dylan loving / hat version of will and Abby from that morning roughly six month ago . linda Abby ! my God , look at you . you be positively ... ABBY revolting ? linda no , you be -- 24 . ABBY gassy ? linda no ! will she be pretty gassy , ma. will 's father nod . irwin that mean it 's gonna be a boy . I practically need a hazmat suit when you mother be pregnant with you . linda ( nodd ) it 's true . will turn to Abby : will my dad say that the fart mean it 's a boy . ABBY well , that make they all worth it . Abby turn to Linda . ABBY ( cont 'd ) I be almost afraid to ask , but do you ... linda meatloaf just come out of the oven . Abby practically collapse in relief . ABBY oh , God bless you , I have never crave anything like this . Linda , get I to that meatloaf and you can nag , pester , and back - handedly insult I to you heart 's content . Abby enter , eager . Linda follow she , equally eager . linda oh good ! ( get right to it ) Abby , honey ? ( more ) 25 . linda ( cont 'd ) do you forget to put on sock or be that a choice ? because it 's very chilly out and ... will and he dad share a look , shrug , and follow . CUT to : int . brownstone - later the four of they sit at a dining room table , eat . Abby be positively chow on that meatloaf . will watch she go at it . he smile and look off to a adjacent live room . it 's already a shrine / playground for he unborn child . a crib , play toy , play area , the work . will ma , you be aware that the kid be not go to actually live with you , right ? linda I get carry away , sue I . here , eat , before she get it all . Linda serve will meatloaf . his father motion toward the baby mess . irwin baby clothes , baby swing , baby stem cell , who know - I do not know what half this shit be . all I know be that I spend all day break down the goddamn amazon box . linda sshh you . here , honey , a little more . Linda go to give will more meatloaf . but Abby - without break stride - slap the spoon away and take the rest for herself like a animal feed on a kill . linda ( cont 'd ) I be go to be a grandmother , I just can not believe it . Abby , do not take this the wrong way -- 26 . will here we go . linda but selfishly I be just so glad you parent be dead . will boom . linda oh stop it , Abby know what I mean . will she do ? ( to Abby ) you do ? ABBY ( mouth full ) she will explain . linda what I mean be ... ABBY ( chew ) see ? linda ++. all I ever want be for will to marry a woman with dead parent so I do not have to share the grandchild . and he do . my prayer come true . will Jesus , ma! linda oh , Abby know what I mean . ( then , immediate ) ooh , Abby , do you look at that book I send you yet ... as conversation continue in the background , will look over into that adjacent live room fill with baby product ... will ( pre - lap ) both Abby 's parent die in a car accident when she be a little girl . CUT to : 27 . int . therapist 's office - day back to present- day / mess -up will in therapy with Dr. Morris . a beat . will Abby be in the car . she be seven . dr . morris okay . will '' okay '' feel like a strange response to that new information . Dr. Morris smile . a beat . dr . morris I be catch off guard . ( then ) you do not talk about Abby a lot . will you do not ask about she a lot . dr . morris I ask about she constantly . will tomato , potato . dr . morris ( correct ) tomato , tom -ah- to . will let 's call the whole thing off . dr . morris you session with I be mandate , will . will no , I mean ... '' tomato , tom - ah - to , let 's call the whole thing off . '' dr . morris I be not follow . 28 . will my God , this be some kind of rhythm we have , huh , Doc ? maybe this be why I can not jerk off to you . a really awkward beat . will ( cont 'd ) ( apologetic ) that be way inappropriate . ( explain ) I be institutionalized . dr . morris why do not you tell I about Abby , will ? I have like to know more about she . will well , then you have come to the right place , Doc . I be the world 's foremost expert on all thing Abby . ( beat , then ) or I be , I guess . ( then ) no , I still be , I mean it 's not like someone else learn more about she in the past six month . ( then ) I mean someone could have , I have be lock up and God only know what she 's be up to wherever she be -- dr . morris will . will right . let I tell you about Abby . int . delivery room - day ( thirty year ago ) ABBY 's mom give birth . her father cheer she on . will become we third narrator ( so far ) ... will ( v.o. ) Abby lesher be bear on June 30th , 1985 . the legend go that when she be bear , she do not make a peep . the baby come out . the doctor prod it . nothing . 29 . will ( v.o ) for five minute , little Abby just sit there , take in the world . not so much as a single cry . the baby just sit there , content . will ( v.o. ) in the year to come , she parent would always say that there be nothing wrong with baby Abby . she just do not have anything to say yet . present day will step into frame with Dr. Morris ( the scene participant do not '' see '' they ) . will now keep in mind , I be get all this second hand . I never meet any of the people here except Abby . dr . morris understood . will her parent die . pretty soon . Long before I come into the picture . dr . morris no , I know . will and it 's not like I know any of this doctor or nurse , why would I ? dr . morris let 's move along , will . will okay . int . ABBY 's home - year later a adorable five - year -old ABBY dance in the live room . her parent sit on a couch , watch and laugh . will ( v.o ) by all account , Abby 's early childhood be a happy one . 30 . on her parent ( 40s ) adoring they child . will ( v.o. ) her parent - Jack and Elizabeth - be kind -heart and good-heart and all the other kind of '' heart . '' they be literally both elementary school teacher . it 's actually how they meet ... flashback to : int . elementary school teacher's lounge - day ( 1988 ) . Elizabeth ( Abby 's mom ) sit by herself eat in the teacher 's lounge . she take a big bite of she sandwich . just then : Jack ( Abby 's dad ) approach , sit next to she . jack you mind if I sit ? she go to answer , but catch herself ( she mouth be full ) . she motion for Jack to sit , he do . she cover she mouth and continue chew quickly . will ( v.o. ) if Abby 's mother have know she have meet she future husband at precisely that moment , she probably would not have take a huge bite of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich just second before . jack hi , I be Jack . she go to respond , but be still chew . she motion at she mouth , apologetically . chews . he wait . and wait . she can not get it down . they start laugh . reveal opposite they : will and Dr. Morris sit at the table watch the game of peanut butter induce charade / hysterics . 31 . will now be this a meet - cute , or be this a meet-cute . ( then ) screenwrite term . I have be write . he watch they . will ( cont 'd ) it 's strange to think about be not it ? how a completely random moment involve peanut butter , a moment that happen before I be even bear , shape my entire life . dr . morris be you glad it happen ? will watch they . will ah , well that , Dr. Morris , be the big question , be not it ? because if it have not happen ... we see all of the follow in flashing snapshot from the past - like a high - speed montage . will ( v.o . ) Abby 's parent would never have meet , they have never have marry , they would never have honeymoon in aruba where they conceive Abby . they have never have see Abby come into the world without a peep , they have never have watch she blonde hair turn brown as she get older . they have never have watch she become obsessed with dance , then soccer , then horse . and , of course , Christmas . always Christmas - the light , the gift , and above all : the rockettes . so obsessed with the rockettes be Abby that every year they have have to drive into the city to see they perfo -- smash ! they car ( Abby in backseat ) be blindsided . back to : 32 . int . therapist 's office - day ( present ) will stare ahead , think . will her parent die instantly . Abby be trap in the backseat of the car with they for over a hour until they get she out . her father ... ( beat , then ) her father be decapitate by the steering column . a load beat . will ( cont 'd ) I know , right !? that 's always the detail that get people . I mean the story in and of itself be tragic , of course , but when you give someone that image - that singular image of a seven year old girl trap in a car with she decapitate father - then it all really just land , do not it ? ( then , chipper ) anyhoo ... you ask about Abby so I 'il continue , but be forewarn , she next decade be not so great . more snapshot from the past . we start with little Abby ( fresh off car accident ) in a police station . will ( v.o. ) Abby 's parent do not plan on die together . so there be no will , and no plan for Abby . see as all she grandparent be decease , Abby 's uncle Joe be give custody . uncle Joe be not a nice man . and when I say that , I do not mean he do not hug she . I mean he buy she a puppy and then kill it when it chew up he couch . I mean he sporadically molest she for the better part of six year until at fifteen year old she borrow a gun from a wannabe gangbanger at she school , put it to she uncle Joe 's head , and tell he in no uncertain term that ... fifteen-year-old Abby tell she uncle ... 33 . fifteen -year-old ABBY I will fuck kill you if you ever touch I again . she lower the gun ... will ( v.o. ) then she shot he in the knee so he know she be not play . she do . uncle Joe howl in pain . int . therapist 's office - continuous will smile . will like a movie , right ? I always picture a young Natalie portman play she . dr . morris I do not know who that be . will you do not know who Natalie portman be !? Doc , you gotta get out more . dr . morris I be sure you be right , will . will tell you what , you come over one night , we will marathon young Natalie portman : '' the professional , '' '' beautiful Girls , '' you will understand . dr . morris please continue , will . will shrug . will thing get better from there . more snapshot from Abby 's past . will ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) obviously damage have be do . decapitate father , molest uncle , you do not just bounce back from that . but Abby be smart . ( more ) 34 . will ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) determined . a dreamer . a reader . she hunkere down , get herself into college , start see a therapist on campus who truly change she life , and even make a really close friend ... int . library - evening young ABBY ( 20 ) sit in a library study . across a few table , young will throw candy at she . they start silently food fight . once again , present day will step into frame with Dr. Morris . will look , Doc , it 's I ! this be what I look like at twenty - one . ( then , realize ) Holy shit , my hairline have really recede , have not it ? he examine he twenty - one - year old self ( who , unaware , continue food fight with Abby ) . will ( cont 'd ) look how much lower my hairline be back then . fuck I . dr . morris I think you look very much the same . will and I think I look like a different person . dr . morris tomato-tomahto . will smile . will look at we , Doc , look at we . maybe we have a chance after all . ( then ) anyhow ... will lead Dr. Morris out of the library and through ... 35 . ext . campus - continuous where we see college - Abby everywhere ... play intermural soccer , read on the lawn , make out with will , etc . will and Dr. Morris walk through this scene , one after another . will Abby come into she own in college . she engage with the world , become extremely popular , even fall in love ( not to toot my own horn but toot toot ) . she graduate top of she class with a English lit degree , write she thesis on ... ABBY ( pre - lap ) will ! will ! suddenly we be in ... int . frat party - night three frat boy idiot hold will upside down , readying he to chug from a keg . Young Abby rush over toward will , nonpluss by the fact that he 's upside down over a keg . ABBY the unreliable narrator ! will huh ? ABBY ( mile -a-minute ) my thesis ! unreliable narrator be consider a '' device , '' right ? do not answer , they be . they do not get a lot of literary analysis because it 's a gimmick , a trick . I mean yeah , canterbury tale get a shout out for have one , but usually it 's the stuff of popcorn crime novel and thriller movie . agatha Christie , usual suspect , so on and so forth . but I be go to argue that by definition , any narrator be unreliable . ( more ) 36 . ABBY ( cont 'd ) because when someone be tell a story , there be always a distance from the actual story to they tell of the story . therefore , any story that have ever be tell have a unreliable narrator . the only truly reliable narrator would be someone hypothetically tell a story as it happen before we eye , which be obviously impossible . and what do that mean ? ( deep breath ) it mean that the only truly reliable narrator be life itself . but life itself , by it 's very nature , be a unreliable narrator , too - because it be constantly misdirect we , misleading we , take we on a journey where it 's literally impossible to predict what be go to happen next . that 's my thesis : life as the ultimate unreliable narrator . ( then ) what do you think ? will I think -- ABBY it will make more sense when I write it . Love you ! bye ! she race off . will 's friend stuff the spout back in he mouth as he watch she race off . he 's literally upside - down , in love . back to : int . therapist 's office - continuous will sit , lose in think . he look up at Dr. Morris . will hey , before , when I invite you over to watch Natalie portman movie , you know I be just be funny , right ? 37 . dr . morris I do . will because I be still marry . at least I think I be . I have not sign any papers or anything yet . do not know how this work . dr . morris it 's fine , will . will okay . a long beat . dr . morris tell I about you marriage ? will you want I to tell you about my marriage ? dr . morris I do . will then you have not be listen . it do not matter what I tell you , Doc . his eye suddenly well with tear . int . bedroom - 6 month earlier we be back where we first see will and Abby together , in bed six month earlier , talk about Bob Dylan . will ( v.o. ) I could tell you all about we marriage . I could tell you every detail of that morning she leave I . we pick up mid-scene ( we have see this already ) . ABBY I be in a phase , baby . c’mon , lean into this with I . it 's Dylan 's comeback album ! 38 . will ( v.0o . ) but be my memory even remotely accurate ? we rewind , play the moment again . ABBY ( irritate ) I be in a phase , will . why can not you just lean into this with I ? one fuck time , just lean into it with I . will ( v.o. ) I could tell you how much fun we have together that morning . we have see this next part , too : will he sound like he have a giant cock lodge in he throat . she playfully smack he with a pillow . ABBY asshole ! will roll on top of she . they wrestle playfully , until ... ABBY ( cont 'd ) okay , okay , wait , watch fuckface , be we roll on fuckface ? will , careful . will ( v.0o . ) or ... we rewind , play this part again : ABBY will , get off I . watch fuckface , be we roll on fuckface ? ( then , urgent ) will , get the hell off of I ! will get off she , surprised . will ( v.o. ) maybe I would be smother she for year . smother she with my love , with my dream , with a baby she be not ready for . 39 . flash / snapshot : - will put that toy gun to he head . - will 's parent house fill to the brim with toy . - Abby 's enormous belly . - Fifteen - year-old Abby hold that gun to uncle Joe 's head . will ( v.o. ) maybe I be just another man who look like he be there to save she life , when he be really just there to ruin it . we split screen two version of Abby on that bed , sway to Dylan : in one version , she look ethereal , happy , content . in the other , she 's wet eye , lose in think , extremely damage . will ( v.o . ) be she unhappy all along ? be my dream girl just something I would create in my mind 's eye . a narrative trick , to get we through , you know ... a life . back to : int . therapist 's office - continuous will sit with Dr. Morris . he take a sip of he coffee / whiskey . will this be some heavy philosophical shit we be delving into . dr . morris it be , yes . he drink more . Dr. Morris lean forward . DR. morris ( cont ’d ) will , can you talk a little about that day ? will shake he head '' no . '' Dr. Morris continue anyways . 40 . dr . morris ( cont ’d ) you have a nice morning with Abby talk about Bob Dylan -- will ( fierce ) you be not listen , Doc ! ( then , calming ) it may not have be a nice morning . it may have be a smother morning , that 's what I be try to fuck tell you ! his outburst be uneven and unnerve . Dr. Morris take a beat , press on : dr . morris and you go to you parent for lunch , and then what happen ? will ( start to cry ) she just leave I . dr . morris she do not just leave you , will -- will you do not want I to do this , doc. charmingly fuck up will be a lot more fun than deeply fuck up will . dr . morris will -- will I ' 1ll remind you that deeply fuck up will have try to kill himself two time in the past six month . dr . morris I be aware of that -- will I nil remind you that the first thing deeply fuck up will do after he get out from the hospital be buy a gun so he could get it right the third time . Dr. Morris go silent . this be new information . she nod , lean forward , say gently : 41 . dr . morris have you see Abby since you have be release , will ? will close he eye , remember : int . italian restaurant - day we have see this image before : will begging Abby to come back to he . ABBY ( cry ) you know I can not . will please Abby . just come back -- dr . morris ( 0.s. ) ( interrupt ) will ? will look up ( towards she voice ) : will I be talk to my wife ! dr . morris ( 0.s. ) but you wife be not there , be she ? we widen ... we see will be sit at a table by himself . and will see it , too . he know it . he admit : will no , she be not . will just stare at the empty seat across from he . he announce to no one in particular : will ( cont 'd ) I be not well . I be very sick . back to : int . therapist 's office - continuous Dr. Morris lean forward . 42 . dr . morris you be not sick , will . you be sad . you be mixing med . you be not yourself . ( then ) tell I about that morning . we see the previously see image that will describe : will we talk about Bob Dylan . we laugh . we almost crush the dog . we go to my parent . we eat meatloaf . he stop . tear be stream down he face . ext . brownstone - day pregnant Abby and happy will exit he parent . ABBY oh my God , I eat too much . will you eat the gross national meatloaf product of a small nation . ABBY ( nodd , sad ) we may have a meatloaf instead of a baby . will laugh . will walk it off ? ABBY please yes . he take she hand . they head down the bustling New York City street , slowly , contentedly . after a long beat ... ABBY ( cont 'd ) the baby be a girl , will . will turn , surprised . ABBY ( cont 'd ) I know we be not go to find out but a nurse slip up and ... I feel shitty know without you know : ( then , nervous excitement ) will , in about three week you be go to have a daughter . will stand there in stunne silence . ABBY ( cont 'd ) say something . slowly , will smile . ABBY ( cont 'd ) what ? will now I get it . ABBY what !? will I know what you want to name she . 43 . Abby smile mischievously , start crossing the street . she turn back to will . ABBY I know you do not like he music but -- will I love it . Abby smile . it 's a smile that could light up a city block . and suddenly we hear screeching tire . she turn in the direction of the sound . int . therapist 's office - continuous tear stream down will 's face . will it 's all I see . twenty - four hour a day . if I think about something else for one second , it come back like a wave the next . the bus . ( more ) back to : 44 , will ( cont 'd ) her face . that singular image of my girl ... ( gut ) lying there ... just go . snapshot : like will 's early screenplay ( but this time mercifully avoid the gore - though we can imagine ) : - a screeching bus , pandemonium . - will scream to back the bus up . - the little Hispanic boy cry inside the bus . will briefly lock eye with the boy . dr . morris will , you suffer a horrific , horrific trauma -- will ( realize ) I can not live without she . dr . morris you can . for you baby you can . ( then ) you baby survive , will . miraculously , she live . would not Abby want you to be there for you daughter ? will nod , break . dr . morris ( cont ’d ) so why have not you be to you parent yet ? why have not you see you baby ? will because she be right : I love she too much . I love she too hard . all I see be she face . ( then , nodd ) I be just do . will stand , a newfound determination on he face . dr . morris will , please sit down . will if I do not leave now , I never will . 45 . dr . morris will -- will I be sorry , Doc , you be very nice , but I do not want to be here anymore . I have to do this now or I never will , please close you eye . ( then ) I be not the hero of this story . and before we even know what 's happen , will reach into he sock , pull out he gun , put it in he mouth , and fire . it be instantaneous , jarring , and - obviously - shocking . everything slow and goe silent as Dr. Morris scream and run to will ... then out the door ( scream ) . cue song : the most populist track from Bob Dylan 's time out of mind album : to make I feel you Love . a long beat , as we process this ... then : a new '' narrator '' take over , this time a little girl : little girl ( 0.s. ) dear Rod . I get you letter and it be very nice . you spell really good my nana say , and you seem like a very nice boy she say too . int . bedroom - day a little girl 's hand write this letter , carefully . little girl ( 0.s. ) I think you be lucky that you have a bird . I have a dog . he be my best friend . do you like pizza ? I mainly like pizza and dog . but dog more . reveal : a little girl ( 6 ) . adorable . Wise beyond she handful of year . little girl ( cont ’d ) ( as she write ) from , Dylan Dempsey . this be will and Abby 's daughter , age six year . 46 . we earlier female adult narrator take back over . narrator ( v.o. ) to say Dylan Dempsey 's childhood be mark by death and tragedy would be the grossest of understatement ... and also a little bit douchey . tight on six - year-old dylan 's face . she look directly into lens . narrator ( v.o. ) she be literally bear of death and tragedy . screech ! the sound of a bus . Little Dylan flinch . narrator ( v.o. ) six month into she little life , she father start lock in the pattern . gunshot ! Dylan flinch again . narrator ( v.o. ) and this be all before the poor kid even understand what the hell be go on . int . brownstone - day ( 5.5 year earlier ) six -month-old dylan play on the floor . behind her : slightly out of focus , she grandparent be hysterically cry and hold each other . baby Dylan watch they , as if understanding . narrator ( v.o. ) the fallout from will Dempsey 's suicide be instant , long last , and far reach . int . new york apartment -— evening Dr. Morris sit on the couch , wrap in a blanket , daze and teary . her husband rub she back , but she just stare forward at ... 47 . a tv screen she 's watch young Natalie portman in '' the professional . '' int . dylan 's new home - continuous baby Dylan watch she grandparent cry . Little fuckface ( the dog ) come over and lick she face . narrator ( v.o. ) Dylan would now be raise by she mid-sixty grandparent , irwin and Linda . and the odd be not great that they have last very long . on irwin : he sit on the couch , stare into lens , cry . as we narrator describe he condition - arrow , stat , and graphic demonstrate what she describe : narrator ( v.o. ) irwin Dempsey be sixty - six year old . he be 5'10 '' and he weigh 265 pound . when people would caution that you do not see a lot of nearly 300 pound , 70 year old walk around , irwin would always say : irwin ( proud but sad ) you will soon , mother fucker . narrator ( v.o. ) irwin have high cholesterol , severe arthritis , and the beginning of gout . and he be the healthiest of Dylan 's new caretaker . the camera swing over to Linda Dempsey , who now stare directly into lens , cry . narrator ( v.o. ) for two decade , Linda Dempsey have manage she clinical anxiety and depression with a ever-evolve cocktail of prozac , Zoloft , and white wine . Linda nod into lens , teary . 48 . narrator ( v.o. ) and that anxiety and depression do not even account for she only child 's suicide , nor the grapefruit size tumor which she have no idea be grow inside of she . ext . cemetery - day irwin stand at Linda 's grave with now EIGHT - year -old dylan . she look up at she grandfather , see that he 's cry . she take he hand . int . dylan 's bedroom - evening Dylan sit in bed with a aging fuckface . around she room , we get a sense of the girl ... - a write desk . - Little girl pink and purple , mix - strangely - with bob dylan poster . - a photograph of Abby , will , and a much young fuckface in happier / earlier time . it be almost viscerally painful . knock knock . irwin stand at the half open door . he 's hold a glass of whiskey . irwin how you feel , kiddo ? she shrug . dylan I feel like my whole life be go to be mark by death and tragedy . narrator ( v.o. ) she do not say this , of course , but if she could verbalize what she be feel at eight year old , she would have . irwin sit next to she . eight -year-old '' Dylan '' continue express she innermost thought : dylan I crave a happy life , grandpa . I have a almost desperate craving for stability and happiness , the way fat people crave chocolate or lose hiker crave rescue . I want to live a big great fantastical life . but I be concerned that the tragedy that seem to follow I - the tragedy that birthed I - will prevent that from ever happen . and I do not know if I can withstand another body blow like this . narrator ( v.o . ) but what she really say be : dylan be you gonna die , grandpa ? irwin take a sip of he whiskey , think . then : irwin yes . I be . and probably sooner than you would like , kiddo , if I be be honest . but I be gonna fight like hell to stick around for you as long as possible , to prevent one more death from come anywhere near you doorstep . I be gonna get on the fuck treadmill , I be gonna cut back on the red meat , I be gonna do my best to get you through you teenage year without lose one more goddamn thing . he nod , determine . irwin ( cont ’d ) I be go to do that for you mother and father . I be go to do it for you grandmother . but mostly I be go to do it for you , granddaughter . he look at she , eye welling with tear and love . irwin ( cont ’d ) yeah , I be go to squeeze out ten more year from this decrepit old body for you , my girl . my angel . my world . 50 . narrator ( v.o. ) again : irwin express this all with : irwin Nah , no more die around here , kiddo . okay ? irwin hold out he whiskey to toast he granddaughter . she pretend to hold a glass of she own , and '' clink '' with he . they take a real / fake sip together , and at the same time : dylan / irwin ( be : real / fake whiskey ) ahhhhhh . narrator ( v.o. ) but irwin have no more power to prevent loss than any of we do . int . veterinarian holding area - day nine - year-old Dylan sit on the floor . next to she , fuckface lie on he side - die . she pet he , gently . behind her , irwin stand with a vet . he slam he hand into the wall in frustration . int . veterinarian procedure room - later the vet inject fuckface , put he down . Dylan keep petting the dog , lock eye with he . dylan tell they I be nice . she place that long - ago photograph of she parent and fuckface next to dog . it will be bury with he . 51 . int . dylan 's bedroom - later Dylan come home , begin tear the Bob Dylan poster off of she wall . narrator ( v.o. ) her mother get hit by a bus . her father commit suicide . her grandmother die of cancer . ( then ) but it be the death of a mini goldendoodle that end Dylan Dempsey 's childhood . Dylan turn , look into lens again . as she do , and as we narrator continue , Dylan slowly - ever so slowly - morph in front of we eye from a innocent nine - year -old girl to a teenager . narrator ( v.o. ) 2025 to 2033 : the Dylan Dempsey transformation year . the year bring puberty . puberty bring sexuality . sexuality bring anger . and fear . and confusion . and when the smoke clear - where that sweet little girl once stand - there remain only a teenager who scared the absolute shit out of everyone . Dylan turn back to lens , revealing a fully evolve 18 - year - old dylan dempsey . she be a knockout , in a dangerous , way - too -sexy way . she begin throw stuff in a backpack . knock knock . irwin stand at the door again , age ten year himself . he 's thin . older . he may have cut out that red meat , but not the whiskey . he 's hold he ubiquitous glass of it . irwin hey . she do not even turn around . she grab he shrug a beat . 52 . dylan I be head out . irwin with who ? a pack of cigarettes from a drawer . irwin ( cont ’d ) you be not even go to try and hide that from I ? dylan be not we both better than that ? in agreement . irwin ( be : cigarettes ) you hear vermont 's make they illegal ? dylan remind I never to go to vermont . irwin ( " little boy '' ) can I have one ? dylan no . irwin just one ? dylan no , this thing will kill you . she pop a cigarette in she mouth . irwin cringe at the sight . irwin I be hope we could talk about college . dylan we talk about it last night . irwin we do not get very far . 53 . dylan yes we do . we just do not get where you want . a beat . irwin promise to be home by eleven ? dylan I would rather not lie to you . irwin lie to I . dylan i’1l be home by eleven . she walk past he . he grab she arm , turn she . irwin Dylan . he look at she . he look old , tired . she soften , ever so slightly . irwin ( cont ’d ) happy eighteenth , kiddo . he hold out he whiskey glass , as he once do to that adorable little girl . she roll she eye , but - after a moment - give in and clink a imaginary glass against he . at the same time , they both sip and ... irwin / dylan ahhhhhh . irwin touch she cheek . and suddenly we see it : sweet innocent Dylan be still in there , somewhere ... then she take irwin 's real whiskey glass and downs it in one gulp . dylan peace . she wink , exit . 54 . int . car - later Dylan sit in the backseat of a small suv . three young men ( two up front , one in back ) sit in the car with they . everyone be smoking . in the back of the suv we see music equipment ( instrument , amp , etc . ) . it be important to remember : it be 2033 now . all around we we notice the change in costume , in vehicle , in technology . not a paradigm shift by any mean - no fly car - but it 's all part of the landscape . driver so I say to she - you friend look lonely . why do not the three of we get to know one another -- as the other bandmate '' male bond , '' Dylan look out the window of the car . on STREET they be pass the very intersection where Dylan 's mother Abby - exactly eighteen year earlier - be strike by that bus . on dylan as the car come to a stop at a traffic light . right at the spot . Dylan lower the window and stick she head ( and she entire top half of she body , really ) out of the car . she hover over the very spot where she mother die . as the light turn green , Dylan flick she cigarette out the window ... onto that exact spot . CUT to : int . bar - later Dylan be mid-performance , the lead singer for the band . signage announce she band 's name : pb&j. 55 . note : they music be the popular underground music of 2032 : a violent , electronica - base form of rock and 's roll . watch Dylan scream and flail on stage be jarring , to say the least . but she 's also a star performer . captivate . Raw . the most damage people always make for we great artist . the song finish . the sparse audience cheer . Dylan grab a mug of Beer from a nearby ledge and quietly speak to the crowd , commanding they attention : dylan we last song be kinda personal . my mom die eighteen year ago today , and -- drunk take it off ! dylan ( explosive ) fuck you ! Dylan calm herself , take a sip of she beer , continue : dylan ( cont 'd ) they tell I she use to listen to -- drunk # 2 show we you tit !!! Dylan throws she mug out at the kid . it shatter in the distance . Dylan give up on '' context , '' simply announce : dylan this be we last song . Dylan step over toward a nearby keyboard , begin play . softly she start sing , beautifully . it 's to make you feel my Love by Bob Dylan ... unplugge . 56 . dylan ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) when the rain be blow in you face / and the whole world be on you case / I could offer you a warm embrace / to make you feel my love ... and with that : the band explode . suddenly this become a violent / thrashing version of the one commercial love song on Bob Dylan 's otherwise perfectly bleak album . Dylan be simply on fire : scream , stalking the stage , let out as many of the ghost that haunt she as possible . CUT to : int . backstage room - later Dylan give a blowjob to the drummer of the band . if it be hard to watch will and Abby 's only daughter smoke cigarettes , this be worse . Way worse . add to the horror , be the fact that hanger - on and other band member be watch this . laugh . point . a nearby girl be even video- ing the oral sex on she phone . finally Dylan stand , the act complete . without miss a beat she grab the phone from the video - taping girl and smashes it . and like that ... Dylan calmly head to a nearby card table and grab herself a sandwich from a pile of pb&j sandwich ( the band 's fuel , and namesake ) . she 's about to leave , when : girl ( 0.s. ) you owe I a new phone , bitch . Dylan look up . it 's the girl whose phone she just smashed . 57 . dylan ( apologetic ) you be right . I be sorry , I should not have do that . it 's just be a weird day for I and I get heat . she reach toward she pocket . dylan ( cont 'd ) here , let I see what I have on I -- without warning , Dylan attack the girl . it 's brutal - and admittedly strange - to watch a pretty eighteen - year- old girl get so violent and so feral , so quickly . Dylan take the other girl down and pin she . she start pummel she . dylan ( cont 'd ) you think that 's funny , taping I ? you be not laugh now be you , bitch !? punch . slap. punch . Dylan smushes that pb&j sandwich into the girl 's face , violently . finally Dylan be pull off of the traumatize and bloody victim . Dylan shake off she '' referees , '' grab a fresh sandwich , and exit . ext . new york STREET - continuous Dylan walk back to that street corner where she mother die . it 's late , very few car . Dylan look out at the quiet street . she light a joint . smoke it . she take a bite of she fresh sandwich . chews . she take another hit from the joint . and then ... dylan 's Pov 58 . as she see she mother and father , at that same street corner , eighteen year earlier to the day : it 's the scene we have see before , but now they daughter ( back then unborn , but now eighteen ) be there , too . ABBY .-. will , in about three week you be go to have a daughter . dylan ( top of she lung ) no he’s not !!!! fucker 's gonna blow he brain out without ever meeting I !!! but , of course , will and Abby can not hear she . ABBY say something . slowly , will smile . ABBY ( cont 'd ) what ? will now I get it . ABBY what !? dylan you don ’t get it , asshole ! you don't get it at all ! will I know what you want to name she . Abby smile mischievously , start crossing the street . she turn back to will . dylan might want to look to you right , lady ! ABBY I know you do not like he music but -- will I love it . Abby smile . 59 . dylan ( sing -songy ) here come the busssss ! but suddenly a desperation take over for Dylan . dylan ( cont 'd ) Mom , look out . ( then ) Mom ? mom !!! look out ! and suddenly we hear screeching tire . Dylan close she eye ( she can not watch ) . when she open they , the street be empty once more . she recover , take a bite of she sandwich . she breathes deeply , look back up . but now , in front of her ... the bus be back ( or at least the memory of it ) . press up against the glass , inside the bus , be that little four - year - old Hispanic boy . his eye be welling with tear . Dylan 's eye be , too . they stare at each other . little boy be you okay ? dylan do it matter ? she take a bite of she sandwich . on the bus , the little boy cock he head , take she in . narrator ( v.o . ) if four- year - old rodrigo Gonzales have really be there that night , he might have tell the stone young woman stand in front of he that it matter quite a bit to he that Dylan Dempsey be okay . 60 . int . bus - 18 year earlier Little rodrigo sit with he mother and father in the back of a New York City bus . rodrigo be adorable , carefree , and curious . he 's hold a plastic statue of Liberty toy souvenir and wear a '' I love new york '' T-shirt . his blue-collar parent javier ( big smile , barrel - chest ) and isabel ( beautifully tired , stoic ) wear similar t-shirt . they be fight a lose battle to control they rambunctious son . but they do not seem to mind lose the battle . this family enjoy one another . they love , openly . important note to reader : all conversation within this story will be in Spanish , and subtitle ) . rodrigo I want to go up front . isabel sit , hijo . javier oh , c’mon , mamasita , let the boy explore . isabel ( amused smile ) and be you go to walk he up and down the aisle ? javier ( playful teasing ) as a matter of fact I be . isabel roll she eye as javier take rodrigo 's hand . we follow little rodrigo down the aisle as he somehow manage to draw smile from even this jade New York commuter crowd . rodrigo hola ... hola ... hola ... narrator ( v.o. ) before they trip to New York City , the Gonzales family have never venture outside of Spain . ( more ) 61 . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the andulucia region , to be more specific . rodrigo stop toward the middle of the bus as a man entertain he with a magic trick ( coin in the ear ) . narrator ( v.o. ) they be simple , happy people , from a simple , happy place . vacation do not come naturally to they - frankly , it never occur to they that they might need a break from anything . a coin get pull from a euphoric rodrigo 's ear . javier laugh . narrator ( v.o. ) but little rodrigo have become obsessed with New York City . so he loving father buy cheap plane fare and book the most rat - infest Manhattan hotel imaginable . ( then ) until this moment , it have be the trip of a lifetime . javier get draw into conversation ( in Spanish ) with a nearby older woman as little rodrigo keep move down the aisle . narrator ( v.o. ) again : simple people , with they own simple , unique , brand of happiness . javier look back at he wife , wink at she . isabel smile back , motion for he to keep a eye on rodrigo ( who have run up toward the bus driver ) . on rodrigo : approach the driver . rodrigo hola . javier ( few step behind ) hijo , leave he . 62 . bus driver ( look down momentarily ) no , it 's oka -- someone scream . the bus driver look back up and slam on the break . rodrigo and javier ( the only one stand ) go fly . pandemonium . we have see this all but from the outside perspective . now we be inside the bus see : spectator scream . will Dempsey , outside , frantically yelling for the bus to back up . the bus driver do so . Little rodrigo rise to he foot , unhurt , and see what 's beneath the bus ( we do not ) . rodrigo 's Pov : his little body block we view of the horrifying carnage . all we see be Abby Dempsey 's unharme , enormously pregnant , belly . and , of course , we see will Dempsey . rodrigo lock eye with will . his little eye fill with tear just as ... javier ( forehead bleed ) scoops rodrigo up and carry he away from the window . as javier carry rodrigo back to he frantic mother , check for injury , everything slow . cue song : a Spanish version of not Dark yet by Bob Dylan . through the follow , we stay with traumatize rodrigo ( stare back at the scene of the crime ) . narrator ( v.o. ) the life of two family be forever change that day . the dempsey be , as we know , shattered - instantly and in full . but for the Gonzales family , it would take some time for the effect of the accident to fully take root . ( more ) 63 . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( then ) and theirs be a family that know quite a bit about root . we hear happy whistling and ... CUT to : ext . olive tree grove ( seville , spain ) - day a laborer 's rough hand feel the earth around a olive tree 's root , check on dampness of the soil . the hand pick up fall olive from the ground , check for bruise . later : the same hand : as they ever so gently slide olive off a small branch and into a bucket ( brucatura ) . we widen : revealing that the hand belong to a young javier ( rodrigo 's father ) . he 's about ten year young here . there 's something beautiful about this big , barrel - chest young man so gently caring for this olive . we widen further : revealing a 200 - acre olive grove . it 's harvest time , and all around javier , other laborer pick olive from other tree . the other laborer use a easier , and more common '' by hand '' technique . what they be do be call '' a mano con telo '' - or , simply , '' by hand with net . '' in a nutshell : they have place large nets around the trunk of the tree , and use a combination of rake and ladder to loosen the olive en masse ( which then fall into the net ) . but javier just sit up high , whistling , slide that olive into he bucket by hand - olive after olive . a fancy pickup approach and a laborer call out : 64 . laborer he 's here . murmur and cheer as everyone race toward the truck . a elegant man ( 40s ) step out and greet he worker . this be mr. saccione . he 's italian , dapper , and otherworldly handsome . and this guy fuck love he . as he greet each man by name , and shake they hand , he look off in the distance ... to javier : the only man still work . sitting atop he ladder , slide olive into he bucket , contentedly . the boss may have arrive , but for javier nothing have change . though he have stop whistling . CUT to : int . farmhouse - evening a stun Spanish farmhouse . view as far as the eye can see . Mr. saccione sit at a desk , write . behind he , young javier step into the room . he 's dirty from work and clearly uncomfortable stand before he boss . he debate how to announce he presence when ... mr . saccione javier , thank you for come down . Mr. saccione turn . mr . saccione ( cont ’d ) come , sit . sit. Mr. saccione motion at a armchair . mr . saccione ( cont ’d ) drink ? 65 . javier shake he head no . Mr. saccione sit on the couch opposite he . mr . saccione ( cont ’d ) it occur to I that we have never really speak . five year I have own this land , javier , and I do not think we have say more than a few word to one another . javier shift uncomfortably . mr . saccione ( cont ’d ) I be raise in Italy , you know this , yes ? that I be italian ? aha , yes , you know . but do you know that I be only half - italian ? this be true , javier ! my italian father travel to andulucia as a young man and this be where he meet my mother - do you know any of this ? do you know my mother be from the area ? javier no , senor . mr . saccione a royal fuck of a man , my father . few man have ever be worse , of this I be certain , javier . he meet my young mother , sweep she off she foot , then move she away from everything she know and everyone she love . he be possessive and control and abusive . and he be rich , which make a royal fuck of a man like that particularly dangerous -- be you sure I can not offer you a drink ? wine , tequila , anything you want ? javier ( tentative ) cervesa ? mr . saccione yes , of course ! cervesa ! Mr. saccione hop to he foot , continue he story from the next room : 66 . mr . saccione ( cont ’d ) ( yell back ) so there 's my young mother - a full blooded Spanish andulucian cut off from she family , live in the italian countryside - do not speak a word of italian by the way -- it 's a little warm , I be sorry . he 's return , hand javier the beer . he sit back down . mr . saccione ( cont ’d ) my father decide he want a '' italian '' wife . a '' italian '' family . so he disallow Spanish in he home . he cut off contact with she family . mama have nothing to care about . no one to love . and so ... she get pregnant . with I . as I get older , we make a pact : she will teach I Spanish , she will teach I about that half of my heritage - but my father must never know . and over that year -— whenever my father travel for work - she secretly arrange for package to be ship from she homeland . Spanish food and wine and treat - we would eat they so fast we stomach would swell , javier ! always make sure we never leave a trace that my father might discover . we favorite treat be always the Spanish olive oil . can you imagine , javier !? there we be in the italian countryside - home to the richest olive oil in the world - pour Spanish olive oil down we throat like you and I now drink this cervesa . what a pair mama and I be . what a pair indeed . Mr. saccione sip he beer . mr . saccione ( cont ’d ) she die , my mother . when I be just sixteen . as soon as she die , that royal fuck of a man cut I off . I live in squalor through my teens and twenty . he see my mother in I , javier . and in my mother he see only a dirty Spaniard who have ruin he life . 67 . a beat . slowly , Mr. saccione smile . mr . saccione ( cont ’d ) luckily for I : my father be not just a bigot , he be also a narcissist . he never think he would die , even as he get older , even as he get sicker . and so ... he never make a will . ( then ) the moment that royal fuck of a man leave this earth , I become a wildly wealthy man , javier . and the first thing I do be buy this land back in andulucia , where I now grow hundred of acre of the olive oil that mama and I once hoard . and while business keep I away most of the time , this land be the only thing that matter to I , javier . this land be my story , and it be my mama 's story . it be everything to I . this hang there . Mr. saccione finish off he beer . mr . saccione ( cont ’d ) and so , javier : that be why the olive mean so much to I . and now I must ask you : why do they mean so much to you ? javier I do not follow . mr . saccione the other man use net and rake , you pick by hand . you can only pick half as many -- javier ( defensive ) I work twice as long . mr . saccione no , I be aware . this be not criticism , javier . it be simply a question . why do you work harder then the other man ? javier because it 's the right way -- 68 . mr . saccione ( explode ) Jesus , javier , come on ! he quickly calm himself a little . mr . saccione ( cont 'd ) I tell you my story . I tell you the story of my fuck of a father and my poor abuse mother ... and when I ask you for the same all I get be '' because it 's the right way ? '' ( then , jovial again ) come now , javier ! drink you cervesa ! tell I you story ! javier think , put down he beer . javier I be a simple man . I do not have a story . I do not have a fuck of a father . my father be funny and whistle why he work , and I like have a job where I can whistle while I work , too . the rake bruise the olive so I pick they by hand . it 's the right way . that be all . Mr. saccione go quiet . mr . saccione do you have a family ? javier I have a woman . I hope to make she my wife . mr . saccione will you have child ? javier I believe so , yes . one day . mr . saccione the man love you . I hear you tell they storey , make they laugh . javier I have a big mouth . mr . saccione but with I , you be reserve . 69 . javier you be my boss . mr . saccione I wish to be you friend . javier shake he head . a beat . javier no . I would disappoint you as you friend . mr . saccione I disagre -- javier I have give my answer . mr . saccione the other man admire I , and they barely know I . but you - you hear my story and it do not affect you . it do not make you like I . ( beat ) it 's okay , you can be honest . a beat , then : javier no . it do not . mr . saccione May I ask why -- javier I would not have take he money . a simple answer , from a simple man . but it say everything . load silence . Mr. saccione nod , stand . he pour himself a tequila . mr . saccione would you like to live here and oversee the man , javier ? as senorito ? you and you future wife and future child could live on the property . 70 . javier for free ? mr . saccione yes , of course there would be a raise -- javier no . my salary be fair . the free rent would be helpful enough . a beat . javier ( cont 'd ) I have one condition . mr . saccione ( smile ) you have a condition for get a raise ? javier I will take care of you land . I will help it thrive and I will treat it as my own . but my whistling be for I , and my big mouth be for the man . you will not ask of that from I ever again . ( then ) in turn , I will be the one man here to never ask anything of you . as Mr. saccione consider this ... narrator ( v.o. ) at exactly this moment , a mere 4000 mile away , Abby Dempsey ( then Abby lesher ) have just finish the first draft of she college thesis ... CUT to : int . will 's college bedroom - day will sit on he bed . Abby stand in front of he , read he she paper . it 's surreal to see they again . ABBY ( read ) ( more ) 71 . ABBY ( cont 'd ) but life itself prove to be the most unreliable of narrator - forever take we on a journey where it be impossible to predict what might happen next . ( break from read ) okay , this next part might be too flowery --- will read , woman ! ABBY I just worry that it 's not even literary criticism anymo -- will read !!! Abby breathes deep , continue : ABBY life itself trick we , it mislead we , it paint one man a hero when he may well be a villain . back on : mr. saccione . ABBY ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hero or villain ? back on : javier . ABBY ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) villain or hero ? widen , as the two man sip they cervesa in silence . ABBY ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) or maybe neither . maybe life be play the role of unreliable trickster , yet again . maybe that it paint as the heroes and villain of we storey be actually just day player in a much bigger movie . back to ABBY and will . ABBY ( cont 'd ) maybe they be simply extras , fill the frame , just so the real heroes can have body crossing in the background . Abby finish read , look sheepishly up at will . a long beat of silence , then : will Holy shit , you be so much smarter than I . ABBY I really be , be not I ? 72 . will grab she as she giggle and they start mess around . as we watch this two ill-fate college kid begin to make the kind of jubilant love only ill-fate college age kid can make ... narrator ( v.o. ) Abby 's thesis be a total disaster . her favorite and most trust professor argue - as she fear he might - that she have stray from literary criticism and have veer into a unwieldy cross of creative write and seventeenth century french philosophy . he say Abby have essentially regurgitate the philosopher descartes who in he third and fifth meditation discard perception as unreliable - which , Abby 's favorite and most trust professor argue , be all Abby be really say herself . ( then ) then Abby 's favorite and most trust professor try to fuck she ... which , one might argue , prove Abby 's thesis after all . CUT to : ext . seville ( CITY square ) - later javier skip through the town square , whistling as always . he hold a rise . narrator ( v.o. ) a continent away , javier Gonzales be worried about none of this . javier Gonzales do not philosophize and he never wonder what life have in store for he . ( more ) 73 . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) javier Gonzales know where he be go . he have know all along . javier stop in front of a SMALL theatre . CUT to : int . theatre - continuous a full - on traditional flamenco show be in motion . all eye in the crowd be on a stunning woman ( 20 ) , in full flamenco gear , gracefully and powerfully commanding the stage . yes , all eye be on she ... except for javier 's . he be the one person ( in the entire room ) look in the complete opposite direction at ... a waitress ( who we recognize as rodrigo 's future mother , isabel ) . she look tired . her dress be prematurely old and wear , like she . she look up . she lock eye with javier . he beam and hold up he rise . she beam back . sometimes it 's that simple . ext . theatre - later javier sit outside by a fountain , hold he rise , wait . isabel exit the theatre , look around for he . for a moment , javier just watch she eye search . this be clearly one of he favorite hobby , watch isabel search for he and catch she at the exact moment when she spot he . which happen right ... now . she beam . he beam back . 74 . narrator ( v.o. ) isabel diaz have be teach from birth to expect a very average life . flashback to : int . SMALL home - day ( 20 year earlier ) we see a compose lineup of six young girl . the camera pan the line , leave to right , start with three gorgeous girl : narrator ( v.o. ) she be one of six sister , and be openly consider to be the fourth prettiest . we stop pan four girl down the line , on isabel . here she 's 7 , and ordinary . we push in on she blank little face . narrator ( v.o . ) by the same debilite rating system , isabel be consider the third smartest , and fourth funniest of the sister . she have be bear average , something hammer home by even she favorite relative : she abuela . reveal : abuela ( 70 ) in isabel 's face . abuela you be not special like some of you sister , but you be not useless like the other . you be in the middle . maybe you can be a waitress or a teacher one day . try not to get too fat and maybe you can even meet a man and have someone to share meal with for the rest of you life . Little isabel nod . back to : 75 . ext . theatre —- continuous isabel , smile , approach javier . narrator ( v.o. ) isabel 's very average life have play out in the very average fashion that everyone have forecast for she . ( then ) until javier come along . she arrive at javier . he hand she the rise . javier you be amazing tonight . isabel amazing , you say ? I be amazing serve tapas and have my ass grab by drunk ? javier the best I have ever see . she laugh . narrator ( v.o. ) javier have work hard to undo isabel 's programming . slowly , he believe , she be start to see that she be special enough to deserve a special life , even if it be to be a simple one . javier I want to show you something . ext . olive grove - later we push ( high speed ) through olive tree until we land on ... a group of shelter and shed know , collectively , as a cortijo . this be the structure on a farm ( finca ) which house laborer , livestock , mill , etc . the large building be a two -story structure , the residence for a senorito ( javier 's new position ) . he now stand in front of this charming two -story home , show it off to isabel : 76 . isabel ( stunne ) you will live here ? all of this be yours ? javier no , bonita . our . I would like it to be ours . she look at he , surprised . javier ( cont 'd ) I can make a life for we now . I will not be a rich man , but I will be a good one . TI have devote myself to you since the moment I first see you , but now I would like to make it official . isabel -- isabel yes . javier stop . isabel ( cont 'd ) I answer yes . yes to everything . javier smile , grab she . cue : a cante jondo song . cante jondo translate as '' deep song '' - a weighty style of andulucian flamenco . it 's basically the flamenco blue . there be a staccato vocal drive the song that feel like euphoric celebration one moment , desperate sadness the next . it feel like life . CUT to : int . MAIN room - later javier and isabel dance . as they do , the camera circle they - leave one of they , pick up the other , over and over again . as the camera circle ... year pass . facial hair change for javier each time we return to he . hairstyles for isabel each time we return to she . eventually , isabel become pregnant . 77 . they keep dance , she belly grow larger and larger . eventually , there 's a baby hold between they ( little rodrigo ) . as we continue to circle , and they continue to dance , rodrigo grow to four year old ( the age we first meet he at ) . throughout this ( from outside the large bay window behind they ) , we sometimes catch mr . saccione , watch they dance . usually he look on with a smile , happy for the sweet young lover . but occasionally , there 's a glint of something different in he eye . be it jealousy ? be he covete isabel ? they love ? they new son ? it 's probably nothing . but if it 's nothing , why do the flamenco music always sound a little more ominous when the camera find he ? CUT to : int . javier & isabel 's home - morning isabel make coffee on a small wood - burn stove . she look towards the small kitchen table where : Mr. saccione play with little rodrigo ( 4 ) . he 's bring rodrigo a beautiful globe . mr . saccione .-. and over there , javier , that be America . javier New York ? mr . saccione yes , New York , you remember this !? ( to isabel ) what a child this be ! he remember my story of travel to New York from week ago , and now connect it to the proper country ! isabel smile , deliver the coffee . 78 . isabel he remember everything you teach he . narrator ( v.o. ) isabel could no longer remember when Mr. saccione first start come over to visit rodrigo . on mr . saccione and rodrigo , bond . isabel watch . narrator ( v.o. ) she only know that the visit have become more consistent . usually in the middle of the day , always when javier be in the field . mr . saccione in English , rodrigo , nueva York be '' New York , '' can you say this ? New York ? javier New York . mr . saccione what a child ! in perfect imitation of the accent no less ! I just love this child ! isabel flinch , slightly uncomfortable with that sentiment come from he . Mr. saccione notice , go quiet . narrator ( v.o. ) isabel like Mr. saccione . she like the thing he expose rodrigo to - a breadth of knowledge and experience that she and javier could never access . so while she have never hide Mr. saccione 's visit from she husband , it be fair to say she would undersold they frequency and intensity . Mr. saccione stand , approach isabel . mr . saccione I apologize . I overstay my welcome -- isabel no -- 79 . mr . saccione yes , I do . I have many great thing in my life , Mrs. Gonzales , but I fear my strange upbringing have leave I with such scar ... I have be unable to find the great of thing . it be not fair for I to try and fill that void here . he 's close to isabel . it 's a bit intimate , quiet . isabel do not be silly . we enjoy have you . rodrigo love you . mr . saccione this be kind of you to say . he be truly such a special boy . oh the thing I might teach he one day ! English and literature and -- javier ( 0.s. ) hello , Mr. saccione . isabel and Mr. saccione whirl . javier stand in the doorway . mr . saccione ah , javier , good , I come to talk to you about the extension to the mill and bring a gift for you son -- javier thank you , but my son have enough toy . javier take the globe away from rodrigo . rodrigo ( cry ) no! isabel javier . javier shoot she a look , silencing she , and hand Mr. saccione back the globe . javier it be too generous , jefe . now come , let I fill you in on the status of the mill . ( pointedly ) ( more ) 80 . javier ( cont 'd ) and from here forth , when you need I , you can just send word . I will come to you and save you the trip . mr . saccione ( get it ) of course . Mr. saccione tip he cap toward isabel and rodrigo . rodrigo ( through tear ) I want to go to New York with he ! as javier escort Mr. saccione out of he home , he look back at he wife . she look equal part furious ( at javier ) and ashamed ( of herself ) . narrator ( v.o. ) javier Gonzales be a simple man , but not a stupid one . and that day , he begin do something he would never do before : plan a family vacation . to a place that - he have just learn - he son desperately want to visit with someone else . CUT to : ext . new york CITY - day in flash , we watch the Gonzales family enjoy they New York City vacation : - they walk the street of Manhattan . rambunctious rodrigo point out everything , enamor with the scope of the city . - the family sleep ( all in one bed ) in a cramped youth hostile . they be surround by backpacker and vagrant . but they sleep contentedly , happy as can be . a true family . - they take in the statue of Liberty . - they buy crappy '' I love NYC '' t-shirt . - they sit in the back of a bus , wear they new t-shirt ( we have see this already ) . - javier chase rambunctious rodrigo down the aisle of the bus ( we have see this , too ) . 81 . - javier ( bloody ) carry rodrigo away from the front of the bus , post accident . narrator ( v.o. ) a pregnant woman eviscerate by a bus . a grow man weep , desperately . bystander scream . it be only about twenty second of footage but it would replay on a loop in little rodrigo Gonzales 's brain for year to come . CUT to : int . rodrigo 's bedroom ( spain ) - night Little rodrigo toss and turn in bed . he scream , waking himself . he have wet the bed . CUT to : int . rodrigo 's bedroom - later isabel try to calm she sweaty child , a cold compress on he head . javier watch from the doorway . he shift , unsure what to do . everything that make javier Gonzales great elsewhere , make he ill equip here . narrator ( v.o . ) it be textbook early childhood trauma ... and it be happen to a family without any textbooks . int . javier & isabel 's home - day rodrigo ( now 5 ) throw a tantrum as isabel try to get he to eat . javier enter , close the door behind he . the door slamm make rodrigo jump . javier and isabel share a look . 82. int . kitchen - day javier and isabel fight . angrily . the stress of they unwell child be take a toll . int . school - day rodrigo ( now 6 ) get in a fight on the playground with another little boy . int . kitchen - day javier and isabel fight again . in a heat moment , javier punch the wall next to isabel 's head . he recoil at himself . she run off . he grab a bottle and start drink . int . rodrigo 's bedroom - night rodrigo , in bed , scream again ... startling himself awake . he have wet the bed , per usual . int . javier & isabel be bedroom — continuous isabel and javier lie in bed . they hear rodrigo 's scream from the next room and isabel stand to go to he . clearly this have become routine . she stop at the bedroom door . isabel he be not get better , javier . javier I know . this hang there . isabel he do not talk about it . I try but ... he can not . or he will not . javier it be just one moment . how can one moment just ... ( more ) 83 . javier ( cont 'd ) ( then , convincing himself ) he be so little . soon he 'il forget . yes , he will get better , bonita . I know this . but javier 's eye betray he . isabel we need to get he help . javier we take he to all the doctor -- isabel he need specialist . in Madrid . the doctor the rich people would go to . javier we be not rich people . isabel look at javier . he suddenly get what she 's ask . isabel he be we son , javier . he be we little boy and he be in pain . javier look at he beautiful wife . she 's plead with she eye . he nod . javier okay . isabel if you want , I will ask hi-- javier ( sharply ) no. ( then , loving ) no , bonita . I must . int . mr. saccione 's farmhouse - morning Mr. saccione sit at he desk . javier ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , Sir ? Mr. saccione look up in surprise . as javier begin to speak , uncomfortable ... 84. narrator ( v.o. ) the thing we do for we child be often the worst thing we do to ourselves . int . medical facility - day rodrigo work in a room with a therapist . he draw picture , play with toy , etc . on the other side of the viewing window : Mr. saccione , isabel , and javier watch . narrator ( v.o. ) money can not buy happiness . good health , however , be sometimes very much for sale . and Mr. saccione spare no expense when it come to help little rodrigo Gonzales . CUT to : int . therapist 's office - later the therapist talk to Mr. saccione and isabel . javier be there , of course , but he body language indicate that he 's become a mere support figure . narrator ( v.o. ) the diagnosis be , as expect , textbook : clinical early childhood trauma at a age when rodrigo 's still develop brain have be particularly at risk . the therapist continue talk . Mr. saccione ask the bulk of the question . javier blink , try to understand . narrator ( v.o . ) it would take time , but it be treatable . in therapist speak , rodrigo would need to learn to create a coherent narrative about what happen that day . be able to tell the story of the event would help he master he feeling . and one day there might be a breakthrough , a moment when rodrigo could fully accept what have happen to he and begin to move forward . 85 . Mr. saccione take note . javier watch , completely out of he depth . a spectator in he own son 's life . int . javier & isabel 's home - morning Mr. saccione give rodrigo a bird as a gift ( red ribbon on the cage ) . isabel and javier watch . narrator ( v.o. ) month pass . Mr. saccione 's visit be no longer restrict , he gift no longer withheld . javier know he have open the floodgates ... he just have not realize how much water he be let in . javier leave the room . no one notice . int . therapist 's office - day rodrigo ( now 7 ) draw a picture of a the scene of the accident . Front and center be a woman ( Abby ) on the ground with a huge , pregnant belly . narrator ( v.o. ) rodrigo start improve . int . rodrigo 's bedroom - night rodrigo ( almost 8 ) sleep through the night . narrator ( v.o. ) the step forward be small , but notable . int . javier & isabel 's bedroom - continuous isabel lie in bed , alone . narrator ( v.o. ) the therapy be work . 86 . int . kitchen - continuous javier sit at the table , drink alone again . narrator ( v.o . ) or some might argue , time be simply heal the wound . int . mr. saccione 's farmhouse - continuous rodrigo ( now 9 ) sit at Mr. saccione 's desk , write a letter ( in English ) under Mr. saccione 's watchful eye : rodrigo ( 0.s. ) dear Dylan . my name be rodrigo Gonzales , but I like to be call Rod . I be from Spain . my uncle present I -- mr . saccione ( correct ) gave I . rodrigo ( 0.s ) -- give I you address to write you a letter . CUT to : int . irwin dempsey 's brownstone ( new york ) - day irwin ( Dylan 's whiskey drink grandfather , remember he ? ) walk in the front door of he New York brownstone . he be hold the letter amidst other mail . rodrigo 's voice cover the follow : rodrigo ( v.o. ) I be there the day you be bear . I be on the bus . int . irwin 's kitchen - day irwin and Linda ( Dylan 's grandmother ) read the letter at the kitchen table . 87. rodrigo ( v.o. ) I wonder about you every day . actually , I wonder about you every minute . I hope you be okay and that you be happy . int . dylan dempsey 's bedroom - day Linda read the letter to Dylan ( age six ) . rodrigo ( v.o. ) I be sad for a long time but my uncle get I a bird which help . if you be sad maybe you can get a bird . please write I back ? I really hope very much that you be okay . Love , Rod . CUT to : int . dylan 's bedroom - later now Dylan write back the letter we see she write when we first meet she at six year old ( after will 's suicide ) . we hear she little voice through the follow : dylan ( 0.s. ) dear Rod . I get you letter and it be very nice . ext . olive grove - day Mr. saccione run through the olive grove like a giddy madman . he 's hold Dylan 's letter in he hand . dylan ( v.o. ) you spell really good my nana say , and you seem like a very nice boy she say too . Men ( work in the field ) watch Mr. saccione run , confuse . javier be amongst they . 88 . int . javier & isabel 's home —- continuous Mr. saccione burst into the house . isabel and rodrigo turn . he hold up the letter , excitedly . dylan ( v.o. ) I think you be lucky that you have a bird . I have a dog . he be my best friend . Mr. saccione hand rodrigo the letter . rodrigo slowly open it , read . dylan ( v.o. ) do you like pizza ? I mainly like pizza and dog . but dog more . from , Dylan Dempsey . ( then ) p.s. - I be okay . thank you for ask . rodrigo look up from the letter , daze . tear well in he eye . rodrigo ( realize ) she 's okay . and in that moment , we can see that rodrigo be go to be okay , too . he walk over to he mother , repeat : rodrigo ( cont ’d ) she 's okay . isabel nod . rodrigo hug he mother and he start cry . this make he mother cry , too . Mr. saccione watch , move . rodrigo turn to Mr. saccione and motion for he to join they . Mr. saccione hesitates , then do . as they group hug , Mr. saccione and isabel share a charge look . outside the BAY window : javier watch he family from the spot where Mr. saccione once stand . 89 . literally on the outside , look in . int . mr. saccione 's farmhouse - day later Mr. saccione sit at he desk , write . javier ( 0.s. ) do you love she ? Mr. saccione stop write . he do not even turn around . mr . saccione yes . javier and rodrig -- mr . saccione yes . Mr. saccione finally turn to face he accuser . mr . saccione ( cont ’d ) I have pure intention . you may not believe I , but ... ( then ) loneliness create weakness , javier . I be not proud . javier but you father certainly would be . you have turn out to be you father 's son after all , Sir . for Mr. saccione , this cut deeply . he stand , approach javier . Mr. saccione look he dead in the eye , determine . mr . saccione I give you my word : I will stay away from they . you son be heal , he do not need I anymore . they be you family , javier . not mine . he walk back to he desk and sit . but then : javier ( 0.s. ) no. 90 . Mr. saccione look up , as confuse as we be . CUT to : int . javier 's kitchen - night javier sit at the kitchen table , sip from a bottle . isabel enter the room , in a nightgown . isabel why have you not come to bed ? she notice a suitcase next to javier . isabel ( cont 'd ) what be this ? javier this be goodbye , bonita . isabel look confuse . isabel where be you go ? javier stand , approach she . javier I see the way you look at he . and he at you . isabel raise a brow . isabel javier , you be drunk and you be jealous -- javier I see what he have do for we son -- isabel he help he get better -- javier -- thing I could not do -- isabel you do nothing , javier ! this hang there . 91 . isabel ( cont 'd ) no ? you disagree ? be you look for answer at the bottom of that bottle ? javier stand . javier I have take a job up North . TI will send you all the money . though I suspect soon , you will not need it -- slap ! isabel slap he across the face . javier ( cont 'd ) bonit -- slap ! again . isabel so you just gift I to he ? after all we have be through together ... like a birthday present , you gift I !? javier you deserve mor -- isabel do not tell I what I deserve , javier ! I know what I deserve ! even as a little girl I know ! even when my abuela - my favorite abuela - tell I I be not special , that I be in the middle ... flashback to : int . room - day abuela counsels little isabel ( 7 ) - we have see this before : abuela ... try not to get too fat and maybe you can even meet a man and have someone to share meal with for the rest of you life . Little isabel nod blankly . 92. abuela turn away . Little isabel give she the finger . int . club - night isabel serve table . all around she , men watch the stun flamenco dancer on stage . isabel ( v.o. ) and when you think you save I , javier ? isabel spot young javier watch the show across the room . he 's laughing , and dancing . he 's appeal . isabel ( v.o. ) when you think you find I , and pluck I from my miserable life , and make I whole ? later : int . club - night javier laugh with friend . into he line of vision step isabel . she bend over to pick up a napkin , and look at he , coquettish . isabel ( v.o. ) I find you , javier . I choose you ! back to : int . kitchen - night isabel continue : isabel I choose you because I know I deserve someone special . someone kind , and funny ... someone who laugh with he eye . 93. javier so look I in that eye you love so much , isabel ! look I in that eye and tell I that you would have a better life with I than with he . isabel step right up to javier , look he dead in the eye . isabel I would have a better life with you than with he . a beat . isabel ( cont 'd ) now get the fuck out of my house . and as both of they register the unofficial end of they love story ... narrator ( v.o. ) life - that unreliable , mischievous little bitch - never stop twist we plot . ( then ) the inseparable , separate . ( then ) unbreakable love , break . int . bedroom - continuous javier kiss a sleep rodrigo goodbye . narrator ( v.o. ) more heroes exit we play , without so much as a curtain call . int . farmhouse - continuous isabel cry to Mr. saccione . narrator ( v.o. ) and support player suddenly take over the lead . isabel stop cry . she stand . isabel enough . for my son : enough . she wipe away she tear . 94 , isabel ( cont 'd ) ( strong ) that boy be all I have . and he glass have be half empty for far too long . I do not care what he become , just that he find he way . that he find he worth . ( then ) you will help he find that with I . mr. saccione of cour -- isabel ( firm ) say it . say you will help he find he way . Mr. saccione look up . he look isabel in the eye . mr . saccione I will help he find he way . isabel nod , soften . she speak gently to Mr. saccione : isabel I will never love you as I love he . it 's unclear who isabel be talk about : javier or rodrigo . but Mr. saccione just nod . he do not care . mr . saccione I understand . CUT to : int . bedroom - continuous nine-year-old rodrigo wake up . put on he sneaker . narrator ( v.o . ) if we have learn anything by now , it 's not to get too attach to new heroes . they tend to disappoint . but damn if little rodrigo Gonzales do not look like the real deal . rodrigo finish tie he lace . he look up at camera and ... 95 . the little guy wink right at we like he 's George fuck clooney . ext . olive grove ( seville , spain ) rodrigo run through the olive grove , a child at play . as he run through the tree , we continually pan down to he shoe , and back up to he face . back and forth . as we do ... the shoe change , and rodrigo age . and as rodrigo evolve during this one single shot / run , he life play out in voice - over : rodrigo ( v.o. ) where 's papa ? isabel ( v.o. ) papa go away for a bit , hijo . rodrigo keep run . rodrigo ( v.o. ) ( later ) where 's papa ? isabel ( v.o. ) papa be go , hijo . rodrigo run faster . his hair grow longer . he 's ten . then eleven . mr . saccione ( v.o. ) now read it again , in English . rodrigo ( v.o. ) ( read ) you do not know about I without you have read a book by the name of the adventure of Tom sawyer ; but that be not no matter . rodrigo start fill out , run harder . he become a pre - teen ... twelve , then thirteen . teacher ( v.o. ) rodrigo be my finest student , Ms. Gonzales . 96 . teacher # 2 ( v.o. ) the most popular boy in my class . coach ( v.o. ) a tremendous athlete you son . a gift runner . running faster and faster now . he turn into a muscular teenager ... fourteen , fifteen , sixteen ... girl ( v.o. ) be you a virgin ? rodrigo ( 0.s. ) I be . girl ( 0.s. ) would you like not to be ? now he 's a fully - grow eighteen year old . Movie star handsome . he 's no longer run through the olive grove for '' play . '' now he 's run for sport . drive . teacher ( 0.s. ) we think he can get a academic scholarship . coach ( 0.s. ) we think he can get a athletic scholarship . mr . saccione ( 0.s. ) where do you want to go to school , rodrigo ? rodrigo ( 0.s. ) America . rodrigo be run top speed now . muscle churn . his face spread into a huge smile as he spot ... the farmhouse . he 's run home . and he have news . int . farmhouse - continuous he burst in the door . 97 . rodrigo mama !? Vincent !? mr . saccione ( 0.s. ) we be upstairs . rodrigo throw down he bag . he bolt through the house . rodrigo ( call out ) I get in ! nyu ! early admission ! narrator ( v.o. ) New York have once captivate rodrigo 's imagination , then haunt it , and eventually captivate it again . rodrigo take the stair , two at a time ... narrator ( v.o. ) so it come as no surprise that he would be subconsciously draw back to the city one day . ( then ) but life tend not to forecast its biggest surprise . rodrigo enter a bedroom to find ... isabel and mr. saccione ( both age nine year ) sit on a bed . they have be cry . rodrigo stop in he track . they look up at he . isabel I be sick , hijo . CUT to : int . kitchen - later rodrigo , isabel , and Mr. saccione eat at the kitchen table in silence . finally , rodrigo put down he fork . rodrigo I will delay University . I will stay home until you be better . 98 . isabel absolutely not . rodrigo ( gentle ) it be not you decision , mama . mr . saccione isabel , with all that be happen -- isabel I say no . rodrigo ( again , firmly ) and I say that it be not you decision . isabel look up , surprised at she son 's tone . rodrigo ( cont ’d ) you have give I everything , mama . you have give I you life . I can give you this . isabel hij -- rodrigo ( firm ) I can give you this . he lean in . take they hand . rodrigo ( cont ’d ) we will fix this , mama . we will fix this the way you fix I . look at I . both of you , look at I . ( then ) we will fix you . Mr. saccione nod . he squeeze rodrigo 's hand . as they sit there like this , we narrator repeat a earlier sentiment : narrator ( v.o. ) money can not buy happiness . but good health , be sometimes very much for sale . 99 . int . hospital - later isabel receive chemo . narrator ( v.o . ) but not always . she look awful . Mr. saccione look on , confuse . this be not how it be suppose to go . int . bedroom - later rodrigo tend to he mother , wetting she lip with water . int . farmhouse - later rodrigo ( now sport a mustache ) and Mr. saccione play chess in silence . wait for something to change . ext . olive grove - later rodrigo ( now with a young man 's sparse beard ) pick olive the same way he father once do ... by hand , into a bucket . all around he , man use the more typical ( and faster ) technique involve rake and net . in the distance Mr. saccione watch rodrigo . he smile sadly . for many reason . int . farmhouse - later rodrigo read by the fire . Mr. saccione step into the room . mr. saccione you mother ask for you . int . bedroom - later rodrigo stop at the door , look in at he mother . what we see be shocking : 100 . isabel have be ravage by cancer . bald . almost unrecognizable . she motion for rodrigo to come closer . he do . she speak quietly . isabel it have be two year , hijo . I do not get better . Vincent spend enough so I do not get worse . I just ... survive . and you just wait . it be enough . rodrigo mama - — isabel ( lovingly ) it be enough , hijo . ( then ) listen to I , come here . she pull he toward she . she start talk , very softly . we do not translate this . we do not need to . she be tell he to leave she . and as the mother release the son from he duty ... the son cry . he cry because what she say be powerful and because he know she be right . it be time for rodrigo Gonzales to start he life . int . nyu classroom - day rodrigo sit in a class , take note . narrator ( v.o. ) rodrigo enter nyu a twenty - one - year - old freshman . and as he have be do for most of the previous decade , he thrive . ext . field - day a cross -country track meet . rodrigo burst from the wood , run in a full sprint . he fly past camera . 101 . it take ten second for anyone else to even emerge from the wood . narrator ( v.o. ) he lettere in two sport . int . classroom - day rodrigo give a presentation . narrator ( v.o. ) his mark be at the very top of he class . int . dorm room - evening rodrigo fool around with a attractive girl . narrator ( v.o. ) he even embark on a relationship with a nineteen - year - old jewish american princess from Long Island name shari dickstein . she make he laugh . usually not intentionally . shari break from they kiss . shari oh my gawd , I totally forget to tell you , I be at Whole Foods , and Rina rothman be there - such a pig - anyway -- as shari continue ( and rodrigo suppress a laugh ) : narrator ( v.o. ) she be not he great love , but she be company , and great love be not he priority at the moment . int . airplane - night rodrigo sit in economy class , sleep . narrator ( v.o. ) he save every dollar , covete every vacation . rodrigo Gonzales have a internal compass , and it always point in the same direction . 102 . int . bedroom —- morning rodrigo sit by the bedside of he mother , entertaining she . Mr. saccione sit on the other side of the bed . rodrigo she 's from a place call Long Island . her name be shari dickstein ... he show a picture from he phone . isabel but what be she like , hijo ? tell I . rodrigo think for a beat , then : rodrigo she 's loud . isabel and Mr. saccione explode laughing . narrator ( v.o. ) like so many of the biggest year of we life , it fly by . but in truth , that year be just a setup - a preamble to the biggest day of rodrigo Gonzales 's life : March 31st , 2032 . chyron : MARCH 31st , 2032 . int . dorm room - morning rodrigo lie next to shari . he 's awake . she 's asleep , snore . he watch she , think . he stand , start dress . shari stir . shari where you go ? rodrigo just go for a quick run . a beat . shari bonita . 103 . rodrigo huh ? shari when we start dating you call I '' bonita . '' you would have say : '' just go for a quick run , bonita . '' ( then ) it always make I feel like Kelly ripa . a load beat , then : rodrigo shari-- shari I be pregnant . fuck . rodrigo 's world spin like a top . shari sit up , start dress . shari ( cont 'd ) I know . lot to talk about , obvi . hey - will you take I for brunch ? there 's this place I want to try , it 's vietnamese , I be assume that 's like dim sum or something but I be die to try it . rodrigo just stand there , speechless . shari ( cont 'd ) we can talk at brunch . at the vietnamese place . I really want to try it . ext . new york CITY STREET - later rodrigo and shari walk down the city street . shari talk a mile a minute . rodrigo just stare , lose . shari so I just start feel shitty a few week ago . I think I be just get a really bad period , ever since I get off the pill I have be get bananas period , you know ? ( more ) 104 . shari ( cont 'd ) but it be not stop so I go to my gyno and he be like '' be you sexually active '' and I tell he about you and then he do the test thing and blammo . I have not even think to try a at-home test , for whatever reason my brain do not go there what - so-fuck - ever . beat . rodrigo just stare . she continue , nonpluss . shari ( cont 'd ) anyway , I know we have not be together very long and clearly this be as what - the-fuck as you get . I do not really know what you deal be with religious stuff , but I think I should probably just get a abortion . she turn back to he . shari ( cont ’d ) be you like super against that ? abortion ? shari have stop out in the street , look back at rodrigo . rodrigo , still speechless , look to she right . a taxi be speed down the side street right at she . shari ( cont ’d ) I know abortion 's a big thing for Christians - you be Christian I assu - — at the last second , rodrigo grab she arm and pull she back to safety . the cabbie blare on he horn . shari barely notice . shari ( cont 'd ) anyhow , we do not have to decide all this now , but I would like to make the call early before the thing have a head and stuff . rodrigo stare . CUT to : 105 . int . vietnamese restaurant - later shari eat noodle sloppily . shari so the way I see it , we have like three option ... she slurp . rodrigo 's brain explode with each slurp . shari ( cont 'd ) option one : we have it . I mean , a mix race baby with we skin complexion would be amazeball . my family have batshit money , we could get nanny and stuff , I do not know , probably a bad idea . slurp . Brain explosion . shari ( cont 'd ) option two : abort . but again , I would like to make that call sooner than later before the thing have a head and stuff . slurp . Brain explosion . shari ( cont 'd ) or option Three : we can just agree this be all a insane april fool's joke !!!! a long beat of silence . rodrigo ( confuse ) what ? shari April fool 's , bitch ! rodrigo what be that ? shari seriously ? you do not know April fool 's ? rodrigo stare blankly at she . 106 . shari ( cont ’d ) on the first day of April you play practical joke on people and yell April fool 's ! rodrigo but it 's March 31st . shari I think you would see it come if I do it on April fool 's Day . rodrigo I do not even know what April fool 's Day be . shari well I do not know that . rodrigo process . rodrigo so there 's no baby ? shari dude , no ! oh c’mon , that be funny ! you have to admit , that be funny . rodrigo put down he napkin . breathes deeply . rodrigo shari-- shari oh fuck , you be go to break up with I be not you ? narrator ( v.o. ) he be . as we watch rodrigo do the deed ... narrator ( v.o. ) obviously nothing thus far have indicate that March 31st would be the most important day of rodrigo 's life . the entire day - as so many of life 's day be - have be a misdirect . a fake out . literally ... shari be hysterical . 107 . shari it be just a april fool's joke !!! CUT to : ext . farmhouse ( seville ) - day we take in the familiar farmhouse . narrator ( v.o. ) no , sometimes the most important day of we life begin , and we be not even there to see it . int . farmhouse ( seville ) - day a nurse care for isabel . Mr. saccione help the nurse . the room be fill with a quiet desperation . isabel Gonzales be die . mr . saccione I must call rodrigo . isabel shake she head . mr . saccione ( cont 'd ) ( plead ) isabel . isabel ( weakly ) let he be young for one more day . he will come after . mr . saccione isabel -- isabel no . not like this . isabel touch Mr. saccione 's arm . he look at she for a long , silent beat . isabel ( cont 'd ) you be a good man , Vincent . mr . saccione no , I - - 108 . isabel you be . ( then , again ) you be . he 's emotional now . they sit there like that for quite a while , just look at one another , say a silent goodbye . a silent thank you . and then : voice ( 0.s. ) hello , isabel . they look up . stand at the doorway be javier , rodrigo 's father . he have age 13 year since we last see he . he look to Mr. saccione , nod . narrator ( v.o. ) all of life 's surprise be not bad one . flashback to : int . farmhouse - 25 year earlier Mr. saccione write a letter at he desk . note : this be how we first meet he , all that year ago . narrator Mr. saccione be a letter writer . he always have be . he believe in the power of the write word , the force of actually sit down and write to someone by hand . ( then ) the bulk of Mr. saccione 's letter be to one man : we see the letter head : dear papa . narrator ( cont ’d ) almost every day - he own private therapy - he would write to he decease father . he would release he anger about he abusive upbringing . ( more ) 109 . narrator ( cont ’d ) about what it have do to he , and to he mother . and then ... Mr. saccione finish the letter . Signs it . and throw it in the fire . CUT to : int . isabel & javier be home - 13 year earlier we have see this scene before : Mr. saccione give little rodrigo ( 9 ) a bird : narrator but as rodrigo start heal , so do Mr. saccione . int . farmhouse - continuous the desk ( and pen ) sit , unused . narrator the letter write slowed . then stop . until ... flashback to : int . farmhouse - 12 year earlier we have see this before , too . javier and Mr. saccione confront one another that fateful night ( right before javier make he choice to leave ) mr . saccione ( to javier ) I give you my word : I will stay away from they . you son be heal , he do not need I anymore . they be you family , javier . not mine . he walk back to he desk and sit . but then : javier no . Mr. saccione look up , as confuse as we be . the rest of this scene we have not see yet ... 110 . javier ( cont 'd ) they be better off with you . I can not help my son the way you can . and I have already lose my wife , even though she will deny it . I will not return . I will not confuse thing . ( then ) I ask only one favor . CUT to : int . farmhouse - over then next ten year Mr. saccione write letter . ton of letter . he write about rodrigo , about isabel , about he olive . narrator and with that , Mr. saccione 's letter find a new recipient . ext . field - day javier , take a break from work , read under a tree . narrator a man whose only request be that he be keep up to date on that he have abandon , but still cherish . on the letter the bottom of it read : '' she be die , javier . come home . '' back to : int . isabel 's room - present day isabel look at javier , stunne to see he . her eye well with tear . javier 's do , too . he step to the other side of she bed ( opposite Mr. saccione ) . he sit . his voice break as he say ... javier hello , bonita . 111. isabel be cry now . she reach out slowly . take javier 's hand . she reach out she other hand . take Mr. saccione 's . as she say goodbye to the two man who love she we ... CUT to : int . dorm room - later rodrigo , fresh from he '' break up , '' walk back into he room . as he do , he cell phone ring . the caller read : '' tio '' ( uncle ) . rodrigo answer . we can tell , immediately , that he be get the bad news . his mother have die . cue song : '' to make you feel my Love '' by bob dylan . the song take over as we watch rodrigo receive the news . over the next few hour we watch he process . he cry . he pace . he sit . he think . he grieve . all to '' to make you feel my Love . '' narrator when critic review Abby Dempsey 's favorite album - Bob Dylan 's 1997 release , time out of mind - the song '' to make you feel my Love '' be the source of much criticism . every track on the album brimm with unrelent melancholy and sadness . but there , smack in the middle of it all , sit a unabashedly populist hit song . a love song . a song that in year to come would be cover by garth brook , of all people . Critic argue that put a on-the-nose love song in the middle of a album about despair and tragedy , be Dylan 's only misstep . ( then ) other argue that it be he point . 112 . rodrigo stand . he put on run shoe . he need to move . ext . new york STREET - continuous rodrigo run through the night , fly past pedestrian on the New York City sidewalk . he run and run and run . he 's try to outrun he loss , he grief . narrator rodrigo Gonzales have not return to the corner of 32nd and 3rd until that night . he have start a new chapter in New York , and have not feel a need to re-open he saddest one . ( then ) but that night he want to be sad . rodrigo stop in he track . he be look at something . or someone . rodrigo be you okay ? voice ( 0.s. ) do it matter ? reveal : Dylan Dempsey , 18 year old . Dylan be stand exactly where we leave she - at the street corner where she mother die . she turn toward rodrigo . just like she long lose maternal grandmother before she , Dylan have take a bite of she peanut butter and jelly sandwich at the exact moment she 's meet a boy . she hold up she hand , silently ask for a moment , try to get down she sandwich as she quickly wipe off she mascara streak face . rodrigo cock he head , take she in . 113. narrator my father , rodrigo Gonzales , officially meet my mother , Dylan Dempsey that day - the most important day of he life . CUT to : int . ballroom - present day a attractive woman ( 30 ) stand on stage . this be we narrator . woman they would not spend a single night apart for the next 42 year . this be high - end book reading . and from signage , we see that the woman be read from she own novel : life , itself ( a unreliable memoir ) by Elena Gonzales - Dempsey . elena ( try again ) they would go on to have four child , seven grandchild . a love story for the age . she look out ... in the crowd at Dylan and rodrigo . we recognize they instantly , even though they be now deep in they 60 . back to elena she continue read . elena ( cont 'd ) my grandmother , Abby Dempsey , argue in she fail college thesis that life itself be we most unreliable narrator . she argue that one never know where they story be go , nor who the heroes of it be go to be . ( beat , then ) ( more ) she look 114 . elena ( cont 'd ) and while it 's true that life have often make it difficult to pinpoint the heroes of my family 's story , my parent have always make it incredibly easy for I . back out at they . elena ( cont 'd ) my parent find the populist love song in the middle of we family 's often very melancholy album . out in the crowd : rodrigo smile , take Dylan 's hand . Elena smile back at they , continue read : elena ( cont 'd ) I wonder sometimes what my grandmother Abby would have make of that , philosophically . that she own child - the girl she name after she favorite gravel voice musician - find a love story with no twist , no plot turn , and no surprise . just consistency . oh , what I have have give to have meet she . to have tell she that . to have tell she that we be all okay . ( then ) and what I have have give to have meet my grandmother isabel as well . unlike Abby , she be neither a writer nor a philosopher . but sometimes I wonder if she do not understand exactly what Bob Dylan be go for . flashback to : int . farmhouse bedroom - decade ago we be back with isabel , sick in bed , say goodbye to twenty - one - year - old rodrigo before send he off to nyu . this be the scene we do not translate before . rodrigo mama - — 115 . isabel ( lovingly ) it be enough , hijo . ( then ) listen to I , come here . she pull he toward she . she start talk , very softly . elena ( v.o. ) Spanish do not often translate perfectly , but what isabel say that day to she son - my father - it require no translation . note : this be the same speech we see earlier in Spanish without translation , but now it be actually deliver by isabel in English . isabel you have have many up and downs in you life , hijo . too many . and you will have more . this be life . this be what it do . life bring you to you knee . it bring you lower than you think you can go . but if you stand back up and move forward - if you go just a little further - you will always find love . ( then ) I find love in you , hijo . and my life - my story - it will continue after I be go . you , hijo , be my story . you be you father 's story . you be you uncle 's . rodrigo be cry now . isabel ( cont 'd ) my body fail I , hijo . but you be I . so you go now . give I a beautiful life . and when life take we to we knee , you stand we back up . you get up , and go further , and find we the love . back to : int . ballroom - continuous as Elena continue : 116. elena I be not sure whose story I have be tell . I be not sure it be mine , or if it some character 's who we have not meet yet . I be not sure of anything . all I know , be that at any moment , life will surprise I . it will bring I to my knee . and when it do . when I think I can not recover , I will remind myself ... she look out , find she parent . elena ( cont 'd ) I will remind myself that I be my father . that I be my father 's father . and I be my mother , and my mother 's mother . I be they story , and they be mine . and while it may be easy to wallow in the tragedy that shape we life ... while it 's natural to focus on that unspeakable moment that bring we to we knee ... we must remind ourselves that if we get up , if we just take the story a little bit further ... she be cry now . she look directly at she parent . elena ( cont 'd ) if we go far enough , there be love . her parent be cry now , too . elena ( cont 'd ) ( again ) if we go far enough , there 's love . Elena close she book . rodrigo and Dylan beam at they youngest daughter , the latest hero in we ever-evolve story . and with that , we story do what we story never really do ... it end . fade to black .