life as a House - by Mark andrus life as a house written by MARK andrus fade in : a clock alarm sound over title on black . we hear someone clear congest lung , cough up phlegm ; a slight crash stop both the cough and the alarm . ext . george' beach shack - morning the cottage be a tiny , peel paint rat-trap set dead center on a small ocean front cul - de-sac , surround by four massive post-modern mansion . int . george' beach shack bedroom - morning GEORGE nelson , 42 , squint and shiver as the spotty morning light and ocean breeze enter through a open window . bold wave crash against the cliff outside the room . a five - foot wide stack of hand hew beam be pile pyramid style , make movement in the room next to impossible . George stand shirtless in underwear and cough again . he step over a pile of tool and stand at the window , face the sea . a happy sounding tune by guster , " what you wish for , " begin with the lyric : ' woke up today , to everything gray and all that I see just keep go on and on ... ' ext . webber' house - morning the post - modern house be three - level of concrete and glass . int . SAM webber' bedroom - morning SAM be sixteen with spiky black hair , a nose ring , two earring and paint black nail . the song continue with : ' ... sweep all the piece under the bed , close all the curtain and cover my head . ' Sam look waste as he climb out of bed and rummages through he dresser , retrieve a empty bottle of prescription drug ; he toss the bottle . he walk to a desk where a half - build model of a house sit unfinish and squeeze glue into a plastic bag and sniff it . Sam enter the closet and dig into a pile of dirty clothes , pull out the tie to a robe ; he knot it around the closet pole and then twist it once to form a noose . he slip he neck through the noose and lower he body ; though we do not see exactly what he 's do below he neck , it 's evident through he jerk arm that he 's masturbate . ext . beck's ocean front mansion - morning colleen beck , George 's next - door neighbor , be a well maintain blonde in she late thirty . she walk out of the angular concrete mansion , grab the paper and walk back in . int . beck's kitchen - morning this be a minimalist kitchen , with pore concrete wall and stainless steel cabinet . colleen drop the paper on the table and walk to the sink to wash she hand . the song continue : '... if this serenade be not what you want , it 's just how it be ...' colleen appear distract for a moment . she walk outside onto the terrace with wet hand , then bolt back in , breeze through the kitchen with purpose . int . alyssa beck's bathroom - morning alyssa be sixteen and perfect with strawberry blonde hair and white tooth ; she head be partially out the bathroom window . colleen burst in , ease alyssa aside and with effort , stick she head out of the same high open window . colleen this be ridiculous ! we must not see exactly what they see , but out the window and almost beyond view , a stream of urine ark out from George Nelson 's beach house bedroom , into the pacific ocean some twenty - foot below . the piss stop . colleen bang she head try to get it back inside the house . int . webber' upstair hallway - morning robin webber be George 's ex-wife , still beautiful at forty . she herd two boy , ryan ( 8 ) and adam ( 7 ) , down the hall . robin run downstairs and give you dad a hug . ryan why ? robin he will be go for he birthday . adam can we have a party for he while he 's go ? Robin stop and knock on a bedroom door . robin I hope you be shower and ready for school ! a loud crash stop Ryan and Adam at the top of the stair . int . sam' room - morning Robin rush in and glance around the room for she son . robin Sam ?! int . sam' webber' closet - morning the closet pole and a long line of clothes have be fell by Sam 's dangerous whack - off technique ; he 's on the floor with the robe tie still around he neck and a pile of shirt sprawle over he . the song continue : '... come out come out , wherever you be , would you do it all over right from the start , and what you wish for will not come true , you be not surprised to love , be you ? ' Robin stop at the door , try to figure out why she son be sit in a pile of he own clothes . Ryan and Adam join she , look equally perplex . ext . GEORGE nelson be cul -de - sac - morning George 's dog , guster , be do he business on the lawn of a modern day robber baron , david dokos , who exit he house with a briefcase . he hop into he mercede and proceed to chase guster straight across he well - manicure grass . guster easily escape death and run off . George walk out of he shack as David hop the curb , flip he off and drive away . George wave goodbye . GEORGE stick it up you ass ! have a nice day . ( glance around ) guster ! guster run to he side as colleen rush out of she house . colleen this have get to stop ! GEORGE he escape . he 's go back in . colleen do it give you some sort of perverse pleasure to expose you ... penis in plain view of my sixteen year - old daughter ? GEORGE there be no window face my ... exposure . colleen George , this be the third time . GEORGE the plumber 's due out on Friday . colleen you will have to explain that to the police . GEORGE you be the only neighbor I could tolerate . colleen I do warn you . GEORGE my life be a warning . I just can not figure out for what . colleen shy away from George 's stare ; he finally turn and walk toward the house but stop short as he turn back . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) colleen , how hard be it for you to get you head outside that window far enough to see my dick ? this stop colleen for a moment ; it be difficult . George walk back to the cottage and lock guster in before step into a old Ford truck and drive off . colleen watch he drive off , then turn to she house and stare . int . webber' dine room - morning peter webber , Robin 's husband , be a distinguished , intimidating man with silver hair and a expensive suit . lois , the may , serve french toast to Ryan and Adam as Robin sip tea . adam Sam break he closet . Peter glance at Robin , who shrug . robin I do not have a clue anymore . I wish you would talk to he . he need a man . peter his father be a man . robin a man he respects . Sam walk into the room from the hall , outfit in all black with kick ass boot . SAM thanks for talk about I behind my back ... useful in court . peter be you wear eye shadow ? Adam , Ryan and Robin check out the eye shadow . SAM no . peter take it off . Sam flutter he eyelid in defiance of he stepfather . peter ( cont 'd ) do it now ! SAM if I walk out the door , who 's gonna be here tonight for the follow through ? Peter hesitates for just a second . SAM ( cont 'd ) have a nice flight . Sam 's out the door with he eye shadow intact . ryan queer . robin what do you say ? ryan dad say it first . Robin focus on Peter , who simply shrug . Adam stand up , walk over to he father and give he a hug . adam I get chocolate cake for you birthday . peter be you hand clean ? Adam be quick to back away from he father and lick the finger of one hand . int . commuter train - morning George be rest he head against the glass window as he stare out at the blight landscape lead to downtown Los Angeles . a sudden pang tighten he face ; he press he hand against he stomach and close he eye . ext . laguna beach high school - morning Sam be alone at the back of the parking lot , sit on the hood of a old saab , smoking as two boy , josh and marek , both seventeen , park a porsche and pull alyssa beck ( George 's peeping neighbor ) and another girl out of the backseat . marek dude , nice look . Sam simply nod as Marek and the other girl laugh at he all black garb , earring and eye shadow . alyssa I see you dad this morning . Sam drop he cigarette and stomp it out as he stand ; he face lighten as alyssa wave before walk away . josh be think ? SAM no . marek forget he ! josh two hour a week for three - hundred cash . the whole summer . do the math . ( as a dig ) they consider that a hatchback or a station wagon ? oh , that be not yours anyway , be it ? josh raise he eyebrow and smile before walk away . Sam face the saab and kick the bumper as hard as he can . suddenly , a boy ( corey ) bolt up from the back seat . corey I be in total rem , man ! int . downtown los angele highrise - late morning the architectural firm of benson and feinsilber occupy the entire fortieth floor ; George Nelson be they sole model maker . Rather than office , most of the space be open , segment only by portable low wall . along the outer wall , below the long line of window , be a shelf fill with amazingly intricate model . George be alone in a cubicle of he own , cut polystyrene with a hot wire . steven gardner round a corner with a velocity that make George flinch . steven done ... close to do ? GEORGE I be do the grass . steven fuck the grass . who say grass ? Steven exit as quickly as he enter , but as soon as George go back to work , Steven pop he head back in . steven ( cont 'd ) burke bide out the Berlin Plaza . do he tell you ? GEORGE I be go to start Monday . steven he like the look of the computer model , anyway . you take too long . ( beat ) after you mow the grass , would you mind bring the house to my office ? I have a presentation to make . George simply stare as Steven nod and leave . ext . high school cafeteria atrium - lunchtime Sam be by himself , he eye close , listen to music through headphone as alyssa stop to stare ; she visually scan he head to foot , appear slightly perplex as a friend pass . friend I would not make a habit of it . alyssa okay . the friend walk on ; after a beat , alyssa do too . ext . top of the world park - evening in the distance , the sun color the sky a blind orange as it set . a Range Rover with blacken window be park behind a porsche . ' tinted window , ' a up - tempo tune with a hand clap by the pansy division , begin : ' a bed would be a treat / but all we have get be this backseat / tinted window be a beautiful thing . ' through the front windshield , we can see Marek sit in the passenger 's seat with he eye close . another view josh , Marek 's friend , be sit on a bench in the park behind the car . ' a dark secluded spot / in a desert parking lot / tinted window be a wonderful thing . ' suddenly , the passenger door on the Rover open and Marek climb out , brush he hair with he hand before casually check he zipper . he close the door and the car speed away . josh walk to Marek and wordlessly they climb into the porsche and drive off . ext . GEORGE nelson's beach shack - day George be shirtless in he front yard , hand hewing a twenty foot beam . one strong , long pull and a thin shave flutter to the ground ; guster nab it and start to chew . GEORGE you will crap real log if you keep eat wood . guster appear unconcern as he await a new shave . alyssa ( o.s. ) hi , Mr. Nelson . George glance up , wipe the sweat from he forehead as alyssa walk toward he in white short and a tee shirt . alyssa ( cont 'd ) sorry I get you into trouble . GEORGE I will survive . George go back to work and guster taste test shaving as alyssa search for something else to say . alyssa do Sam have any friend ? George stop and look up ; he have no idea how to answer . GEORGE he must . alyssa he seem lonely . GEORGE be you he friend ? alyssa no . GEORGE why ? alyssa Marilyn Manson ... and I guess he 's into guy . I hate nose ring . and the blue eye shadow thing really be not work . George be totally confuse , unsure most of the answer , but before he can question she , a police car pull to a stop ; officer kurt WALKER step out . kurt think I would run over the list . Officer Walker remove a pad from he pocket and flip through to find he place . alyssa this be such a street of whiner . kurt from Tuesday to yesterday , not include Monday or today . okay ... Mrs. dokos be repeatedly run over she lawn . the corliss ' have attribute the increase in rat population in they environ to the state of you ... structure . alyssa ipo 's cause the rat population on this street . Officer Walker focus on alyssa . kurt and of course the beck 's , with the ... alyssa it could have be a squirt gun . kurt ( to George ) you have be good this week . GEORGE you forget David dokos and Tom and Barbara . kurt stuff he pad back into he pocket . kurt Mr. dokos call animal control for guster and I be out here on the other . ( point to the plane ) do you mind ? George hand he the plane and kurt begin to work the wood . alyssa be you guy ' friend ? kurt we have know each other since grade school . alyssa I mean , but do you both go camp on weekend ? listen to music ? masturbate together ? talk on the phone ? George do not answer and kurt keep work . kurt hunted rabbit in the hill . alyssa stare at George , disappointed . GEORGE I aim high . kurt we just be not very much alike , I guess . I do not know . ( casually ; to George ) I like you dad more than I like you . alyssa I would not want you as a friend . kurt George just never really ... aim that high . even with not hit a rabbit . I know you be do that , by the way . that 's why I stop do it with you . you be no fun . it be always like you be frighten . quiet and boring . kurt be beginning to perspire as he shave food off the beam for guster . alyssa funny how he 's the architect and you be just a loud mouth cop . kurt he build model for architect . his dad , on the other hand , be the real deal . design and build the coolest house I have ever see . GEORGE be bankrupt and dead before I be twenty . kurt Left you this place . GEORGE it be in my name so he would not lose it . he steal it from everyone that deserve it by put I on title . kurt do you know what I would give to have this ! forget how I get it ! I can not afford dirt in this town . I live in Riverside , goddammitt and you get to piss in the ocean . kurt stop work and step back . kurt ( cont 'd ) you kid be down around diver 's cover again , smoking pot . I do not write he up ... tell he I would not tell you ... GEORGE thanks for tell I . kurt at least you father try , George . kurt walk to he car and drive off . there 's a moment of awkwardness with alyssa . George walk into he house leave alyssa with guster . int . webber' kitchen - afternoon Robin be sit at the kitchen counter , cut carrot ; through the french door , she 's able to watch Ryan and Adam , along with a few friend , play in the pool . GEORGE ( o.s. ) I could be anyone . Robin jerk with fright as half the carrot roll to the floor . robin then why do you stay you ? George pick up the carrot and wash they in the sink . GEORGE you should lock you door . robin Ring the bell before you try the door . George bite into a carrot as Robin start chopping again . robin ( cont 'd ) do Sam call to tell you he would not be over this weekend ? GEORGE you let he pierce he nose ? Robin snatch the carrot from George 's hand and chop it up . robin lock the door behind you . GEORGE where be he ? robin where he always be . George take Robin 's hand and remove the knife . GEORGE not that I do not trust you . as George let go , Robin hold on ; he appear surprised by she grip of he wrist . Robin 's eye well with tear . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I should have knock . George be clearly not comfortable with he ex- wife 's hold of he , with she tear . robin what kind of a mother can not stand she son ? George jerk he arm away from she grip . GEORGE I do not know . int . webber' upstair hall - afternoon George be tense and he walk to Sam 's door and knock . GEORGE why be not you come in for the weekend ? ( beat ) Sam ?! nothing . George try the door - it 's lock . frustrate , he walk back down the hall and down the stair . int . webber' kitchen - afternoon outside , the boy be engage in a raucous version of Marco polo . Robin be at the sink ; she hold she hair back with one hand and splashes water on she face with the other . George walk by outside , carry a ladder . ext . webber' backyard - afternoon Ryan be the first to notice George . adam Marco ! ryan what be you do ? adam I be not cheating ! I be not look ! Robin wipe she face with a hand towel as she rush out . robin what be you do ? GEORGE he do not answer . the boy have stop play ; Adam open he eye . robin he never answer . GEORGE why do he have a lock on he door ? robin because he put the lock on ! do you think I tell he he could have a nose ring ?! why do you ask I everything you should ask he !? I do not know anything , anymore ! the boy line up against the edge of the pool and watch George extend the ladder against the house and climb . robin ( cont 'd ) you climb up there and tell he what he can and can not do . take he for the summer , okay ? whip he into shape . cut he hair . make he smile . let he hate you for a while ! ( sadly ) you be too late for heroic , George . George lop a leg over the railing and step onto the bedroom balcony . he peer into the room through the slide glass door and try to open it ( lock ) before remove the screen to the small open window beside it . he climb in . int . sam' room - afternoon Sam be asleep on he bed in he underwear , wear headphone . on the floor be a aerosol can of whipping cream . George pick up the can and toss it in the trash . he focus back on he son with he nose ring , earring , blue eyeshadow and thin , pale white body . Sam be soundly asleep . George gently remove the headphone from he son 's head ; drum heavy music surge from the small , padded speaker . GEORGE you need every brain cell you have get . a knock on the door stir Sam more than he father 's voice . SAM ( half - asleep ) leave I alone ! Sam 's eye be still close as he shift onto he side . George open the door ; Robin be weak and weepy . robin I do not know what to do , anymore . take he . you take he . ( hostile ) you be such a good father . George walk out of the room , around Robin and down the stair without a word . Sam stir at the sound and sit up to confront he mother . SAM what be you do in my room ? robin I do not go in you room . SAM I lock the door ! get out ! I lock the door ! get out ! ext . webber' upstair hallway - afternoon Robin grab the door and close it quickly , but do not move . SAM ( o.s. ) stupid bitch ! liar ! I lock the door ! I do not sneak around you room ! liar ! int . sam' room - afternoon Sam rush over to the window and stare down at the screen and ladder . Ryan , Adam and they friend be still in the pool , hold onto the cope , stare up at Sam . Sam slam the window shut and search for the can of whipping cream . he get down on he knee to search under the bed . stand and make one more pass of the room , he notice the can in the trash . he instantly focus all he rage at the close door . SAM this be my room ! you have no right in here ! this be mine ! int . webber' upstair hallway - afternoon Robin be sit on the floor at the top of the stair , stare blankly down at the foyer of this modernist mansion . SAM ( o.s. ) why can not you all just die and leave I alone ! ext . downtown los angele - morning the traffic be thick and loud and the sky be a blanket of brown as George make he way down a sidewalk mix with professional and panhandler . suddenly sick , George rush to the side of a building and vomit . int . benson , kiddler , feinsilber and assoicate - morning George wipe a clump of wet paper towel against the vomit stain on he cuff as he walk through the pocket of cubicle to a large enclose office . a secretary smile as she stand up from she desk and open the door . secretary good morning . GEORGE be there a ... he hold out the wad of wet paper towel , but before he can say trashcan , bryan burke stand up from behind he desk . bryan George , have a seat ! I have get juice . int . bryan burke's office - morning George step in and the secretary close the door to the office . bryan approach with he arm outstretch , but George can only raise the paper towel . GEORGE a bird catch I . bryan grab a trashcan and hold it up ; George toss the ball into the trash and sit down . bryan Orange juice ... croissant ? bryan motion with he hand as he sit . GEORGE I be good , thanks . bryan what be you on ? GEORGE pardon I ? bryan how much weight have you lose ? GEORGE oh ...nothing . thirty pound . I just have not be very hungry . bryan how 's you wife ? GEORGE when we divorce a decade ago , she be very , very angry . ( beat ) now she 's just hostile . bryan nod and laugh as he take a chunk of croissant and chew as he talk . bryan right ... she marry ... what be he ? GEORGE he busy and sell the world . bryan Peter Webber ! right . quite the spotlight on that guy . GEORGE I do tell you , do not I ? that I would be ready to start the Berlin model today ? bryan well , that 's sort of ... you be sure you be not hungry ? bryan be anxious as he hold up the rest of the croissant . George shake he head " no " . bryan toss he croissant into the trash can and lean forward . bryan ( cont 'd ) this be not I . ( beat ) we can show client endless option , change anything in a matter of hour on the computer . but you will not change . GEORGE type and click myself to renderings be not why I start building model . bryan all of we be type and click , George . whether we want to , or not . GEORGE I be not . bryan which be why we bid out a quarter of we project . it do not make a lot of sense anymore to want what we do not have and do not want what we do . George glance around the office , angere by the think he 's be fire . GEORGE I have be here twenty year . bryan maybe that 's too long . GEORGE ( hopeful ) maybe ...? bryan that 's too long . George nod as he stare at bryan . bryan ( cont 'd ) listen , they decide on a week a year severance , but I get they to twenty - six . that 's six month salary , George . Medical and everything for six month . you can learn all you need to on the computer long before that . maybe find a job closer to home . bryan be rattle by George 's blank stare . he take he glass of orange juice and sit back in he chair , take a sip , all the while keep a eye on George . GEORGE my wife leave I because I be not ... very emotional . I keep try to explain that my father suck all the emotion from I . drunk do that , sometimes . make they kid afraid . make they unwilling to express themselves . bryan know he 's suppose to say something , he just can not seem to figure out what . bryan oh. GEORGE how old be you ? bryan forty . GEORGE we be probably in school together . you go to berkley ? bryan light up at the sound of he alma matter . bryan class of eighty - six ! I do not know you be there . GEORGE I be a sophomore when I get the call my parent be dead . this be not the direction bryan have hope the conversation be head . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) my dad have a blood alcohol level of .18 . a little high . drive right into oncoming traffic . kill my mother with he . a lady in another car . hurt she daughter . a five - year old girl . I think about she still . bryan want this to end . he lean forward with a whisper . bryan listen ... maybe I can get you a year . GEORGE I hate this job . bryan what be you talk about ? you love you job . GEORGE from the day I start ... to today . can not stand it . bryan be perplex as George stand . bryan then it sound like I be do you a favor . GEORGE it may sound that way , but I react out of fear . my life have nothing to do with what I like or do not like . you have not be listen , have you ? bryan I do not know there would be a quiz , George . GEORGE for everything . bryan well , I feel better about this now . GEORGE good . I be hope for that . relieved and not understanding anything about irony , bryan stand and extend he hand . George shake bryan 's hand without malice . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I have get one favor to ask . bryan what can I do for you , George ? GEORGE I build my first model here when I be twenty . there be hundred of they on shelf around the office . twenty year of my life . I be wonder if I might be able to pick a few to keep , to take home ? only the one that really mean something to I . bryan recoil slightly from the request . bryan oh , well ... that be ... I mean , we do not get to keep we work . I could maybe ask they if you could choose one . but , you know , frankly George , you be the best . Computer model can not begin to match the beauty you give yours . they be a part of this firm . they inspire I . I go out there and sometimes just stare at something I have design . it amaze I . I would miss that too much . ( beat ) look , I may be go out on a limb , but you go out there and look they over , every single one of they and pick the one you like the best and take it with you . just run it by I first , just in case , you know ... but I be sure it will be okay . GEORGE thank you . bryan well , it 's the least I can do . GEORGE yes , it be . George nod and leave . bryan look lose and guilty again . int . benson , kiddler , feinsilber and assoicate - morning George walk around the maze of cubicle back to he own . he find a empty box and start to pack . against a wall , a large rack be fill with spool of architectural plan . George pull one of the plan down , roll it out and detach the wooden spool . without warning and with a fury hard to fathom , he proceed to bat and smash a shelf of beautifully render model . head pop up in other cubicle as George walk out of he own and armed with a frightening rage , methodically attack model after model rest on shelf just below massive plate glass window that frame downtown Los Angeles . Steven gardner , who ask for he model without grass , rush to within foot of George as he witness he creation deconstruct into shard of cardboard and plastic . steven mother of God ! not my house ! George stop for a second to focus on Steven , but Steven be smart enough to run . George continue on with the business of disassembling he work . voice oh , please , please , no ! the plea be instantly follow by a pathetic low whine . George work up a sweat as he whacks model after model ; portion of plastic wall or window splatter the office as though bomb in war . bryan burke 's secretary inch as close as she dare . secretary uh ... Mr. burke would like a word with you , George . George lower he stick as he face she . GEORGE oh...okay . secretary in he office . when you be able . GEORGE thank you . with that , George finish what he begin only minute prior : the complete and utter destruction of every model display on every shelf in the office , save one . worker huddle together , collectively moan and move en mass from the mayhem . George pick up the sole survive model in he arm and cradle it carefully as he walk into bryan burke 's office . int . bryan burke's office - morning bryan cower behind he desk as George enter with he model in one hand and the long wooden stick in the other . GEORGE I will take this one , if that 's okay ? it take bryan a few abort attempt to answer before he simply nod . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) thank you for go out on a limb and allow I one . bryan nod again , then quiver as George step forward , lean the stick against the desk and extend he hand . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you be a great architect and a miserable human be . bryan wince as he extend he hand . they shake hand and George grab hold of the stick again . bryan thank you . George walk around the desk and bashes in a model hide on the floor , one that bryan have obviously want to save . bryan ( cont 'd ) oh , fuck ! George drop the wooden spool and walk out of the office as bryan garner the courage to stand . bryan ( cont 'd ) you be not even a architect and you be a miserable human be . George turn around only long enough to answer . GEORGE you be right . you win . George close the door behind he . bryan stare down at the remain of the model ; he get down on he knee and carefully gather up the piece . ext . downtown los angele - morning George be sweat as he walk with he box of personal item under one arm and the model under the other . dizzy , he stop for a moment and tire to orient himself , glance one way , then the other before staggering back and press himself against the building for support . sweat bead and drop from he nose and chin as the song , ' across the universe ' begin by the Beatles . George set the box down but cling tightly to the model as he close he eye . ' pool of sorrow , wave of joy be drift through my open mind , possess they , caress I ... ' George drop face first to the cement , crush the model beneath he . montage as the song continue George be probe and poke by doctor after doctor . a ultrasound test follow by a ct scan , follow by a mri result in more test . a flexible tube be sly down George 's throat as dye be shot into he body . ' sound of laughter , shade of life be ringing through my open view , incite they , invite I ... ' a long blunt needle be shove into George 's side for a biopsy of he pancreas . x-ray be light and highlight as doctor ponder the speck , the disease . finally , George be open up ; nearly bloodless slice through skin , muscle and fat reveal death . ' limitless undy love , which shine around I like a million sun , which call I on and on across the universe ... ' George be wheeled down a long hall to the critical care unit . ' nothing 's go to change my world , nothing 's gonna change my world ... ' int . hospital room - evening George try to sit up , but fall back as he close he eye , open he eye , close he eye . female voice ( o.s. ) that take care of the pain ? George open he eye again as a attractive nurse enter with a tray of food . GEORGE I could kiss you . the nurse smile as she lift the cover off the dinner . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) no food . I be painless . she raise George 's bed . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) what would you do if you have three or four month to live ? the nurse glance over at the other patient in the room , who 's sleep , before answer in a soft voice . nurse I would eat a lot of red meat . GEORGE good for you . the nurse smile as she sit down beside the bed . she fill a spoon with corn and aim it for George 's mouth ; he accept the good will , chew and swallow . nurse what would you do ? GEORGE I would build a house . George take another spoonful of food . nurse what kind of house ? GEORGE you know what mortise and tenon be ? the nurse shake she head " no " . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I have get every part of it ready . it 's like a jig see puzzle ... all in piece now , just wait to make sense . I have be through design and review ... the plan commission , city council . she feed George another small spoonful of food . nurse no one 's really say four month be all you have , have they ? GEORGE stage four pancreatic cancer . they have not even pretend to offer treatment . you tell I , when would you start eat red meat ? nurse can you build a house in four month ? GEORGE I can die try . the nurse rest she hand for a moment on George 's cheek . nurse good for you . GEORGE I have not be touch in year . suddenly alarmed by she emotion , the nurse remove she hand and stand back away from George . nurse I be sorry , I do not know what that be . GEORGE a handshake , or you know , someone pat you on you back through clothes . doctor , people who have to touch you . but not by people who want to . nurse no. a friend ... you mother ? everybody get touch by someone they love . GEORGE be not that weird ? I mean , I date a little bit after my divorce , for four or five year . six year . I know when my son be young ... maybe when he be ten or eleven even , he would run up and wrap he arm around I . George suddenly stop to catch he emotion . the nurse check the door before walk back to George ; she brushes back he hair with both hand , then finger the curve of he ear , finally rest she thumb on he lip . nurse oh God , I be marry . feeling guilty , she flee the room , waking the other patient . patient I be hungry . GEORGE I be touch . ext . san juan capistrano train station - afternoon George be rest , eye close , sit on a bench with he box and the remnant of the model beside he . a black Range Rover pull to a stop with a honk . George stand to gather he thing as Robin step out of the car , yell . robin I call everyone , everywhere ! you just vanish ! you could be dead ! GEORGE thanks for waking I up . pick I up . you be loud today . robin you be inconsiderate and absolutely devoid of emotion ! GEORGE you be the most beautiful woman I have ever know in my life . Robin be stump for a second , confuse by the word . robin what ? GEORGE I be not talk just physically . even you anger be perfect . Robin climb back in the car and slam she door shut . int . robin be range rover - afternoon George set he box in back and climb into the front seat as Robin take off . he close he door as she run a stoplight . GEORGE I do not think you would know I go miss . robin you do not think someone from you office would call and tell I you wreck the entire building and threaten people with a baseball bat ?! GEORGE a blueprint spool . robin where have you be for a week ?! GEORGE four day . I leave to think . robin what do you do with you dog ? GEORGE kurt 's be feed he . robin but you can not call I while you think ? GEORGE I be not think . look , I be sorry I do not think to call you while I think ... I think . George raise he eyebrow , want just the slight give from Robin . she glance at he , but will not yield . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I need to talk to you . robin why would they tow you truck ? GEORGE I be park in day parking . robin why call I ? GEORGE I be go to tear down the shack and build my house . robin you have be say that for twenty year . while we be dating , you say it . GEORGE there 's nothing anymore to stop I . robin money ? GEORGE severance pay . and I be go to cash in my life insurance policy . robin how many year do I live with you beam and board ? first in the garage , then in the live room . we be go to do it , Robin . next year . next year . salvage floorboard from a house in pasadena . Doors from a church in New Hampshire ... GEORGE I love that door . robin where will you live ? GEORGE the garage . robin look , I be not serious about you take Sam , so you do not have to get into any actual construction to get out of it . GEORGE when 's school over ? robin Friday ... God , I hate the think of he home all day . GEORGE I will be by Saturday to pick he up . robin he do not want to spend the weekend with you anymore . GEORGE not for the weekend . for the summer . Robin scoff . robin you and Sam be go to live in a garage without plumbing for the summer ? GEORGE the garage be plumbe . I will put in a toilet . we will survive . robin thank you for at least sounding sincere . GEORGE sound ? I need help . he 's cheap labor . robin one of you would end up dead . GEORGE at least we will have a house to show for it . robin forget it , really . I will survive . GEORGE I want he with I . robin no , you do not . trust I . George rest a hand on the back of she neck . GEORGE I want Sam for the summer . Robin furrow she brow for a moment and glance at George . it take a while for she to answer . robin okay . George rest he hand on Robin 's cheek for a moment , as the nurse have do with he . Robin turn she head and bite he finger . GEORGE hey , hey ! robin I be marry . George nod as he mock nurse he finger . int . high school hall - afternoon Sam be walk with Corey , who 's wiry and want with a red nose . corey the whole summer , man . Party in tahoe . SAM I do not know . corey it will just be my brother the dweeb on weekend . all we gotta do be sand and paint the cabin , dude . ( boast ) my dad 's gonna let I use the boat and my charm be gonna let I use my rod . income village be the place to hook up with hump . SAM I will ask . corey hey , it beat let town folk go down on you for the summer . Sam stop which stop Corey . Sam glance around to make sure no one 's listen . SAM I never say anything . I have not do anything . corey I know what the deal be . josh be a pimp . I be not stupid . SAM you do not know what the deal be . there be no fuck deal . Sam walk away piss that Corey know what the deal be . ext . george' shack - morning George be shirtless , the stitches still fresh on he side ; he carry / drag he mattress into the garage . alyssa walk from she house to the garage and peek in . int . george' garage - morning George be make he bed , which be not easy because guster be curl up on it . the one car garage be not dry - wall and the cement floor be clean but stain . alyssa hi , Mr. Nelson . George step away from the bed , slightly rattle by alyssa . GEORGE alyssa . alyssa why have you put a toilet and a bed in you garage ? GEORGE I be live here while I build another house . alyssa be that legal ? alyssa sit down on the bed beside guster and start to bounce up and down . George take another step back . GEORGE do not you have school ? alyssa nope . alyssa lie down on the bed , lift the sheet to she nose . alyssa ( cont 'd ) be this clean ? George be alarmed . guster lick alyssa 's ear . GEORGE what 's today ? alyssa Monday . George bang he head with he hand and start to search the room . GEORGE my key . alyssa what 's that ? alyssa reach out and slide a finger down he scar . GEORGE nothing . I cut myself . George pat down he pocket . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I have they in my pocket . alyssa I be not shave my leg or pit this summer , I have decide . George open the drawer of a small desk and a chest , not pay attention to alyssa as she raise she leg and run she hand down the stubby skin . alyssa ( cont 'd ) Paula Cole be not a vertical kisser . George dab he key from the floor beside the chest . GEORGE make the bed for I , would you ? I gotta run . George turn around to alyssa 's leg up and a great view of she underwear . colleen ( o.s. ) what be you , forty ? George whirl around to face colleen as alyssa lower she leg . GEORGE I forget where I put my key . colleen and you think they might be under she dress ? alyssa I be just show he my hair . alyssa miff as she stand . alyssa ( cont 'd ) I think you need to rethink what you think of I . alyssa walk around she mother and out of the garage . colleen stare at George . GEORGE her leg hair . colleen turn and walk out . int . george' truck - late morning George drive the four mile North to Robin 's house listen to Paula Cole . he turn into emerald Bay , a guard - gated community and a Guard wave he in . ext . webber be home - late morning George rush from he car and try the front door , but it 's lock . he ring the bell and lois , the may , answer . lois Mrs. Webber be in the backyard . GEORGE and Sam ? lois in he room , pack . GEORGE oh ... good . int . sam' room - late morning Sam have a CD by marylin manson on loud as he pack a suitcase on he bed . the knock on the door be barely hear . another knock draw he disapproval . GEORGE ( o.s. ) Sam ! Sam 's face turn sour as he yank the door open . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ready ? Sam shrug and return to finish he pack . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I think you will have fun this summer . it 's nearly impossible to hear George over the music . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) do not forget you headphone . the music be quickly drive George crazy . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) would you mind turn it down ? this do not register with Sam . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) it will not all be work , you know ? George be once again , seemingly unheard . he walk to within inch of Sam and grab he head and yell into Sam 's ear . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) it will not be all work , you know ! Sam pull away from the touch and turn the music off . SAM I hear you already ! George walk to the slide glass door and stare down at the boy and Robin in the pool . GEORGE you mom and the boy can drop by anytime . SAM to check up on I ? GEORGE I will be around to check up on you . SAM why would you be there ? GEORGE because I live there . SAM you live in cory 's parent ' cabin ? ext . webber' backyard - late morning Ryan and Adam be on they back on raft as Robin swim lap between they . suddenly , like a ufo crash to Earth , Sam 's suitcase spiral downward straight into the pool , barely miss both Adam and Ryan . SAM no fuck way !!! the boy be knock off they raft as Robin take off she goggle and focus on Sam up on he balcony . SAM ( cont 'd ) you liar ! you stupid liar ! I hate you ! George burst out of the kitchen , onto the patio . GEORGE do you tell he he 's spend the summer with I ? SAM ( o.s. ) no I be not ! Sam storm off the balcony , back into he room . robin what be I suppose to do ? when you do not show up Saturday , I try to call . you phone be not work . GEORGE I do not have a phone . robin I drive over and you be go . GEORGE I can not leave the house ? robin last time you be go for a week ! GEORGE do you tell he he be spend the summer with I ? robin no . I be go to let you do that . GEORGE he 's not spend the summer in tahoe . Sam walk out of the kitchen to confront he father . SAM who be you , anyway ? I do not even know you . GEORGE you will know I by the time we be through . SAM I be not go ! GEORGE I will get you bag . George walk to the edge of the pool and scoops up the suitcase , hold it out as it drain . SAM Mom , tell he I be not go . you already promise I ! GEORGE you have everything ? Robin be in a uncomfortable position as she glance at Sam before focus on George . robin I do say he could go . GEORGE let 's go . SAM I be not go ! GEORGE you do not have a choice . SAM Mom ... please . Sam 's eye well with tear as he voice crack . Robin be ready to concede . robin George -- GEORGE ( adamant ) he 's not spend the entire summer with another kid in tahoe . if he leave , I will follow he up there and I will drag he home by he nose ring . he can hate I . you can hate I . he can try to kill I while I sleep . you can call the police . you can call you husband or you attorney , but Sam be spend the summer with I . he 's my son . he 's sixteen . that 's it . Sam be cry now -- snot 's run down he nose . Robin be shocked by George 's forcefulness . adam can we hate you ? GEORGE you can do anything you want . George walk to Sam and touch he arm . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) go get in the truck , Sam . Sam jerk away from he dad as dramatically as he can manage . SAM go fuck yourself ! George drop the suitcase and grab Sam by the arm . as much as Sam try to resist , he 's clearly no match for he father . GEORGE you nose ring come out of you nose . if you have get they in you nipple , they come out , too . and there 's no make - up at my house . no glue sniff . huffing . no pill , no grass . SAM if you hit I , I will call the police . GEORGE you have wear out you welcome at this house , Sam . I will not ever hit you . ( beat ) this may well be the worst three month of you life , but you have earn it . so , pick up you suitcase and go get in the truck . now . SAM I will hate you forever . GEORGE you can not even begin to know how much I hate my father . ( upbeat ) think of it as a family tradition . Sam glare at he mother before grab he soggy suitcase and stomping out of the backyard . Robin be stunne silent by George 's decisiveness . int . george' truck - late morning Sam be press against the passenger side door . George walk from the backyard and open the truck door to climb in but be stop by Sam 's suitcase . he lift it out and set it in the bed , then slide into the cab , sit on the soak seat . George rise up and turn to Sam , who be sullen and silent . ext . george' shack - afternoon Sam be shirtless on he back on the roof of the shack , sun himself as George struggle to extricate a sofa from a doorjamb . guster be asleep on the grass , under a tree . GEORGE Sam ? I be ... for like three minute ? after another bout of try , George drop the sofa and step back to glance up at Sam . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) that 's okay . if I break my back , daddy 's gonna buy you a naval ring . no reaction from Sam . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) and if that naval ring do not fit , daddy 's gonna rub you down with the sun screen . Sam glance down at he father , puzzle by the verse . GEORGE ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I want you wear sun block . and I want you down here to help I . now . Sam dismiss he father without a word - he simply adjust he face back to the sun . George walk away . a sudden spray of water drench Sam , force he to he foot in a cold panic . George stop the hose water pelting . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) it work on guster . moment later George be still struggle with the sofa stick in the door . frustrate , he step away from the sofa . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you be in there not help at all , be not you ? int . beach shack entry - continuous Sam be lean against a wall with he arm fold across he chest . GEORGE ( o.s. ) you know what else help guster ? neuter . the slight alarm cross Sam 's face . int . george' garage - evening George be shirtless in short , boil pasta on a portable stove as he heat a sauce in the microwave . a dresser top with plyboard serve as a countertop ; other than a sink be across the garage near the toilet , this be a fairly well equip makeshift kitchen . GEORGE do you want garlic bread ?! George wait a bit to make sure no response be no response . then stuff a hunk of garlic bread into the toaster oven . ext . george' garage - evening Sam be sit on the edge of a cliff that drop twenty foot to the ocean ; guster be whining for attention behind Sam . SAM well , get over here , then , stupid . guster inch forward on he belly , which make Sam smile . SAM ( cont 'd ) be you afraid of height , guster ? Sam drop to he belly and stretch out to pet guster . SAM ( cont 'd ) the fall probably would not kill I , anyway . guster inch closer and lick Sam 's face . George walk out with a tray fill with spaghetti , garlic bread and a Coke . GEORGE think of jump ? George set the tray on the ground beside Sam . SAM push . George walk to the edge of the cliff . GEORGE only jump after you hear the wave crash against the rock . the water will take you out . let it . swim a little North and you will see the sand . Sam sit up and face he father with a trace of alarm . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) first time I do it , young than you , I think I would break my neck and just sort of float to catalina . ( beat ) you do not always get what you wish for , Sam . George suddenly leap forward and disappear into the sea as a wave crash against the rock below . SAM oh , shit ! Sam scurries to he foot and scan the ocean for he father ; the only thing visible be darkness . SAM ( cont 'd ) hello ? guster be lap up the dinner , bread and all as Sam call out again . in a bit of a panic , Sam run from the cliff . ext . pacific coast highway - evening the traffic be heavy as Sam run against it . without a sidewalk and with park car block a reasonable path , this be a dangerous trek North . ext . aliso creek beach - evening Sam run to the edge of the water and anxiously wait for he father to emerge from the sea . a jogger startles Sam - he step into a wave that soak he shoe . George float on a wave into view and stand in waist high water , only to be knock way back down . he rise and fall and rise before make he way to the sand and Sam . SAM be you totally insane ?! GEORGE I almost see catalina . George cough and drop onto the sand exhaust . Sam storm off , angry that he care enough to get angry . ext . george' shack - evening Sam be wind as he walk off the street to the middle of the yard . he glance around for guster . SAM guster ! guster bounce out of the garage with spaghetti sauce cover he muzzle . SAM ( cont 'd ) you be so bust , dude . Sam sit down on the grass and play with guster , who yap with joy as he break away and close the distance with the abandon of a puppy . SAM ( cont 'd ) where 's my dinner , huh ? Sam manage to pin guster on he back . he loom over the dog as he kiss he on the nose . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be hungry ! where 's my dinner ? who eat my dinner ? huh ? who 's in trouble now ? alyssa ( o.s. ) hi. Sam roll over guster and stand , nearly stumbling in the process - way uncool . SAM hey . alyssa what be you do here ? guster bump against alyssa for she attention ; she kneel down to pet he . SAM they be try to make I spend the summer here . I be leave in the morning . alyssa where to ? SAM I be suppose to be in tahoe . alyssa you dad 's really gonna build he house ? SAM I do not know . alyssa well , if you do not go , I guess I will see you . alyssa stand . Sam be clearly shy around she . alyssa ( cont 'd ) you should stay . SAM I do not know . alyssa where 's you dad ? SAM he jump into the ocean . alyssa tell he I say " hi " . alyssa pet guster again before walk away . Sam be smitten . int . george' garage - night Sam 's curl up in a tatter lazy - boy near the toilet , watch television as George sit on the bed , brush he tooth . suddenly , Sam turn to face he dad . SAM I be not take a dump with you in here . George nod as he continue brush . SAM ( cont 'd ) my brother say it 's the worst smell they have ever smell . George nod again , which appear only to irritate Sam . SAM ( cont 'd ) I think you have to have a door between where you cook and where you crap . like even in the bush , tribal people and like that have a place for both . it 's like a law . George walk around Sam to the sink and spit , rinse and wipe he mouth with a towel . he face Sam . GEORGE which side of the bed do you want ? Sam 's jaw drop as he glance at the double - bed . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) just kid . the sofa 's a pullout . George smile and pat Sam on the shoulder before walk to the sofa and pull it out to make a bed . SAM probably in the bible . GEORGE goodnight . George drop he pants and climb into bed . he pull the sheet up and fluff the pillow before rest he head . SAM I have to take a dump . George twist around in bed to face Sam . after a beat , he toss the sheet back , climb out of bed , pull back on he pants , slip on he shoe and walk out of the garage . ext . george' shack - morning George be up on the roof , hack through the shingles and beam with a chain see . a huge dumpster set on the lawn receive only about half the throw George make . Sam be near the ocean in a chaise lounge , listen to music through he portable CD player . GEORGE have you get sunscreen on ? there 's no chance he 's be hear . tom and barbara , two older neighbor of George 's near home from a walk , stop on the driveway - both look pleased . barbara it 's about time this shack be tear down . Barbara appear surprised as George turn to face they - she obviously do not realize he be the one up on the roof do the demolition . tom oh , hello George . GEORGE guess how many low - income apartment the city approve for this lot ? Tom and Barbara react by try not to react . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) come on ... ballpark figure . Tom and Barbara step back and walk away . George head to the ladder and climb down . another view Sam be groove to the music with he eye close as George 's hand , fill with a gob of sunscreen , plop onto Sam 's stomach . Sam bolt up from the chaise lounge in a rage . SAM what be you do ?! GEORGE I warn you yesterday . SAM do not touch I ! you can not touch I ! alyssa ( o.s. ) hey , you stay . alyssa walk across she lawn to the feud family . George hold out the bottle of sun lotion to alyssa . GEORGE rub he down , please . George walk back to the ladder and up onto the roof as alyssa and Sam stare at one another . SAM he 's a freak . alyssa you look better without make -up . SAM I can not even take a shower here . alyssa come over to my house whenever you want . I will tell my mom . SAM I might not stay , anyway . alyssa I will get you back . SAM no . that 's okay . Sam reach out for the lotion , but alyssa hide the bottle . alyssa have you ever have anyone but you mom or dad put it on for you ? Sam think about it for a second before shaking he head no . alyssa ( cont 'd ) it 's weird how different it be . Lay down . George be back with the chain see , hack away at the roof . Sam be hesitant as he lie down on he stomach . alyssa kneel and squeeze lotion on he back . she work it in , start at he neck , work she way down to he pants . she squirt Sam 's arm and as she rub close to he pit , he squirm . alyssa ( cont 'd ) do you remember I from when you live here ? SAM yeah . alyssa you dad date my mom after she divorce . SAM really ? alyssa I want he to marry she . SAM why ? alyssa turn over . alyssa grab under he armpit and tickle he . Sam yelp and rise onto he elbow as josh roar by the shack in he porsche . alyssa ( cont 'd ) josh and I be go to South Coast . wanna ride ? maybe see a movie ? SAM no thanks . Sam be disappointed as alyssa stand to leave . alyssa do not forget you front . alyssa walk to the shack and wave goodbye to George . George wave she off . Sam curl onto he side as he watch alyssa run across the lawn to josh . GEORGE she 's pretty ... for a girl . Sam appear irritate as he stand and walk into the garage . int . george' garage - morning Sam glance out the window to check on he father , then quickly rummages through every drawer and cabinet look for what he find : a prescription bottle . it 's vicodin . he check on he dad through the window again , then open the bottle and take out five pill . he fill a glass with water and swallow two , save three for later . he set the bottle back where he find it before he drop on the bed with a grin . ext . george' garage - afternoon guster be in a full out run for a rubber ball . Sam be shirt , sit at the patio table . with the ball gladly return , Sam toss it again . George walk out juggling two plate of sandwich and two coke and sit down . GEORGE do you ever get like the slight inkling that you might want to help I instead of do absolutely nothing ? SAM no . GEORGE get the inkling , Sam . I be get tired of you attitude . Sam pick up the sandwich , examine it and set it back down on the plate . SAM I hate turkey . GEORGE no you do not . George take a bite of he sandwich before respond . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I want you to take out you nose ring and leave it out . SAM why ? GEORGE it bug I . SAM you snore at night . that bug I . can I take you out ? GEORGE you brother be right . it be the most god - awful smell I have ever have my nose around . George tighten he face and wave he hand in front of he nose . Sam stare at he father . a black Range Rover pull to a stop and Robin step out with a pizza box in she hand . robin think you guy might be hungry . as Robin walk up the drive , Sam pick up the turkey sandwich and start eat . George glance at Sam as Robin set the box on the table and sit down . GEORGE we be fine . Turkey sandwich . robin well , for later then . Robin focus on the nearly roofless shack . guster walk to the table and sit down by Robin , ready to beg . robin ( cont 'd ) it make I sad . GEORGE what ? robin I use to live here . GEORGE but you hate four out of the five you do . robin I be here six year . and I only hate two . GEORGE which ? robin the first and the last . George set he sandwich down . GEORGE I do not even like turkey sandwich . what kind of pizza ? robin Sam 's favorite . George open the box and pull out a slice . Sam appear disinterested as George start in on the slice of pizza . robin ( cont 'd ) ( to Sam ) sure you do not want any ? Sam shrug off he mother , look away . Robin nod and grab a piece for herself . robin ( cont 'd ) you be too thin , George . from what you use to be , anyway . George respond with a pleasant face ; he 's not go to explain he weight loss right now . GEORGE why the first and the last ? Robin set she slice of pizza down as she study George . robin the first because I be not sure you really love I ... the last because I be not sure I really love you . George nod . though it may appear that Sam be not interested in the conversation , he ear be perk . GEORGE I be up on the roof this morning , tear it down and it strike I as strong as anything ever have . that I be happy today . robin what have you be before today ? GEORGE it be just that , maybe the way the sun strike the ocean , the sound of the wave . it be simple , whatever it be . then I start think about the last time I feel this good . ( beat ) it 's be a long time . robin do you remember ? GEORGE the only time I can think of for sure , I be hold onto Sam in the ocean , save he from the wave . George turn to Sam , who 's catch stare at he father . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you head be press against my chest . I could feel you heart racing . and I remember I kiss you hair . robin we have it on video ! be that when ? my parent be down for he sixth birthday ! I remember that . Robin inexplicably start to cry . she instantly try to take it back , press she hand to she mouth , wiping she eye , but whatever emotion have she , have she good . both George and Sam be confuse and concerned . SAM I have to go . she stand and back away from the table . GEORGE what be it ? robin I be fine . nothing . ( beat ) I will drop by you lunch tomorrow . Robin wipe she eye again as she climb into she car and drive off . Sam and George face one another . GEORGE I do not know . SAM I be gonna take a walk . I need some money . GEORGE you will have money when you work . SAM you be so predictable . Sam set he sandwich down and grab a slice of pizza as he stand . he walk for a few foot , stop and turn around . SAM ( cont 'd ) you have not be happy in ten year ? he do not wait for a answer ; as he walk away , guster follow . George take Robin 's slice of pizza and drop it on the cement ; that 's all it take to turn guster around . int . robin' kitchen - evening Robin be sit alone at the table , do nothing . the tv be on loud in another room . Adam walk into the room in he pajamas . he sit down across from he mother at the table . Robin smile at he . he smile back as he scoot he chair closer to the table and extend he arm straight out across the top . Robin extend she arm and they lock hand near the middle . without a word , they hold hand . Adam let go and climb on top of the table , scoot across it with a kiss for he mother before he 's go , slide off the table on he rear and run back to the tv . ext . george' garage - evening George be on the patio , bend a thin piece of copper tub . Sam storm out of the garage , fume . SAM no one would blame I if I leave ! GEORGE I would blame you . I want you here . SAM I be not do it ! GEORGE it will be fine . SAM why do not you just beg some money off my dad and move into something decent with a real kitchen and a real bathroom ? GEORGE I would rather sell my nut to a castrati . Sam screw he face down - huh ? GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I do not beg . SAM and I do not take a shower in the middle of the yard . GEORGE I can promise you complete privacy . SAM you can not promise I anything ! you do not have anything to promise ! you live in a garage ! you do not have cable ! you be not hook up to the internet because you do not even own a computer ! you do not have a job ! George finish bend the copper into a circle . he stand and hold the copper circle out for proof of privacy . GEORGE this will save you from pry eye . Sam dismiss he father with a shake of he head . he head back into the garage . int . george' garage - evening Sam quickly head to where George 's prescription bottle be hide under a pile of underwear . he steal two more pill and swallow they before grab a towel and walk out . ext . george' garage - evening SAM if you have a stupid phone or I could use you truck , mom would give I some money . GEORGE you will have money when you work for it . Sam stomp down the driveway and across the grass to alyssa 's house . George walk around to the back of he garage with the round copper tub . ext . alyssa' house - evening Sam be stand on the porch with he towel and clean clothes . colleen answer the door . SAM be alyssa home ? colleen she 's out with a friend . SAM oh ...do you know when she will be home ? colleen she do not really say . SAM oh...okay . Sam nod and step back as he prepare to leave . colleen Sam ? SAM uh huh . colleen I do not recognize you ! SAM I be sorry . colleen alyssa say you do not even have plumbing over there . SAM not a shower . colleen take Sam by the arm and nudge he into the house . int . alyssa' room - evening Sam be slowly make he way around the room , take note of everything : some dry flower ; a yearbook ; a cabinet full of CD 's ; dirty clothes stuff in a hamper . he walk into the bathroom before walk back out and make one more round . int . robin' family room - evening Robin be sit between she son on the sofa , watch a movie . Peter enter the room , carry he jacket . peter the goddamn traffic . be we go out to dinner ? Robin focus on she husband , but the boy be rivete to the television . robin we have eat . peter be lois still here ? I be starve . robin I will make you something . Robin stand as Adam and Ryan try to hold she down . peter do someone call to tell you I would be late ? Robin walk into the kitchen without respond . int . alyssa' bathroom - evening Sam 's in the shower , obscure by the sandblasted glass . josh ( o.s. ) bro , I need you tonight . Sam bump a elbow against the glass as he open the shower door enough to look out . josh be sit up on the marble countertop . SAM I lock the door . josh hold up a tiny screwdriver . josh it will take you like twenty , thirty minute . SAM do alyssa know ? josh nothing . SAM you get any weed ? josh you get the money ? Sam wait a beat before close the shower door . josh ( cont 'd ) alyssa send I up to see if you want to hang around and watch a movie with she and she mom . ext . george' garage - evening the round copper tube be brace and nail to the side of the garage ; on it hang a shower curtain . George be make noise inside the curtain as he shower . GEORGE ah ! oh .... kurt ( o.s. ) I know there 's a explanation . George pull back the shower curtain just enough to see kurt stand by in he police uniform . GEORGE no hot water . George be shiver as he close the curtain back up . kurt Mr. dokos call to complain that you and a boy be squatting illegally in the garage of you house . GEORGE check the permit . it be build as a guesthouse . it 's a legally rentable unit grandfather when South laguna be incorporate . without warning , the copper tub hold the hang curtain fall to the ground . George turn the water off and grab a towel . unfortunately , he ass be not what the towel cover . kurt now that should be illegal . int . alyssa' family room - evening alyssa and colleen be curl up on the sofa as josh and Sam stick they head in to say goodbye . SAM thanks for the shower . colleen I want you both to stay . alyssa and candy too . alyssa hold up a huge bowl of popcorn and the dvd case . josh I be gonna give he a ride in my car . alyssa I will see you tomorrow . colleen come over anytime you need to , Sam . SAM thanks , I would like that . thank you . the only thing keep Sam from stay be josh , who jerk he out by the shirt . int . george' garage - evening with kurt in the only chair , George hand he a cup of coffee and sit down on the pullout sofa , which be pull out . kurt I be surprised he have not leave . GEORGE I have not force he to work . I only wet he down once . why would he leave ? Sam rush in and grab a sweater before start out . SAM I be leave . GEORGE hey ...hey ! Sam stop at the door and wait impatiently . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? SAM I do not know . GEORGE when be you go to be back ? SAM I do not know . GEORGE well , until you know , you can not go . SAM oh , okay . Sam be go in a flash . kurt study George for a second . GEORGE I be not very good at it . parent . kurt nod ; agree , he 's not . int . robin' kitchen - evening Robin arrange a attractive plate of food , which she stick in the microwave . Peter walk in wear different clothes but the same personality . peter I hope you ex-husband be equip for the havoc of Sam , because it seem absolutely blissful here tonight . he sit down at the table , open up a newspaper as Robin stare at he . robin do you think it 's odd you kid do not hug you ? peter should I ? robin it would worry I . Peter glance up from the paper , focus on Robin . peter if I let everything that should worry I , worry I , I would be dead from worry . robin what would you be if you ask Adam and Ryan to run in now and hug you ? peter I would be you . the answer bother Robin enough that Peter can not concentrate back on the paper . peter ( cont 'd ) I will do it if that 's what you want . Robin walk out of the kitchen . Peter fold the paper and shove it across the granite counter . int . josh' porsche - night Sam and josh be park on a street that overlook the Valley East of laguna Beach . they share a joint as josh explain the specifics of the job . josh you do not have to do a thing . just get in and get out . as quick as you can . Close you eye and think of whatever . Sam hand the joint to josh . SAM what 's you deal with alyssa ? josh do not even ... I be there . SAM I be not sure . josh she would not even fuck go out with until she be sixteen . I mean , that 's not even a rule , just she own thing . she like figure thing out on she own and then that 's it . a black mercede benz pull to a stop a way down the street . josh hand Sam a cell phone . josh ( cont 'd ) if this ring , run . Sam be scared and it show . josh ( cont 'd ) he already know everything about what he can not do . you can tell he not to even look at you , if you want . SAM I be think it 's too weird now . josh pull a baggie of grass and hold it out for Sam , who take it and stuff it in he pants pocket . josh it beat work . josh hand Sam the joint . josh ( cont 'd ) inhale and get out . Sam be quick to inhale , but slow to get out . josh take the joint and Sam step out . he walk slowly to the mercede , open the door and climb in . josh turn the CD on to guster 's " all the way up to heaven . " Sam close the door to the mercede . ' he say to only look up , he say to never look down , down be where we come from ... ' it 's a odd song sung in a happy tempo ; a whistling refrain overtake the lyric as josh inhale . ' he say to hope for the best and take a load off my chest . soon , I could be happy , and go all the way up to heaven and go all the way back home . ' with the music loud , josh miss the police car as it stop behind he without the light . too late for a getaway , he fumble for he cell phone and toss the joint out the open window . the officer approach the porsche with he hand on he gun . officer what do you toss into the brush ? josh furtively press send on he cell phone as he face the officer with a guilty face . josh nothing . ' he say I might need he help , no one get high on themselves . I just seem so lonely ; he 's just try to be nice and spread around he advice . I could be happy ... ' officer turn off the music ! as the music stop , the door to the mercede open and Sam hop out with he pants around he ankle . the officer notice and walk towards the mercede . the parking light flash red as the car start and flee the scene . Sam yank up he pants and leap down the hillside , fall and roll in the brush as the officer yell for he to stop . josh start he car , but the officer dissuade he from leave by remove he gun . josh turn off the engine . josh oh , it 's work now . officer what do you toss into the brush ? before josh can feign innocence again , the brush start to smolder . busted . ext . hillside - night Sam be spot with weed and dirt as he continue he way down the steep hillside hold up he pants . after he 's sure he 's safe , he sit down and rest he head in he hand . he start to shake , frighten by he action . he drop onto he back , button and zip he pants as he start to cry . slowly , he stop cry , but keep stare up at the sky , which be load with star and a full moon . mesmerized by the brilliant night , Sam can not stop stare . ext . george' shack - morning George be remove the last of the window , carefully pry it out of the casement as Robin pull up in she Range Rover . she step out dress in Levi 's , boot and a t-shirt , carry a large bag . robin lunch . she smile and walk toward George , drop the food sack on the patio table . GEORGE it 's not breakfast yet . robin I dream about you house last night . GEORGE finish or unfinish ? robin it be perfect , George . amazing . it be so real . GEORGE do not you once dream you could lick people well , though ? robin that be not a dream . that be Sam . GEORGE oh ... with he ear infection ! robin my tongue around the edge of he ear be what cure he . George be not quite sure how to take she comment . finally , he point to the garage . GEORGE go in there and lick he attitude . robin the antibiotic be not work . ( beat ) it 's what I believe , George . George stare at Robin for a second before he nod . GEORGE you be wrong about the first year , you know ? it take Robin a second to understand he 's say he love she when they marry . robin I have be wrong a lot in my life . GEORGE hindsight . it 's like foresight without a future . Robin almost smile ; George confess love ten year dead . robin I have three hour before I pick up Adam and Ryan . ( beat ) where will I be most useful ? Robin glance around , assess the best use of she time . GEORGE with you hand or you tongue ? robin you be not well . Robin pick up a pile of splinter board and toss they in the garbage bin . George nod ...he 's not . later Robin and George carry a twelve - foot beam from inside the shack and set it down on cinder block . both look exhaust as they head back in for another beam . Sam saunter out of the garage in short , sit down on the patio chair and open the sack he mother have pack for lunch . he pull out a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and start eat as George and Robin emerge from the shack with another beam . GEORGE good morning . Robin and George set the beam down and turn to Sam as they both wipe sweat off they face . Sam chew he sandwich , ignore they both . robin I be late . Robin walk close to Sam , try to capture he attention . robin ( cont 'd ) Ryan have a game later . he ask if you would come and watch . Sam glance up at he mother , just long enough to let she know he hate she , then drop the sandwich and walk back into the garage . a city inspector 's car pull to a stop on the street and bob larson step out with a clipboard . Robin pass he as she walk back to she Range Rover . bob Mr. Stevens ? GEORGE I have be dread you . Bob and George shake hand as Robin drive off . bob Bob Larson . do you happen to have a unenclose toilet in close proximity to a kitchen ? GEORGE a violation ? bob oh , yes . GEORGE and if I enclose it ? bob a exhaust system or a window be code . GEORGE a sink ? bob allow outside the enclose area . Sam walk out of the garage in long pants and a shirt . SAM where be it ? GEORGE a friend of yours be here . SAM do you get through my pants ? GEORGE I might have a solution . George grab he chain see and walk to the garage with Sam and Bob in tow . SAM where would you put it ?! int . garage - afternoon George walk to a armoire and empty it . he grab a hammer and bang , pries and pull the back off , then dump the cabinet onto the floor . SAM I know you take it . I want it now ! George yank the chain see to a roar and fashion a oval cut a few foot deep on the cabinet base . he kill the see , lift the armoire and scoot it in front of the toilet . GEORGE Doors . Bob grimace as George open the armoire , revealing the toilet inside . bob I hate to ask about a window . GEORGE ( to Sam ) I flushed it down the toilet . SAM no ! oh my God ! George jerk start the chain see again and fashion a small open above the toilet , rip through the stud , wire mesh , tar paper and stucco - fine dust invade the space like a storm . Bob cough as he write in he book . George kill the chain see and set it down as he survey he work . SAM ( cont 'd ) if I have a gun , I would kill you . Bob seem fairly anxious to conclude he business . bob I assume you will fill the ...uh , window , with glass ? GEORGE if that 's what it take . SAM what 's in my pants be none of you fuck business ! bob ( a little rattle ) I would say you be in compliance . GEORGE I hope that make the pain in the ass that call you happy . George be stare at Sam . Bob back out of the garage . bob you and I both . with Bob go , George walk to Sam and get in he face . GEORGE everything about you be my business . what you smoke , what you swallow , what you sniff , it 's all my business . Sam slam he fist against he own chest , madden . SAM I have be use since I be twelve ! you be all so unbelievably stupid . you do not give a shit about anything I do until now ! GEORGE I will apologize for everything but today ... today I give a shit . SAM you be too fuck late . GEORGE the glove on the table be for you . SAM you can not make I do a thing . GEORGE sit down for a second . SAM no . George gently guide Sam back onto the bed . Sam hop up mad . SAM ( cont 'd ) I will call the cop if you touch I again ! George set Sam back onto the bed , not so gently this time . Sam be less eager to hop up in defiance . SAM ( cont 'd ) oh , so you be in the big shit now ! child abuse . people go to prison for what you just do to I . GEORGE my dad use to play a game . I never really understand what it be until after he be go . Sam appear immensely disinterested . SAM I be hold for someone . that be not even mine . GEORGE the game be to make I smaller than he be . no matter what . he could be almost invisible as a human be , but I have to be smaller . so if I get good grade , I be a pussy for not play football . if I cut my hair for he , it be not short enough . if I shave it , I look like a psycho . I never win the game . not once . and if he could not make I smaller with word ... tear well in George 's eye . Sam be catch up enough in what he father have to say that he have to feign he lack of interest . SAM I will have to pay he back . GEORGE I will not ever hit you . ( beat ) I do not want you smaller . I want you to be happy . you be not . not here with I . not home with you mother . not up in tahoe . not alone . not anywhere . ( beat ) you be what I be most of my life , Sam . I see it in you eye . in you sleep . in you answer to everything . you be barely alive . SAM I be not even listen . GEORGE you know that great thing , though ? be that change can be so constant you do not even feel the difference until there be one . it can be so slow that you do not even notice that you life be better or worse , until it be . ( beat ) or it can just blow you away . make you something different in a instant . it happen to I . George walk to the garage door as he wipe he eye . he stop and turn back around to face Sam . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) build this house with I . George walk out leave Sam on the bed to think . ext . george' beach shack - afternoon George gather a pile of splinter board and toss they into the dumpster . he work while guster sleep . later the sun be fierce , low on the horizon with a heat that distort the distance . George be sweat and shirtless as Sam walk out of the garage with the glove on and stand stare at he father . after a beat , George notice he . SAM I have to pay back what you flushed down the toilet . ( beat ) I want ten dollar a hour ... then I be do . George nod . he point out the roofless shell of a shack . GEORGE it all have to come down before we can start again . ( beat ) knock it down . George pick up a sledghammer and hand it to Sam . Sam hoist the hefty hammer and with some true effort , slam it on a sideboard . he slam again and again as George pick up a slightly smaller sledgehammer . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I hate this house from the second my father cheat everyone and put it in my name . George take a good hard whack at the wall , knock a huge hunk of it down . Sam stop to watch . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) twenty year of hat what you live in ... what you be . this be the end of it , Sam . I be gonna build something of I here that I can be proud to give to you . SAM do not . I do not want it . George yell as he land the hammer into the wall again . Sam be alarmed by he father 's blatant rage . GEORGE do whatever you want with it . I do not care . all I want from you be for you to remember we build this house together . SAM we have not build shit . you be just tear down you father . GEORGE try it . it feel good . George strike another blow to the house join with a mad wail . Sam start low , a whisper of a scream , but quickly build , soon rivaling George in volume as he pound away . this soul let , cleanse ritual be both impell and frightening to watch . Tom and Barbara , colleen and she may step out of they house , draw and perplex by the guttural noise . int . ryan and adam be room - morning both boy be asleep as Robin enter and wake they with the drop-and -bounce - back-to-your-feet-from -the-mattress method . robin it 's morning , sleepyhead ! they both wake with a groan . Robin leap onto Adam and tickle he to life . int . robin' kitchen - morning Robin be quickly finish a breakfast of oatmeal and fresh fruit with Adam and Ryan , who be still dress in pajamas . ryan why do we have to get up and eat with you this early ? robin I just think it would be nice . adam be you go to see Sam again ? robin I think I might stop by . ryan all day again ? robin not all day . I will be home after lunch . Robin stand and dump she dish in the sink . robin ( cont 'd ) you can go back to bed ...or lois might let you go swim . adam I wanna be with you today . robin oh , honey . there 's not much to do there . I mean , it 's all work . adam we can work . Robin focus on she son , both of whom seem willing to work . robin Ryan , would you rather swim or work ? ryan can we really help build a house ? Peter walk in , surprised by everyone be up . peter why be everyone up so early ? ext . george' shack - morning George be knock away the form use to pour the foundation . Sam walk out of the garage with a towel ; he shield he eye from the morning sun as he watch he father work . without make - up or a nose ring and with the black dye go from he hair and the polish from he nail , Sam be a handsome kid . George look happy , lay bare the foundation that will hold he home . Sam walk to alyssa 's house , unseen by he father . int . alyssa' entry - morning colleen be walk with Sam toward the stair . colleen if she 's not up , you can use my shower . SAM thank you . colleen you be here early today . SAM we be get out of the ground today . Sam look fairly excited as he rush up the stair . int . alyssa' hallway - morning Sam stop at the door and knock . alyssa ( o.s. ) huh ? SAM I can use you mom 's . alyssa ( o.s. ) I be okay . int . alyssa' room - morning alyssa be curl up in bed , cuddle a stuff bear as Sam walk in and close the bedroom door behind he . alyssa be you with josh when the cop arrest he ? alyssa sit up in bed , hold the sheet to she chest . SAM ( nervously ) not really . no. kinda . he get bust ? alyssa his parent take he car . they be make he ride a bicycle the rest of the summer . Sam can not help but like that . SAM really ? alyssa he ask I to tell you that you owe he a hundred dollar . SAM he can pedal over anytime he want to for it . Sam break into a full - on smile . alyssa this be serious ! I do not have my license . he be my ride . SAM I be sorry . I be just here to shower . Sam walk into the bathroom ; before he close the door , he face alyssa with another smile - she toss she bear at he . ext . george' shack - morning George be pry off the last of the board when he 's hit with a pain that take he to he knee . he drop the crowbar and sit down in the dirt as guster walk over to comfort he . George take deep breath and close he eye as he try to gain control over the pain . int . alyssa' bathroom - morning the doorknob jiggle , jiggle and turn ; alyssa open the door and walk in dress in a t-shirt and panty . once again Sam jump and jam he elbow to the frost glass as he partially open the shower door . SAM be this like a past time with people ? go away ! alyssa set a tiny screwdriver on the vanity . alyssa I have see lot of people . it 's not a big thing for I . SAM Hand I a towel . I be get out . alyssa I be come in . SAM I do not want you to ! alyssa we be not gonna do anything . SAM why be you so stupid ? alyssa why be you so uptight ? SAM I do not even ... what do you mean ? I do not even know what that mean . alyssa it mean I be gonna shampoo my hair and stay out of you way . SAM Hand I a towel . Hand I a towel . Sam be anxious . alyssa take off she t-shirt and pull down she panty before grab a towel ; she hand it to Sam as she force she way into the shower . barely visible through the frost glass , alyssa wet she hair as Sam stare in she direction . the towel drop to the tile floor . int . george' garage - morning George be curl up in bed , the prescription bottle and a glass rest on a table . he 's hold onto he side , still in some pain . a honk get guster barking outside . ext . george' garage - morning Ryan and Adam run to guster with glee as Robin step out of the Range Rover with a large cover basket and a boom box . she set the basket and radio on the patio table and search for George , end up at the entrance to the garage . int . george' garage - morning George have hide the prescription bottle and be sit on the bed as Robin walk in . robin I think you would be up with the sun . GEORGE my stupid back . Robin sit down on the bed next to George , concerned . robin do you need anything ? I will go to the pharmacy . I have some demerol at home . GEORGE no , I be ... thanks . I take something . Robin run she hand down George 's spine . robin where 's Sam ? GEORGE he will not use my shower . I do not get it . outside , Adam and Ryan be each call guster . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you bring you kid ? robin I kind of say that maybe they could do something . help . I be sorry . they really want to come . I really want to come and they want to be with I . I do not think they will be too much trouble . GEORGE I will find something that will not kill they . robin or wound . let they keep they eye and finger . GEORGE you be a good mother . Robin smile . with some effort , George stand . robin do you need help ? GEORGE I think so . Robin stand and wrap she arm around he waist and he drape he arm over she shoulder as they walk out of the garage . robin I wake up this morning at three and could not fall back asleep . everyday I think I see more of Sam than I have see in year . adam ( o.s. ) Sam ! ext . george' garage - morning Adam run with abandon to Sam and alyssa as Robin help George to a patio chair . SAM hey . Adam run into Sam with a hug , then step back . SAM ( cont 'd ) what 's that for ? adam Mom say I should . SAM oh. adam I would have anyway . Sam appear awkward as he rest he hand for a second on Adam 's shoulder . adam ( cont 'd ) who be you ? alyssa who be you ? adam I be he brother . alyssa I be he friend . Adam view she suspiciously as they walk across alyssa 's grass to the patio . adam Mom say we can build a house . alyssa hi , Mr. Nelson . GEORGE hi , alyssa . SAM hi , Mom . robin good morning . it 's clear that Robin be fall in love with she son again . alyssa hello . alyssa extend she hand to Robin and they shake . robin you be so nice to let Sam use you shower . alyssa he 's get a stand invitation . Sam instantly flush red . SAM hey , Ryan . Sam walk to Ryan , who 's be stand back from the group . ryan hey . Sam drape he arm over Ryan 's shoulder and together they walk to the foundation . SAM so , you wanna build a house ? ryan if we do , will it stay up ? montage a blink 182 song blast from the boom box on the patio table . Ryan and Adam slather paint remover on five old paint door . they work with glove and brushes and appear meticulous in they application . alyssa and Sam nail and bolt the corner post to the rim joist as Robin and George work on the stick frame door deck . while George be move a little slower than usual , it appear that the pain be nearly go . as the song end , Robin rush toward the radio . robin I bring a few of my own . ryan someone stop she ! Robin run to she car and retrieve a few CD 's . she slip the CD in and we hear John hiat 's " distance . " it 's a slow , soft song that bring a smile to George 's face . GEORGE it 's be a while . robin this be my very first slow dance . adam do you know he before you know dad ? robin since seventh grade . GEORGE tell he how you make I fall in love with you . robin I smile at he . GEORGE watch out for the smile , boy . Robin 's body move slightly to the music as she smile . George grin . the boy be not sure what to make of the advice . ' you be the beautiful love ( my lover ) , I be the distant shore ( so far away ) . there be so much to uncover ( love 's hide ) . what be this distance for ? what be it for ? robin who 's up for a dance ? Robin glance around for any taker , finally focus on George . adam ( o.s. ) just do not hug I too tight . Adam walk to he mother and they hold hand as they dance . Sam sit down to watch . George wear a smile that wipe the last of the pain from he face . adam ( cont 'd ) that 's all you get . I be busy today . Adam back away and grab he paintbrush . Robin stop dance as she focus on George . robin let 's see if you have get any better . GEORGE oh , I be worse . much , much worse . Robin wait to see how worse . George finally walk to she and take she in he arm . he must have be better than this . the waltz smooth out as they dance closer , hold tighter . " we fill the air with silent stare . but still , no one there , we be stranger . " alyssa decide it 's time to go . alyssa I will see you tomorrow . Sam watch alyssa walk away , but he 's quickly draw back to he mother and father dance . Ryan appear anxious , unsure of the music and George . ryan when do you fall in love with my dad ? the dance stop . George let go of Robin as she focus on Ryan . robin when I find out I be pregnant with you . int . george' garage - night Sam be on the pull out bed , listen to music through head phone . we hear a flush , the armoire door open and George walk out of the cabinet , wash he hand , turn off the light and drop into bed . a nightlight stick in a socket above the bed cast a dull blue light over the room . Sam take the headphone off . after a long silence : SAM I take some of you vicodin . GEORGE I know . ( beat ) why ? SAM I like how it feel not to feel . George turn onto he side to face he son . GEORGE I know the feel . SAM how do you become something you be not ? GEORGE what would you like to be ? SAM what I be not . GEORGE what be you now ? SAM nothing . GEORGE that 's not true . SAM see , that 's the thing ... I be what I say I be . GEORGE I know part of who you be . SAM what do you know about I ? George drop back onto he back . he take he time to answer . GEORGE when you start first grade and you mom go to work , it be so she could save for a apartment . but then she meet Peter and skip the idea of rent . SAM he 's get nothing to do with I . GEORGE I could not imagine how I could compete with he for any part of you . so , I do not . he want you to have he last name ... I let he even take that . SAM he be a prick when I be six , and he 's a prick today . George turn onto he side to face Sam again . GEORGE I wish you have tell I then . SAM I be tell you now . GEORGE I give up on you . SAM I would be in tahoe have fun if you have give up . GEORGE what would you be do now ? SAM get high , I guess . GEORGE if I ask you to stop , would you ? SAM I have not use anything for two day . I be try . GEORGE I be proud of you , Sam . SAM do not be . and hide whatever that new drug be you have . I like it . Sam turn away from he father and put he headphone on . the music bleed through the headphone in a muffle rumble . GEORGE I put a gun to my father 's head once . George 's voice be soft - there 's no chance Sam can hear . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) have you ever think like that ? I have be think ... watch you work . how much do you hate I ? ( beat ) he be pass out . just scream at my mother before . about nothing . under - cook meat . I go back to my room ... put the barrel close to he ear and chicken out again . not my dad . hid in my room . not even I . ( beat ) of course it be a bb gun . but it still would have hurt like hell . Sam notice he father 's mouth move and take off the headphone . SAM be you talk ? GEORGE I be just think about my mom . she would not leave he . I remember one time she make we dinner wear sunglass . I mean it be dark outside and in . but we never talk about it . SAM Sun glass ? GEORGE to hide a black eye . SAM why would not she leave ? GEORGE I think she be terrify of live with he ... but maybe even more terrify of life without he . SAM I would have kill he . GEORGE everything would have be better if you have . you would have like you grandmother . and there would be a girl out there that would have she mother . I remember read about she in the paper . they could not find she father and she mother be dead . I still feel guilty about that . SAM do you ever wish you have do it ? George think about that for a second . GEORGE I love he too much . SAM after everything he do to you and you mom ? GEORGE after everything . SAM that 's so weird ... Sam slip he headphone back on . George nod ... it be . ext . david dokos ' house - morning guster be squatting on the lush lawn of the mansion take a dump . David burst out from he house , rush to he black mercede and try once again to run over guster . no such luck . guster move on to another lawn as Mr. dokos drop over the curb and drive off down the street . ext . george' beach shack - afternoon in the late June afternoon , with a clotted cloud sky , Robin , Adam , Ryan , Sam , alyssa and George work at building a house . Adam and Ryan be stain the interior door they stripped day earlier . George and Sam carry large wood beam to the foundation and slip it into the pocket mortise of the laminate beam that span from pier post to pier post . Robin grab a drill and screw the cast - in tie down to the wood beam . alyssa be saw a rafter in half as she mother walk across the grass with a huge basket of food . colleen be anyone hungry ? later with music play in the background , everyone be pack around the patio table eat pasta and drink lemonade . adam I like the color I be make the door . GEORGE the absolute best color I have ever see in my life . Adam light up , pleased to be praise . ryan how many bedroom will you house have ? GEORGE Three . adam will Sam live with you or we ? GEORGE with you . it 's a quick response that draw Robin 's attention . Sam lightly bop Adam on the head . SAM so put you plan of my room in the trash . adam I do not think dad want you home . robin Adam , that 's not true ! ryan yes , it be . robin would you stop be ridiculous ? you father want Sam home as much as I do . Sam start laugh . George smile . Sam can not stop laugh . robin ( cont 'd ) it be not mean to be ... Sam and George stand at exactly the same time and walk back to the house . without a word , they work together as they continue to frame the house . suddenly George turn back to the pack of people at the table and loudly proclaim : GEORGE I love you ! that 's it . he go back to work as Sam glance at he , amused . Adam and Ryan be surprised and it show on they face . Robin smile . int . robin' bedroom - night Robin 's in bed read as Peter emerge from the bathroom in pajama bottom . peter you know what I have decide ? Robin glance up from she book to Peter 's hairy chest . robin to shave you chest ? peter we should take a vacation . Peter grab he pajama top and slip it on as he climb into bed . Robin set she book down . robin the biggest waste of time since television . peter do you remember anything I have say that be not negative ? Robin take long enough to think that Peter forges on . peter ( cont 'd ) just the two of we . it take Robin a few second to answer . robin I would love to drive through New England in the fall . peter sooner than the fall . he close in on she , kiss she cheek . robin after the kid be back in school . peter lois will stay with they . or we can pawn they off on you parent . out of reasonable excuse , Robin opt for the truth . robin I be help George build he house . peter what ? robin I have be help for the last few day . week . Sam 's work . I tell you Sam be work . I mean , he really be . peter good . that be the plan . we could not stand he and George need help . as true as it be , this still irritate Robin . robin I can not go right now . peter you can not go because of Sam ? robin we have not be away together for three year . what difference do a few month make ? peter you can not go with I because of Sam ? robin Sam be work at something for the first time in he life . once in a while he even talk to I . I want to be around for that . peter so be I , Robin . I be work at something , too . I be even talk . do you want to be around for it ? Peter be intense , close up , not give she breathe room . robin I do not know . Robin whisper she answer . Peter pull away and settles down on he back . Robin do not move for the longest time . finally , she ease onto she back and turn out the light . peter I be talk about we marriage . robin I know . silence finish the conversation . ext . george' house - morning with a extend plate and overhung rafter , the frame take its form ; room be rough in ; window be frame ; two gable dormer distinguish the common-rafter roof in the front and a frame for a balcony jut out over the ocean in back . Robin and Adam be lock in and hoist the sheet of plywood on a pulley system up to Ryan and George , who be stripped down to short - George be thin than ever . int . alyssa' bathroom - morning Sam be shower as alyssa walk in from the bedroom and join he ; no protest be voice this time around . int . shower - continuous alyssa smile at Sam as she grab a wash cloth and slather it with liquid soap . SAM what 's the point of this ? alyssa do everything have to have a point ? SAM it 's freakish . I do not get it . I be not really suppose to touch you , but I can look . alyssa face Sam as she wash she body with the cloth . alyssa be you sure you be totally into guy ? SAM what be you talk about ? alyssa josh say ... SAM I be not gay . Sam glance down at himself ; alyssa look too . SAM ( cont 'd ) I mean , hello ! they both look up . alyssa I be wonder . SAM you be drive I crazy ! do you know what it 's like try to jack - off in a armoire ? alyssa not really . SAM you be off , you know ? you be way , way off . alyssa I think I be help you . SAM it would help I if I could kiss you . alyssa no , I do not ... no . I think we be just friend . SAM what you think , you know , do not have much to do with reality . I mean , I hope I be not the first to say that about you . alyssa okay , but then we will just be friend . okay ? SAM okay . I guess . Sam stand still , unsure of he next move . alyssa have you ever even kiss a girl ? Sam appear shocked she would even ask ; he have not , but she 's not suppose to know that . alyssa make the move , close the distance and kiss he . apart , it appear to be something they enjoy . Sam wrap he arm around she , press himself against she and kiss she again . after a few second of make out , Sam jerk once , then again as he back away . alyssa grimace as she glance down . alyssa ( cont 'd ) oh , yuck ! alyssa step into a corner of the shower as Sam turn around and rest he forehead on the tile . alyssa ( cont 'd ) you be scrubbing the shower down . ext . george' beach shack - afternoon George and Sam be on ladder , reinforce a window open on the second floor with a 2 x4 spline . Ryan and Adam be flat on they back on the grass with guster between they , dog-tire . Robin be at the grill with hamburger as alyssa prepare the table for dinner . alyssa you must have a really great husband . Robin glance up at alyssa . robin why be that ? alyssa just , I mean , well , you be here every single day . robin he 's at work while I be here . alyssa I guess I would just be jealous if I be he . robin well , he do not need to worry . alyssa if my kid and my wife be always at a ex-husband 's house , I would worry . robin he 's not the type to worry . Robin be slightly piss at alyssa grill she ; she flip the hamburger and call out : robin ( cont 'd ) let 's eat ! int . webber' live room - afternoon Music be play softly in the background . Peter be sit alone in a chair with a drink in hand . after a bit , lois walk in hold a can of pledge and a rag . lois I would be glad to fix you something . peter no , I be fine . lois nod and walk away . for all the presence of the room , Peter look small and fray in it - lose in he own house . ext . george' beach shack - afternoon lunch be over . Adam be wrestle with guster on the lawn . Robin be take money from she purse as George hand Sam the key to he truck . robin nothing R , okay ? ryan enough for drink , popcorn and candy ! adam and video game after ! robin Home after . ( to Sam ) will you come in and say " hi " ? Sam shrug , take the money and key as Ryan and Adam rush close to he . adam do we have to take she ? the three boy turn to watch as alyssa , now dress in a dress , walk across the lawn to join they . SAM definitely . it 's literally frightening how beautiful alyssa can look ; with she tan and white dress , Sam shutter . ext . pacific coast highway - late afternoon josh be peddle down the highway on he bike , sweat in the full afternoon sun . ext . george' house - late afternoon George be hewing a beam as Robin watch from a chair . robin I should go . George stop and wipe the sweat from he forehead . GEORGE maybe you should not come everyday . robin no . why ? I like to be with Sam . GEORGE it 's just that there 's less that Adam and Ryan can do anymore . ( beat ) I would hate to have they bored . Robin stand and walk to George . robin I know they be not much help , but they love come here , George . GEORGE how much time do they get to spend with they dad ? robin what be it with this ? they would not spend less time with Peter if they live here ! he have no time ! Robin walk away , then back - she 's frustrated . robin ( cont 'd ) do you know alyssa think something be up with we ? she 's give I crap about be away from Peter and now you be try to do the same thing ! what no one seem to realize be that Peter be not there ! he 's not there ! and when he be , he be not ! ( beat ) so , if you do not want I here , or you do not want my kid here , just tell I , George . I will stop come . but it will not be because of Peter . it will be because you ask I to stop . say what you need to say , because I be not leave until I hear it . GEORGE I would rather you not be here . in the distance , on the street , josh pedal past on he bike . robin I think we be help . GEORGE I can hire worker to help I . Robin nod , gather she thing , walk to she car , climb in and drive off . ext . colleen' house - late afternoon colleen be stand in the entry , talk to josh . colleen you can come in and wait if you would like . josh what friend do she go with ? ext . george' house - late afternoon Robin pull right back to where she be park and park again . she step out of the car talk . robin nothing be go on with we , be it ? GEORGE go on ? robin when I pick you up from the train station ... what you say . GEORGE what do I say ? robin that thing about I be the most , you know , beautiful person you have ever know . what be that ? GEORGE that be the truth . robin you have never say that before . GEORGE I will say a lot of thing I have never say before . it 's habit . robin it sound like a pick - up line . GEORGE I can not pick you up . Robin sit down , weight by the reason . robin I be marry . GEORGE you bit my finger . robin if I be not marry ? George want to answer quickly , dismiss the impossible and move on , but emotion catch he off-guard . he force a smile . GEORGE let 's not do this , okay ? robin I need to know . GEORGE you need to know what ? do I still love you ? Robin be surprised by the question . she nod she head . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) absolutely . there 's not a doubt in my mind that through all my anger ... my ego , I be faithful in my love for you . from seventh grade on . Robin raise she eyebrow - what a revelation . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) that I make you doubt it , that I withheld it ... that 's the great mistake of a life full of mistake . ( beat ) but the truth do not set we free , Robin . I can say it as many time as you can stand to hear it . and all that do , the only thing , be remind we that love be not enough . not even close . tear well in Robin 's eye as she stand . robin I should go . George nod - she should . Robin walk to she car , open the door ; she face George before climb in . George walk into the garage . int . george' garage - late afternoon George rummages through he sock drawer . pull out a fold sock and open it - the prescription bottle drop to the floor . he fill a glass and swallow three pill . int . robin be entry - late afternoon Robin open the door and head straight for the kitchen . peter ( o.s. ) all I be be what I have . Robin jump and search for the voice . Peter 's sit alone in the live room . peter ( cont 'd ) that sound pathetic , do not it ? robin what be you do home ? peter I always feel I could never marry you without first show you what a fabulous life you cloud live despite I . Robin take a few step into the room . robin you never really trust I . peter you live a fabulous life , Robin . robin despite you . peter I never ask for more . robin that 's the problem . peter please do not leave I . Peter stand and walk to she . Robin do not respond . peter ( cont 'd ) where be the kid ? robin Sam take they to a movie . peter I will be in the bedroom . Peter take she hand and kiss she cheek before walk down the hall . Robin stand still , try to assess the exchange . int . bedroom - evening in a bedroom we do not quite recognize , two people be in the throes of make love under a silk white sheet . woman ( o.s. ) oh God ! it 's hard to tell whose voice that be - robin' ? int . george' garage - evening George be in bed , awaken by a knock . GEORGE I fall asleep ! alyssa walk in , close the door behind she . alyssa Sam 's drop Adam and Ryan off . George be slightly out of it with oral morphine ; he tire to sit up , but settles for prop up he head . GEORGE can you keep Sam straight ? alyssa he 's not gay . I find out purely by accident , believe I . GEORGE I mean drug . ( catch up ) I think you say he be ? alyssa he would not use around I . I do not like any of it . GEORGE you be a good girl . alyssa I need to ask you something , Mr. Nelson . alyssa walk over and lie on the bed beside George . GEORGE you have to ask like that ? alyssa I want you to try something with I , okay ? GEORGE I have take a lot of morphine . oral morphine ... for my back . can I wait till I can say no and sound convincing ? alyssa lean forward and kiss he ; it 's a real kiss that last a lot longer than it should . and when it 's over : alyssa do you feel anything ? GEORGE maybe you tongue ... I do not know , my mouth be numb . why do you do that ? they both stare up at the ceiling . alyssa when you date my mom , I see you kiss she once . you look like such a good kisser . int . bedroom - evening it 's the couple make love again ; this time we be close enough to make out colleen 's face underneath josh , who be work with speed , if not exact precision . alyssa ( v.o. ) my mother would die . GEORGE ( v.o. ) let 's shut up and not kill she . colleen oh my God ! int . robin' bedroom - evening Peter have change and be on the bed ; he head propped up by pillow ; he stair blankly at the door . int . robin' live room - evening Robin be sit alone in the live room , in the same spot Peter have be sit earlier . int . george' garage - evening alyssa and George be still beside each other in bed . alyssa it 's not what I be expect . GEORGE what do you think it would be ? alyssa I do not know ... ( realize ) more like when I kiss Sam . alyssa sit up in bed . alyssa ( cont 'd ) more like that . she stand and grab he big toe . alyssa ( cont 'd ) thanks for you time . alyssa wave goodbye and leave . George be confuse by it all . int . colleen' bedroom - evening josh look as though he 's be strike by a hammer as he lay on he back with he mouth slack . under the sheet , low down , colleen be swallow she pride and show off she technique . a sudden blaring noise , a alarm , pierce josh 's throaty groan . colleen jump off the bed , the sheet still haunt she head . colleen oh my God ! get dress ! get dress ! int . colleen' kitchen - evening alyssa close the french door she enter through and rush to the alarm panel as the siren blare . int . colleen' bedroom - evening colleen and josh be frantically pull on clothes as the noise throw they off balance . int . colleen' kitchen - evening with the alarm off , alyssa walk to the entry . alyssa Mom !? int . colleen' bedroom - evening josh have pull on he underwear backwards ; only speed count . int . colleen be entry - evening alyssa glance around before head up the stair . alyssa hello ? int . colleen' bedroom - evening without a knock , alyssa open the door . the room be empty , but the bed be mess . alyssa Mom ? colleen ( o.s. ) here , honey ! alyssa walk to the master bath , follow the voice . int . colleen' bathroom - evening colleen be stand above josh , who be bent over on he knee , with a plunger in the bath . alyssa I completely forget . I be so sorry , josh . ( beat ) what be you do ? josh 's face be flushed red and bead with sweat . colleen I put he to work . alyssa what 's wrong ? it take a second for colleen to realize that alyssa be talk about the plumbing . colleen I could not get it to go down . alyssa and why be the alarm on ? colleen oh ... I set it to see if it would work . alyssa you would better call and cancel . colleen oh God , we do not want the police ! colleen be anxious as she rush out . josh stand and wipe the sweat from he forehead . alyssa what 's go on ? josh fumble and fidget , finally find a way out . josh what 's the deal with you and Sam ? int . robin' kitchen - evening Robin be fix dinner as we hear the front door open . Adam be talk as he rush into the kitchen . adam I get to play one video game for three hour straight ! Ryan enter right behind he . ryan would not you move to another one if the one you be play make you look stupid ? Robin check the entry to the kitchen - no Sam . adam that 's how you get thing right be to always try and never give up . huh , Mom ? robin I guess it depend on what you give up on . Robin 's face light up as Sam walk into the kitchen . SAM there be no pg 's . so I just give they money to play game . robin can you stay for dinner ? SAM depend on what I would give up on . Robin open the oven and show Sam a platter of lasagna . SAM ( cont 'd ) it look like a trap . Robin turn to Adam , excited at have Sam stay for dinner . robin go tell you father we be eat . ryan dad 's home , already ? robin in the bedroom . Adam take off in a run as Sam walk to the sink and wash he hand before grab a stack of plate for dinner . he arrange the five on the table and then head back for utensil as Adam run back in . adam he 's not there . robin he 's here . check the bathroom . adam I check everywhere . he 's not there . int . george' garage - morning guster 's at the door , whining . George and Sam be asleep . int . colleen' kitchen - morning colleen be sit alone at the kitchen table , drink coffee as alyssa walk in . alyssa what be you do up so early ? colleen I could not sleep last night . alyssa I be suppose to be mad at you , but I be not . colleen be tremble as alyssa pour herself a big bowl of lucky charm . colleen why ? what do you mean ? alyssa uh...use josh like that . alyssa eat she cereal as colleen burst into a confession . colleen I will never forgive myself . never , alyssa . I know I take advantage . it 's inexcusable . oh , God . I should have my head examine . alyssa look confuse as she swallow she lucky charm . alyssa he say you ask he to tighten you toilet seat , too . that 's so uncool . colleen quickly nod . colleen I will not do it again . I swear . alyssa keep a eye on she mother as she continue on with she cereal . ext . dokos house - morning guster be take a dump on the immaculate lawn . David dokos rush from the house dress in a suit and pick up the shit with a glove hand and heave it at guster as the dog trot back to safety . Tom and Barbara , the old early walker of the street , stop and watch as David pick up more crap and toss it onto George 's driveway . he notice Tom and Barbara . david mind you own fuck business ! Tom and Barbara stay silent as David dokos walk back into he house and slam the front door shut . ext . pacific coast highway - late morning josh be in eleventh gear on he ten speed peddle like a demon for the beck 's house . ext . george' house - late morning Robin pull to a stop and Ryan and Adam run from the Range Rover to Sam and alyssa , who be help a electrician ( dale ) install the outside box and socket . adam dad 's disappear ! ryan he be there and then he be not ! Sam face he mother as she walk toward the house . SAM he have not call ? adam who be you ? Robin shake she head " no " to Sam . Dale turn to face Adam . dale I be the electrician . adam I be the builder ! Sam turn back to finish what he be work on as alyssa grab Adam with a hug . int . george' garage - morning George be swallow two pill as Robin knock on the half open door , open it all the way in the process . robin be you back still kill you ? GEORGE I do not think you would come today . robin I keep think about it , what you say ... I hope you be try to keep I away for the sake of I . GEORGE no. mostly I . robin Peter leave I yesterday . GEORGE Left you ? robin no goodbye . no fuck you . no ' be you in love with George ? ' GEORGE what do he say ? robin ' I will be in the bedroom . ' Robin walk to George and hold on to he shirt . robin ( cont 'd ) I could not walk in there . ( beat ) so he leave . she rest the side of she head against he chest . he kiss she hair . outside , a hammer beat a reminder that they be not alone . the ocean drown the sound long enough for Robin to kiss George 's chin ; and in that instant , the instant where everything but the touch wash away , George kiss Robin with such punch that it knock they onto the bed . they continue to forget everything as they roll with the punch . SAM ( o.s. ) dad , Dale need to know .. Sam stop at the jamb of the open door as he mother and father scramble to they foot from the bed . GEORGE I have a kink in my ... as George falter , Robin feel compel to complete the lie . robin back . neck . back . GEORGE what ? SAM the door be open . robin ( a quick confession ) I do not know what I be do . SAM I would not let Adam or Ryan see you do it . GEORGE it will not happen again . George and Robin be flustered , embarrassed by be catch , something Sam clearly relish . SAM Dale want to know if we should run a outside outlet for Christmas light with a switch inside ? GEORGE absolutely . ( beat ) have he put it on a separate line . at Christmas , we will pact it so full of light , we will make God wear sunglass . Sam laugh , grab the door and close it on he parent . Robin slump , truly embarrassed . robin I could die . GEORGE so could i. George touch Robin 's chin , draw she head up . he stare at she , afraid to say what he need to say . robin be you go to kiss I ? GEORGE it 's not my back that 's kill I . Robin furrow she brow , not understanding . George surround she head with he hand and kiss she forehead . ext . george' house - morning Adam and Ryan be help Dale run the electrical line ; alyssa and Sam drill screw into the second story floorboard . music be play loud on the radio . another view josh stop peddle quite a distance from George 's house and get off to search for alyssa . only see Adam , Ryan and Dale , josh pull out he cell and dial . int . colleen' bedroom - morning frustrate and anxious , colleen slip off the dress she 's wear and try another one as the phone ring . ext . george' STREET - morning josh be stand behind a tree , talk on he cell phone as he stare at George 's house . josh I do not see she . ( beat ) please just open the door when I knock . he slip the phone back in he pocket , hop back on the bike and make a beeline toward colleen 's house . alyssa ( o.s. ) josh ? busted , josh have no choice but to join alyssa . josh I be hope ... you could .. you know . go for a ride ? alyssa and Sam be lean out the frame second story window . SAM on the handlebar or you shoulder ? alyssa be you afraid of height ? Sam walk away from the window and go back to work . josh not really . alyssa can you help we out ? josh my parent cut my allowance off . without a car , I be totally screw . alyssa George be pay Sam ten dollar a hour . Sam stick he head back out the window . SAM hey , I can get you three hundred cash for two hour . alyssa what ? josh be fume as he stare at Sam . SAM it 's just a joke . a stupid joke . josh I could use the money . Sam turn away from josh . George walk out the garage as he wipe he eye . alyssa hey , George ! I recruit some help for the roof ! George walk to josh and extend he hand . GEORGE George Nelson . josh josh . Adam race to George with a hug - something unexpected . Adam rush back to work as George break into a smile . alyssa rush down the stair and straight into George 's arm . alyssa I too ! George be still smile as he tuck a strand of alyssa 's hair behind she ear . Ryan sort of saunter over to George with he hand sink deep in he pocket . without ask , George wrap he arm around Ryan with a hug . afterward : ryan I just want to know where Mom be ? GEORGE oh. sorry . ryan it 's okay . GEORGE she need to be alone , I think . ryan because dad leave ? GEORGE she 's a little sad , be all . ryan I do not even care if he ever come back . Ryan walk back to Adam , who 's be stand still , listen . GEORGE josh , you look like you could use a hug . josh no ... I be okay . I be okay . George be too quick with he hug . josh be stiff as a board . Sam look piss as he walk away from the second story window and resume screwing the floorboard . George set he eye on Dale as he open he arm wide . dale do not even think about it . George walk toward Dale with he arm still extend . GEORGE well , they get I start . dale I swear to God , I will use this wire and shock you so bad you tongue will turn black . Adam and Ryan be excited as George close the distance . finally , Dale drop the harmless wire and take off in a run . int . colleen' kitchen - late morning colleen be pace the kitchen in a silky dress we have not see before . finally , she grab the phone . ext . george' house - late morning George be propped up on the chaise lounge next to the patio table where everyone have drop they crap . Sam and josh be sheet the roof with tarpaper . Robin be still in the garage . one of two cell phone on the table begin to ring . dale would you get it for I ? Dale be in the middle of wiring a box . josh ( o.s. ) just let mine ring ! GEORGE I guess ... I do not know . George pick up the offender , unsure whose phone it be . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hello ? int . colleen' kitchen - continuous colleen ( into phone ) where be you ? you be drive I crazy , wait like this . I want you in I now ! ext . george' house - continuous George nearly drop the phone ; he sit up straight . GEORGE ( into phone ) colleen ?! int . colleen' kitchen - continuous colleen sit down , panicked . colleen ( into phone ) i..i.. i.. George ?! ext . george' house - continuous George hold the phone out and examine it for a second . josh ( o.s. ) be it mine ?! GEORGE God , I hope not . dale ( o.s. ) that 's not mine . josh ( o.s. ) oh , shit ! josh trip , slip and slide off the roof to the ground below as alyssa let out a loud scream . int . colleen' kitchen - late morning colleen toss the receiver as though it be a ball on fire . ext . george' house - minute later everyone , include Robin , be circle around josh , who be sprawle on the ground . josh I be okay . I be fine . maybe I will go home . adam be that bone stick out ? robin do not move ! GEORGE I be a idiot to have you up there . josh no . it 's my fault . a ambulance be heard approach . colleen run from she house - she 's now dress more appropriately in Levi 's and a blouse . colleen I hear a scream ! josh if I could just stand up . alyssa josh fall . colleen stop a few foot short and cover she mouth with a tremble hand . GEORGE I think he might have break a leg . the ambulance silence the siren as it turn onto the cul - de sac and stop in front of George 's house . ext . george' house - early afternoon Robin , George and Sam be sit at the patio table as Ryan and Adam play catch with guster . GEORGE two rib , a finger , a leg , a bruise kidney and a mild concussion be not bad consider he land on brick . neither Robin nor Sam attempt a response . finally : robin I better get the kid home . GEORGE not a perfect day . Robin stand . George stand because Robin 's stand . without warning , Robin begin to cry again . Ryan and Adam stop play ball . Sam study she before finally lowering he eye . with she kid look on , George stand still , hesitant to comfort she . there 's a moment where all that there be , where the only thing see or hear be Robin 's pain . after a awkward amount of time , she wipe she eye , wipe she nose , cross around the table to Sam and kiss the top of he head , then he cheek . without a word , she walk to she car and climb in ; Ryan and Adam quickly join she in the car . int . george' garage - night George be brush he tooth , dribble and foam over the only sink in the garage . Sam be propped up in bed with guster , dress on top of the sheet , finger through a stack of CD 's . he glance over at he father twice before speak . SAM you look like shit , lately . George spit and rinse , face Sam as he wipe he mouth . GEORGE you look better than ever . SAM I do not think Mom care that much that my ... that Peter leave . GEORGE she seem upset . SAM what 's wrong with you back ? Sam try to look slightly less interested than he be by continue to flip through the CD 's . George sit down . SAM ( cont 'd ) I mean , do you need to have surgery on it or what ? because that pill you be take be for a lot of pain . and you be go through they quick . GEORGE be you take they still ? SAM no , but I count they . in a sock be not new , you know ? this be not easy for George ; he fumble a bit before answer . GEORGE I be have a problem with cancer . Sam stop flipping though the CD 's . SAM I do not know what that mean . what kind of problem ? GEORGE the kind where there be not really a answer . SAM I still do not know what that mean . GEORGE I want you here so we could have a few month together . maybe everything happen for a reason . something bad to force something good . Sam look somewhat panicked . SAM what ? be you die ? this be not easy for George ; he fumble a bit before answer . GEORGE I be have a problem with cancer . Sam stop flipping through the CD 's . SAM I do not know what that mean . what kind of problem ? GEORGE the kind where there be not really a answer . SAM I still do not know what that mean . GEORGE I want you here so we could have a few month together . maybe everything happen for a reason . something bad to force something good . Sam look somewhat panicked . SAM what ? be you die ? George nod he head . SAM ( cont 'd ) and you tell Mom today ? GEORGE yes . Sam whacks the CD 's off he stomach ; they scatter across the floor . guster scoot off the bed in a panic . SAM fuck you ! you know you be die from the start ! Sam bound out of bed in a rage . GEORGE we be all die from the start . ( beat ) I just get pick for Advanced placement . SAM you lie to I ! GEORGE I would have lie to I if I think I would believe it . SAM this be all for you sake , be not it ? have I here ? try to get I to like you . GEORGE I never try to get you to like I . ( beat ) I try to get you to love I . SAM well , congratulation ! you fuck pull it off ! Sam storm out of the garage . int . colleen be entry - night colleen pull a robe around she nightgown as the doorbell ring again and again . she flip on a light and open the door . Sam back away from the door as he talk . SAM be alyssa here ? colleen it 's midnight . what 's the matter , Sam ? SAM nothing . my dad 's die . I really need to talk to alyssa . alyssa ( o.s. ) Sam ? alyssa be lean over the upstairs railing . Sam walk up the stair as colleen close the door . ext . beach - early morning Sea lion romp on a rock offshore as gull circle above . the sun sheet the morning on the water that 's blind . int . alyssa' room - early morning alyssa be under the cover hold onto Sam , who be still dress . both be asleep . int . george' garage - early morning George be in bed in pain . a prescription bottle be open beside he and pill be scattered on the sheet . a knock on the door force George to gather the pill and hide the bottle . GEORGE it 's open . kurt the cop open the door dress in civilian clothes . kurt it 's my day off . I think I would help with the plumbing . GEORGE I need you to do I a favor . kurt ( concerned ) God , you look like crap , George . GEORGE I want you to find someone for I . ext . colleen' house - early morning colleen walk out she front door straight to she neighbor 's house . after a bit of ringing and a bit of wait , Tom ( of the walk Tom and Barbara ) answer the door in a bathrobe . colleen do you son still own a company that build house ? ext . george' house - late morning Dale be wiring with Adam and Ryan help . kurt , Robin and colleen be set up and sealing the plastic plumbing pipe . two new man ( greg and miguel ) be on the roof , finish up where josh fall down . music be play on the radio . George be asleep on the chaise lounge . alyssa walk across the grass and stop to stare at George . tear well in she eye . alyssa continue on to the house and walk up the stair . colleen he 's be asleep for hour . robin be Sam okay ? alyssa he will not leave my room . robin will he talk to I ? alyssa no . Robin accept the answer . slowly , they all return to work . montage the day be productive as we see the black drainpipe and the copper water run come together like a maze . the roof be shingle and the wiring be nearly complete . whether awake or asleep , George spend the day in the chaise lounge . ext . george' house - later a city inspector 's truck pull to a stop and Bob larsen step out with a clipboard and a concerned look on he face . George be doze on drug . bob you be not a plumber , kurt . kurt finish hook in a plugge tee at a turn and stand . kurt I work every summer with my dad . check out what I have do . bob it 's not whether it 's good or bad . you know that . it 's whether you license . frustrate , kurt glance around at all he good work before answer . kurt be you still rent that illegal non conform studio under you house for a thousand a month ? Bob open he clipboard and check a number of item off . bob okay . look good to I . kurt oh , that 's embarrassing . that be too easy . at least look around . I really do do it right . bob that be not why I be here , anyway . George wake up and quickly hone in on Bob . GEORGE I have be dread you . Bob walk toward George as he talk . bob Mr. Stevens . one of you neighbor be adamant you home have exceed its approve height . he 's file to have construction stop immediately . GEORGE it 's thirty foot . bob well , if it be , we have a problem . George stand , he appear slightly shaky . GEORGE I have the permit . bob after you last extension request and with Design Review and the board of adjustment and the appeal to the city council , be there a amend permit ? GEORGE to the patio and one north - face window ... ( suddenly realize ) and six inch to the height . George sit back down . everyone emerge from the house to join George and bob. GEORGE ( cont 'd ) David dokos ? Bob nod . kurt why do you let you dog crap on he lawn , day after day ? GEORGE I do not let he . he just love to . colleen he will make you tear the entire roof off rather than give you any satisfaction . bob I be afraid you will not be able to continue until this be settle . you can always go back and file a appeal . GEORGE that would take week . bob month . robin just so you know , we will be here work tomorrow and every day after until this house be finish . bob he will call we again and then he will call the police . he have a attorney on retainer . robin just so you know . Robin turn and walk back into the house . colleen , alyssa , Adam and Ryan soon follow . bob if he hear a hammer , he will have you arrest . Robin pick up the hammer and pound a nail into a piece of wallboard . Dale , miguel , greg and kurt walk back to the house and go back to work . Bob glance at George who shrug . int . colleen' family room - night colleen be watch the news as alyssa walk in to say goodnight . alyssa I be go to bed . colleen have he eat anything at all ? alyssa shake she head " no " as colleen flip on the tv . colleen ( cont 'd ) I would be more comfortable if he sleep in the guestroom . alyssa I would be more comfortable if you have not sleep with josh . and George would be more comfortable if he be not die . colleen be embarrassed alyssa know the truth . alyssa ( cont 'd ) Comfort do not mean that much when just get through the night be the goal , Mom . alyssa walk out . colleen curl up and hide clutching pillow on the couch . int . george' garage - night George be shaking and sweat as he try to crawl off the bed to he sock drawer . guster wake up and hop off Sam 's bed to lick George on the face . GEORGE please ... I can not . George be in real pain as he drop to the floor on he back . he wince and cry out as he push himself forward with he leg toward the dresser . George suddenly stop push ; he leg slump flat on the concrete floor . his eye flutter shut as guster continue to lick he face . int . alyssa' bathroom - morning alyssa be dress , comb through wet hair when the sound of construction distract she . she open she window and stick she head out . suddenly excited , she pull she head back in . int . alyssa' bedroom - morning Sam be in bed as alyssa speed out of the bathroom . alyssa there be like twenty people work on you dad 's house ! alyssa bolt for the door , but stop short as she face Sam . alyssa ( cont 'd ) if it be my father , I would wanna spend every second with he I have leave . Sam do not face she , do not even attempt to look up . SAM you hate you father . alyssa if he trick I into loving he , be what I mean . SAM you would hate he for the trick . alyssa not if what he leave I be real . alyssa leave , close the door behind she . Sam stay put . ext . george' house - morning colleen be talk to Tom and Barbara as they stand to the side of the house where a throng of man assemble the house . tom he pull this crew off a tract in Newport . they be the best . Robin pull to a stop on the street and Adam and Ryan run out to gawk at all the worker . robin what 's go on ? colleen I hire some help . robin why ? alyssa ( o.s. ) Mom ?! colleen glance back as alyssa run to join the group . colleen atonement . alyssa who be all this people ? robin where 's George ? colleen I think he 's still sleep . another view Robin walk to the garage door and knock . guster bark . Robin knock again before open the door . int . george' garage - morning guster be beside George on the floor . Robin rush in and kneel down . robin George !? she press she hand against George 's cheek . robin ( cont 'd ) wake up ... you be still warm . George 's eye flutter open . Robin lean down and kiss he on the cheek . George focus on Robin ; he try to speak , stop , and try again . finally , in a weak voice , we hear : GEORGE stop lick I . int . colleen be entry - morning alyssa burst into the house and rush up the stair . int . alyssa' room - morning Sam be sit on the edge of the bed as alyssa enter . alyssa you dad 's go to the hospital ! Sam do not respond . alyssa ( cont 'd ) come on ! alyssa hold out she hand as we hear the ambulance approach . SAM I do not wanna go . alyssa he ask where you be ! he want you with he . SAM I do not wanna go . Sam be nearly plead , frighten to move . alyssa walk out . the siren stop . the front door close . Sam sit still . ext . george' house - afternoon the house be come together incredibly fast with all the worker . Tom and Barbara be supervise the crew . David dokos whip around the corner in he black mercede and park in he driveway , rush over as he yell . david nothing be build until the board of adjustment hear the appeal ! David be search for George , finally settling for Tom . david ( cont 'd ) where be he ? tom I should have report you for toss that piece of dog doo . Tom 's face be flushed ; Barbara calm he by grab he arm . barbara Tom , let 's not overreact now . David dokos stomp he foot and thrust he fist into the air , as a child might if he be overreact . david I want this fuck piece of shit construction stop now and I want that goddamn roof rip off and lower and I do not care if I have to spend a shit load of money to get it do !! I will do it !!! Tom and Barbara simply stare at he in disbelief . David walk back to he house . Tom turn to he wife . tom I want this house finish before he can stop it . Tom roll up he sleeve and walk toward the house to help . int . colleen be entry - evening colleen and alyssa walk into the house listless - both look tired and sad . int . alyssa' bedroom - evening alyssa enter the room , walk into the bathroom . Sam be go . alyssa Sam ? int . robin' family room - evening Adam and Ryan be sit next to each other on the floor subdued , toss a ball to guster . the kitchen door open and Peter walk into the family room . Adam be the first to notice but the last to react . Ryan stand as guster bark . ryan guster , be quiet . Peter have a growth of beard and be dress in Levi 's and a knit shirt - he do not look like himself . peter hey . ryan hey . peter you get a dog ? ryan it 's not ours . it 's George 's . Peter nod . peter I have miss you guy . ryan why ? Ryan be tough - not give a inch . Peter stare at he son , ashamed that the question could be ask . Adam stand and walk to this father , take he hand . ryan ( cont 'd ) I will tell Mom you be here . int . hospital room - evening George be asleep , look dead with tube in he arm . we hear a bit of the song by Warren Zevon , " my shit' fucked up . " ' well , I go to the doctor / I say ' I be feel kind of rough ' / he say , ' I will break it to you , son , you shit 's fuck up . ' ext . george' house - evening Sam be alone on the roof in the fade light , string party light over the shingles and under the eve . int . robin' family room - evening Robin could not look worse as she walk down the hall to the family room with Ryan . Peter be stand alone . Ryan join Adam on the floor with guster . Robin stop and stand ten foot from Peter . peter I think maybe ... I know it 's late ... but if you be hungry ... ext . george' house - evening the sun have set as Sam stand at the edge of the cliff try to garner the courage to jump . after the sound of a wave crash against the cliff , Sam close he eye and leap off the edge of the earth . int . alyssa' room - evening alyssa be sit on the edge of she bed as colleen stop beside the open door . colleen be you do okay ? alyssa shake she head " no " . colleen walk into the room and sit down beside she daughter . alyssa rest she head on she mother 's shoulder . int . restaurant - evening Robin , Peter , Ryan and Adam be in the middle of dinner as Adam excitedly try to explain all that he and he brother have accomplish . adam and we get to take all the old paint off all the door and then George teach we how to stain everything and he even let I choose the color I like best ! and he say he love I ! ryan we do a lot of the wiring too . adam with Dale . oh , and I get to drill a hole into a board to put the wire through ! peter I have never hear you so excited about anything . adam maybe you can come help we too ?! peter I would like that . Peter glance at Robin . int . hospital corridor - night Sam be still wet as he walk down the hall . we hear more of the Warren Zevon song . ' I have a dream / ah , shuck , oh , well / now it 's all fuck up / it 's shot to hell . ' int . george' hospital room - night Sam enter the room as a nurse scurries to catch up . nur I be afraid no one 's allow in here now . SAM he 's my dad . Sam be stare at George , who be either asleep or unconscious . the nurse finally relent and walk out . Sam sit in a chair beside the bed and begin to cry . slowly , George 's arm slide out beyond the railing of the bed , he hand open . Sam do he best to stop cry . SAM ( cont 'd ) I bring you something . Sam pull out a pair of sunglass from he shirt pocket . George shake death and drug away as he manage to open he eye . GEORGE ( weakly ) I do not wanna go , Sam . SAM here . Sam gently slide the sunglass over he father 's eye ; he rush to the window and pull the curtain back . SAM ( cont 'd ) can you see ? Sam walk back to the bed and pull it toward the window , stretch the cord and tube to they limit . he grab the remote and raise George 's head . off in the distance , against the backdrop of a endless black ocean , George 's house be seemingly on fire with light . pain can not stop a smile . SAM ( cont 'd ) it 's almost do . George take hold of Sam 's hand with he own . they continue to stare at the light house hold hand . int . robin be entry - night the door open and Robin , Adam , Ryan and Peter be greet by guster , who bounce around like a wire rabbit . robin go brush you tooth and get right into bed . it 's late . Adam run to Robin for a kiss , then grab Peter with a hug . adam goodnight . peter goodnight . Adam run up the stair , guster right on he heel . Ryan be stare at he father . ryan do you know anything about building a house ? peter no . ryan I guess I could teach you some thing . peter okay . Robin sneak a quick kiss on Ryan 's cheek as he head for the stair . after he 's go , Robin turn back to Peter . robin I hardly recognize you with a beard . peter that be my plan ... to be hardly recognizable to you as I . robin I feel in love with George again . Peter nod , something he already know . peter I will see you tomorrow . Robin nod . there 's a moment where it 's clear that Peter do not want to leave and Robin do not want he to leave , but after the moment pass , Peter walk out and Robin sit down at the base of the stair . int . alyssa' bedroom - night colleen and alyssa be asleep together on the bed . ext . george' house - early morning Sam be up on a ladder , pound copper nail into cedar shingles that face the house . alyssa run across the grass . alyssa where be you ?! SAM float to catalina . alyssa what ? Sam step off the ladder . alyssa wrap she arm around he . Sam remove sleepy bug from alyssa 's eye before he kiss she . a police car stop in front of the house and kurt step out . alyssa and Sam turn to face he . kurt he say he hear hammer . SAM who ? before kurt can answer , David dokos storm out of he house and trudge toward they talk . david my attorney be drive down from Newport Beach . if I hear one more nail be hammer , I swear to God before this be all over I will end up owe this house ! as Sam be stare at David dokos , a hint of recognition cross he face . kurt Mr. dokos say that you father miss he height envelope by six inch . alyssa he want the entire roof take off and lower . SAM wait a minute . a wave of fear rush through David dokos that 's instantly visible . SAM ( cont 'd ) do you drive a black mercede ? david no . Sam figure out why we know David dokos - from the abort blowjob in the black mercede . david ( cont 'd ) I be go back to my house to wait for my lawyer . David start to leave , but Sam stop he with : SAM be you sure we need lawyer ? David 's face be sheet white as he force himself back around . SAM ( cont 'd ) because all we be really talk about be six inch , right ? david be you threaten I ? kurt what be you talk about ? SAM I be sixteen year old . I be underage . how could I possibly threaten you ? David dokos stare at Sam for a long time before glance at kurt and he police uniform for just a second . SAM ( cont 'd ) would you like to help we finish the house , Mr. dokos ? david yes , I would . kurt what the fuck ? SAM everything happen for a reason . that 's what my dad say . kurt then you tell I , what just happen ? SAM the payoff . Sam walk back to the ladder and hammer , leave kurt and alyssa confound . David take a step back . david I will just ... change clothes . Sam pound in another shingle as David walk quickly back to he house . int . george' hospital room - morning George be unconscious as Robin enter and sit down beside he with a video camera . robin I find the last time you be happy . Robin adjust the viewfinder and press play on the camera . George do not wake up . on the tiny screen , we see a young George in the ocean , he arm wrap around six - year old Sam ; he shield Sam from the wave and kiss he son 's hair . Robin rest the camera on the bed as the video continue to play . she take hold of George 's hand and begin to weep as she press she head on he chest . a envelope with Robin and Sam 's name on it rest on the nightstand beside the bed . int . george' house - morning twenty man along with Tom and Barbara , alyssa and colleen , Sam and David dokos be painting ; install window , floor or cabinet as the house begin to take its final shape . ext . george' house - morning Peter stop and step out of he car as Adam and Ryan race for the house . adam it 's almost do ! Sam walk out the front door . SAM do you guy feel like painting ? adam what color ? SAM Red . adam I love red ! that 's my favorite color ! Adam and Ryan walk into the house as Sam focus on Peter , who keep he distance . peter you do not look like you . SAM either do you . Peter glance down at he work clothes . peter I think I might be able to help , but it look like you have all you can handle . SAM do you like red ? Peter nod , hesitates for a moment before walk up the driveway to Sam . int . george' hospital room - afternoon George 's bed be empty , stripped of everything . Robin be still sit in a chair beside the bed , a letter rest on she lap . a nurse stop at the door . nurse be you sure we can not call anyone ? Robin shake she head " no " . the nurse move on . ext . george' house - late afternoon from the outside , the house be finish : window in , door on , roof shingle . the sun drop behind the house , cause a halo of bright light to envelop it . int . george' house - late afternoon most of the worker have go home , because most of the work be do . all the floor be hand - scrapped cherry ; huge beam and wood plank lend a strength to the ceiling . the kitchen cabinet be in ; the bathroom be complete . Sam , Ryan , alyssa , Adam and Peter be the only one leave . outside , we hear a car pull to a stop . adam Mom ! Adam and Ryan run down the stair . Peter stop clean a brush and walk to the window as Sam stand still . ext . george' house - late afternoon Adam run to Robin and meet she mid-yard with a hug . adam when do George get to come see he house ? robin it 's so beautiful . Adam and Robin be stare at the house . Ryan can see the strain on he mother 's face . ryan be George okay ? all Robin can do be shake she head " no " . int . george' house - late afternoon Sam back away from the window . Peter turn to face he . stand straight as he can , be as brave as he can , tear well in Sam 's eye as he softly shake . Peter walk to Sam and wrap he arm around he . GEORGE ( v.o. ) I always think of myself as a house . I be always what I live in . it do not need to be big . it do not even need to be beautiful . I just need to be mine . I become what I be mean to be . I build myself a life . I build myself a house . Sam cling to Peter , completely lose in sorrow . ext . george' house - late afternoon Adam and Ryan have they arm wrap around they mother as we pull back and watch the sun set the sky off in dazzle hue of orange and red . int . range rover - one week later Robin be drive with Sam beside she in a low - middle income neighborhood in Santa Ana . Sam be hold the letter . robin you be sure about this ? SAM yeah . robin you could keep it and rent it out ? SAM this be what he want . robin I read the letter . you read the will . he want you to keep it . to live in it some day . SAM then maybe this be not what he want , but this what he be hope for . ( beat ) maybe it 's what I want . it 's clear to see that Robin 's proud of Sam 's decision . she check a address on a piece of paper and pull to a stop . Sam step out of the car , hold the letter . ext . santa ana apartment build - morning Sam be shaking slightly as he walk up the crack concrete walk to the door . he ring the bell . GEORGE ( v.o. ) twenty - one year ago , my father cross a double-line . he change my life and the life of a little girl forever with that mistake . I just can not stop think about she . a woman in she mid-twenty open the door in she wheelchair . woman hello . Sam be very nervous as he reach in he pocket and pull out a set of key . SAM my father build you a house ... the woman be confuse as Sam hold out the key . ext . george' house - morning the house be majestic in its set among the tree and grass , on the jag just of rock that accept the constant crash of ocean against it with a solid permanence . this be where , if you be a house , you would want to be build . the end .