" life " screenplay by Robert ramsey and Matthew Stone shoot draft 1999 fade in : ext . prison cemetery -- day a handful of people be gather in a open field under a fierce Mississippi sun . a couple of young inmate , jake and leon , lean on they shovel . they be wait to bury two identical casket with inmate number stencile on the pinewood lid . a guard rest the butt of he rifle on the ground and take a long , healthy pull from he canteen . he offer it to the prison chaplain , who be much oblige . superintendent bill burke , a 40 - year - old black man , glance at he watch and loosen he tie . sure be hot . mary humphries , a elderly white woman in a nurse 's uniform , stand behind willie long , a ancient inmate sleep peacefully in a wheelchair . she readjust a umbrella to shield the old black man from the blister sun . burke dab he forehead with a handkerchief . he give the nod to the chaplain , who step forward and crack he bible . the man remove they hat . chaplain in accordance with the regulation of the State of Mississippi , we gather here today to lay to rest the remain of inmate R. Gibson , number 4316 , and c. bank , number 4317 . ash to ash , dust to dust . May God have mercy on they soul . burke go ahead , fella . the young inmate plunge they shovel into the dirt . one by one , the mourner head back toward a prison van park on a nearby dirt road . nurse humphries I will come back for you in a little while , Willie ... she leave Willie alone with Jake and Leon . he roll he chair up to the edge of the grave and gaze at the pinewood casket . jake this two guy friend of yours , old man ? willie we spend some time together . leon why do I get the feel when you say some time , you mean some time . willie I be already here a good many year when they come in in 1932 . leon 1932 ? that 's like , that 's like ... willie sixty - five year ago . they always say the farm could not hold them forever . look like you be finally free , boy . Willie pull a bottle of moonshine from he jacket and take a swig in they honor . jake hey , the dude 's holdin' . leon come on , old - timer , hook the brother up . Willie pass the bottle to Leon , who take a swig and wince from the unexpected kick . leon Hell of a way to get out . Heard they burn up in that fire yesterday . jake I see the body before they seal them up . they fella sizzle up good . look like some shit from the X - file . ( take a swig from the bottle ) damn , that shit 's nasty . willie Ray 's special recipe . he always have exact standard where the hooch be concerned . leon what be they , bootlegger ? Willie hold up the bottle , check the clarity of the liquor . willie something like that . match CUT to : ext . spanky' back alley ( 1932 ) -- night ray gibson hold up a similar bottle of liquor to a light over a door . Music come from within . he take a swig and stashes the bottle in he belt . he adjust he tie , polish he shoe on the back of he pants and rap on the door . int . spanky' -- night the speakeasy be jump , jamme with people . up on stage a hot jazz band be play backup for a seductive chanteuse . well - heele patron enter through door near the stage . in the back , at the end of a long hallway , a bouncer crack open the door and Ray squeeze inside . bouncer oh , no , Ray . not tonight . spanky 's not happy with you . ray be spanky here ? bouncer no , but ... ray then what 's the problem ? bouncer do yourself a favor and find another place where they let you in the front door . ray but this be where the action be and I have to be where the action be . look , when you old lady want that alligator shoe , do not I come through for you ? ai not she step in style now ? bouncer yeah ... ray well , alright then . what do you think about this new tie ? bouncer sharp . ray I look good tonight . and I feel lucky , too . Ray head inside . bouncer anyone ask , it be not I who let you in . Ray slide through the crowd , pause at the bar to nibble on the neck of a cocktail waitress . cocktail waitress do not even try it . ray when do you get off ? cocktail waitress I get off at two , but you be not never get off . she carry a tray of drink into the crowd . Ray shake he head in wonderment at she depart form . the barkeep step up as Ray pull out he bottle . barkeep you can not drink that in here , Ray . ray I sure can not drink that water - down swill you be serve . give I a glass of ice . barkeep I can not give you a glass of ice . I can not give you anything until you pay you damn tab . disregard the warning , Ray tilt the bottle back . shake he head , the barkeep move on to a pay customer . Ray 's eye follow a bottle of french Champagne as it be deliver to a nearby table . here sit the straight - lace claude bank with he girlfriend , daisy . she 's enjoy the show . he 's polish the silverware . the waiter pour two glass of champagne and leave the bottle on ice . Claude regards he glass skeptically . claude for the kind of money they charge here , you would think they could hire somebody to actually wash the dish . daisy Claude . here 's to you new job down at the bank . I always know you would make something of yourself . claude know what I be go to buy with my first pay check ? Daisy think she do . she lean in , eye twinkle . claude season ticket to the yankee . right there on the first base line . ( off she disappointment ) what 's wrong , baby ? daisy I be hope you be gonna say a engagement ring , Claude . french Champagne shoot out of Claude 's nose . claude engagement ring ! daisy that 's what respectable folk do . get a job , get marry , start have baby . that 's what you want , be not it ? claude sure it be . I just do not see any reason to rush into thing . damn , look at this shirt . I will be right back . Claude lean in to kiss Daisy on the lip . she offer she cheek . he depart . over by the bar Ray watch Claude make a beeline for the men' room . int . men' room -- night Claude step into the bathroom and approach the sink . a big hand fall on he shoulder and yank he backwards into a stall ... int . stall -- night Claude be shove down on the toilet by two bag men in suit . suddenly , it 's crowded in here . bag man # 1 congratulation , Claude . we understand you finally get yourself a job . bag man # 2 guess that mean you can pay Mr. riley the fifty buck you owe he . they rifle through Claude 's jacket and quickly find he wallet . claude now wait a second , guy . I have get a bill to pay out there . bag man # 1 twenty - two dollar . not bad for a start . they toss back he empty wallet . claude come on , fella , that 's two week pay . I be here with my girl . you gotta leave I something . bag man # 2 how about you leg ? claude my leg ? that be good , I will keep the leg ... the stall door swing shut as the bag man depart . int . spanky' -- night on he way into the Men 's room , Ray squeeze past the bag man on they way out . int . men' room -- night glancing around , Ray spot Claude 's foot under the stall door . he step up to the sink , wash he hand and take a towel from the attendant . scan the assortment of groom product , he select a bottle of cologne and take a sniff . ray ( displease ) you have any of that french stuff ? as the attendent bend down to retrieve a bottle of the good stuff , Ray palm a coin from the tip basket . attendent here you go . Ray offer the quarter , a gesture of uncommon generosity . ray keep the change . attendent why , thank you , sir ! Ray pat the cologne on he face . a toilet flush and Claude step over to the sink . Ray catch he eye in the mirror . ray do not I know you ? claude I do not think so . ray sure I do . what 's you name again ? claude Claude bank . ray Claude bank . how could I forget that ? you have get to remember I . Ray Gibson . we go to high school together . claude you go to Monroe ? ray ( beam ) that 's right ! good old Monroe ... Ray throw he arm around Claude , deftly snatching he wallet . Claude extract himself from Ray 's embrace . claude well , I go to jefferson , so you must have a different Claude bank in mind . Claude straighten he jacket and head for the door . Ray stashes the steal wallet in he jacket . ray sorry , man . my mistake . int . spanky' -- night on the stage , the chanteuse have downshift into a sultry number about back - door lover and break dream . Ray step out of the men' room and be instantly collare by bullethead , a man who make he live be large and threaten . ray watch the thread , bullethead . if this be about my tab , I have get it cover . press up against the wall , Ray reach into he jacket and produce Claude 's wallet . bullethead snatch it , inspect it and be not impressed . bullethead this be not about you tab , Ray . you have get bigger problem than that . he stuff the wallet back into Ray 's jacket and hustle Ray out the back door past the bouncer who let he in . bouncer be that Ray Gibson ? who the hell let he in here ? back at claude' table Claude return to the table where Daisy be sip champagne . he take the glass out of she hand . claude come on , honey , let 's get out of here . daisy but I be have a good time ... waiter Excuse I , sir , I believe you forget this . the waiter present Claude with the bill . claude the bill . of course , the bill . we could not leave without pay the bill . especially such a incredibly large bill . int . van -- night Claude be shove into the back of the van and the door be slam behind he . he bang and shout , but it 's no use . ray save you energy , Claude . you be gonna need it . Ray be stretch out against the back wall . Claude be knock to the floor as the van lurch into motion . ray here , this belong to you . ( toss Claude he wallet ) it be empty when I find it . claude good old Monroe . Ray swig from he bottle and offer it to Claude , who be not interested . ray what I want to know be what happen to you cush between the time that you get up from the table and when I catch up with you in the johnny ? claude I do not see where that 's any of you business . ray do that two muscle head shake you down ? swear I have see they down at the track with sure-shot riley . that 's it , be not it ? a gambling debt . busted , Claude snatch the bottle and carefully wipe off the neck before tilting it high . Ray get a good chuckle out of this straight cat in the bow tie . claude where they take we , anyway ? ray probably to spanky 's headquarters down at the pier . claude good , I be look forward to meeting this spanky . give I a chance to straighten out this whole mess . ray I can not wait to see that . you slay I , man . ext . pier -- night the van pull into a the load bay of a warehouse at the end of a short pier on the harlem River . int . warehouse -- night bullethead and a henchman pull Ray and Claude from the back of the van . they find themselves in a dark warehouse fill with crate of contraband . claude ( sotto ) what be they gonna do to we ? ray you ? dine and ditch , right ? ( Claude nod ) over ten buck ? ( he nod again ) you be probably look at a thumb . claude a thumb ? what do you mean , like cut it off ? for ten buck ? ( Ray nod ) that include the tip ? Claude shove he hand under he armpit at the sound of approach footstep echoing across the vast space . Claude and Ray peer into the darkness . spanky ( from the darkness ) you pick the wrong night to fuck with I , Ray . I just lose three man and a truck full of canadian whiskey . you know what that kind of thing do to my business ? it make I want to lash out and hurt somebody . spanky johnson emerge into the light . he use a small silver spoon to take a ample snort of cocaine into each nostril . he glance at Claude . spanky who 's he ? friend of yours , Ray ? claude I never see this man before tonight . he 's a lowlife degenerate who lurk in bathroom . I be a professional man , a upstand citizen . I go to church on Sunday . spanky then what be you do here ? bullethead failure to pay . claude ( rattle ) look , Mr. Johnson , you seem like a reasonable man . I get a good job start Monday . I will pay you back with my first pay check . with interest . I do not want to tell you how to conduct you business , but if you cut off my finger you will not get jack . work a add machine , I gotta be whole . ( he finger dance over imaginary key ) I need my thumb and all my finger for praying and do good ... spanky hold up a hand , silencing Claude . spanky the choirboy want to keep he finger . who be I to argue ? Drop he . claude Drop he ? what do drop he mean ? Claude protest loudly as bullethead and the henchman bind he hand and foot . spanky turn to Ray . spanky you gotta lotta ball show you face around my club . if a man 's gonna run number on my side of Broadway , you think he would have the common sense to keep a low profile . but not Ray Gibson . the goons hoist Claude up on another pulley and dangle he head first over a hole in the floor . several foot down , the harlem River lap against the wooden pylon . claude no , not down there ! that water 's filthy ! help I out here , man ! shrugge , Ray pinch he nose and puff out he cheek . the goons release the rope and Claude plunge into the water . spanky turn back to Ray . ray you do not have to drow that fella , spanky . you already scared he half to death . he do not know who he be fuck with . spanky but you do . what do that say about you , Ray ? what do that say about I ? I have give you a lot of leeway over the year on account of you father . but he do not last long enough to teach you the meaning of the word respect so I guess I be gonna have to school you myself . ray come on , spank , I be just try to get by here . you remember how it be when you be start out . the henchman yank on the rope . Claude emerge from the hole , gasp for breath . claude I be suppose to wear this suit on Monday ! the henchman release the rope , send Claude back into the water . Ray reach into he jacket . bullethead pull a gun and press it into Ray 's temple . Ray give he a look and cautiously pull out he bottle . spanky what 's that , some of you bathtub brew ? ray Puerto rican rum . see for yourself . Ray toss he the bottle . spanky uncork , sniff , sample the goods . he 's impressed . spanky where would you get this ? ray come up the Mississippi . I can get more . a lot more . I be think about go into business for myself , but under the circumstance , I would be willing to take on a partner . once again , the henchman yank on the rope and Claude come up suck air desperately . he release the rope , submerging Claude for a third time . spanky I be interested . keep talk . ray all I need be the front money and a truck . I could be back in two , three day top if I have somebody to share the drive . spanky consider the term . can he afford to trust Ray ? can he afford not to ? spanky if you fuck I on this one , I will spare no expense . ray understood . spanky alright , Ray , you have get a deal . pick you man and get go . Ray glance around . the pulley rope be still twitching in the water . ray I will take the little choirboy , if you do not mind . spanky if I be you , I would want somebody who can handle himself in a tight spot . ray I just want somebody who will not put a bullet in my back once the truck be full . spanky see Ray 's point . he nod to the henchman , who hoist Claude 's limp body out of the water and onto the cement . spanky plant a foot on Claude 's chest and apply pressure . a geyser of harlem River water shoot from Claude 's mouth as he sputter back to life . spanky for you sake , I hope you can drive . somebody give he some dry clothes . CUT to : the spinning wheel of a truck the camera move up the side of the old Ford truck to find Claude sit pensively in the passenger seat . int . truck ( moving ) -- night Ray palm the wheel . ray tell I about that hot sketch you be hypin ' last night . she be a choice bit of calico . you two be see each other a long time ? gonna slap the handcuffs on she and stroll down the aisle one of this day ? tight -lipped , Claude shift in he seat . ray sometimes I wish I could find I a sheba to settle down with . suppose I be just a tomcat by nature . ( try to fill the silence ) this little rum run be gonna seriously improve my relationship with spanky . he 's a good man to have on you side . he 's get the capital and the connection . that 's what you get to have in that business . spanky 's place be pretty plush , but one of this day I be gonna open up my own establishment . Ray 's boom - boom room . you like that ? Ray 's boom - boom room . that 's in the groove , do not you think ? if Claude do like it , he 's not let on . ray come on , daddy -o . you have not say a word since we start . least you could do be make some friendly conversation . claude look , man , I do not want friendly conversation . I do not want to be you friend . I have see you friend and I do not like they . I just want to do this thing and get back to New York in time to start my job . ray start you job ? what kind of job ? claude well , if you must know , bank teller at first Federal of Manhattan . I be responsible for keep track of hundred , occasionally thousand of dollar . ray that 's some long green . claude damn straight , it be . I get my own set of key because I be suppose to open up . so if I be not there 8 a.m . Monday morning , there 's gonna be hell to pay . beat of silence . Ray laugh to himself . claude what ? ray nothing . claude no , tell I what 's so funny . ray I do not know . Bank teller . sound like lady work to I . claude well , maybe I should dig around in other people 's clothes for money . it 's obviously be highly successful for you . ray hey , you would be surprised what you find in other people 's pocket . just gotta avoid they deadbeat bank teller . get you every time . claude I do not start out to be a bank teller . I be gonna be a ballplayer . even have a offer to play short for the Newark eagle . ray why do not you take it ? claude the negro League do not pay so good . and you be always on the road . that do not wash with Daisy . ray you give up baseball to be a bank teller ? I can not latch on to that . claude at some point a man 's get to get serious about he future . I be sure you have no idea what I be talk about . ray you be talk about give up baseball to be a bank teller . claude Bank teller 's just a start . I get plan . Real plan . not open some Zoom -boom room . this time next year I will be a loan officer . ray a loan officer ? claude that 's right , a loan officer . ray so you mean , if I need some jack to get my nightclub up and run , I would have to hype some square like you ? claude uh-huh . Ray pull out he pocket watch . a mechanical tune play as he check the time . ray how would I get a loan , anyway ? claude you need collateral . ray ( be : watch ) like this ? claude that thing ? who would you steal it from ? ray my daddy give I this watch . claude yeah ? who would he steal it from ? ray my daddy be dead so watch you mouth . you can say what you want about I , but do not be drag my daddy into it . this watch mean the world to I . solid gold . keeps perfect time . claude look like a fake to I . loan deny ! Ray stuff he daddy 's watch back in he pocket . ray ah , go chase yourself . I will take my business elsewhere . and for future reference , you be no longer welcome at Ray 's boom - boom room . claude there be no boom - boom room . ray when there be , you can forget about it . and I swear to God , you ever talk about my daddy again I be gonna kick you bank - tell , loan - deny ass , you get I ? claude oooh ... ray I think I like you better when you keep you trap shut . ext . roadside diner -- day the truck veer off the highway and jerk to a halt in front of the rundown establishment . int . roadside diner -- day a dozen white folk look up as Ray and Claude push through the door . ray man , something smell good in here . how 's everybody do ? nothing but sullen stare from all corner of the room . claude ( sotto ) maybe we oughta find another place . ray be you kid ? tell I you do not want a slice of that pie right over there . claude I must have leave my appetite outside , which be where I think we ought to be right now . Claude tug Ray towards the door but Ray will not be dissuade . he boldly address a young man in a apron behind the counter . ray good evening , billy . we would like some coffee and a couple of slice of that homemade pie you have get advertise . billy how you know my name 's billy ? ray it say so right there on you shirt . billy ( glance down ) that what that say ? billy 's mama set a piping hot pie on the back counter and step up next to she son . she cast a disparage glance at Claude 's suit . mama if you boy can read so good , how come you miss that sign in the window ? Claude consider the sign she 's point to . claude you mean this sign ? the one that say " no colored allow . " that 's a good question . Ray , how come we miss the sign ? ray look , mar 'am , we have be drive all day . we would just like to purchase one of that pie and we will be on we way . mama that be white - only pie . ray get any nigger pie ? Claude jab he . claude any fool could see that be white - only , not - for-black , come - on - let 's - get - the-fuck -outta-here pie . thank you very much . Claude start tug Ray toward the door . ray ( sotto ) thanks for back I up here , uncle Claude . claude ( sotto ) do not uncle Claude I . you get a load of that cracker ? could not be a mouthful of tooth among the bunch of them . why you want to pick a fight with people like that for ? ray you be soft . claude what would you say ? diner patron stare . ray I say you be soft . claude hey , man , do not ever call I that . ray I call it like I see it , and what I see be definitely soft . Claude narrow he eye . claude alright . you want some pie ? ray yeah , I want some pie . claude okay then , I be gonna walk over to that counter and get we some fuck pie . resolved , Claude stomp over to the counter . claude Excuse I , mar 'am , I bet a brick will turn that one right there into a color pie . Claude lay down a dollar bill . mama casually pull a shotgun from under the counter . mama and I bet this right here will turn you into a color pie . claude okay , Ray , I think we can go now . much oblige ... Ray give the whole place a cool once - over as Claude pull he out the door . mama turn to billy , still study the stitching on he shirt . mama do not be concentrate so hard , baby . you be liable to seize yourself again . ext . dock -- night the truck roll up to the water edge . Ray kill the engine and flash the light twice . in the passenger seat , Claude be fast asleep . after a few moment , a fat man appear , shine a flashlight into the cab . ray how you do ? we be look for slim . slim you find he . Ray cock a eyebrow . ext . dock -- night under cover of darkness , a couple of men finish load crate into the bed of the truck . Ray and Claude keep they eye peel for the law . down by the river , they can see light and hear music from a district of rowdy juke joint . slim step up , wiping he hand . slim that 's it , fella . thirty six case of Puerto Rico 's finest . at five buck a case , that 's $ 180 . Ray pull out a wad and slap it in slim 's sweaty palm . the fat man start count it out . ray man , that music be hot . what go on down there , slim ? slim that 's natchez-under-the-hill . ray black welcome there ? slim Green 's the only color that matter under the hill . they get gambling , girl . you oughta check it out . ray maybe we will . Nice meeting you . slim slip into the shadow . claude Nice meeting you ? you have be here before , have not you ? ray what give you that idea ? claude oh , I do not know , maybe because we life depend on it , I just sort of think you know what you be do ! ray do not get all agitate on I . I buy a bottle of rum from a couple of dude , I hear them talk ... claude let I get this straight . we drive all the way down to klan country ' cause you hear a couple of guy talk ? ray what be you complain about ? it work out . everything 's cool . now , come on , let 's head down there and see what 's shaking . we deserve a little reward . claude ( dubious ) reward ? ray there be people down there have fun . I want to be one of they . I want you to be one of they . on Monday you can be a bank teller if you want , but tonight you be a bootlegger with a truck full of Puerto rican rum and a fistful of cash . a look of excitement cross Claude 's face , but he quickly shake it off . claude that 's gas money . exasperate , Ray stuff a few bill into Claude 's pocket . ray there 's you gas money . you stay here and watch the truck . and do not worry , I have get the key . Left alone , Claude mutter and kick at the dirt . he lean against the truck . up ahead / ext . juke joint -- night Ray emerge from the wood and head down the hill toward the juke joint . Claude hustle up next to he . claude I be just gonna keep a eye on you , make sure you do not do nothing stupid . int . juke joint -- night a ramshackle de of iniquity on the bank of the Mississippi . the band be lay down some serious Delta blue , create a invite atmosphere for sin and moral corruption . on a far side of the room , Ray be play poker with some local . he seem to be have a bad night . winston hancock , a formidable black man , sweep in another big pot and puff happily on he cigar . over at the bar perched on a stool , Claude shoot a dark look at Ray and motion for the door . Ray wave he off and return to he game . Claude become aware of a soft , young female hand on he shoulder . sylvia I have never see you in here before . claude ( stare at the hand ) that 's because I have never be here before . sylvia I be sylvia . what 's you name ? against he better judgement , Claude 's gaze follow the long , slender arm up past a bare shoulder and settles on sylvia be angelic face . he be strike dumb . sylvia can not you remember you own name ? claude I know it begin with a " C " ... sylvia well , Mr. " C " , how about buy a girl a drink ? ( to the bartender ) two bourbon . claude I really should not . I gotta keep a eye on my friend . sylvia he look like he can take care of himself . the drink arrive . she place a shot glass in Claude 's reluctant hand . she wink provocatively and slowly pour the whiskey down she throat . instinctively , Claude toss back he shot . claude Claude . that 's my name . Claude . that 's never happen before . sylvia you be cute . you have any money , Claude ? claude ten dollar . but I need it to get home . sylvia why would you want to go home ? it 's so early . the bartender refill they glass . back at the poker table Winston consider he card , hardly look up as a waitress lay down a cocktail napkin and set a drink down on top of it . he glance at Ray , who casually consider he card . ray I will take two . the dealer toss Ray a couple of card . insert -- Ray fan he card to reveal a full house . after consider the other player at the table , Ray push what 's leave of he money into the center of the table . the three other player fold with disgust . Winston squint long and hard at Ray , then push everything he have into the center of the table . winston I will see that ... Winston reach into he jacket and throw down some more money on the pile . winston and while we be at it , let 's sweeten the pot . ray look like my sugar bowl 's empty , Mr. hancock . winston ( reach for the pot ) that 's just too damn bad , be not it ? ray now , hang on , slick . I be not through with you yet . Ray check he card again . he look at the pot , it 's a lot of money . with this hand , there 's no way he can lose . he place he daddy 's pocket watch on top of the pile . Winston check the time piece . winston that will cover it . Ray lay down he hand . ray full boat , lady do the paddle . winston four three . Ray sit back , stunne . Winston rake in he winning . the game be over for the night . the three other player head to the bar . winston do not take it too hard , New York . have a round on I . Winston toss a silver dollar to Ray , who snatch it out of the air . Winston drop he hat on he head and move through the crowd and out the door . waitress can I get you something ? Ray shake he head . carefully , she begin to clear the table . suddenly , he grab she wrist . Winston 's glass tip over . Ray flip over the cocktail napkin to reveal a extra pile of card . ray look like he have a whole lot of nothing in he hand until you come along . waitress ( wrenching free ) you be hurt my arm . ext . juke joint -- night Ray dash into the street , glance both way . no sign of Winston . damn . ext . back alley -- night Winston produce Ray 's pocket watch and pop it open . a smile cross he face as the mechanical tune play . a sheriff 's sedan round a corner , illuminate Winston in its headlight . the car pull up and sheriff warren pike step out . distinguish by a casual cruelness , he 's a young white man who love he uniform . pike if it be not Winston hancock . Winston try to move past Pike , but the sheriff block he path with a night stick . as Winston back off , another squad car pull up behind he . two deputy step from the car , gun draw . pike I think we agree that you be gonna leave town . winston I try to leave , sheriff Pike . but you wife begge I to stay . Pike slam Winston with he club , send the black man to he knee . as Winston struggle back to he foot , a stiletto flash and he lunge for the sheriff , slashing he cheek . the deputy grab Winston from behind , hold he by both arm . the long knife clatter to ground . Pike touch he face , examine the blood on he finger . pike you just commit suicide , boy . int . bordello hallway -- night Ray walk slowly down the hallway to room 13 . he be about to knock when he hear the sound of lovemake from within . int . sylvia' bedroom -- night Ray open the door and peek in . sylvia 's on top and in charge . Claude be concentrate real hard . Ray smile to himself and close the door . int . juke joint -- night Claude hitches up he suspender as he come down the stair . he find Ray have a drink at the now -empty bar . claude hey , Ray . I have be look for you . ray here I be . claude guess we better get go , huh ? ray still get that ten dollar ? claude well , not exactly . see , I meet this girl . Real nice girl . god-fear girl . her name 's sylvia . ray that jelly you be talk to right here ? claude she 's in a tight spot . her mama need this operation , and they be not get the money for it . they church take up a collection but they be still short ... ray so you make a generous contribution . claude what can I say ? when the spirit move I . ray that be mighty charitable of you , Claude . look like we both get fuck tonight . claude what be you talk about ? ray while you be upstairs do God 's work , I be get jack - legge by a fool with four three . claude you lose all we money in a card game ? ray he even get my daddy 's watch . claude fuck that cheap - ass watch -- ( off Ray 's glare ) I mean , how the hell be we gonna get home without any money ? ray we have still get 36 case of rum . that 's better than money . ext . back alley -- night Ray and Claude head down the alley . claude you sure the truck 's this way ? ( look over he shoulder ) I swear it be back that way . suddenly , the bloody figure of Winston hancock lurch from the shadow and grab Claude by the lapel . Claude be too scared to scream , staggering backward . but the man 's grip loosen and he slip to the ground . claude ( croaking ) Ray ... yo , Ray ...! Ray turn back to find Claude tremble with fear and cover in blood . he just point down . Ray eye widen . he kneel down and turn Winston 's body over . claude I think he 's hurt pretty bad . ray he 's dead . claude oh , man , I have never see a dead body before ! much to Claude 's horror , Ray start rifling through Winston 's pocket . claude what do you think you be do ?! the man 's be dead for two second ! do not you have any respect ? ray it be not here . claude what be not there ? ray my daddy 's watch . this be the dude I be tell you about -- suddenly , the glare of two bright headlight from a pickup truck freeze Ray and Claude in a guilty tableau . five white men appear at the end of the alley . man with lantern what 's go on here ? Ray gingerly release Winston 's lifeless body . man with lantern what 's wrong with that one ? ray him ? he 's just drunk . claude yeah , nobody put them away like old what 's-his -name . ray Winston . his name 's Winston . claude come on , Ray , better get Winston back to the truck . Claude and Ray hoist Winston 's body to its foot . the man raise he lantern , take a closer look at Winston 's face . man with lantern this fella look dead . Ray and Claude check for themselves . claude would you look at that , Ray . Winston up and die on we . ray Hell with he then . if he can not share the drive , he can not ride in the truck . man with lantern he can ride with we . suddenly , the man all have gun . and they be point at Ray and Claude . man with lantern so can you . int . natchez jail -- night in a hold cell , Ray test the window bar . solid . meanwhile , Claude sit on a cot brood darkly . through the bar , we see the redneck laugh and pass around a bottle of bootleg rum with the deputy on duty . ray man , this be gonna delay everything . spanky 's gonna be piss . claude spanky 's gonna be piss ? poor spanky . fuck spanky ! what the hell kind of a name be spanky , anyway ? you be responsible for this situation . I blame you for everything . if it be not for you , I would be home have a hot meal right now . ray if it be not for I , you would be wash up on the beach at coney Island right now . ( mock Claude ) " I need all my thumb and finger for praying and do good . " the jailhouse door open and sheriff Pike walk in . he pause to give the prisoner the once-over . there 's a fresh bandage over the cut on he cheek . pike what do we have here ? deputy billy Bob and the boy find they down down under the hill with Winston hancock . he be dead . look like murder . pike you do not say . deputy look like they be run rum . get thirty six case of evidence out back . you want I should call in the federal prosecutor ? pike let 's not drag the fed into this . I can think of better use for that rum than let it collect dust in some government warehouse up in Nashville . Pike wink at he deputy , then turn to regard the prisoner . pike besides , why bother with bootlegge when we get we a clear cut case of murder ? ray Excuse I , sheriff . as we explain to you associate here , there 's be a mistake . we do not kill anybody . now , as for the bootlegge , we happen to work for a very important man in New York . claude that 's right . do the name spanky Johnson mean anything to you ? pike afraid not . ray Mr. Johnson be very well connect . if you be to let we go , I guarantee he would show you he appreciation , if you know what I mean . pike be you offer I a bribe ? ray I be just try to pay the toll on the road to justice . pike you may be able to buy you way out of trouble up in New York City , but down here we take murder seriously . claude look , man , how many time we gotta tell you people , we do not kill that guy ! pike well , if that 's the case , then you do not have anything to worry about , do you ? Pike turn he back on the prisoner and check the time on a gold pocket watch -- Ray 's pocket watch . but from he cell , Ray can not hear the mechanical tune . pike time to get home to the missus . see y'all in the morning . in the cell , Claude turn to Ray . claude the man 's gotta point . we be innocent , after all . I just gotta get a good night 's sleep on this filthy mattress . keep we head on straight , stay cool , what 's the worst thing that could happen to we ? smash CUT to : int . courtroom -- day the camera scorsese in on the judge's face ... judge life ! the gavel come down with a thunder crash . stun , Ray and Claude resist the bailiff ' effort to remove they from the courtroom . ray life ?! how long be life ? we be just walk back to the truck . we do not do nothing ! fuck life ! claude life ?! what 's life mean ? there 's no way I can do life . I get a job start Monday morning ! they continue to protest loudly as they be drag bodily through the door . ext . countryside -- day blue music kick in as a prison transport bus roll down a dirt road cut through the bleak Mississippi Delta . int . bus ( moving ) -- day long -chain charlie , a white prison sergeant , sit behind the wheel . a shot gun hang within easy reach . the camera move back past grim - face prisoner with they hand and foot shackle . we arrive at Ray and Claude sit in grim silence as the bus lurch along . ext . prison -- day the bus veer off the country road and pass under a sign : MISSISSIPPI state penitentiary . sgt. Dillard 's voice plays over . dillard ( v.o. ) welcome to the farm . here you will be provide with ample opportunity to repay you debt to society through the rigor of hard labor ... Ray and Claude stare out the window , get they first look at the harsh reality that await they . cotton field stretch to the horizon in every direction . hoe - gang till the earth under the watchful gaze of trusty shooter ... dillard ( v.o. ) in between harvest and plant season we get field need clear , road need building and ditch need digging . you will eat only what you can grow . you crop do not come in , you will go hungry . if you die , do not worry ' bout we none . we will find somebody to replace you ... along the road , convict cast hard look at the new man as the cart pass . a white sergeant on horseback shift he rifle and casually spit tobacco juice in the dirt ... ext . camp 8 -- day a low -slung , single - story bunkhouse surround by a dirt yard . two shooter shack sit at diagonal corner of the yard . in each shack , two trusty with rifle keep vigilant watch over the camp . sgt . fred dillard pace down the line of new man as hoppin ' bob , a uncommonly ugly trusty , unlock they leg iron . dillard this here be Camp 8 . Camp 8 be for incorrigible , so whatever you have do to get here , believe I , we be not impressed . you new man be probably notice that we have no fence here at Camp 8 . we do not need no fence , we have the gun line . it run from shack to shack clear around the yard . you be now inside the gun line . if you step outside the gun line without my permission , you will be shot . if you trip and fall over the gun line , you will be shot . if you spit , if you pee , if you stick you ass out and take a dump over the gun line , you will be shot . Dillard pluck a hat off one of the new prisoner and toss it over the gun line . shot ring out from the nearest shack . the hat be tear to shred . dillard one of my trusty put a bullet in you when you be try to run , I be liable to give he a pardon for save I the trouble of tracking you down , so you can bet they aim be true . Dillard put a cigarette in he mouth . hoppin ' Bob be right there with the flame . dillard my name be sgt. Dillard . in the unlikely event that you need to address I , you call I boss . you already meet this handsome fella right here . hoppin ' Bob 's my ace boon coon . you run afoul of hoppin ' Bob , you run afoul of I . nodding to Bob , Dillard saunter off . hoppin ' bob New man , strip down ! Ray and Claude share a look . self - consciously , the man begin to undress . int . bunkhouse -- day double bunk line the wall , with a footlocker for each inmate . as usual , there 's a poker game go on . hoppin ' bob okay , lady , get some fresh meat for ya ! all activity come to a halt as the new man shuffle into the cage wear they prison-issue " ring -around . " hoppin ' Bob slam the metal door shut behind they . hoppin ' bob we be not get no wallflower at Camp 8 . everybody gotta dance eventually . but do not worry , they will not try nothing tonight . that would take all of the fun outta the courtship . the incorrigibles hungrily eye the new man in total silence . Claude stick close to Ray as they shuffle toward they assign bunk . the camera settle on a much young willie long . ext . country road -- morning the inmate jump down from the mule cart and grab hoe and shovel . because he can not count , hoppin ' Bob keep track of the man use a system all he own -- a pebble in he pocket for each man . Dillard stand by with he shotgun . dillard get three mile of ditch to clear today . let 's keep it move ! ext . ditch -- day the man of Camp 8 labor under the brutal mid-day sun . jangle leg , a handsome , muscular man , sing a verse to set the work tempo . up and down the line , a mighty chorus respond . the camera find Ray and Claude swinging pick axe , sweat profusely . claude I do not believe this before abe jive . I do not go to night school to sing in no Mississippi boy choir ! Claude stop to catch he breath and take off he shirt . ray I would not do that if I be you . claude shut up . it 's too damn hot . what do you know , anyway ? a shot ring out . Claude hit the ground as a bullet kick up some dust nearby . ray told ya . Claude look up to see Dillard crack pistachio nut as hoppin ' Bob put another round in the chamber of he rifle . dillard why be not he pick swinging ? hoppin ' bob ( echoing ) why be not that pick swinging ? claude it 's too hot , boss . I be tired . hoppin ' bob he say it 's too hot , boss . dillard too hot , huh ? well , you tell that lazy jiggaboo the state of Mississippi be not interested in he meteorological assessment . hoppin ' bob listen up , jiggaboo ! State of Mississippi be not interested in you ... in you ... ( off Dillard 's look ) metropolitan asset ! dillard tell he the state of Mississippi be only interested in get this ditch clear by sundown . hoppin ' bob State of Mississippi want this ditch clear by sundown . you get that ?! claude I get it ... boss . dillard he do not sound like he 's from ' round here . hoppin ' bob he 's from New York City . that one , too . dillard New York . that 's up north , be not it ? they will find we do thing different down here . ray we notice . annoy , Dillard jab the butt of he rifle into Ray 's solar plexus . Ray sink to he knee in the dirt . dillard look like we get a couple of live one . how long this boy in for ? hoppin ' bob judge give them the long ride . dillard life , huh ? they step outta line again , we will shorten up that sentence real fast . Dillard swagger off , dogge at the heel by the ever faithful hoppin ' bob. resigned , Ray and Claude return to they labor . ext . ditch -- day the man rest in the ditch as biscuit , a slight inmate with a red bandanna tie around he head , dispense water , one ladle per man . biscuit drink it up ! Willie exchange two cigarettes for a second ladle . poker face pull a crumpled envelope from he shirt . his expression never change , hence the name . poker face either of you new fella know how to read ? I have have this letter four month now . claude you can not read ? none of this guy can read ? willie last fella who could read make parole ' round Christmas . poker face I do not even know who this be from . ray here , gimme that . Ray unfold the letter and scan it . ray it 's from you mama 's neighbor , Mrs. tidwell . she think you oughta know that you second cousin bo die . the prisoner express they condolence . " sorry , man . " " that 's some bad news . " " I know you love bo like a brother ... " ray and you other cousin , Sally , on you daddy 's side , she die . more sympathy from the man . " ooh . twice in one letter . " " Rough break , poker face ... " ray apparently , you sister die . poker face Jenny ? ray no , it say marleen here . relief all around . " thank goodness . " ray oh , wait , look like Jenny die , too . " bad luck , man . " " that 's harsh ... " ray then it go on for a while about how the crop do not come in on accounta the frost . ( flip over the page ) she finish up with something about a tornado and how you mama and you daddy die in that . but do not worry none . she will take care of the dog . that be , if it get over the worm . the prisoner share dark look . Ray fold up the letter and hand it back to poker face . poker face appreciate it . ray anybody else need anything read ? " no , man , we be good . " the man shake they head and return letter and card to they pocket . jangle leg nod and switch place with one of the convict , parking next to Claude . jangle leg how you doin ' ? claude I be all right . jangle leg you ever do time before ? claude you kid ? I have be in and out of prison my entire life . mostly in . I be hard - core . jangle leg then you will not have no problem make the adjustment . you need anything , help of any kind , gimme a holler . name 's jangle leg . claude ' preciate it . Claude . as they shake , jangle leg inspect Claude 's hand thoroughly . jangle leg Soft and supple . like a lady 's . claude ( eye narrowing ) I try to moisturize regularly . hoppin ' bob ( over he shoulder ) hey , jangle leg , what would I tell you about pitching woo on the job ? jangle leg sorry , cap and . Claude snatch back he hand and give jangle leg a hard look . hoppin ' bob break 's over ! back to work ! as the man grab they tool and return to work , Claude lean over to Ray . claude why do you think they call he jangle leg ? ray somebody just tell I he win the three - legge race every year . claude so ? ray he do it all by himself . int . mess hall -- dusk wincing with each movement and cover in grime from the day 's labor , the new man bring up the back of the chow line . cookie , the grub-slinger , slap a large dollop of a unidentifiable substance onto Ray 's tray . ray what be that ? cookie creame chip beef on toast . except we be outta beef , so I have to improvise . ray can not I get one of that steak you get grill back there ? cookie that be for trusty , unless you get thirty cent or two pack of cig . another prisoner lay down some tobacco and get a juicy steak . Ray grab a hunk of corn bread and make he way to the back of the room . Claude step up , hold out he tray for Cookie . claude Excuse I , I do not like it when the food touch each other , so if you could just -- ( splat ! ) -- keep everything separate . disappointed , Claude turn to discover that the only seat leave be next to Ray . scowl , he limp toward it . jangle leg 's eye follow Claude as he approach the table . biscuit smack he . biscuit eye front , mister ! Claude sit down and promptly go to work scraping he burnt toast with he knife . the irritate sound slowly bring the entire room to dead silence . all eye fall on Claude . scratch , scratch , scratch ... cookie ( step up ) Problem with the toast ? claude it 's fine now . Cookie glower and take a seat . ray stop aggravate people . just eat you food . as the room return to normal , Claude start polish he fork with he shirttail . irritate , Ray shoot he a look . claude this fork be filthy . ray the fork be the least of you worry , Claude . undeterred , Claude breathes on he fork and polish it some more . disgust , Ray push aside he plate . ray what 's you name ? willie me? Willie Long . ray what be you in for , Willie ? willie that 's a long story ... radio when he be 13 year old he kill a son-of - a- bitch with a claw hammer . willie they never prove that . claude what a second , you have be in here since you be thirteen ? ray what about you , Radio ? radio armed robbery . jangle leg damn liar . bitch kill he sister with a axe . radio she be my half -sister . shit , I be not the son-of - a- bitch who poison my own parent . biscuit ( protective ) they deserve it . very strict . poker face what about you , biscuit ? you nearly skinned you poor old landlady alive . cookie at least he do not kill Santa Claus with he bare hand . ray you kill Santa Claus ? biscuit ( scolding ) on Christmas Eve . poker face he be not the Santa Claus , he be just wear the suit and ringing a bell . willie what do you guy do ? the whole table wait expectantly for they reply . ray I kinda lose track of how many people we kill that night . must have be 15 or twenty -- not count woman and child . it be a real bloodbath . all that scream ... claude pack of lie . do not listen to he . we do not kill nobody . we be railroad . and we gonna prove that . ray he just block it out . nigger 's crazy . he 's the one who do all the stabbing . he 's capable of some heinous shit . ( thumbing down the table ) how ' bout he down there ? at the end of the table , goldmouth , a hulk specimen , snarl menacingly , flash a glitter set of tooth . willie goldmouth ? they say he be bear out back behind the shithouse . that 's what they say . ray you all be here a long time . do not anybody ever escape from this place ? willie they run but they never get too far . radio couple year back , Cookie make it clear to greenville . ray greenville , that the nearest town ? willie ( nodd ) it 's a two - day walk if you do not get lose . take a mighty cagey country boy to navigate the wood and bayous between here and there . biscuit that dog they get can sniff a skid mark in you underpant from a half - mile off . ray alright , well , let 's say you make it to greenville . what 's there , anyway ? cookie grandma dodi 's pork Rib Joint . poker face that 's where they nab he . cookie do not even get to have my peach cobbler . willie the most important thing they get in greenville be a train that head up north . just then , goldmouth stand up , casting a shadow over Claude . goldmouth hey , girl , you gonna eat you corn bread ? Claude look up , consider he option . claude no , man . I want you to have it . ray wait up there , Claude . you give that guy you corn bread and the next thing you know you will be irone he shirt and clipping he toenail . goldmouth maybe I oughta eat you corn bread . ray my corn bread ? oh no , my friend . I love corn bread . Ray pick up he corn bread and take a huge bite out of it , roll he eye with enthusiasm . ray I think my mama make good corn bread but this be really something special . Ray look at the face around the room , smile broadly . goldmouth be get embarrassed . ray who know I would have to come all the way down to this here prison , deep in the asshole of the great state of Mississippi , to find such a tasty piece of corn bread ? the prisoner begin to laugh . Ray 's get they now . ray and who know that in this great corn bread-make institution I would come face to face with the biggest , ugliest , stinkiest , ugliest gold - mouth negro in the entire world . now get out of my face before I lose my appetite ! ext . camp 8 yard -- dusk a punch send Ray sprawling in the dust . goldmouth loom over he . the incorrigible form a circle around the combatant . poker face , the camp bookie , be take all bet . goldmouth how you like you corn bread now , New York ? goldmouth and Ray square off . goldmouth swing , Ray duck and counter with a swift jab to the gut . goldmouth just flash a shiny grin and clobber Ray with a fist the size of a Thanksgiving turkey . Ray sink to the dust . Radio drop down near he . radio come on , New York , you can do better than that ! get up and show he how they do it in harlem ! Ray shake he head and stagger back to he foot . he circle the big man and get in a couple of good shot , much to the crowd 's approval . goldmouth shake he head and wipe the blood from he nose . now he 's mad . he grab Ray by the shirt and deliver a crush blow . Ray reel backward into Cookie 's arm . cookie I appreciate you go to all this trouble over my corn bread . I do not get a lot of compliment in my line of work . Cookie shove Ray back into the ring for more punishment . Claude emerge from the mess hall , munch on a piece of corn bread . he squeeze in between poker face and Willie . willie you pal 's get the tar whipped out of he on you account . claude how many time I get to tell you ? he be not my pal . besides , he look like he know what he 's do . just then Claude wince as goldmouth deliver a jaw -crush uppercut that knock Ray on he back . Claude bristle under the incriminate look come at he from all direction . claude alright , alright ... Claude crouch down as Ray roll over on he stomach and push himself up onto all four . his eye be swollen shut , he face cover with blood . claude hey , Ray , I think you make you point , whatever that be . maybe now 's a good time to throw in the towel . you know what I be say ? Ray manage a smile and stagger to he foot . ray ( slurring ) shit , goldmouth . back in New York , I know bitch who hit harder than you . goldmouth pull back he fist and let it fly . Ray hurtle through the crowd , collapse in the dust . Willie step in . willie the man 's take enough of a beat . let 's get he inside . Cookie , Radio and poker face raise Ray to he foot . goldmouth sling he over he shoulder and carry he toward the bunkhouse . daze , Ray catch Claude 's eye . ray get he good , huh , Claude ? he will not be bother we anytime soon . a quick elbow jab from goldmouth and Ray be out for good . disgust with himself , Claude toss what 's leave of the corn bread to the mangy dog , who make short work of it . biscuit ( wag a finger ) shame , shame , that 's you name . fade to black : int . mess hall -- day on Sunday , the mess hall also serve as a chapel . from a makeshift pulpit , the blind reverend clay and he daughter lead the congregation of convict in a rouse chorus of " down by the Riverside . " ext . camp 8 yard -- day the gospel music filter into the yard , where the prisoner mingle with kinfolk . ext . sgt . dillard house -- day mrs . dillard hum along with the gospel music as she place a couple of freshly - baked pie on the window sill to cool . ext . camp 8 yard -- day the camera find Claude and Daisy walk hand in hand toward a simple shack just beyond the gun line . this be the tonk house and Dillard be the gate keeper . claude request permission to go to the tonk , boss . Dillard consider Daisy . dillard I do not see no wedding ring , bank . conjugal visit be for marry prisoner only . claude you think you could make a exception just this once , boss ? she come all the way down from New York . dillard I do not need the baptist on my back , but I suppose I could issue a temporary marriage license for a nominal fee . Daisy get the picture . she reach into she purse and hand Dillard a couple of dollar . dillard I now pronounce you man and wife . ( call to the shooter shack ) Claude bank go to the tonk ! Claude take Daisy 's hand and lead she over the gun line . across the yard Ray watch Claude and Daisy step into the tonk house . then he return to a game of horseshoe , toss a ringer . nearby , biscuit give jangle leg a haircut . ray biscuit , when you be do with jangle leg , you think you could squeeze I in ? biscuit think you would never ask . biscuit need some gravy . ray I be talk about a haircut . biscuit cost you a pair of nylon . poker face hey , Ray , goldmouth do not believe I . ai not it so they get train up in New York City that run under the street ? ray they be call subways . a nickel will take you from one end of Manhattan to the other . helluva ride , too . Radio look up from a vacuum tube receiver he 's busy repair . radio hey , Ray , you ever be to the cotton Club ? ray sure I have be to the cotton Club . it 's pretty sweet . but it do not hold a candle to the boom boom room . that 's where the real action be . willie what 's the boom boom room ? ray that 's my joint . the swinginest nightclub in town . cookie you get you own nightclub ? ray well , not yet . it 's still in the plan stage . goldmouth so it do not exist . ray just because it 's in my mind , goldmouth , do not mean it be not real . everything worth anything start with a dream . hoppin ' Bob call to Ray from the gun line . hoppin ' bob Gibson ! get yourself a visitor ! Ray turn to find he mother , a handsome woman in a floral dress , come toward he . ray mama ? mama gibson rayford ! the incorrigible elbow each other and repeat the name " rayford " as mama Gibson envelop she son in a fleshy embrace , smother he with kiss . ray what be you do here , mama ? mama gibson I hear some thing so I go to see spanky Johnson . he tell I what happen and give I some money to get down here . what happen to you face ? ray do not worry about that . hey , fella , this here be my mama . this be some of my friend . that 's Willie , there 's poker face , Radio , Cookie , goldmouth , biscuit , jangle leg . the motley crew gather around , nodd politely . goldmouth flash a golden grin . Willie gallantly doff he cap . willie Mrs. Gibson . shame on rayford here for fail to mention that he have such a beautiful mama . mama manage a half - heart smile , clutching she bag . mama gibson Nice to meet you all . goldmouth how be you train ride ? mama gibson quite comfortable , thank you . cookie they cookie in there ? mama gibson yes , oatmeal . radio ' scuse I , you get any battery on you ? mama gibson no . no I do not . biscuit side up , finger she dress . biscuit that 's a lovely dress . make it yourself ? mama gibson ( vaguely unsettle ) yeah ... ext . porch -- day Ray and he mama sit in the shade . ray this be a big surprise , mama . I sure do not expect to see you down here . a long , uncomfortable beat . mama 's lip start to tremble . mama gibson rayford , I want so much more for you than this . ray do not cry , mama . this place be not so bad as it look . sure , we work hard , but there 's plenty fresh air and sunshine ... and you know something else , I have take to go to church regular . they get service every Sunday right there in the mess hall . mama gibson do not you lie to I , rayford . ( compose herself ) you still have you daddy 's watch ? ( Ray shake he head ) well , this be all I can give you . I wish it be more . she put some money in he hand . ray I can not take that , mama . mama gibson do not argue with I . you need it more than I do . I know how a little money can help in a place like this . reluctantly , Ray stashes the money in he pocket . ray I can not believe this . I always say I would never end up like this . I think I would make something of myself , do something with my life . you know , be successful . have a big house , a family . now I be gonna end up just like daddy . mama gibson do not say that , rayford . do not ever say that . he give up hope . that 's where you gotta be different . ray they give I life , mama . mama gibson I give you life . and they can not take it away from you . remember that . you will get outta here someday . I believe that . you gotta believe it , too . int . tonk house -- day reclining on a straw mattress , Claude watch intently as Daisy get dress . the rickety door reverberate with a loud pound . hoppin ' bob ( off ) time 's up , bank ! we get a crowd gather out here ! Claude leap from the bed and slam he fist against the door . claude woman come all the way from New York , goddamnit ! we will come out when we be good and ready ! Daisy quickly button up she dress . claude do you go see my cousin maynard like I ask you in my letter ? daisy of course I do . he say he would file a appeal right away . you do not tell I he be so good look . claude yeah , that side of the family have all the look and none of the brain . I hope he do not mess thing up . daisy he seem like a pretty good lawyer to I . his office take up a entire floor of that big , new building on 125th Street , and he be use all this word I never hear before . he even offer I a job . claude a job , huh ? well , that 's nice , real nice . you will not have to work long . I will be back soon enough . after I start work at first Federal Bank of Manhattan , I will be keep you in style . everything will get back to normal again . that 's a promise . Daisy smile weakly and look away . she do not have much faith in this promise . daisy listen , Claude , maynard want to know if he should file the appeal on behalf of you friend , too . claude Ray Gibson ? ( think about it ) no , no . he 's the reason I be in here , Daisy . for all I know , he 's get a record a mile long . I get a better shot of get out of here on my own . you tell maynard to think about I , concentrate on I . understand ? daisy sure , Claude , whatever you say . ext . country road -- day the prisoner jump down from the cart and grab hammer and pick axe as hoppin ' Bob keep count with pebble . dillard we lose yesterday on accounta the rain . that mean we gotta make up for it today , so put you back to it . hoppin ' bob you hear the boss ! let 's move ! Ray and Claude jump down after Willie . willie ( squinting at the sun ) look like a scorcher . radio I bet the son of a bitch go over a hundred and ten . poker face I will take that action . ext . field -- day the long line level a road to a work tune be sung by jangle leg . Dillard check the thermometer on the truck -- 90 degree and rise . mopping he brow , he start down the line . the sun arc overhead , a blaze inferno ... heat rise off the road ... the man sweat profusely ... " take it off here , boss ! " echoe up and down the line . biscuit have he work cut out for he , lug a water bucket from man to man , offer the ladle . the sun ... the hammer ... the ladle ... the axe ... the sun ... the hammer ... the ladle ... the axe ... the mercury hit 110 degree ... a new guy let he hammer slip from he finger , collapse in the dirt . Radio nod to poker face , who hand he a pack of cig . willie man down , boss ! Dillard use he foot to roll the stricken man over . he 's still alive . barely . dillard you two , put he on the truck ! Ray and Claude drop they tool , grab the man by he arm and leg and lug he up to the road . once out of earshot , Ray whisper to Claude . ray Cookie draw I a map to greenville . claude so ? ray you know what I be say . claude yeah , I know what you say . and I be say if you make it that far , they would be watch every train that pull out of that station . ray that 's why we will not take the train . Cookie show I where there 's a farm house . they get a boat there . claude what do you know about boat ? I bet you can not even swim . they reach the truck . with effort , they swing the man back and forth and launch he into the back of the truck . ray what I know about boat be they take you to freedom . come on , man . I think we can do this . claude why be you always talk about we ? there be no we . there be a I , there be a you . but there be no we between we . hard CUT to : int . bunkhouse washroom -- day Ray and Claude continue they conversation as they lather up for a shave . ray you want out of this place , do not you ? do not tell I you be start to like it here . claude no , I do not like it here . look around . there 's nothing but ass . male ass ! ball and ass ! believe you I , I be get out of here . ray what do that mean ? claude forget it . ray I be not gonna forget it . what do that mean ? if you have get a plan , I think I have a right to know about it . I tell you my plan . claude get a map from a chubby chef name Cookie ? dragging we ass through the swamp in search of some worm - eat boat ? that be not a plan , that 's a vacation for two in the hole . when you have get a map to New York City , you get back to I . Claude split . scowl , Ray finish up he shave . int . bunkhouse -- night moonlight stream through the bar window of the cage . exhausted from the day 's work , each man stretch out painfully in he bunk . jangle leg sure be hot out there today . cookie still too hot to sleep . radio every bone in my body feel like a big son-of - a- bitch dog get hold of it . goldmouth I can not wait ' till Sunday . claude what 's so great about Sunday ? Monday 's right after it . restless , Radio roll over . radio hey , Ray , what 's the name of that nightclub of yours ? ray you mean the boom -boom room ? radio that 's it . the boom - boom room . sure would like to see that place when you get it up and run . ray you should have come by last night , Radio . you woulda have yourself some fun . willie last night ? what be you talk about , Ray ? ray I be talk about old satchmo nearly blow the roof off the joint . poker face who ? ray satchmo . goldmouth you mean Louis armstrong ? ray he 's a good friend of mine . drop by the club whenever he 's in town . claude hey , do we have to listen to this bullshit ? I be try to get some sleep around here . " shut up , Claude ! " echoe around the room . irritate , Claude thump he pillow and turn he back on the room . ray yeah , thing be hot last night , but you will never guess who 's play tonight . blam ! a high horn note sound . smash CUT : close - up -- biscuit , all dolled up and flash a million - dollar smile . she begin to sing . biscuit a tisket a tasket ... biscuit be up on a makeshift platform in the bunkhouse , lipsynce to ella fitzgerald . but its not the depress bunkhouse anymore , it have transformed into Ray 's boom - boom room . pull out slowly as Ray , deck out in a sleek tuxedo step in front of the camera . he speak into the camera as he walk ... ray that 's right , fella . catch any cab head uptown . all the driver know Ray 's boom - boom room . goldmouth ( o.s. ) hey , Ray ... Ray look to he leave , see goldmouth in the old bunkhouse . goldmouth where be I at , man ? ray ( in nightclub ) c'mon , goldmouth , somebody 's gotta watch the front door . the camera pan off Ray to goldmouth , in a tuxedo , at the front door of the nightclub with two lovely lady . he wave to himself , sit on he bunk . himself wave back , smile like a kid in a candy store . Willie be behind the bar , serve drink to three gorgeous skimmy . willie hey , Ray , I could get use to this ! close on Cookie sit a table eat a huge porterhouse . the camera dolly around to find Ray eat with he . cookie Ray , my man , this steak be like butter ! ray make just for you , Cookie . cookie how about some steak sauce ? ray no problem . oh , boy ! Ray motion to a busboy clear a table . it 's Claude . ray how about some worchestershire sauce ! and clean that damn table . Claude grimace . CUT to : Willie laugh , goldmouth laugh , poker face in the bunk laugh . poker face hey , Ray , I know you get some gambling ! CUT to : Ray at a crap table hold a pair of dice . he look at poker face on he bunk . ray c'mon , poker face , what 's a club without some dice ? the camera pull back as Ray throw the dice . a perfect seven . the camera pan up to poker face in a tux clutching a fistful of cash . poker face lucky seven ! my nigger ! let it ride ! across the room , jangle leg , in a tux , sit at the piano . Radio , also in a tux , beat on the drum . jangle leg sing , girlfriend ! biscuit sing the song , smile lovingly at she man . everyone be have a great time in Ray 's boom - boom room , until ... whistles blow . at the front door , hoppin ' Bob appear with five trusties dress in police outfit . the incorrigible scatter . radio hey , Ray , look like trouble ! a hard white light from hoppin ' Bob 's flashlight shine directly into the camera . close on Ray , in he bed , back in the old bunkhouse . the music stop abruptly . he shield he eye from the harsh light . hoppin ' Bob be loom over he . it 's back to reality . hoppin ' bob you do not shut up , you be gonna spend the rest of the night in the hole , Gibson ! that go for the rest of you girl , too . I do not want to hear another peep about no boom - boom fuck room ! a loud burst of flatulence cut through the darkness . hoppin ' Bob turn he flashlight on Cookie . cookie sorry , cap and . scowl , hoppin ' Bob step out of the cage and lock the door behind he . the man slowly settle back in . radio ( whisper ) pretty good story , Ray . do not much care for the end though . light out at Camp 8. ext . camp 8 -- yard -- day Claude 's play pepper with Radio , jangle leg and poker face . dillard mail call ! the incorrigible quickly gather around as he call off name , pass card and letter through the crowd . dillard craddock !... Williams ... henshaw !... bank ! claude here ! Dillard hand the letter to Ray , who glance at it before pass it back to Claude . ray ( read ) maynard bank , esquire . Attorney at law . claude gimme that . that do not concern you . ray I be sure it do not . int . camp 8 bunkhouse -- day Claude rip open the letter . a profound disappointment settles over he as he read the news from cousin maynard . bitterly , he crumple up the letter and toss it down . ext . field - day Dillard stroll down the line with he rifle over he shoulder . under he watchful gaze , hoe rise and fall . after he pass , Claude move a little closer to Ray . claude what 's up , Ray ? ray ( cool ) Claude . claude sure be hot today . think it will rain later ? ray what do you want , Claude ? claude what do I want ? what make you think I want something ? ray my daddy always say when a man start talk about the weather keep you hand on you wallet . claude you daddy must have be a helluva guy , a deep man , a wise man . sure wish I could have meet he -- ray cut the bullshit . what do you want , Claude ? claude ( clear he throat ) you still get that map ? ray yeah . claude well , if you be still think about book it , I want in . I think we can make it . ray we ? do I hear you say we ? as I recall , you be the one who say there be no we . guess we get some bad news in that letter , huh ? claude look , my cousin maynard be a lawyer . he file a appeal on my behalf -- ray on you behalf . what happen to we ? claude the appeal be deny . then Daisy go and fall for maynard . they be engage to be marry , can you believe that ? ray well , let 's just think about that for a moment . he 's a successful lawyer up in New York City and you be down here with a bright future in the cotton pick business . eeny , meeny , miney , maynard . claude come on , man . do not shut I out . I be tell you , you and I , that map , we can go place . ray you know what , Claude ? this whole time we have be down here , you have do nothing but think about yourself , act like this whole thing be my fault . that plan with you cousin , do that include I ? a long beat . claude no . ray at least you be honest for once . so now you want to be my friend ? well , let I tell you something , Claude - my - shit - do n't-stink - bank . you get a lot to learn about friendship . claude do that mean I be in ? ray I do not think so , Claude . you would just slow I down . we would have to stop every five minute so you could polish you silverware . there 's no way around it , you be soft . claude what would you say ? ray I say you be soft . claude do not call I that . you know I hate it when you call I that . Ray get in Claude 's face and silently mouth the word -- " soft . " Claude throw down he hoe and sink he fist deep into Ray 's gut . claude damn , that feel good . I should have do that the first time I meet you . Ray touch the blood come from he nose . eye blaze , he tackle Claude , drag he to the ground . the two man roll around , try to strangle each other . hoppin ' Bob hustle down the hill and drag Ray off of Claude . but Claude come back for more . hoppin ' Bob find himself in the middle of the fray . that 's when the cavalry arrive . two trusty use they rifle to crack Ray and Claude over the back of they head , send they both down for the count . hoppin ' Bob empty he canteen over they face . they sputter back to consciousness . hoppin ' bob now you girl set aside you difference and get back to work or I will see to it -- ray -- we will spend a night in the hole . we hear this shit before . Ray and Claude stagger to they foot and pick up they tool . hoppin ' Bob and the trusty head back up the hill . Ray start to chuckle . claude what the fuck be you laugh about ? Ray open he palm to reveal two pebble . Claude regards Ray with new-found respect . ext . country road -- sundown one by one , the prisoner of Camp 8 climb into the mule cart under the watchful eye of hoppin ' Bob . as each man pass , he remove a pebble from he pocket . the last one in be Willie . hoppin ' Bob 's pocket be now empty . hoppin ' bob all in , boss ! dillard move it out . hoppin ' bob movin ' it out , boss . Dillard spur he horse , escort the mule cart back to camp . ext . field -- sundown as the cart fade into the distance , Ray and Claude pop up from a roadside ditch and take off for a grove of tree in the opposite direction . ext . wood -- sundown running for all they be worth , Ray and Claude crash through the bramble . Claude trip over a root and sprawl face first in the bush . Ray turn around and help he to he foot . Claude be still laugh giddily . he throw he arm around Ray . claude you do it , man ! you get we out ! next stop , New York City ! ray New York 's a long way 's off . let 's just keep move , okay ? as Ray and Claude disappear into the wood ... dissolve to : int . bunkhouse -- night Radio 's pull in some jazz music out of New Orleans . prisoner hit they bunk as the floorwalker do the nightly head count . he stop at Claude and Ray 's empty bunk , glance around , puzzle . ext . dillard porch -- night Dillard smoke a cigarette on the swing . his wife step out with a fresh bourbon and ice . suddenly , siren start to wail and emergency floodlight blaze to life at Camp 8 . ext . field -- night hound scramble down from the back of a truck and gather around the dog boy . he hold out a handful of soile laundry and a dozen snout sniff it thoroughly . nearby , Dillard gather a dozen men with rifle and flashlight into a posse . he put a cigarette in he mouth . hoppin ' Bob light it for he . ext . wood -- night tree rise ominously around Ray and Claude as they push through dense underbrush . claude I know this tree all look the same , but I be get a awful familiar vibration from this one right here . you sure you know where we be go ? ray absolutely . the map be very clear . claude let I take a look at that map . Claude consider it from various angle . claude you call this a map ? what be Cookie smoking when he draw this ? ray Cookie do not draw it . I do . claude you draw this ?! ray I know you would not come if I do not have a map . claude that gripe my soul , man . we be out here in the middle of nowhere . there be shit nibble at my ball ! do not tell I you do not know where we be go ! Ray shrug and press on . dumbfound , Claude consider the map again , then tear it to shred . the bray of hound echoe through the tree . claude hey , wait up ! ext . the wood -- night Ray and Claude race through the underbrush . ext . the wood -- night Dillard and he man follow the dog through the wood , hot on the scent . ext . the wood -- night Ray and Claude race up to a chain - link fence . on the other side , a old Ford be park on a dirt road . hear the posse close in behind they , Ray and Claude fling themselves onto the fence . ext . the wood -- night the posse be gain ground . Dillard take two man off to the leave , send the rest of the man straight ahead . ext . the wood -- night Claude clear the fence first and scramble for the old Ford . Ray 's shirt snag on a piece of wire as he drop down from the fence . stuck , he dangle helplessly a few foot off the ground . int . ford -- night Claude yank open the door and jump behind the wheel . two white teenager bolt up in the backseat where they be neck . after a beat -- group scream . the half - dress teenager dive from the car and scramble off down the road . Claude twist the key in the ignition and the engine roar to life . claude come on , Ray , time to go ! ray I be stick ! Claude see Ray catch up on the fence , then hear the sound of the approach posse . if he floor it right now , he might make it . but he can not just leave Ray hang there . ext . fence -- night Claude run up and grab Ray 's leg , pull for all he 's worth . the shirt rip free , send Ray and Claude tumble to the ground . they leap to they foot and turn toward the car -- run smack into the barrel of Dillard 's shotgun . ext . superintendent's mansion -- day a old black prisoner deliver a frosty mint julep to superintendent abernathy who rock slowly in he chair . at he foot , he 10 - year - old daughter mae rose be play jack . her long blonde hair make she look like a little angel . mae rose look , daddy . they catch that two man who escape last night . mae Rose be point down the drive , where Dillard and a couple of trusty march Ray and Claude toward the house . abernathy they be not man , mae Rose . they be convict . and nigger convict to boot . can you say nigger ? mae rose nagger ? abernathy no , nigger . mae rose nigger . abernathy that 's my girl . bound by leg iron and handcuffs , Ray and Claude be deposit at the bottom of the stair . dillard here they be , superintendent . we track them all the way to the tallahachie . abernathy that 's quite a way . I be glad you New York boy could see some of we lovely countryside while you be down here . what do you say , mae Rose ? how should we teach this two a lesson ? mae Rose consider they face . Ray and Claude look like they have be to hell and back . mae rose a night in the hole ? abernathy better make it a week . Dillard nod and turn Ray and Claude around . as they march back down the drive , abernathy take sip of he mint julep and affectionately pat mae Rose on the head . ext . camp 8 -- day the incorrigible of Camp 8 gather at the gun line , watch silently as Dillard and a couple of trusty march Ray and Claude toward the hole . ext . the hole -- day the trusty shove they each into a small , dank cell and slam the door behind they . Dillard secure both door with a iron bar . dillard see you in a week , boy . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . ray' cell -- day Ray slump to the floor , prop he foot against the wall . ray hey , Claude . I just want to say thanks for come back for I . int . claude' cell -- day Claude consider he bleak surroundings . it 's a small , uncomfortable space , not even big enough to lie down . just a tin bucket for a toilet . claude do not mention it . ray ( off ) Hell , you would probably be half way to New York by now ... claude I be serious , man . do not mention it . ever . ext . the hole -- day the sun beat down on the tin roof ... int . bunkhouse -- cage -- night the prisoner be gather around a table , lay out money . as usual , poker face be keep tabs . cookie I will take Claude to die on Wednesday for fifty cent . poker face Wednesday for two bit . and do not forget you already owe I a steak . biscuit I will take Claude for Friday . that 's my birthday . with a ear to he receiver , Radio slap he money on the table . radio weatherman say a heat wave 's come . I say neither one of them son of bitch gonna last past Thursday . poker face I tell you before , I do not take penny . two cigarettes or one nickel minimum . what about you , Willie ? gonna get in on this action ? willie I get a crispy new dollar bill say both of they gonna make it . this give the man pause . Willie toss he money on the table . poker face now that 's what I call a bet . goldmouth it 's a mighty long shot , Willie . nobody ever make it a week in the hole . jangle leg not in August , anyway . but Willie leave the money where it be . poker face who else have some gut around here ? poker face make notation as the betting resume . ext . field -- day work go on as usual for the prisoner of Camp 8 . trusties keep they eye peel for slacker . ext . the hole -- day the brick shack bake in the noonday sun . ext . field -- day biscuit move down the line offer the ladle to the man as they struggle under a crush heat wave . ext . the hole -- day superintendent abernathy stride up and give the nod to Dillard , who unlock the door . huddle in they respective cell , Ray and Claude shrink from the bright sunlight . then , slowly and painfully , they rise to they foot . in the background , the incorrigible gather at the gun line as word spread that the fellow be still alive . abernathy glance at the crowd with annoyance . abernathy I do not think this boy have learn they lesson . let 's give them another week for good measure . dillard sure you want to do that , sir ? abernathy do not you ever question I , sgt. Dillard . when I give a order , you jump to it , or I will kick you and that first - cousin you call a wife outta that pretty little house so fast it will make you pin-head spin . you get that ? dillard yes , sir . Dillard slam the door on Ray and Claude and clamp shut the padlock . abernathy smile at the incorrigible , who regard he with undisguise hatred . at the gun line a somber poker face offer Willie a wad of bill . poker face well , they make it a week . look like you win , Willie . willie let it ride . int . claude' cell -- night a slot at the bottom of the door open . a tin plate of mush slide through and the slot close . slump in the corner , Claude reach for the food -- but a rat beat he to it , scamper out of the shadow and leaping onto the dish . int . ray' cell -- night a commotion and wild scream come from Claude 's cell . Ray leap to he foot , shouting through the wall . ray Claude ? you alright ?! int . claude' cell -- night Claude continue to stomp the rat . claude can not take it no more , Ray ! die , motherfucker ! gotta get the fuck outta here ! Claude pound against the door , raise a holy racket . we continue to cut back and forth between cell as need . ray keep it together , Claude . you wake up the man , he will shoot you for sure . claude he would be do I a favor . I be get outta here one way or the other ! goddamn rat and shit ! fuck ! Claude continue shouting and pound . ray all right , man , just settle down . we will get outta here , Claude . we will get outta here real soon . claude how the fuck be we gonna do that , Ray ?! Ray look around he cell . Claude 's pound be bound to wake up somebody soon . ray we will just get off at the next stop . claude ( stop pound , confuse ) say what ? ray that 's right , we will get off at the next stop . the train 's pull into the station right now . claude the hell you talk about ? what train ? ray we be in the bronx , my man . hundre and sixty first Street . Claude focus on what Ray be say and start to breathe easier . claude hundre and sixty first Street ? that 's yankee Stadium . ray Hell , yes , yankee Stadium . bomber be play a double-header against the Red Sox . claude Red Sox ... who 's on the mound ? ray I do not know . who do you want ? claude allie reynold . he 's my boy . ray sure , it say allie reynold right here in the program . he 's warming up right now . man , we be so close to the field I need cleat . how would you get such good seat ? claude I know people . ray they must be the right people . whoa , there go the hot dog man . let 's get a couple . damn , that smell good . nothing like a ballpark hot dog , huh ? claude you get ketchup ? ray ketchup ? who eat ketchup on a hot dog ? mustard 's what you want . claude I can not eat it with mustard . ext . the hole -- night Dillard stride toward the hole , shotgun in hand . he pause to listen to the argument , cock a eyebrow in befuddlement . ray ( off ) give I back that hot dog . I will eat it myself . claude ( off ) what be I gonna eat ? ray ( off ) you can starve to death for all I care . now shut up , the game 's about to start . claude ( off ) hey , man , be Babe Ruth in the lineup today ? ray ( off ) of course , he 's in the lineup . there he go right there . hey , Babe ...! Dillard shake he head , shoulder he gun and head back toward he house . ext . the hole -- day abernathy give the nod to Dillard , who unlock the door . two trusty drag Ray and Claude out of they cell . int . bunkhouse -- day the man crowd around the window . radio what 's go on ? be they alive or dead ? goldmouth do not look too good . poker face they be not move . ext . the hole -- day slowly , Claude open he eye , squinting in the harsh light of day . summon he strength , he stagger to he foot . claude hey , Ray ... Ray 's eye blink open . Claude hold out a hand and help he stand up . they share a look . they make it . abernathy ( scowling ) sergeant Dillard , make sure this two be out in the field first thing in the morning . abernathy turn on he heel . Dillard consider the two tough guy stand before he . dillard go on , get inside . Ray and Claude stagger toward the bunkhouse as the incorrigible gather on the porch and help they in out of the sun . dissolve to : insert -- time passage ( note : this montage be mix with 16 mm and Super 8 footage . a beautiful 1940s song play over . ) A. King Kong be machine - gun off the top of the Empire State Building ... B. FDR introduce he New deal ... C . the incorrigible chop weed ... D. with Willie and Claude stand guard , Ray sample a batch of moonshine from a secret still in he footlocker ... E . at the height of the depression , poor people line up in front of a soup kitchen ... f. Ray and the crew sit around the poker table play card and laugh ... G. Ray open a letter and pull out a snapshot of he mama which he place over he bunk . H. the incorrible level a road ... i. jesse owen win the 100 meter race at the 1936 Olympic in Berlin ... J. benny goodman set the kid dance with wild abandon in the aisle of the paramount theater ... K. the hindenburg burst into flame ... L. Claude write a letter , " dear sylvia " ... M. in the juke joint , sylvia read the letter and smile . she show it to a few other working girl ... n. Adolf Hitler stab the air in front of a forebode sea of Nazis ... o. the 1939 World 's Fair open in New York ... P. Ray nail a sign to the side of the bunkhouse : ray' boom boom room . he step back to admire the effect . behind he , sylvia and she friend mingle with the incorrigible in the yard ... Dillard take he cut as Claude and sylvia head for the tonk house . Ray and he date step up ... q. Lou gehrig be honore at yankee Stadium . " today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the Earth ... " R. with a pillow stuff under a home - make Santa outfit , Ray distribute chocolate to the incorrigible while Claude and Willie decorate the saddest little Christmas tree you ever see . S. the 1940 oldsmobile be introduce ... T. japanese Zero bomb Pearl Harbor ... U. FDR declare " a day that will live in infamy . " ... V. a WWII newsreel show american g.i. 's storming a beach in the South Pacific ... int . mess hall ( 1943 ) -- night the inmate of Camp 8 cheer for the american soldier up on a makeshift movie screen . instead of black and white stripe , the prisoner now wear blue twill . in a audience of new face , the camera find some familiar one . Ray and Claude be surround by they crew -- Willie , Radio , poker face , Cookie , biscuit , jangle leg and goldmouth . a decade have pass . ext . camp 8 yard -- day a line of new prisoner stand before Dillard , now 10 year older . dillard ... Camp 8 be for incorrigible , so whatever you have do to get here , believe I , we be not impressed . you new man be probably notice that we have no fence here at Camp 8 . we do not need no fence , we have the gun line . it run from shack to shack clear around the yard -- Dillard pause in front of a big country boy who can not be more than 18 year old . the kid be bounce a rubber ball . dillard what the hell you think you be do ? the kid do not answer . a old guy step forward . old guy Excuse I , boss . that kid do not talk . something wrong with he head , just can not get right , boss . dillard can not get right , huh ? we will see how long he last . now , where be I ? hoppin ' bob we do not need no fence at Camp 8 , boss . dillard that 's right . we do not need no fence , we have the gun line . it run from shack to shack clear around the yard . you be now inside the gun line ... int . bunkhouse -- day Ray and some of the fella be play poker . Dillard 's voice drift in through the open window . ray ( mouth along ) if you step outside the gun line without my permission , you will be shot . if you trip and fall over the gun line , you will be shot . if you spit , if you pee , if you stick you ass out and take a dump over the gun line , you will be shot ... he lay down he card and rake in the pot . ext . baseball field -- day jangle leg pitch to Radio , who swing and miss . behind the plate , goldmouth toss the ball back to jangle leg . on the sideline , Ray teach three - card monte to can't get right . Claude pace nearby . claude I try to teach them the finer point of the game , share my wisdom , but I do not know why I bother . they do not listen , they sure do not learn ... another pitch , another strike . ray what you be deal with here be a complete lack of talent . claude I be sick of watch Camp 12 win the championship . every year they get to roast the victory pig and we get dick . this year I want that pig . Radio knock a grounder up the middle . claude alright , Radio , there you go . who want to hit next ? can not get right look at Ray . ray you want to hit ? ( to Claude ) yo , Claude . give can not get right a shot . claude ( skeptical ) him ? ray can not be worse than any of this other fool . claude all right , grab the bat . let 's see what you can do . can not get right shuffles to the plate . goldmouth hand he the bat . claude jangle leg 's gonna throw the ball nice and easy . you just go ahead and take a swing . jangle leg toss the ball . can not get right swing and connect with a mighty crack ! the incorrigible crane they neck as the ball disappear into the sky . they turn to look at can not get right . Ray give Claude a significant look , then toss another ball out to jangle leg on the mound . claude okay . let 's try that again . this time give it a little juice . jangle leg nod , wind up and deliver a whistling fast ball . can not get right clobber it . once again , the incorrigible track the depart projectile . ray told ya . can not get right smile for the first time . ext . superintendent's mansion -- day the man of Camp 8 paint a fence along the drive lead up to the big house . radio I hear Camp 12 get themselves a son - of - a-bitch use to pitch for the mud hen . goldmouth that boy get a year for jay- walk . ray judge must have money riding on the championship . claude do not matter who Camp 12 put on the mound . all I know be when this season 's over Camp 8's gonna have pork chop . just then a U. S. Army Jeep swerve past the man and park in front of the mansion . Young capt . tom burnette help mae rose out of the car . the prisoner stare furtively at she long leg and curly blonde tresses . poker face look like little mae Rose have grow up . biscuit and out . cookie mmm-mm , that girl 's get gam . claude she 's get it all . and it 's firm and round and fully pack . ray you shred it , wheat . that there be fresh water . next to they , can not get right stare openly , mesmerize by she beauty . Ray nudge he . ray be cool , man . you can look , just do not drool . up at the mansion , abernathy and he wife come out onto the porch , all smile . abernathy how be the honeymoon ? be I gonna be a grandaddy soon ? mrs . abernathy do not pay attention to the superintendent , Tom . you be go to stay for supper , be not you ? tom afraid not . I be shipping out this afternoon . the prisoner steal glance as mae Rose kiss she new husband goodbye . she give they quite a show , raise she leg behind she just like Betty grable . then Tom climb into the Jeep and pull away . mae Rose take a long glance at the prisoner . the man all look away -- except can not get right who stand there smile innocently . mae Rose give he a little wink , then turn she back and bounce up the step . ext . baseball field -- day a plump pig root about in a small pen . a sign dangle from a post -- " first Prize . " the incorrigible of Camp 8 limber up for the big game with the inmate of Camp 12 across the field . poker face think you can handle something that big , Cookie ? cookie I handle you mama , do not I ? do not y'all worry . I get plan for that bad boy . ai not none of he go to waste . Beyond the fence , a late- model sedan roll up . stan blocker , in a straw hat and a rumple suit , climb out and stretch he leg . irritate , he smack a mosquito and exchange a few word with Dillard . dillard bank ! get over here ! Claude hustle over , remove he hat . dillard this be Stan blocker . scout for the nigger leagues . blocker negro leagues , actually . Pittsburgh crawford . ever hear of we ? claude we get the game on the radio sometimes . blocker we play down in Jackson yesterday . Heard a rumor you have get a boy up here who can hit the ball a ton . claude you probably mean can not get right . that 's he over there . blocker can not get right ? that 's the kid 's name ? can I talk to he ? claude you can try , but you will not get too far . why you interested ? blocker Crawford 's be always look for new talent . claude maybe you do not notice , but this be a prison . blocker there be way around that . right sergeant ? blocker wink at Dillard , then glance at the incorrigible practice in the field . goldmouth , Cookie , poker face , biscuit -- they do not exactly inspire confidence . blocker Nice look squad . see you after the game . blocker take a seat on the bench . ext . baseball field -- day the inmate of Camp 12 be in the field . we boy from Camp 8 cheer for Cookie digging in at the plate . Ray taunt the opposition from the third base line . the pitcher wind up and release a fast ball . Cookie swing and connect for a base hit up the middle . in the stand Mrs. abernathy and Mrs. Dillard share a box of cracker Jack . mrs . abernathy of course , the superintendent 's hope for a boy , but personally , I would prefer a girl . mrs . dillard whatever it be will be a little gift from heaven . look at the way she glow . mae Rose sit next to they . she be six month pregnant . she remove she sunglass and coyly bite a fingernail when she spot can not get right in the on-deck circle . down on the field can not get right smile shyly . sense trouble , Claude usher can not get right toward the plate , massage he shoulder . claude you be my boy , just keep what little mind you have focus on the game . if you hit that ball the way I know you can , you might just be we ticket off this farm . can not get right dig in . Claude return to the sideline and appeal to the god . the pitcher wind up and release a fast ball . can not get right connect with that familiar crack ! blocker stand up and watch the ball clear the fence and just keep go . with he team cheer he on , can not get right trot around the basis . but he 's still look at mae Rose . ext . camp 8 yard ( later ) -- day Cookie slowly turn the pig on a spit over a open fire . the incorrigible be savore a victory feast . as always , trusty guard keep a eye on thing . off to the side , blocker be laugh with Ray and Claude . he take a hit off Ray 's bottle of shine . it 's not he first , either . blocker Mark my word , within five year there 's gonna be a color man play in the major . ray come on , the world have not change that much . blocker maybe not yet . but it will . and I will be out of a job . damn , that 's some tasty hooch . claude it 's amazing what Ray here can do with a couple of pound of potato skin and some molass . ray so , blocker , what do you think of we boy ? blocker I think that boy could be the next josh Gibson . I be gonna talk to the front office about he , you can bet on that . damn , it 's get late . we get a game in Memphis tomorrow . blocker start for he car , park just beyond the gun line . claude what about we ? do not forget to mention we . ray we be like he handler . he can not function without we . blocker I will put in a good word for you . you have do a good job with that boy . thanks for you hospitality . Ray and Claude 's eye gleam with hope as blocker 's car rumble off down the road . ext . superintendent's mansion -- night Inside , a woman scream in agony . then , the healthy cry of a new-born baby . int . mae rose's bedroom -- night superintendent abernathy pace anxiously in front of a white curtain surround mae Rose 's bed . suddenly , Mrs abernathy stagger out from behind the curtain with a stricken look on she face . she try to speak , but word fail she . her leg go wobbly and she faint dead away . abernathy uh , doctor ... the doctor step from behind the curtain , draw it behind he . he check Mrs. abernathy 's pulse . doctor she will be fine . she just have a bit of a shock . abernathy be mae Rose okay ? doctor she 's do just fine . abernathy and the baby ? doctor ( vague ) he 's a big one . abernathy it 's a boy ! well , let 's get a look at he . abernathy push past the doctor and yank open the curtain . mae Rose be propped up in bed , look exhaust . abernathy well , where be he ? where 's my new grandson ? the nurse turn around , cradling the baby in she arm . abernathy gently pull back the soft blanket . his eye widen with horror upon discover that the newest member of the abernathy family be black . ext . camp 8 yard -- day can not get right bounce he rubber ball off the wall , catch it on the rebound . int . bunkhouse cage -- day Ray pass around he latest batch of buck as the man discuss can not get right 's professional prospect . the thump - thump of the ball on the wall outside play over . poker face you really think they will let he out of here just to play baseball ? willie why not ? Boy 's get god-given talent . claude God may have give it , but Claude bank spot it and nurture it . ray damn straight . I expect that Pittsburgh crawdad to remember that . claude crawford . ray whatever . cookie ( glance out the window ) head up , here come trouble . ext . camp 8 yard -- day abernathy drive he sedan up to the bunkhouse . all of he worldly possession be strapped to the roof . it appear that the abernathys be leave town . in the back seat , mae Rose cradle she baby . her mother sit next to she . Dillard step out into the yard to confer with the superintendent , then turn to address the inmate . dillard alright , listen up ! I want every man line up out here in the yard on the double ! let 's move it ! hoppin ' bob you hear what the man say ! move it ! ext . camp 8 yard -- day abernathy hold he newborn grandson up next to Ray 's face . hmm . scowl , he move a little further down the line , scrutinize the feature of each man . he pause in front of Claude , hold up the baby . maybe . abernathy stop in front goldmouth . hold up the baby . the possibility make he shudder . he move on to can not get right . his eye narrow . abernathy I know it be somebody from this camp . I can feel it in my bone . disgust , abernathy hand the baby back to mae Rose . then he turn , walk back to can not get right and place a revolver against he head . abernathy do you know who the father of that little chocolate baby be ? can not get right nod slowly . abernathy smile . abernathy well , then , who be it ? up and down the line , the man brace themselves for the worst . can not get right just grin . enrage , abernathy cock the revolver . that 's when Ray step forward . ray the baby 's mine , boss . stun , abernathy lower the gun and approach Ray . then Claude step forward . claude he 's lie , boss . I be the father of that baby . confused , abernathy look back and forth between the two man . then Willie step forward . willie actually , it be I , boss . I know I may look old ... biscuit any fool could see that baby 's mine , boss . cookie I beg to differ . that cute little rascal belong to I ... poker face I be the father ... radio I be the father , boss ... goldmouth I be the father ... jangle leg I be the father ... and so it go down the line , until every last man of Camp 8 have step forward to claim kinship with the superintendent . even hard - ass Dillard can not help crack a smile . disgust , confuse and thoroughly feed up , abernathy jam the revolver into he belt and climb into the car . as he gun the engine , mae Rose gaze out the back window , smile one last time at the father of she baby . can not get right smile back . dissolve to : ext . camp 8 yard -- day it 's visit Sunday and Ray 's boom boom room be in full swing . sylvia 's girl be everywhere . down at the gunline , Dillard take he cut from inmate line up for they turn in the tonk . a five - piece prison band be play the blue . nearby , Willie be dispense Ray 's moonshine from a bunkhouse window . he raise a jar in a toast . willie to superintendent abernathy . May he have many more grandchild ! the incorrigible erupt in boisterous agreement . Claude grab can not get right and shake he . claude what I want to know be where ? when ? how ? willie wasting you breath , Claude . he be not the type to kiss and tell . just then , Rev. clay and he daughter emerge from the mess hall and start across the yard . it 's a good thing the old man be blind because he would not want to see how far he flock have stray . the reverend inhale deeply as one of sylvia 's girl pass nearby . rev . clay there 's a sweet fragrance in the air today . clay's daughter the magnolias be bloom early this year , daddy . bliss out incorrigible enjoy a last dance as the band downshift into a slow , sultry number . in the midst of the dancer , Claude cling to sylvia . nearby , jangle leg dance intimately with a young woman . up on the porch , Ray refresh biscuit 's drink . biscuit have be cry and it show . the liquor probably be not help . ray do not take it so hard , biscuit . she do not mean nothin ' to he . biscuit Hell with he . it be not that . he pull some fold sheet of paper from he pocket , pass they to Ray . ray this be free papers . biscuit ( devastate ) what be I gonna do out there , Ray ? I can not go home to my mama like this . I will get the strap for sure . ray come on , biscuit , this be good news . you mama 's gonna break down in tear when you show up on she doorstep . poker face lean in . poker face ( sotto ) I will give you three to one she give he the strap . Ray give poker face a shove , then turn back to biscuit . ray it 's 1945 . it 's a different world now . biscuit not for I , it be not . ray well you can not stay here , biscuit . this be not no life for a man . any one of this fella would give they right arm to be in you shoe . I sure know I would . Ray hand back the papers and head off to dance with a pretty young woman linger nearby . Left alone , biscuit polish off he moonshine and check he reflection in the bunkhouse window . biscuit no life on the inside , no life on the outside ... he crumple the discharge papers and drop they . then he step down from the porch and walk calmly past the dance prisoner toward the gun line . Ray lift he head off he date 's shoulder . something about the way biscuit be walk suggest that he be not go to stop . ray hey , biscuit ...! but it 's too late . biscuit cross the gun line and keep walk , he eye focus on the horizon . trusty man over the line ! the band stop play , the dancer grow still . Dillard turn around and squint . dillard goddamnit , biscuit , get back here ! but biscuit be not pay attention . he break into a run . Dillard nod to hoppin ' Bob who raise he rifle and draw a bead . but he can not pull the trigger . he lower he gun . Shots ring out from the shooter shack . biscuit reel from the impact of the bullet and look down sadly at the blood spread across he ring -around ... prisoner silently gather at the gunline . jangle leg push he way through the crowd and cross the gunline without hesitation . Dillard indicate for the shooter to hold they fire . they train they rifle on jangle leg as he stride toward he fall companion . jangle leg gently lift biscuit 's lifeless body into he big arm and somberly carry he back toward the camp . the camera rise high overhead as the prisoner make way for jangle leg to cross back over the gunline . int . bunkhouse -- day a dark mood hang over the man . jangle leg sit stoically as Radio fiddle with he receiver . nearby , poker face and Ray play a listless game of gin rummy . Claude be thumbing distractedly through a dog-eare copy of Baseball digest . radio hey , fella , I get Chicago . but nobody can muster much enthusiasm for this news . Radio shrug and drop down on he bunk . just then , can not get right walk past head for the door . he 's dress in civilian clothes , he bindle sling over he shoulder . claude hey , can not get right , where you go ? why you dress like that ? can not get right hold out a piece of paper which Ray scrutinize . ray it 's a pardon from the governor . claude let I see that . the incorrigible gather around for a glimpse at can not get right 's ticket to freedom . claude where would you get this ? can not get right nod out the window . Stan blocker be wait by he car . ext . camp 8 yard -- day Claude storm across the yard and stop at the gun line . Ray be a few step behind . claude yo , blocker , what 's go on here ? blocker kid 's get out . I get he a pardon . claude yeah , but what about I and Ray ? I do not see we name on that pardon . you say you be gonna put in a good word for we . blocker I do , Claude . I mention you . I mention you both . but the fact be , pardon do not come cheap . the kid can hit . what can you do ? this hit Claude hard . ray let it go , Claude . claude I be not gonna let it go . the man need to explain himself . makin ' promise . blocker look , I be truly sorry about this . I would like to help you ... claude but you can not . blocker at least the kid 's get out . be not this what you want ? Claude look around as the incorrigible begin to gather . he 's on the spot . Dillard approach with can not get right . Claude look into the big kid 's eye . claude ( resign ) yeah . of course it be . steeling himself to the reality of the situation , Claude give can not get right a hug . claude you show they crawford how to play ball . ray make them throw strike . can not get right nod . he step up to the gun line and look at both shooter shack . dillard it 's alright . you be a free man now . can not get right step across the gun line . blocker open the car door for he . but before he climb in , can not get right reach into he pocket and pull out he rubber ball . with a smile , he toss it to Claude , who snatch it out of the air . blocker do not worry , we will take good care of he . blocker tip he hat and climb behind the wheel . Claude and Ray watch blocker 's car drive off under a red Mississippi sunset . slowly , the inmate drift back toward the bunkhouse until Ray a Claude be leave alone at the gun line . ray one of the new kid say they be farming that acre just north of the swamp . he say he see a crop duster fly around the place . claude I be not in the mood right now , Ray . ray he say they keep it park out behind the barn . can not be that hard to fly a plane . lot of people do it . claude they be call pilot ! I be serious , Ray . I be not in the mood for one of you stupid , fuck - up plan right now . ray I do not see you come up with any plan . claude ( get mad ) my plan be on he way to Pittsburgh right now . that congenital idiot just get himself a pardon sign by the governor thanks to we , but we can not seem to do nothing for ourselves . do not you feel a little disgust right now ? ray crop duster . claude I be not get in no airplane with you . I be finally wrapping my mind around the concept . they throw we in this shithole for life . do not you get it , Ray ? we be gonna die here ! might as well head up to the cemetery , pick a plot and start digging . suddenly enraged , Ray haul off and knock Claude down with a solid right . surprise , Claude touch he bloody lip . ray my daddy die in prison . he give up hope and hang himself . what you be talk about be the same damn thing . that be not how I be go . claude maybe you be fool yourself , Ray . maybe you be just a chip off the old block . ray take that back or we be not friend no more , Claude bank . claude here 's a news flash , Ray . we never be friend . we have just be stick together for 12 year . it 's be nothing but bad luck since the moment I run into you . every time I look at you I get sick to my stomach think about what my life could have be if I would never bump into Ray Gibson . a hard look come to Ray 's eye as Claude rise to he foot . ray better watch yourself Claude , before you say something you regret . claude the only thing I regret be the day I meet you . ray well , if that 's the way it be ... claude that 's the way it be . ray then I have nothing leave to say to you . Ray walk away , leave Claude to nurse he split lip . claude you never say nothing of value anyway . insert -- time passage A. in he Pittsburgh crawford uniform , can not get right lay into a fast ball , send it soar into the bleacher ... B. people dance in the street in time Square , mark the end of WWII ... c. hoppin ' Bob drop a package on Ray 's bunk . Ray rip off the brown paper to reveal a book : " so you want to learn to fly ... " D. Claude and sylvia make love in the tonk house ... E. in the mess hall , Ray pointedly carry he tray past a table where Claude sit with Willie ... f. a a-bomb explode in the bikini atoll ... G. Jimmy Stewart hug he wife and child at the end of " it 's a wonderful life " ... H. Jackie Robinson slide across home plate at ebbet field ... i. Ray run full tilt across a field toward a barn . sure enough , there 's the single engine crop duster park right where he say it would be ... J. Claude and another inmate repair a hole in the bunkhouse roof . they dive for cover as Ray 's crop duster swoops low overhead and dip out of sight beyond the tree . a puff of smoke rise into the sky ... K. soot-stain , Ray be march to the hole and shove inside ... L. newly elect president Harry Truman hold up a copy of the Chicago tribune bare the headline " dewey defeat Truman " ... M. rca unveil the first color television ... n. Cars pull up next to speaker pole in front of a drive - in movie screen ... o. in the bunkhouse , early rock and roll play on a modern 1950s radio that sit where the old vacuum tube receiver use to be . a young tough now occupy Radio 's old bunk ... P. at the poker table , poker face slump forward onto he pile of chip , revealing a straight flush . the other man quickly fold ... q. with a trusty stand guard , Claude and Ray silently shovel dirt into poker face 's grave . the camera move past gravemarker -- biscuit , jangle leg , Radio ... R. Marilyn Monroe 's skirt rise on a blast of subway air in " the Seven - Year itch " ... S. Rosa Parks be arrest for refuse to sit in the back of the bus ... T. elvis presley create a sensation on the Ed Sullivan show ... U. School child learn to " duck and cover " in the event of nuclear attack ... V . the inmate of Camp 8 work to level a road . Ray 's on one side , Claude 's on the other ... W. prisoner mingle with friend and family on visit Sunday . Claude wait on the bunkhouse step . his face brighten when sylvia appear ... x. black sit - in at lunch counter in Greensboro , n.c ... y. Kennedy be elect ... Z. omitted ... aa . Martin luther King deliver he " I have a dream " speech at the lincoln Memorial ... bb . the Zapruder footage of Kennedy be shot ... CC . american soldier jump down from helicopter and run for the jungle in Vietnam ... dd . Ford introduce the 1965 mustang ... ee . the assassination of malcolm X ... ff . Muhammad Ali loom over sonny liston , ask " what 's my name ? " ... gg . the camera move past more gravemarker -- hoppin ' Bob , goldmouth -- to find Claude and Ray silently shoveling dirt over another casket . Ray pound a simple marker into the ground : Cookie . briefly , they lock eye . but neither one speak and the moment pass ... HH . go - go dancer ... ii . mao Tse tung ... jj. jimi hendrix at the monterey pop Festival ... kk . tv 's batman and Robin battle the force of evil in gotham City ... ll. Black panther ... mm. peace protester ... no . the death of Martin luther King ... oo . Robert Kennedy ... pp . Neil armstrong set foot on the moon ... qq. vida Blue rear back and fire a pitch in the 1972 World Series ... ext . camp 8 yard -- day on the porch , Willie , now in he 70 , sit in a wheelchair watch the ball game on a black - and - white television . a trusty wait nearby . Ray , now in he mid-60s , emerge from the bunkhouse lug a duffle bag . ray alright Willie , I think I get everything . I will talk to Dillard , see if I can get up to the infirmary and check up on you . make sure they be change you diaper regular . willie they will be send you up there soon enough . and not just for a visit , neither . ray ( lean in ) I slip in a couple of bottle of my latest batch . help wash down all they pill they will be give you . he give Willie a slap on the back and nod to the trusty . the trusty wheel the old man across the yard where young prisoner mingle with wive and family member sport the fashion of the early ' 70 -- afros , mutton chop , paisley print and bell - bottom pants . across the yard look old - style , Claude sit on the mess hall step wait for sylvia . he catch Willie 's eye . the two man nod to each other , a unspoken farewell . then Claude turn to find Ray look at he from the bunkhouse step . Ray and Claude hold each other gaze for a moment . then Ray head back into the bunkhouse . yvette ( off ) be you Claude bank ? Claude turn to face yvette , a pretty young woman . claude yeah . yvette my name 's yvette . sylvia send I . you look just like she say . claude she 's alright , be not she ? yvette oh , she 's fine . she 's just not come today . claude why not ? yvette she get marry last month . claude married ? yvette Real nice guy , too . trumpet player . they move down to New Orleans . Claude take this in , stare off into space . yvette she always say that if you be on the outside ... claude but I be not on the outside . I be in here . yvette I know she 's sorry she will not be see you anymore . anyway , she want I to take care of you . claude take care of I ? yvette you know , go to the tonk or whatever . claude I be too old for you . besides , I be not much in the mood . yvette want I to come back some other time ? claude ( shaking he head ) Nice girl like you do not belong in a place like this . but if you talk to sylvia , tell she old Claude say congratulation . ext . camp 8 yard -- day Claude stand at the gun line , stare across at the Dillard house . Mrs. Dillard place a couple of pie on the windowsill to cool . claude whites -only pie ... suddenly , he make a break for the Dillard house . trusty man over the line ! Ray turn to see Claude dash across no - man 's land . Shots ring out from the shooter shack , kick up dirt around Claude 's foot as he serpentine across the field . ext . dillard house -- day breathless , Claude make it to the kitchen window and dig he hand into the golden - brown crust , shove a sloppy fistful of pie into he mouth . more shot ring out . bullet ping all around he . grabbing the pie , he dart around the side of the building , out of range . back against the wall , he drop down on he haunch , snarfing pie like a hungry wolf . ext . camp 8 yard -- day a case of empty Coke bottle sit in the middle of the yard , glint in the hot sun . his face smear with boysenberry , Claude finish take off he boot and sock and step barefoot onto the bottle . dillard comfortable ? claude as a pair of fur-line bedroom slipper , boss . dillard we will see what that slipper feel like after , say , 24 hour . and if you step down off they bottle -- if one toe so much as touch the dirt -- one of this boy be gonna shoot you dead . let 's see . we need a special man for this job . he take a trusty 's rifle and move among the inmate , who have gather around . he stop when he get to Ray . dillard how about it , Ray ? Ray glance at Claude , then back at Dillard . dillard I will make you trusty right now . if that pie-eatin ' son of a bitch fall off that bottle and you have to shoot he , I will see to it you get a pardon . Hell , I will personally escort you out the gate . Dillard offer the rifle to Ray , who do not have to think too long . ray you do not want to give I a gun , boss . I be liable to use it on you . ext . camp 8 yard -- sundown Ray 's be give the same treatment as Claude . barefoot , balanced on Coke bottle , the two man stand a few foot apart face each other . a trusty with a rifle keep a eye on they . after year of silence , the tension reach the break point ... claude you be a sucker . I would have take that deal . ray Excuse I ? be you talk to I ? claude I would have knock you off that bottle , put a bullet in you ass and be half way to New York right now . ray after all this year of blissful silence , I almost forget how annoying the sound of you voice can be . claude I hope you do not think I owe you anything . because I do not owe you a damn thing . ray I do not do if for you , anyway . I just be not no boot - lick trusty , that 's all . the trusty tighten he grip on he rifle . he would love the opportunity . claude I be sorry to hear about you mama pass . ray that be five year ago . claude I know , but since we be talk , I think I would mention it . ray we be not talk , you be talk , and do too damn much of it , if you ask I . they stand in stony silence . then Ray start to laugh . a long , low belly laugh . claude what ?! ray you sure look funny run for that pie , bullet fly all around you . claude bullet be not the problem . that pie be too hot . burn my tongue . the two man start to laugh . really laugh . nearly a decade 's worth of laughter come welling up out of they , and they nearly lose they balance , which only make they laugh harder . ext . camp 8 yard -- day a trusty bang the rap iron . Young prisoner pour from the bunkhouse and line up for breakfast . Claude and Ray bring up the rear , the elder statesman of the bunch . by a long shot . dillard fourteen acre today and only 12 hour of daylight ! eat up and move it out ! Gibson ! bank ! get you sorry ass over here ! Claude and Ray step out of line and approach Dillard . dillard every morning I wake up praying that Ray Gibson and Claude bank have die in they sleep and every morning you disappoint I . ray and claude sorry , boss . dillard I stand before you a defeat man . try as I might , I can not seem to break you . I swear , if they drop a nuclear bomb on this camp , you and the cockroach would be the only thing leave . but start today at least I will not have to endure you presence any longer . you have get fifteen minute to clear out you footlocker . you be both be reassign to the superintendent 's mansion . and I , for one , will not miss you . Ray and Claude share a look . then Ray embrace Dillard , who stoically endure the breach of he personal space . ray I always want to do that . ( sighing ) there be so much love inside of this man . ext . superintendent's mansion -- day up on the porch , Claude bring a tray of mint iced tea to superintendent Wilkins , who set aside he bible and wash down a couple of pill . before go back inside , Claude can not resist taunting Ray , busy trimming a hedge out in the hot sun . claude oh , yard boy , this pansy could use some attention over here . perhaps some fertilizer would restore they exuberance . ext . marsh -- day Claude and Ray beat the bulrush with switch , rustling a couple of pheasant from they hide spot . as the bird take wing , Wilkins aim he shot gun and fire twice in rapid succession . both bird fall from the sky in a flutter of feather . omitted sequence omit from original script . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . superintendent's mansion -- day Claude fill Wilkins ' water glass as the superintendent take a bite of lamb chop and wince in pain . wilkin damn denture slip again . everything fall apart when you grow old , eh , Claude ? time sure march on . claude yes , boss . wilkin you know , I be fix on retire at the end of the summer , gonna try to enjoy what few year I have leave . what do you think of this place ? it 's one of that new retirement community down on the Gulf . Claude glance at a glossy brochure . from outside , Ray peer suspiciously through the dining room window as he hack at a rise bush . claude Ocean view , palm tree , two heat swim pool and a golf course -- sound a damn sight better than that infirmary across the way where I be gonna end up . Claude return the brochure . wilkin I apologize , Claude . that be rude of I . claude that 's alright , boss . take a lot more than a colorful brochure to hurt my feeling . wilkin you be on the farm for quite a spell , have not you ? claude over forty year now . I and Ray Gibson out there . Wilkins glance over at the window . Ray duck out of view . wilkin forty year . that 's a long time for any crime , even murder . claude it 's a hell of a lot longer when you be innocent . wilkin half the man in this prison swear they be innocent . do not you think that 's kinda funny ? claude you have to forgive I if I do not laugh . Claude push back into the kitchen , leave Wilkins to think this one over . int . servant ' quarter -- night Ray and Claude be get ready for bed . ray you and Wilkins sure be get chummy . you two plan on go steady , or something ? claude he 's just a lonely old man . he like to talk . ray hey , I be a lonely old man . I like to talk , too . so why do not we start by talk about what kind of a plan you be work on ? claude I be not work on a plan . ray you can not fool I , Claude . I know you get something brewing . claude goodnight , Ray . Claude punch he pillow and turn off the light . ext . superintendent's mansion -- day Ray hack a rise bush down to the nub . from the garage come the sound of a engine turn over . Wilkins ' 1973 lincoln Continental convertible lurch down the drive with Claude at the wheel . he screech to a halt inch from Ray 's leg and climb from the car . ray what the hell be you do ? claude do not touch that car . Claude pull out a hanky and buff Ray 's finger print off the hood . claude Wilkins ' driver 's get the flu , so he ask I to fill in for he . ray you have not drive in 40 year , you be not even get a license . man 's take he life in he hand , put you behind the wheel ! where you take he ? claude greenville . we be pick up the new superintendent at the bus station . Ray scowl as Claude straighten he chauffeur uniform and head up the path to the mansion . ext . greenville bus station -- day Claude pull up in front of the station , step out of the car and hold the door for Wilkins , who check he watch . wilkin you know I trust you , Claude . claude yes , sir . wilkin I will be right back . Wilkins head into the station , leave Claude alone with the Continental . all around he be the sight , sound and smell of the free world . a woman rush into the arm of a man as he climb off a bus . across the street be grandma dodi 's pork Rib Joint where Cookie never make it to the peach cobbler . a young brother with a boom box walk by . in the street , kid crowd around the back of a ice cream truck . then Claude catch he reflection in the car window and frown . when do he get this old ? unnerve , he move around to the back of the car and pop open the trunk . ray ( sit up ) damn , it be get hot in there . claude what the hell be you do in that trunk ?! ray you do not think I be gonna let you escape alone , do you ? claude I be not escape ! we be pick up the new super just like I tell you . ray then you be lucky I come along . do not take a visionary to spot a golden opportunity like this . now help I out of this trunk . claude you be not get out of that trunk . ray come on , man , I be start to cramp up here . ( Ray struggle out of the trunk ) we have the chance right here , right now , I say we go ! claude go where , Ray ? ray back to New York for starter . claude and what will we do when we get there ? I be sixty - five year old , Ray . so be you . what be we gonna do out here ? get marry , have kid , settle down ? that boat sail without we , man . ray this boat 's gonna sail without you , too . I do not care if I last one day out here . at least it 's one day of freedom . now gimme that key . claude forget about that . you run if you want to , but you be not take this car . ray Claude , man , I be serious . give I that key . claude I be not spend a month in the hole so you can take a joy ride . ray do not make I take they away from you . claude hey , there 's Wilkins ! Ray look , Claude clock he . Ray slump back into the trunk . Claude stuff Ray 's leg back into the trunk and slam the lid . claude who 's drive now , bitch ? he look up just as Wilkins and the new superintendent exit the bus station . Warren Pike 's hair have go grey and he 's 40 year older , but there 's no mistake the former sheriff of natchez County . he still bear a nasty scar on he cheek from a wound inflicted long ago . claude' Pov -- Pike appear as a young man in he sheriff 's uniform stride slowly toward he . Claude blink and look again . Pike have return to he old self as he and Wilkins step up . pike ( drop he bag ) there you go , boy . oblivious , Pike climb into the back seat . Wilkins nod to Claude . wilkin come on , Claude , time to go . Claude snap to it , grab the bag . he consider open the trunk , but decide to carry they around to the front seat with he . ext . kitchen porch -- dusk back to the camera , Ray and Claude urinate , presumably off the porch . ray you sure it be he ? claude some face you just do not forget . Warren Pike 's be one of them . ray I do not like it , I do not like it one bit . we shoulda take that car when we have the opportunity . we would be half way to New York by now . claude we would be in the hole by now . hey , man , you be pee on my shoe . ray I know . simultaneously , they shake and zip . Claude bend down and pick up a bowl of gumbo , place it on a tray next to a identical one . int . dine room -- night Wilkins pour a frosty drink and offer it to Pike . wilkin lemonade ? pike I prefer bourbon . wilkin I be sorry , I do not keep any liquor in the house . pike well , fortunately , I carry my own . Pike pull a flask from he jacket and tilt it high . Claude enter from the kitchen with the two steaming bowl of gumbo . wilkin hunting 's be pretty good on the farm the last few year . it 's one of the perk of the job . if you be interested , tomorrow I could show you some of my favorite spot . pike you do not have to twist my arm . ( digging in ) say now , that gumbo have quite a kick . wilkin thank you , Claude . that will be all for tonight . claude goodnight , Mr. Wilkins . Mr. Pike . wilkin goodnight , Claude . Pike nod coldly . Claude step back into the kitchen . pike if you do not mind my say , you seem mighty familiar with you house boy . wilkin I believe in treat the convict with respect , if that 's what you mean . pike ( sarcastic ) respect ? well , be not that progressive . wilkin if somebody deserve respect , Mr. Pike , they receive it from I , convict or no convict . Pike curl he lip with disdain before take a healthy spoonful of gumbo . ext . marsh -- day Claude and Ray beat the bullrush with switch . amid a flutter of wing , three pheasant take to the air . Wilkins fire first , knock one out the sky . Pike pull off two round , play clean up . ext . field -- day Ray and Claude dump they game bag into the back of a pickup truck . nearby , Pike drain he flask while Wilkins scrape mud off he boot . the breeze pick up , cloud fill the sky . wilkin well , that 's a pretty good haul . what do you say , Mr. Pike ? ready to call it a day ? Pike pull a gold watch from he pocket and release the face plate . a familiar mechanical tune float on the gather breeze . Ray turn around slowly . his eye fall on the watch in Pike 's hand . his daddy 's watch . in Pike 's hand . pike yeah , it 's get late . I could sure use a bath . ray that 's a real nice watch you get there , sir . Fancy old thing even play a little tune . pike yeah , it 's special . they do not make them like this anymore . ray sure do not . mind if I ask where you get it ? pike why , my wife give it to I on we anniversary some year back . Claude look at the watch , then at Ray . uh oh . ray must have be some time ago . maybe forty year ? pike ( eye narrowing ) something like that , yes . ray she give you that scar , too ? Pike thrust the barrel of he gun up under Ray 's chin . pike I oughta shoot you for that comment , boy . ray like you shot Winston hancock ? Wilkins turn to see Pike hold Ray at gunpoint . wilkin what 's go on here ? pike I be afraid I be gonna have to teach this uppity nigger a lesson in manners . ray that 's Mr. uppity nigger to you . Ray grab the barrel of the shotgun and slam it into Pike 's face . Pike roll over and freeze , stare down the barrel of he own gun now in Ray 's hand . confused , Wilkins point he gun at Ray . claude cool it , Ray . you be gonna get we in a lot of trouble . wilkin he 's right , Gibson . put down the gun and we will work this out . ray I be gonna work this man 's brain out the back of he head . pike shoot he , Wilkins ! claude do not shoot , sir . I can deal with this . ( cautiously ) Ray , buddy , you do not want to shoot this white man . see , you do that , they will kill you for sure . and it 's not that I like you or anything , but I have kinda get use to have you around . ray he 's get my daddy 's watch , Claude . I always know whoever take that watch kill Winston hancock . and that be you , Mr. Pike . pike he 's crazy . do not listen to he , Wilkins . wilkin do you realize what you say , Gibson ? ray that watch be the only thing my daddy ever give I . it mean the world to I . pike goddamn it , Wilkins , would you please just shoot the nigger ! ray he shoot I , I swear I will take you with I ! I just want to hear you say it . wilkin be there any truth to what he 's say , Pike ? pike what difference do it make ? natchez be better off without Winston hancock ! who care if a couple of no - account bootlegger go to jail for he kill ? at least the state of Mississippi get 40 year of cheap labor out of the deal ! claude forty year of cheap labor ! gimme that gun . Claude grab for the gun . ray no , I be gonna kill he -- claude no , believe I , I be gonna kill he ! Claude yank the gun free and point it right in Pike 's face . Wilkins train he gun on Claude . but the moment pass . Claude lower the gun . bewildere , Wilkins do the same . claude I can not do it . ray that 's because you be soft . gimme the gun . claude what would you say ? ray I say you be soft . claude do not call I soft , I hate it when you call I that . Ray mouth the word -- " soft . " Claude clenches he jaw , point the gun and pull the trigger . click . Pike smirk and pull a small gun from he boot . but as he raise it -- blam ! Pike be hurl backward by a shotgun blast . shock , Ray and Claude look at Wilkins , he gun still smoking in he hand . after a significant beat , Ray reach down and gingerly retrieve he daddy 's gold pocket watch . ray I believe this be mine . ext . superintendent's mansion -- day a gurney carry Pike 's body be lift into the back of a van by two county coroner . nearby , a distraught Wilkins tell he story to a couple of sheriff' deputy . wilkin ... I be draw a bead on a bird when Mr. Pike just step into my line of fire . deputy # 1 where be the two convict when the shot be fire ? wilkin they be busy load up the truck . we get he back here as quick as possible , but ... I just feel terrible about this ... int . mansion -- day Ray and Claude watch through the window as Wilkins talk to the deputy . claude why do not he just tell them the truth ? ray he know nobody want to hear the truth . one of the deputy pat Wilkins sympathetically on the back . then he and he partner put away they notebook and head for they vehicle . Wilkins head up the step and into the house . wilkin well , I think they buy it . one of the deputy belong to my church . visibly shake , Wilkins take a seat , wiping the sweat from he brow with a handkerchief . wilkin I realize there 's no way ... there 's nothing I can say to make up for forty year ... I will have Charlotte prepare that pardon papers right away . Wilkins wince and swallow a couple of pill from he box . wilkin Claude , mind help I to the bathroom ? claude ( give he a hand ) sure , boss . wilkin I be not you boss . not anymore . ext . prison cemetery ( present ) -- day Jake look at Willie expectantly . jake so Ray and Claude get they pardon , right ? leon ( smack he ) no , they do not get they pardon , you dumb shit ! if they would get they pardon way back then , we would not be bury they today , would we ? jake ( chew on it ) oh , right . well , why do not they get that pardon ? willie Old man Wilkins ' never come out of that bathroom . die right there on the crapper . leon just like elvis . willie of course nobody believe Ray and Claude . jake that musta mess them up pretty bad . leon what happen to them after that , Willie ? willie after that ? well , let 's see . after that they get old . we all get old . ext . infirmary -- day Ray and Claude , now in they ninety , sit under a tree in the courtyard listen to a yankee game on a transistor radio . ray nurse humphry be check my prostate this morning . I get a erection . claude a erection , huh ? have not have one of that in a while . ray tell I about it . scare I at first . then , before I could figure out what to do with it , it be go . imagine my disappointment . on the radio , the announcer voice rise in pitch as the yankee score . Ray and Claude share a satisfied look . claude sure would like to see the house that Ruth build one more time . ray well , Ruth shoulda build it a little better . damn thing 's fall to piece . gonna hurt somebody . claude what do you expect ? it 's almost as old as we be . ray they oughta tear that shit down and ship they yankee cross the river to Jersey . claude remember what that place look like on a sunny spring day ? more beautiful than any church I be ever in . two orderlies push a dead body past on a squeaking gurney . claude look like old jonesy finally get he walk papers . Ray tip he flask in a simple salute . ray over to the morgue and up the hill to the cemetery . never think I would admit it , Claude , but you be right . claude ' course I be right . about what ? ray you be the one who say that boneyard 's the only way we be get out of here . we be gonna join all the rest of them soon enough . jangle leg , biscuit , goldmouth , poker face , Cookie , Radio -- yes sir , pick a plot and start digging ... Ray close he eye and settles in for a nap . Claude turn to watch jonesy squeaking away . something about what Ray just say have give he a idea . int . infirmary -- day " Oprah " blare on the television . Old convict linger about in various state of repose and decay . a young orderly pop to the music on he walkman as he push a cart through the ward . over at a table , Ray and Claude play poker with Willie , a shaky old junkie and two young gang banger . the currency on the table be not poker chip , it 's pill of various size and color . gang banger # 1 two percodan . claude I will raise you . gang banger # 1 what the fuck be that ? claude keeps you cholesterol down . gang banger # 1 I look like I give a shit about my cholesterol ? gang banger # 2 take a quick hit of cocaine from a bullet . he notice Ray stare at he . gang banger # 2 you want a bump , G ? ray I would not be put that shit up my nose . that come in in somebody 's ass . it 's like you be sniffin ' ass . maybe that 's you thing , but it be not mine . Ray push he bet to the center of the table . the shaky junkie fold . Willie toss in some pill and turn to gang banger # 2 . willie look like it 's up to you , stinky ass sniffer . glaring , gang banger # 2 flip a big pill into the pot . claude thorazine ? well , that 's a little rich for my blood . he toss down he card . the shaky junkie attempt to light a cigarette . the match slip from he tremble finger and fall into he lap . claude damn fool gonna set this place on fire one of this day . gang banger # 1 fold . it 's back to Ray . ray I get three stool softener leave . ( to gang banger # 2 ) that oughta be right up you alley . the remain player match the pot . gang banger # 2 reveal he card . Willie frown . Ray lay down he card and victoriously sweep he winning into a paper cup . across the room , nurse humphry enter with a tray of snack . she , too , be show the year . nurse humphries who want jell -o ? the magic word . the poker player join a stampede of oldster in a clatter of cane , walker and artificial limb . Ray and Claude be leave alone at the table . ray hey , where you go ? we get money on the table here ! Claude glance around to ensure that he 's not overhear . claude you know , Ray , I have be chew on what you say this afternoon . I think I get a plan . Ray give Claude a long look . ray be you try to tell I after all this time you finally have a plan for busting out of here ? claude shh ! be that so hard to believe ? ray do not tell I , I do not want to hear it . it 's probably all fuck up , anyway . claude you do not want to hear it , you do not want to hear it . there 's no shame in that . ray it 's too late for plan . claude never think I would hear Ray Gibson say that . Hell with you then . you would only slow I down anyway . Ray turn away as Claude walk off . a doddering inmate stand nearby slurping on jell -o . his robe hang open . ray hey , man , cover that shit up ! disgust , Ray discard he own jell -o . he pull out he daddy 's pocket watch and check the time . the little mechanical tune nag at he . he snap the lid shut and consider the watch rest in the palm of he hand . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . infirmary -- night the building be dark . but then , through a first - floor window , we see the unmistakable orange glow of a fire . int . infirmary -- night a alarm blare as the place fill with smoke . wearing a robe and slipper , nurse humphry run among the prisoner , help they out the door . ext . infirmary -- night cough and dishevel , Ray emerge onto the lawn push Willie in the wheelchair . as other prisoner evacuate the building , Ray look around for Claude , but he do not see he . nurse humphry take a quick head count . nurse humphries be everyone here ? ray hey , where 's Claude ? I do not see Claude ! nurse humphries stay calm , Ray . we will find he . Claude ! have anyone see Claude ? ray he must still be in there . grimly , Ray start toward the burn infirmary . nurse humphry hold he back . nurse humphries wait for the firemen ! ray it will be too late . nurse humphries you can not go in there , Ray ! you will never make it ! ray I be go in for he . he would do the same for I . Ray shake she off and run up the step , disappear into the burn building . int . infirmary -- night Ray dodge flame as he press into the inferno . ext . infirmary -- night nurse humphry , Willie and the rest of the inmate watch grimly as flame engulf the building . nobody could survive this blaze . from the highway come the siren wail of approach fire engine . but it 's too late . spark erupt into the night sky as the roof collapse ... ext . infirmary -- dawn Fire truck pull away from the smolder ruin . a local reporter interview witness . investigator comb through the wreckage , make note . county coroner pull a couple of gurney from the back of they van . ext . infirmary ruins -- day superintendent Bill burke be lead through the destruction by a FIRE inspector . they approach the coroner as they finish zipping up two body bag . burke how do it start ? FIRE inspector probably old wire . the place be a tinderbox just wait to go . burke I guess we should have tear this old building down a long time ago . FIRE inspector Gibson make it this far before he be probably overcome by smoke . from the look of thing , bank never even make it out of bed . burke watch solemnly as the coroner wheel the body past he . ext . prison cemetery -- day Jake and Leon shake they head and look at the two fresh grave . leon man , you really bum I out . that 's a terrible story . ( look at Jake ) nigger , you cry ? jake Hell , no ! I just get something in my eye . willie it 's alright for a man to cry once in awhile . just do not make a habit of it . leon hey , Willie , what be Claude 's plan , anyway ? willie nothing to it , really . Claude figure they could steal a couple of body from the morgue . they get a couple of cracker work there do not know they ass from they elbow . then they be gonna set fire to the infirmary and make it look like that body be they that get stick inside . Claude figure during the commotion , it would not be too hard to slip onto one of the fire truck and hang tight until it roll right on out of here in the morning . the young inmate share a look , then glance into the grave , then look back at Willie . jake what make you think it do not work ? willie I never say it do not work . Leon and Jake do the arithmetic . you can almost hear the gear grind under the strain . leon you try to tell we that 's not Ray and Claude in that box ? Willie start to chuckle and set he electric wheel chair on auto-pilot , leave the young inmate to guess at the truth . jake what do you think about that ? leon I think that old man lose he marble about a hundred year ago . come on , let 's get this over with . they pick up they shovel and go back to work bury the casket . int . greenville FIRE station -- day the camera move past a fireman hose down the truck , past another group of soot - stain firemen eat breakfast , and pause in front of two locker . a couple of firemen emerge from the shower wrap in towel and open they locker . they share a look . fireman # 1 ( to the room ) alright , which of you hambone take we clothes ? ext . yankee stadium -- day -- wide shot scalper sell ticket . vendor hawk souvenir . fan stream up from the subway and through the gate . somebody be sing " the Star -spangle Banner . " ext . stand -- day in the middle of a capacity crowd , a vendor fix two hot dog and pass they to a kid at the end of a aisle . the kid pass they to the man next to he , and so on down the line . the camera follows the hot dog from face to face , some old , some young , some black , some white -- it 's New York City , after all -- and finally the hot dog arrive in a pair of old , callouse black hand . Ray pass one of the dog to Claude . claude I can not eat this . ray why the hell not ? claude I see that hot dog guy in the bathroom urinate . he do not wash he hand . Ray and Claude glance around confuse as the wave roll through they section of the bleacher . what the fuck ? Claude inspect he hot dog . ray just put some mustard on it and eat it . claude you do not get ketchup ? ray gimme that damn thing . Ray snatch back the hot dog . claude what be I gonna eat ? Ray be suddenly young again . ray have my ice cream . Claude take the ice cream . he , too , be suddenly young again . claude thanks . they look at each other and share a laugh . ray Hell of a day for a ballgame , huh , Claude ? claude Hell of a day , Ray . yankee be on fire . Claude pop the top on he ice cream . suddenly , they be both old again . claude no , this be not gonna work either . it 's half chocolate , half vanilla . ray so ? claude they be touch . the camera begin to pull back . ray if you do not eat that ice cream right now , I be gonna strangle you until you be completely dead . claude yeah ? you and what army ? ray next thing , you be gonna be complain about the seat . claude well , if you must know , they could be closer . ray damn , I shoulda let spanky Johnson drow you in the river when I have the chance . " pipe downs " etc. from the people around they . claude ( glance around ) I know you be not talk to I ... ray I be sorry , he 's on medication ... the camera pull back as the argue continue , just like the old day . music up . the end