e LIBERTY STREET written by deborah Jones Jean abounader 1913 El cerrito place Los Angeles , CA 90068 323-874-2580 qs not fade in : a series of image and sound ( int . hospital 0.r . ) emerge from the darkness : a blast of light like a interrogation room , the flatline beep of a ekg machine . a nurse straddle a man , unconscious on the gurney . she pump he chest with all she might , she hair fall loose from the red bandana that hold it in place . medical personnel swarm around the gurney . face cover , dress in scrub suit , they look like green android .. a moment later , the surgeon make he entrance like - caesar . tuft of black hair poke through he V-neck surgical suit . nurse and aids jump to he every request . he pull the nurse from the patient 's chest . voiced=over dialogue be couriterpoint to the scene . it fade in first as two woman laughing ... the first to speak sound distinctly afro-american , South Boston . woman # 1 ( v.0 . ) George W. and Dick Cheney jump out of a plane . who hit the ground first ? ' woman # 2 ( v.0 . ) I dunno . who ? woman # 1 ( v.0o . ) who care ? afro-american hand pass a syringe to the surgeon who administer the lidocaine to the die man . nothing . still a flatliner . the nurse in the bandana hand two paddle to the surgeon . the paddle be place on the man 's chest . a beat . the man 's chest arc and fall . the american eagle tatooe on he flabby white bicep wiggle helplessiy . woman # 2 ( v.0o . ) okay , why do polish dog have pug nose ? woman # 1 ( v.0 . ) why ? : woman # 2 ( v.0 . ) from chase park car . the surgeon rip the man 's chest armpit to armpit . someone hand he a spreader . the surgeon place the instrument over the rib and crank open the chest expose the shrunken blue-grey heart . the surgeon shove he hand into the chest and begin to massage the tiny , break organ . . woman # 1 ( v.0 . ) what 's brown and ' white and look good on a lawyer ? woman # 2 ( v.0 . ) what ? woman # 1 ( v.0 . ) a pit bull . the flatline never change . after a few beat , the surgeon remove he hand from the chest , walk away briskly . the rest of the personnel follow except for the nurse in the bandana . she stare at the room which look like Beirut after a bombing . pull the spreader from the man 's chest , the nurse gently cover he as she would a ail child . alone , she begin to clean up the mess . woman # 1 ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) you know how to save a doctor from drown ? woman # 2 ( v.0 . ) no . woman # 1 ( v.0 . ) good . cur to : ext . hospital emergency room rear entrance - night two of the nurse just see be the woman we have hear tell joke . the afro-american 's nurse ( winnie ) be lean , dark , " 50 . " 's , the nurse in the red bandana be DENISE , early " 30 "s , exceptionally pretty but with eye fresh with disappointment , and a attitude tinged with sarcasm . she look as if she just figure out that life be a great cosmic joke with a bad punch line . the last name on she name tag read defiore ( pronounce de-fury ) . it fit . the woman scan the back street for someone . DENISE where the hell be they ? okay , why do hummingbird hum ? winnie why ? DENISE they do not know the word . winnie that 's a sorry ass joke , denise . ( oos | DENISE gimme a break here . what 's the eta on that bozo ? winnie Fifteen minute . sound of a quickly approach vehicle . headlights splash the dock . a siren sound . we think it 's a ambulance . it 's a pizza delivery truck . dialogue overlap . DENISE a siren . what a asshole . * - winnie it 's about time . the driver of the pizza truck hop out with a large box . pizza driver sire 's a tease . just for you . winnie you ' bout as funny as a crutch . ( examine the pizza ) double sausage , bacon , extra cheese . in the b.g. a real ambulance be heard . DENISE oh shit . winnie wait . maybe it 's goin ' uptown . the ambulance sound again . much closer . another nurse appear at the double door . another nurse hey camper , we get a black male , shotgun to the gut . winnie damn . you know the other night I have five gunshot wound , three stabbing ... DENISE --- and a partridge in a pear tree . a fresh -face , nervous intern step onto a dock . ~ winnie ( sotto ) be he old enough to shave ? DENISE he 's not even old enough to fuck . winnie laugh out loud , snort . the ambulance scream around the corner stop on a dime at the back of the load dock , a Boston police car on its tail . paramedics pull the bleed man from the ambulance , he stomach blow open by a double - barrel blast ....we hear ... " BP eighty over forty ... pulse one - ~ forty as the gurney push inside the hospital . int . hospital corridor it 's suddenly , weirdly silent except for the gurney wheel squeaking wildly over the tile floor . denise , winnie , the paramedic and even the cop exchange look , wait for the intern to bark order . DENISE ( to the intern ) what will it be , Ace ? we gotta fix this guy so Boston 's finest can interrogate he to death . the intern mumble , exhaust , panicked . the man 's chest gurgle . : intern ten cc 's of lidocaine . DENISE lidocaine ? that be the sucker 's lung collapse . the intern mumble incoherently . we hear , " BP sixty over forty ... " it 's now or never , so denise take over . DENISE ( cont 'd ) get a tube in he chest .... denise continue to bark order over the gurney as it rolis down the hall to the or ...we hear ... " large bore iv ... " the intern shake , confuse and alone . after a few beat , when it register that a nurse have take charge , the intern come to life , chase the gurney , shouting . intern wait . I be the doctor here ! CUT to : ext . boston metropolitan hospital - establishing - day int . hospital - a SMALL outer office winnie pace , glance at the door that read " Jim rivera - director of nursing '' - 0.8 . denise be heard , " he choke ... " int . office find rivera , he tense face pock - mark like the moon . denise 's voice be like the low growl of a doberman on a short leash . rivera -+- he be the doctor on call . DENISE he 's a asshole . rivera you know the rule . DENISE the rule do not say I gotta wait for some moron to figure out which end of the stethoscope to use . rivera we be offer you a suspension . without pay , of course . DENISE what a deal . + rivera I would take it if I be you . it could '' be worse . DENISE yeah . how ? rivera the family of the dead boy be not press charge . a long pause . DENISE this stink . rivera off the record . you be right . . DENISE I be not take the suspension . rivera I do not say it be a choice . for * a stand - off . i we / xy DENISE then I quit . cuT to : ext . gil' donut ~ establishing - day int . donut shop denise scan the highway , brow furrow . across from she be SAM , age ten . he know she 's worried . SAM ma , how many psychiatrist do it take to change a light bulb ? DENISE I give . . SAM none . the light bulb have gotta want to change itself . get it ? denise look at she son tenderly , wipe cherry fill from he lip , plop a celtic hat on he head . DENISE yeah , I get it , smartypant . a_car horn honk in the b.g. denise stiffen when she see mitch , a swarthy italian , wave from he muscle car . april sit next to he . barbie- doll pretty , all smile . Sam jump up to leave . DENISE ( cont 'd ) ( to Sam ) six o'clock . no excuse . gil , the 50 + italian do nut shop owner , catch Sam . gil how ' bout a hug for you old uncle . Sam hug gil , kiss he mom , bolt for the door . DENISE {about April ) that woman have more tooth than the winner of the kentucky derby . denise start to go . gil denise , wait . gil take she hand , put a wad of cash in it . denise 's jaw tighten . crying be out of the question . she put the cash in gil 's shirt pocket , shake she head , " no " . gil ( cont 'd ) what 's a old man like I gonna do with extra cash ? DENISE spend it on blond ? a look pass between they . gil gently put the cash back in denise 's hand . DENISE ( cont 'd ) you be the only good man I know . gil and do not you forget it . CUT to : ext . florence nightingale nursing service - day - establishing int . nursing service office a pasty , over - weight personnel director skim she computer while chew a milky way as if it be cud . denise wait . personnel director I have get a position as temp nurse at Liberty Street . DENISE what be that ..a shoe store ? personnel director convalescent . sort of . DENISE forget it . not my speed . personnel director that 's the best I can do , hot shot . DENISE ( get up ) I will get back to you . CUT to : int . another personnel office personnel director # 2 with all the trauma center close -- I have get nothing in a er . denise look deject . int . a third personnel office DENISE look , I would take the swing shift . personnel director # 3 I have no opening , I be sorry . int . and another personnel office personnel director # 4 ++- come to think of it I do have something ... a new hospital be recruiting ... would you consider be - locating to nova scotia ? denise sink lower in she chair . cur to : ext . copley square - restaurant - day - establishing int . restaurant denise sit across the table from a blowzy blonde ( marion ) with a no - nonsense jaw , who shuffles through legal brief . marion take a moral stand be admirable if you be jesse Jackson . so , as you lawyer , I suggest ... DENISE wait a minute , I do not want to hear that Mitch have a chance ... marion with you out of work , you better believe it . he make he support payment , see Sam regularly ... DENISE he disappear for three month with a bimbo . marion a bimbo he 's plan to marry . frankly , I think he have a good chance of get joint custody . you could have a worse guy for a ex . DENISE yeah , maybe Charles Manson . look , you do not get it . ( more ) DENISE . ( cont 'd ) if he get joint custody , it mean he have a say in what Sam do ; which mean he have a say in what I do and there 's no way in heli that slimy bastard be gonna control I anymore . marton still plan on move to California with Sam ? DENISE * if I do not have so many damn lawyer bill I would be long go . marion maybe you should have think about that before you quit you job . DENISE ( stung ) you know what 's brown and white and look good on a lawyer ? marion I have hear it . get a job , denise . any job . CUT to : int . restaurant corridor denise on the phone . DENISE -+- yeah , this be denise defiore . you know that job at that , what do you call it ... Liberty Street ? CUT to : int / ext . street / denise' car - various angle - day in she well - wear Ford escort , denise pass a sign from the Massachusetts historical Society that mark the entrance to a township call " danver " . denise rush past cape cod and federal house heavy with tradition . she check the address of @ square , brick house with a white picket fence . ivy climb the front face of 14 Liberty Street from the ground to the widow 's walk that cap the hipped roof . ext . front door denise knock . after a few beat a black man in a three - piece suit ( charlie ) , age indeterminate , answer . 10 . charlie you from the registry ? DENISE that 's I . sorry I be ... charlie . ( about she uniform ) you bring extra clothes ? DENISE no . charlie that will have to do . on denise 's quizzical look . CUT to : Pov home video camera ( int . HOTEL banquet room ) as it dip and bob close on a couple , mid-fifty . he be ruddy - face and uncomfortable in a rent tux ; she wear a " mother - of - the-bride '' polyester copy . she dab she eye . minister ( 0.s. ) +.- and on this occasion I be remind of a verse in the song of Solomon ... int . HOTEL banquet room - day the home video camera widen and swerve to reveal the couple among the other guest . White satin , lot of dove and too - tall floral arrangement thinly disguise the banquet room as a wedding chapel . the video camera pan across the aisle to the groom 's parent whose expression be pinch . minister ( 0.s. ) " my beloved be mine and I be he , he pasture he flock among the lily ... until the day breathes and the shadow flee .... a series of angle from the amateur camera person ... a little boy run he ninja turtle up the shoulder of a little girl who 's fall asleep in het mother 's lap ... minister ( 0.s. ) " ... turn , my beloved , be like a gazelle , or a young stag upon rugge mountain . '' '' Mt c€ oy , will . two women in they eighty sit beside a wheel - chair bound young woman ( gretchen ) who wear horn -rimm glass . the wheel ~chair be decorate with white satin ribbon and pink flower . behind gretchen , a soldier eye a buxom redhead across the aisle . his wife notice and elbow he sharply . minister ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) +.- for loving someone be like hold sand ... denise stand at the back of the room beside a ichabod - crane look man ( max ) who 's in a wheelchair . denise 's look be distant . minister ( 0.8 . ) ( cont 'd ) ++- close you hand tightly and . the sand drain away . leave you hand open and the sand remain . the amateur camera person move behind the minister . minister Pov the bride ( rose ) and the groom ( benjamin ) gaze at one another from match wheelchair . both be crippled by cerebral palsy . Ben take Rose 's withere hand in he . minister ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Ben , repeat after I . I Ben , take thee , Rose ... denise have have it . she slip out the back door . int . HOTEL hallway denise escape into the claustrophobic hallway rancid with smoke and earth - tone 's carpet . she pull a cigarette from she bag , light up . in the b.g. a loud " no " stop she action . a young man ( rick ) wear a trench coat and fedora 'a la bogart be mid~argument with Charlie . rick no. no. I ... I will not go . charlie Rick , I can not leave you alone . denise stare . there 's something wrong , but what ? Rick be mid-twenty with the build of a run back . his face be boyishly handsome but there be something .... disconnect ... about he . Charlie gently tug he by the arm . rick ( too loud ) no . you can not make I . you can not . 12 . charlie ; i now what do we agree on , huh ? & Rick clasp he hand to he ear , swing from side to side , the gesture exaggerated , he reaction extreme . rick I do not have to , I do not have to , I do not , I do not . on DENISE / DENISE ( sotto , to herself ) great . loonies . I hate loony . she start to walk away . hear a " hey you " but keep walk . then a " denise . " she grimace , bust . charlie stay with Rick for I . and make sure he do not run off anywhere . denise force a resign smile . Charlie duck back into the ceremony . Rick look denise up and down , nothing subtle in he examination of she . denise sense he desire to speak , but he can not engage he brain . he strain , search for every word . when he speak , he voice be thick and slightly monotone . even so , Rick 's eye , when they connect , reveal a natural intelligence . rick you be , you be not Kelly . DENISE good call , Ace . rick I be not , not Ace . I be ricky . ( in a deeper , " man 's " voice ) I mean , Rick . ( a kid 's voice again ) and , and I be not gonna talk until , until Kelly c..come . Rick plop on the floor , cross -legge in protest . DENISE Fine by I . ( light a cigarette ) wanta hear a joke ? it 's a good one . my kid tell it to I . he 's smart . ( no answer ) how many psychiatrist do it take to change a light bulb ? ( more ) 13. DENISE ( cont 'd ) ( no answer ) none . the light bulb have gotta want to change itself . Rick stare at she , blankly . DENISE ( cont 'd ) you get quite a sense of humor . rick ( about the cigarette ) that ... that stink . DENISE hey , you wanta talk or you do not wanta talk , I do not care . but do not bust my chop . . rick if you , you do not stop that , I will run , run away . DENISE be that so . a stand -off . Rick scramble to he foot , dart down the hall . denise chase after he . she swear . he 's fast . DENISE ( cont 'd : hey , hey gimme a break here . another hallway Rick run down the long hallway and out a emergency exit . siren screech . ext . HOTEL - afternoon Rick cover he ear , scream along with the siren . denise catch he , try to calm he down . Hotel personnel scurry to the scene . denise turn to see the wedding party and all of the guest spill into the parking lot , dismay . Charlie glare at denise . DENISE just a little misunderstanding . everything 's under control ... cur to : int . LIBERTY STREET - hallway - dusk denise on the phone . in the b.g. she watch a poker game between Rick , gretchen , Max and BRIDGET , a red-head with mild downs . Rick wear he fedora . SF 14 . Bridget arrange she card for the eighth time , sing along with the tv ... the " brady bunch , the brady bunch ... a bug - eye , mildly crippled woman ( justine ) struggle , but manage to pull up a chair . DENISE Mitch , I be gonna be a little late . mitch ( 0.s. ) why do not Sam just stay over ? DENISE because it 's only a few minute . {sotto , look around ) look , nobody want to get outta here tonight more than I . . mitch ( 0.s. ) you know we could avoid this lawyer thing ... DENISE oh , so you be givin ' up ? mitch ( 0.s . ) no way . for chrissake what about Sam ? we can give he more . April be home all day ... DENISE ( keep she voice down ) April be not he mother . I will be home by eight . be there . denise pace absently half - watch the poker game . Rick deal , count to himself . Max and Bridget sing the theme song , arrange they card . poker dialogue be heard ... " hit I . hit I . '' gretchen ( to denise ) ) hey , you play poker ? DENISE yeah . gretchen grab a chair . ( about Bridget ) she need a coach . denise figure " what the hell " , pull up a chair next to " Red " . Rick give she a furtive glance . denise hear a hearty laugh . denise' pov cc yy 15 . across the hall , the library of the old house be use as the administrator 's office . lucy zachary have the title . she be mid-forty , a she~bear of a woman . she talk rapid-fire on the phone , foot up on a cherry ~ wood desk . the front door open and in blast derek , early " 20 " 's , downs syndrome . he wear a " Chicken lickin " Delivery hat . he slip behind Justine , tickle she . derek tex , you she-devil . so how be the wedding ? ad lib answer . derek eye the card . look at Rick , jealousy apparent . derek ( cont 'd ) ( to Rick ) hey , bogie . poker 's only five card . you be so dense ... Rick be red-face , flustered . ad - lib from the other ... " lay off , derek ... " Rick breathes heavily , stare at the table . derek ( cont 'd ) hey , it 's not my fault he 's hopeless ... a pause . denise stare hard at derek . she hate bully . DENISE it 's another game . he just forget , the first two card be down , the rest be up . it 's call stud poker . everyone react to the word " stud " as adolescent would . ad lib " oooh , Rick " ... he smile , vindicate . a look pass between denise and Rick . a truce . derek grimace . Charlie appear , wear a apron . charlie ( to the group ) do I look like Betty crocker to you ? you all get you butt in the kitchen . help I get dinner , the game break up amid grumble . derek dart away with a look that promise a future show down . Rick lage behind , approach denise . all be forgiven . rick I ... I like you ... you be , you be pretty . pretty . DENISE even if I be not Kelly ? ~ ny ms 16 . rick ( a blank look ) Kelly ? {a distant memory ) oh yeah . you , you be prettier . ( a pause ) well . bye . he wave a wild " goodbye " on he to the kitchen . denise do not know quite what to make of this odd man . a beat . Lucy enter , talk out loud . lucy what a day . Kelly 's out for the duration with a complicated pregnancy and I be out a nurse . ( to denise ) who be you ? denise 's look say she 's about to take advantage of this situation . curt to : int . hallway ~ moving Lucy clip down toward the kitchen . denise half - jog behind . lucy do you . know what Freud write ? DENISE Freud ? Lucy | " the final therapy be love and work . " denise look rueful . what do that have to do with she ? int . kitchen denise follow Lucy . Justine , Max , gretchen help Charlie with dinner . Rick smile at denise . watch she . she do not notice . the other do . Lucy what 's for dinner , tex ? justine chili . int . staircase iucy huff and puff . denise be close behind . 17 . r™ lucy . " they take turn with the menu . her q chili could take the skin off a snake . ~ int . second floor restore wallpaper and oak wainscoate . denise and Lucy . Lucy five bedroom up , three down . eight resident . Rose and Ben be we first marry couple . you know the word , " convalescent " . it 's suppose to mean , " become well again . " most of the time it translate as " wait to die " . trust I , nobody wait at Liberty Street . for anything . DENISE good . . lucy you bet it 's good . and if anybody on the outside refer to this place as a '' home '' they answer to I . ( point at the room ) gretchen 's a librarian , sharp as a tack that one ; tex be a clerk , Max work for a publishing firm as a indexer . everybody who life here learn to go out in the world just like you and I . DENISE teach ‘em to join the rat race , huh . sometimes I be not so sure it 's a advantage . Lucy you would if you could not do it . a pause . denise consider the implication . DENISE what about that guy , Rick ? Lucy he 's new . we be still try to place he in a job . DENISE rs he seem , I do not know ... different . R for lucy lo head trauma . hit by a car when he be sixteen . 18. DENISE Jesus . Lucy oh , he 's on the road to recovery . {on she look ) his memory 's not great , he 's easily frustrated and he 's get a helluva temper but he iq be well above normal . physically , he 's fine . mentally , emotionally , that 's something else . his mom 's keep he at home much too isolate . DENISE will he ever be ...uh ... Lucy " normal ? " whatever that be . ( shaking she head ) ) we toughest case . he 's a grow man with the personality of a moody adolescent because he mother refuse to let go . we job be to channel all that energy . DENISE Rick 's or he mother 's ? lucy both . so . why would you quit the e.r.? DENISE ( off guard ) let 's say management and I have a parting of the way . lucy okay . this place be a far cry from meatball surgery . DENISE sound good so far . Lucy the work be one on one , mostly tedious and very repetitive . there 's no instant gratification , no adrenalin high and I have not save a life since the cat choke on a fur ball . DENISE look , you need a nurse and I need a job . do we have a deal or what ? 19 . lucy ( chuckle ) okay , you have get a shot . but do not think you can phone it in , denise . folk here be not street - wise but , believe I , they be also not pot plant . see you Monday . CUT to : ext . apartment build - establishing - night in a white - bread ghetto in a town call peabody save from terminal despair by the dense New England foliage . int . denise' apartment denise stare at Sam 's empty room a glass of wine in she hand . it 's fill with stuff little boy love . nintendo . a spiderman poster . roller blade . the phone ring . denise jump , run for it , follow her to the live room . Chaos . there 's a dining room table san chair , a tv dinner on a cardboard box un - eat . a map of the U.S. be pin to the wall with the route from Massachusetts to California high - light in bright orange . the tape machine pick up . f™ ) denise' voice a I do not feel like talk so leave a message if you want . marion ( 0.s. ) it 's marion . we be go to court . no date set . Court 's jamme ... denise swear , turn down the volume , pour more wine . cut to : int . gil' donut - morning denise check she watch ; brood . in the b.g. gil swear in italian at a red-headed boy with a mouthful of brace . gil crueller . you burn my crueller ! red -headed boy I be sorry , Mr. giambalvo . gil sorry . you be always sorry . get out of here with " sorry " . go on ... oo the red-headed boy grab he backpack , rush to the door . gil see denise search the highway , chew she nail . he hand she a cream puff . 20 . gil ( cont 'd ) since my sylvia die , may-she-rest - in - peace , I fall in love with only one other woman . DENISE a big mistake . gil you be tell I . the dream I have . sylvia haunt I for week . every night I see she . ( denise eye he ) okay , it could have be I have bad pepperoni . I do not know . ( she shake she head ) come on now . you be gonna give yourself a ulcer . Mitch 's muscle car pull in , screech to a stop . gil ( cont 'd ) he 's still Sam 's papa . DENISE do not remind I . Mitch see denise , ignore she . denise grimace at he , as Sam race into the donut shop . he open he backpack , separate he weekend clothes from he schoolwork . DENISE ( cont 'd ) sammy , where you be ? SAM sorry , Mom . we get back too late . dad buy I skiis . DENISE skiis . do he think every weekend be Christmas ? and anyway , there 's no snow . SAM there be in Canada . DENISE Canada . he take you to Canada . that 's another country . SAM I know , mar . we have it in geography . April have a cabin . denise slide a look to gil . wo ) ? 21. SAM ( cont 'd ) . dad think I should spend the summer with they , you know to have a family atmosphere and stuff . denise be stung . she grab Sam 's stuff , push he ahead of she out the door . DENISE we will be in California by then , remember ? a " family atmosphere " . what do he think I be , chop liver ? cot to : a series of shot ext . STREET - day denise chase derek , aka " Mr. Chicken lickin " with he forget lunch . Rick trail , watch she closely . int . LIBERTY STREET - hallway - day denise and gretchen walk and chat jostle by Rick , who be too attentive , nervous and always in denise 's path . close on picasso' " mother and child " - ( int . museum ) - day wide to reveal denise and the resident listen to a tour guide . Rick 's focus on denise ; he mimic she reaction . int . LIBERTY STREET ~ kitchen ~ day Rick tag too-close behind denise as she do she chore . int . LIBERTY STREET - basement day Charlie and denise work on a cranky hot water heater . Rick be perch on the stair , watch ... always watch . DENISE ( to Charlie , sotto ) what 's with he ? charlie Rick . he 's bored . and he like you . hey , who know what go on in that head . Rose play checker with he once and he ask she to marry he . DENISE he 's drive I nut . cur to : < o ) . 22. int . LIBERTY STREET ~ library - day the resident be watch a video . narrator . ... latex condom help to prevent the spread of disease , particularly aids ... Rick , uncomfortable , shift in he chair . derek slump . Justine , Max and Bridget watch , interested , but blase . narrator ( cont 'd ) ++- the condom should be fitte over the penis before sexual intercourse ... derek no joke . this be stupid . the woman " shush '' he . the narrator continue in the b.g. derek pull a dirty picture from he wallet , push it in Rick 's face . his mouth drop open like he 's be harpoon . derek ( cont 'd ) how would ya like to pork that one ? rick p... pork ? gretchen ( turn to the guy ) shut - up scumbag . Rick look hurt . derek laugh . rick {to derek ) shut up . you shut up . Rick stomp from the room , disturb , confuse . he pass denise in the hallway , a look of anguish on he face . DENISE be the video over ? ( Rick shake he head " no " ) you gotta question ? ( a more vigorous " no " ) what 's the problem ? rick bath ... bathroom . Rick escape down the hallway leave denise annoyed . ( o> 23. int . bathroom -- moment later Rick slam the door like he 's chase by demon . he lean back on it , sweating , eye shut . after a few beat he step to the mirror , look at he face . his hand reach up , touch the shadow of he beard . he examine the hair poke through he shirt . he look frighten as if the face look back at he be foreign . rick {to the mirror ) ricky ... where be ricky ? he repeat he name as if it be connect to a distant memory . someone pound on the door . he jump . derek ( 0.5 . ) hey , stop play with yourself . other people have gotta go . cut to : ext . LIBERTY STREET - back yard - day part of the yard have be paved to make way for half - court basketball . a slower version of the game be in progress . even resident in wheelchair can play . denise wander out . Rose and Ben , back from they honeymoon participate . Ben make a basket , Rose motor over , kiss he . good-nature ad lib about " the mushy stage " .are heard . derek ( sotto to Rick ) ) hey , I get more photo . ( miming breast ) one have hooter to here . Rick glare at derek , take the ball out , throw it awkwardly to Justine . she fake out Max and sky-hook a great hoop . Rick " high fives " she . derek wolf whistle at Justine . he nudge Rick , whisper something dirty in Rick 's ear . Rick lose he temper , push derek , who swing , landing a soft blow to Rick 's arm . DENISE knock it off , guy . ' derek ( push Rick ) yeah , re-tard knock it off . rick ( scream ) I be not retarded ! oe _ 24 , Rick punch derek square in the face . derek collapse like a break doll . he rolis on the ground , blood spurting . Rick fall on he , grab he by the throat . denise jump on Rick 's back , try to pull he off derek . the other resident scream at Rick to stop . DENISE stop it , Rick . stop it . look at I . Rick stop , look in denise 's eye . but he do not remember she . she catch she breath , he rage intimidating . he look at he 's swollen fist , at derek writhe under he . Rick 's mood swing from rage to confusion . he jump off derek , turn to denise . when he eye finally register recognition he be overwhelm with sorrow . rick I use to be different . I use to be , to be different ... denise chill at he panicked insight . rick ( cont 'd ) help I . help I find he . please , I know you can help I . DENISE who ? find who ... Rick grab she around the waist , bury he head , sobbing . denise be embarrassed . his desperate , uncontrolled reaction unnerve she . she look around for help but the resident have turn they attention to the bleed derek . cur to : ext . danver community hospital - establishing - evening int . emergency room denise on the phone , angry . DENISE Mitch , it be a emergency ... then the night nurse call in sick . dr . jake mayer enter . in surgical green , he be dishevel , bushy -haire with wire - rimmed glass . jake ( call , mispronounce she name ) denise de.. fire..y. a ala 25 . DENISE {to the doctor ) defiore . that 's I . hold on . ( into phone ) I - gotta go . we will talk about it later . can I say goodnight to my son now ? fforce a smile to Jake ) Sam . I will see you tomorrow . I love you , honey . good night . ( hang up , to Jake ) my kid . he 's ten . with my ex . why be I explain myself ? Jake be attract to she . - it be not mutual . jake Jake mayer , on -call -doc-for - Liberty ~ Street . at you service . DENISE quite a title . jake glad you like it . denise gesture ... " what about the guy ? " -) CC jake ( cont 'd ) oh right . derek 's nose will be sore awhile though possibly not as long as he pride . I give they a sedative . how about you ? DENISE what about I ? jake catastrophic reaction can shake a person up ... if she 's unprepare . . DENISE thanks for the news flash . jake how about dinner tomorrow night ? DENISE what about it ? jake you . me. lobster . DENISE do you always come on this strong ? 26 . jake ( glance at he watch ) only when I have get about thirty second to make a impression . DENISE no thanks . jake if you change you mind .... DENISE --- I know where to find you . cur to : ext . hospital - evening - later denise between derek and Rick walk briskly to the van . there 's still a stand -off . denise halt . DENISE okay , shake hand . rick he start it . derek do not . DENISE it do not matter who start it . I be end it . shake . a begrudge handshake . no eye contact . denise climb in the van . derek start for shotgun just to annoy Rick . rick my seat ... that 's my seat . denise lose she temper . over -react . DENISE enough . both of you . Rick , get you butt in the back seat or walk home . Rick hang he head , obey , heartbroken . derek be quiete by denise 's outburst . she mutter ... " I hate this job " . cur to : int . LIBERTY STREET - kitchen - night the house be quiet . denise put down a magazine , rub she eye . she feel a presence , turn . it 's Rick , dress in p.j 's with he fedora . ( CO . een 27 . . and he 's the last person she want to see . she get up quickly . rick what , what be you do ? DENISE nothing . make something to eat . rick grill cheese . DENISE what ? rick my favorite . I would eat , eat one every day . I use to make they ... ( strain for memory ) ++- at least I think I do . but now , my ..-.my..m.. mom will not let I . she say I forget too much . well. goodnight . ( a pause ) I bugge you before . I , I do that a lot . I be sorry . he turn to go . feeling guilty , she soften . DENISE hey wait . hhold out a skillet ) nobody 's around . give it a whirl . Rick 's eye light up . he move to the stove , take the fry Pan . denise turn on the griddle , toss butter on it . she slice the cheese , hand the slicer to Rick . he take it , grateful , slice a piece . DENISE ( cont 'd ) yeah , I think we get another Paul prudomme on we hand . rick who ? cur to : int . kitchen - later denise and Rick be eat they way through a stack of grill cheese sandwich . rick thank ... thank you for let I ... for let I try . @r 28. DENISE no sweat . rick I like it here . do ... do you like it a little , little bit ? DENISE it 's better than nothin ' . ( soften ) what I really want be to take my son and move to California . rick . California . it 's warm . and far . DENISE you say it . ninety - five to the Big Apple , a hard right and three thousand mile out highway eighty and then you can fall right in the sand . Rick mimic she hand gesture . his watch beep . Rick pull he pill Rick rap from he pj top , pop one . rick I ... I shake if , if I do not . I be , I be not right up here any more ... on he head . denise stop he . DENISE who tell you that ? rick my my mom . but I know . DENISE how do you know ? rick I , I remember . DENISE what do you remember ? rick I remember from before . before the accident with the car . I remember I use to play football . ( squint , search he damage memory ) and read . I use ... use to do read . my dad would read . he 's dead . and swim . sometimes I read . now. some ... sometimes . ( more ) 29 . , rick ( cont 'd ) . my mom be sad . she do not like it oo when I kiss she . anymore . there be a long pause . denise be touch . DENISE ( slowly ) when you be , upset ... you want I to help you find someone . do you remember ? rick ( nodd ) ) for , for a long time I have dream . I have dream of car . crash .. and , and when I wake up , I would look for he . all over the hospital . the nurse would , would get mad . DENISE him ? you mean you father ? rick no. no. bog.. bogie . DENISE why be you look for humphrey bogart in the hospital ? rick I , I see he . on tv . bogie know , know everything . I , I think if , if I could find he , he could tell I , tell I why ... why everything hap , happen to I . denise catch she breath at he admission . Rick absently pick up a magazine . : rick ( cont 'd ) practice . I have to practice read . i.. T will not be a .... a man until I have a job ... ( a beat ) I , I want to be a man , a man like bogie . DENISE you wanta read to I ? ry he nod he head quickly .... he look at the magazine . squint . put a hand over one eye . ~ 4 rick other ....wise ...i.. I see d... double . ( more ) ne cc S 30 . rick ( cont 'd ) ( read ) with ... it 's...giant ...redwood .. denise stare at Rick , touch by he sweet look , sadden by he trappedness . cur to : int . a limo / moving - morning a woman be glove hand pop open a bottle of pill . one be remove , the cap replace . the label read " Eleanor Spencer . valium . 10 mg . '' ext . LIBERTY STREET - moment later the black limo stop by the front gate . the chauffeur open the door for eleanor spencer , late " 50 " 's , elegant , crisp , petite . as she clip up the walk a word come to mind : brittle . int . LIBERTY STREET - hallway - later denise walk by Lucy 's office hear what a psychologist would term a voice full of " passive aggression " . eleanor ( 0.s. ) I be hopeful tht the situation here would work out . ricky want it so much . but if the boy can not get along ... . int . lucy office Lucy and Rick on one side . Eleanor on the other . Eleanor 's best weapon be she smile . Lucy Mrs. Spencer , we be like a big family here . Rick be not use to it . he will adjust . rick t'il ... I will adjust . eleanor ( sweetly ) you will " what " , dear ? Rick strain but he can not remember what he just say . he grimace , frustrated . Eleanor slide a " see what I mean '' look to Lucy . . Lucy Rick , do you like it here ? do you want to work thing out ? — '' 31 . rick work thing out . I like it here . lucy good . I want to do that , too . eleanor ricky , would you get I some more coffee ? Rick nod a quick yes . he hurry from the room . eleanor ( cont 'd ) for Rick to make major decision for himself ... it 's too much to ask . Lucy Rick be capable of do much more or I would not have he here . eleanor {another tactic ) I be sure Liberty Street be a fine choice for people do not have option but ricky be not one of that people . int . hallway Rick hurry past denise , deeply concentrate on not spilling he mother 's cup of coffee . denise can not tear herself away from the conversation in Lucy 's office . Charlie saunter by . DENISE ( about Eleanor ) ) who die and make she Queen ? charlie they throw away the mold when they make she ... good thing . rick ( 0.s. ) ( anguish , too loud ) I will run away . I want to live here . T want a job . just like everybody , everybody else . eleanor ( 0.s. ) Richard , what have I tell you about public display of emotion ? DENISE she 's a bully . why do she have to be a bully ? — 32 . int . lucy office I eleanor t ricky , do you know how lucky you be ? you do not have to work .... denise enter like a whirlwind . Rick brighten up when he see she . Eleanor note he reaction , frown . DENISE sorry I be late . Sam forget he homework so we have to go back . you know kid . so , be Rick gonna join the rest of we workin ' stiff ? I know of a job in a do nut shop . rick donut . donut . I love donut . Eleanor look at Lucy with a " who be this ? '' expression . DENISE ooffer she hand ) denise defiore , Mrs. Spencer . Lucy denise be Kelly 's replacement while she 's on maternity leave . eleanor I see . DENISE so , gil 's ready to give he a shot . eleanor gil ? DENISE yeah . my uncle . it 's he do nut shop . rick donut . donut . donut . Eleanor put she hand firmly on he shoulder to silence he . lucy Mrs. Spencer , I recommend that Rick take a job as soon as possible . be eleanor . perhaps in a few month ... wd lucy ~ T will put it another way . ( more ) a 33. lucy ( cont 'd ) cc™ . it 's the only way he can remain a ses '' ) resident here . that be the agreement . rick ( passionate ) mom. mom. Mom . I be , I be not go back with you . I , I get stupider and stupider there . I will run away . be Eleanor look away , embarrassed . and she 's in a corner , eleanor under the circumstance , I suppose I have no choice but to go along with you wish . rick do , do I get to work , or what ? Lucy you get to work , my friend . rick yippee ! of , Eleanor stiffen as Rick give she a sloppy kiss on the cheek . ) he dart from the room ... " hey , Charlie , guess what '' . . eleanor I only want what be best for my son . Lucy Mrs. Spencer , I could not agree more . Excuse I . Lucy exit . denise start to go . Eleanor stop she . eleanor miss ... defiore . be that italian ? DENISE yes , it be . and I prefer " Ms. " eleanor in the future please consult I before make plan for or with my son . a long beat . denise hold the older woman 's stare . no sweat . DENISE sure thing . cur to : coe teper 34 . ext . LIBERTY STREET driveway - day denise chase Lucy to she car . Lucy remember two thing : patience and repetition . DENISE why I ? Lucy because somebody 's gotta be Rick 's coach . DENISE I - know nothin ' about donut . Lucy then you will both learn something . and besides ... it 's overtime . Lucy chuckle as she drive away . denise throw up she arm . CUT to : int . LIBERTY STREET - day denise pace nervously . gretchen and Justine ad lib about '' the first day at work " . a beat later . rick ( 0.s. ) I be ready . Pov resident and DENISE they jaw drop at the sight of Rick on the landing . on rick who wear a suit , a tie and , of course , the fedora . ext . bus stop = day on Rick , ( san suit ) . include denise as the bus pull up . DENISE get off at Red Hill . I will follow in the car . Red Hill . rick Red Hill . Rick step onto the bus , denise dart for she car . 35 . ext / int . denise' car / CITY bus - moving denise follow the city bus . Rick wave at she cheerfully . denise be see mouth the word " Red Hill " . another angle a tan chevy cut denise off . she swerve , swear . the bus get away from she by a couple of block but it stop at the Red Hill intersection . she see Rick 's head stick out from the window . as he look for she , the bus pull away . on DENISE who chase the bus . at the next stop she pull in front of it . the driver can be heard swear . she jump out , yell for Rick to get off . he bounce down the stair as though nothing happen . rick Red Hill . Red hill . DENISE Red Hill . right . CUT to : close - up ( int . donut shop - back room - day ) a mound of donut batter mixing in . a industrial mixer . gil ( 0.s. ) it 's all about have a system , my friend . another angle gil , denise and Rick . Rick nod , smile , blankly . gil while that batter igs mixing , we be roll and fry ... like a assembly line , you know , rick a line . I can draw a line . Rick 's blank expression do not change . gil look at denise . DENISE he will get it . he will . a few foot away a dozen or so raw donut be ready to meet they fate in the deep fryer . of oo ) 36 . gil . now , we pop the little beauty like so ... ( lob the donut into the grease ) keep in mind which one take the first plunge cause that 's the one that will flip first ... he flip a donut , hand the spatula to Rick . Rick look at denise . denise try it first . success . Rick try ; flip the donut so hard that it land by the back door . Rick gasp in surprise ...uh- oh .... DENISE maybe something a little easier . a series of quick cut gil demonstrate how to sugar- coat donut . Rick drop a open box of powder sugar on the counter . sugar fly everywhere thoroughly coating gil , denise and himself . Rick have manage to cover himself head to toe in green frosting ; he resemble the jolly green giant . Rick wax the floor . gil and denise round the corner , hit the wax floor like they be on ice skate . rick ( like a commercial ) clean and shine instantly . gil maybe he would be better out front . int . donut shop - day denise read the paper as Rick wait behind the counter for a customer . a huge trucker enter ; tattoo on arm the size of pork loin . Rick see the man , run around the counter , greet the trucker like a long , lose relative complete with bear hug . gil enter from the back room . see the scene . rick we be so so glad you be here this morning . donut be so good . how about a donut ? gil be too stunne to move . fortunately , so be the trucker . denise jump up , grab Rick , pull he away fumble excuse . gil pour a cup of coffee , offer it to the confuse trucker . gil {about the coffee ) here ... on the house . 37 . of with DENISE and rick rick do I do something bad ? DENISE no hugging , Rick . Men shake hand when they meet on the. job. ( shaking he hand ) just say to the customer " hi , how be you today ? " . rick ( smile prightly ) how be you today ? CUT to : ext . LIBERTY STREET - day Charlie clip the hedge . denise pace . DENISE Rick understand each task . I know he do . but he can not remember the task in sequence . charlie show he real slow . he 'li get it . but I mean real slow . denise nod . cut to : int . the donut shop - a series of shot denise and Rick mix the dough . denise go through the process but this time , slowly . the batter be rolied out , cut with the do nut cutter . denise and Rick deep fry the donut . Rick gently flip each do nut successfully . denise smile . a small victory . dissolve to : later .... denise and Rick prepare a new batch of batter . denise crack a egg . a bell ring . gil ( 0.8 . ) os denise , can you get that ? lf DENISE ( call back ) ~o okay . { more ) od 38 . DENISE ( cont 'd ) ( to Rick , slowly ) add four egg , then turn it on . the bell ring again . denise disappear . Rick add three egg . he hear sizzling from the deep fryer . Rick examine the deep fryer . he plop in several raw donut , step back to the batter . he add four more egg . it 's soupy . he add flour , forget to measure it . and baking powder . he hear sizzling . turn to see smoke from the deep fryer . Rick scurries to the deep fryer , quickly flip the donut , now thoroughly scorched on one side . int / ext . donut shop - back door denise wait impatiently for a vendor to count he delivery so she can sign for the order . she glance at the street and she eye catch something curious . denise' Pov the Spencer limo be park a discreet distance away . the chauffeur be clearly visible , the back window crack just enough for a clear view of the donut shop . denise squint at the limo , curious ... rick ( 0.s. ) help ... int . donut shop Rick hop like a jump bean from the deep fryer to the mixer . all of the ingredient and , even worse , the machine seem to have a mind of they own . while pull the , now blacken , donut from the fryer , Rick turn to see a huge mound of white dough emerge from the mixer , like " the blob " on the move . Rick 's eye widen . rick help , help . it 's try ... try to get away .... on gil and DENISE who race to Rick 's aid only to discover the scene of the disaster . Rick look helpless in a sea of batter as smoke rise from the char remain of the donut in the b.g . cur to : int . denise' apartment - night denise , run on empty , shut the light off , head for she bedroom . she see Sam 's light be on . 33 ; int . sam' room nintendo may have be invent in this room . Sam be hunch over he laptop computer , write furiously . his clothes , book have be sort into neat pile . DENISE what 's doin ? SAM Book report . White fang . SAM . so I will not forget stuff . ( he point ) ) tomorrow I be here but Thursday I '11 be at dad but - I have baseball too , so I have my glove plus my over - night stuff . Friday be : a math test so I put a sign that say " math " so I do not forget my book . DENISE ( guilty ) I be sorry , Sam . I wanta spend more time with you . SAM come on , mar do not get mushy . it 's no big deal . denise be conflict in emotion ... glad that Sam seem well - adjust and sorry because divorce ais a big deal . she think a bit , we see a idea begin to brew . DENISE Sam .... do you think you could help I with something ? CUT to : int . donut shop - back room - day gil , Rick , denise and Sam DENISE Rick this be my son , Sam . they shake hand , take to each other instantly . ad lib hellos . DENISE ( cont 'd ) Sam give I a idea . yo oo ) . 40 . SAM it 's all about have a system . gil smart kid . a series of shot a sign that read # 1 be hang by Rick 's chef 's hat and apron by the back door . Sam point at the sign . Rick take the hat and apron , put they on , eager to please the little boy . another sign that hang over the mixer . it 's a picture of six egg on the first line , three cup of flour on the second , and so on , the mixer have a # 2 on it . Rick look at the picture on the sign , begin to go through the motion they describe . he look to Sam for approval . on Sam , gil and denise 's reaction . Sam '' high fives " he mom . later ... denise , Sam and gil watch Rick as he place the finish donut one by one on a tray . he look up , proud . Sam give Rick a " high five " SAM Way to go , . rickmeister . CUT to : int . LIBERTY STREET - kitchen - day Rick join the other resident in the morning routine of get ready for work ... grab jacket , a last bite of toast ... make lunch . denise be fill pill bottle . Charlie come in the back door . charlie wagon train 's leavin dodge . the resident head for the van . Rick start for the front door . Lucy pass through . charlie ( cont ’d ) Rick , you comin ' with we ? Rick continue out the front door , mumble ... " Red Hill " . Lucy {to denise , about Rick ) good work , coach . '' ) , 41 . DENISE ( blush ) thanks . CUT to : int . donut shop - day gil hand Rick a envelope . Rick open it . Cash . gil you be do a great job , son . rick wow ! this be mine ? I must be rich . ext . donut shop - day Rick run from the donut shop wave the envelope . denise and Sam , wait in the car , join in he excitement . int . sporting . good store - day Rick and Sam . this be - serious . too many choice . SAM Rick , check it out . blade runner . denise 's eye cross at the think of Rick on high - tech roller skate . her eye catch a bin of football . she grab one , arc she arm for a pass . DENISE hey ... Rick instinctively trot down the aisle as if go out for a pass . ext . park - day denise take photo of Sam and Rick play catch with the new football . Sam throw a pass to Rick . he react too late and the football slide through he finger . Rick pick the ball up , turn it over slowly . denise watch . what be he try to remember ? Rick look up , smile . he gesture for Sam to run . when Sam be well down field , Rick let the ball fly . a beautiful pass . Sam toss the ball to Rick . it 's a wild throw that run Rick into a couple be picnic . Rick catch the ball mid-air , save the startle couple but frito be airborn . 42 . denise wave for Rick and Sam to come closer together so she : can get another snapshot . she do not see a raggedy man , waver , drunk approach she in the b.g . he put he hand on she shoulder to steady himself . raggedy man hey , pretty lady ... denise spin around ready to fight . but Rick be by she side in a instant . Sam stay a safe distance behind Rick . raggedy man do not go gettin ' all excited . I 's just in need of spare . change . denise touch Rick 's arm . DENISE it 's okay . she give the man some money . raggedy man thank you , m'am . the raggedy man hurry away . Rick relax . denise be touch ~ a ' by he protectiveness towards she . ) DENISE well , I see chivalry be not dead . Rick look at she , blink . rick huh ? as quickly as he respond be how quickly he slip away . Sam run out for another pass and the game begin again . denise watch Rick . her expression be wistful . cut to : ext . a fast food drive - in - day Rick hurry to the window . denise and Sam follow . rick Three . Three chocolate cone . counterman comin 's up . a { Rick lean on the counter , proud of himself . he look at od denise and Sam stand a few foot away . he like this role . _ Rick and denise 's eye meet . there be no doubt at this moment , ~ he be with she . t ' 43. there be mutual recognition of something else beginning between they . the man at the counter , interrupt . counterman ( cont 'd ) here you go . that will be four-fifty . ( about Sam ) you boy sure take after you . there 's a awkward pause . denise blushes . Rick nod , smile . int / ext . denise' car / moving / road - late afternoon horse graze . behind stone wall build pre-revolution . in the ’.g stand stately colonial mansion that have be ya ga father to child for generation . rick there 's the driveway . paid . I get pay today . DENISE pretty good deal , huh . denise turn into the long , horseshoe - shape driveway . the house be majestic , regal . Sam and denise be in awe . rick i... I do not have a place to put it . my money . SAM wow . this be better than a castle . denise search the car , pull out a old do nut box . DENISE put you money in this . but make sure nobody know where it be but you . it 's a secret . Rick nod , climb out . a uniform butler appear at the front door . Rick wave to he . ad lib goodby . in the rear ~ view mirror denise see Rick disappear into the house . for the first time , he have not watch she go . her brow furrow . int . spencer mansion foyer Rick playfully toss the football to harold . the butler be surprised and drop it . Rick pick it up , toss it up in the air . they laugh . harold it 's nice to see you in such good spirit . rick I have fun today . 44 , Eleanor enter . ; eleanor & what be go on ? she see the football and over-react . eleanor ( cont 'd ) give the ball to harold , ricky . rick no . it 's mine . rarold it 's my fault , Mrs. Spencer . Eleanor 's look be better than a order . harold gently take the ball from Rick . eleanor go and wash up for dinner , Rick . {he pout ) right now . Rick be humiliate and hurt . he stomp up the stair . oo int . spencer estate - dine room - night : ) formal . elegant . it would be intimidating if it be not so : lonely . Rick and Eleanor be seat alone at a brazilian rosewood table that can accommodate twenty . a clock in the b.g. accentuate the silence . after a long pause ... rick ( slowly ) denise take Sam and I to the park . Sam be she little boy . ( laugh , forget himself ) she be ... she be so fun ... funny . she have ice cream on she nose . on the tip . otouch he nose ) right here . eleanor do miss defiore give you the football ? rick I , I give it to myself . denise take cy I . we go to the , to the store and she say with my money I could have anything I want . a rarr 45 . eleanor . miss defiore take you to the store . '' be the other resident along ? harold serve the main course . rick just I . and Sam . her son . denise be my best friend . eleanor ( disapprove ) miss defiore be you nurse . she 's sort of ... a employee . like harold . rick harold be my friend . eleanor yes , but he work for we too . you must remember the difference . rick ( troubled ) I do not , I do not understand . denise be , be my friend . rarr 5 eleanor bat you dinner , dear . ' rick ' ( softly ) i.. I want my football back . eleanor nlook at he plate ) be a good boy and eat you broccoli . you have not touch it . Rick be profoundly frustrated by Eleanor 's dismissal of he . rick I want my football back . eleanor now , Richard . I have hear all I want to hear about the subject . Rick begin to cry quietly . rick you do not listen . you never ... never listen . go 46 . eleanor ( call ) harold . {on the butler 's appearance ) I think ricky be overly tired this evening . would you take he up and see that he get to bed . harold nod . he be gentle with Rick . harold come with I , ricky . on they exit , Rick can be heard .... " why do not she listen ? " the SOUND of the clock tick Eleanor continue to eat alone . be all the more noticeable . int . rick's bedroom expensively furnish but cold - and oddly non-descript . the only photo be one each of Eleanor and and Rick 's father in separate silver frame . Rick lie on he bed read a book . Hand over one eye , he mouth the word . after a few beat , he put the book down , rub he eye . he frown , look at he closet and be suddenly curious . he open the walk - in closet door like a archeologist in search of past treasure . he see brown box stack ' loor to ceiling . Rick open one , find a teddy bear and other child 's toy . he put they back , try another box . Rick pull out a football jersey , number " 59 " . under it , he find a high school yearbook . he thumb through the book , a puzzle look on he face . he stop . stare . we see what he 's look at . there 's a photo of himself , year young , wear the number " 59 " football jersey . his arm be around a pretty blonde girl . the look on he face become strain . he squint , try to retrieve a memory . after a beat , he shake he head in frustration , pound he fist . cuut to : close on snapshot of rick and SAM ( int . denise' apartment ) denise smile at the picture , put it on the refrigerator . cur to : ext . spencer mansion / eleanor's bedroom - early morning elegant , un -live in and drape with black - out curtain . Eleanor sleep with eye-shade . distant sound of laughter awaken she . groggy , she get up , go to the window . when she move the curtain , brilliant morning light pour in . 47 . eleanor's Pov in the back garden , Rick , wear he old football jersey , have the staff engage in a game of touch football . bessie , the cook throw a pass , landing the football in the birdbath . everyone laugh . Rick glance up , see Eleanor stare at they . his expression cause the staff to immediately stiffen . Rick , defiantly retrieve the football from the birdbath and toss it to harold . on eleanor as she shut the curtain , once again close out the light . her face be in shadow but she body droops into a side table . she put she head in she hand , weep silently . alone . cot to : int . spencer mansion - drawing room ~- afternoon Eleanor take tea with brooke cromwell and daughter , cathleen , mid ~ " 20' " '' . she be the blonde in Rick 's high school yearbook . cathleen --- so I have be accept to the doctoral program at Harvard . eleanor congratulation , dear . bitsy , you must be so proud . brooke we be . a SOUND in the foyer draw cathleen 's attention . she look hopeful . brooke ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) Eleanor this have be such a lovely afternoon . I do hope you will consider work with the committee . we just do not see enough of you anymore ... noise 0.s. like a flash , Rick enter toss he football up and down . cathleen redden . rick guess what happen , oh hi . eleanor ricky , you remember Mrs. cromwell and ... cathleen . 48. rick ( stare hard ) wee nowe . cathleen bite she lip . after a beat , she speak . too loud . catrleen we ... use ...to be .. in the same ...class ... in high school . rick I ... I do not ... , remember . ( sotto to Eleanor ) ) she 's deaf , huh ? Eleanor be mortify . ext . spencer mansion ~ front lawn Rick toss the football up and down . cathleen follow she mother to a mercede . the young woman look over , smile at Rick with tear in she eye . Rick look puzzle . he just can not remember this woman be he girlfriend in high school . CUT to : int . donut shop ~ day Rick enter with a tray full of donut . two 's ingy -t punk be there . gil 's hand be behind he head . rick ( to punk ) ) hi. how be you today ? ( about gil 's hand ) be that a game ? punk with gold tooth yeah , it 's a game wise ass . lose the donut and get over here . gil do. what they say , Rick . Rick look puzzle , but put the donut down , approach gil hand behind he head . both punk be shaky , strung - out and badly in need of a fix . punk # 1 put the money from the cash register in the bag . rick that 's gil 's money . punk with gold tooth no shit . 49 . ro gil : '' 4 forget that it 's my money , Rick . qo Rick 's pill beeper go off . he reach for he pill . punk # 1 ( grab Rick 's hand ) hold it , wiseass . : gil his medication , he need it . punk # 1 he will not need nothin ' if he do not listen : up . Rick start to get mad . rick ( loudly ) ) you be a bunch of ...of.. jerk . jerk . punk # 1 what be you some retard ? Rick 's temper flare . he slug the punk in the face , scream for fiercely . the punk drop to he knee , blood spurt from he 5 ) nose . his friend do not know what to do . . rick = be not a retard ! I be not a retard . and you can not have this money . this be gil 's money ! punk # 1 that asshole break my nose . the punk with the gold tooth , panic , pull a gun . when Rick see the gun , he scream , go ballistic . he start throw anything he can at the punk ; trays , donut , a coffee machine . the punk with the break nose crawl to the door . gil duck from fly object . he throw cash at the punk . gil do not shoot . take it and go . but Rick be unstoppable . he heave a chair at the punk but it miss and crash through the store window . the punk shoot at Rick , also miss . in the b.g. a crowd gather , a police siren be heard . the punk beat a hasty retreat . ext . donut shop - later the area be jamme with police , news team , on -~ looker . gil can be see talk to police . a reporter be see give a eyewitness account . 50 , reporter - late this afternoon two armed gunman attempt to rob this donut shop but they be foil by shop employee , Rick Spencer ... can you step in , Mr. Spencer ... a arm be see gently push Rick on camera . Rick smile and wave into the camera . the reporter be not sure what to do with this . int . denise' apartment - ( on the tv screen ) Sam watch tv , see Rick . SAM hey , mom . look at the tv . DENISE no tv before homework ... SAM but it 's Rick . denise run in , look at the screen . DENISE oh my God . curt to : int . emergency room - night Rick , shirtless , be examine by Jake . Charlie , from Liberty Street , stand by . Jake peer into Rick 's ear . jake look like everything in there be face the right direction . Rick laugh . denise be heard os .... " Rick Spencer ... " Jake smile when he hear she voice . Rick notice . jake ( cont 'd ) in here . denise appear out of breath . DENISE hi , Charlie . ( to Rick ) be you okay ? ( to Jake ) be he okay ? sl. , jake . f~ he will be fine . can I see you outside , a minute ? ie ( to Rick ) you be outta here , buddy . Jake and denise exit . Rick tense . charlie what 's the matter with you ? rick he like denise . I hate he . Charlie roll he eye . here we go again . int . emergency room hallway DENISE what 's up ? jake what do you call ten lawyer up to they neck in cement ? DENISE '' a joke be not what I have in mind . ~ {a beat ) okay , what ? beet jake a good start . ( she laugh in spite of herself ) listen , I would really like to take you to dinner on Saturday . ( she balk ) ) no commitment , no string , no ulterior motive . just dinner . DENISE you forget to say " nothing up my sleeve " , jake that too . bxcept my arm . DENISE what be I suppose to do , drop dead ' cause you get a cute come on ? vt jake maybe you do not like guy who wear glass . o ) 52 . DENISE maybe I do not like guy who wear stethescopes . dust then , a rush of voice and movement be heard from down the hall . Eleanor appear trail by overwhelm hospital staff .... " you can not go back there ... " eleanor I demand to see my son . Jake and denise buck up for the offense . suddenly ally . jake it 's okay , Jackie . hello , Mrs. Spencer . we meet at Liberty Street . I be ... eleanor I know who you be . where be Rick ? Rick appear from the emergency room . rick Mom , what be you do here ? eleanor be you all right ? I be worried sick . rick why ? I be ... I be fine . jake Rick 's great . a real trooper . DENISE ( point , to Eleanor ) he handle himself really well today in a tough situation . Charlie slap Rick on the back . Rick grin , proud of himself . eleanor I suppose I should not be surprised that you all look upon this as another amusing anecdote ... jake Mrs. Spencer , it 's not like that . eleanor he could have be kill . DENISE but he be not . 53 . eleanor '' nignore denise ) Richard , we be go home . Rick pull away , step behind denise . rick no . I do not want to go with you . denise , do I have to go with she ? denise be between mother and son . Eleanor 's eye bore into she . DENISE ( to Rick ) it 's you decision . rick Liberty Street . Liberty Street be where I live . Eleanor fragile ego be beginning to crack . she stare in she son 's eye . eleanor ( softly , point ) this people be stranger ... I be you mother . I know what 's best . Rick twitches , agitate . upset . as a doctor , Jake step in . sare Mrs. Spencer , with all due respect , Rick be a adult . eleanor and in you opinion , doctor , will my son ever be capable of make decision ... as a adult ? jake he 's improve rapidly . in time , I be sure ... eleanor will he be " normal " ? Rick crumble under Eleanor 's interrogation of the doctor . rick I ... I have a good job ... I be ~ learn ... 34 . jake f™ ( slowly , hold he ; anger ) the I be not sure any of we can predict ~ the future . eleanor Rick , what do I ask the doctor just now ? Rick screw he face up . he can not handle she . jake that 's enough , Mrs. Spencer . as the patient 's physician ... Rick lose control , bolt down the hall . scream . rick I be not go with she . I hate she . I hate she . denise and Charlie run after Rick . the color drain from Eleanor 's face . jake om you will have to leave , mar 'am . 2 ) int . broom closet - later Rick sit in a corner . the door open abruptly . denise stick she head in , nearly leave but see he . denise close the door , sit beside he . rick why do my mother hate I ? DENISE she do not hate you . rick she do not want I to be a man ... like everybody else . DENISE listen to I . it 's not up to she , it 's up to you . Rick stare at denise for a moment . she put she hand on he arm . he smile . grateful . cut to : int . spencer mansion - drawing room - day Lucy and Eleanor . Eleanor have have too much scotch but she continue to 's drink alone . 55 . eleanor what do you expect of I , Ms. Zachary ? I see my son on the news have go berserk in the face of a gun . I arrive at the hospital and be greet with a attitude that be worse than ... cavalier . it be madness . ( she take a drink ) my boy , my boy who will never go to college , who will never .... {voice trail ) and now you tell I he do not want to see I . me. I be he mother ... Lucy I be sorry , Mrs. Spencer . eleanor it 's that defiore woman be not it ? ricky have always be so gullible . Lucy denise be do she job ... eleanor turn my boy against I be not oom part of she job . ) lucy Rick be a twenty - five year old man make great progress toward become independent . at least part of the credit go to denise . I wish you could see that . eleanor independent , I would not cali it that . argumentative ... and now he will not speak to I . {a pause , she be sloppy ) it 's not right . lucy Mrs. Spencer , I hope thing change . I truly do . I '11 see myself out . the door close softly behind Lucy . Eleanor be alone . she continue as though Lucy be still there . eleanor my son die , you know . people say for he do not but I know better . co + . ad her voice fade into choke sob that echo in the empty ls room . cuUT to : 56 . close ~- tv screen ( int . denise' apartment - evening ) humphrey bogart to dooley Wilson , " you play it for she , you can play it for I ... reverse angle Rick , in he fedora , mouth the word . Sam be entrance . rick / bogie if she can stand it , I can stand it . play it ! int . denise' bedroom in the b.g. " as time go by '' be heard . denise on the phone . DENISE when Sam come home it 's like toy r' we have a fire sale . mitch ( 0.s. ) what be so terrible about a father give gift to a son ? DENISE you do not have the money . you be goin in hock tryin ' to buy he . mitch ( 0.s. ) that 's bullshit , denise . DENISE and skiis . do you know how many kid come into the er ... mitch ( 0.s. ) Jesus , he 's not make of glass .. int . live room denise can be heard in the b.g. Sam look sad . Rick instinctively know why . he put a arm around the boy . Sam bury himself in Rick 's big shoulder . int . bedroom denise pace , grow more angry by the second . DENISE ( into phone ) ..- Christmas a boy should be with he mother . mitch ( 0.s. ) why do not we let Sam decide ? ay ( cd 57 . DENISE he 's a baby ! mitch ( 0.s. ) not anymore . DENISE this be between you and I . mitch ( 0.s. ) then between you and I : get help . you have turn into a tough -ass , cold bitch ... int . live room denise can be heard slamm down the phone . she mutter . silence . Rick look worried . he have a idea , nudge Sam . int . bedroom the wall begin to close in on denise . she be furious . she fling the phone across the room : but then , something outside pull she attention . what she see , calm she . denise' Pov Rick and Sam ride by the window on a bicycle . Sam be on the handlebar , and both make funny face in the window at she . they make another pass , this time 's a different , funnier posture . Sam wear Rick 's fedora . a third pass . even better . denise be charme by he offer of comfort . she laugh until tear roll down she cheek . ext . apartment build Rick and Sam 's antic see from the outside as they pass the window , hop off the bike , try a know posture and ride past the window again . int . apartment .- kitchen / dinette - later Sam wait for dinner at the table . denise and Rick in the tiny kitchen . denise remove the chicken from the oven . Rick can not take he eye off she . rick I ... I can take that . DENISE careful . it 's hot . but not as hot as the look that pass between they . Rick hold it a beat too long . denise look away . scare . >) é 58. SAM hey , what 's the hold up ? DENISE eat you salad . int / ext . denise' car / LIBERTY STREET - night denise and Rick . denise have something on she mind . rick thank you for dinner . DENISE . thank you for make I feel better . rick I ... I make you feel better . ( she nod , he be proud ) I make you feel better . DENISE yeah ... he then ... he remember something that bother he . rick that ... that doctor . Jake . do he .. he make you feel better ? DENISE ( startle by the question ) well , I do not know . I do not know he very well . rick they say I could not walk . they say , they say I could not do anything . DENISE the doctor ? when you get hurt ? rick ( he nod ) but it be not true . I walk . ( a beat ) I ... I use to drive . ( a beat ) I remember . DENISE that 's great . that you remember . rick will you let I try drive ? ( more ) 59 , rick ( cont 'd ) {on she look ) you let I try grill cheese . DENISE driving 's not like that . rick doctor be stupid . denise look away , she emotion confuse . rick ( cont 'd ) when be you go to California ? DENISE I ... it 's warm ? he mimic denise from a earlier conversation , hand movement and all . rick straight out highway 80 , three thousand mile ... DENISE you be not like anybody I have ever meet before , you know that ? int . LIBERTY STREET - live room Lucy look out the window , see denise and Rick talk in the car . it 's late , 11 o'clock . she frown . int / ext . car Rick and denise be quiet . Rick 's pocket beep . DENISE you better go . Rick nod , exit the car . he watch denise drive away . CUT to : int / ext . denise' car/a deserted parking lot ~ day denise and Rick in denise 's car . Rick behind the wheel . DENISE how do you talk I into this ? rick +- cause I be like nobody you have ever meet before . J 60 . DENISE okay , okay ... position number one . Rick go through the motion . rick one . right hand here . Park . two . right foot . brake . Three . right hand . Key . DENISE one more time . rick - but we have do it twenty time . DENISE a couple more , a series of shot ( int / ext . denise' escort ) Rick start the car . he smile . he turn off the ignition . Rick drive a few foot , slam on the brake . the engine die . driving slowly in a straight line , Rick signal leave , turn right . the escort move to the end of the parking lot , stop . back up . turn right , drive to the other end of the parking lot . int . car Rick and denise . rick pretty good . DENISE not bad for a beginner . rick ( shouting ) ) I can drive again , I can drive again ... denise laugh at he exuberance . Rick start to drive in figure eight . she laugh harder . a few beat . rick ( cont 'd ) I like it when you laugh . DENISE {after a pause ) we better get back . 61 . ext . LIBERTY STREET - day Rick and denise laugh and walk onto the grounds . int . live room Lucy see Rick and denise , see the electricity between they . she frown . CUT to : int . LIBERTY STREET ~ live room - night Ben hoid a cup of punch in " toast " position . benjamin derek , we all wish you good luck in you new apartment ... another angle the resident raise they glass . ad lib " hear , hear '' . denise , Charlie and Lucy join in . Lucy notice . that Rick be watch denise 's every move . gretchen --- and heaven help the single woman of Boston ... ad lib comment ... '' you can say that again " . someone turn on the music . Lucy ( to denise ) can I see you a minute ? on derek and rick rick ( offer he hand ) ) good luck , derek . I mean it . derek good luck to you , man . ( palming something into Rick 's hand ) you be gonna need it . derek laugh maniacally . Rick examine the item pass by derek . it 's a condom . derek laugh harder at . Rick 's examination of the thing . rick Big deal . I have see it before . this be a far different reaction from Rick . derek give he a high five ....- . 1s ese ser ) a 7 62. int . lucy office Lucy and denise mid-conversation . lucy take Rick home with you be not ... good form . DENISE he 's not a pot plant . lucy where have I hear that before ? look , it 's easy to become attach to people like Rick . everybody go through it . DENISE you make he sound like a case of chicken pox . lucy I do not mean to . ( a pause , serious ) you be crossing the line , denise . rs Rick have a crush on you . that 's f° dangerous . q DENISE it 's normal . I be he teacher . Lucy from he point of view . but what about yours ? {on she reaction ) he 's a good look man . he 's get better all the time . DENISE what be you say ? Lucy I be say maybe you be think about you need , too . maybe you be encourage he . DENISE ( flustered , angry ) ) I do not get it , Lucy . you expect I to help Rick see the possibility of life , to encourage he to join . the rest of we schmuck in the rat race but then I have to say to he it 's all over at six o'clock when I - go home . there 's a real world out there but we friendship be fake ? oo ) eo . 63 . Lucy it 's you job . DENISE oh. well . it 's my job . that make it easy . there 's a impasse . a knock at the door . Justine be heard . justine ( 0.s. ) Lucy , Lucy . derek want to say something to you . lucy be right there , tex. ( to denise ) think about it . Lucy leave denise alone and confuse . int . hallway denise try to shake off the conversation with Lucy . she hear giggle from the kitchen . denise' Pov derek and Rick be fill up the condom with water . _ rick this make a great ... great water balloon ... Rick 's snap into juvenile behavior sadden denise . and it scare she . int . lucy office denise retreat to think . she make a decision , grab the phone , punch a number . wait . DENISE hi. be Jake mayer on tonight ? cuut to : int . denise' apartment - bathroom - evening denise primp in the mirror . she look great . Hair pull up . she fuss with she bang . hate the hair and pull it down . the doorbell ring . she jump like she 's gun shy . int . hallway denise open the door , startle to see how different Jake mayer look when he 's all clean up . he 's almost handsome . the approval be mutual . a | '' ) , 64 . ext . the apartment build Jake and denise walk towards Jake 's jaguar . she shy from he touch . jake you call take I by surprise . DENISE ( nervous ) keep ‘um guess that 's my motto . jake it work . another angle Rick step off the bus , hold a bouquet of flower . he start for denise 's apartment but what he see stop he . rick's angle denise and Jake slide into a sleek white jaguar . denise do not see Rick . on rick the surprise ruin , he do not know what to do with he feeling of anger , jealousy , hurt . he stand still , shake by a barrage emotion that be overwhelming . int . / ext . jaguar - evening as it speed north on highway 128 . jake you like seafood ? DENISE anything but sushi . jake I either . remind I of bait . ext . LIBERTY STREET - back yard - a short time later Rick march quickly , awkwardly to the basketball court . he begin to bounce the ball in a frenzied game with himself and he unknown terror . he play and Plays and play - until he collapse in a heap , exhaust , sobbing . CUT to : ext . rockport - night a fishing village perch on the cliff of cape Anne . the white clapboard church in the town 's square face east , as a ~) 65 . if to wait for the fisherman to return from the Atlantic that loom vast and dark . the jaguar slide to a stop by the dock . it 's winter , dark and nearly desert . Jake and denise walk toward the boat . jake I guess you figure out I hate crowd . DENISE as long as you be not a axe-murderer I guess it 's okay . int . the cabin of a fishing boat convert into a pleasure boat , it 's retain a funky charm . denise can not get over it . Jake grin know it 's impressive . DENISE it 's , it 's ... be it yours ? jake mine and the bank' . totally impractical but ... ( turn on jazz I would want a boat all my life so ... DENISE ( impressed ) well , you get one . later .... dinner . Fresh cut flower . Champagne . he even cook . DENISE my pathology section be never that funny . jake you do not have Dr. Smith . that guy be so dull he could have be mistaken for a stiff . denise laugh . Jake gaze at she , charme . jake ( cont 'd ) you have get a great laugh . denise drop she eye . jake . ( cont 'd ) so where be you before Liberty Street ? after a beat , she look up at he long and hard before decide to dole out a bit of information about herself . ee eee 66 . DENISE . spend six year in the re . guess I have a good case of burn - out go . Mitch , my ex , use to say when I be home I be not really home if you know what I mean ... jake my ex put a picture of I ona milk carton with a note that read , " have you see this person ? " but please , continue . DENISE . but I be good at what 1 do . and then one night the emt bring in a black kid who would be blow apart by @ shotgun . we have a intern on he first er rotation and he choke . so i-ignore he . I do what I have to do to save the kid . jake do you ? dentse oo no . he die on we anyway . oy jake a the creep . DENISE the slug intern convinced the great White father that it be my fault . that be that , baby , I be out , ( denise retreat ) wanta hear a joke my kid tell I ? how many shrink do it take to change a light bulb ? jake none ... DENISE a real gentleman fake it if he know the answer . Jake move across the table to kiss she . she move away . he sigh , sit back . , . jake when you fall off a horse you be suppose to get back on . DENISE do not I tell you . I be allergic to horse . wo ) , 7 a 67 . jake of 's there be shot for that . 2 DENISE do you have a answer for everything ? jake I be work on it . CUT to : int . denise' apartment - later denise and Jake . denise wave goodbye to a babysitter . SAM mom. DENISE hey , rumor have it that you be asleep . SAM who be you ? DENISE _ this be Jake . 4 a jake ( shake hand ) you , pal . Sam be not about to leave they alone . Jake retreat . jake ( cont 'd ) T will call you . DENISE thanks . int . sam' bedroom denise tuck Sam into bed . DENISE goodnight . SAM Mom . do you like that guy ? DENISE he 's okay . SAM do you like he much as Rick ? od | 68 . DENISE ( a beat ) you should be asleep . SAM I like ' Rick better . DENISE be that so . SAM yeah . DENISE goodnight . sleep tight . SAM do not let the bed bug bite . int . live room denise pull she shoe off , slump in a chair and stare out the window . light a cigarette . after a beat she stare at it , squash it out . CUT to : int . LIBERTY STREET / kitceen - later that morning gretchen and Bridget on the Way out , ad lib good ~ bye to decorate with a string of mul ght . they even blink . . ent denise . '' en color Christmas gretchen ( about she chair ) think it will become a trend ? DENISE what if you short out ? gretchen it 's one way to get a perm . they exit , pass Charlie who carry a box of a long-stemmed rose . charlie {hands they to denise ) guess you have a secret admirer . denise tear open the box , find the card . read it . DENISE : hope this be a answer for monda . morning blue . Love , Jake . of cc ) . 69 . she hunt for a vase . Rick enter , smile when he see denise . she be hum , happy . his smile fade to anxiety when he see the flower , the card , especially the signature . denise turn , see he . she blushes . DENISE ( cont 'd ) off to work . rick yeah . a awkward pause . he stare at the rose . DENISE from a friend . rick yeah . Rick leave abruptly . denise feel guilty , run after he . ext . STREET denise catch up with Rick . it 's cold . snowy . DENISE hey , I almost forget . ( on he turn ) Christmas . Sam and I would iike you to come for Christmas . gil too . : rick ( beam ) ) me. DENISE yeah , you . : rick okay . Rick try he best to control himself , to act like a adult but when denise walk away he jump up and yell " whooppee " . cur to : int . a mall - night the Christmas rush be on . denise zigzag between shopper , past various store overflow with elve , tinsel and the trapping of what we have come to know as Christmas via madison Avenue . int . a toy store denise dart into the crowded store , head for the nintendo aisle . eee 70 . she grab one and head for a spot at the crowded check - out counter . she see someone who stop she cold . denise' Pov Eleanor Spencer buy toy . video game mostly . but denise notice a kite . High tech . a stunt kite in the five hundred dollar range . clerk how old be you grandson ? Eleanor do not make eye contact . eleanor son. he 's ... he 's sixteen . denise lean . against the display , suddenly empathetic . clerk have a nice Christmas . on DENISE who try to stay hide but another customer shove she from behind , right into Eleanor . they ere suddenly face . speechless . Eleanor redden , catch in the @ eleanor oh. hello . DENISE Mrs. Spencer , I want to call . Christmas . I mean , you probably have plan but .. I mean , it 's Christmas and it would be a good time for you . and Rick to .. not that I want to butt in . I be make a .... eleanor what time ? DENISE time . oh. Three ? be three too late ? eleanor _ Three would be fine . without another word , Eleanor slip into the crowd . denise can not believe what she just do . CUT to : int . denise' apartment / kitchen - day denise in a battle with several steam pot on a overcrowded stove . 71 . cr . we hear gil , Rick , Sam and a video game in progress in the 5 b.g. denise pull a turkey from the oven , begin to baste . D ) the doorbell ring . DENISE somebody get that . SAM ( 0.s . } okay , mom . a few beat . it 's too quiet . denise shove the turkey in the oven , run to the live room . int . live room Eleanor stand in the doorway in a full - length blackglama mink load with gift . Rick , Sam , and gil be speechless . DENISE Mrs. Spencer , come in . merry Christmas . gil come to life . ad lib ... " let I help you ... " , he take she coat , as she step inside the live room . the unpack look have be replace with Christmas cheer . Rick 2 " who invite she " look on he face . he stalk to the kizchen . ~ denise follow . i on eleanor's reaction to the off~camera diaiogue . rick ( 0.s. ) why . -. why be she ... she here ? DENISE ( 0.s. ) she 's you mother . rick ( 0.s. ) she will wreck ... wreck everything . DENISE ( 0.s. ) it 's Christmas .. give she a chance . rick . ( 0.s . ) {after a beat ) okay . but only , only for you . cut to : int . dine room - later everybody be cramme around a small table load with food . gil denise , you have outdone yourself . ad lib of agreement . denise sit . there be a pause . 72 . DENISE Sam , would you say grace ? SAM do I have to ? {on she look ) ) okay . everybody join hand . a awkward moment . Rick and he mother look at one another . he take she hand . denise hold he other hand . SAM ( cont 'd ) for what we be about to receive let we be thankful . amen : eleanor that be very nice . CUT to : ext . a field ~- evening gil , Rick and Sam in the snow with the stunt kite . it 's tricky , require both hand to maneuver it but Rick manage . Eleanor and denise watch quietly . eleanor y thank you for a lovely dinner . ; DENISE you be welcome . a long pause . eleanor Sam have a good relationship with he father ? DENISE yeah .. yeah , he do . wish I have the same . we be at each other 's throat . just can not agree anymore . especially about Sam . ( a beat ) sorry . I guess it 's rude to air the dirty laundry . eleanor ( absently ) we all have we demon . with a subtie glance to Eleanor , denise wonder what she mean . but Eleanor cover immmediately . eleanor ( cont 'd ) Sam seem to be a bright boy . i ) , ) DENISE yeah . he be . thanks . eleanor how oid be he ? DENISE ten. almost eleven . eleanor a wonderful age . denise frown , wish she could say something more to this woman but the distance be too great between they . instead they fall silent and separate as they watch Sam and Rick play together with abandon . cur to : ext . STREET - evening denise kiss Sam goodbye . Mitch and April wait in the car . SAM happy New Year , mom . DENISE happy New Year , kiddo . Sam dart across the street , climb into the car . int . LIBERTY STREET / kitchen - same time Rick on the phone . the ring , ring be heard . int . denise' apartment the phone be ringing . denise run in , pick up . no one there . she shrug . the doorbell ring . DENISE what do you forget ? she open the door expect Sam . it 's Jake , in surgical green , with boffer , a party hat and noisemaker . jake happy New Year . DENISE you look like a psychotic elf . jake that 's the nicest thing you have ever say to I . it 's my first New Year 's ( more ) serb | cq 74 , '' jake ( cont 'd ) Eve off duty in six year . tell I you have no plan . cur to : int . LIBERTY STREET / rick's room - niget Rick alone on the bed , stare at the ceiling . the door blow open . derek appear all dress up . derek let 's go , bogie . it 's New Year 's eve. int . a single's bar - night the joint be jamme with yuppy out for a good time . derek be in he element as he shove he way to the bar . he mime " two beer " because he can not be hear over the noise . Rick look at the place like he 's just land on another planet . two . women in slinky black dress and high - tech war paint have Rick in they sight . the taller of the two , a pouty - ~- lipped red - head slide over to he , point to the dance floor . he sort of nod but that 's all she need to take he hand . as the red-head pulis Rick through the crowd he search in vain for derek . too late , he 's on the hook . derek shove he way to the spot he leave Rick , a beer in each hand . he lcok around , finally spot Rick dance , ix you could call it that , with the red-head . he catch Rick 's eye and hold the beer stein in a " toast " . cuT to : a montage of juxtaposed shot int . restaurant - night denise in a drop-dead red dress , Jake in a tux , dining . int . danver bar Rick and the red-head dance slowly . she nibble he ear . ext . newberry STREET denise and Jake pass the glisten shop as a gentle snow fall . int . a crowded party - boston Jake and denise dance in party hat and streamer . q 78. int . danver bar Rick and the red-head " count down " with the crowd . we hear " ten , nine " ... the red-head kiss Rick and fondle he pants . Rick be startle and suddenly overwhelm by it all . he jump up and push he way to the exit . int . the crowded party - boston with the crowd , count down ... " five , four , three , two , one , happy new year " . Champagne cork pop , balloon drop , confetti fly . Jake lean down , kiss denise tenderly . ext . danver STREET - night ~ later Rick walk home see @ party at a neighbor 's . happy couple kiss , champagne flow . Rick be sad , bewilder . int . denise' apartment hallway - late night denise walk into the apartment . she shake he hand . DENISE thanks . I have a nice time . jake Nice ? there must be someone else . DENISE ( too quickly ) no. uh. no one . jake then I hope to see you soon . re kiss she on the forehead and be off down the hallway . cuT to : int . donut shop ~ day Rick with a customer . denise watch how much he 's grow . rick -.-- three , four and five ... have a nice day . the customer smile , exit . DENISE you know what . you be not like everybody else . ( Rick tense ) you be a lot nicer . ( he look away ) that be a compliment . & d 76 . rick I call you last , last night . DENISE oh. rick I ... I bet you , you have a good time . DENISE yeah ... I guess . rick derek , derek and I go out . DENISE good ...good . I be glad . rick ( with grow anger ) we have a really good time . really . really . with girl . Girls . he exit abruptly repeat himself . denise ii depressed . a series of shot int . concert hall - night denise and Jake at the opera . denise try to stay awake . ext . jake' boat / rockport BAY Jake drive . denise stare at the horizon . int . another fancy restaurant - night Jake try hard to cajole denise with he sparkling wit . ext . LIBERTY STREET - evening Jake 's jag puil up . denise hurry to it , climb in . she see Rick watch from he window . she look away , guilty . CUT to : int . LIBERTY STREET ~- hallway - evening denise check the kitchen , call . DENISE Lucy ... Lucy , I be leave . ( check the live room ) jeez , where would everyone go ? ( knock at Lucy 's door , enter ) 7 wren 2 ' ss aes 77 . int . lucy office denise knock and pop she head into the office , DENISE Lucy ...? the resident , Lucy , Charlie , jump out and yell " surprise ! " scare denise half to death . ad lib of glee about the success of the venture . gil and Sam appear . even derek . DENISE ( cont 'd ) I do not believe this ... ( to gil and Sam ) you guy .... {to derek ) derek , welcome back . derek single guy never miss a party . SAM be you surprised , Mom ? it be Rick 's idea . from the corner , Rick wave sheepishly , a truce . DENISE h , I sure be . ( kiss Rick on the cheek ) thanks . this mean a lot . int . live room - later the party have spread out . denise sit in the middle of a stack of gift . a cake be on the table . the front door open , Jake appear with a - .armload of champagne . jake surprise ! ad lib welcoming Jake ... " all right , Doc " ... Jake , hi " ... jake ( cont 'd ) let pop this puppy , have a toast . derek now you be talkin’ . Champagne glass be pass . Jake pop the cork . ad lib as glass fill . Rick watch Jake with denise like a hawk . 78. jake oraise he glass ) to the best and most beautiful nurse in this or any other state . happy birthday . " oooh '' from the crowd when Jake kiss denise on the cheek . derek ( to Rick ) ) down the hatch , my man . Rick slug back the champagne , derek refill he glass . dissolve to : later ... present be stack beside denise . she open a box , pulis out a pair of '' " boffer " , put they on . everyone laugh . DENISE ( read a card ) ) " from one psychotic elf to another . '' ( a look to Jake ) thank you . quizzical ad lib about the note . jake trust I , you have to be there . derek ( a little tipsy ) kiss she for chrissake . denise blushes . Jake , seize the moment , kiss she on the mouth . " och " and " '' aah " be heard follow by a crash . Rick be suddenly on top of Jake , pull he away from denise . rick ( slurring he word ) stop it . stop . stop touch she . jake take it easy . DENISE Rick , do not . calm down . the room be deadly quiet . Rick stop . the champagne have go to he head . he stagger . and then he see Sam and be embarrassed . he step over he friend , trip as he try to get out of the room and stagger up the stair , mutter . rick I hate doctor . ae os ser tvp re 5 79 . { Lucy follow he quickly . J , cut to : & int . restaurant - day denise and Jake . jake what 's up ? DENISE I be ... we should not see each other . jake listen , have I know Rick be so nut over you , I would never ... DENISE it 's not ... we be go too fast . jake we can slow down . ( she shake she head ) medium . a nice medium pace . like a jog ... what ? ( he try dangerous ground ) it would not be the first time a nurse have fall for a patient ... DENISE do not be stupid . jake Rick 's in love with you . DENISE do he even know what that be ? jake do anybody ? ( @ pause ) ) he 's a grow man who 's get better all the time thanks in large part to you . and I be a jerk to make a case for the competition . DENISE ( point , but he miss it ) ret he 's not you competition . '' jake look . you be only human . do not they teach you that in nursing school ? fc . 80 . DENISE you wanta know what they never teach I in nursing school ; that be " only human " and be " only a nurse '' be not the same thing . before he can stop she , she dart away . CUT to : ext / int LIBERTY STREET / denise' car ~ day denise light a cigarette , put it out . chews she nail . a few beat . she make a decision ; get out of the car . int . LIBERTY STREET - upstair hallway Rick walk from the bathroom to he room , a ice pack on he head . denise appear on the landing . DENISE Rick .... he go quickly to he room start to shut the door . rick I do not , do not want to , to talk . DENISE please . . a beat . unable to refuse she , he let she in . rick do you hate I ? DENISE I could never hate you . we be friend . rick good friend . DENISE yeah . but friend have gotta let each another have other friend . rick even if the other friend like you too ... too much ? DENISE even then . ext . LIBERTY STREET - same time the limo slide to a halt . Eleanor step out briskly . ee ee ee ial gl . int . rick's room with Rick and denise . rick but I want you and I to be ... special ...to be like Ben and Rose . DENISE they be marry . rick we could be marry . I ... I love ... denise put she hand on he lip . tear come to she eye . he take she hand away . . rick ( cont 'd ) I love you , denise . I know what what that mean . I , I know I do . int . LIBERTY steet - downstair hallway Lucy and Eleanor . ad lib hellos . eleanor I hope Rick be free this evening . lucy he 's in he room . Mrs. Spencer , I be glad you be work thing out with Rick . Lucy study Eleanor . be there a crack in the armour ? Eleanor smile slightly . eleanor thank you . Lucy turn away . a victory . Lucy ( to herself ) yes ! int . rick's room denise and Rick sit dangerously close . DENISE why do you have to make this so hard ? rick let , let I ... kiss you . p..please . she barely nod . Rick kiss she softly , sweetly but after a beat he can no longer hold himself back and it become 82. passionate . denise return the passion . they do not hear a f~ soft knock , the quiet open of the door . Eleanor stare D ) at they . shock . then angry . a she -wolf protect she cub . v eleanor get out . denise and Rick jump apart , embarrassed . DENISE oh my God . it 's not what you think . eleanor do not insuit my intelligence . DENISE just let I ... eleanor spare I . Rick , get you coat . you be come with I . rick no. eleanor con i say , get you coat . for support . DENISE go on . go with she . eleanor I do not know if there 's a law against a nurse exploit a patient , but there should be . DENISE Mrs. Spencer , it 's not like that . eleanor when we leave , I expect you to tell Ms. Zachary of you behavior . in any event , I will see to it that you have no more involvement with my son . Eleanor exit quickly . denise be overcome with rage , with embarrassment . she put she head in she hand . a few beat . Lucy appear . Lucy what 's wrong ? CO . 83. DENISE ( look away ) I .. I let . I let Rick kiss ...me. Lucy that would explain the look on Mrs. Spencer 's face . DENISE there 's more . ( a pause ) I kiss he back . if you say " I tell you so " , I swear to God I will jump out that window . : cur to : int . jasper - night the best restaurant in Boston . Rick and Eleanor . rick I ... I want to know what .. what you say to denise . eleanor — _ her behavior with you be '' 4 inappropriate . rick {too loud ) ) I love she . eleanor ricky , lower you voice . ( a pause ) ) you do not love she . she 's just a nurse . rick I love she . I kiss she . eleanor ricky , I be sure she make you think it be you idea but woman of she type have a way of manipulate innocent people like you . rick I be , I be not innocent anymore . £ eleanor ~) what do she do to you ? ae rick nothing . you , you do not listen , 84 . eleanor I have allow you to move away from home , I have allow you to have a job and I have allow you to practically cut I out of you life . ( a pause ) but I will not stand aside while a woman like that try to take advantage of you . I only have you best interest in mind . how can possibly sit there and accuse I of not listen ? Rick sink lower and lower in he chair . CUT to : int . spencer mansion - drawing room - nigrt Eleanor on the phone . eleanor Robert mccarty please ... CUT to : int . LIBERTY STREET - lucy office - night out the window . Lucy on the phone . denise lucy +-+- that 's the story Freeman , what do you think ? olisten ) uh huh . Robert agree ? ( a beat ) i. think so too . thanks , Freeman . night . Lucy hang up , tap she pen . DENISE I will get my coat . Lucy Mrs. Spencer 's be on the phone with half the board ... DENISE great , so half the town think I be some low - life nurse have sex with Rick to get control of he money . Lucy she do not say that . siiieiesiieiabiaiiads — 85 . _ DENISE dy she do not have to . Lucy where you go ? denise do not answer . CUT to : int . . denise' apartment - night Sam and denise enter . denise flip on the light . DENISE straight to bed . we get a big day tomorrow . SAM ' what 's go on ? DENISE it will be a surprise . Sam shrug , wander off to bed . denise stare at the map of California . she begin pull empty box from the closet . cur to : int . spencer mansion - hallway - night Rick overhear Eleanor on the phone . eleanor this be the most painful decision I have ever make , but I can not have Rick run the street at the mercy of people who will take advantage of he . what would become of he if I be to die suddenly ? ( listen ) } I know you would understand . first , I will move Rick home , then we will have he declare incompetent . Rick 's head jerk at the word . he mouth it ... to remember . int . rick's room Rick tear through the dictionary . he find the word . ry rick . ( read ) 7 ) in..com..pe..tent ...one .. who be mentally ... handi.. handicapped . no ! gé. he run to he closet , grab a overnight bag , begin to stuff it . he grab he fedora and trench coat . ext . spencer mansion - driveway Rick sneak down the driveway careful to avoid the glare of the security light . it 's just beginning to rain as he climb over the stone wall , disappear . ext . a phone booth it 's now pour down rain . Rick be soaking wet and shiver . on the phone . it 's a busy signal . int . denise' apartment denise be pack she box . the phone be off the hook . ext . phone booth Rick be shiver , desperate . he pick up the receiver , punch " 0 " . rick hi. how be you ?... oh. I need a phone .... a phone number . ( listen ) what ? okay . int . derek' apartment it 's as tacky as one can imagine . derek watch donna reed re-run . the phone ring . derek yo. ( he sit up ) ) sure , bogie . take it easy . do not go anywhere . : ext . phone booth derek 's beat - up chevy barely roll to a stop as Rick make a dash for it . int . derek' apartment Rick in a blanket . derek give he a cup of soup . derek do not let you old lady say you be a nut case . i iaiiaimitiiaait Te et 87 . rick no way . derek good for you , man. {a pause ) } how you gonna stop she ? rick denise . tomorrow we will find she . CUT to : int . denise' apartment - morning the whole place be pack up . Sam take a box out the door . denise on the phone . mitch ( 0.s. ) always gotta buck the system do not you , denise . you way be the. right way . but what 's it do to my son ? DENISE you son . I be not the one who run out on you son . I be not the one shack up with a blonde bimbo . mitch ( o.s. April talk to I ... DENISE talk . that 's not what I see ... mitch ( 0.s . ) --- we communicate . you oughta try it some time . DENISE : hear this . Sam will communicate with you when we get to California . mitch ( 0.s. ) no way ! we gotta court date ! denise slam the phone down . she turn , see Jake . jake can I help ? DENISE grab a box . Jake follow order and denise out the door . a ) ) 68. int . hallway Jake and denise . dentse you be not go to try to talk I out of this be you . | jake would not think of it . DENISE good . jake okay , I lie . do not leave . DENISE why should not I . jake I , I like you . alot . ext . apartment - day denise head for she escort that now have a U-haul attach DENISE t xnow I . jake I know you be a great nurse . so you have burn-out . you get a bum wrap from that intern but ... denise toss the box in the back of the U-haul . DENISE but what ? you know , I have have it with people tell I what 's wrong with I . I have a boss tell I I have get a problem with authority because I would not wait for a punk intern to pull he thumb outta he mouth . then i- get a over-stuffed , over ~ privileged blue blood snob sayin ' I be a slimeball who 's seduce she son for he money . and just now , my ex , who walk out on I and my kid ... ( she choke up ) -+- tell I I be the one who 's wreck Sam 's life . and now I get you play Dr. Freud ... jake I be sorry , okay . look , I care about you . I want we ... 89 . DENISE there be no we . I lie before . when you ask I if there 's somebody else . there be . there 's Rick . which make no sense . and believe I , I be praying it would work out with you but ... ( the raw truth ) you be a doctor . and I just can not get beyond that . Jake suddenly look as though all of the oxygen have be suck from the planet . denise close the U-haul . DENISE ( cont 'd ) ( holler ) Sam , let 's hit the road . Sam run to the car . denise slide in the driver 's seat . she look at Jake , certain this will not kill he ; there 's just nothing . more to say . Jake can not move .. he watch denise 's car drive out sight before he sit slowly on the curb , shake to the core . cur to : int . derek' apartment - live room - morning derek stumble from the bedroom , look at the cicck . @ derek oh shit . Rick , c'mon buddy . we oversleep ... derek nudge Rick who 's asleep on the couch . when Rick register what be say he scramble up ... int . spencer mansion ~ rick's room a knock . harold enter , look around . harold Rick , cook make waffle ... harold be puzzle . thinks Rick be play a trick on he . he go to the closet . surprise . no Rick . harold frown . ext . donut shop denise and Sam in a group hug with gil . denise pull away , quickly wipe she tear , put a note in gil 's pocket . as they drive off , gil turn , unable to watch they go . he shuffles back to the shop , pull the note from he pocket . it 's address to Rick . ) 30 . int . denise' apartment - not long after Rick and derek be heard run down the hall . they find the apartment empty . Rick run from room to room holler . rick denise !.. denise !... Sam . derek forget it , man . they be outta here . rick ( beginning to panic ) outta here . no. no. no. derek keep it together , Rick . rick California . " derek what ? rick California . ( he mimic denise ) ninety - five to New York . a hard right and ight out highway eighty into the sand ... derek I can not go to California . I gotta be at work at five . ext / int . LIBERTY STREET - derek' chevy derek and Rick in the car . derek i'll keep the motor run . int . LIBERTY STREET - hallway Rick sneak in the front door , listen for sign of life , of Lucy 's voice . hear nothing , he slip up the stair . int . rick's room Rick take the old do nut box from under the bed , pulis out a stack of bill , shove they in he jacket pocket , start for the door . he hear voice from downstairs . lucy ( 0.s. ) Charlie have you see Rick ? $ l. charlie . ( 0.s. ) he 's s'pose to be at work . lucy ( 0.s.} awright . I will try gil . int . hallway Rick sneak down the stair ... ext . bus station - establishing derek 's car stop in the no parking zone . Rick jump out , be confront by the hustle - bustle of the buss , the crowd and be suddenly confuse , intimidate . derek you will be okay . go to the ticket window and ask for a bus ticket that go to California . { Rick nod ) good luck , man . they shake hand . int . bus station ss a menagerie of mostly low - life sight and smell : rancid igar smoke , tear - up naugahyde chair , cranky child . Rick distract by the scene . a distraught young mother wrangle four toddler , en ancient biack man stare into space , a unlit stogie stick permanently between he tooth . Rick look at the Long counter with fifteen line and hundred of people . he do not know which line to pick . he hear yell ... " no one listen ... " a homeless man with madness emanate from every pore rant in the corner . homeless man they be after we . no one listen to I . but on judgment Day it will come to pass . rick who .. who be after we ? homeless man martian . a woman drop a quarter in the homeless man 's hat . rick oh . do you know how to get to California ? homeless man ; California ! Son , that 's the first place they will land . bane 92 . bewildere by the man 's intensity , Rick stumble away , knock into a nun . rick how ... how do I get to California ? nun ( look around ) try that window . number four . Rick see the window . nod a thank - you . ext . bus station ~ platform Rick be in line to board the Greyhound . the driver be heard ... " this bus leavin ' for New York and Los Angeles . '' int . / ext . highway / denise' car a freeway sign read " 95 South " . the New York City skyline in the distance . denise glance over to Sam , attach to he walkman and oblivious to the rest of the planet . : int . derek' apartment derek get ready for work . the phone ring . derek lis . hi , Lucy .... Rick . have , have see Rick ? ( weakly ) i..i do not know . maybe . int . LIBERTY STREET - live room ~ evening Lucy , Eleanor and a woman cop be there . gretchen and Max whisper to derek , see in Lucy 's office in the b.g. another cop next to he on the phone . eleanor --. it 's that woman . that denise . I know she 's have something to do with this . woman cop this denise defiore have apparently move out of she apartment . eleanor she 's kidnap my son .... the other cop enter , take he partner aside . lucy you be jump to conclusion ... 93. woman cop accord to derek , Rick ask to be a drop off at the bus station . he vo be go to buy a ticket to California . eleanor well , do not just stand there . alert the state police , the FBI ... woman cop m'am , until he 's be miss forty - eight . eleanor never mind . ogoe to the phone , ' punch a number ) ) i yes , this be Eleanor Spencer call ! for the Senator .... | CUT to : int . world trade CENTER tower - sunset on denise and Sam look at the view . Sam be pensive . 3 DENISE '' what do you think , hb I want you . . to see it . who know when we will be east again . 1 ' SAM it make I dizzy . DENISE we be gonna have a new life , sammy . CUT to : int / ext . penn station / bus all of the passenger disembark with the exception of Rick . driver hey buddy , you gotta get off . rick this be not California . oy no shit . if rick ne ? I be go to California . driver 94 . driver Bus for California leave eight in the morning . do not they tell you that ? you gotta layover . Rick nod but be overwhelm . int : penn station - night Rick sit alone in the cavernous bus station among more hustle and bustle than he could ever imagine . he stare at a old woman eat a sandwich , he mouth water . another angle Rick stare at the vend machine . junk food . a girl with bright green hair and razor blade earring waylay the machine . it spit out ding dong . Rick mimic the girl and be reward with ding dong . he smile . do it again . on rick Rick back at he bench with a pile of ding do packet munch happily . int / ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge / denise' car - morning DENISE pal be it , sammy . California here on the Jersey side the car head for " highway 80 " . Sam do not respond . denise tousle he hair . cot to : close on rick as he wake up in a snap , wide - eye . for a beat he be foggy , lose ; he 's forget he 's in Penn Station . he sit up , stretch . it 's morning . a think cross he mind . int . penn station - morning Rick stand at the ticket counter . ticket -taker sorry , son . you miss the bus . next one leave at ten . ext . penn station a Greyhound mark " Los Angeles - Express " pull away from the station . Rick be see in the window , stare in wonderment at New York . 95 . a series of juxtaposed shot Rick 's bus streak through New Jersey ... past Newark ... into the heart of the state . the woman cop and she partner show a photo of Rick to some Greyhound bus driver in danver . denise sing " on the road again " as they drive through the New Jersey hunt club region .... Rick 's geyhound pass a sign : easton , PA - 90 mi. denise and Sam stop for lunch in the poconos . a fax of Rick 's picture be see ' come into a police station . Rick see a interstate sign that read highway 78 . he look puzzle . ext . new jersey gas station - day Rick 's bus stop , the door open . passenger disembark . the driver step out , stretch . rick that .. that sign say seventy - eight . driver yeah , so ? rick where 's eighty . highway eighty . driver ' Bout a half hour north from here . we be takin’ the southern route . rick but ... but I have to go on eighty . I have to find denise . how will I ? driver beat I . the driver walk back to the bus . Rick be frustrated . he kick the tire , begin to pace . notice the ringing of @ car door . he turn , see a yugo wagon by the gas pump turn on , the door leave open . without hesitation , Rick walk calmly to the yugo , get in ... int . yugo Rick climb into the driver 's seat , talk to himself . rs SE a 96 . rick right foot on the brake ... hand on the lever . D for drive .... ext . gas station Rick calmiy drive away as the owner of the yugo be stuff money in he wallet . the owner look up , see Rick drive away . he begin to yell ... " hey ...hey ... he get my car . " a series of shot / rick drive Rick at a stop light . the light turn green . horn begin to honk at he . he wave , smile . finally move the car . Rick at another gas station , with a attendant who 's point out the road . . Rick cross the New Jersey / Pennsylvania state line . the bus driver and the yugo owner with two highway patrolmen . the bus driver be gesture , describe Rick ... the yugo owner pace angrily . Rick see a sign that mark highway 80 . as he make the lane Change , he cut off another car . a horn honk wiidiy . a few beat later , a angry motorist drive by , give Rick the finger . int . LIBERTY STREET - afternoon Eleanor , Lucy and gii with a FBI agent . FBI agent a positive id be make in bloomsbury New Jersey . seem you son get off the bus and steal a yugo from a Greek gentleman name Mr. papadaki . eleanor my son would never steal a car . FBI agent he tell the bus driver he want to get to highway eighty . seem he 's look for a denise ... eleanor just as I suspect . that woman be behind this . gil listen , lady . do not you bad mouth denise . she 's a good girl and she 's do more to help you son than ( more ) sd 97 . gil ( cont 'd ) : anybody ... Ms. defiore ought to be arrest . just a minute ... FBI agent Mrs. Spencer , there be no evidence to indicate ms.de fiore kidnap you son . he , however , be chalking up a list of possible felony count , beginning with crossing a state line in a steal vehicle . all eye turn to Eleanor . she be furious . CUT to : ext . a drive -in restaurant - night Rick 's car follow a truck - load of party teenager . the boy be drunk . Rick see one of the girl slap she date , jump from the back of the truck . the girl , a blonde with a short skirt , walk toward Rick 's car . Rick stare at she . from the truck , she drunk boyfriend holler at Rick . drunk boy what be you lookin’ at pervert ? the , < ruck pull forward . Rick Zolisow , but be contu second when he find himself star @ plastic cl mouth that say , " can I help you ? order please ... " ext / int . drive -in restaurant ~ rick be car ~ later Rick chow down a big burger , fries and a shake . the car door open suddenly . the blonde girl deposit herself in the other seat , game for anything . blonde girl how about give I a ride home ? Rick stare at she , mid-chew . rick be ... be that you boyfriend ? blonde girl he 's a asshole . you be cute . I like college guy . the girl move closer to Rick , put he hand on he thigh . ext / int . a suburban house - rick's car ~ later the blonde girl and Rick be make out . in the b.g. a man holler ... " charlene , get you tail in here . '' ae ed a 98 . blonde girl shit . I gotta go inside . maybe you 'l call I . rick I be , I be go to California . blonde girl too bad . you kiss great . see ya . she 's out of the car and go in a heartbeat . Rick smile to himself . he kiss great . CUT to : ext . highway 80 - night denise and Sam enter a small town call roseville , PA . a blinking neon sign depict two hand shaking hello ext . the quaker motel denise jostle the luggage and a sleepy Sam into they room . CUT to : ext / int . highway - rick's yugo Rick hum + 6 himself as ‘he drive along . suddenly 2 truck come up close on Rick 's bumper . the brights flash on and off . Rick blink , blind by the glare . ext / int . highway ~ truck the teenage boy from the drive - in be drunk and in the mood for trouble . drunk boy hey man it 's the college dude . let 's fuck with he a little . ext / int . highway - rick's yugo Rick blink , try to concentrate on the road . he feel a bump as the truck 's bumper collide with he bumper . rick weenies . cut it out . ext / int . highway - truck the boy be cheer , laugh . another beer can be pop . the driver slam he foot on the accelerator . o™ c2 99 , ext / int . highway - rick's yugo the truck slam into the car . this time Rick lose control . the yugo go off the road , slam into a tree . Rick be throw forward , he head hit the steering wheel . in the b.g. the truck fly by , a beer bottle be throw at the car .... and the word ... " bye , bye asshole '' be heard . the yugo be totalled . Rick 's head be bleed . he be daze but conscious . it take all he strength , but he force the door open and climb out . Rick stand by the car awhile but then begin to climb up the bank to the highway . he continue to walk west ... ext . highway - early morning a highway patrolman view the demolish yugo at the bottom of the hill . he pick up he walkie / talkie . cut to : int . denise' HOTEL room denise be still asleep . Sam watch cartoon . a news bulletin interrupt . on the tv a photo of rick appear news person Police and FBI in three state be look for this man ... Rick Spencer on SAM SAM Mom , wake up . it 's Rick . DENISE wha ... what . denise see the news ... newsperson ..- miss since Monday from a facility for the handicapped in connection with this steal vehicle . on the shot of the wreck yugo , denise gasp . CUT to : '' be ' cae 8 eso 100 . a series of shot newsperson ( v.0 . ) ... officer say they find the car this morning but no sign of the miss man . Spencer mansion - Eleanor and the FBI agent Lucy in she office . her look be grim . Liberty Street resident watch the news Jake watch the news in the hospital commissary CUT to : int . denise' motel room denise pack quickly . Sam stare at the screen . newsperson Mr. Spencer be last see on highway eighty outside the town of buckhorn Pennsylvania head west . denise and Sam exchange a look , bolt for the door . ext . motel - morning the escort and the U-haul be see head east again . ext . highway 80 - morning Rick see a man stick he thumb out . a car stop . the man get in the car . Rick look at he thumb . tries it . many car drive by . a truck pull over . Rick pause . the driver wave for Rick to hop in . he do and they drive off . ext / int . highway - denise' car - day denise drive , Sam search the road . ext . a truck stop - day - later Rick hop down , wave at the trucker , walk back to the highway and . continue on he way west . ext / int . highway - denise' car denise search the highway for Rick . Sam in the back seat . DENISE look , Sam . look in every car . ( cq eere eto 101 . SAM I be , mom . I be . DENISE oh , God . please I will do anything just let I find he ... ext . highway Rick walk , occasionally put he thumb out . no luck . it begin to rain . another angle Rick walk on . it 's really pour . lighten and thunder in the b.g. finally , another truck pull over . int / ext . highway .~ denise' car denise desperately search the highway in the pour rain . across the road , she see a man in the distance walk toward a truck . could it be ? DENISE Sam , that guy up ahead ... ce ] with m of with q ° hw ct be } with to with '' with og y. t ip with 7 a '' no ' hi with 2 . cg be on without think , denise pull leave and start across the gtassy field divide the highway . denise' Pov Rick walk closer and closer to the truck . her car stick in the mud . DENISE run , Sam . get out of the car and wave to he . Sam bolt from the car . the little boy wave wildiy , scream ... denise jump on the hood of she car , wave . and then , Rick see Sam run toward he . denise be in the b.g. on the hood of she car that 's stick in the mud . Rick wave back , run toward the boy . the trucker shake he head , pull away . when the. road clear , Rick dart across , pick up Sam , give he a big hug . ?) ce ) 102 . denise run up , breathless . Rick lift she off she foot in a passionate embrace . all three be now soaking wet . cur to : int . a motel room - later Sam watch tv . denise open the door for Rick who come in carry a pizza . rick oh. forget something . Rick dart outside . Sam take a piece of pizza as Rick reappear with a bouquet of wild flower . he hand they to denise . she blushes . DENISE thanks . denise and Rick stare at one another , the electricity between they overwhelming . denise finally mutter ... DENISE ( cont'd maybe we should eat . '' flower in the ice bucket aware chat ri denise put the never SAM we see you on tv . it be cool . do you iy take that car ? rick t... I guess so . but I be not gonna keep it or anything . the bus . it be go the wrong way . ( to denise ) be you mad ? DENISE mad ? God , Rick . I spend the worst hour of my iife look for you . if anything have happen ... rick but it do not ... see ? denise , you be not gonna ... gonna make I go back . be you ? DENISE the cop be after you in three state . you mother 's ... : rick forget she . { more ) 103 . rick ( cont 'd ) she , she say I be be in ...in...com..com .. incompetent . and I know what it mean . I look it up . denise run she hand through she hair . this be worse than she think . rick ( cont 'd ) she want to take everything away . ( a beat ) we can do like you say . in California . we ..we can start over . Rick put he arm around Sam . rick ( cont 'd ) it can be you , I and Sam . tf only it could be . denise turn she face from Rick . she stare out of the window . it 's beginning to rain again . dissolve to : later ... denise turn out the the pizza box in the the dark , think . 1 breathe as he sleep . he she hear Sam slip outside . ext . motel - night denise find Rick lean on the motel railing watch the pour rain . a fang of lighten spark in the sky . Thunder rumble low and close . what to do ? Rick sense she presence . rick rain . it smell good . denise shiver , hug she arm to she chest . Rick take he coat off , wrap it around she . he rub he hand on she forearm to warm she up . rick ( cont 'd ) when you leave ... why ... why do not you say goodbye ? DENISE I leave a note . rick that do not count . 104 . DENISE {a beat ) no , I guess not . {a beat ) maybe I be afraid . rick | no ... not you , denise . you , you be never afraid . DENISE sure iam . afraid if I see you face ... I would not have the gut to leave . - denise watch Rick 's reaction . his emotional connection have come so far , so fast : and yet ... rick when I be ... be look for you .. i... I meet a girl . she ... she do not know about I . she say that I kiss ... that I kiss great . — _ ( a - let you out of my sight for a minute } and look what happen - poo a beat . Rick look she ss. he kiss she = es | denise respond and e kiss become passionate . ' several beat , denise push he away , breathless , on the verge of tear . rick do ...did I do something wrong ? DENISE oh no . rick I ... I be scared . they look into one another 's eye . denise be scared too . rick ( cont 'd ) I know about ... about make love . but I .... I be scared I will not be ..- be good enough ... of denise start to tear . : DENISE suf you would be perfect . she take he arm away from she shoulder , hold he hand . '' c2 7 ree 105 . DENISE ( cont 'd ) no matter what happen , no matter where we end up , always know that I love you . overcome with emotion , Rick hug she tight . denise respond . the motel door squeak . SAM Mom ? denise gently push Rick away . DENISE I will be right there . denise kiss Rick on the cheek . after a beat , she go inside with Sam . Rick lean against the post , stare out into the night . CUT to : int . motel room - pre-dawn denise be awaken by Sam , whisper . it 's a beat before she realize he 's on the phone . SAM 10 Mom need I ... I xnow , I miss you ( beginning to cry ) it will call you again , dad - peal soon . bye. DENISE Sam , come here . SAM what. DENISE come here . Sam 's anger start slow , escalate . SAM I just want to talk my dad . DENISE Sam ... SAM I hate it that you and dad do not like each other . why do it have to be that way ? '' ac 2 & 106 . DENISE ( sit up ) wait a minute ... SAM I never think it would happen . I never think we would go to stupid California but now , I will ... ( begin to sob ) probably never see my dad again . I wish you would just grow up ... he run from the room . denise get up , stumble for she robe , trip , swear . . ext . motel - dawn denise run from the room . she see Rick walk towards the room . he intercept Sam who be still furious and flail with he foot and fist . Rick wrap Sam in he arm as Sam sob uncontrollably . denise 's face be anguish with quilt . '' int . coffee shop - morning in , in California , Sam , Sam and I can , can learn ... DENISE ( take he hand ) we can not go to California . it 's tear Sam apart . rick but , but I can not , can not go back . DENISE we can deal with you mother together . rick ( a pause ) since , since I run away ... I have , I have be a new Rick ... DENISE I know . I can see that . and there be a lot of people on you side . Lucy , Charlie , 1 SE EST 107 . for ~ rick I , I love you , denise . and , and I love Sam . but , but i can not be , the old Rick . not for anybody . they share a look that move from understanding to a painful awareness that they path may no longer be the same . a tough broad waitress step up . waitress so , what will it be ? DENISE {to Rick , quietly ) please do not make I choose . waitress ( look at she pad ) sorry , lady you gotta choose . ' side it be not life and death , it 's only the breakfast rush . denise stare at the waitress . ext / int . motel - denise' car on '' , rs a 2 Sam ... SAM yeah . rick we be buddy right ? SAM i best buddy . a pause . rick can you do something for , for I ? Sam nod he head . cuT to : r~ ext . phone booth - day wd Sam tap on the glass . denise motion for he to wait . a oo beat , she lean out . in the b.g , behind she , Rick walk v— towards the interstate , he thumb out to hitch a ride . Ie 108 . DENISE what . SAM can I have some gum ? DENISE ( hand he a quarter ) but get you butt right back . and do not talk to anybody . Sam dart away . denise watch he , she back to the road . DENISE ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) -++ so we be on we way . okay .. bye . she hang up , step from the booth , watch for Sam . a truck ' hydraulic brake squeal . she turn in time to see Rick walk toward the cab . denise dart for the truck . on rick who meet she eye , wave sadly as he climb into the truck . the engine accelerate with a roar . on DENISE whese voice be drown by the engine . nnoooo ! denise 's first impulse be to go after he . but when she turn to run for the car , she see something that stop she . denise' Pov Sam be wear Rick 's fedora . it take she breath away . SAM Rick say he do not need it anymore . denise nod . she take Sam by the hand , look over she shoulder at the truck barrel into the distance . DENISE {softly ) ) here 's look at you , kid . CUT to : int . FBI field office - day denise and Eleanor . a stand -off . the FBI agent between they . oee 103 , FBI agent Mrs. Spencer since you have agree to reimburse Mr. papadaki for he yugo , the charge have be drop . eleanor my son be still miss . FBI agent you son be over twenty - one and apparently have leave of he own free will . I be sorry ... Eleanor be furious . denise exit quietly , depressed . ext . FBI field gffice parking lot Eleanor follow denise to she car . spoil for a fight , she grab denise 's arn . DENISE let go of I . eleanor where 's Rick ? what have you do co with he ? 2 e Ho think it ideanorc 's demon be at the brink of exorcism . gi eleanor Rick be damage . he will never , never be anything more than that ... DENISE ( yell ) because you will not let he . eleanor it 's my fault . my fault . my fault ! ( a beat ) you could never understand . DENISE Rick be hit by a car . you do not ... the look of terror in Eleanor 's eye stop denise cold . eleanor his father and I ...we argue . I be hurt . and angry . Rick be outside . play touch football . ( more ) 3 C ry a iid . eleanor ( cont 'd ) he run for ... the ball . I , I do not see he . {a pause ) I be terrify . terrify he will remember , it be I ... who hit ..him . and I will lose he forever . Eleanor choke back she emotion but she be tremble , on the edge . denise look away , embarrassed . denise' Pov in a field by the parking lot , Sam try to fly the stunt kite but he can not get it in the air by himself . on DENISE who look back at Eleanor . without hesitation , she take the older woman in she arm . Eleanor finally break down , sobbing . the impact of Eleanor 's revelation and the implication for she own life register on denise 's face . dissolve to : int . LIBERTY STREET ~- day denise play blackjack with Bridget , Max and Justine . int . gil' donut - morning a new assistant pour coffee for denise . she smile but we know she 's think about Rick . int . denise' apartment - kitchen - evening denise make spaghetti . the phone ring . DENISE get that , sammy ... SAM ( 0.s. ) hello . oh hi .... really ? that 's great ! denise half listen . what 's so great ? a beat . Sam rush in . SAM ( cont 'd ) Lucy say Rick come home ! for a second the news do not register . but then , denise race for the door . a Te ill . ext . LIBERTY STREET ~ day denise and Sam run up the front waix . int . LIBERTY STREET - hallway - day denise and Sam be meet by gretchen . gretchen he 's in the kitchen . denise scurries down the hall . sotto to Sam . DENISE let 's surprise he . Sam nod . but then she hear the SOUND of . a woman laugh . denise be the one who 's surprised . they peek in unseen . DENISE and SAM be pov Rick be make grill cheese sandwich . a young woman , tiny and blonde watch he . obviously she be attract . Rick be confident , at ease . on DENISE and SAM as Lucy step up behind they . lucy ( whisper ) her name 's Jennifer . she 's take derek 's old room . denise nod , watch Rick . how much he 's change . rick ( to Jennifer ) hey , wanta hear a joke ? on DENISE who mouth the word as Rick say they . rick ( 0.s. ) how many , many psychiatrist do it take to change a light bulb ? none . the , the light bulb have , have to want , want to change itself . '' ry ile . denise smile . he finally get the joke . she shut the door . int . hall - moment later SAM be not we gonna surprise he ? DENISE tell you what , kiddo . how about we let Rick surprise we ? SAM {@ pause ) do you think he will ? DENISE I do not know . but I hope so . ext . LIBERTY STREET ~ evening denise and Sam walk hand in hand down the front . path and out the gate . as they begin to walk away we widen to include the tree-line street . DENISE ( 0.s. ) you know , sammy I hear Canada be really great in the summertime ... SAM ( c.s. ) vou nre gonna let I . go with . dad ? of view we see Sam leap for for . sy as we :