lifesbeautiful screenplay by : vincenzo cerame and roberto benign voice -over this be a simple story but not a easy one to tell . like a fable , there be sorrow , and like a fable , it be full of wonder and happiness . title card arezzo , Italy 1919 scene 1 under a beautiful , crystalline sky , a balilla convertible pile high with luggage make its smooth , happy way through the placid tuscan hill . ferruccio , a plump young man with a jovial — almost boyish — look about he be drive . his friend , guido , be in the passenger seat . he hug the wheel as he recite line of verse in a clear , bucolic tone . ferruccio I sing what I see nothing get by I . he raise he voice as the car pick up speed , fly downhill . ferruccio '' here I be , '' say I to chaos , '' I be you slave ! '' '' good ! '' '' for what , '' say I , '' free in the end be I ! what good be a caress when bliss ... this man come to possess ? '' «_ . here | be , ready , the train be go , the brake be go and tcan resist no more .... go sweet bacchus , take I ... the brake be go , oh ... '' {in a higher , worried voice ) the brake be go ! his friend say , from under he hat , guido theard you ! ferruccio no , the brake ! they be really go ! hit the brake ! and he furiously kick the dead brake pedal . at the first curve the car nearly go off the road . guido bounce like a spring and grab the roll of upholstery fabric , the car seat , the suitcase . guido be not you recite a poem ? ferruccio it do not work . guido brake ! we be go to die ! the wood ! brake ! guido pull the hand brake , but it 's break and nothing happen . meanwhile , the car be gather speed . it take a sharp curve , go off . the road , . and bounce down into a field , cut the bush in its path . guido fall backward onto the uphoistery roll . a bump on the ground snap the trunk open and two roll of expensive fabric —one white , one gold — unravel and sweep the grass just as the car plunge into a tangle grove of thick flowering bramble bush , ivy , and laurel , and come out the other side completely cover in branch , leave , and flower . the windshield be cover in twig and leave . poor ferruccio be now drive blind . guido stand up , hold on wherever he can , grab the windshield and look ahead , try to guide he friend . scene 2 a pave road running through a village — ext . , day man # 1 the king be come . woman # 1 there he be ! guido it 's full of people down there . in fact , beyond the long curve the road straighten and run through a village where a local festival be in progress , complete with a band and royalist and fascist youth banner and placard . when the crowd of local , wait in the shadow of a dais and hold placard that say long live the king , see guido and ferruccio 's extravagantly '' decorate car '' and the motorcycle escort approach , they begin to applaud . the band strike up the Royal March , and adult and child salute the '' king '' as he pass . guido , he arm hold high and stiff , shout into the festive pandemonium . guido we have no brake ! move ! his gesture be mistaken for the fascist salute . the villager raise they arm and shout loud and strong , ' Long live the king ! '' the car , festoon with flower and with its train of white and gold fabric , zoom through town and disappear into a curve at the bottom of the road . the crowd of villager break onto the asphalt , salute the car as it disappear and force the royal car , a convertible which have appear ( and in which be seat , in plain sight , his majesty and the queen ) , to stop short . the king 's chauffeur , honk the limousine 's hom , drive the car slowly through the incredulous crowd . scene 3 a country road ; a farm — ext . , day the balilla , free of branch and colorful '' draping , '' stand dead under the sun in the middle of a dusty dirt road . guido and ferruccio be on they back under the car , try to repair the damage . they voice be hear . ferruccio ( from under the car ) go for a walk . otherwise we will not get there until tomorrow . guido I find the screw . now what do you need ? ferruccio nothing , I need ten minute alone . guido all right , I will leave you alone . do you want the screw from before ? ferruccio no , I want to be alone . guido do I toss out the screw if I find it ? guido , look straight ahead as he walk away from the car , notice he black greasy hand . guido I be go to wash my hand . there be a old farmhouse nearby , surround by a orchard and barn . Three cow , two white and one black , be tie to a fence . the black cow be next to a water pump . guido walk up to the pump , hang he coat and hat on a branch , and begin to pump water . whistle , he fill a pail and wash he hand in the pail water , which immediately turn black . nearby , a little girl be milk a white cow . drying he hand in the air , guido walk up to she . a horse be hitched to a wagon fill with basket of vegetable and flower . guido , curious , take a good look . he be happy , playful . guido hello , little girl . where 's you mother ? be she the one who load this wagon ? eleonora no , the landlady do . guido be it a market ? where 's you mother ? how old be you ? ' what 's you name ? eleonora eleonora . guido bow graciously . guido Nice to meet you , I be Prince guido ! eleonora Prince ? guido yes , I be a prince . all this be mine , this principiant be the prince 's principiate . we will name the place addis ababa . out with the cow , in with the camel ! eleonora camel ? guido even a few hippopotamus ! I have to go . I have a appointment with the princess . eleonora when ? guido now ! someone cry out . dora 's voice ah ! just above guido 's head , in the hayloft , a girl have be stung by a wasp . she lose she balance and fall out the window into guido 's arm as pigeon flap they way noisily out of the loft window . guido and dora fall down , roll on straw . she be on top of he , a veil over she face . guido ( laugh ) good morning , princess ! dora how frightening . I almost kill myself . do I hurt you ? guido I have never be better . do you always leave the house like this ? dora J be try to burn out a wasp 's nest ... but ] get stung . she tum over onto she side . the veil fall from she face . she rub she thigh , just above she knee . guido be lie next to she . guido a wasp stung you ? here ? allow I ! hold still , princess . he take she hand off she thigh , bend over , put he mouth over the wasp sting . hé suck and spit . guido you have to get the poison out right away , it 's very dangerous ! spit lie down , princess . spit it will take a while . spit smiling , she back away and stand up . he stand , too . dora it 's fine now , thank you . guido do you get stung anywhere else ? she pick she mosquito - net hat up off the ground . dora no , thank you . look up at the sky , guido laugh . guido what kind of place be this ? it 's beautiful : pigeon fly , woman fall from the sky ! I be move here ! eleonora it 's all he ! he want to fill it with camel . he 's a prince ! she approach the pail . dora be shy and embarrassed , but very curious about this frisky fellow . guido ( exactly . Prince guido at you service , princess ! with this word , he bow the deep of bow . dora smile , while from the road the balilla 's hom sound . guido ( tq ferruccio ) t’ be come ! guido ( to dora ) good - bye then . he put he jacket on and hide a stick behind he back . he tum as he put he hat on . dora how can I thank you ? guido there 's no need . if you really want to thank I I will take some egg to make a nice omelette for my squire . dora take whatever you want . it 's all yours . guido thank you ! I will take two ... six . all right ! I will make a nice omelette . then , as a farewell gesture , be raise he hat with the stick he have hide behind he back . guido good-bye eleonora . my regards , princess . farewell . the horn sound as the car start move . guido walk quickly toward he friend , who be wait behind the wheel . guido ( walk away ) here I be , nuvolari .... it 's egg for we tonight ! all camel here ! the car be on its way again . dora and eleonora watch , smile . scene 4 the CITY ; uncleas house — ext . , night night have fall . the balilla cross some city street , a square , and enter a long boulevard . the car 's headlight illuminate ancient monument and some sinister image of the regime . ferruccio 's and guido 's voice be hear . ferruccio ' where be this house , anyway ? guido ' we be almost there . turn leave . ferruccio be you uncle sleep here too with we ? guido no , he 's be live in the hotel for thirty year . he 's loaning we this house . he use it for storage . there , we be here . that 's my uncle 's horse , Robin Hood . that 's my uncle 's buggy and that 's my uncle 's house . and he 's inside . guido get out of the car . guido hello dear uncle , here we be ! hurry , it 's late . here we be . the car break down ! before he finish speak , the front door suddenly burst open . guido be push backward and bump into ferruccio . Three young man hurriedly push they way out of guido 's uncle 's house and run off , push guido and ferruccio out of they way and shouting . guido and ferruccio oh ! what 's happen ? who be they ? guido hurry into the house , call . guido uncle ! ferruccio enter right behind he . scene 5 uncleas house — int . , night guido 's uncle be on the ground , dishevel and out of breath . he 's try to stand up . his nephew help he . guido uncle ! his uncle want no fuss . he stand up with a few groan of pain , but then smile immediately . uncle barbarian ! guido ' what happen . who be that guy ? uncle never mind . barbarian . meanwhile , ferruccio be gather up piece of a break vase . this be not a house , it 's a damp , cold warehouse . the old man be a collector of antique , which be heape carelessly in every room . six or seven chandelier hang from the ceiling , but only one be light , and it light up a bureau and assort furniture cover with protective rag and blanket . guido be you hurt ? why do not you cry for help ? uncle silence be the loudest cry ! come here , you two . guido 's uncle be a elderly gentleman with a very refine manner and gesture . he be wear a dark sport coat . he take a long , hard look at ferruccio . uncle this be you poet friend , right ? ferruccio ( intimidate ) yes , I be ferruccio . I be also a upholsterer . uncle ( move ) excellent ! come with I .... all knickknack here ... a old passion that 's a knickknack itself . he push a switch and the light go on in another room , which be also fill with old stuff . in one comer a double bed have be make . ferruccio madonna ... what 's all this stuff for ? uncle pretend not to hear . uncle you can stay here as long as you like . ( to guido ) I will tell you right off , it 's not easy to be a waiter ! there 's the bed . legend say Garibaldi sleep here . he suddenly tum to - ferruccio . uncle nothing be more necessary than the superfluous ! then he tum toward he nephew as he open the bathroom door . uncle the town Hall be on sestani Street , turn right after the colonnade . you can go tomorrow morning . this be the bathroom ; with the appropriate invention of M. bidet . he close the bathroom door and walk past a bookshelf . uncle ' there be a few book here , include a life of Petrarch by Lorenzo paolino . the kitchen 's there ... and here 's a velocipede , commonly call a bike . he go toward the front door . uncle it 's late , I have to get back to the hotel . there 's only one key , so do not lose it ... it 's hang on the door . it 's good to see you . I be come , Robin Hood . he go outside . ferruccio ( admiringly ) what a uncle ! scene 6 the CITY ; local street — ext . , day a sunny mome . guido and ferruccio be walk through the city . they be happy and full of hope . they head turn leave to right as they observe everything . every now and then , guido do a funny step . 10 guido no one pay attention here . be not it great ? if you feel like do something , you do it . you want to let yourself go , you want to yell ? yell ! ferruccio do not wait to be ask twice : he suddenly shout , at full throat , ferruccio ( shout ) eeeeeh ! several head turn , startle . guido what be you , crazy ? you think you be in the country where you can do as you please ? this be the city ! you have be yell like a madman for three hour ! you can not - yell . just then , a man in work clothes with a basket of fruit in hand shout up at a open window on the third floor of the building . workman ( shouting ) Maria ! the key ! a second later the enormous key to the front door fall from above , almost landing on the two friend , who get out of the way just in time . guido you see ? you can not yell . scene 7 upholstery shop — int . , day . twin six or seven year of age be bounce on a old , break - down sofa . it be a nice uphoistery shop , fill with fabric , cushion , drapery , rug , and mattress . the owner be tall and hardy , a good - nature man . guido and ferruccio be stand in front of he , pay attention to what he 's say . upholsterer ( to ferruccio ) if you get alll that poetry out of you head you have make you father very happy and you have make more money than he ! guido right , oreste ! that 's what I keep tell he — you have to settle down . he spy a handsome hat on the counter , take he own off , and put the other on . oa 1 guido how do it look on I ? the upholsterer put the hat back where they belong . upholsterer Nice , but it 's mine ! ferruccio so when do I start work ? upholsterer right now . you be already late . he point to a armchair . upholsterer take that chair down to the workshop . ' when he tum , guido exchange the hat again . guido I be go to the town Hall . see you later . he extend he hand to the upholsterer for a handshake , tipping he hat slightly . the upholsterer laugh , stop he , and exchange the hat again . guido 's own hat be back on he head . upholsterer yeah , see you later . and behave yourselves . this be hard time , very hard . guido hard time , huh ? ferruccio be move the armchair . guido what do you think of the political situation ? just then the twin pull a curtain down . upholsterer benito ! Adolf ! behave ! he tum to guido . upholsterer ' what do you say ? 12 guido uh , I be say — — okay , okay , so long ! ferruccio be pull a armchair along the floor . the upholsterer turn to he . upholsterer you will break the leg that way . guido sneak another hat change , and leave the shop with the upholsterer 's hat on he head . guido see you later ! the upholsterer tum , suspicious , and see guido 's old hat on the counter instead of he own new one . he grab it and run to the door , but he be too jate . he return inside the shop with a evil grin . upholsterer he get away with it ! but I will find he . he turn benito , you be go to get a smack ! scene 8 town hall — int . , day itis a large office on the second floor of a small building , with two large open window that overlook the street . flowerpot be on the windowsill . guido be seat in front of the secretary 's desk . she be a polite , older woman . she dip she pen into the inkwell . guido I would like to fill out all the necessary form to open a bookstore . will it take long ? secretary year . guido so we better start now . secretary ( check she watch ) now ? it 's nearly one , we be close soon . come back this afternoon . guido ica not , my uncle have to give I waiter lesson . ~ 13 secretary then come back tomorrow . in the meantime , you have to fill out a formal application which we town clerk have to sign ... she gesture toward the door behind she , beyond which be a young man who be put on he jacket , get ready to leave . guido stand up , but as he move he remember that the egg from yesterday be still in he pocket . he take they out slowly . guido oh , Lord , the egg . we nearly have a real omelette here . holding three egg in he hand , he keep talk to the secretary . guido fill it out , we will get he to sign right away . write : the undersign , orefice , guido , hereby apply ... secretary ( interrupt ) but he can not sign it immediately ! ' the town clerk , hat on he head and briefcase in hand , come out of he office . it be dr . rodolfo , a elegant young man with broad shoulder and a smile , congenial air about he . guido here he be , here he be ! dr . rodolfo what 's go on here ? he be about to speak to the secretary , but guido butt in . guido I need you signature to open my bookstore . rodolfo stare at the stranger with egg in he hand and tum to the secretary . dr . rodolfo signorina , what be go on ? secretary Dr. rodolfo , I tell he , but he insist ! guido Dr. rodolfo , one little signature ! dr . rodolfo I can not . my replacement will be here in a hour , ask he . 14 guido but it 's just a signature , right ? dr . rodolfo we close at one . get it ? he tum and stride out . guido look at the clock . guido but it 's only ten to one ! dr . rodolfo file a complaint ! with the town clerk go , guido , egg still in hand , go to the window and say to the secretary , guido . okay , I will file a complaint . the undersign , orefice , guido ... ( he change tone ) ' what a nasty guy , huh ? so when be he replacement due ? jes — lean on the windowsill , he accidentally overturn one of the flowerpot , which fall out the window . he look out ... scene 9 town hall — ext . , day the flowerpot , drop from the second floor , fall smack on rodolfo 's head as he exit the town hall door . he stagger , he head cover in soil . guido Jesus , what a hit ! and he run to help rodolfo , who be stunne . his hat have fall off he head , landing upside down on a nearby low wall , and he hair and jacket be cover in soil , leave , and flower . guido run up to he . guido T be really sorry . be you hurt ? I do not do it purposely , I just lean , and ... I be really sorry ... he want to help . but he have the six egg in he hand . quickly , he put they inside rodolfo 's hat on the low wal ! and start brush dirt off the town clerk 's jacket and hair . dr . rodolfo ( furious ) I will do that myself ! and you can kiss you bookstore good - bye , my good man ! 15 but guido keep brush soil off rodolfo 's jacket while the latter , watch guido with revenge in he eye , reach for he hat . guido no ! the egg ! but it 's too late : sticky , yellowish raw egg spill from under the hat onto rodolfo 's ear and face . instinctively , guido step back , while the town 'clerk - watch he with a poisonous look . dr . rodolfo you good -for-nothing ! I " will kill you ! he make a grab for guido , who run like hell . guido spot a man ahead on a bicycle , lead a riderless bike with one hand . without miss a beat , guido make a straddle jump onto the empty bike seat and pedal off madly . the man realize too late what have happen ; he stop , shocked , and get off he bike , watch as the thief disappear beyond a curve , pedale at full speed . man with the bicycle ( yell ) hey , that 's mine , what be you do ? before he can yell , '' stop , thief ! '' another guy come along and snatch he bike . it be rodolfo , who jump onto the seat and pedal after guido . the man go run after the two thief , shouting at the top of he lung . scene 10 CITY street — ext . , day guido turn a comer and stop short so as not to hit a line of child be shepherd across the street by they teacher . the bike skid and turn over on its side . guido miss the child but wind up collide with the teacher , who be none other than the pretty young dora he meet at - the little farm . she be throw in the air , and this time it 's guido who land on top . guido ( smile ) good morning , princess ! he stand up under she astonished gaze . guido maybe someday we will meet stand up ! sorry — gotta run . he run off at full speed while dora , somewhat amaze and somewhat amused , get to she foot . a 16 scene 11 the grand HOTEL — int . , day it be mome . in the huge , luxurious lobby of the Grand Hotel , the staff be busy clean : dusting , polish , arrange flower , brush the sofa , push breakfast cart toward the service elevator . guido walk quickly down the main staircase . as he walk , he be put on he tight , sleek tuxedo jacket . his shirt be buttone wrong , he tie be undone . he walk toward he uncle , who see he and sit down at a table set with a tray hold a bottle of champagne and two glass . buttone he shirt , guido stop in front of he uncle . uncle Chicken ! guido easy ! Chicken be serve whole , on its back on the plate . '' would you cut it for I ? '' '' of course ! '' first , I hold the chicken down with the knife blade stick under its wing and rip off the drumstick . then I slice the meat along the breastbone . off go the wing and breast , off go the skin .... his uncle , satisfied , interrupt . uncle lobster ! panic flash in the apprentice waiter 's eye . guido I stick the skin under the wing . ..off go the leg , I rip off the lobster ... stick the ... lobster be a crustacean . off with the crust .... ( he hesitates . ) ... off with the antennae , off go the lobster . there 's nothing leave . we be out of lobster but we have some delicious chicken . his uncle watch , puzzle . guido I do not remember lobster , uncle . uncle lobster be serve just as it come out of the kitchen . you do not touch it . guido too easy , that 's why I do not remember . uncle go on ! guido pretend he be a page at court : with he back arched , he mince around he uncle , mimick the movement of a good waiter . guido behavior . stand by . still , tike this . '' waiter ! '' '' yes ? '' in position , stand - by behavior . '' waiter ! '' why be they al ] call I ? there must be other waiter , right ? uncle Champagne ! he hop around like a waiter call to serve several table . he stop a moment to think . his uncle watch , stunne . guido start go through various kind of bow . guido the bow be simple ! hand on hip ... lower the torso ... and ... and you swing down like a bottle of champagne . forty - five degree ...er , fifty ...no ... he bow , literally , in half . guido no ! more than ninety degree ! at right angle ! let 's show how ... okay , uncle , what 's the degree for a proper bow ? his uncle shake he head and stand up . uncle look at sunflower bow to the sun . if you see one bow too low , it mean it 's dead . you be serve , but you be no servant ! uncle approach he nephew , who be still bow low . uncle serve be the high art . the Lord be the first servant ... fondly , he start tie he nephew 's tie . uncle God serve man but he 's not a servant to man ! uncle stick he finger under guido 's collar . guido there 's no button here . 18 uncle it do not go there , silly ! smiling , he give he nephew a light smack on the head . then he take the bottle of champagne and shake it . scene 12 uncleas house — int . , night the two friend be in bed , one next to the other , in pajamas . a lamp be light , but on a old table against the far wall . ferruccio seem worried , he head rest on the pillow . ferruccio thave to bring the car back to my father , he 's count on it . guido in a month . ferruccio no , J promise I have bring it back sooner . you know why ? he stop . guido why ? ferruccio do not answer , and guido , worried , poke he . guido ferruccio ? ferruccio awake from a deep sleep , and look around , frighten . ferruccio what be it ? what time be it ? guido what be you talk about ? we be talk a moment ago .... be you sleep ? ferruccio of course I be sleep ! guido you ask I a question , turn you head , and go to sleep . how do you do that ? 19 ferruccio schopenhauer ! guido who ? ferruccio schopenhauer say that with will , you can do anything : '' I be what | want , '' and right now I want to be asleep . so I say to myself , '' sleep , sleep , sleep ! '' and I be asleep . excite , guido pay attention . guido . Nice . simple . he move he finger , conjure something to come to he , and he voice get deep and mysterious . guido sleep , sleep , sleep . ferruccio ( annoyed ) stop move you hand , you be not a juggler . this be real serious stuff , it take time ! okay , good night , we will talk about it tomorrow . guido be puzzle . but ferruccio fall asleep instantly . so guido practice the theory : he move he finger above he sleep friend 's face . guido ' wake up , wake up ... ( he raise he voice . ) ' wake up ! ferruccio open he eye with a start , frighten . ferruccio ' what be it ? what be you do ? guido ( excited ) wow , it work . ferruccio what work ? 20 guido schopenhauer ! I say , '' wake up , wake up , '' and you wake up right away ! the will be incredible . how do it all happen ? ferruccio it happen that you wake I up . you be yell '' wake up '' into my ear , so of course , I wake up ! guido you mean ij should say it lower . ferruccio no , do not say it at all ! it 's deep — you have to think it . ferruccio turn he back and close he eye again . guido try to think he friend awake again . scene 13 the CITY , a piazza and a bar — ext . , day the city be sunny and festive . ferruccio walk in long stride . guido , behind he , can barely keep up . guido take it easy , where be you go ? ferruccio T be late ! they pass the same workman , in he overall , with a basket of fruit in one hand . he be look up at the third floor . workman Maria ! the key ! from the third floor window , someone throw the heavy key , which land on guido 's shoulder , nearly knock he over . guido ow ! workman sorry ! guido run toward fernuccio , laugh . — 21 guido every day he have someone throw down the key . it nearly hit I in the head ! scene 14 the CITY street — ext . , day two woman be walk nearby : dora and she friend elena , who be also a schoolteacher . guido look ! that 's the teacher . Boy be she pretty . ] even dreamt about she . come on , I will introduce you . as they approach the woman , guido stop and hide behind ferruccio , who stop dead , still as a statue . guido Holy smoke ! stay still . ferruccio what ? rodolfo , the town clerk , have stop he car , and get out . he be past the two man and be approach the woman , who greet he enthusiastically . guido stop . that 's the jerk the egg fall on , the town clerk . stop ! if he see I he will kill : I . now what 's he do ? do he leave ? guido 's face be up against the back of ferruccio 's neck . ferruccio be stand absolutely still , watch the two woman and the clerk . ferruccio no , he 's there , he 's talk . guido what 's he say ? ferruccio how should I know ? guido what 's he do ? ferruccio he 's say good - bye . he 's leave . he 's get a car just like mine . 22 rodolfo kiss both woman on the cheek . on he way back to he car , he pass ferruccio . ferruccio here he be ! guido do not move ! he 'o ! kill I if he see I . the car , which be make by the same manufacturer and be the same color as ferruccio 's ( but shiny and clean ) , move off . dora and Elena start walk toward ferruccio , who , embarrassed , do not move . he still have not catch he breath . as the woman come to the '' statue , '' they stop for a moment , just in time for guido to pop out from behind he friend . guido good morning , princess . he take he hat off . dora be surprised and amused . Elena be frighten . dora laugh and look at guido as if he be a magician . dora it 's you —again . how do you do it ? guido introduce dora to ferruccio . guido this be the princess who fall into my arm from the sky ! Elena figure out who guido be . elena oh — be he the one who suck the stinger out of you thigh ? dora yes , yes ! she say happily to guido . do you always appear out of nowhere ? we always meet like this ... guido next time we can plan it . how about tonight at eight ? dora ( smile ) no , this way 's nicer . 23 elena come on , dora , you will be late for school . dora ( to guido ) T hope we mun into each other again — by chance . * bye ! guido farewell , princess ! walk quickly , the two woman go on they way . guido ( to ferrucio ) do you see she ? she 's pretty . she tike it when I suddenly appear . scene 15 the grand HOTEL — int . , night it be the middle of the night . in the hotel lobby only a few light be light . there be hardly anyone around . guido , wear he tuxedo , come out of the kitchen hold a tray and walk to the bar where there be only one customer : dr . lessing , a middle - age german with a easy - go , vaguely intellectual air . he be seat at a table sip a glass of cognac . guido , tray in hand , stop before the german , look at he , and smile . Dr. lessing understand immediately . dr . lessing I do not believe it ! guido '' Obscurity . '' dr . lessing guido , you be a genius . guido '' the more there be , the less you see it ! '' answer : '' Obscurity ! '' it 's great ! do you make the riddle up yourself , doctor ? dr . lessing no , but you solve it in five minute , it take I eight day . Obscurity . guido put the tray down on the table . guido here we be ! 24 the familiarity and affability between waiter and guest be evident . guido indicate the plate on the tray . guido salmon , salad , and a glass of white wine . DR. lessing ( concentrate hard ) listen to this one , guido . guido stop he . guido if I may , it 's my turn ! I learn this one as a kid : '' snow White and the seven dwarf sit down for a bite . how fast can you guess what she serve she guest next ? '' he smile smugly . Dr. lessing pick up he pen and write the riddle down , repeat it as he write . dr . lessing ( translate into german as he write ) it sound refine . I want to solve it right away . guido eat first or it alt get cold . Dr. lessing look at the tray and wrinkle he nose . dr . lessing guido , I be sorry , it look very good , but I can not , it 's too late . guido what ? salmon , salad , white wine ... it 's a light supper . dr . lessing ( think out loud ) '' snow White and the seven dwarf ... '' the night porter , in uniform , walk up behind guido and say in a low voice , night porter guido ! guido go to he . night porter be the kitchen close ? guido ( everyone 's go , why ? 25 night porter there 's a gentleman just arrive from Rome , from the ministry . he want to eat . guido the kitchen 's close . night porter ( whisper ) too bad . he 's a good tipper . guido the kitchen 's open . show he in , where be he ? he be stand a few step from the night porter : it be a inspector from the Ministry of Public Education . he have a pile of file under he arm ; he glass rest on the tip of he nose . he have a strict air about he , and carry a raincoat and hat in he hand . guido go to meet he and show he to a table in the bar . guido please , sit down ! he seat he at a table with he back toward Dr. lessing . then he go quickly to the doctor 's table . guido you be sure you do not want to eat anything ? Dr. lessing sip he cognac , he head be in the cloud . dr . lessing no , no ! '' snow White and the seven dwarf ... '' guido return to the inspector 's side . inspector 1 know the kitchen 's close , but maybe you could find something for a cold supper ... guido leave it to I ! pick whatever you like , everything 's delicious ! inspector something light . guido well , we have ... meat : a nice rich steak , or lamb , or kidney , bread , fry liver ... tough ... or fish . 26 inspector Fish , fish ! guido good . how about a nice , fatty turbot ? or eel stuff with fatty sausage and grease with Grand mamier ? or some lean salmon . whatever you would like . inspector the salmon . thank you . guido ( interrupt he ) side dish ? inspector there 's a side dish too ? guido feel free to choose . we have very , very , very fry mushroom , Nancy butter potato with a creamy sauce . the inspector look nauseate . inspector do not you have a simple , light salad ? if not , forget it . guido a light salad ? too bad ; the very fry mushroom be out of this world . so : steam salmon and salad , and a glass of white wine . inspector perfect ! he look at he watch . as soon as possible . guido pll do my best . guido go to Dr. lessing , take the tray that be on the table and put it down in front of the Inspector who , read the papers , be amaze , so amaze that , think he have lose all sense of time , he look at he watch . meanwhile , Dr. lessing have stand up and be go toward the stair . he stop near guido and look he straight in the eye . dr . lessing '' how fast can you guess what she serve she guest next ... '' 27 guido right ! dr . lessing good night . he climb the stair , repeat the riddle to himself . inspector ( to guido ) what do he say ? snow White ? what , be he drunk ? guido no , it 's a riddle : '' Seven second . '' Seven second be the solution time . snow White and the seven dwarf . if there be seven dwarf dining and she serve second , that mean seven second . Dr. lessing be a physician , a very serious person . but he 's obsessed with riddle , he lose sleep over they . guido notice a red , white , and green sash fold on top of the Inspector 's file . inspector Excuse I , the francesco petrarca elementary school ... guido it 's not far from here . a friend of mine teach there . great school . inspector good , so I can sleep a extra half hour . as he eat , he look through he file . guido you have to be there tomorrow mome ? inspector yes , they be expect I at eight - thirty . he retum to the inspector . guido so , tomorrow mome , you be go to the school ... the inspector turn and look at guido . inspector yes . I be visit the class . guido visit all the class . well. good , good . you will have some good advice for the child . you will check everything out . the inspector finish he meal and drink the wine . inspector more or less . that 's my job , I be a inspector . guido a inspector 's a important person . so you have to be at the school at eight - thirty tomorrow . inspector right . and now I be go to bed . thanks for the excellent meal . he stand up and take he thing . guido tl show you the way . he pick up the inspector 's raincoat , hat , and tricolor sash . the inspector take he briefcase . they move to the elevator . guido give the inspector he raincoat and hat . guido here you be . inspector oh , I forget — I would like a wake - up call at seven , not a minute earlier , not a minute later . good night . guido good night . the elevator door close . guido tum and go quickly to the night porter . in he hand , which be behind he back , he be carry the inspector 's tricolor sash . at the night desk , guido say to the night porter , guido ' wake - up cali for he at nine ! not a minute earlier , not a minute later . he leave . scene 16 francesca petrarca elementary school -—-classroom int .-ext . , day 29 a large classroom . the child , all dress up in clean , press uniform , be sit somewhat intimidatedly , at desk arrange to form a large '' m . '' the school 's teacher and administrator be stand behind table that make up the dais ; there be a elderly lady principal , the secretary , several teachers ( dora among they ) . principal please , child , silence ! a moment of attention . the inspector from Rome will be here shortly ..1 want to make a good impression on he . listen very quietly and carefully to what he say . he will tell we some very important thing about we beautiful country . aman in a suit man past the student towards the principal . man ina suit the inspector be here , mar ’am . principal he 's already here ? he 's early ! sit down , Roberto ! the inspector 's loud , sure footstep be hear . the child be quiet . guido , wear the red , white , and green sash drape over one shoulder and run between he leg , make he entrance . principal all rise ! the child jump to they foot in unison . guido walk past the student as they stand , and stride toward the teacher . dora see he and be astonished . guido ( to dora ) good mome , princess . principal good morning , Mr. Inspector . I be the principal . this be some of we teacher . guido good . guido begin shaking hand with each teacher . the first one be doram friend . guido so ...how many year have you teach in this schoo ! district ? dora 's friend sixteen . os 30 guido ( to a male teacher ) guido and be you up to date with the ongoing school program approve by the ministry this year ? male teacher # 1 yes. guido ( to a female teacher ) do you read the bulletin regard childhood hygiene ? female teacher # 1 of course ! guido ( to dora ) what be you do on Sunday ? dora what ? guido no , I mean , Sunday ... be St. Mary 's Day . what be you do ? dora I be go to the theater . guido to see what ? dora offenbach . guido right . they be play offenbach . fine. well ... guido ( to principal ) thank you very much and good - bye . I just come to ... principal we know . principal ( to the group ) as you know , the inspector come from Rome to talk to we about the race manifesto sign by the most enlighten italian scientist . she point to the poster on the wall , which guido scan rapidly . 31 principal he will , and we be very honore , demonstrate to we that we race be a superior , race — the best of all ! take you seat . the child sit down . principal go ahead , Inspector . guido we race , as we know ... principal .+- be superior ! guido _ naturally ! we race be superior . I have just come from Rome , right this minute , to tell you in order that you 's will know , child , that we race be a superior one . I be choose , I be , by racist italian scientist in order to demonstrate how superior we race be . ina flash , he jump up on the table to show the child how handsome he be . guido why do they pick I , child ? must I tell you ? where can you find someone more handsome than I ? justly so , there be silence . I be a original '' superior race '' — pure Aryan . Children , let 's start with something that one say , '' what 's so big about that ? '' the ear . he show he leave ear to the child . guido look at the perfection of this ear . Left auricle with a pendant litle bell at the end . check it out ! movable cartilage ! bendable ! find two ear more beautiful than this and I 'o ] leave ! but you have to show I they ! they dream about this in France . race exist , child . you bet they do ! but let 's continue . I want to show you something else . he begin to remove he jacket . guido pay attention . _ — 32 scene 17 francesca petrarca school — hallway int . , day the inspector and the man in a suit walk quickly down the hall . inspector he say '' inspector '' ? from Rome ? scene 18 francesca petrarca school—classroom int . , day guido in short and he undershirt , the tricolor sash looped over he shoulder and run between he leg ( accentuate everything ) , stand on the desk , which be arrange in a '' m '' amongst the child . his undershirt be up around he belly , which he be show to the child . guido the belly button ! take a look at this belly button ! what a knot ! but you can not untie it , not even with you tooth ! that racist scientist try . not a chance ! this be a italian belly button . it 's part of we race ! he parade up and down the '' m , '' show he belly button to the child , then stop and show off he arm muscle . guido check out this style ! look at this muscle : cep , biceps , tricep ! look at this beauty ! admire this hip ! guido dance on the desk . guido just look at the movement ! gentlemen ! the inspector , stand in the doorway , can not believe he eye . guido spot he and quickly gather up he clothes from the windowsill . guido I must say good - bye now , because I have to go , I have a appointment . I will make my Aryan exit and bid you farewell . farewell ! guido jump onto a windowsill and lift he shirt , revealing he belly button . guido the belly button ! 33 clothes in hand , he 's about to jump out the window . but first he turn to dora . guido T will see you in Venice , princess ! he jump out the window . scene 19 the theater : audience and stage — int . , day it be the fourth act of the tale of hoffmann . scene be Venice at night . on the water , silver in the moonlight , a gondola carry juliette and Nicklaus . they be sing the heartrend '' Belle nuit d’amour . '' dora , she face light by the reflection from the stage , be sit in one of the orchestra box . she be rapt in the music . her friend , seat behind she , be also spellbound by the performance . Elena be there with a male friend ; so be rodolfo and another young man . the entire audience be enthralled by the performance before they eye . only one person be not look at the stage ; he be turn toward a orchestra box . it be guido , entrance by the lovely dora . at he leave , consulting the libretto in the dim light , be ferruccio . at he right be a unknown woman . she be not beautiful but , see how uninterested guido be in the performance , and that he be tume in she direction , she watch he with a intent , puzzle expression . guido smile quickly and point to he leave ear . guido ( in a whisper ) thear only with this ear . the lady relax and sit back to enjoy the opera . the two singer be at the end of the piece . gently rock by the low wave of the lagoon , they sing the finale of the barcarole . dora listen closely , she eye moist with emotion . guido watch she and , wave the finger on both hand slightly , murmur something . guido ( murmure ) look at I , princess — I be here . turn around ... ( he raise he voice slightly . ) tur around , turn around ... dora move slightly , as if prodd by a invisible force . guido concentrate harder , move he finger more quickly . guido ever so slowly , she turn . guido be in seventh heaven , he face freeze in a smile of ecstasy . the lady next to he have turn to he , and this time she smile at he , perhaps with a pinch of malice . guido come to he sense , a little frighten , and finally turn he attention to the stage and the hypnotic beauty of the opera . scene 20 theater —ext . , twilight the full - house matinee performance be over . the spectator , leave the theater , find that the sky have darken and it be pour rain . the crowd be thickest at the theater door ; a few umbrella open . some people risk the downpour , run for the cover portico or to get they car . scene 21 theater , corridor , box , stair — int . , night leave they box , dora and rodolfo mix with the rest of the audience go toward the staircase and exit . they friend be up ahead . dora t'mso glad I come . it 's put I ina good mood . let 's go for a chocolate ice cream . rodolfo okay , but we will have to be quick . dora why ? rodolfo we have to be at the prefect 's at eight . we be invite to dinner . dora where ? rodolfo be exaggeratedly patient , speak in a low voice while he smile leave and right . rodolfo at the prefect 's ! dora ( to herself , disappointed ) oh , Lord ! say it be not so . another dinner at the prefect 's ? rodolfo you mother 's come too . dora bingo . I be not go to the prefect 's ! _ 35 rodolfo okay , dinner , just the two of we . we can stop at the prefect 's afterwards for coffee . dora 1 be not come . «.. . rodolfo Fine , I get it . I will tell he we be not go . it 's just you and I . they begin descend the stair , and meet the prefect and he wife : he be all dolled up , she be cover in jewel . prefect ( cordially ) good evening , rodolfo . ( to dora ) signorina . all smile . rodolfo good evening , prefect ! prefect so I will expect you shortly . see you at eight . rodolfo ( intimidate ) ' we will be there at eight o'clock sharp . the prefect and he wife go downstairs ahead of the couple . dora do not move . rodolfo tum to give she he hand , and she sneak he a kick in the shin . rodolfo ow ! scene 22 the theater 's MAIN entrance—int . , night it be thunder . the entrance be crowded with theatergoer seek shelter from the rain and wait until it let up a little . some dart out into the downpour . guido be with ferruccio , near the coatroom . he stand on tiptoe , look for dora . guido where be she ? have you see she ? ' the upholsterer , all dress up , approach they . he be with he wife . 36 upholsterer ( to ferruccio ) you ? here ? guido how be you ? upholsterer - right.on time tomorrow , okay ? ferruccio nod and smile at the upholsterer 's wife . upholsterer do you unload that stuff from the car ? that 's silk , I do not want it ruin . the coatroom attendant put the upholsterer 's raincoat and hat on the counter . upholsterer Nice production , be not it ? guido see the upholsterer 's hat and immediately decide to play he usual game : he reach for the curtain on the wall . guido a great production ! do you do this curtain ? the upholsterer tum to look , and guido exchange the hat : he put on the upholsterer 's and leave he own on the raincoat . upholsterer which ? no , I do not do this . guido pull ferruccio into the crowd . the upholsterer turn , but can not find they . he notice the hat switch . upholsterer he take my hat ! scene 23 the theater entrance —ext . , night it be still pour . dora and rodolfo be stand on the doorstep . she step back . rodolfo come on , let 's go . 37 dora it 's raining too hard . you go get the car . rodolfo okay , okay . wait here , I will stop in front and honk the horn . guido have hear the conversation . he have a sly look in he eye . as rodolfo run out into the rain , guido turn to . ferruccio and say excitedly , guido give I the key ! give I the key ! ferruccio give he the house key . guido not the house key , the car key ! hurry ! ferruccio take the car key out of he pocket , but he be worried . ferruccio the car key ? be you nut ? guido grab the key and start to move . but he tum back suddenly . guido keep he busy — the jerk the egg fall on ! keep he busy as long as you can ! see you tonight . guido hurry out into the street by another exit door . ferruccio but the car— there 's — go slow ! he run into the street and get soaking wet . dora be wait at the theater exit , try not to get wet . she see a black car wait at the sidewalk , toot its horn . she hesitates a second , then tushes out toward the car . she get in , and close the door angrily . the car move off . scene 24 the CITY ; the car— int -ext . , night dora , furious , refuse to look the driver in the face . she try to brush the rain off she clothes as best she can . dora ' you could at least have come and get I with a umbrella ! you be just plain rude . look what a mess I be ! 38 she take a hand mirror from she purse and try to make repair . dora if there 's anything that make I really upset , it 's dinner at the pprefect 's . she begin to hiccough . 1 know it . lhave the hiccough . I always get hiccough when I have to do something I do not want to do . guido be completely focus on drive . rain be fall like a waterfall on the windshield and the windshield wiper be not work . dora do not you know that it take very little to make I happy : a chocolate ice cream , maybe two ; a nice walk together and then whatever happen , happen . she tum toward the man she think be rodolfo . dora instead you — she scream . aaaah ! she put she hand over she heart . guido good mome , princess . she look around and realize she be in the wrong car . pillow , pillowcase , and roll of fabric be pile on the backseat . she pull she skirt down to cover she leg . she put the hand mirror back in she purse . dora this be too much . you would better explain . guido no , you explain ! first , I stop under a hayloft and you fail into my arm from the sky . I fall off a bicycle — and find myself in you arm . I go to inspect a school — and there you be again . I stop my car in front of the theater — and all of a sudden you climb in . and you show up in my dream . can not you leave I alone ? this be some crush you have on I ! ] do not blame you , but ... okay , I give up . Fine , you win . where to , princess ? to the beach ? do you like the beach ? ~ 39 dora be amused , and even more amaze . her hiccough have stop . dora yes , yes , I like the beach . but people be wait for I at the theater . take I back . she laugh . but now it be raining even harder and guido almost have to rest he nose on the windshield to see . ' the windshield wiper be not work . guido princess , do you know how to turn on the wiper ? she get scared and grab the dashboard , stare straight ahead at the water run down the windshield . dora step on the brake . guido have no fear , hang on to I ! a second later both start bounce up and down . the car stop with a loud noise and the engine go dead . in the sudden silence they can hear the heavy rain and thunder . the steering wheel fall off in guido 's hand . guido ( embarrassed ) uh-oh . it 's break . dora ( a moment later ) forgive I for ask , but when do you learn to drive ? guido I ? uh , about ten minute ago . dora oh. I would have say less . scene 25 the CITY ; step ; the car-ext.-int . , night the car be stick between two small stone pillar at the top of a long set of marble step , in front of a church . at the foot of the step be a empty square . rain be beat down . the car door can not be open because they be stick against the pillar . it be pour on guido and dora 's head because the crash have unhinge the car 's convertible top . guido do not worry , princess , we will get out of this . the important thing be not to get wet . he grab a large pillow from the backseat , take off the pillowcase , which be embroider with heraldic symbol in gold thread , and put it over the steering wheel and shaft , create a makeshift umbrella . the convertible top pop completely open ; he hold the pillow over dora . it be pour cat and dog on guido . guido yikes , it 's freezing ! he give she the makeshift umbrella , jump out of the car , and run around to dora 's side . she climb onto the backseat , hold the '' umbrella '' ; he be go to help she get out of the car , and she be about to set foot on the ground , but guido stop she , because the car be stand in a deep puddle . guido stop , princess ! it 's a lake here , you will get you foot wet ! in a flash he take the heavy roll of color silk from the back seat and start unravel it on the ground . it unravel all the way down the marble step , onto the square below , and up to the portico , like a royal red carpet . now a real princess can step out of the car . guido take the '' umbrella '' and hold it over she head as dora jump down onto the silk carpet . but she skirt get catch in the convertible top 's break hinge and rip to she waist , so she gorgeous leg and pantied behind be show . but in the commotion and loud rain , neither guido nor dora realize what 's happen . guido accompany dora along the red carpet , hold the '' umbrella '' by the steering wheel - shaft . when they finally get to the portico , he be as soak as a drown tat , but she clothes be hardly wet . dora where be we ? what piazza be this ? guido ' what ? do not you recognize it ? we 's have be here together before . dora you and 1 ? when ? guido ' what do you mean , when ? when the car get stick and it be pour and I make you a umbrella with the pillowcase . remember ? he put the funny '' umbrella '' on he shoulder and dance a little waltz around she . 4 ] ( guido it be a beautiful night . I put the steering wheel on my shoulder and dance a little waltz around you three time , and when I stop in front of you , you kiss I ! he waltze around three time , hum the barcarole . and stop in front of she . they stand stock - still a moment , but in he comical go-round guido have notice that dora 's skirt be rip to the waist in back . he take another look behind she and go dead serious . guido princess , you behind be blow in the wind ! she have no idea what he 's talk about , then she put she hand behind she and back up until she be lean back against the wall . she look around , distress . scene 26 the CITY ; under the porticoe — ext . , night it have nearly stop taining . dora and guido be strolling under the porticoe . he have the steering wheel rest on he shoulder and she be hold the pillow behind she , cover she behind . dora it depend on the person . my father be like that . oh , he could get I to do anything . he understand I , he know how to handle I . and I be putty in he hand . I always say yes to he ! guido stop and stand in front of she , right under the window where the workman always call for Maria to throw he the key . guido so all this treasure hide inside you — be there a way to open the treasure chest and get you to say yes ? dora ( smile ) it 's easier than you think — all you need be the right key ! guido and where be this key ? dora Heaven know ! she look up at the sky , which be fill with drift cloud . 42 dora it 's clear up . guido glance quickly at the main door in the building where the workman always stop . guido : so , this key that make you say yes have to come from heaven . dora I be afraid so . guido - T will give it a try . maybe the madonna will throw it down to I . he join he hand as if in prayer , and raise they over he head . guido ( shouting ) Maria ! the key ! a second later a key come fly out the window and guido catch it in midair . guido be this it ? dora be amaze — breathless . she look up , then look at the key in guido 's hand . almost tun to take advantage of the brief truce in the weather , they cut across the piazza and start down a boulevard . scene 27 the CITY ; the porticoe — ext . , night guido do you really have to go home ? what about the ice cream ? the chocolate ice cream ? we can get it right away . dora . no , not now , guido then when ? dora . I do not know . guido look up at the sky . 43 guido should we let heaven decide ? dora ( cautiously ) no , leave the madonna alone , I beg you ! do not bother she over a chocolate ice cream . guido see Dr. lessing , come out of a cafe across the street . he be with a friend , and seem happy . the doctor see he and leave he friend for a moment to stride over to guido . guido ( to dora ) since we can not decide on we own when to get this chocolate ice cream , I '1 ] have to ask . he join he hand and raise they over he head . guido Maria ! send someone to tell we how long we need to wait to get we ice cream ! Dr. lessing stop in front of they . dr . lessing Seven second ! he bow to dora and move off . dora be about to faint . she smile silently , the pillow slip from she hand and fall on the ground . she do not move . scene 28 the CITY ; dora' house — ext . , night dora and guido arrive at she door . the building be call the Liberty , and be surround by neatly clipped box hedge and wet cobblestone . in one hand , dora hold the pillow against she behind . in the other , she hold a chocolate ice-cream cone which she be devour . dora this be my house . guido T have pass it a thousand time and I always wonder who life here . I want to open my shop here . dora the bookshop ? guido ' yes . then we could see each other every day . dora finish the ice-cream cone and smile at guido complicitously . dora ' well , * bye now . she wipe she lip with she hand , like a child . ' dora forgive I , you 's have be so kind . but now I need a nice , hot bath . guido oh , wh , I forget to tell you ... he hesitates . dora ' what ? guido ... that I want to make love to you so badly — you would not believe how badly . not just once , but over and over . but I have never admit it to anyone , most of all never to you . they would have to torture I to make I admit it . dora do not understand . dora admit what ? guido that I want to make love to you , over and over . but I would never admit it , only if I be crazy would I admit that I would even make love to you here , now , in front of you own house , for the rest of my life . he put the steering wheel down , shaft first , like a cane , and lean on it . she stand still . Thunder shake the sky . dora run , you will get wet , it 's go to rain again . guido take off he hat to say good - bye , and water drain from it . guido ( say good - bye ) princess ... just then two bicycle come into view , and the upholsterer and he wife cycle by . 45 dora realize that guido 's clothes be soak . dora you suit be completely drench . be careful not to catch cold ! guido see the upholsterer look over he shoulder and stop the bike with a triumphant smile on he face . guido no , the suit 's fine . it 's the hat that 's bother I . I need a dry hat . but where can I find ...? he look heavenward . dora ( smile ) it 's easy ! how do it go ? she join she hand and raise she eye . dora ( loudly ) Maria , send someone with a dry hat for my friend ! she have hardly finish she prayer when the upholsterer , without say a word , stop alongside guido , take the hat off guido 's head and replace it with guido 's old one . then , very proud of himself , he go back to he bicycle , which he wife be hold with one hand . as husband and wife go along they way , the pillow fall from dora 's hand again . guido pick it up and put it back on the steering wheel to make a umbrella . it be raining again . guido good-bye , princess . speechless , dora retreat to hide the back of she naked leg . she be watch guido as he walk away under the umbrella , dance and hum the barcarole . scene 29 the grand HOTEL — int . , night the party have not start yet . guest be arrive in drib and drab in stun evening dress . all the hotel 's light be ablaze , flower and cocktail glass shimmer along with the lady 's jewel . this be a modem hotel , build on a circular plan ; the wall be frescoed with portrait of man and woman of great class who seem to be converse while they sip champagne , smile serenely . guido , in he waiter 's tux , be very happy as he cross the room hold a enormous ostrich egg in he hand . but then he spot someone and become alarmed . he hide he face behind the egg and continue on he way . rodolfo , who be with a friend , stop in front of he . rodolfo . ' waiter , excuse I , where be the man 's room ? guido ( hide ) straight ahead and leave . rodolfo and friend walk on . guido lower the egg and continue on he way . he look behind he : the danger be past . scene 30 dora' house — int . , night the tidy bedroom glow calmly in the warm light of a night table lamp . dora be in bed , the cover draw up to she neck , but she be make up and she hair be do . her mother , LAURA , a strict , if somewhat eccentric lady , be wear a very elegant , mid-night blue evening gown . LAURA if you do not get up immediately , I swear on you father 's memory that I will never speak to you again for the rest of my life ! dora 's mother motion the may to leave and go to she daughter . LAURA I be go to count to three now , and if you do not get up , I will drag you up myself . one , two ... and three ! she rip the cover off dora , who be fully dress down to she shoe and to the handbag on she arm . dora hiccough . dora ( sadly ) let 's go , then . she get up . scene 31 the grand HOTEL — int . , night guido be thrilled by the beautiful people and especially the beautiful girl in evening dress , the orchestra play lively music in the background . guido be push a cart while turn to admire a young lady 's decolletage . then he do a swift about - face and instead of push the cart , pull it . in fact , rodolfo have appear behind guido , a glass in hand . a couple , friend of he , be with he . farther ahead , as he near the entrance , guido hear ferruccio cal ] he name . guido do you know who 's get marry ? that jerk the egg fall on ! ferruccio ~ and the bride ? 47 guido no idea . everyone 's wait , but she 's not here yet . ernesto , the other waiter , join they . he be out of breath . ernesto guido ... guido approach he . ernesto you uncle ... something 's happen . come with I ! he go toward the kitchen . guido , worried , rush after he . guido ' where be he ? ernesto outside , outside . the horse .... scene 32 behind the HOTEL — ext . , night ernesto walk outside into the hotel backyard ahead of guido . Robin Hood , uncle 's horse , be stand free of the buggy . uncle hold he by the rein . the horse be paint green , with red paint on he lip , he eye make up — and he mane be braid with colorful ribbon . on he flank and thigh a thunderbolt and a skull be paint in black , along with the word achtung cavallo ebreo ( '' attention , jewish horse '' ) . guido uncle ! he see the horse and try to minimize the incident as he help he uncle tie the horse up . guido Robin Hood , what do they do to you ! look at this — they make you up ! not bad — what do they write ? ( he read ) '' attention , jewish horse . '' uncle barbarian ! vandal ! it 's so sad . what nonsense . '' jewish horse . '' do you ever ? guido laugh to relieve the tension . 48 guido forget it , uncle . they do it to — he mean to say '' play a joke , '' but he uncle interrupt he . uncle no , no , they do not do it to ... ( he smile ) they do it to ... ( he turn serious ) you 's will have to get use to it , guido . they will start on you , too . guido on I ! what can they do to I ? the worst they can do be strip I , paint I yellow , and write , '' attention , jewish waiter ! '' come , let 's go , uncle . they go back into the hotel . guido I do not know this horse be jewish . I will clean he up for you tomorrow morning , okay ? scene 33 the grand HOTEL — int . , night dora and she mother appear at the entrance to the Hotel . dora be intimidate . the old porter , in uniform , accompany she into the lobby . Laura see a elderly gentleman who seem to be wait for she , and she rush ahead with a smile . guido come down the staircase , very happy . at he foot , the party be in full swing . voice be lively , glass clink , there be a crush of flashy clothes , jewelry , black tie and bare shoulder . ferruccio run up the stair to guido , and stop in front of he , all excited . ferruccio look ! look straight ahead ! guido ' where ? ferruccio there ! dora , look lovely , be stand with she friend Elena . in front of they be one of rodolfo 's friend , dress to the nine . 49 guido dora ! wait . I will surprise she . he run down the stair . he be about to go to she , all smile , but rodolfo be also approach she . at the last minute , guido see rodolfo , grab a vase of flower from one of the table , and hide he face behind it . he back up like a whipped cur , hide behind the flower .. rodolfo take dora by the arm and walk away with she . rodolfo come , dora , I would like you to meet fido giovanardi . guido come out from behind the flower , lower the vase , and see dora walk off and disappear into the crowd of guest . someone call he . dr . lessing guido ! guido tum and see the german Dr. lessing , with a immense book under he arm . a porter be take he suitcase out of the hotel . still hold the flower , guido go to meet he . guido Doctor lessing ! where be you go ? dr . lessing urgent telegram , I have to leave for Berlin immediately . what be this flower ? guido for you — for you departure ! he give the Dr. lessing the vase of flower . dr . lessing ( laugh ) tl take one . he take a flower from the vase . dr . lessing I will bring it to my wife — a guido flower . I really enjoy myself with you , guido . you be the cleverest waiter I have ever know . by the way : if you say my name , I disappear . who be I ? guido thank you , doctor . and you be the most culture guest I have ever serve . DR. lessing guido ... if you say my name , I disappear . he leave the hotel . guido stand still a moment , think , with the vase of flower in he hand . the old , dignify porter , in livery , have overhear the conversation . porter what ? what do he say ? guido 's eye light up . guido '' silence ! '' if you say it — if you say its name — it disappear ! silence ! porter I be never any good at riddle . guido '' they bloom in springtime . '' what be they ? porter Flowers ! guido right ! you win ! here ! he put the vase of flower in the porter 's hand , and move away . guido ihave to go to the kitchen . '' silence . '' very nice . the long table at which the engage couple be seat be at the head of a series of medium - size table . sitting with dora and rodolfo be he parent and she mother , and the couple 's close colleague and friend — include the principal of the elementary schoo ! and she husband and several teacher . rodolfo be seat between dora and Elena , dora 's friend , who could also be mistaken for rodolfo 's fiancée . dora be seat at the head table with she mother , rodolfo , the principal , and a number of other guest . principal and not only in berlin—even in the outskirt . in grafeneck , in the third grade . listen to this , I remember it because I be so strike by it . a lunatic cost the State four mark a day . a cripple four and a half , a epileptic three and a half . the average rate be four mark a day and there be three - hundred - thousand patient . so how much would the state save if this individual be eliminate ? 51 the listener be startle by the problem . dora be horrify . dora I can not believe this . principal that be exactly my reaction , dora ! '' good Lord , it can not be ! '' that . a child of seven can solve a problem like this ? it 's a difficult equation : the proportion , the percentage . throw in a little algebra . for we it 's high school material . rodolfo think a moment , then say , rodolfo no , all you have to do be multiply ! you say there be three hundred thousand cripple ? principal yes . rodolfo Three hundred thousand time four . kill they al ] and you save one million , two hundred thousand mark a day . it 's easy . the principal exactly . very good . but you be a adult , rodolfo . in Germany child of seven solve the problem . it 's truly another race . just then emesto , the waiter , put a chocolate cake in front of dora , but she be look in the other direction and do not notice . rodolfo approach and see the cake . rodolfo good morning , princess ! dora nearly jump out of she chair . she stare at she fiancé , incredulous . dora what do you say ? rodolfo good mome , princess . it 's there on the cake . see ? in fact , '' good mome , princess '' be write in icing on the cake . dora look around , stand up , and a smile light she eye . she be about to leave the table when the orchestra start play a peppy foxtrot . all the guest , without exception , get up to dance . only dora do not move . rodolfo put a arm around she waist and guide she to the dance floor . everyone 's have the time of they life . it 's a great party . Red , white , and green confetti float down in the air , cover everyone and everything . seat at a nearby table be ferruccio . a little dog with ribbon tie in 52 bow in its coat jump up on he lap . a very skinny young woman take the dog back and ask ferruccio to dance . Laura be dance with the prefect , and the two bump into another couple : the fascist and the principal . the soft , feather - light confetti fall everywhere . uncle and the old porter in uniform be stand shoulder to shoulder next to each other . uncle be look at the frescoes on the wall , where elegant guest be capture forever in painting ; the porter , smile , be watch the real flesh - and - blood guest at the live party . guido , a happy man , come out of the kitchen with a tray in hand . he be look for he beloved . the music stop and everyone applaud . guido turn distractedly . and see , in the center of the desert dance floor , dora , stand next to rodolfo , the egg jerk . rodolfo ( he voice raise ) thank you , thank you . just a few word — although you know it all by now , anyway ; you have know it for some year . dora and I be bear on the same street , we go to the same school , and we have the same friend . we have always be together . the only thing we do not do together be military service ! everyone laugh . above the guest 's head the tray that guido be hold up in he hand float like a periscope . rodotfo speak more quickly . rodolfo in brief , dora be the woman of my life , and I be the man of she life . we be go to be marry within the year , and you be all officially invite : April nine , save the day . in the Church of Saint Mary the pilgrim . and then we will party till dawn , all together here again , as happy as we be now ! applause . bruno kiss she , kiss she ! rodolfom friend shout . friend ( in unison ) kiss she , kiss she ! tear shine in Laura 's eye . ferruccio frown . guido move off , hold the tray high over he head while in the center of the dance floor rodolfo kiss dora , who offer he she cheek . but the innocent kiss be follow by a huge crash . everyone turn ; it 's only a clumsy waiter who have trip and fall . guido be on the floor , spread out like a dead frog amongst the pastry , cake , and silverware that have topple in the crash . ferruccio and emesto run to help he . they pick he up as the orchestra strike up a waltz . ernesto what 's wrong with you ? guido nothing . 53 ernesto ( be you all right ? guido Fine , fine uncle arrive , but guido be already stand and clean up the mess on the floor . guido who put this armchair here ? ferruccio be you all right ? guido I be fine . ferruccio I be sorry . guido I do not get hurt . ferruccio no , I be talk about ... guido be you enjoy yourself ? ferruccio it 's go fine . guido go back to you table . go on , I can de this . he stand up and start pick up the mess as he uncle again approach he . guido stand , with a poodle on he tray . uncle be you all right ? guido Fine ! why be you all ask I that ? be there something wrong ? uncle no , nothing be wrong . but go to the kitchen . 54 guido okay . but he go to the dance floor . as emesto finish clean up , uncle call to guido . uncle guido , go to the kitchen . guido they move everything tonight . look where they put the kitchen ! guido go to the kitchen like a robot . uncle 's eye follow he . guido still do not realize that the dog be on the tray . the orchestra finish a Charleston . the room be dot with the bright color of the confetti . the dancer return to they table and chair . dora , she mother , and rodolfo sit down at they place of honor at the long table . a young man in a fascist uniform , bruno , flushed and happily tipsy , move toward the couple . he stop behind rodolfo , who be seat next to dora , and cover he friend 's eye with he hand , laugh . bruno peekaboo , guess who ? it 's I ! what , have you go soft ? rodolfo be surprised . he try to take the hand off he eye . bruno laugh , take dora 's hand , and kiss it . bruno ' Young lady , we finally meet ! dora ! we have never be introduce — you be scared to , be not you ? he whisper something in rodolfo 's ear . bruno I guess you will not be come with we to the bordello anymore . he take a step backward and raise he arm . bruno ( loudly ) sorry to have bother you — lot of luck and happiness ! he slap rodolfo on the shoulder . bruno ' you sly dog . LAURA ' what a happy fellow ! ~ 55 guido come out of the kitchen with a tray of confection . he pass dora 's table & drop the tray . guido do not worry about a thing , I will pick they up . I apologize . he look around to be sure he uncle have not see he latest catastrophe , then bend down to pick up the mess . this time ' dora have see everything , and see he disappear under the table . next to she be rodolfo , who be talk with a friend . on she other side be she mother , who be talk to the principal . LAURA ( to dora ) what be the name of the girl who marry remo , that rich guy with a limp ? marianna ! she turn to the principal . LAURA .-- she use to go out alone every night ; smoke like a chimney . she take all he money . principal no ! LAURA yes , I tell you ! I know it the moment I set eye on she ... meanwhile , dora be slip slowly under the table . no one notice . guido be on he knee gather up the confection . he raise he eye and see a apparition : dora , on she hand and knee , crawl toward he . guido princess , you be here too ? dora ( with a half smile ) eh! without a moment 's hesitation , she kiss he on the lip , a long , funny kiss . they lip part and she turn serious . dora take I away ! she turn and crawl backward slowly . he watch she go , spellbound . guido ( to himself ) take I away ... 56 dora be crawl away , she behind face guido . she turn she head , smile again . there be a drum rolt and a trumpet sound ; the musician start improvise some vaguely African melody . four ethiopian , in colorful native costume , come down the stair carry a large tray on they shoulder . on the tray be the immense ethiopian cake . the orchestra leader be speak at the microphone . orchestra leader and now , a superb show , courtesy of the hotel management : ethiopian cake ! applause . the african go toward the dais , but the orchestra , resume play , catch sight of something take place in the other direction and they music slowly die away . a man who have be shaking a bottle of champagne stop . come through the main entrance be a man wear a tuxedo ; he be seat on a green horse . it be a unreal image . on the mare the word , attention , jewish horse be paint . guido be in the saddle , smile broadly . everyone , catch unaware by the sight , be breathless . the horseman make the round of the room . he pass in front of the musician , take the bottle of champagne from the hand of the gentleman who be uncork it , and gesture to the orchestra . guido Music , maestro ! the orchestra leader , amused because he think this be part of the hotel 's entertainment ( as do most of the guest ) , wave he baton . the music start , even louder than before . ferruccio jump to he foot . he have the little dog in he hand ; it be bark . the dog run away ; ferruccio grab it again . uncle , who be pour cognac into a glass , stop and drink cognac from the bottle . guido and the horse finish they tour of the room and stop before the guest of honor . the music stop . guido extend he hand to dora . guido congratulation . rodolofo thank you . guido come , princess ! dora be excited and frighten . she hesitates , but only for a moment . rodolfo stare at the horseman , deeply suspicious . rodolfo be not you . ..? guido ( to dora ) Quick , princess ! 57 she step onto the chair and then onto the table , then settles herself on the horse in she knight 's arm . guide offer the bottle of champagne to rodolfo . rodolfo take the bottle and hold it distractedly , wonder where he have see this man . everyone around he be still convinced that this be part of the hotel 's entertainment . uncle be stand in the background , next to the african who be hold the ethiopian cake on they shoulder . he be just a step from rodolfo . noting dora 's mother 's and fiancée 's confusion , he suddenly start applaud . the orchestra start play again , a wildly happy tune . and the horse go toward the exit . as rodolfo grow ever more alarmed , the cork on the champagne boutle . in he hand be slowly rise . rodolfo ( realize ) that 's ... he start to stand ; the champagne cork pop violently , shoot like a bullet to the ceiling , and land like a bomb on the fake ostrich 's neck . the enormous egg fall down ... and break on poor rodolfo 's head . rodolfo ( point at guido ) that 's the jerk with the egg ! his face and clothes have egg all over they . as he try to clean himself up , rodolfo jump furiously from table to table , go after the two fugitive . the guest move aside for he , but just as the horse be crossing the threshold on its way out , ferruccio step in front of rodolfo and block he way . rodolfc shove he out of the way and run toward the door , shouting . rodolfo doraaaa ...! he run out . everyone follow . the orchestra keep play . the four ethiopian in costume be still stand absolutely still , the tray with the cake balanced on they shoulder . the ostrich be on its side on the cake like a dead bird with its beak wide open . stand next to they , uncle be smile . scene 34 uncleas house and greenhouse — ext . , dawn-daylight guido be off the horse and be help dora dismount . they too be cover in green , like Robin Hood . the first , sweet hue of daylight lend a unreal tone to the scene . guido go to the door of the house and look in he pocket for the key . he become increasingly anxious . guido no! ferruccio ! ferruccio have the house key , damn it . instinctively he shake the door in the vain hope that it will open . dora watch , amused and curious about the premise . she go toward the greenhouse . 58 guido wait . I need a wire . my father teach I . I be a wiz with wire . I use to make toy out of wire when I be a kid . here we go ! he bend down to pick up a bunch of wire while dora , curious , stop on the threshold of the greenhouse . guido stick a wire into the lock and start work it . finally it open . with a smile , he tum toward dora , and see she enter the greenhouse . guido decide to follow she ; he heart be beat a mile a minute . he too enter the greenhouse . the door remain open ; from beyond it there be only a mysterious , otherworldly silence for some moment until finally guido 's voice , loud and very happy , be hear from inside the house . a few year later guido 's voice ( call loudly ) joshua ? joshua , let 's go , you be go to make mommy late . finally joshua come out of the greenhouse door , precede by comical sound of thing crash to the ground . joshua be about six year old : he be skinny and lively , wear short pants , a clean shirt , and suspender . he be hold a piece of string from which hang a small , tin , armored tank . he come out the door in a rush , trip , fall , and pick himself right up again . joshua T could not find my tank ! guido do not worry we will find it . where do you leave the tank ? dora it 's on the stair . guido hold the bicycle . I will get it guido go to the stair and get the toy . guido there , let 's go . he join he parent , who be wait for he next to a bicycle in front of the door to the house . dora settles the little boy on the bike 's handlebar . she sit on the cross-bar . scene 35 the CITY street — ext . , day it be a sunny , hot summer , but people be not very happy . there be few passersby ; a woman hurry along the sidewalk . every once in a while , a german army truck go by , or a soldier on a motorcycle . the orefice family bicycle come into view , speed along over dora 's protest and ms 59 joshua 's excitement . first one street , then another . but everything be different from the way it be before . tragic , desolate sign of war be everywhere . shop window be tape over ; apartment window be cover with heavy carton paper or newspaper . the city 's public statue and monument have be wrap protectively in old mattress bound with string . sandbag be pile between the column of the porticoe . strange , forebode poster show helmet , skull , swastikas , and rifle and urging final victory have be tack up on the wall by the regime . joshua come on , pop ! dora take it easy ! easy ! you be both crazy . guido ' we will be late for school . joshua go , go , go ... guido there 's a horse ! two horse ! he ring the bike 's bell like mad . scene 36 the CITY — ext . , day the square and the francesca petrarca school . the bicycle 's bell be ringing madly as the three crazy cyclist break into the square and head for the school 's entrance . dora guido , stop ringing that bell , it 's drive I crazy ! guido it 's not I , it 's joshua ! joshua no , it 's not I , it 's pop ! dora that 's enough , let I down . guido here we be . see you tonight . — the bike start to brake and stop in front of the school entrance . dora get off , and guido playfully reach for she rear end . she move away , fix she skirt . she walk faster . guido leave with joshua , on the crossbar now , ringing the bell . joshua go fast , pop ! scene 37 the CITY street — ext . , day Father and son proceed on foot . guido push the bicycle by its handlebar . they pass a small group of german soldier . the two stop in front of the pastry shop . there be only a few pastry in the window , but there be a sign that say no jews or dog allowed . joshua stop and stare ... at a pathetic-look chocolate cake . joshua should we buy this for mommy ? guido how much be it ? joshua Fifteen lire . guido no , forget it , forget it ! it 's a fake . it 's probably a fake cake like you tank . let 's go , joshua . guido walk ahead while the little boy read the sign . he catch up to he father . joshua why be not Jews or dog allow in the shop , daddy ? guido ' well , they do not want Jews or dog . people do as they please ! there 's a hardware store over there , they will not let spaniard or horse in . and what ’s-his -name , who have the drugstore — just yesterday I be stand there with a chinese friend and he pet kangaroo . '' no , no chinese or kangaroos allow ! '' he do not like they . Father and son move off , back to the camera , along the sad city street . joshua but we let everyone in ! 61 guido yeah , well , start tomorrow , we be go to have a sign too . who do not you like ? joshua spider ! and you ? guido visigoth ! and tomorrow we be go to write a sign that say '' no spider or visigoth allow . '' he walk faster . guido ( almost to himself ) that 's it , I have have it with that visigoth ! they turn a comer . scene 38 the bookshop—int .-ext. , day joshua be on he knee on a chair in front of a counter , and be draw with crayon on a sheet of paper . he be recite a nursery rhyme to himself . his father be arrange book on the shelf : he be hold a pile of book in he hand , he chin clamp on the top book to hold the pile steady . it be a modest bookshop , but a happy one , and quite tidy . there be book and also notebook , ruler , compass , color pencil ... a man with a arrogant air come in ; another man wait outside with a cigarette in he mouth . guido greet the customer with a smile : he can not believe he eye . customer good mome . the book slide out of guido 's hand to the ground ; he step over they . guido at you service ! everything half price ! customer be you orefice , guido ? guido Tam . what can I do for you ? customer come with I to Police headquarters . guido again ? 62 joshua he 's already be there . guido ( to the customer ) what do you need I for ? he see the man outside put out he cigarette by squashing it up against the shop window . guido be that man with you ? customer yes . let 's go ! joshua start get off the stool . joshua t’ be come too ! guido no , no . you stay here , i°l ] be right back . ( to the customer ) it will not take long , right ? customer no , not jong at all . guido take he jacket from the hook . guido okay , let 's go ! ( to joshua ) and you , careful how you treat the customer ! he go out the door first . outside , he greet the other man . guido good morning ! the man do not speak . then the three man , guido in the middle , move on . joshua be look out the window . guido realize it and do a funny goose step to amuse he son , then turn and wink at he . 63 scene 39 the bookshop -—int . , day joshua pick up the book that he father drop on the floor and replace they on the shelf . he be hum he tune again . his grandmother , Laura , come into the bookshop . she be pale , she eye shine with emotion . LAURA hello , joshua hello . she pretend to look at the book , move slowly . but she do not take she eye off she grandson , who be erase a line on he draw . she stop in front of he and stare at he . joshua raise he eye . she pick up a book . LAURA tl take this one . she give joshua the book . he look at the price and give it back to she . joshua that will be five lire . LAURA it say ten lire here . joshua everything be half price . she pay , and remove a seal envelope from she purse . she put it down in front of the child . LAURA give this to you mother . tell she it 's from you grandmother . joshua I never see my grandmother , I do not know she . LAURA would you like to meet she ? joshua yes . LAURA tomorrow you will . joshua tomorrow ? LAURA yes , because it 's you birthday . grandma 's come and she 's go to bring you a very nice gift . joshua a new tank ? LAURA no , it 's a surprise . give the letter to you mother . " bye , joshua ! she turn , and be about to leave . joshua grandma , you forget you change ! she take the money , stare at he . and leave , still emotional but smile . scene 40 the bookshop -— ext . , night it be dark . a few streetlight be light . guido be close the store . this time , dora be sit in the bike seat . joshua be on the crossbar . guido close the door . dora ( to guido ) when will you be home ? guido less than a hour . I be go to uncle 's to see if he will bring leftover . dora " bye . dora tum the bike . she be talk to joshua . dora then what do grandma say ? joshua she 's come tomorrow . he start ringing the bell . , guido ( to himself ) ! it 's about time . guido pull down the store 's shutter , on which be paint , in big letter , jewish store . scene 41 uncleas house . the large entrance and dine area — int . , day uncle 's house have change : now it 's a real house , serious and bright . against one wall be the dining - room table and chair . there be piece of old furniture , a armoire , a break - down night table , a chest of drawer , and different odd piece . another part of the room be the live room . guido be move the table . dora enter in a hurry , follow by joshua . she have a painting in she hand , which she put in a comer , then turn to she son . dora and now it 's time for you bath . joshua no , I do not want to take a bath ! dora ' well , you have to . go ahead . joshua T take one Friday ! guido right ! he take one Friday . dora ( to guido ) and you , change you shirt . guido I change it Thursday . uncle appear in the kitchen doorway , wear a apron . he have a ladle in he hand . uncle do not forget the flower . he go back into the kitchen . dora ( to guido ) do not you pick they yet ? go do it now . guido go quickly to the door . guido I do pick they , I put they out here . joshua I be come too . dora no , you go take you bath . joshua I do not want to take one ! dora hurry up , I have to go pick grandma up . the child do not move . guido go toward the door . joshua I take a bath Friday . he go out . dora open the armoire and start look through the drawer . she go into the bedroom and close the door . joshua stay in the live room . he see the night table , which be bottomless and whose one drawer be break , and get into the piece of furniture through its front cabinet door , which he close as guido come into the room with the flower in he hand . guido ( loudly ) where should J put the flower ? dora 's voice leave they there , Ill be right out . the wildflower be tie with string . guido put they down on the night table , where joshua be hide . he tum to go , but hear a faint little hiccough . he turn and see joshua 's hand and eye through the night table 's break drawer . joshua shhh ...] take one Friday . dora , hairbrush in hand and she hair loose , come into the room . dora be not joshua with you ? guido no ! ~ dora then where be he ? 67 she sit down at the table , a few step from the night table , and start brush she hair . dora listen — come here , I have to talk to you before I go to pick up my mother . guido sit down next to she . dora hang the painting there — see if it look okay . and where do you put the flower ? guido they be on the night table . dora bring they here so I can see they . guido come up ! he stretch he hand out toward the night table and wiggle he finger . he have a mysterious jook on he face . guido come , flower , come night table . schopenhauer , the will . | want the night table to come here .... dora , puzzle , watch he , then tum she head immediately , because the night table be rise slightly from the ground . beneath it joshua 's foot appear . then the night table move forward in tiny step . dora , over she surprise , understand the trick and smile . but she be in a hurry . dora this be a very dirty night table . the night table stop in front of dora . the cabinet door open and joshua appear . joshua good mome , princess . dora ( loudly and sternly ) go take you bath ! dora leave the room . from behind the bedroom door , dora 's warm , happy giggle can be hear . 68 scene 42 uncleas house — ext .-int . , day the buggy , draw by Robin Hood and carry dora and she mother , stop outside uncle 's house . LAURA he can already read and write ? dora it 's more than a year now . LAURA you have do a good job . dora T will help you get down , mother . Laura do not want any help , she get down from the buggy with joshua 's gift in hand . but something have already upset dora ... the house door be wide open : smashed on the ground be joshua 's pinocchio doll . LAURA ( alarmed ) what be it , dora ? dora do not answer . go more pale by the minute , she go to the door and look inside ... the table be still set , but a chair be topple over . there be a break plate on the floor . she step backward , terrify . scene 43 army truck — int . , day the truck 's wax canvas cover be burn hot . in the truck , people be sweaty , tired , frighten , and exhaust . they have be travel for some time . they have luggage in they hand and lap , and be seat on bench . the child sit on the floor of the truck . on the far end of the bench , behind the driver 's cabin , be guido and joshua . uncle , silent , sit on the bench face they . at the other end of the bench , near the hatchback , two german soldier be half asleep , machine gun on they lap and helmet in hand . the truck stop and the engine be quiet . in the silence the only sound be the long , monotonous drine of cricket . joshua stand up . joshua be we there ? through the window behind the driver 's cabin , guido see two tealian soldier . guido no , it 's a railroad crossing . joshua sit on he father 's lap and look at a little girl sit on the bench in front of he . she be petting a kitten . joshua pop , come on , tell I where we be go . guido he hesitates , then improvise . we be ...uh , we be go to ... what 's the name of that place ?... you have ask I a thousand time , and J tell you : I can not tell you ! joshua uncle , where be we go ? I be so tired ... uncle ( embarrassed ) ' we be go ... ( but he doesn't know what to say ) guido joshua , what do you mean , '' where be we go ? '' come on , do not you understand what I tell you ? joshua shake he head no . guido okay , what 's today ? he smile . you birthday , right ? you say you want to take a trip , do not you ? I have spend month plan this — come on , joshua ! joshua where be we go ? guido we be go ... we be go ... he look for a answer , but can not think of one . the child insist . joshua where ? guido , with a sly , conspiratorial look , lower he voice . 70 guido no , I can not tell you . you know , I promise mommy . if she find out I tell you she will be angry at I . you know how she be . it 's a surprise . it 's — it make I laugh . my daddy organize the same thing for I when I be little boy , will you laugh ! look , first we be go ... when you get there , you will see something and you will say , '' oh ! '' but we will not be there jong . then a bell go ... joshua but where be we go ? joshua smile faintly , then yawn . a fast train go by in front of the truck , and when it have pass , the truck start on its way again . joshua I be tired . guido go on , sleep a little ! a second later , guido stare into uncle 's eye with a worried and disbely expression . guido ( whisper ) uncle , where be they take we ? where be we go ? scene 44 the train station plaza . a car— int .-ext. , dawn dora , tense , desperate , and speechless , be sit in the backseat of a taxi . outside the rear window be the peaceful countryside , caress by the dawn sunlight . the driver , in smock and beret , slow down and stop in the plaza in front of the station . german and fascist soldier be stand guard . a armored car , a truck , and a german army jeep be stop outside the entrance , which be patrol by two armed guard . the taxi stop a short distance from the door . dora get out . cabbie should I wait for you ? dora no , you go ahead . she walk with a confident gait toward the station entrance , she purse in hand , as the cab drive away . 71 scene 45 the station . the station master 's office / platform—int.-ext. , day dora be sit in the stationmaster 's office , surround by electrical equipment , control , and telegraphic apparatus . she be look straight ahead out the window at a freight train stop on the first train track . the side of the train 's car be slatted and the slat be nail shut . but through the opening , head be visible , and frighten glance . farther down the track be the open car . the new prisoner be get in one at a time . but it be too far from dora , and she can not see guido , she son , or uncle . the new prisoner move toward the freight car , push by german soldier . guido , joshua , and uncle be the last in line . guido hold the child by the hand . guido ' what time be it ? look like we be leave right on time ! what organization ! you 's have never be on a train , have you , joshua ? joshua no . what 's it like ? be it nice ? guido fantastic . Inside there 's all wood , no seat . everybody stand . joshua no seat ? guido obviously you 's have never be . be you kid , seat on a train ? everybody stand , very close to everybody else . it 's real fun . they be approach the freight car . guido look at this line . I make it just in time to get the last ticket — it be a miracle . come on , uncle , let 's go , we do not want they to tell we we be too late . '' car 's full , go home ! '' they start to board , but someone up ahead stop , exhaust . guido hold it , we have reservation , stop right there . ( loudly ) ' we be here ! easy , easy — here we be , we’ have get reservation . whoa ! the german soldier push he into the car . guido ( smile ) thanks ! 72 once inside , he rub he hand together happily . they be the last to board . the freight car door close before they eye . guido ( happily ) all aboard ! scene 46 int . station master 's office . a german officer who speak italian enter the stationmaster 's office . he be in a hurry . dora turn . officer ( in a german accent ) can E help you , signora ? dora there 's ... there 's be a mistake . officer mistake ? who be you ? dora my husband and my son be on that train . officer what 's you husband 's name ? he start look through papers on the table . dora guido orefice . the officer look quickly at a list and raise he eye . officer joshua orefice and eliseo orefice be also on the train . where be the mistake ? there 's no mistake . dora T want to get on the train too . a italian soldier appear at the office door and stand at attention . ttalian officer ready ! 73 german officer then let 's go ! to dora . go home , signora , go home . dora do not move ; she expression be hard . Beyond the window , a italian soldier blow a whistle and shout a order . italian soldier go , go — you can leave ! the train 's engine start up . dora 1 want to get on that train . the german officer be about to leave the room . he stop on the threshold and take a long look at dora . the train have start move . dora ( implacable ) let I on that train ! the german officer stick he head out the door and order , in german , german officer ( in german ) alt — stop the train ! the italian soldier jump to obey . he blow he whistle and shout , italian officer stop ! brake , brake ! the german officer step back and let dora go through to the platform . through one of the slat on the train , someone see ... dora come out of the station office , accompany by a german soldier . joshua' voice it 's mommy ! in the space between the slat , guido 's face appear next to joshua 's . both be look out . guido be hold the child in he arm . uncle 's face appear . they see dora in front of another of the train 's freight car , not far from theirs , wait for the door to open . guido ( in a murmnr to himself ) 74 joshua ( happily ) they stop the train so mommy could get on . the long '' livestock '' train be stand still , wait for the last traveler to board . it be dora , who near the freight car and climb up . two german soldier close the slide door and bar they shut . one of the two blow he whistle sharply , and the train start to move . scene 47 the concentration camp yard — ext . , night this be where the train arrive . the track end at a heavy iron and wood fence in the foreground of a large dirt yard surround by dank , gray - brick barrack with small , iron-barred window . brutal , white spotlight scan the yard . there be not a soul in sight . a few shadow move in the distance , near the main gate , a massive cement structure at the far end of the yard . barb wire on the fence gleam under the rove spotlight , as if move by invisible hand . finally , a tiny light appear in the distance in the open between the two main gate . as the light near , grow brighter and brighter , the sound of a train slowly chugge to its long stop get louder and louder . puff of steam blow from the flank of the locomotive . two trainmen jump down and disappear into the dark . the train be immerse in the silent night . scene 48 the camp yard — ext . , day a german officer lean out the window of the top floor of a german army barrack . he be wear a undershirt ; he suspender droop from the waist of he pants . he be drink coffee and look down at the yard . . . where the train be still stop . on both side of it , armed german guard , four per freight car , be open the door and set up exit ramp . the sun be peeping through a brick wall top with barb wire . the woman exit on one side of the train , the man on the other , prodd by sharp command , threat , and shove . mysterious message in german be broadcast from loudspeaker scattered throughout the yard . as soon as he be out of the train , guido , ignore the confusion , hand the half asleep joshua to he uncle and go look for dora . but the woman be on the other side . he can only see she from afar , through the open door of one of the car . dora be also look for he in the crowd of man , but can not find he . she be distraught with exhaustion and blind by the light . guido jump up on one of the link between two freight car . guido ( call ) dora ... scene 49 the camp ; guido 's barracks — ext .-int . , day ina rag line , the man walk slowly alongside a gray wall in front of the prisoner 's dormitory . nearly all carry a suitcase , a bundle , or a bag which they must leave at the door of they assign 75 dormitory before enter . german soldier check that order be maintain . the dormitory be squalid building with small , bar window from behind which dishevel , white face with large , spooky eye watch the proceedings . guido , almost at a run , catch up to uncle and joshua , who be walk unsteadily . he take the child by the hand ; on guido 's face be a expression of the utmost calm . guido so , joshua , - how go it ? you be happy , right ? get a load of this place . how be you do ? a little tired ? joshua yes . I do not like the train . guido no ? then we will take the bus home ... ( yell loudly to the other on line ) listen , guy , we be take the bus back ! the bus with seat ! ( to joshua ) T tell they ! joshua ( to himself ) yes , it 's better . guido T think so too . at the first door , the Germans choose some prisoner , take they baggage , and order they to enter . when that barrack be full , the line move on . guido look at that organization ! do you see that soldier ? you have to stand in line to get in . people try to sneak in every which way , but they have to stand in line outside , and the guard check everyone . look , they do not let that two in ! in fact , two prisoner be take away mysteriously . guido do not worry , though , they 's let we in , I reserve ! see , joshua ? ' we be go to have a great time ! joshua daddy , what 's the name of this game ? guido right ! the name of the game ? it 's the thing game , the one I tell you about ! we be all play , get it ? the man here , the woman over there . then there be the soldier . then they 's ii give we the 76 schedule . not so easy , be it ? no , not easy . if you make a mistake , they send you right home . but if you win , you get first prize . joshua ' what do you win , daddy ? guido ( hesitates ) you win — first prize ! I tell you ! joshua yes , but what 's the prize ? guido be have a hard time . guido it 's ... it 's ... uncle come to he rescue . uncle a tank ! joshua J already have a tank ! guido no , a real one . brand new ! joshua stop , open-mouthed . joshua areal one ? he be ecstatic . no ! guido yes ! I do not want to tell you . joshua how do you get to come in first ? guido pl tell you later . joshua a real tank ! 77 guido areal one ! at the next door , the soldier make some prisoner enter , guido and joshua among this . but uncle be force to continue walk with the other man . joshua where be uncle go ? guido to another team , it 's all be plan . he wave . " bye , uncle ! as they enter the barrack , they stop , frighten . it be a filthy , nauseate room with dank stone wall and dull light come through the small window . bunk bed , pile three high , line the wall around a small space in the center of the room where the new arrival be crowded together . about half the bed in the room be take by emaciate , silent young man age by fatigue . here and there , face peek out from the cover , smile in friendship and solidarity . guido have to recharge , because joshua be about to burst into tear . he rub he hand together exaggeratedly . guido ( pleased ) ah , do not I tell you ? be this amazing , or what ? ( loudly ) ' we reserve two singles ! he and joshua go to the first free bed they find on the bottom row . guido quickly , or they will take we space . Father and son will share a bed , the first available bunk they find in the bottom row . the two bunk above be already take . the little boy be sad —he do not like this place . he sit down on the bed , with tear in he eye . his father see . guido okay , we sleep here , we will snuggle up . joshua ! joshua I 's ugly here , it stink . I want to go to mommy ! guido we will . joshua I be hungry . ~ 78 , guido ( we be go to eat , joshua . joshua and they be really mean , they yell . guido they -have to , there 's a big prize , so they have to be really tough because everybody want that tank , joshua ! joshua so what do you have to do ? can I see mommy ? guido when the game 's over . bartholomeyw , a longtime prisoner , thin as a rail inside he stripe uniform , look down from the high bunk bed and listen sorrowfully . joshua and when be the game over ? guido you have to get a—a thousand point . whoever get they first win the tank . joshua the tank ? I do not believe it . ( he whimper . ) do we get a snack ? guido ( surprised ) a snack ? we will see . let I ask , we be all friend here . he look up and see bartholomew , who have be listen to the conversation . guido ' well , look who 's here ! see who 's here ? it 's what ’s-his-name .... bartholomew bartholomew . guido uh , bartholomew , have the bread and jelly man come by yet ? bartholomew , he expression unchange , nod he head . 79 guido 1 know it , we miss he ! he will come by again , will not he ? bartholomew shrug he shoulder . just then a ss corporal come in with two armed soldier . the corporal be a pudgy man with a stem air about he . he look over he shoulder as though wait for someone . but he 's in a hurry . corporal ( in german ) any of you italian speak german ? no one say a word , they be too frighten . guido say in a whisper to bartholomew , guido ( whisper ) what do he say ? bartholomew very softly ) he 's look for someone who speak german . he 's go to explain the camp nule . guido promptly raise he hand . bartholomew ( very softly ) you speak german ? the corporal motion guido to come stand next to he . guido ( very softly as he move ) no . guido take he place next to the corporal , who immediately start yell loudly at the prisoner . corporal ( in german ) attention ! I be only go to say this once ! he look at guido , wait for a translation . guido okay , the game begin ! if you be here , you be here , if you be not , you be not ! corporal ( in german ) ' you be here for one reason , and one reason only ! guido ( in italian ) the first one to get a thousand point win a real tank ! . corporal ( in german ) to work ! 80 guido lucky man ! the prisoner be try to understand what the corporal and guido be talk about , but only joshua get it . he be stand very still , eye pop . the corporal point to the yard outside . corporal ( in german ) any sabotage be punishable by death , sentence carry out right here in the yard , by machine gun in the back ! he point to he own back . guido score will be announce every morning on the loudspeaker outside ! whoever be last have to wear a sign that say '' jackass '' — here on he back ! imitating the corporal 's gesture , he point to he own back . corporal ( in german ) you be privileged to work for we great Germany , building we great empire ! guido we play the mean guy , the one who yell ! whoever 's scared lose point ! the corporal get tougher . he hold up three finger . corporal ( in german ) there be three very important mile . one : never attempt escape . two : obey all order without ask question . Three : any attempt at organize riot will be punish by hang . ( loudly ) be that clear ? guido you can lose all you point for any one of three thing . one : if you cry . two : if you ask to see you mother . Three : if you be hungry and ask for a snack ! ( loudly ) forget it ! corporal ( in german ) you should be happy to work here . follow the rule and nothing bad will happen to you . 81 guido it 's easy to be disqualified for hunger . just yesterday , | lose forty point because J absolutely have to have a jelly sandwich . corporal ( in german ) obey order ! : guido apricot jelly ! a german soldier whisper something in the corporal 's ear . he nod . corporal ( in german ) one more thing : guido he want strawberry ! corporal ( in german ) when you hear this whistle ... he stick he finger in he mouth to imitate . the whistle . corporal ( in german ) ... everyone out of the dormitory immediately ! guido stick he finger in he mouth . guido never ask for lollipop ! you can not have any , they be for we only ! corporal ( in german ) and form two line ! guido J eat twenty yesterday ! corporal ( in german ) in absolute silence ! guido what a bellyache ! corporal ( in german ) every mome ... guido but they be so good ! 82 corporal ( in german ) +-- foll call ! guido just forget it ! corporal ( in german ) every two week you get a day of rest , no work . guido okay , it 's tough , but it 's fun , too . the prisoner look lose — they do not get it . but joshua be pay close attention , not miss a single word . corporal ( in german ) that 's it . anything else you want to know , ask the veteran prisoner . guido yesterday , for example , I play ring - around - a- rosy all day . today , I be play hide - and -seek . a million laugh . as he be about to leave , the corporal tum and add , corporal ( in german ) and that 's all I have to say . guido sorry , gotta run . the corporal point into the distance . corporal ( in german ) the work area be there . but you '!l figure out the layout here soon enough . the corporal go toward the exit . guido I be play hide - and -seek , gotta go before they find I . the corporal leave , follow by the soldier , who close the door . after a moment or two , the new prisoner rally around guido . a young man I be sorry , but ... 83 guido go to joshua . guido ( to the young man ) do not ask I , ask bartholomew , he know everything ! do not forget to tell I what he say too . everyone go toward bartholomew , who climb down from he bunk . guido ( to bartholomew ) later , tell I what the guard say . joshua 's face have a completely new expression on it . he be absolutely convinced that all this be one big game . joshua a thousand point ? guido tell you ! we be go to have fun . scene 50 the camp ; the foundry — int . , day it be a immense , hot , noisy foundry . the prisoner , in stripe uniform , work incessantly under the lazy gaze of armed guard and in the midst of molten metal , spark , heavy machinery , dust , soot .... the place be a inferno . guido , he tongue hang out , be on he knee , carry a gigantic anvil and move along ever so slowly . he take a step and seem about to fall over . suddenly , he find himself in front of a staircase . it take he by surprise . he stop and blink . he look up , study the staircase . he turn to vittorio , one of he roommate , who be not far behind , also carry a anvil in hand . he start walk , sway . guido they be half crazy ! they go toward the oven door . guido this have to weigh one hundred kilo ! it must be three thousand degree in here . J can not do it , vittorio . I can not cope anymore ! his arm pull he down farther and farther to the ground . vittorio after only the first one ? ~ guido why , be there more to move ? vittorio we be here until tonight ! slowly , guido pick up the anvil , then go to get another anvil . bartholomew be also behind he . they stop in front of . 2 mountain of anvil . they be surround by gigantic pile of iron object that have be unload from freight car . guido look at the anvil . another prisoner be take a piece of iron out of one pile . a straight razor be stick under the piece , and the prisoner , pull the razor free , fall backward . the blade go fly and wound bartholomew in the arm . he fall to the ground with a yell , as a spot of blood appear on the tom sleeve of he uniform . guido bartholomew , what happen ? where be they take you ? one of the german guard rush over threateningly , shove aside the prisoner who wounded bartholomew , and order the wounded man to get up . bartholomew ( in german ) to the hospital . I hurt my arm . . the guard motion he to leave . and follow he . guido ( to vittorio ) we be go to die here ! J can not take it anymore ! I be put this down . I will tell they I can not do it . what can they do to I ? vittorio they will kill you . guido good Lord , I will never make it . it 's get to be ten thousand degree in here . the guard point to the anvil . guard ( in german ) work ! scene 51 the camp ; barracks — int . , day Little joshua be seat on the bed , wait for he father to come back . the prisoner enter the room , wobble with fatigue . they fall onto they bed , exhaust . they be all present except 85 bartholomew and guido . joshua stare at the open door . finally guido appear . he come in , sway as if drunk , but wear a smile . joshua pop ! guido , panting , show he he stripe uniform . guido see this ? Nice , right ? he sit on the bed where joshua be . the child be now stand . guido ( panting but smile ) I sign we up . when I get to the desk the clerk say , '' no , you and you son be not on the list ! you will have to go home .... you do not pay you due ! '' I almost fall over . I say , '' get outta here ! joshua and I be already sign up . give I a number ! '' and he give I one ! guido show joshua the number on he uniform . guido just to be sure , I have they stamp the number here too . he show joshua he wrist where he prisoner number be tattooe . guido I say , '' can I have a look at the tank ? '' he say , '' no ! '' Fine ; never mind . be you happy now ? so , do you play with the other kid today ? joshua yes , but they do not know any of the rule . they say it 's not true that you win a tank . they do not know about the point and score . guido take a piece of bread from he pocket . guido they know , they know . they be just be tricky , do not fall for it . everyone want that tank . what , no tank ? be we kid here ? joshua how many point do we get today ? 86 guido fifty ! actually , forty -eight , they deduct two point because I trip while I be play hopscotch . but I have a great time , I nearly die laugh . J can not wait until tomorrow . hopscotch , tug of war , and ring around the rosy . every game , ] do not even remember all of they . '' you guy be obsessed . stop , I be tired ! '' I say . listen , do you eat something ? joshua yes , but ] do not ask for any snack . guido excellent ! so you get twelve point . I get forty - eight , you get twelve , wow —sixty point today ! sixty point get we this bread . no jelly , though . joshua bite into the bread eagerly . joshua ( chew ) sixty point ? be that a lot ? guido you bet ! it 's a lot , no kid . bartholomew enter , in pain , he arm bandage under he shirt . guido so , bartholomew ? how have it go ? bartholomew 's answer be to go slowly toward he bed . bartholomew could not be worse ! twenty stitches ! er , point ! guido shake he head . joshua ( softly , to he father ) ' we get more ! guido ( softly ) shhh . do not tell he . we be win ! eat . scene 52 the camp ; dora 's barracks ; stair ; the gas chamber—int .-ext . , day the woman , in prison uniform , be be lead down a steep , narrow stairway . they be all young prisoner . in front of one of the room on the top floor , a strict german woman attendant , 87 in army uniform , stop a elderly woman who be about to start downstairs with the other . the woman be still wear civilian clothes , however tatter . woman attendant ( with a german accent ) Old woman and child inside ! you do not work ! dora go down the stair with gigliola , a prisoner a few year older than she , a veteran of the camp . her uniform be messy and tear . on the floor below , a second woman attendant be wait . next to she be a armed soldier . second woman attendant ( with a german accent ) move it , girl ! faster ! come on — over here ! dora and gigliola go down the second flight of stair . gigliola ( to dora ) she 's new , but she learn fast . the one upstairs who be shooing we out ... she be okay when she first get here , but now she 's the worst of all ! dora ( in a tired voice ) at least the old woman and child do not have to work . maybe ... gigliola ( interrupt she ) listen , the old woman and child do not work because the Germans be go to kill they all . dora 's hand go to she heart . she stop , but gigliola do not notice . gigliola one of this day , they will call they for a shower : 's Children , shower time ! '' but the shower room here ... gigliola stop at a window and point to a small , sinister - look building not far away . gigliola «+ be the gas chamber . dora , next to she , look out . there be a big , iron gate which be close . a armed guard be outside . in front of the door be a long walkway , line leave and right with barb wire . the first woman attendant come down the stair at the end of the line of woman . first woman attendant ( in german ) Lotte , open the other door ! let 's go , let 's go ! 88 the woman ahead of she go faster down the stair . dora , however , be not move . she stand , profile against a window , look out , she eye fill with tear . the other prisoner be push she toward the landing .. scene 53 the camp ; the foundry — int . , day stagger , he tongue hang out of he mouth , guido be again carry a anvil . guido how can J do this ? vittorio ! where do they find this anvil ? joshua ( softly ) pop ! pop ! joshua appear from out of the shadow , where he have be hide behind some machinery , and go calmly toward he father . guido be panicked . he stop , rest the anvil on he knee . guido what be you do ? you can not come here ! get back into hide , what be you do here ? why be not you with the other child ? joshua , stay in the shadow , weave he way alongside he father . joshua because they say that today all the kid have to take a shower , and I do not want to take a shower ! guido go right now and take that shower ! joshua no , I will not ! what be you guy do here , pop ? guido ' we be make ...a... a tank . but we be way behind , we be still on the tread . the child wipe he nose with he sleeve . guido see how dirty you be ? ( sternly ) go take that shower ! 89 joshua no ! guido you stubborn thing ! I be go to tell mommy ! you will lose ten point ! you wait right here for I , do not let anyone see you , and we will go back together . this sure be fun . he keep walk , until he be back in line with the other prisoner carry anvil . scene 54 the camp ; gas chamber ; waiting room — int . , sunset uncle , silent and with a faraway look in he eye , be slowly get undress . he take off he jacket and hang it on a nail . the gas chamber 's large anteroom be light by a few wall lamp . attendant and ss man check that all the elderly and the child be get undress . attendant’s voice ( in german ) everything , take everything off . get undress and hang you clothes there . you will get everything back after the shower . remember you number to get you clothes back . the second attendant tum , trip on something , and fall down with a cry . uncle , he shirt already unbuttone , reach down and give she he hand , help she to she foot . uncle be you hurt , mar ’am ? she notice he for the first time and back away , stare into he face with a frighten , upset look . then she walk away with long stride . uncle take off he shirt . scene 55 the camp ; guido 's bunk --int . , night under the artificial ceiling light , the prisoner , in they bed , look even more ghostly . bartholomew have move into the lower bunk that be guido and joshua 's . he be tidy up . he have trade he upper berth with father and son , who now sleep in the upper bunk . guido prefer the top berth because joshua can hide more easily from anyone come in or out of the room . joshua be climb up , push by guido . guido thanks , bartholomew ! joshua , from now on you have to hide all day ! if they find you , it 's all over . they 'o ! disqualify we . joshua and what be I suppose to do all day ? 90 guido do not let anyone see you , especially the bad guy who be always yell . joshua lie down on the bed and disappear from he father 's sight . joshua T have to stay here all the time ? guido no , no ! J 'o ] take you with I , do not worry ! I 'l hide you ! this be the hardest part , because if no one find you , we win the tank ! we will make a hundred twenty point a day on this one ! you be not even here . no one 's ever set eye on you ! you disappear ! get it ? joshua do not answer . guido joshua ? the little boy 's smile face appear . guido uh-oh . I see you ! joshua disappear . guido ( satisfied ) excellent ! scene 56 the camp ; one of the structure — int . , day dora and the woman from she bunk be work in the shadow of a immense , dirty hut . it be pitiful , heart - wrenching work . dora be stand in front of a big heap of clothing . her job be to separate hat , shoe , glass , clothing , glove — and put they on long portable table make of plank and sawhorse . she work with deep respect , she throat tight with pain , because she be afraid that any minute she will come across something of joshua 's or uncle 's . amongst the rag , a litle kitten be move around , sniff as if look for someone or something . scene 57 . the camp ; a narrow lane ; a office — ext . , day on top of a very tall pole , four loudspeaker be hang at right angle .. a voice be give order in german to the army personnel . 91 loudspeaker voice ( in german ) attention , attention ! the west gate will be close for several day . heavy material must be move through the camp 's north exit . in a jong , narrow lane , a group of prisoner be return from work . guido be among they , push a rickety wheelbarrow fill with empty sack and all sort of debris . to he alarm , a little hiccough be hear every once in a while from under the sack . around the corner , the group of prisoner pass by a door that open onto a light room . a german soldier run out of the room and disappear down the street . guido slow down abruptly ; he 's get a idea . on the table inside the empty office be a microphone . guido do not think twice . he look around , and as the last of the line of prisoner pass he by , he park the wheelbarrow and go into the office . guido anyone home ? be I intrude ? bitte ! there be no one . he turn and call . guido joshua ? the little boy 's head pop up from under the sack — with a hiccough . guido ( in a low voice ) come here , quick as lightning ! the boy go into the office . guido switch on the microphone and tap it with he finger . the loudspeaker transmit the tap . he start speak , smile broadly . guido ( loudly ) good morning , princess ! joshua approach , very excited . he can not stand still — as if he have to pee . guido last night ... the loudspeaker atop the pole be broadcasting guido 's voice at full volume to every comer of the camp . guido' voice I dreamt of you all night ! we have be to the movie .... scene 58 92 the camp ; dora' work hut— int .-ext . , day dora be thoroughly stunne . she have no idea what be happen . the voice out of nowhere leave she freeze . she step toward the door of the hut , look around , search the air . guido 's voice you be wear that pink suit I like so much ! and now ... all of a sudden , after some brief static , the voice change . joshua ( happily ) mommy ! you should see ! pop take I around in a wheelbarrow , and he can not drive ! you would die laugh ! and we be win . how many point do we get today , pop ? guido 's voice ( interrupt ) Quick ! run ! the bad guy , the one who yell , they be behind US .... joshua' voice where ? guido over there ! the microphone be still on ; there be noise , static , the sound of run foot . dora have be listen apprehensively , she fist clench tight . her face light up as the voice become incomprehensible , hard , and guttural . a soldier 's voice ( yell in german ) who be that ? who be the idiot who ... with a click , the transmission be over . dora , come out into the sunlight , look up . a light breeze blow she hair . not far behind she , two other woman look up into the sky . scene 59 the camp ; barracks—int .-ext . , day it be raining out . the sky be gray . guido be lean against the window look out . he be very thin , and tired . a grimy blanket cover he shoulder . joshua 's voice startles guido . joshua daddy , be they dry ? his father turn and look up at the little boy , who be hide in the top bed . 93 guido what ? ohpyes . he quickly gather up the clothes he have wash as best he can and dry in the open air and throw they onto the bed . guido get dress . the door behind guido open suddenly , and several prisoner , drip wet and look depressed , come in . one of they be bartholomew , who sit down on he bed . guido realize that many have not retume . guido bartholomew , where 's vittorio ? and alfonso and the other ? bartholomew frown as a german attendant appear at the door , follow by armed guard . joshua disappear into he bed ; he father be watch from the comer of he eye . attendant ( in german ) everyone else out ! the other half of the prisoner file out . guido be last in line . scene 60 the camp ; a large ; whitewashed room — int . , day the prisoner , naked to the waist , be line up against the wall for a medical exam . a camp doctor , in a white coat , be stand in front of they ; on one side of he be a woman attendant in a white coat and on the other side a soldier aim a revolver , ready to intervene at any moment . the doctor 's back be to the camera , he be wear white glove . the medical selection examination be take place in a whitewash room . in a distant comer , other army man be seat at a crude table litter with coffee cup and papers . guido watch the doctor approach with amazement . after a quick examination of the prisoner , the physician give he verdict to the nurse , who write it down in a notebook . the doctor check eye , hand and foot , give he verdict , and move on . now he be in front of guido : it be he , no doubt about it . it be Dr. lessing , the man guido know year ago at the Grand Hotel . but the doctor do not recognize he . he examine he quickly , murmur something to the nurse , and go on to the next prisoner . guido screw up he nerve . guido '' tf you say my name , I disappear . '' the doctor stop ; the nurse be yell something at guido . nurse ( in german ) silence ! 94 lessing have turn to look at guido , then turn back , motion to the nurse . he look at the prisoner , the first prisoner he have look in the eye . guido '' silence ! '' a slight smile light up lessing 's face . he take a closer look . dr . lessing the Grand Hotel ! guido nod . the doctor move on , thoughtfully , to inspect the hand of the next prisoner . dr . lessing ( to himself ) guido ! he continue examine the prisoner , but call to one of the man seat at the table . dr . lessing ( call ) franz ? a subaltern leave the table and go toward the doctor , who speak to he rapidly , point to guido . the subaltem approach guido and gesture for guido to follow he . guido leave the line and go with he . scene 61 the camp ; guido 's barracks — int . , day guido come in , drip wet . he close the door behind he . bartholomew breathes a sigh of relief . bartholomew guido , thank God ! I be so worried . what happen to you ? bartholomew , who have be stand , sit down on he bed . less than half the original number of prisoner be leave in the barrack . guido this be a loony bin ! they be all crazy ! the doctor , the captain there — I know he when J be a waiter . he say they be give a dinner here for the officer and they wife , and he tell I I have to serve at the dinner . maybe he want to help I . he might get we out of here . ( he call ) joshua ? he get down and look around worriedly . 95 guido ( to bartholomew ) have you see joshua ? bartholomew spread he arm . a hiccough be hear from under one of the bottom bed . guido joshua ! he bend down and see the little boy under the bed , eye pop with fear . guido come out of there ! but the child will not move . his father pull he out and help he stand up . he dust off he jacket . guido look at this , you be al} dirty ! now , when ... joshua ( unhappily ) where be you ? guido . what ? oh — I be ... I tell you , I have to finish a card game . joshua they make button and soap out of we . guido joshua , what be you talk about ? joshua they cook we in the oven . guido who tell you that ? joshua a man be cry and he say they make button and soap out of we . guido burst out laugh . guido joshua ! you fall for it again ! and here I think you be a sharp kid ! he smile . button and soap . right . and tomorrow mome I be wash my hand with bartholomew and buttone my jacket with francesco and my vest with Claudio ... he be laugh as he pull a button off he jacket and let it fall to the floor . guido uh-oh , Giorgio fall off ! he pick up the button and put it in he pocket . guido they make button out of people ? what else ? joshua they cook we in oven ! guido stare at he and laugh . guido ( laugh ) they cook we in oven ? I have hear of a wood - burn oven , but I never hear of a people - bume oven . oh , I be out of wood , pass I that lawyer over there ! no , that lawyer 's no good , he 's not dry ! come on , joshua , get with it ! let 's get serious now . tomorrow morning there 's a sack race with the bad guy , and joshua ( interrupt ) no , pop , that 's enough , I want to go home , guido now ? joshua right now . guido its raining now . you '! come down with a terrible fever ! joshua I do not care . let 's go . guido okay , you want to go home , we will go ! he get onto the bed and fold the blanket . 97 joshua ( amaze ) can we really go ? guido sure ! you do not think they force people to stay here , do you ? ( he thinks a minute . ) ' we drop out , they cancel we . too bad . we be win , too . he pretend to look for a suitcase . guido some other kid 's go to win the real tank . joshua which kid ? there be not any more kid , I be the only one leave . guido jump down from the bed . guido no more kid ? it 's full of kid , it 's busting with kid . joshua ' yeah ? where be they ? guido hiding . they be not allow to come out . it 's full of kid hide . it 's a serious game . joshua i do not get this game . how many point do we have ? guido open the barrack door . it be pour outside . guido six hundred eighty - seven . I have tell you a thousand time , we be first . we be win ! but never mind , we will drop out . let 's go ! see the chart yesterday . we will go anyway , though . " bye , bartholomew . joshua and I be leave . we be feed up here . guido ( to bartholomew ) the tank be do , it 's ready . clean the spark plug off before you start it . open the throttle . otherwise the cannon will get stick with the track . and the gun , do you see how nice it be ? it come out beautiful ! lift the emergency brake before you move ! joshua and I be go . joshua want to quit . we could have go back with the tank soon , but we will take the bus today . joshua and I be leave . so long , everybody . we 's be tired of this place . let 's go , or we will miss the bus . 98 joshua it 's raining , Il ] come down with a terrible fever ! and he start to move toward the door . he look at the rain . joshua be stand still , confuse . scene 62 the camp ; the - yard and the officer 's mess — ext .-int . , day ' the four loudspeaker be transmit one of Hitler 's speech . from several window of the officer 's mess swastika flag and banner wave . all around the gloomy camp building be sign of the recent rain , and mad everywhere . a german car stop at the entrance to the mess . two woman and four beautifully dress child get out . a officer and he wife greet they , smile . with the officer be another man in civilian clothes . they greet one another and introduction be make . a second car be already stand in the yard and a child , slightly muddy but also beautifully dress , be hide behind it . his friend , a smaller boy , run to hide behind a pile of stone . several german child who arrive earlier be play hide - and -seek . behind the entrance door to the officer '' mess , one little boy , eye close and hide against he arm , be count . little boy ( in german ) twelve , thirteen , fourteen . guido be wear a waiter 's uniform , several size 100 big for he . he be inside one of the draw room on the top floor of the officer 's mess , and be setting the table with two male german attendant , in uniform , and one female attendant . Hitler 's voice can be hear through the open window . the other leave the room and guido be alone . he go to close the window and see ... the little boy count , he then see he run with another boy and hide in a doorway , while the other child , hide here and there and teady to burst , peek out . but it 's guido who burst out with a idea . he run from the room . scene 63 the camp ; guido 's barracks — int . , sunset the room be empty . joshua be on the bed , bang a spoon against the bucket on he head . when he hear the door open , he quickly hide under the blanket . but it 's guido , out of breath . guido joshua ? it 's I , pop ! I have to tell you something important . come here ! scene 64 the camp ; a corner and the yard — ext . , sunset Father and son be walk very quickly down a desert path . 99 | guido T have be try to catch that little devil since this mome . joshua be there really a little boy ? guido - more than one — - there must be two thousand , they be like mouse , they be everywhere . but they know how to hide . they want that tank , darn they ! they stop at a comer that open onto the yard where the officer 's mess be locate . guido keep joshua hide behind he , and look into the yard . guido stop ! I think I see he , he 's right near here . a few step away be a small hut with a metal door , about the size of a night table , which may house the camp 's water main . guido look and see if he 's inside there , I will stand guard here . joshua open the door and jump back . a blond boy hide inside also jump back , and signal joshua to close the door right away . blond boy ( in german ) shhh ! Close the door , close it ! I be in here ! joshua close the door and turn to he father triumphantly . joshua he 's there , pop ! he 's there ! guido ' be he blond ? joshua yes ! guido yep , that 's he , all right . his name be swanz . he 's be hide there for three week . he be rank second , and we have eliminate he ! sooner or later , I will find the other , too . joshua ( softly ) how many be there ? 100 guido it 's a wasp 's nest , it 's full of they , I tell you ! all hide ! joshua but where be they hide ? guido everywhere , I say ! just then the woman attendant who be set the table come out of the officer 's mess . she be chunky and efficient . she clap she hand and call the child who have be play hide - and - seek . woman attendant ( loudly , in german ) Children , that 's enough . come inside now . Children ? Children come pop out . one be hide behind a wall , two come out of the trunk of the park car , one come out from behind the pile of stone , another jump off a windowsill . joshua 's eye be bugging out of he head . joshua pop ! guido T will be dame , it 's a real hideout . he point to they one by one . guido gottcha ! gottcha ! gottcha ! he tum and take joshua away fast . but the german attendant see joshua and think he be one of the german child . she point a finger and call out . woman attendant ( in german ) Little one ! you , over there ! come here ! I say everyone inside ! guido stop dead . guido Holy smoke ! she see we . joshua be we out ? the attendant be walk quickly toward they . 101 guido no. listen , she 's come for you . this be where the silent game begin . woman attendant ( in german ) well ? what be you wait for ? come on ! guido ( without move he lip ) you have to be absolutely quiet all evening ! swear it ! quickly he dust joshua 's clothes , straighten they , and button the boy 's jacket . guido swear it ! joshua ( happily ) I swear ! he cross he index finger and kiss they . guido they talk so weird , you can not understand a thing . but you stay quiet ! if we get through this , we win ! it 's the last round , the silent game ! the woman attendant take joshua by one hand , brush he off with the other . woman attendant ( in german ) the dirtiest of all ! come on ! but first she turn to guido . woman attendant ( in italian ) why be you here with the child ? guido I be here to ... woman attendant ( in italian ) quiet ! never speak , understand ? guido I swear it ! he kiss he finger . they go toward the officer 's mess . before guido run off , he wink at he son . and joshua wink back . 102 scene 65 the camp ; officer 's mess — int . , night the german officer and they wife and child be have dinner . there be about a dozen couple and a dozen child between six and twelve year old . there be two adjacent dining room ; a wide , open door be between the room . in one room , the adult sit at a long table . in the other room , the child sit at a roundtable , some . quiet , some shouting . guido be serve at the adult table . Dr. lessing do not even look at he . a office , temporarily serve as a dining room , have armchair and sofa that do not exactly match . annoy by the child 's noise , a major , in uniform , rise and go toward the other room . major ( shouting , in german ) that 's enough ! Peter , gretel ... be quiet while you be eat ! the child shut up immediately . joshua , mute , see that the other have also stop make noise . he like this game , it 's easy . and there 's food , lot and lot of food . Dr. lessing finally jook sneakily at guido . the italian waiter go to he table and put some bottled sauce down . the two exchange glance . the doctor purposely drop a piece of silverware . guido rush to pick it up . as he bend over , lessing whisper to he . dr . lessing ( in a whisper ) I must speak to you , it 's very important . guido be bend over . guido ' where ? when ? dr . lessing t’'ll signal you later ! guido pick up the silverware from the floor and take it away . the child be eat in silence . guido serve the portion on plate which the german waiter put in front of the child . when he serve joshua , the little boy say , joshua ( loudly ) grazie ! the child realize he mistake immediately . the realization be confirm when he see he father , frighten , stare at he . the german waiter and several of the child look at he oddly . german waiter ( in german to joshua ) what do you say ? the child purse he lip . = 103 german waiter ( in german ) what 's you name , little boy ? joshua do not answer . guido do not know what to do . the german waiter leave the room hurriedly , ignore the plate that the italian waiter be hold out to he . guido follow he and see he go down the stair . he go back to the child . a moment later , the german waiter come back with a heavy - set woman soldier . they enter the room and stop at the door when they see what be go on in the child 's dining room . guido , he finger in the air like . a professor , be teach the german child how to say '' thank you '' in italian . he put a glass in front of one of the child , who say , first child '' grazie ! '' second child '' grazie ! '' guido no , not '' crazie , '' '' grazie . '' grrr ... in unison the child , correct one another , practice . child '' grazie . '' grr ...grazie !. crazie...crrr ... no , '' grazi . '' gh...gh ... with a look at the german waiter , the female soldier , dress as a cook , spread she arm wide . she be in a hurry , but she go to guido with a stem look . ' woman soldier ( in italian ) I say you be not to speak to the child ! ( to the child , in german ) you child eat . no talk ! she leave . from a old - fashioned Victrola 's horn in the next room come the sweet note of a delicate tango , background to the officer 's and they wife 's evening . dinner be almost over ; people be leave the table and sip drink . some be smoking , some laugh . guido look for Dr. lessing . the doctor be talk with a lady , who walk away when another friend call she . guido approach . he fill he german friend 's empty cognac glass . guido ( very softly ) Doctor , my wife be here too . dr . lessing ah ! just then the major , smile , join they . major ( in german ) lessing , what 's go on ? you seem worried this last few day . enjoy the evening . guido move away , put down the bottle of cognac , and go to the child 's dining room . the child , quiet as mouse , be have dessert . joshua 's mouth be so stuff , he can not even swallow . his father bend over he shoulder and say , guido ( in a murmur ) easy , joshua . eat slowly or you will be sick . we be in the lead and the game 's almost over . we will be go soon , joshua ! do not make any mistake now , okay ? he stand up straight and , move away , wink at he son . joshua wink back , hide a smile . in the other room , several couple be dance . the other guest be cordially converse . this time , it be Dr. lessing who move toward guido . guido see he . the doctor purposely spill he full glass on a long table set up against the wall . he wave extravagantly at the italian waiter . dr . lessing ( loudly ) here ! guido run up with a napkin and dry the table as the doctor turn toward he , he face impassive and thoughtful . dr . lessing ( softly ) okay , guido , listen carefully . the doctor look around one last time . dr . lessing ( softly , but passionately ) '' fat and ugly as can be , and all yellow — that 's I . ask I what I be , I answer cheep , cheep , cheep ! '' guido be pay attention . he stop clean the table , paralyze . dr . lessing ( loudly ) '' when I walk , I make poppo’ , so who be I , do you know ? '' guido be astonished . dr . lessing ( loudly ) the answer 's the Ugly duckle , right ? he look at guido , nodd he head , then interrupt himself , vex . 105 dr . lessing it be the Ugly duckle — but it 's not ! I have not sleep in four month . a veterinarian friend send it to I from Vienna , and J can not send he mine until ] solve this one ! '' fat and ugly as can be '' — it have to be the Ugly duckle . but he say it be not ! so what be it ? I think maybe a platypus , but it do not say cheep cheep ! the platypus go frrr ... frrr ... he take a half step toward guido . dr . lessing I translate it into italian for you last night . what do you think ? everything point to the Ugly duckle . help , guido ! guido have stop listen . sadly , he feel he hope crash . but the doctor , oblivious , keep mumble . dr . lessing ( to himself , in german ) '' fat and ugly as can be , and all yellow — that 's I . ask I what 1 be , Jack — the answer 's cheep , cheep , cheep ! '' the record be finish ; the phonograph needle be revolve around the empty space on the record . guido look into the child 's dining room . they have finish eat and all have leave the table except joshua , who be asleep at he place , head on he arm . guido change the record . he see a interesting one , and put it on . it be offenbach 's barcarole . on the open note , a couple begin to dance a slow waltz , hold one another tight . but when the song itself begin , guido open the window wider and tum the Victrola horn toward the yard . where it be night . scene 66 the camp ; dora' barracks — int . , night the poignant note of the barcarole travel on the dense , low fog that enfold the camp yard . this music be guido and dora 's song . now , the note move through the moonlit haze and through the dark street of the immense camp , look for dora . in the moonlight , the iron bar over the small window shine brightly against the stone . dora have get out of bed , draw by the far-off music . she approach the window , open it , and look out . she see the moon , outline clearly against the night , brighten the fog just over the officer 's mess , where the window be light up on the top floor . the music be come from there . she understand that it be for she — a serenade for she . scene 67 the camp — ext . , night it be as if the music be mute by the fog . guido be in the yard , at the officer 's mess . 106 guido okay , come on ! joshua appear out of the fog . they rush off , but guido , shroud in the mist , be disorient . guido . here ! they disappear . the fog lift , they reappear . the camp 's white searchlight roam over the wall . they disappear into the fog . guido' voice where be we ? joshua' voice pop , I be tired ! they reappear near a sort of workshop . but the fog be blind . joshua be asleep in he father 's arm . guido where be we ? J take a wrong tum , joshua . oh , good — you be asleep . pleasant dream . maybe it 's really all a dream . just a dream , joshua ... he be roam aimlessly , the sleep joshua 's head rest on he shoulder . guido tomorrow mome mommy 's go to wake we up with a nice cup of warm milk and some cookie . first we will eat , then will make love to she two or three time ... he come out of the fog . guido 's voice - lf T can ! he stop at a patch where the fog be thin — and the sight before he eye turn he to stone . facing he be a mountain of corpse . just behind the pile of body , the sinister arm of a crane use to transport the dead body be stick up into the air . guido retreat and be swallow up by the white fog . scene 68 the camp ; guido 's barracks— int .-ext , , night guido and joshua be asleep in they miserable bed , arm around each other . but something be happen in the camp , something amazing . the noise of truck approach and parking outside 107 the window wake guido brusquely ; he look out to see what be go on . outside , the truck , turn , stop ; it be fill with prisoner , all stand , all terrify . guido cover the still sleep joshua with a blanket and climb down from the bed . as soon as the truck move off , bartholomew 's and other 's face appear at the window with guido . a rough voice , speak german , be hear over the loudspeaker . guido bartholomew ... bartholomew shhh .... they listen . voice over the loudspeaker ( in german ) Colonel muller , report to headquarters at once ! Colonel muller to headquarters ! Lieutenant grokemberger , to headquarters immediately ! silence bartholomew sure . they be probably in Australia by now ! bartholomew 's eye be bright with excitement and happiness . he tum to the other . bartholomew they must have call that two officer to headquarters at least twenty time . they be long go . guido what else do they say ? he look out the window . bartholomew you do not need to understand german , you can see for yourself . they face be see in the window from the outside . against the glass , image of chaos be reflect : man escape , enlist man on motorcycle , a officer give abrupt order to a platoon that immediately disperse . behind they , there be a small explosion . bartholomew the war 's over . they be run away . guido so what about we ? what happen to we ? 108 bartholomew who know ? they 's have take about fifty truckload of prisoner away . either they be go to kill we all , or ... ] do not know . guido ' where be the truck go ? bartholomew look , the important thing be not to get into one of the truck . they leave full and come back empty . where do you think they be go ? guido what about the woman ? what 's go on ? we should get out of here , split up , and take we chance . do not even pack , just go ! there be sound of distant machine - gun fire and dog bark . bartholomew T have be hearing machine - gun fire and dog bark for the last six hour ; they do not want to leave any trace . guido good-bye , bartholomew — see you in viareggio . we will start we own business : a anvil company ! he climb up the bunk to wake joshua . scene 69 the camp ; a yard near the officer 's barracks —-ext .-night a strong wind be blow through the camp . Father and son be snake they way down a dark lane , try to avoid the searchlight . joshua 's shoulder be cover with a blanket . they stop at a comer ; the officer 's mess be across the street , a bonfire burn in front of the building . guido joshua , they be really fight mad this time ! joshua what ? who ? guido they be furious at you ! everyone 's look for you , do not you see ? they be tume everything upside down to find you , they be even look under rock ! you be the last one , the only one they have not find ! Boy , be they mad ! get down—stop ! 109 he bend over abruptly . joshua what be it ? guido nothing . I think . .. okay , tomorrow the game 's over and they be give out the prize . if you.can just stay hide tonight , we get sixty point ! joshua how many do we have now ? guido nine hundred forty ! plus sixty make ...? joshua a thousand ! guido first place ! we win ! he look around . in the wind , a soldier turn a corner . guido ' wow , they be really hunt you down . see where that guard 's look ? Boy , be they mad ! no mistake tonight , this be it ! go hide in that box , quick . joshua but that 's where swanz be hide ! guido ' who ? joshua swanz , pop ! the blond kid ! guido right ! swanz ! they get he yesterday . it 's the safest place now , they will not look there again . take the blanket in case you get cold , I 's ) be right back , I be go 10 put they on the wrong track ! go—one , two , three — go , joshua ! joshua take off like a speed bullet and hide in the small hut , which be about the size of a night table . 110 guido I think I see he over there ! he look around and run away . scene 70 the camp — ext . , night next to the barb wire a mass of woman be wait to get onto the truck . the wind be blind . ~ guido watch from afar ; he move in the shadow . he can not get any closer : there be only woman and soldier there . he turn back at a run . scene 71 the camp -— —- ext . , night guido , push by the wind , disappear for a moment in the dark . he hide when the spotlight be about to catch he , then move on . he stop at a comer , where he see the crane with its macabre steel hand hang in the air . guido tum and run ... but trip on something , perhaps a body . he keep run , turn a corner again . at he back be the constant sound of gunfire . scene 72 the camp ; near the officer 's mess — ext . , night in acloud of dust , guido near the box where joshua be hide . he open it and see the child . joshua pop , you scared I to death ! guido give I the blanket . be you cold ? joshua no . guido then let I have you jacket , too . I will throw it up onto a tree , it will throw they off track . joshua take off he jacket . guido you should see how angry they be , how they be look for you ! he take the jacket . 111 guido okay , so long ! he turn back . guido joshua , if ] should be a little late , do not you move , do not come gut ! you have to wait , do not come out until it be absolutely quiet and you can not see anyone for mile . just to be sure ! okay ? now repeat what J just say . joshua I can not come out unti ] there 's no one around . guido right ! stubborn boy ! he kiss joshua on the forehead , close the box , and run off around a comer ... where he stop , pull he trousers up over he knee , and tie the blanket around he waist . but suddenly he hear a dog bark loudly nearby . he peer around the comer and see ... a german soldier walk a german shepherd on a leash . the dog be bark at the metal box where joshua be hide ; its muzzle be practically inside the slot on the door . the soldier give swift order to the two soldier with he . guido panic . he do not know what to do . guido ( mumble mechanically to himself , invoke schopenhauer ) go away , guy ; go away , dog ; go , go ... Little by little , the three soldier move away , the dog 's master pull the animal behind he . guido breathes a sigh of relief . guido ( smile ) good for you , ferruccio — it work ! he run off into the darkness , wrapping joshua 's jacket around he head . scene 73 the camp — ext . , night the woman be climb up onto a truck . in the background white smoke and flame , rise from a tall smokestack , be blow through the camp by the high wind . guido 's face appear from behind a comer . he be wear joshua 's jacket on he head like a woman 's kerchief . he retreat suddenly because the searchlight be approach the street . when it pass , guido come out , take a few step , and quickly climb up onto a windowsill . he grab a iron drainpipe against 112 the wall . the searchlight rove under he foot . he jump down and sneak up , in the dark , to the woman stand in line . he move among the woman , look at they face . guido dora ? anyone by the name of dora here ? dora ? he move among the woman . scene 74 the camp ; the women 's barracks — int . , night guido appear in the open door . the woman 's barrack be empty , barely light by the light outside filter through the window . guido dora ? dora , be you here ? it 's I , it 's guido ! 1 know someone 's hide here , be there anyone by the name of dora ? a moment later . a woman 's voice no ! guido leave . scene 75 the camp — ext . , night a truck fill with woman be back up into a street where the wind be blow cloud of smoke . the woman in the truck see guido 's face appear among that of the woman stand on the ground . guido anyone by the name of dora here ? she 's italian — it 's my wife ! dora ? a woman yes , there 's a dora. ( she call ) dora ! guido ( excitedly ) dora , it 's I ! he start follow the truck , which be pick up speed . 113 second woman who 's there ? it be another dora , a pale girl with short , light hair and blue eye . guido no , that 's not she , be there another dora ? the truck go fast ; guido be run behind it . guido as soon as you be out the gate , jump off the truck ! but they do not hear he , the truck be already far away . guido be alone , heedless of how expose he be . in fact , a woman soldier see he and blow she whistle . woman soldier ( in german ) over there ! that woman ! guido , realize what have happen , run off . the searchlight follow he . the light stop at the wall guido climb before . the searchlight pass the window ; something be hang from the window . the light move back and focus on a wave blanket hang from the window . the light widen and creep up the wall . guido be hang from the drainpipe , blind by the light . the blanket have slip to he foot . footstep be hear approach . guido let go and fall to the ground , but he can not run because the blanket be around he ankle . he pick it up and tie it around he waist as best he can under the murderous eye of a german soldier who be near he , machine gun in hand . the soldier poke under the blanket with the gun muzzle ; the blanket move , and he see guido 's roll up trousers and male leg . he take a step back , and aim the machine gun . guido close he eye and hunch over , but a voice stop the action . a sergeant ( in german ) stop ! what be you do ? not here , take he to the usual place . soldier ( in german ) yes , sir ! the soldier point the gun barrel at guido , motion he to go first . the soldier follow . they move off toward the woman 's area , near the yard . scene 76 the camp ; near the officer 's mess — ext . , dawn scatter gunfire be hear here and there in the camp . a few jeep with officer aboard leave the camp at top speed through the main gate . guido , dress like a woman , be walk ahead of the armed soldier . he know there be no escape , and look around he for a last- minute solution . a motorcycle go by . guido start . the soldier say , 114 soldier ( loudly , in german ) straight ahead , move it ! they go a few more step . guido be stil ] look around , but he realize that they be about a dozen meter from the box where joshua be hide . he can not risk it , he slow down and look toward the child . joshua 's eye light up in the dark box , behind the slot . he see ... guido , in comical woman 's dress , who wink and smile at he . then guido make a funny face and start goose-stepp — the military high jink joshua know so.well . still hide in the box , the little boy stifles a laugh . the soldier get nervous , he do not understand the kid around . soldier ( in german ) what the devil be you do ! speed it up — tum right here . there be a building on the right . the two disappear around a corner . two rapid burst of gunfire be hear . a moment later the soldier appear , walk quickly as he shoulder he weapon . in the meantime , the sun have appear on the horizon . the wind be still blow . a truck hes , but this time it be fill with german soldier . it slow down . two of the soldier jump onto the truck , throw they machine gun behind they . the truck leave the yard , follow by two motorcycle and a army car . the sun have rise even higher . the wind begin to die down . the last hundred or so prisoner straggle out of the camp 's main gate . they be the weakest . they help one another . and when the last prisoner have leave the camp , the camera move x where joshua be hide . a few moment of silence . ever so slowly , the door of the box open . joshua come out and take a step or two , look around with a half -smile . there be not a soul in sight , not even a fly . suddenly , from not too far off , a noise break the silence , the deafen noise of a engine , a brand - / new sound that get nearer and nearer and louder and louder . joshua stare straight ahead . the noise be deafen by now . then , on a street between two building , a enormous green tank appear . it bear the white american star . the creature move forward , raise dust and head straight for joshua . the tread stop a few step from the little boy ... who be stand still as a statue , he mouth wide open . he can not believe he eye . he smile . all around , the air fill with the sound of other american Army vehicle , jeep , and motorcycle . a few word of English can be hear . the tower of the tank open and a young ican soldier appear . he see the little boy and smile . he look around the desert camp , then focus he eye on joshua again . american soldier ( in English ) hi , boy ! joshua stare at the gigantic tank , which be move . he take a step forward . joshua it 's true ! he 's craze with joy . behind he , american soldier be come and go , weapon in hand . american soldier ( in English ) you alone , kid ? what 's you name ? can you understand I ? ' we will give you a ride , come on up ! ~ cel . 115 without think twice , joshua climb up happily . scene 77 the country side — ext . , day . Broad field , all in blossom , slope down sweetly toward the heavily trodden dirt road at the foot of the hill . the camp survivor be walk toward the road , follow other who be walk in the distance . they be scattered , a odd group , walk unsteadily , too exhaust to celebrate . american Army officer and enlist man in vehicle — motorcycle , jeep — make they way through the prisoner crowd the road . the view from the tower of the tank , move along slowly , be panoramic . next to the tank 's tower , alongside the american soldier , be joshua , all excited , enthralled . he be put a last piece of chocolate into he mouth . the tank pass by the prisoner , many of whom stop now and then to sit in the grass by the roadside and catch they breath , suddenly , the little boy turn : the tank have just pass someone he know . joshua ( yell ) mommy ! '' the tank stop . the child jump down and race back up the bill as fast as he can . joshua ( yell ) mommy ! runaing . he throw himself at he mother , who be sit on the grass near a cherry tree . she fall backward , joshua on top of she , kissing she . dora joshua ! voice over ( adult joshua ) this be my story . this be the sacrifice my father make . this be he gift to I . she look and look at he , paralyze by joy . | joshua we win ! dora yes , we win ! joshua a thousand point ! could not you just die laugh ? we come in first ! we get to take the tank home ! we win ! ~ co git , she igcalina he ap idh-hes -enee : she lift he up in she arm . and he laugh . the end 116