light sleeper written by Paul schrader shoot draft 1992 JOHN letour , forty , light sleeper . never mean to be a drug dealer , it just come along . he 's be other thing : messenger boy , cab driver , model , postal clerk , doorman , nightclub shill -- never mean to be they either . now he 's a D.D. drug dealer . JOHN letour , well - groom , khaki slack , leather jacket , tippet - like scarf , belt pouch , " Beatle " boot , a shadow drift in and out of other shadow , New York , day , night : watch , listen , rarely speak -- nonexistent , see only by that he see . his face a affable blank . make of it what you will . the eye flicker ; the hand shift discreetly . a map of calculation . once he have a drug problem . life turn a page . today he follow instruction : he sleep light -- one eye open , anticipate . JOHN letour , D.D. , loner , voyeur , have be drift toward a unknown destination . at mid-life the destination draw near . the circle tighten . the dealer be anxious . the destination be love . night in the life credit sequence : New York by night . JOHN letour nestle in back of a blue car service sedan , face reflect in the window . neon mix with steam , street people with tourist , young date : each with a different agenda , a hide purpose . his beeper go off . he click it , check the digital message . the driver stop at a uptown corner . letour open the curbside door , motion to the driver he will be back in " ten " minute . he enter the video laundromat , a twenty - four-hour video rental / laundromat / tanning salon . Inside , he meet a retro - yuppie ( J. Crew division ) in the " classics " section . they exit . on the sidewalk , money be exchange for a packet . letour pocket the uncounted cash . the yuppie mouth goodbye , eager to put distance between he and letour . JOHN check he beeper , stop at a pay phone , dial . JOHN letour re-enter the sedan ; the driver head downtown . High -rise give way to tudor City . uncollect trash line the curb . letour eye a pedestrian ; pedestrian look back . later . Three a.m . the street be dark . letour 's car pass a glow Korean market . letour narrate from diary : letour ( voice over ) Labor Day weekend . some time for a sanitation strike . everybody crazy to stock up . they decide to score at the last minute and want it now . never fail . the face look alike . you gotta use memory trick : each have some peculiarity -- it keep you sharp . a D.D. tell I when a drug dealer start write a diary it 's time to quit . I start write after that . not every night -- now and then . just to burn off the night . fill up one book , throw it out , start another . the sedan drive on . end credit . CUT to : homebase four a.m. : street empty . letour 's sedan drop he off near a ten-story West 80s apartment building . JOHN give the driver a forty - dollar tip ( standard procedure ) , turn the corner . he press the intercom ; a buzzer unlock the door . he enter the lobby , walk past English reproduction furniture toward the elevator . press the button . penthouse C door open . ann let JOHN in with a smile . ann , forty - four , strike in a tailore dress , greet he with a wet kiss . her hair be coiffure , she face make up . she be John 's employer , mentor , confidante , mother hen : she keep the book . her ingenuous demeanor bely sterner stuff : she 's be in the drug business fifteen year . Ann 's apartment be a jumble of sensibility : dark green wall , zebra-skin sofa , haitian wall frieze , frame magazine photo of paramahansa yogananda , Liz Taylor , the Duke of Windsor -- painting stack behind a oversize urn . a bird flit in its cage . one corner of the live area be devote to a fledgle cosmetics business : macintosh computer , billboard of trade paper clipping and ad , herbal sample , reference book , color chart . ROBERT , fifty , slight , wave hello as JOHN lock the door . Gay , hip , wear , he 's John 's " co-runner . " they work -- and eat -- out of Ann 's apartment . take - out tin of indian food be stack amid crystal , tarot card , glass , and vitamin bottle . no sign of drug , drug paraphernalia , or money . ann darling . letour ann. ann have we make New York safe for another weekend ? letour ( wave ) Robert . ROBERT get a job . letour ( about ROBERT ) sad what ten year without sex can do . repartee : the plumbing of family feel . JOHN unzip he belt pouch , walk toward the bedroom to deposit the night 's earning . ann any hundred ? letour twenties -- and ten . ROBERT ten ! ann goddamn cash machine . ROBERT do what 's - he - name give you a hard time ? letour ( out of shot ) you mean --? ROBERT yeah . letour Cash before Delivery . ( re-emerges ) CBD . ROBERT Fucking investment banker . ann this Wall Street kid deal with fake money all day , they think cash be a theoretical concept -- like it do not apply . I see them at two , shudder to think at nine they be buy and sell -- turn I off the stock market . letour it 's late . ( to ROBERT ) you stay ? ROBERT it 's over . letour I be gonna crash -- try , at least . ann ( to letour ) tomorrow will be easier . maybe we can all eat together . go on . you look tired . here , take a couple of C 's . I will pick up anything that come in . letour turn to leave . ann sleep tight . ROBERT pick up the trash . letour ( laugh ) yeah -- big kiss . he throw two kiss , exit . CUT to : john' apartment first light reflect across the Hudson as letour walk west on 22nd Street toward he chelsea apartment building . a delivery truck pass uncollect garbage . he enter a nondescript doorway . Inside he studio apartment , JOHN sit at a second -hand table write in a composition book . he drink from a eight - ounce glass of white wine , continue . the room have little personality ; Ann 's apartment have enough for two . Nails indicate where picture once hang ; a boombox sit on the linoleum floor amid cassettes , book ( Autobiography of a Yogi , the secret doctrine ) , fashion magazine , a stack of unopen CD . a futon be unroll beneath the room 's sole decoration , a poster of a human foot advertising a forget photo exhibit . wine bottle -- chenin blanc . precious little to show for forty year . letour 's narration resume as he write : letour ( voice over ) " Labor Day . " " Union Movement " -- there 's a contradiction in term . I know about long hour . it 's worse when I be off -- I just walk and walk . where be I go ? there 's a element of providence to it all . like roll number . luck . you be walk down the street , some guy that look maybe a little like you do a stick - up four hour ago , there 's a apb description out and a cop pull you in cause he 's cold and want to go inside -- they grab you stash . you number 's up . you be bust for nothing . for bad luck . CUT to : jealous five p.m . a Clinton transient hotel . Inside hotel room , letour meet with jealous , a twenty - five - year - old drug intermediary in leather jacket . JOHN count hundred - dollar bill , hand they to jealous . jealous be they " face " ? letour do not bore I . jealous rearrange the hundred : jealous be it so much work to face they the same direction ? you do not do it , I get to . it 's time -- my time -- letour ( overlap ) jee -- jealous we have be through all this . ( letour shrug ) this nineteen - gram shit be a drag . letour we pay you more , you put up with more . White drug for white people . twice the price , twice the safety . jealous I can not believe Ann 's be work as long as she have -- never bust . she 's something . letour never make any big money either . jealous sure . letour she blow it . jealous you believe that ? what you gonna do after she quit ? how long you be with she ? letour she always say that . we will see , jealous . jealous she 's out . you should pick up she trade . you be too old to be a go - fer . they know you , they trust you . letour no way . I be not the management type . I get in charge , I will start use again -- not for I . I know music people . I be gonna get in recording . jealous yeah . letour reach for the door . jealous Tour . letour what ? jealous normally this would not matter to you , but you may get hassle . letour why ? jealous you read the papers ? the Park murder . all over the Post . mariah rangel -- nineteen - year-old barnard co-e bitch dead in turtle Pond coke to the fuck gill . all of a sudden they be hot after mid-level dealer . they be buzzin ' . you know she ? letour ( shrug ) I look like a encyclopedia ? who know ? ( open door ) thanks for the warning . CUT to : the night begins Ann 's apartment . eight p.m . she open the door for letour , kiss he , go back to the phone . mantra muzak play as JOHN lock door , head toward bedroom . Inside bedroom , MTV glow silently as ROBERT , wear a black turtleneck , work at a desk amid tool of the trade : digital scale , " hot box , " deering grinder , block of manite , pure cocaine , pill , feel pen . ROBERT scissors glossy magazine paper ( elle ) into neat quarter , fold each into gram-size " bindel " -- envelope . Red satin drape the ceiling . ROBERT Jack . JOHN kiss he atop the head . ROBERT you pick up from jealous ? letour ( pass bag ) yeah , nineteen gram after four time last night . we be certainly not he favorite people . ROBERT we do not make the law . nineteen be carry , twenty be deal . let he be stupid . letour he take my hundred . ROBERT ( stand ) take over for a while . I be get contact high . letour ( sit ) who 's her majesty talk to ? ROBERT flip through cable channel as JOHN grind cocaine . ROBERT the ecstasy connection . from Arizona . she 's try to get they to come here -- or , better , Europe . letour that 's where the money be . ROBERT all mark - up -- the " Big one . " letour ( laugh ) do not dress . ( beat ) you really think she mean it ? ROBERT that 's what she say . New Year 's Eve and out -- no acid House , no product , no delivery . letour that 's just she mouth talk . ROBERT next year -- strictly akasha . letour " akasha " ? ROBERT cosmetics . that 's what Ann 's call the company now -- letour ( interject ) -- this week . I do not get it -- marigold , violet , sage -- why would anyone pay to put weed on they face ? ROBERT why would anyone pay to put they up they nose ? I like cosmetics . I need cosmetics . you should come in with we . letour you forget : she have not ask I . ann hang up , call : ann ( out of shot ) johnny ! Robert ! come here ! they return to the live area . ann ( open arm ) Plant I two kiss , boy , fifteen hundred ex at thirty each and the delivery 's here . they simultaneously kiss she cheek . ann ( to letour ) whatja think ? letour of what ? ann the face cream . almond , marigold , chamomile , egg , aloe -- the " almilk " formula . I remix it . letour ( smell she ) very nice . ann remind I , if you get downtown stop at enhancement and pick up some almond oil -- not the California . ( fish menus from desk ) what should we order ? letour how about indian ? ann darling , it 's Saturday . ROBERT thai . we have not have thai in a while . the phone ring . Ann 's voice repeat a record message : ann' voice " hello . this be Ann . if you leave a message , we will get back to you -- sooner than you think . " answer machine beep . man' voice speak from the tiny speaker : " Ann , this be ed. call I . 749-2876 . " ann ( to ROBERT ) answer that . he will call back every five minute . ROBERT ( walk ) the night begin . the phone ring again : another message as ann examine the menu . ann " ped srilom " ? -- it 's northeastern . duck . letour ( glance ) I be go veggie . get I the " puk ob . " ROBERT ( out of shot from phone ) I too . letour use it for facial cream . ROBERT ( out of shot ) remove unsightly hair ! ann laugh , one day you will be watch I on " Oprah " from a welfare hotel . letour forgive we . ROBERT ( return ) Eddie want now . now . his place . top Lady . God know what happen to he shit yesterday . ann ( to letour ) you take it -- call in . letour it be suppose to be light tonight . ROBERT do not you watch tv ? letour do not have one . ROBERT well if you be the normal stupid fuck you should be so lucky to be and have one , you would know it 's suppose to rain -- ann good for the tree -- ROBERT some farmer whacked he numerology on we . ann ( peer through curtain ) it 's start . ROBERT the Farmer 's Almanac be base on numerology . letour raining ? ann take a coat . ( to ROBERT ) and you , clean up the product before the food delivery come . JOHN grab he belt pouch , head for the closet . CUT to : confessor letour rain fall on letour 's car near a East side luxury high - rise . the door open to Eddie 's apartment : severe decor , once chic , now date . eddie , thirty - two , be a mess : puffy face , sweaty shirt , pinch lip -- on a drug jag . eddie Le Tour ! -- finally . what take so long ? letour ( step inside ) traffic . it 's raining . eddie how 's thing ? letour okay . eddie I need a quarter -- you get it ? letour ( nod ) Robert say he sell you a quarter yesterday . eddie ( slur ) some friend come over . how much be that ? fourteen-hundred ? letour nod as eddie , employ diminish skill , count from a roll of twenty . JOHN look around : full ashtray , porn tape , empty vodka bottle -- there have be no " friend . " letour Eddie . look at yourself . sit down . I have know you , what , like eight year ? eddie ( count ) yeah ... letour knew you from the other job , the one before the last one you fuck up . I know you wife -- remember she ? we use to sit and talk and talk -- pressure eddie into chair . eddie ( whining ) you do not know what she be like -- letour this be no good . I will sell you a gram and some downs , but I be not gonna put you in the emergency room . cool it . go to bed . sleep it off . John 's beeper go off . eddie ( stand ) you charge $ 200 for what go for ninety on the street -- and you be not gonna sell ? letour ( click beeper ) so go to the street . eddie I will call Ann . letour go ahead . you know what she will say . phone 's over there . eddie ( irrational ) I will tell the fuck cop . letour ( flash cold ) fuck you . that 's it . you be out . ( turn to leave ) do not call again . catch you next lifetime . eddie ( contrite ) please , Tour , I be sorry . you be right . I do not mean that . I be quit anyway . I will take the gram . sorry . letour ( turn back ) okay . eddie two hundred ? letour nod . eddie count $ 200 as letour take a gram from he pouch , give it to he . letour you get downs ? ( eddie nod ) one more thing . I gotta use the phone . eddie pocket the envelope as JOHN , check he beeper , walk to the phone . later . letour sit in a Upper West side apartment as a earnest mid - twentiesh man , wear undershort , snort a hefty line , offer a roll dollar bill as he talk . letour decline . mid - twentiesh man ( continue ) ... but -- if there 's no God , how can man conceive of he ? the idea of God presuppose the existence of God . that 's the ontological argument . anselm . twelve hundred . fourteen hundred -- I be not sure -- letour ( check he watch ) I have get to go . mid - twentiesh man ( gesture ) let I finish . okay , if the idea of God be implant by God -- the sensus divinitatus , the sense of the divine -- what be the role of human think ? not faith , think ... letour 's mind drift . his diary voice overlap : letour ( Voice over ) everybody want to talk . it 's like a compulsion . my philosophy be : you get nothing to say , do not say it . they figure you can tell a D.D. anything , thing they would never tell anyone else . he understand . of course they be stone to start . if I could tie together all the hour of coke talk I have hear , that would be a lot of string . it be Robert 's idea to add twenty - five dollar to home delivery cause it 's such a hassle . fifty be more like it . later . narration continue as sedan drive through rain . later . a tribeca loft . letour swap drug jargon with two n.y.u. student at a impromptu party . attractive ingenue drift by . trendy twosome , blast , sway , to techno-rap . Business do , letour turn to leave . the first student grab he shoulder : first student c'mon , Tour , stick around . second student yeah . first student there 's only four of we and like seven of they -- and we be pay for the dope . see she , over there , the blonde , long hair , yellow skirt ? -- she 's gonna model for Elite . downtown nymph , sixteen go on seventeen . letour ( smile ) me? I be a old man . she would break I like a old horse . second student shit , dude -- letour Nah . thanks anyway . ( check watch ) I gotta go . have fun . ( head toward exit ) CUT to : face from the past letour 's sedan head down lexington Avenue . it rain unabate . puddle glisten ; red taillight refract on the windshield . JOHN rest in back , a bag from enhancement beside he . pedestrian , well - dress and casual , desperately wave for taxi amid sack of garbage . no use : nothing for block . John 's sedan stop for a midtown light . letour look out the window , see a woman vainly hail a cab . he look again . she turn she head . he recognize she . letour ( to driver ) carlos . wait a second . he lean over , open the far door , call : letour Marianne ! Marianne ! hop in ! I will give you a ride . marianne jost , thirty - five , stylish in short black hair and long black coat , step closer , look through the rain . letour John . John letour . marianne ( recognize he ) John ? letour get in . you be get soak . she duck inside , slam the door . marianne ( awkward ) hi ... the car move on . letour where be you go ? marianne wipe rain from she cheek ; she expression deepen : cautious , suspicious . no reply . letour I do not know you still live here . marianne ( second thought ) maybe this be not such a good idea . I should get out . letour do not be crazy . it 's pour . marianne I be not suppose to be around -- letour ( complete sentence ) -- former drug associate . marianne it 's four year I be clean . no alcohol , no cigarettes , no nothing . letour I hear . I be happy for you . marianne it 's still not easy . letour I know . Mar , you do not need to avoid I . I be straight -- two year . it come that time . I try to tell you . I write . I call . marianne ( look around ) I should get out . letour honest . marianne but you be deal . letour no. I stop . marianne what 's in the bag ? letour almond oil . you can check . ( open bag ) look . she do : enhancement almond oil . John 's beeper go off ! -- he punch it . letour shit . marianne what 's that for ? in case someone need almond oil in the middle of the night ? letour I still deal a little , but I be straight -- that part 's true . believe I . marianne ( to driver ) stop here . now. stop ! letour I will not say anything . I promise . I will just sit here . I will just give you a ride . the car pull over . marianne open the door , get out . marianne Goodbye , John . letour where do you live ? ( door slam ) mari ... she fade into the rain . JOHN watch , aching . driver Sir ? letour eighty -third Street . the sedan continue uptown . CUT to : memories John 's apartment . pre-dawn . his diary lie open on the desk . letour sit clothed on the futon , drink white wine . he page through a cheap , half - fill photo album . he touch snapshot , 3 ×5 's from another time : -- JOHN and marianne , arm in arm , on a Florida beach -- marianne , surprised by the camera , snort coke at a party -- JOHN , marianne , and ann pose , smile , same party -- JOHN and marianne kissing over birthday cake , same party -- marianne in morocco bazaar -- JOHN blow a kiss in fez airport CUT to : psychic healing letour 's narration continue over emboss card on a entry table : Teresa aronow , psychic reading , 37 Jones Street , New York , n.y. 10012 , ( 212)473-4297 . voice under narration : teresa ( out of shot ) coffee ? letour ( out of shot ) thanks . teresa ( out of shot ) Black ? letour ( out of shot ) yeah . teresa ( out of shot ) here . JOHN accept a coffee mug , sit on a sofa across from teresa . sunlight fall through crochete curtain . teresa aronow , fortyish , professionally young , be compact , demure ; she wear business jacket and skirt , pattern blouse . nothing about she be remotely paranormal -- nothing except , of course , she " aura . " the " other side . " her voice be at the same time soothing , pierce . Teresa 's West Village consultation room be startlingly mundane : a bourgeois walk - up . upholster furniture , Tiffany objut d'art , frame photo of she husband and child -- a trip to capri . a twenty portrait of Madame blavatsky , above the fireplace , center the room . letour I be not sure how this work . teresa have you ever be to a psychic before ? letour no , but I have , well , I have hear about it . teresa do you need advice ? John ? letour ( nod ) no ... it 's not that ... I do not know -- I just decide to come . I think ... teresa be comfortable . ( smile ) how do you hear about I ? letour a recommendation . somebody from work . two hundred dollar , right ? teresa nod . JOHN tuck cash into a envelope , place it on the coffee table . teresa it 's a lot of money ? letour I do not care . teresa ( explain ) I look at you . I give you my impression . I feel you " vibration " -- I do not like that word , it sound phony , but I can not think of anything better . ( watch ) you be anxious . ( he shrug ) more than usual . you aura be very strong . I feel a very strong vibration from you . a change be come . you be worried about money . you say you do not care about money but that 's not true . letour yeah . teresa you livelihood be endangered . you be worried about the future . you do not have much money save . what will you do ? letour I do not know . teresa I see a woman who have betrayed you . letour ( smile ) my mother ? teresa ( cut he short ) who will betray you . letour not ... I ... teresa keep it in mind . I have a strong feel about this woman , a woman close to you , she will betray you . you be in the entertainment business , be not you ? letour yes . teresa but you be not happy . you want to do something else . be it music ? letour yes ... teresa you have a talent for music . letour as a child . teresa you still have it . it 's strong . I see music in you future . a career opportunity will come in the music field . take it . it will not seem promise . take it anyway . ( pause ) you be full of stress . be you exercise ? letour no. I -- teresa you should exercise more . you must let go of this stress . it 's not good for you health . I be not say you be go over to the other side , but it 's not good for you . you be still drink , be not you ? you have a drink problem ? ( he shrug ) it 's interfere with you health and you life too . you have have other problem . drug addiction . letour yes . teresa this be very important in you life . letour yes . teresa you be in the balance . everything you do -- positive or negative -- in this life be a drop that will carry over in the next . every act , every decision matter . letour Teresa ? teresa what be it ? letour I be thirty - eight year old . ( beat ) forty . teresa you be young . letour I have trouble sleep . ( teresa wait ) look . what do you see around I ? be there anything ? be it dark ? have I run out of luck ? be there luck ? teresa I see a glow . everything you need be around you . the only danger be inside you . CUT to : money changer Ann 's apartment . the night have already begin . ann sit on the floor beside a young hasid count money . he wear Orthodox garb : black hat , black coat , peya . tibetan bell reverb from speaker as the bergmanesque cambist run face twenty - dollar bill through a battery - operate count machine , place stack of cash on the floor . ROBERT return a call from the kitchen ; letour emerge from the bathroom , wiping he hand . ann ( to letour and ROBERT ) you pay 's on the table . JOHN walk to the cosmetics corner , find a envelope with he name on it , look inside : $ 500 in twenty . he pocket the money . letour sit as hasid double - check the total : cash cover the available floor space . young hasid ( dialogue punctuate action ) one hundred thirty - one , let 's make it 130 - $ 13,000 , hundred for small bill . one percent commission , $ 130 to you -- add ten or whatever if you want . open a satchel , he remove bound $ 100s , count off 130 as ann add up commission in small bill . he load the satchel : young hasid same time ? ann ( nod ) two week -- do not run . stay a while . we will order kosher . we will tell you dirty storey . we will talk Zionism . the hasid laugh . he like she . young hasid ( pass hundred ) I be late already . I only come ' cause I like you . sure you be not jewish ? I do not want to see you hurt . find a man . you should do something else . ann ( offer commission ) invest in my cosmetics line . young hasid ( take money ) do not mix business with friendship . ann follow he to the door . young hasid shalom . ann shalom . ( open door ) see you next week . ( call after he ) do not eat any hot dog ! ann close door . letour jealous say something about a yuppie murder in the Park . you know anything about it ? ann it 's all over the news . letour jealous say to be careful . ann we be careful . ROBERT ( return ) we be too small time . besides , she be not one of ours -- not directly . ( to letour ) tis be at St. luke 's . he want somebody over right away . second floor wait room . letour a hospital ? what 's he do there ? ROBERT he say he need you to come to St. luke 's . I would go but I get the other thing . letour the --? ROBERT yeah . ann ( to letour ) go. keep on he good side . he set up Arizona . phone ring ; Ann 's machine answer : " hello , this be Ann ... " ann ( to letour ) let 's have lunch . tomorrow . letour I ? ann one o'clock . côte basque . be that too early ? letour no. yeah -- sure . ROBERT tonight ? letour I vote japanese . ann Fine . ROBERT okay . letour ( head for door ) mix sushi . oshitashi . CUT to : ST . luke be ems vehicle line street outside St. luke 's -- Roosevelt Hospital . Inside , letour weave through emergency ( eerie ) , double -step the stair , look for the second floor wait area . TIS ( mathis -- pronounce tees ) , thirty - five , swiss , pace in the wait room . he wear a linen jacket , horn -rim glass , cerrutti euro-swank . he spot JOHN , take he aside : letour what 's go on ? TIS you get some valium ? letour ( nod ) -- and ' lude . TIS just a valium -- a ten . letour what be it ? TIS you will not believe it . what a nightmare . I bring in this chick . she o.d.ed -- man , I do not even know she . I do not have to bring she in . the cop be come back to talk to I . I be hyper . I gotta come down . letour ( hand he valium ) here . TIS make it two . letour oblige . TIS pop a blue without water , pocket the other . TIS thanks . letour she okay ? TIS who ? letour the girl . TIS yeah , yeah . met she last night . a walk vacuum cleaner . what a nightmare . underage . letour you need a lawyer ? TIS ( gesture toward suite man ) he 's here . thanks . TIS fold a bill into John 's hand . letour any time . TIS turn , step away . letour walk down the long corridor . curious , reflective , he slow past open door . Friends , family , patient sit in blue light . each room a drama . he head down a duplicate corridor . a voice turn he head : randi John ! he turn to see randi jost , thirty , Marianne 's young sister . she wear run shoe , jeans , red sweater . letour randi ? randi ( kiss he ) I can not believe it . Marianne 's here too . she fly in . it 's be so long . you look great . letour ( deactivate beeper ) you too . randi , what 's wrong ? why be you here ? randi Mom . she 's back in . do not Marianne tell you ? letour serious ? randi ( nod ) more chemo . letour can I see she ? randi she 's sleep . she sleep most of the time . she would like it , though . she still talk about you . letour ( sad ) I be so sorry . she 's a terrific woman . I be crazy about she . God . marianne , head down , approach . look up , she find herself unexpectedly beside JOHN and randi : randi it 's John . what a coincidence . marianne ( gather herself ) yes. ( extend hand ) hi. letour ( shake hand ) randi tell I about you mom . I be sorry . marianne thanks . letour she 's sedate ? marianne yeah . randi she would be so happy to see John . marianne I do not think that would be a good idea . a awkward silence : randi do not get it . letour you both look so tired . marianne one of we have to be here . randi the hospital let we stay in she room . letour let I buy you some coffee or something -- the cafeteria 's downstairs . it help to talk . randi you go , Marianne , it 's my turn with mom . marianne I should not . randi go . you have not eat . go on. ( nudge she ) go on . marianne I ... randi bring I a coffee . marianne acquiesce . letour this way . ( to randi ) kiss you mother for I . JOHN escort marianne toward the stair . CUT to : euphoric recall Hospital cafeteria . JOHN and marianne carry trays to a formica table , mold chair . he mix sugar in he coffee as she set out she salad , diet soda , to - go coffee . a awkward moment . marianne scan the fluorescent room : doctor , nurse , relative . letour I like you mom . marianne she like you . you know this will happen someday , but when it do ... you mother -- that be a shock . letour ( be : Marianne 's mother ) she 's be sick a while ? marianne a year . letour you father ? marianne ( " no " ) not this time . his new wife -- he will make it to the funeral . letour what have you be do ? where do you live ? marianne it 's ... ( decide ) I do not want you to know about my life . letour anything ? you marry ? have child ? a dog ? ( smile ) House plant ? marianne detail just open the door . letour the door to what ? ( no answer ) it 's not like we be stranger . we be marry . marianne we be not . letour there be a ceremony . marianne he be not even a minister . he be a astrologer . letour he be also a minister . " universal harmony . " marianne he be a Pisces . letour you be a Pisces . marianne it be not legal . letour in the eye of Jeanne dixon we be still -- marianne I be on the cusp . letour we be happy . marianne we be miserable . we be either scoring or come down -- mostly come down . letour there be good time . Area , out on the street , laugh , dance with friend -- we be magical . marianne you take off for three month without tell I and call once . that 's how magical we be . you be a encyclopedia of suicidal fantasy -- I hear they all . nobody could clear a room like you , John . and the friend , you may have notice , turn out to be mine , not yours . I envy you . a convenient memory be a gift from God . letour you exaggerate . marianne in rehab they call this " euphoric recall . " you only remember the high , never the low . letour we be happy . marianne I be drown . letour it be not I -- marianne you watch -- letour you jump -- marianne you do nothing -- " it be not you business , you be not responsible " -- you still think like that . ( shake head ) action have consequence ; so do -- letour ( overlap ) I -- marianne -- inaction . letour I do not -- ( marianne smile ) I mean well . marianne you always mean well . letour we be in love ? marianne yes . letour we be happy ? she do not answer . he slide he hand across the table . she notice he gold and onyx ring . letour you buy it for I . it 's inscribe inside . she push he hand away . detail open door . letour Ann 's quit . I have get to find something else to do . marianne Ann ? I will believe it when I see it . letour it 's true . marianne be you really straight ? letour yeah . marianne let I see you eye . JOHN lean forward , eye open . she press up a eyelid , examine one iris , the other : marianne eye be deceive . ( beat ) congratulation . letour if I could do that , I could do anything . marianne what do you mean ? letour we could do anything . we could start over . marianne ( bang she head ) what be that ? I think I hear something . letour I be serious . a intercom voice announce visit hour will end in five minute . marianne you be crazy . letour ( gesture to room ) this be crazy . marianne I have to get back . JOHN nod , check he watch -- he 's late too . they exchange " last look " ; marianne stand . letour I will walk you . he stand , follow . CUT to : new diary later . letour 's sedan pull up near palio , a midtown restaurant . JOHN step around garbage bag , enter . Inside , JOHN " map " bar , greet the maître D '. letour spot the french ( lacroix and Montana ) couple in the dining section , catch the man' eye . he nod to the maître D ' , make he way toward they table . he join the french couple , decline a drink , exchange drug / money amid air kiss . late night . fog hang over 22nd Street : chelsea 's desert . homeless man behind windbreak of trash . John 's apartment . he write bareback at the desk . he complete he composition book diary mid-sentence , close it , discard it . he lift a new book from the floor , open it on the desk , continue . he fill he glass with wine : letour ( voice over ) I can always find another way to make a live . I never plan this in the first place -- not like Ann . she come up to sell , have party , make contact . she be so glamorous . I just want to be around she . she would sit up listen to coke storey . now it 's I and Robert . the whole crowd be the same age . everybody 's young now . she make I . letour pull he weekly pay from he pants , put five twenty in a envelope . he address the envelope . " Linda wichel , 1012b -2 a Street , Sacramento , California , " stamp it . dissolves : ( 1 ) letour vanish from he desk , ( 2 ) materialize fetally on he futon , bareback , slack , boot , anxious , await sleep . letour 's diary contain parallel column of name : one head " people who be Left handed , " the other , " people whose eye do not Match . " CUT to : côte basque midday . JOHN , wear a black tweed jacket , tie , khaki slack , mail the Sacramento letter , enter côte basque , a hoity - toity 55th Street restaurant . midmeal . ann and letour sit in a prominent booth ; power mogul confer quietly . a deferential waiter bring fresh berry , retrieve empty salmon plate . ann you have any money save ? letour there 's some . not much . a thousand or two . maybe more -- I be not sure . ann what do you do with you money ? the chef stop by , ask if the meal be satisfactory . ann assure he it be , kiss he hand . the chef nod , gratify . JOHN resume the conversation : letour I do not know . it 's not that much in the first place -- as you know . ann ( counterpoint ) it 's tax free -- letour Rent , utility , phone , tip , CD -- what about you money ? ann Kitty Ford once tell I , " Ann , the only person I know that life as well as you be my grandmother . " all the money I have make , all the money I have spend -- it never add up . this last two year cosmetics ' be take everything . letour I wish I could help . ann you still go to meeting ? letour no , but I be okay . what be the odd of meeting someone you have not see in year twice in two day ? ann ask Robert to make up a chart for you ; the other person -- who be it ? letour just a contact -- you do not know he . ann what 's the plan ? letour the plan ? ann what you gonna do ? letour my future ? ann too conceptual ? letour we have this conversation two year ago . we will have it two year from now . ann this time it 's for real . letour ( accept premise ) I be think of some music course . mixing , sound editing -- ann you take that before . letour that be act . ann ( correct he ) model . letour why all this concern ? suddenly you care ? ann I have feeling too -- you may have notice . I guess I be worried . I be tough , you gotta to be tough , especially in this business , it 's one thing to act tough -- I have see Zipporah twice this week . letour she help you ? ann ( nod ) -- harmonize , she 's encourage I to get out of this into the cosmetics thing -- waiter lean in , deposit check as well - tanned customer , fifty - five , cologne and hauteur , pass . he look at ann blankly , continue . she watch : ann ( about customer ) nomination for best picture . I know every girl he fuck -- how , why . I know when he have trouble shitting . like this . ( cross finger ) his wife say he get straight or she cut he off . Old money . I remember the last thing he say to I : " see you soon . " yeah , sure . that be five year ago . ann pull a wad of twenty from she purse , count bill atop the check : $ 260 . ann ( vulnerable ) you will still talk to I , will not you ? a beat : this be the reason for lunch . the waiter pick up the cash , appraise the gratuity . letour you --? ( to ann ) of course I will . ann it will be strange without you around . I have not think of it -- it hit I . letour ( clever ) we will always have Paris . ann ( reproachful ) John . JOHN reach , touch she visceral emotion . he take she hand : letour Ann , you want I , call , write a letter , tell a wino -- I will be there . she smile , clasp he hand . touch , he be touch . CUT to : general hospital afternoon . St. luke 's . letour , wear tweed jacket , walk down the corridor , check room number . a nurse pass . he stop at a room , push the door a crack , peek inside , quietly enter . Inside the hospital room , mrs . jost , sixty -five , lie sedate , attach to iv tube and a respirator . Flowers wreathe the bed . randi sleep in a chair by the window . letour look from mrs . jost to randi and back again : a vibrant woman reduce to a shell . he soundlessly ease into a vacant chair . his mind go back . randi twist fitfully in she chair . a stuff bear peek over family photo on the window sill . marianne step into the doorway , stop , freeze -- watch the tableau : JOHN , randi , she mother . her face be ravage : the death watch have take its toll . letour reach he arm , touch the hospital bed . marianne tiptoe behind JOHN . he turn , stand . letour ( soft ) I be sorry . I ... she put she finger to she lip . he nod . she step closer , hold he politely . his cheek nestle in she neck . they turn toward the door , step into the corridor , walk arm in arm as if support each other . letour ( after a moment ) I always think my father would die first . he would die , then my mother and I would reconcile . just she and I . I hate he for live . marianne it 's like a joke . it 's not a real feel . it 's like a feel of a feel . letour my old man bawling in the hospital , I pop in and out of the john get load . ( beat ) I miss you . they stop . she kiss he . marianne you try to kill I . you take ten year of my life one way or another . ( he kiss she ) I could not hate my mom -- I be too busy hat you . letour I think I be just kill myself . she run she hand under he shirt , up he back . letour selfish . marianne I remember . letour what ? marianne what it feel like . ( kiss he face ) what this taste like . he slip he hand under she blouse , caress she breast . letour I see you and my heart start thumping . marianne John . they kiss deeper , body grind . the painful present fade . a nurse approach with wheelchair patient . she try to pass one side of JOHN and marianne , try the other side , be block again . the nurse stop , stare at they soap opera . sense she glare , JOHN and marianne , hand over and under each other , stop , look to the nurse : embarrassed -- yet blissful . letour Excuse we . ( to marianne ) let 's go . marianne come . come with I . CUT to : HOTEL sex paramount hotel room : vermeer 's lace Maker dominate phillipe Stark decor . letour and marianne be all over each other . the pain of the moment , the pain of the past be subsume by passion . blind , welcome sexuality . nake , they kneel face each other on the bed , fade bleed heart tattoo on he bicep : letour have you ever have sex totally straight ? marianne not with you . letour neither have I . marianne such a erection . letour never have anything like it stone . feel it . ( she do ) marianne weird . letour ( caress erection ) wow . marianne I be drip . letour let 's disappear . they smack they sweaty body , tumble yelping to the carpet , kiss indiscriminately : letour kiss , kiss , kiss . marianne kiss , kiss , kiss . letour together . later : night . they lie nude in a scramble of twisted sheet and mattress . Street light cast horizontal shadow . letour crawl over , fall upon Marianne 's breast . she wake up , look at JOHN , look out the window , return to slow sad reality . marianne stand , pull on she panty . letour ( waking ) you need to go back ? she dress before respond : marianne this be the end . it be wonderful . I be glad it happen this way . it will never happen again . you will not see I , you will not call I again . I be happy for you . I wish you the best . I be leave . I be go back to the hospital . I should not have leave -- but I do not regret it . please dress and leave as soon as possible . I have a key . Goodbye . letour Marianne ... marianne it 's my fault . marianne , clothes askew , exit . letour I love you . letour be alone . he pull he pants on . look for he sock , he peruse Marianne 's personal thing . he examine she cosmetics , she underclothes . he dab she perfume on he cheek . buttone he shirt , he retrieve he beeper from suit jacket . activate , it disgorge message . he check he watch : 9:00 p.m . CUT to : get on out nine -thirty : Ann 's apartment building . trash stack high . letour press the buzzer . letour , exhaust , unfocus , enter Ann 's apartment . ann be immediately upon he : ann johnny , what be this ? you beeper break , gettin ' some shiatsu ? two hour : where have you bee ? letour there be a mix - up -- ann how you gonna survive on you own ? the U.N. 's get some conference in two day . the holiday 's over -- ragheads everywhere try to score . U.N. security at every hotel -- little creep with lapel pin . even I have be out . this be where we money be : Europe , Asia , not the street -- you would not know crack from crackerjack . letour where 's Robert ? ann bust he ass . he 's out do you job . letour it be a confusion . ann get confuse on you day off . letour when be that ? ann do not get wise . what do you want I to do ? suck you dick ? -- okay . a raise ? no way . get out there . there 's a list on the tv . I love you . get you ass outta here before I kiss it . letour ( peck she cheek ) I be on my way . Love you . forgive I . CUT to : au bar letour 's sedan wait between limo . Inside , JOHN pass the maître D ' , look around : he 's know here . au bar , a restaurant / club open 9:00 P. marry to 4:00 a. marry , cater to the young , the rich , the european . he spot TIS with thomas , twenty - five , he handsome trainer , and two model at a second - floor table . they exchange nod . letour scan the room : suspicion be second nature . a laugh man ( guidone ) at the bar catch he eye . he seem to blend : italian , twenty - eight , silk suit , impeccable hair , accent -- but something 's not right . his black shoe have rubber sole . letour look for a gun bulge , dirty hand . the italian turn ; letour glimpsis he face : too pale . the italian avert he eye . glancing back , letour walk up the stair to tis ' table . TIS Tour , sit . take a rest . letour , this be gabri , tasha -- you know Thomas . they be here for a show . the model respond in respective accent . thomas extend he hand . JOHN shake , remain stand . letour enchanté. ( to TIS ) how would it turn out ? TIS ( to gabri ) questo ` un vero americano . ( to letour ) what ? gabri and tasha buzz . letour St. luke 's . TIS no problem , but -- can you believe this ? -- she 's out of the hospital in one day , call I up , want to " get together . " some people be just bear for lose . want to go in back ? letour not now . TIS huh ? letour look at the bar . Black -haire guy , late twenty , brown suit , drink tonic ? ( TIS nod ) he 's case you . not I , you . undercover , whatever -- he 's on you . TIS you know he ? letour ( shake head " no " ) just a feel . you hold ? TIS no. need help ? letour ( " no " ) leave a message . Robert or I will come by later . TIS forget it . it be not for I anyway . ( to model ) who be I try to impress ? ( they smile uncomprehendingly ) make it tomorrow . a half -- no , three - quarter . letour nineteen be the top . I will make two trip . TIS nineteen be fine . letour ( leave ) a domani . take care , girl . CUT to : there be a direction the blue sedan drive west past Times Square , turn north on eighth Ave . a plastic wall of trash stretch toward the river . Port Authority hustler -- male , female -- cruise as transit cop whack a emaciate crackhead . JOHN , light by neon , lower he power window . John 's apartment . night . he write in he diary , drink . letour ( voice over ) I feel my life turn . all it need be a direction . you drift from day to day , year go by . suddenly there be a direction . what a strange thing to happen halfway through you life . he go to the phone , dial . a voice answer : HOTEL switchboard ( out of shot ) paramount Hotel . letour Marianne jost , please . HOTEL switchboard ( out of shot ) just a moment . a pre-record message come on : HOTEL message " welcome to the paramount . you party be out . if you would like to leave a message for -- ( Marianne 's voice ) ' marianne jost ' ( back to message ) -- please do so after the beep . " letour hang up , carry the phone to the boombox . he dial again , press ' record , ' hold the receiver to the mike , record the hotel message , hang up . first light slant from the window . letour lie clothed on the futon , boombox by he ear . he press " play " and " Rewind , " run the tape over and over , listen , re-listening to Marianne 's voice : " Marianne jost . " " Marianne jost . " " Marianne jost . " ) CUT to : phone call midday . twenty -second Street . a helter-skelter of daytime activity unseen before . John 's apartment . sunlight fill the studio apartment . letour , unshaven in T-shirt and slack , set the phone on the desk beside he open composition book . he pause , dial . HOTEL switchboard ( out of shot ) paramount Hotel . letour Marianne jost . HOTEL switchboard ( out of shot ) just a moment . JOHN wait , close he diary . HOTEL switchboard ( out of shot ) I be sorry . Ms. jost check out this morning . letour she be there yesterday . HOTEL switchboard ( out of shot ) she check out this morning . letour do she leave a forward number ? HOTEL switchboard ( out of shot ) no . letour thank you . he hang up , think , redial . ST . luke's switchboard ( out of shot ) St. luke 's -- Roosevelt Hospital . letour Mrs. jost. jo Ann jost . she 's a patient . ST . luke's switchboard ( out of shot ) just a moment . a long silence . JOHN look out the window . a medical staff voice from the hospital : medical voice ( out of shot ) who be this call ? letour ( think ) skyline floral . we be try to confirm a delivery . medical voice ( out of shot ) Mrs. jost pass away last night . letour be the funeral arrangement local ? medical voice ( out of shot ) just a sec -- yes , Plaza Memorial . letour thank you . medical voice ( out of shot ) you be welcome . JOHN hang up , pace , sit . CUT to : dirty laundry afternoon . chelsea laundromat . mother and maid gossip , sort clothes . Hispanic radio underscore the whirl of machine . letour , unshaven , shove dirty clothes into a washer . he count out quarter , start the machine . head toward a vacant chair , he spot a man out the window . it take a second to place the face : it 's the " italian " from au bar in street clothes . he watch JOHN watch he . letour walk outside , approach guidone on the sidewalk : letour can I help you , officer ? guidone what ? letour I hope I have not make a mistake . you be a cop , be not you ? guidone yes . letour could I see a badge ? guidone eye letour with disdain : the contempt of a cop for a dealer , of youth for middle age . guidone ( show credential ) Bill guidone . letour what be it ? guidone you think you be invisible , do not you ? you think we do not know you , letour -- that 's the name you use , right ? letour my father 's a partner in a powerful law firm . if you have anything in mind , do it by the book . guidone elbow-stabs letour , kick he shin . wincing , retreate , JOHN stagger , regains he balance . guidone ( in he face ) you ? who the fuck care about you ? I could grind you right here ! -- maybe I will ! -- and nobody would give a fuck ! you be not worth the paperwork . I look like narcotics ? I be homicide -- I be investigate the Park murder . letour ( acquiescent ) I do not follow the news . guidone downtown 's interested how a barnard honors student with fancy parent get a quarter of uncut coke on she when she be murder . I mean , we just do not see this girl cruise alphabet City try to score . somebody sell she , somebody upscale and classy -- you be classy , I hear -- and that somebody know something we need to know . ( hand inside letour 's shirt , pinching he tit ) Delivery boy ! letour I wish I could help . I do not even know who 's president . guidone let I put it this way . here 's my card ( hand card ) ask around , take a week or so . call I . tell I something I do not know . either that , leave town , or get you ass bust day in , day out . letour examine the card . CUT to : funeral home even . letour , shaven , in black tweed jacket , white shirt , black tie , cross Amsterdam Avenue , enter Plaza Memorial Chapel . Inside funeral home , JOHN check the letterboard for Mrs. jost 's name . a arrow direct he . nondenominational muzak . senior citizen whisper off-screen . walk , he see marianne , dress in black . she see he , turn to he ; she face hollow , desperate : marianne get out . letour Marianne ... marianne ( emotion rise ) every time you come into my life something terrible happen . I think I be rid of you . how would you get here ? I do not want you here ! I do not want you around I , I do not want you around my mother ! damn you ! letour Marianne ... marianne ( wild ) get out ! a plaza memorial employee approach . randi , in black , intervene , pull JOHN toward the door . marianne yell from behind : " out ! " outside , they stop midsidewalk . letour I do not ... randi I be sorry . that 's the way it be . you should not have come . Marianne have be up all night , cry and cry . she be not there when mother pass -- die -- she blame herself . it would not have make any difference . she just slip away . Marianne 's -- I be worried -- a crackhead stride past trash rampart , cursing , demand money : " fuck white devil , fuck the black , give the fuck money , white fuck ... , " etc . letour it 's ... randi do not try . letour how be you ? randi I ? letour yes , you . I can not think of anything , but if there be anything I could do ... randi thanks . I be okay -- I guess . I mean , we have be expect it . it will hit I later . letour I see she . randi who ? letour you mother . I come in the room . you be sleep . I just watch . randi oh. ( beat ) I would better get back . Marianne 's probably flipping out . she re-enter the funeral chapel . CUT to : on a roll eight p.m. letour , direct from Plaza Memorial , enter Ann 's apartment . ann , coiffure and make up , gesture to take - out tin : ann have some shu mai . just deliver . letour no . ROBERT ( enter ) I tell Ann you would be on time . tis call . he say before ten . he say you be right . ann about what ? letour a undercover cop . not a narc . the Park murder . jealous be straight on that -- you hear anything ? ROBERT remember the time that cop call here ? want to know if we have " nose candy " ? ( laugh ) Ann say , " John candy ? " " John candy ? " ann look at JOHN , approach : ann what 's wrong baby ? you like like shit . something wrong ? ( hold he face ) letour no . ann you can not fool I . I can read you . letour ( distress ) what do you care ? you be leave I . a few more month -- sayonara . ( to ROBERT ) you too . John who ? what be he name again ? Le --? ( to ann : pain ) I mean it 's not exactly like I get a pension plan . ROBERT ( hurt ) Jack . ann ( take he hand ) johnny , it 's not that at all . be that what you think ? you hate cosmetics . you do not care about it . you tell I that . letour I know . ann who know what will happen ? ROBERT I get a friend -- a D.D. -- get into lapidary . I will introduce you . you have to pass a test . letour lapi --? ROBERT gem , you know , crystal , diamond . letour any more about the Park murder ? ann ( be : murder ) what 's with this thing ? ROBERT stay away . ann ( genuine ) you want in ? we will make a place for you . letour no . ann it 's -- the kitchen phone ring . a voice follow the pre-record message : eddie ( out of shot -- answer machine ) " Ann , this be Ed . you gotta come . the other thing be over . I will be home all night . 749-2876 . " ROBERT shit . ann ( unequivocal ) do not answer it . let he call all night . he 's trouble . I do not want to deal with he . letour it 's alright , I will go . let I handle it . ROBERT I be sorry if -- ann ( about eddie ) he give you shit -- fuck he . letour ( to ROBERT ) forget it . ROBERT we be go chinese tonight , okay ? I mean we be on a roll -- ann spring roll . letour ( prepare to leave ) sure , whatever . surprise I . CUT to : intervention Eddie 's high - rise apartment . eddie be worse , if anything . he 's be scoring on the street : break pipe and vial crunch underfoot . eddie and letour argue ( " fuck you ! " " fuck you ! " ) . eddie spit , push tour , JOHN push back . Eddie 's foot tangle . he trip , fall . a bottle smashes . JOHN go to the phone , check Eddie 's directory , dial . eddie ( on floor ) you gotta get permission ? check with mama ? letour I be call you brother . eddie huh ? letour yeah , the lawyer in bronxville . I be gonna ask he to come over . ( eddie protest ) you have tell I so much about he . eddie ( panicked ) no , do not . please , I will give you money , anything . he do not understand . whose side be you on ? letour ( on phone ) be this Martin jeer ? ( beat ) thank you . eddie , woozy , try to stand . eddie I shoulda never call . letour ( to eddie ) I recommend hazelden . it have the best all - around program . ( on phone ) Martin jeer ? ( beat ) I be here with you brother ed. ( beat ) yeah , in the city . I be afraid there 's a medical emergency . you be go to have to come . eddie lurch toward letour . JOHN -- flash of anger -- bootkick he in the head ! Eddie 's cheek hit the carpet . letour ( on phone ) he will be here . JOHN , cool down , measure he breath . a spring can only be wound so tight . CUT to : lexington avenue letour walk from he sedan around the corner to the lexington Avenue entrance to Grace tower , a pre-war apartment building . in the lobby , he give he name to the security guard , be direct to the express elevator . he exit on the thirtieth floor ; footstep mute by thick carpet . victorian print on dark blue wall . he look about , approach a door , press the buzzer . thomas open the door ; JOHN enter tis ' opulent apartment . salle and clemente hang on the wall ; New York twinkle outside panoramic window . a pipe and syringe lie atop art book . TIS , in jogging sweat , come from the bedroom to greet he . TIS Tour , just in time . we be out . nineteen , right ? letour thirty -eight hundred -- get any hundred ? TIS some , not the whole thing . ( to thomas ) you get hundred ? thomas no. letour hand he a plastic bag of gram envelope . TIS open a packet , pour the content on the coffee table . TIS I like that about Ann . always take the time to grind it . if you do it , do it right . JOHN hear footstep , turn to see marianne stumble out of the bedroom ! she look terrible : shoeless , blouse out , hair undone , bruise on she forehead -- perhaps she fall against something -- hand tremble . TIS ( to marianne ) look like you could use some help . ( marianne look up , see JOHN , go pale ) mari , this be Tour . you get any hundred ? JOHN stare speechless : the girl who will not talk to he because he 's a dealer . marianne bolt back into the bedroom , slam the door ! TIS not the talkative type . have not see she in year . you know she , do not you ? ( no answer . TIS count the money , offer it . letour be freeze ) why they call I ? what a nightmare . ( extend money ) you want it or not ? letour ( vacant ) yeah . letour pocket the cash . TIS , he arm on John 's elbow , " walk " he to the door : TIS see you later . TIS nudge JOHN to the corridor , close the door behind he . JOHN look toward the elevator ; TIS , behind the door , call " Marianne ! " time cut : letour stand in the elevator , red floor number flash past , blank eye mirrore in dark glass . CUT to : fall from grace JOHN exit Grace tower , walk past a limo toward lexington Avenue . rounding the corner , he see he blue sedan . he look at the cash , repocket it . he continue slowly , each step a separate task . letour reach for the door handle . a scream pierce traffic noise . a car screech , another . voice call out . letour step back , listen . he retrace he step , turn onto lexington Avenue . the security guard , walkie-talkie in hand , cluster on the sidewalk with the limo driver , two pedestrian . a cabbie jump from he taxi , join the confusion ( " my God ! " ) . a siren approach . John 's beeper go off . drawing closer , letour see the partial bloody shape of a break body on the sidewalk : he recognize Marianne 's skirt . a squad car brake with a screech . two cop converge , climb over trash , clear the crime scene : female cop get back ! male cop who see it ? what happen ? ( the female cop bend over Marianne 's body ) ems be on the way . female cop too late -- a second squad car pull up . JOHN turn away , walk around the corner . letour open the car door , close it , sit inside . a wail ambulance flash past , speed up Central Park West . letour do not react . beeper re-beep ; he disconnect the battery . the driver , carlo , twenty - five , Hispanic , shirt starch , turn , look , think , say : carlo where to ? letour what ? carlo where to , sir ? where be we go ? letour nowhere just now . wait . carlo ( after a moment ) you want I to wait here ? letour yes . pause . more police car . the ems siren start up ; the ambulance speed downtown past letour 's sedan . no reaction . carlo turn off the engine . letour downtown . carlo yes . carlo start the car , pull into traffic . CUT to : twenty -two minute John 's apartment . late night . letour , barefoot , T-shirt , slack , stand flat against the wall . win broadcast twenty - four hour news on the boombox . ( " give we twenty - two minute and we will give you the world . " ) Sports , ad , bullshit -- letour hear what he 's be wait for : newscaster ( out of shot -- radio ) this story be just in . a woman have fall thirty storey to she death from a posh Grace tower apartment on lexington Avenue . Police be withhold identification pend the notification of the next of kin . the incident happen about ten p.m . accord to the source on the scene there be no one else in the posh Grace tower apartment when the fall occur . we will bring you more detail as we get they . ( teletype efx ) a end to the sanitation strike seem imminent . negotions at the helmsley Palace be continue to this hour ... action have consequence . CUT to : mother teresa first light . Jones Street . letour , sleepless , pound on Teresa 's door . no answer . knock again . again . noise from inside . a sleepy voice : teresa ( out of shot ) who be it ? letour John . John letour . can I see you ? teresa ( out of shot ) what time be it ? letour it 's important , Teresa . teresa ( out of shot ) call . make a appointment . letour open the door . you be awake anyway . ( no answer ) Teresa . teresa , wear oriental bathrobe , unlatch the door . JOHN enter , turn to she . the door close . letour read I . what do you see ? teresa do I know you ? letour we have a session last week . what do you see ? teresa ( remember name ) John ? letour yes . look at I . teresa take a moment to concentrate . teresa step back . ( he do ) again . ( he do ) death . letour someone I know die tonight . teresa this be not a accident . this person be murder . letour be I in danger ? teresa ( beat ) there be danger around you . it 's very close . I be sleepy . letour what should I do ? teresa I can not see it . letour please . ( she shrug ) be I lucky ? teresa yes . do not be afraid . go home . teresa shuffles toward she bedroom -- the " read " be over . letour what do I owe you ? teresa nothing . forget it . let I sleep . CUT to : snitch mid-morn . letour , still awake , walk past tower chelsea trash . he pass a newsstand . tabloid feature yearbook photo of marianne ; the headline : " fall from Grace . " letour walk to a pay phone , take out guidone 's card , insert a quarter , dial . police switchboard ( out of shot ) ninth precinct . letour Bill guidone , please . homicide . police switchboard ( out of shot ) hold on . JOHN , suspicious , look around . guidone speak : guidone ( out of shot ) guidone . letour this be John letour . remember I ? guidone ( out of shot ) laundromat . you father 's get connection . letour you say I should ask around , tell you something you do not know . guidone ( out of shot ) I think you would call . letour it be not much , but it 's something . guidone ( out of shot ) go on . letour a girl die last night . lexington Ave . guidone ( out of shot ) the jumper . druggie . letour the news say she be alone in the apartment when she go out -- she be not . it 's a cover -up . there be someone else . guidone ( out of shot ) who ? letour who life in the apartment ? guidone ( out of shot ) you there ? letour that 's all I know . you ask I to tell you something . I tell you something . hang up . CUT to : a little sleep noon . letour enter a West Village apartment building . he press a intercom button . Robert 's voice answer : ROBERT ( out of shot ) who be it ? letour Jack . let I in . the door buzze . ROBERT open the door to he overdecorate apartment . JOHN look around . tony , Robert 's young , unattractive lover , sip coffee at the table . ROBERT where have you be ? we be worried . letour I need some sleep -- not much . I do not want to go home just yet . a little sleep first . can I crash here ? Nice place . ROBERT it 's hideous . I do it year ago . I have get to throw everything out . you have not be here ? ( notice tony ) oh , Jack , this be tony . I tell you about he . you should talk . he 's the lapidopterist -- gem . tony ( correct he ) lapidarian . ROBERT same thing . letour can I ? ROBERT sure . letour what do you know about tis ? what 's he relationship to Ann ? ROBERT they go way back -- before I . do you cross he ? letour no. ROBERT do not . he 's Ann 's ecstasy connection . she need that score . what happen ? letour nothing . ROBERT do not mess with he . letour be he dangerous ? ROBERT everybody 's dangerous . we hear what you do to Eddie . Ann think it be great . she be afraid that be why you do not come back . letour it be something else . tell I if you hear anything . ROBERT about what ? letour tis . ROBERT tis who ? Ann say you want a chart do . ( beat ) what 's wrong ? letour ( internal ) ah ... ROBERT ( sympathetic ) you down ? letour ( nod ) yeah ... ( culling thought ) you ever think about it ? ROBERT what ? letour that it would be like this -- like , you life , you ... that it would turn out this way ? -- ROBERT compare to what ? my think this or that be go to make any difference ? there 's a plan unfold . " will my plane crash ? " " do life have meaning ? " -- why ask I ? think 's a fear of live , negative live ; live 's something else . you be afraid . let the plan unfold . stop. stop , live one day -- one day -- word blur to jargon . letour cut in : letour -- Robert -- ROBERT -- day at a time . letour ( touch ROBERT ) you have lose you fuck brain . ROBERT ( laugh ) I be a drug dealer . letour get a tub ? ROBERT ( gesture ) yeah . letour great . turn to bathroom . ROBERT there 's a plastic bottle of bath oil in the cabinet . yellow . use it -- tell I what you think . it 's a new formula . CUT to : jump -off six p.m . letour , shave and bath , ride a cab uptown , past harlem , past 158th Street . he motion to the driver ; the taxi stop at a blue door between retail store begging for renovation . teenage latinos hang out . letour give the cabbie a twenty . letour walk to the blue door ; the youths stop , watch . he knock on the door . a puerto rican doorman in white leather pants and a heart - shape diamond ring open the door , look he over . JOHN reach into he pouch , remove a gram envelope , hand it to he . the doorman take a taste , buzze he through a door hand - lettere " jump - off . " Inside jump - off , a cocaine " spot , " every eye turn to JOHN : the only anglo in a Hispanic after-hour club . tough young face , each with a style and two inch of attitude . Willie colon play on the jukebox . search , letour recognize a face , walk over : letour manny . ( manuel , thirtyish , Puerto rican , look closer , try to place letour ) letour. ( help out ) jealous . " jell . " sob 's . manuel ( remember ) reggae night . letour Burning spear . manuel how would you get in ? letour C -c. manuel you buy ? letour how 's product ? manuel ( gesture : " primo " ) how much ? letour I get a problem . I need a piece . manuel piece ? piece of what ? piece of candy ? letour a gun . manuel when ? letour now. anything . ( manuel be silent ) be I speak too fast ? manuel how much you spend ? letour the rate . what you get ? manuel call over a teenage dominican , explain the situation in Spanish . the dominican reply ; manuel turn back to JOHN : manuel he 's get a 64 Smith -son . detective special . nobody want them . Fresh from a cop . letour how much ? manuel ( consult dominican ) four -- include I . letour you be fuck I . manuel ( " so what ? " ) Street price . letour where be it ? manuel sigame . they lead he to a even darker back room . the dominican retrieve a automatic pistol from a trash pail , hand it to manuel . JOHN count cash from tis ' roll ; manny heft the piece . manuel the hundred -- franklin . bill and gun exchange . letour how do you use this ? manuel Automatic . letour I do not have much use for a gun . never use one like this . manuel ( translate for dominican ) cono ! the dominican laugh ; letour take he measure . letour ( businesslike ) what do you do ? manuel simple . you put the bullet in -- ( insert cartridge ) you point it at the bad guy , pull the trigger and they fall down ! manny repeat this for the dominican [ " bang , bang ! " ] ; they laugh again . letour ease the .38 into he crotch . manny turn , exchange Latin hug : manuel vaya con dios . letour -- dios . JOHN exit , work he way through the club . CUT to : out with the old John 's apartment . Seven p.m. letour , sweat , bareback , tuck the .38 under he futon . he take a bottle of cologne from the bathroom , pour it over he hair , face , and torso , rub it in . lick he finger , he remove Marianne 's gold and onyx ring with a tug . his finger sting . he open a window , throw the ring full force into the junk -strewn courtyard . he shake he torso ; cologne glisten . CUT to : JOHN and randi Interior , Plaza Memorial Chapel . letour enter the " view room , " motion to randi . she follow he . they slip into a door , enter the embalm room : stainless steel table surround by surgical cabinet . they embrace , disengage . JOHN look : randi 's exhaust face mirror he . letour have you be to the police station ? randi ( nod ) she be back on drug . really back . they be gonna bring she here too . my god. ( he comfort she ) I think she be play for attention . letour I do not know . randi you be not to blame . do not blame yourself . you be not responsible . she be always -- she love you . letour ( wipe tear from she cheek ) she love you . you be what she want to be . randi she scared I . JOHN pull a Polaroid from he pocket . letour look . do you recognize anyone ? the picture feature ann and TIS : side by side at a dinner party . randi tis . letour you know he ? randi his father 's a lawyer . do some tax thing for Mom . he be at the hospital . what 's that smell ? letour it 's I . cologne . I be a sucker for that cheap airplane stuff . do Marianne mention he yesterday ? randi ( " no " ) it be he apartment . what be you think ? letour I do not know . randi she jump . ( letour hang on every word ) you love she , but she -- this sound terrible but it 's true -- she be ... she ruin everything ... bad luck . letour ( hear enough ) when 's the funeral -- you mother 's ? randi tomorrow . will you come ? letour ( vague ) well , I get this thing to do . it 's -- I do not know if I can get away . randi try ? for I . letour I will try . CUT to : prodigal son Ann 's apartment . eight p.m. ann greet letour with a hug . ann the prodigal son. letour sorry about last night . something come up . ann where be you ? letour t.c.t.e. ROBERT " too complicate to explain . " letour ( enter bedroom ) I be $ 500 short from last night . I will get it , you can take it from my salary . ann ( stung ) this be family . be you say that to hurt I ? ( letour return ) it 's not money . letour ( chagrine ) sorry . ROBERT look at this . ( " akasha " visual ) we have a graphic artist make it up -- you know , billy , five towns . ann the label for the cosmetics line . letour ( examine it ) classy . sorta -- katmandu ... ann ( correct he ) kathmandu . letour I love it . ROBERT tis call twice . he want you to come by . letour ( wary ) I ? ann yeah . say you be suppose to show up again yesterday , but do not . letour a lie . I do not want to go . the suicide and all . let 's stay away . ann can not . he 's the ecstasy connect . no way I can fuck this . letour c'mon ... ann this be business . letour , suspicious , look from ann to ROBERT . he know TIS know he know marianne be not alone when she go out the window . letour let Robert go . ann tis will not deal with fag . letour since when ? ann just be -- so he 's a bigot ? what 's new ? so 's everybody else . letour I do not want to go . I get a bad vibe . ROBERT he say you . ann ( to letour ) why ? letour ( to ann ) why do not you go ? he 's you contact . ROBERT he be -- ann ( to ROBERT ) you give order ? ROBERT ( deferential ) no , missy . letour ( testing she ) come with I -- the two of we . ann ( upbeat ) okay . you get it . like old time -- Ann and johnny . ( turn to go ) letour okay . ROBERT stop it . you be break my heart . CUT to : last ride night . ann and letour side by side in the sedan . carlo , at the wheel , anonymous . outside , sanitation worker toss sack of trash into garbage truck : the strike be over . ann reminisc as light flash : ann it 's go to be strange , not do this . I mean I have have it , but sometimes ... letour you be gonna do it , be not you ? you be gonna quit . ann ( nod ) I think so . seal this thing with tis , turn it -- go with the cosmetics . you gotta take a chance in life . no risk , no gain . I have already get retail connection here , London . it be great at the beginning , though . letour when ? ann you know , when we first start out of the place on greene Street . before delivery , when you be still use . it be open house every night but Sunday . we have everything : upper , downer , meth , six kind of hash , all in that trousseau , remember ? you could get in for a gram , stay all night -- everybody , music people , movie , Wall Street , fashion -- even politics . I think like five marriage come out of that party , baby -- really . god. ( JOHN eye she : why this Niagara , this nostalgia ? ) you stay , you then Robert -- but he ... I 'da never think you would , what be it , twelve year ? other , lucky a year max , eight month , in , out , start use , unreliable -- nice kid . remember when you first come : long hair , dirty finger -- letour ( overlap ) you make I -- ann -- never wash -- letour -- khaki pants . ann I should write a book someday . do you know somebody want to do my story ? ghostwrite . it be impossible , of course -- my lawyer freak I even have the meeting . people envy I . they think my life be so glamorous , but they do not know . I know . glamorous . ( beat ) it be for a while . then come crack and fuck everything . JOHN wonder : the Big Goodbye ? be she act at tis ' behest ? letour I gotta stop home a second . ann why ? it 's out of the way . they be expect you . " they're ? " letour you know I get a bad vibe about tis . ann ( unconvincing ) chill . this be routine . letour I want to get my lucky jacket . ann oh. okay . the sedan continue south . it turn , stop in front of John 's chelsea apartment building . JOHN hop out , go in . Inside John 's apartment he -- a man possess -- pull he black tweed from the closet , throw it on the futon . he roll up he shirt , reach under the futon , remove the .38 . he strap the gun to he back , wrap duct tape around he chest , end to end over the .38 . he tuck in he shirt , put on the jacket , check the mirror to see if the gun show : it do not . a pause to appreciate . letour close he diary , throw it out the window : a trifle . he slap cologne on he cheek -- annoint ; head toward the door . outside , letour emerge , walk quickly to the car , plop beside ann . the sedan drive off . back seat : ann that take long enough . what do you do , douche while you be at it ? letour Ann , you get some mouth on you . ann you do not want to know where it 's be . ( sniff he ) cologne ? letour for you . ann phew . it smell like that stuff they give you on airplane . it 's no good for you skin . all chemical . letour pull out a slip of paper , write a name and address : " Linda wichel , 1012b -2 a Street , Sacramento , California . " ann what 's that ? letour do I a favor . ann what ? letour do not ask why , just promise . ann what be it ? letour ( testing again ) if anything happen to I -- if I should like , you know , fuck die -- write and tell she . extends slip of paper . ann start to speak , stop . letour it 's my sister . her husband 's in San quentin . she worry , you know . she take the name and address . ann ( eye contact ) okay . ann , sad , look out the window . she touch he knee . the car pull in front of the Pennsylvania Hotel , 34th and 7th . letour I think we be go to tis ' ? ann we be . he 's here . he can not very well work out of he apartment after what happen yesterday , can he ? they get out . CUT to : shoot -out Pennsylvania lobby : a baseball card convention be in progress . ann squeeze through , go to the house phone . JOHN follow , scan the tacky lobby : what 's up ? ann ( on phone ) mathis bruge , please . ( beat ) tis ? ann. I be here with tour. ( beat ) okay . ( hang up ) letour tis there ? ann twelve - oh-four . they go to the elevator , wait with chatty card collector [ Pete Rose this , Pete Rose that ] . twelfth floor . ann and JOHN step out of the elevator , look for 1204 . letour , a step behind , be all eye , all ear . ann check the number , ring the bell . thomas let they in the standard issue suite , lock the door . letour be right : it 's a set -up . thomas and a teenage cuban stand either side of they , waistband conspicuously bulg . no TIS . JOHN turn to ann : letour ( jesus-to-judas ) ann. ann 's confuse , then furious : she have no part in the " set - up . " in fact , she do not even know it 's a set-up . burst rage , she turn on thomas , yell : ann I tell you greasy fuck I do not deal with gun ! I see gun , I walk ! how dare you ? she slap thomas , pull the 9 mm from he waistband , throw it to the carpet . the cuban watch bewilder , gun draw , await instruction . now ann 's on he : ann and you , beaner , whoever the fuck you be , kiss my fat ass ! ( she spit on he shirt , knee he in the crotch , yank he gun , throw it beside the gut - clutching cuban . she cross the room , yelling : ) that 's it ! TIS ! shitball ! I know you be fuck there ! let this be a lesson ! you wanna deal , you gonna apologize for this ! ( to letour ) let 's go . thomas and the cuban teen retrieve they gun ; ann unlock the door . thomas ( point gun ) hold it ! stop right there . she turn defiantly . TIS enter from bedroom : TIS ( to thomas ) no ! ( to ann ) sorry about the gun . my fuck - up . I be just try to make a point -- I apologize . TIS look to thomas and the cuban : they lower they weapon . he only mean to threaten letour . TIS ( about thomas and cuban ) asshole . what a nightmare . ( to ann ) we will make the deal tomorrow -- same term . ann. sorry . go on , leave , you be upset . I just need to talk to Tour a second . about a police matter . ( to letour ) right ? letour ( to ann ) go on . she hesitates . TIS Tour and I need to get we storey straight . somebody 's talk to the police . the gun be for emphasis , to make a point , dumb -- ann get it . fear hit : ann ( to TIS ) we come together , we be leave together . ( to letour ) johnny , come with I . open door . TIS ( a command ) Thomas . thomas fix he gun on ann . TIS ( to ann ) do not be stupid . get out . leave. ( to letour ) I have nothing to do with Marianne -- she jump : she be there , then she be go . ( nod ann to leave ) nothing will happen to Tour . ann compute , bolt out , flee , scream at the top of she lung : ann ( out of shot ) Fire ! Fire ! Fire ! the fire bell ring . thomas , TIS , and the cuban stare dumbfounded . letour reach behind he shirt in the confusion , yank out the .38 with a painful rip , turn , fire point - blank into the Cuban 's chest . blam ! shirt fabric flare , fly : the cuban fall with blank expression . thomas , off guard , wheel and fire wildly at letour . JOHN fire back . both be hit . TIS duck into the bedroom . thomas and letour fire again , again -- hit , miss . a bullet hit its mark : thomas , freeze , grab he blood - spurting throat , slump to floor . letour bleed from the stomach and shoulder . his shirt soak red ; he struggle to stand . cuban and thomas -- both dead . letour check the .38 : five round fire -- one leave . letour stagger into the bedroom , find TIS frantically search a open suitcase . off-screen voice under the fire bell . TIS ( desperate ) I do not -- letour step to TIS , aim , shoot he barrel to forehead . exit debris hit the wall . he be dead . off-screen scream of guest be counter by command from hotel security : " get down ! " " get back ! " Fire horn and siren reverb from the street . letour , lose consciousness , sit bedside . gun slip from he hand . deflate , he drift back - first to the bedspread . blood spread . his eye be open . police voice approach . fade out : every grain of sand prison wait area . ann , wear a wool suit , wait among black / Hispanic friend and relative . the first scene without letour : she sit quietly . a correction officer instruct the visitor to proceed . ann walk through a concrete corridor , find the visit area . letour , in prison fatigue , sit at a table . he see she , smile . ann sit down . this be not she first visit . letour hello . ann hi. check watch . letour twenty minute . you look terrific . ann I look respectable . any news ? letour sentence 's in ten day -- suppose to be . because of the extenuate circumstance -- we cooperation -- they say it will not be more than five year -- maybe seven . with time serve , good behavior , parole , I could be out in two year -- maybe . I hope . ann it feel like forever . letour it 's not so bad . it 's a relief in a way -- at least so far . I have be write , read . ann I love you letter . ( pause ) letour how 's business ? ann Robert quit . he go back to deal . I think he think it would be less work , more money . it 's lucky in a way I get mix up in it -- now I have to see this thing through . so it 's cosmetics after all . letour ( affectionate ) I miss you . ann I too . letour do we ever fuck ? ann what do you mean ? letour you know , make love . ann ( think ) there be that party when everybody be so stone , but -- oh yeah , that night you come over and crash and we sleep together . letour we be naked , but do we --? ann you have a hard - on ... letour I do not -- ann you try ... letour I be think about it and I realize we never really do . it 's one of the thing I think about . it 's one of the thing I look forward to . I have be look forward . ann I too . letour ( touch she hand ) something can be right in front of you and you can not see it . ann ( kiss he hand ) strange how thing work . the tableau fade . the end