light out Story by David sandberg screenplay by Eric heisserer March 4 , 2015 draft with mark revision fade in : int . back office - night from a ceiling angle , right up against a buzzing , occasionally flicker overhead bulb -- a man in this cluttere office pace back and forth . on the phone . this be paul , 40s , a man with gentle eye whose body can not hide symptom of stress and exhaustion . deeply concerned . paul I have try that . she will not go . window in the office look out on a larger warehouse , full of rack of clothing , mannequin , and bin of coat hanger . Paul flick through page on a web browser as he stand at he desk , switch the phone to the other ear . paul ( cont 'd ) Rebecca ? she 's she own train wreck . and I see she maybe once a year . I can not expect she to help we . Paul listen to the person on the other end of the call . nod along as if he agree with they . all the while , he absently toy with he wedding band on he ring finger with he thumb . paul ( cont 'd ) yeah . yeah , okay . a light click on in the warehouse , and a young man name keith ( 20 ) cross through a aisle to the office door . he knock and enter , hold a tablet -- keith okay , so -- ( notice phone ) oop . Paul cover the mouthpiece with he hand . paul inventory good ? keith hold up the tablet , a app glow on its screen . keith more overage from j- four . none of it be '' fall Collection . '' they be still treat we like a dump ground for that fail line . paul ship it back . ( into phone ) I hear you . I be not say it be not a tough call . keith mouth the word : '' tonight ? '' Paul see the plea in keith 's eye and wave he off . mouth back , '' tomorrow . '' keith put he hand together and bow at Paul , then leave , shutting the door quietly behind he . paul ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) we switch hmo last month , and get the prescription sort have be a pain . so she 's be off she med and now I keep ... it 's just rough . I have not sleep much . the motion - activate warehouse light click off . the cavernous space outside the office be dark . nothing but black shape huddle together . paul ( cont 'd ) you and Craig be at we wedding . she will listen to you . get she to stop lock herself in the closet . ( then ) so we do not call it a intervention . as Paul shut down the application on he computer , he get it down to the desktop wallpaper image : Paul , sophie ( 40s , smile , hair that hint warning : Manic ) , and martin ( 8 , somber , look past camera ) . paul ( cont 'd ) I know Martin would love to see you tonight . this be really take a toll on he . a beat , then Paul close he eye and lean back in great relief . nodding again : paul ( cont 'd ) thank you , donna . I ‘’1l be home in the next hour . see you both then ? ( beat ) all right . bye . he hang up . and he attention be draw to that wallpaper . paul ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) help be on the way . it 's unclear whom in the family photo he 's say it to . with a wink , the PC power down . int . clothes warehouse - moment later the square motion - activate sensor tuck high in a corner click , its red detection - light winking off -- and the warehouse light sputter to life again . Paul lock the back office . his key jangle . he make he way toward the storefront . traversing a aisle of dress hang on rack . something clatter in one distant corner . Paul pause . listen . look . paul keith ? you still here ? silence . Paul stand on tiptoe to peer over the rack . no movement . the light click off . Paul turn around , stare up at the motion activator . paul ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) oh , come on . he wave he arm at it . try to trigger it . behind he , at the end of the aisle , a dark silhouette slide out from between the rack of clothes . it seem tall . with long , unkempt hair that disguise the shape of its head and neck . and oddly , it do not seem to be wear clothes . its shape be too smooth ; too raw . Paul be not aware of it . the motion sensor still do not wink on . in the dark , its small red ' detection 's light glow wanly . paul wave with bigger gesture ... and the silhouette advance for he ... slowly at first , then pick up speed , then the light clack on again , sputtering to life -- and there be no one else in the aisle besides Paul . Paul turn around -- and notice the hang dress a few foot from he sway , as if brush by someone 's shoulder . paul ( cont 'd ) hello ? no answer . Paul hurry for the door . int . outlet mall corridor - night Paul roll the metal security gate down on the front entrance to the clothing storefront . lock the gate with he key . wide angle the mall be quiet as a museum at night . it must be October , because Halloween decoration be out . ghost and bat hang on fishing wire . scarecrow amid hay bale . Witches with pointy hat pose over kiosk . the whole place be dimly light , mostly shut down . it 's clear Paul be work past close time . no other shop be light . not even the hallway . just the shelf lighting under the planter , and the occasional kiosk light , showcase some ad or mall map . Paul make he way for the parking garage . as he pass a kiosk -- his shadow be cast upon the wall beside he . advance as he continue past , stretch at a slant angle . and a second shadow advance just behind it . that same silhouette . Paul catch sight of it , and turn -- nothing 's there . nothing to make that shadow on the wall . he look again at the wall -- it 's just he own shadow , and a very faint secondary one that could be another shadow of he cast by a separate lamp . Paul 's phone ring . startles the hell out of he . nerves rattle , he check the screen : '' Home '' paul ( answer ) hello ? ( then ) hey , kiddo . I be come home now . promise I ' will be there soon . Paul pick up the pace as he talk to he son . paul ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) how 's mom do tonight ? ( beat ) yeah ? better ? Paul reach the door to the parking garage . one last look back : all be quiet . all be still . paul ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) well I be on my way . int . parking garage - night when the slide door open for Paul , a sodium - vapor lamp awaken , saturate the structure in a dirty amber tint . this garage be not a typical parking building . someone try to make it look '' arty '' with its concrete piling , turn sharp corner into round end , and elongate support beam in logarithmic curve . but at night , the effect be eerie : it look like you be inside the ribcage of a enormous giger-esque monster . Paul 's Toyota sedan be one of maybe three car still park at this hour , a hundred foot from the door . Paul march for it , key in one hand , phone in the other . it be a long and tense walk . Paul keep look around for sign of other people . his footstep echo in the cavernous space . Paul get to the Toyota , unlock it with he key fob . behind he , the sodium - vapor security light go out , drench the garage in darkness . Paul open the driver 's door , grateful for the car 's interior light which cast a downward glow on the area around it . he hear something : the sound of the building door slide . Paul turn around , unnerve , because the amber security lamp do not wink on this time . at the glass door to the mall : the silhouette . paul who 's there ? silence . Paul lean in , the Toyota squeaking from the weight of he body . he grab a flashlight from he glovebox and stand up again at the door . his fight - or-flight feeling battle he stubborn need to not be bully or pranke . he click on the flashlight 's bright , narrow beam . shine it right at the silhouette -- and it 's gone . like the light erase it from existence . Paul frown . confused . border on panic . he lower the beam of light , shine it on he foot -- and the silhouette have return . thirty foot closer . Paul lift the light again . directing it at the shadow - form . again : just light and garage wall in the distance . beat . Paul lower the flashlight beam -- and the silhouette be a dozen feet away . Paul jump -- emit a partial curse word , and bring that light beam up reflexively . protectively . once again , nothing . but now , he hear it . foot scuffling on the ground . hurrying in some direction . Paul sweep the beam leave and right , in search of it . nothing . then : a slight sound behind he . the Toyota squeaking as something lean against it . Paul look down . a shadow be cast from the car 's interior light : something be stand right behind he . Paul start to whirl around but -- the flashlight shine in we eye as some hint of a hand grab he wrist and -- another dark - as-ink clawe hand reach around and cover he mouth and -- the flashlight crash to the ground , break . wide angle darkness . then the sodium - vapor lamp awaken again , revealing Paul 's mangle body on the ground by he car . CUT to : MAIN title : a montage of photograph -- family photo , vacation snapshot , candid from different time around the world . in each of they , somewhere , be a vague , humanoid shadow . unattach to any of the people . sometimes it 's almost a smudge on the photo . in many , it 's distinct ; lurking . CUT to : a poster -sine illustration malicious shadow cover a terrify , gorgeous woman trap in a tomb . pulling back to reveal it 's the cover art for a death metal album of some scandinavian band . somewhere , heavy metal music play on low volume . we're in : int . bedroom —- night more poster of metal band , artwork from cult comic book . crappy furniture . a single bed with dishevel sheet , currently occupy by a young couple : rebecca ( 20 ) and bret ( 20 ) share a cigarette , stare at the ceiling . her dark lipstick be smear , smudge of it apparent on bret 's face and neck . Rebecca look like a '' suicide girl . '' a gothic tattoo '' sleeve '' cover she leave arm . ear , nose , and lip sport piercing . her hair and makeup be inspire by the character death from Neil gaiman 's sandman series . bret 's bare chest showcase a few tattoo , and he hand be rough and callouse from year of heavy guitar play , but where Rebecca 's body language say '' cool as ice , '' he be bright and bouncy as a puppy . from the bedroom window , a outdoor neon sign for a restaurant wink on and off every few second . bret give I twenty minute . I want another ride . rebecca ( roll eye ) uh-huh . I be gonna go shower . bret oh yeah . sure . maybe I '11 join you . she grin at bret as she climb out of bed . rebecca you will smell like girly soap . he smile back . completely smitten . int . bathroom - night Rebecca shower . all that makeup wash out . the tease hair , thoroughly rinse . no sign of bret . int . bathroom - night in a towel , Rebecca comb out she hair , stare at she own reflection . her skin be pink from the hot water . now it 's clear how much of that makeup be a persona ; a disguise . because she look completely different in this light . she 's like a lose girl , five year young . she examine she leave arm , with the elaborate tattoo . the inside of she forearm be more heavily ink . as if to cover over a older tattoo or birthmark . she look at she right arm , currently bare . the inside of this arm be pepper with neat row of short scar . too neat to be accidental . Rebecca use to be a cutter . for a brief moment , there 's a sadness in she expression rarely see by someone twice she age . then , she wall it all up again in a deep breath , and step out . int . bedroom —- night it 's raining outside , now . watersnake shadow slink down the window , and the rain create a soothing white noise . bret be fast asleep on the bed . snore lightly . Rebecca nudge he with she naked foot . rebecca hey. marathon man. 10 . he wake up . sit up on he elbow . bret I be up , I be up . Rebecca go to a drawer and pull on a oversize t-shirt . her putter-around - the-pad comfort wear . rebecca you can not stay . that 's when it hit we : this be not bret 's apartment . it 's Rebecca 's . all this artwork be hers . bret aww , becca . just one night ? rebecca nope . bret reluctantly start to get dress . notice the weather . bret you be kick I out in the rain ? rebecca you will be fine . you be not a puppy . bret I think I be you boyfriend . rebecca you be a guy I have be see . ( off he reaction ) the only guy I have be see . bret for eight month . rebecca eight month ? really ? wow . that put you in first place . ( then ) C ’mon , out , I have work early in the morning . then I be gonna have gina start on my other sleeve . Rebecca shuffles out the door to she live room . bret ( call after ) I can not even keep a pair of jeans here ? ll. rebecca ( 0.s. ) no . bret not even a sock ? just one sock ! rebecca ( 0.s. ) what good be one sock ? bret be that a yes ? rebecca ( 0.s. ) no. bret pull a t-shirt over he head . it sport a band logo ; he own thrash metal band -- unholy trinity . with a peel photo-graphic of himself and he two bandmate . int . live room - moment later Rebecca clean up the chinese takeout on the coffee table . this place be too small to have a dining room . bret call from the bedroom : bret ( 0.s. ) it 's not like have a sock here would make it impossible to get rid of I . sock be not anchor . Rebecca sigh . rebecca I will see you tomorrow night at the gig . let 's just agree to that , ok ? int . bedroom bret go to she top drawer and drop one sock in among she collection of bras and panty . bret all right . he put he boot on . hiding he one bare foot . ext . rebecca 's front stoop - night bret step out , protect under a small awning . 12 . the rain have get heavier . Rebecca kiss he , smile , then shut the door . beat . bret shake he head , grin . bret I love you , too ! reluctantly , he step out into the weather . make he way down the sidewalk . pause , fishing for he car key . rebecca ( 0.s. ) hey ! sexy ! bret look up through the rain : Rebecca have sly open she bedroom window , grin down at he , still in she t-shirt . rebecca ( cont 'd ) I like you a lot . bret step forward , encourage . bret be that all ? rebecca not quite . bret smile through the rain . expectant . his sock sail down and land on he shoulder . rebecca ( cont 'd ) see you tomorrow . she slide the window shut . bret pick he drench sock from he shoulder . bret ( sotto ) so close ... 13. int . live room - night grinning like a girl in love , Rebecca saunter back into this room and cross the fireplace , lean down to turn up the music in here . slowly pushing in on a photo gather dust on the mantle : a much young Sophie , and a 12 - year - old rebecca together . snapped in mid-laugh , Sophie surprised by she daughter . no sign of Paul or Martin here . the photo fill the frame -- and then a shadow pass over it , and suddenly it 's not as dusty as it be -- pulling back to reveal -- we're in : int . sophie 's live room - night another mantle , this one litter with frame photo . next to the identical photo of Sophie and Rebecca : that photo of Paul , Sophie , and Martin see earlier on he computer . the collection showcase Martin most of all , but little Rebecca be there quite a lot , too . and then there 's paul . center-stage on the mantle . a handsome portrait ... next to he frame obituary , date two week earlier . int . martin 's room - night Martin sit up in bed , still under the cover . he listen . he stare at he bedroom door . it hang open a crack . he can hear murmured conversation , as if someone be on the phone down the hall . Martin make a face -- he struggle to be brave play out in he body language -- and then he hop out of bed . 14 . int . upstair hallway - continuous Martin step into the hall and travel past the upstairs bathroom to another door at the far end . the master bedroom . half -close . Martin can hear he mother 's voice in the room . martin ( small ) mommy ? Martin push the door open ... revealing ... int . sophie 's bedroom a nest of clothes , empty glass and stray plateware . this be a hoarder 's room . in one corner , the light from the master bathroom offer a crease of light into this otherwise dreary , dark space . in the other corner , sophie stand at the open doorway to the master closet , in profile , mutter to herself . she look worse than in that photo . the manic be full - blow here . her hair frazzle . her nail chew . sophie I just do not know what to do about it . and I be sorry . I really be . martin mommy ? Sophie turn to face Martin , surprised by he . sophie yes , Martin ? martin ( beat ) be you okay ? sophie I will be . just not there yet . do we wake you ? Martin tense at that pluralization . martin what ? 15 . sophie go back to bed , sweetie . only one wander the hall at this hour should be grown-ups . Sophie stare tiredly at she son . give he a slight nod -- '' go on , now . '' Martin turn around , take two step back for he room ... sophie ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) I know . but he mean well . Martin look back , over he shoulder . Sophie 's return to look into the closet ... where a shadow slide along the door -- could it be cast by Sophie herself ? -- and then some floorboard creak inside the closet . Martin 's breath catch . his nostril flare . he hurry back down the hall , for he door -- int . martin 's room - continuous --rush in and shutting the door behind he . lock it . climb into bed . tense , expectant , he stare at he door . beat . nothing happen . Martin begin to calm down . click . the hall light go out . Martin hold he breath . from down the hall : the SOUND of bare foot thumping on the hardwood floor , with the add clicking of long nail . right up to Martin 's bedroom door . Martin grip he blanket like a spartan 's shield . a tense beat . quiet . martin .. - mommy ? 16 . scratching on the door . like a cat . the doorknob jiggle . from way farther down the hall , deep in Sophie 's room : sophie ( 0.s. ) you want a kiss goodnight ? Martin 's reply be swift and loud : martin no . the doorknob stop jiggling . but there be no sound of recede footstep . Martin slowly sink under the cover , look up at he nightstand lamp . the bulb burn steadily . hanging on that bulb , pressing in ... do it weaken ? do it just flicker ? on martin , settling in for another sleepless night ... int . sophie 's live room - day the land - line phone ring . one of that old - fashioned , loud bell tone . no one answer . pulling back , sunlight pierce through the window . Wide open . it 's the next day . the phone stop ringing . a beat later -- Sophie enter from the garage , carry a shopping bag . she move to the big bay window in the live room ... and pull out a heavy fabric from the bag . she buy some brand new curtain . to keep the sun out . ext . martin 's grade school - day establish . 17 . principal fuller ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) she be not answer . int . principal be office - day principal fuller ( 40s , snappy dresser ) move around he desk and approach a couch on the other side of he office . Martin have doze off . fuller nudge he gently . principal fuller hey. Martin ? Martin wake , tense . blink . principal fuller ( cont ’d ) be there someone else we could call for you ? Martin consider the question . int . school hall - day Rebecca march in from outside , with bret trail she . bret grin at the seasonal calendar for the grade school . bret I do not know you have a brother . Rebecca make a bee-line for the principal 's office . before she enter : emma ( 0.s. ) be you Rebecca ? Rebecca wheel around to find emma ( 30 , sincere ) wait for she , outside the door to the school nurse 's station . rebecca who be you ? emma I be Emma . I be with child service . ( off she look ) I be assign to Martin after you father 's death last month , and -- rebecca step-father . 18 . emma Excuse I ? rebecca Paul be Martin 's father , not mine . my dad run off with he physical therapist when I be ten . Emma be not expect this information . she roll with it . emma okay . let 's talk about Martin for a minute . how be he when he 's at home ? be he sleep ? rebecca I do not live there . emma so it 's just you mother in the house , then ? rebecca yeah ? emma how be she hold up ? rebecca well , she take antidepressant for she mood swing . be that what you be ask ? Emma open a small moleskine notebook and make a note . emma how bad be it ? the depression . Rebecca do not like the notebook . rebecca nothing to write about . emma be it a chemical deficiency ? rebecca what ? emma genetic ? rebecca no . I mean , I do not know ? emma but you do not live with she anymore , so can not speak to she current behavior . rebecca look , be Martin okay ? you be talk like he have a black eye or something . int . nurse's office - moment later 19 . Martin sit on a cushion chair , dark ring around he eye from lack of sleep . emma ( v.o. ) he fall asleep in homeroom this morning . for the third time in the past week . Rebecca enter , brow furrow in concern . Martin look up at she . astonish . martin you show up . rebecca yeah . martin I do not know if you would . rebecca where 's Mom ? Martin shrug . look away . Emma step in , put she notebook back in she emma Martin . I know you and you mother be go through a lot . and it 's harder for you , because you really can not talk to you mother about it . she 's fight she own battle . Rebecca roll she eye . she 's sit through this emma ( cont 'd ) live with someone struggle with depression be exhaust . I know because my father battle it . ( more ) bag . talk . emma ( cont 'd ) you do not know who you be go to get . one moment they be sweet , the next they be a monster . but if you feel threaten , we can help . okay ? martin ( right at Rebecca ) this be why you leave , be not it . 20 . this give Emma pause . she look to Rebecca . Rebecca shrug . rebecca my deal be more complicated . and have nothing to do with you and mom . come on . i’1l take you home . martin you home ? or mom 's ? rebecca where you live . Martin let out a tired breath and ease off the chair . Rebecca can read he body language . rebecca ( cont 'd ) you be gonna be okay . ( to Emma ) he 's gonna be fine . ext . sophie 's house - day bret 's beat - up suv pull into the driveway . int . bret 's suv bret shift into park and smile through the rearview Martin , who 's buckle into the back seat . Rebecca ride shotgun . bret here we be . rebecca her car be here , so she 's home . at Martin make no move to unbuckle he seat belt . his backpack sit on the seat next to he . 21 . martin you should take I to you place instead . just for a night . Rebecca look back at Martin . bret chuckle . bret good luck bark up that tree . Rebecca give bret a '' do not start '' glance , then tell Martin : rebecca you would not like it there . I have lot of scary poster on the wall . but Martin look more scared of he own house now . martin ( sotto ) I just need some sleep . bret this be exciting . rebecca why be you excited ? bret get to meet you mom be a big deal . that 's like , the next step . Rebecca roll she eye and open she door . rebecca c’mon Martin , let 's go . ( point at bret ) you , stay in the car . bret oh come on . I wear my good jeans ! bret 's jeans : patched and shred . ext . sophie' house - moment later Rebecca lead Martin up to the front door . rebecca Mom go through phase like this . just give she a while and she will bounce back . be she be social with anyone right now ? 22 . martin someone keep come over . rebecca good . who ? martin '' diana . '' this stop Rebecca in she track . she turn to face Martin . her whole body language have change now . her hand make fist at she side . her jaw pulse . rebecca ... what ? martin her name be diana . int . sophie 's live room Pov angle : watch Rebecca and Martin through a crack in the curtain . be this Sophie watch ? Rebecca bend slightly to speak in low tone with Martin . rebecca I know what you be go through . she do it to I after my dad leave . she get off she med and start talk to ... someone . ext . sophie' house - continuous Rebecca put a hand on Martin 's shoulder . rebecca I have bad dream about diana , but that 's all they be . because she be not real . okay ? Martin 's face go from hopeful confidant to disappointed . suddenly he look more exhaust than any eight - year - old should ever be . head bow : martin if you say so . the door open and Sophie step out , in a bath robe . 23 . sophie becca ? be that you ? Rebecca stand up and approach Sophie . rebecca hey , mom . Sophie note Rebecca 's clothing color choice . sophie still in mourn ? rebecca I just like black . Sophie nod , concede . she pull Rebecca into a welcome hug . sophie it 's good to see you . it take a moment for Rebecca to hug back . do not expect one . rebecca you , too . Martin move past , into the house . sophie what be you do home , little mister ? int . sophie' live room - continuous Martin do not look back , he just march for he bedroom . over he shoulder : martin she 'il tell you . rebecca he have not be sleep . sophie who can blame he . Paul be everything to we . ( correct ) nearly everything . rebecca be you see a therapist ? Sophie deflect by idly tidy up . as she do : 24 . sophie I be not go to talk about my problem to some stranger . I have be through this before . you be there when Vic leave I , you remember . rebecca oh yeah , I remember . she look around the room and spy a half - eat lunch on the coffee table . the tv play , mute . for the first time , we get a better look at the room , with the new curtain . it 's more of a cave now . some box of clothes ( Paul 's ) sit in a corner of the room , like a hoarder 's starter kit . the lack of natural light , mix with the multicolor ambient tv light , all make for a depress , if macabre feel . rebecca ( cont 'd ) how long have you be off-road it ? Sophie 's poor - I vibe disappear in a breath . she bite back : sophie Excuse I ? int . martin 's room Martin get a gym bag from he closet and begin to stuff various article of clothing from he chest of drawer . the raise voice of Sophie and Rebecca can be hear through the wall and down the hall as Martin pack . sophie ( 0.s. ) -- and once again , I be here by myself , try to do it all on my own without any help -- rebecca ( 0.s. ) help ? be that you code word for make someone listen to you complain about you life all day ? sophie ( 0.s. ) listen here , Rebecca Ann -- 25 . int . bedroom hall - moment later Martin cross from he bedroom to the bathroom across the hall , hefting he gym bag with he . rebecca ( 0.s. ) answer the question ! sophie ( 0.s . ) you be not my doctor , you be my daughter , why can not you just be on my side for once -- Martin emerge with he toothbrush in one hand . he head back for the live room , glance into -- a home office , its door halfway open . Martin stop . curious . this be a room that be typically close to he . down the hall , the fight continue . rebecca ( 0.s. ) how about you be on Martin 's side , have you think about that ? Martin slowly approach the door , to peer inside ... Pov : a shadow on the wall move . something 's in there . startle , Martin hurry for the live room . int . sophie 's live room mother and daughter still go at it . sophie be you seriously accuse I of be a bad mother ? you of all people ? rebecca can we talk about Martin without you jump to that idea ? come on ! sophie Excuse I for be upset that I have to raise he without he father . look how you turn out . this cut Rebecca deep . if she let it fester , she will start cry . instead , she harden up . 26 . rebecca I be go to give you some time . and when you be not totally manic , you can call I . until then , I be not let Martin stay here . ( call ) Martin , pack you -- Martin step in , tense , carry he bag and backpack . martin I be ready . Sophie be shocked . sophie Martin . honey . come on now . Rebecca be now empower again . authoritative . rebecca let 's go . Rebecca lead Martin out the front door . Sophie be hot on they track . sophie you two plan this ! do not you ! rebecca nobody plan anything , mom . Martin look back at he mother with a gentle look of pure sympathy . on he way out : martin I will be back soon as I can . ( halfway out the door ) take you vitamin after dinner ! ext . sophie 's house - moment later Rebecca hurry for bret 's idling suv with Martin in tow . bret meet they at the passenger side -- bret whoa whoa -- rebecca get back in , we be leave . bret where we go ? 27 . rebecca my place . bret move . no question . at the front door , Sophie call after Rebecca : sophie you be just like you father ! already in the suv , Rebecca turn she full anger toward she mother and start cursing she , while bret race to shut the passenger automatic window . it seal up at the last word -- rebecca you be just like a crazy b-- ext . rebecca 's apartment build - evening establish . the sky threaten to rain . the cloud be the color of fresh bruise . int . rebecca 's bedroom - evening Rebecca open the door for Martin , show he in like a bell hop to a hotel suite . rebecca here we be . you can take the bed tonight . just stash you stuff wherever . Martin step in and look wide - eye at the poster on the wall . like he 's on a alien planet . Rebecca watch Martin . suddenly feel embarrassed . rebecca ( cont 'd ) or if you prefer the couch ... Martin put he bag on the bed . martin no . this be fine . rebecca I be gonna order some dinner . she gently shut she door , let he alone . Martin unzip the gym bag and dig around through the clothes inside . he find what he 's after , and pull it out -- 28 . a flashlight . he check the switch , then put it on the nightstand . int . rebecca 's live room bret pull Rebecca around to speak to she quietly before she get to the kitchen phone . bret be this you idea ? rebecca what do you mean ? bret bring the kid here . rebecca it 's not safe there . bret so . you call the lady at the school . that 's what cps be for . exactly this . rebecca he 's my brother . bret she 's he mother . rebecca so ? bret take a beat . watch she carefully . bret beck . do you do this to help he , or to hurt she ? Rebecca cross she arm . nostril flaring . in a scary even tone , she tell bret : rebecca you should go now . bret deflate . he grab he key . stay on Rebecca , all stern face and disappointment ... the sound of the front door shutting ... 29 . and Rebecca slump , almost cave in on herself . she put a hand over she face and let out a long breath . int . rebecca 's kitchen - night Dark . then a light click on to reveal we be inside the fridge and Rebecca have just open the door , peer in . rebecca let I see what I can put together for you ... she grab some lunchmeat . rebecca ( cont 'd ) how about a sandwich ? in the dinette right off the kitchen , Martin sit at the table , in he pajamas . he nod . his hair be wild from a recent bath . Rebecca build a sandwich for he at the counter . rebecca ( cont 'd ) I know this be a little late for dinner . so. we 'il call it a snack . ( then ) Crust or no crust ? martin Crust be fine . ( then ) can you make they triangle ? Rebecca grin . rebecca oh , you take after you big sister . she bring the sandwich on a plate to the table and present it to he . Martin take a bite . nod : he approve . Rebecca then notice a hairbrush on the table . martin Mom usually brushes my hair . rebecca well . i’1l give it a try . 30 . Rebecca work on tame Martin 's messy hair while he eat . for a moment , the two be actually content as sibling . he feel nurture , and she feel like a proper caregiver . then , Martin put down he sandwich . martin Rebecca ? rebecca hmm ? martin if mom be crazy , do it mean we be a little crazy too ? Rebecca pause . unsure how to answer that question . it eat at she conscience . ext . sophie' back yard - dusk ( flashback ) a bonfire crackle . a bonfire make of clothes , CD , and other personal effect . sophie ( young , exhaust ) stand at the fire with a box at she foot . she wear a bath robe that she 's be live in for the past week , judge by its condition . next to she , a 10 - year - old rebecca . Big eye . and scared the way child get when a pillar of they life change . young rebecca be that daddy 's stuff ? sophie not anymore . he abandon it all when he run off with that little harlot from work . Sophie pull another shirt out of the box . hold it in front of she daughter . sophie ( cont 'd ) smell this . you know what that be ? ( Rebecca sniff ) dior . '' dune . '' you mother do not wear dior . Sophie toss the shirt onto the fire . the flame consume it hungrily , flaring up . 31 . young rebecca ... what happen now ? sophie transformation . Sophie reach into she robe 's pocket and pull out a prescription pill bottle . hold it up ... ... and toss it into the fire with the clothes . mental alarm bell go off in Rebecca 's head . young rebecca why would you do that ? sophie that 's the old I . they be suppose to help I keep my life together . look what happen . ( a breath ) time to let the world know I be ready for something new . she dump the last of the box into the fire . it roar up . sophie ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? bring I someone who will not run away ! from one angle , with Sophie in silhouette against the roaring bonfire , she head raise to the sky , the scene could be mistaken as something much more ... ritualistic . ext . rebecca 's apartment build - night Dead of night . it 's raining . int . rebecca 's bedroom - night Rebecca sleep , spoon a set of cover partly turn back . she 's make visible in four-second interval by the bright neon light from the sign outside she window . a faint scratching SOUND somewhere in the room cause she to stir in she sleep . she wake . and she find she 's alone in the bed . Rebecca sit up . blink . look around . 32 . rebecca Martin ? the neon wink off to reveal a silhouette in the door . small . partly envelop in shadow from the room beyond . the scratching come from somewhere in that direction . rebecca ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? the neon light up the room in a green glow , revealing nothing in the hall ... then it go out , and the silhouette be back . the scratching continue . Rebecca reach over to turn on the bedside lamp -- click . but nothing happen . click -click . nope . rebecca ( cont 'd ) you need to flip the light switch by you . the outlet be ... here . she get out of bed . the neon light return , illuminate the doorway ... no one be there . Rebecca frown . take a step forward , cautious . beat . the light go out again ... revealing the silhouette still there . Rebecca 's breath catch . rebecca ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) Martin ? the shadow rise now , from its small , hunch over state , to something taller than Rebecca by a foot . Rebecca backpedal , stumble , hit the hardwood floor -- the silhouette take a step into the room and something like toenail click against the wood surface -- Rebecca be trap , the bedroom door she only way out , adrenaline dump into she system all at once -- then the neon return -- 33 . and the silhouette evaporate when the light wash over it , and for a precious few second Rebecca be safe -- which be when Rebecca scramble to get back up and rush for the wall switch by the door -- slap it with she hand while she 's in the wash of light -- click . the bedside lamp turn on . Rebecca be alone in the light room . suddenly out of breath , but alone . int . bathroom - moment later Rebecca step in -- the light be already on in here . she take a hard look at herself in the mirror . glance down at she arm with the old scar . she tuck she arm to she side , like she 's try not to think about it . something make a small sound in the room with she , and in a heartbeat she 's back to fight - or-flight mode . the shower curtain be draw partway . Rebecca advance slowly . she relax when she see : martin , asleep in the dry bathtub basin , in he pajamas . he clutches he flashlight to he chest . he 's use a towel for a pillow . Rebecca sit down on the tub 's edge and watch Martin sleep . her attention drift back to the bathroom door ; to the hallway beyond . questioning what just happen . pre -lap the sound of a doorbell ring -- ext . rebecca 's apartment build - morning the rain have stop . the sun shine . a lone figure in a raincoat stand at Rebecca 's stoop . 34 . int . rebecca 's live room - morning Rebecca open the front door to reveal the figure be emma . and she look sternly at Rebecca . rebecca hey . emma do you take Martin ? rebecca what ? martin ( 0.s. ) who be it ? Emma push past Rebecca , into the apartment . emma you can not do this . moment later Emma sit on the couch , Rebecca pace . rebecca she 's unstable . it 's not a safe environment for he . for anyone . emma where be he ? rebecca get dress for school . Emma look to the close bedroom door , then speak directly but in a slightly low voice to prevent Martin overhear . emma think about what you want to do . rebecca I do . I bring he here . emma I be not talk about some kneejerk reaction . he can not stay here . rebecca sure he can . 35 . emma not without -- Rebecca , come on . you know why I be here ? she call I . rebecca so child service take order from nutjob now ? she 's on triazolam and beta blocker for a reason . Emma stand up like she 's take the pulpit . emma I go there , I stop by in person to make sure she be lucid , and she be , but you know what ? that 's not how this work . rebecca why the hell not ? emma Sophie be he birth mother . his legal guardian . to get Martin from she custody require you to file charge against she . take she to court . that 's a long , painful process , and that 's only the first half . to keep Martin from be place into foster care , you have need to prove yourself and you home as a appropriate surrogate . ( beat ) so that 's two major choice for you to make : declare war on you mother , and transform into a responsible guardian for he . be you ready to do that ? Rebecca blink . she do not expect that truth slap at she this early . rebecca I can be a responsible guardian . Emma answer by look past Rebecca , and then around the room , take it all in . more heavy metal poster . some with provocative illustrate woman . a book on the coffee table about tattoo artist . and finally , a plastic bong on the bookshelf . Emma do not say a word . she do not have to . 36 . ext . rebecca 's front stoop - morning Emma take Martin by the hand to she car . Martin look back at Rebecca who stand at she doorway . he wave at she . martin it 's okay . I get some sleep . i’11 do better tonight . Rebecca wave and smile wanly . but honestly , the little boy be break she heart . int . rebecca 's bedroom - moment later Rebecca shuffles in , hand over she eye . her body language scream , '' what the hell be I do . '' she bend down to pick up a t-shirt of hers on the floor . when she do , she freeze . her attention be rivete to something on the floor ... a stick figure in a dress have be carve into the hardwood flooring , with a name scrawle beneath it : diana Rebecca shudder . crouches down and trace one of the letter with she finger . it 's trigger some memory ; she gaze wander off the floor and up , as if she start to see it in the same room -- all the while darkness encroach around she , until -- int . rebecca 's childhood bedroom - night ( flashback ) a young rebecca ( age 10 ) sleep in she bed . from somewhere in the room , a nightlight cast a want glow over she . then ... with a brief buzz , the nightlight wink out . staying on rebecca who stir in she sleep , some part of she aware that the light have change . a door creak open . rustling sound . like a rat in a cupboard . 37 . this wake Rebecca . she blink . sit up . her bedroom closet door hang open . Inside : pitch black . all be quiet . then : the rustling continue . a bit clearer now : Paper be involved . someone handle paper . come from the closet . Rebecca get gooseflesh and she heart rate skyrocket . she reach over to she nightstand to turn on she lamp -- but the lamp be gone . a place for a lamp be there , even a footprint on the surface , but it 's not there now . Rebecca turn back to face the closet with renew fear . there , at the base , on its side : the lamp . nostril flaring , Rebecca slip out of the bed . young rebecca Mom ...? be that you ? beat . the rustling pause . woman' voice sweetheart . Rebecca frown . take a tentative step for the closet . young rebecca what be you do ? no answer . scratch on paper . then : woman' voice you mother be go to be fine . Rebecca take two more step . the closet interior be a black hole in the wall . woman 's voice ( cont 'd ) I be here now . Rebecca quickly reach out and flick on the closet light -- the closet light up to reveal -- no one inside , but something fall from midair -- 38 . a old sketch pad . and a black crayon . the crayon roll to Rebecca 's bare foot . Rebecca look around , utterly terrify there 's no one there . the sketch pad lie open to a old draw . a stick -figure trio . mommy , daddy , me. daddy have be cross through . and in the same black crayon , a new figure have be add : diana Young Rebecca stare down in shock -- int . rebecca 's bedroom - back to scene present-day Rebecca stare down at the same handwrite carve into she floor . she grab she phone . still distract by the carve , she bring up she voicemail . on speaker , she play a old message . voicemail ( v.o. ) save message . thirty - two day old . beep . then Paul 's voice : paul ( v.o. ) Rebecca . this be you step -father . you know I would not be call if it be not serious . I just ... it involve you mother . call I ? beep . Rebecca never call . but she have a grim idea now -- int . rebecca 's kitchen - day quick shot : - Rebecca 's thumb on the power button to she weathered laptop as the boot sequence chime . - Rebecca 's hand on the fridge , pull a card for a lapd detective from the door . - digit lighting up on she cell phone 's screen : '' 7 - 1 - 4 '' - Rebecca 's finger flutter on the keyboard , that black nail polish shine in the screen 's glow . 39 . then : Rebecca hold the phone in she hand at the little kitchen table , she laptop screen visible . on screen : a article from LA Times : store owner beaten to death in Anaheim a photo of Paul 's car in the garage accompany the article , but it 's shot from the other side of where he body be find , so all we see be lapd officer stand around and look grim at the ( unseen ) body . det . petrucci ( v.o. ) ( faint ; from phone ) yeah , petrucci . rebecca detective petrucci ? this be Rebecca Lloyd . we speak a few week ago , about my step - father 's murder ? she pace the room as she listen . the detective 's voice be barely hear on the other line . rebecca ( cont 'd ) Paul Wells , yes . do you catch whoever do it ? Rebecca scroll down the article on she laptop and put petrucci on speakerphone while she keep read . det . petrucci ( v.o. ) ( filter ) -- pursue every lead , but what we need most now be some help from people who know Paul . how well do you know he ? rebecca I ? I mean , not really . det . petrucci ( v.o. ) ( filter ) do you get along with he ? Rebecca do not like where this be go . be she a suspect ? now she attention be on she phone . rebecca I guess ? he be my step -dad . why ? 40 . det . petrucci ( v.o. ) because you be the first family member to call I since I be put on the case . usually the wife be call I every day , ask for update . ( beat ) what happen with you mother 's first husband ? Holy shit -- he 's not suspicious of she , he 's after Sophie . rebecca dad run off with a client . that 's all . over the speakerphone , she can hear petrucci type at he computer , make note . det . petrucci ( v.o. ) ( filter ) uh-huh , and you be Martin 's age when that happen , right ? would you say you mother suffer from mood swing ? suddenly this be a very charge call . Rebecca take it off speaker and put it to she ear -- rebecca I gotta go . and she hang up . for a moment she eye wander , then she get up , have commit to a course of action : time to go straight to the source . pre - lap a doorbell : ext . sophie 's house - day Rebecca stand on the front porch just as a taxi pull away from the curb . she ring the bell again . stands back and check the driveway : no car . rebecca ( call out ) Mom ? you home ? nothing . check over she shoulder , Rebecca bend down -- 41 . and pull a small plastic magnetize container from under a windowsill . slide it open to reveal : a house key . int . sophie 's live room - moment later Rebecca step inside and shut the door behind she . rebecca hello ? no response . Rebecca venture deeper into the house . int . upstair hallway Rebecca ascend the stair and head for the master bedroom . she glance in at the home office on she way and stop in she track . turn . and step inside . int . home office Paul 's work space . oak desk , home computer , filing cabinet . a small treadmill in the corner . that 's not the strange part . the weirdness be the fact that the frame photo have be take down . Paul 's diploma , he choice of landscape art ... even the filing cabinet be partly gut . Rebecca notice a corner of the room : a weird makeshift bed build from pillow and a quilt be tuck back behind one side of the desk , where the desk lamp have be unplugge , and the cord chewed off . something new hang on the wall here . it 's not the same dimension as what use to hang on the hook ; the paint on the wall be discolor in a different shape . Rebecca lean in to look at the new frame photo : a black - and - white snapshot , at least thirty year old . even the frame suggest 1980 . it 's at a hospital , outside on the grounds . slightly off the center of the pic stand a woman with she back to we , head partly turn to look we way . the shade of a wild - shape tree hide she face from we . 42 . Rebecca look around . feeling like she 's be watch . carefully , she take the frame photo down from the wall ... and slide the photograph out from under the glass . on the other side of the photo , some handwritten info in old , fade pen : '' diana / Mulberry Hill rehab Hospital ( 1986 ) '' Rebecca stare at the photo again with renew tension . as if the figure under that crooked tree could come to life . ext . STREET outside sophie 's house - day Rebecca stand at the curb , still clutching the photo . bret pull up in he suv and get out . approach she . bret get you message . you wanna tell I what this be about ? rebecca I need a ride . to a hospital . bret you okay ? rebecca yeah . come on -- she go for the passenger door , but it 's lock . rebecca ( cont 'd ) let 's just go . i’1l tell you about it in the car . bret be not cave . he cross he arm at she . bret do not you think we should finish talk about last night ? you know , when you kick I out for try to be honest with you ? Rebecca take a moment to remember . it 's readable on she face , '' oh , right . '' bret 's a bit surprised . she do not remember ? 43 . rebecca that. yeah . hey . she step up to he . look he in the eye . and kiss he on the mouth . she pull back . take a breath . rebecca ( cont 'd ) you be right . I be use Martin to get back at mom . I be sorry . bret 's a little loopy from the kiss . but he recover . bret well , you should apologize to Martin , really . I mean , uh -- not like you do with I , but ... rebecca I need to do a lot of thing . start with a visit to Mulberry Hill mental hospital . bret head back around to the driver 's side -- bret why ? rebecca diana be a patient there . ( still amaze ) the bitch be real ! they both get in the car . bret who 's diana ? rebecca let 's find out . ext . quiet STREET - day bret 's suv pull up to the curb . bret and Rebecca get out . they both stare at something 0.s. , disturb . Rebecca look at the photo in she hand , then back up . arm around to reveal : the mental hospital building , set back from the street on a wide , once - green lawn . 44 . it 's the same structure , for sure . some different paint here and there , stripped landscape , in need of a pressure wash . oh , and the sign out front : '' mulberry hill apartment '' rebecca shit . bret well . this be awkward . ( beat ) so , what now ? rebecca someone 's gotta know . she head for the front door . bret reluctantly follow . int . manager' office - day the photo be examine in a man 's meaty hand . this be the apartment manager , louis . he scratch he chin . louis this place have not be a medical center for over ten year . look like this be take back in the ninety . Rebecca take the photo back . rebecca what happen to it ? Louis shrug . louis get shut down . bankruptcy . bret what happen to all the patient ? louis they live happily ever after . how do I know ? I just manage the place . rebecca you do not have any forward info ? 45 . louis if I do , it have be at least ten year old by now . Louis go back to he fast food meal at he desk , talk while he eat . louis ( cont 'd ) they get evict . State law be three day 's notice . they leave a lot of junk behind for the owner to clean up , tenant do that shit all the time . rebecca what happen to that stuff ? louis auction or throw out . ( slurp soda ) all except for the patient file . Rebecca and bret be on they way out the door when he say that last line . they stop . rebecca they leave patient file ? int . mulberry hill apartment hallway - day stain carpet . flicker piss -yellow bulb . this place would feel right at home in Fincher 's se7en . Louis lead they down the hall , keychain jangling . louis I keep tell the owner to just burn this stuff , but everyone 's afraid of lawsuit this day , so they have I keep it in 157 . he go to a door that 's be damage recently . '' 157 . '' a fresh deadbolt lock have be install . Rebecca notice . rebecca that look new . louis we get break - in around here . welcome to the neighborhood . ' course , I do not know what 's worth steal in here , or who would care . 46 . he open the door and turn on the light . int . unit 157 Metal shelf and a old gurney serve as storage space for rows of box , some with lid , other open to the element . it 's a auditor 's nightmare . and it smell of mildew . louis if someone 's file be in here , odd be the world stop caring about ‘em long ago . Rebecca step in and start look around . at the door , bret stop Louis . bret you turn a creepy hospital into low - income housing ? seriously ? Louis look at bret as if bret still believe in Santa . louis it 's a building . ( as he leave ) tell she she can look but she can not take anything home with she . bret step in to find Rebecca in the middle of the room . surrounded by file . bret you hear that ? Rebecca nod , but she mind be elsewhere . rebecca yeah. ( sotto ) someone should have tell my mom that . ext . sophie 's house - day a school bus pull away from the curb as Martin walk to the front door of the house . the heavy curtain be still draw . 47 . int . sophie 's house - moment later Martin let himself in . the house be quiet . the tv mute . martin Mom ? I be home ... Martin cross to the bedroom hallway , turn light on as he go . int . bedroom hall from the home office , Sophie emerge , hold a small hammer . she approach , happy to see he . sophie welcome home . how be school ? Martin regards she cautiously . martin okay . ( then ) what be you do ? sophie just fix up around the house . how do it go at you sister 's ? martin Fine . do you take you vitamin ? sophie well , I be feel better . listen , I have be a little ... distant lately . and I want to fix that . how about pizza and a movie tonight ? Martin brighten . be old mom come back ? martin yes , please . Sophie smile , relieved . sophie good . some personal time be just what we need . just the three of we . she move past Martin for the stair ... 48 . and at the other end of the hall , a shadow extend from the home office at the doorway . someone stand just inside the room , out of view . diana . Martin 's body seize with tension . he keep he eye on that silhouette , but reach over for a wall switch ... and turn on the hall light . diana be go the instant the light come on . a apparition . Martin take a tense breath . martin ( call ) Mom ? sophie ( v.o. ) yes ? martin how about just you and I tonight ? Sophie appear at the mouth of the hall . she and Martin make eye contact . she smile politely . sophie we will see . ( then ) she be not that bad , you know . int . unit 157 - day Rebecca and bret dig through file . they have be at it for a while . the place be messier , box open , papers scattered . rebecca this be useless . all I get be patient number . no name . bret how do this photo of someone name diana have anything to do with you family ? rebecca because my mother go here , when she be about my age . bret well then , here 's a think : why do not you call she and ask ? 49 . rebecca I can not . not about this . ( beat ) Mom 's always be a little ... off . it 's just brain chemistry , not she fault . but after dad leave , she start talk to herself . just whisper . then , it become a full character . she call she diana . bret and you think she 's base on another patient here . Rebecca put she hand on she face , weary from the digging around in other people 's crazy . rebecca I be really hope . bret open another box . do a double take . bret whoa . mother lode . he pull up a shoebox full of micro - cassette tape . pluck one from the pile . bret ( cont ’d ) they be so tiny ! I do not even know this be a thing . rebecca you do not know about micro - cassette recorder ? bret discover a mcr / player inside as well . fascinate . bret I think I have battery for this in my truck . he get up and head for the door . rebecca where be you go ? bret we can not take the stuff out of here . so. rebecca ... okay . 50 . bret step out . immediately Rebecca feel uneasy . she start digging in the same box bret be search . she pull out a slim power cord . tries one end on the jack for the mcr / player -- it fit . rebecca ( cont 'd ) bret ! wait -- I find a cord ! no answer . he 's already go . Rebecca stare at the cassettes a beat . quick cut : - she plug the cord into a power outlet . - she snap a cassette into the tiny recorder . - macro shot of the cassette head spin . - voice drine on from the player . - Rebecca eject a tape , slap in another . - the whole process be repeat . she 's search ... later : white noise hiss like steady rain . the volume be cranke on the little speaker . Rebecca let it play as she dig through file box . a pile of open cassette case lie next to the player . doctor' voice patient two -eighty - three , admit October 3 , 1984 . remove from the basement of she father 's home . she have a peculiar skin condition , worse than albinism . never see anything like it before . we have be testing she with -- ( knock ) bring she in . shut off the -- okay . ( beat ) hello , diana . Rebecca stop she search . look at the recorder now . diana 's voice ..- keep the light out . her voice be meek ; ethereal . a little raspy . Rebecca stop the tape . rewind . replays . doctor' voice patient two -eighty - three , admit -- 51 . pause again . Rebecca go to another shelf . every file box here be numbered . in the 200s . Rebecca 's finger drift past box after box ... 281 , 282-- boom . box 283 . Rebecca pull it . moment later Rebecca dig through the box , sit near the recorder . doctor' voice ( v.o. ) hello , diana . diana 's voice keep the light out . Rebecca stare at the recorder now . she know this voice . doctor' voice how long have you have this condition ? diana ? the player hiss white noise . no answer . doctor' voice ( cont 'd ) do you father have it too ? or you mother ? diana 's voice they be not my real parent . a pause . Rebecca lean closer . doctor' voice another patient in the heliotherapy ward say you visit she at night . the word ring a bell , and Rebecca thumb through file until she find a folder with the same tab : '' heliotherapy . '' in the folder , Rebecca find photo of patient stand in front of light box . other in room with UV - light wall . diana 's voice she be my friend . annotation of disorder treat this way : bipolar . sleep phase disorder . nervous breakdown . doctor' voice then why do you hurt she ? her arm be break in three place . 52 . a article slip out of the folder , on age newsprint : New ' light therapy 's claim life of patient diana walter rebecca 's eye frantically skim the word on the piece -- '' skin condition '' -- '' perhaps spontaneous combustion '' -- '' leave nothing but a shadow on the wall '' and the date : 1987 . diana 's voice ( small ) she be get better . when she get better she go away . leave . a shadow slide over her in a vague humanoid form , as if something be rise behind Rebecca in the small room -- Rebecca whirl around , on edge -- wide angle : nothing be there . she 's alone . diana 's voice ( cont ’d ) so I make she stay . ext . sophie 's house - dusk the sun set , with a sliver of a crescent moon higher in the sky , among brood cloud . int . sophie 's live room - dusk the light be on . but the curtain be draw . Sophie and Martin share the couch with a bowl of popcorn between they , watch tv . Sophie wear a hat now , shield she eye from the overhead light . Martin steal a glance at he mother . noting the hat . Sophie give he a sidelong glance in return . then smile . sophie how be you do over there ? martin okay . ( then ) how be you ? 53 . sophie I be gonna be fine . I be . they watch tv some more . then : sophie ( cont 'd ) I miss you father . he be strong for I . he protect I . I think I need to feel that , sometimes . and I know you need that , too . Martin 's expression suggest he clearly do . yet : martin I be okay . ( then ) Rebecca be strong . Sophie make a sarcastic noise through she tooth . sophie she try to look the part , all that makeup and loud music . but when it get tough she abandon I . do not let she do the same to you . martin sometimes , the strongest thing to do , be to face you fear . that 's what Emma tell I . beat . Sophie look at Martin with newfound respect . smile . sophie you know what , you be right . ( get up ) be right back . Sophie cross , leave Martin on the couch . Martin grab the remote and pause the tv . the light go out . martin Mom ! Sophie be back in a breath , before Martin can stand up -- she put she hand on he shoulder . firmly . sophie it 's okay . it 's all right . 54 . Martin go from zero to sheer panic : martin what be you do -- sophie look at I . trust I . with she position between Martin and the tv , Sophie cast a long , ink - dark shadow over he that extend to the edge of the room . martin Mom , let go -- sophie a long time ago , I be friend with diana . she be different . special . from that shadow , something move . Sophie talk in a craze reverence , one part nostalgia , one part stockholm syndrome . sophie ( cont 'd ) after I leave the hospital , I think something ... tragic happen to diana . but the newspaper get it wrong , she be still here , and she finally visit I when I have a clear head again . Martin try to look back , not sure if he want to -- as the shadow extend , as if move on its own -- no , not extend ... getting closer . martin Mom please no , please please -- sophie take I another ten year to realize why she leave . it be the i it block she out , leave she all alone . and you know what ? she 's tired of be alone . Martin struggle , but Sophie remain firm . diana' shadow now loom over he ... a claw hand touch he hair ... 55 . sophie ( cont 'd ) I have be a terrible friend to she , but now she 's go to stay . Long as I keep my head clear ... and you keep the light out . martin' hand dig into the seat cushion , search -- just as jet black hair descend by Martin 's face , like the shadow be start to lean over at he -- martin' hand find its target and lift out a small , aluminum flashlight -- which he flick on straight up , under - lighting he face -- martin no ! something shriek . sophie be thrown back , spilling over the coffee table . Martin stand on the couch , hold the flashlight over he like a spot in a darken theater . his heart be racing like a marathon runner . eye wide . martin be Pov : whipping around the room , in search of diana . sophie Martin , what do you do ?! Martin race to the wall switch and turn on the light . Sophie blink at the sudden light . like a alcoholic step out from a dive bar in the morning . sophie ( cont 'd ) do not make this harder than it have to be , please -- but Martin be too terrify to talk to she now . he run to the front door , swing it open , and flee outside . int . bret 's suv - night bret drive . Rebecca ride shotgun . she place earbud in she ear . the thin cord snake down to the microcassette player . bret glance over at she . do a double take . 56 . bret the dude say not to take anything . rebecca like he 's gonna know what 's miss . Rebecca press ' play 's and stare out she window , listen to one of the tape . bret be that another session with diana ? Rebecca do not look back at bret . she watch the city light drift by she window , thumb on the player . rebecca no ... this one be my mother . she turn up the volume and start to tune out the rest of the world . slow push as she listen to the tape . we do not hear the recording , beyond the dull mono- channel pitch of that doctor 's voice in she ear ... close in on Rebecca , close she eye ... the score build as the sound of that doctor 's voice get a little clearer ... can start to make out some of it -- doctor' voice ( v.o. ) Sophie , you need to be careful around diana . she be not you friend . young sophie ( v.o. ) yes she be . she may be my only friend in here . tighter on rebecca as we can make out -- young sophie ( v.o. ) that 's all she want -- when bret 's hand enter frame , touch Rebecca : bret ( 0.s. ) hey -- int . bret 's suv - night Rebecca snap open she eye -- bret be nudging she . 57 . she stop the player and pull out the earbud . rebecca what ? bret you have a visitor . he nod at something on she side of the road . they have park out front of she apartment building . and martin be stand on she front stoop . a nervous wreck . rebecca oh , no ... int . rebecca 's kitchen - night bret search the fridge , close the door in defeat . bret you need to go shopping , girl . Rebecca and Martin be seat at she little dining table . Martin have hold of Rebecca 's hand . rebecca can you run down to the little mart on the corner ? bret yeah . I all get some snack , maybe a couple soda -- rebecca no caffeine . bret copy that . as bret breeze by , he pat Martin on the shoulder . a moment later , he 's out the door ... leave Martin with he sister . rebecca you wanna talk about it now ? martin I know you do not believe I , but diana be real . she touch my hair . Rebecca moment Rebecca between 58 . rebecca hey , hey . look at I . ( then ) I believe you . she 's real . I do not know how or why ... martin she do not like the light . let out a long breath . nod . then stand up -- later place printout of web resource on the table she and Martin . Wikipedia . webmd . rebecca here 's what I know : in 1986 , mom hit a low point with she depression and be admit to a hospital for treatment . her kind of depression be best fight with heliotherapy . ( off the boy 's look ) that 's use sunlight , or a special kind of artificial light , exposure to it for long stretch . martin I have only see she take pill . rebecca that work , too . so , when she be in the hospital , she make friend with another patient -- a extreme case . her name be diana . this get Martin 's full attention . martin she 's like Mom ? rebecca no. Mom get better and be release , but diana react to the treatment so badly she die . martin so , if diana be dead , I mean ... how can she be do this to we ? 59 . rebecca every time we mom fall off the wagon and let depression back in , diana show up . like a schism , or , I do not know ... martin how do you get rid of diana the first time ? rebecca I do not . Mom take a spill down the stair one night , spend a month in the hospital where they put she back on she med , and -- ( ding ding ding ) that 's what we do . we get she back on the wagon , diana will go away . martin diana want to stay . she will not like you try to make mom better . rebecca how do you know ? martin that 's what my dad be do . at that moment , a knocking from the front door . insistent . rebecca that 's bret , hang on . Rebecca go to she door , open it -- rebecca ( cont 'd ) I leave it unlock , silly -- but no one 's there . Rebecca look leave , right -- nothing . a even louder knocking happen from the coat closet , cause Rebecca to jump . she shut the front door and cautiously approach the coat closet . reaches for the door knob . rebecca ( cont 'd ) bret ...? from the live room Martin watch ; start to tense up . he retreat a couple of step , for Rebecca 's bedroom . 60 . rebecca get close to the door ... she can hear something on the other side . a raspy breath . sub-vocal mutter . flick on the light beside the coat closet door . the yellow light seep through the door 's crack . and in that moment , all the noise inside stop . int . rebecca 's bedroom - continuous Martin turn on the light and back from the bedroom door . all be quiet , then -- the bedroom closet door bang from someone knocking on it inside . Martin freak out . close in on the door -- hear that mutter now but more pronounce : diana 's voice never-go - away -never -go - away never-go -away-never-going -away -- Rebecca rush in , flip on the bedroom closet light , and swing open the door and -- no one 's there . it 's empty . Rebecca and Martin stare at the clothes on hangar , sway as if someone have just brush past ... pre-lap the sound of a doorbell -- ext . sophie 's house - night Sophie open the door and peer out at : Rebecca , Martin , and bret. rebecca Mom ... we need to talk . int . sophie 's dine room - night Sophie , Martin , Rebecca , and bret all sit at the dining table . you could hear a pin drop . 61 . the awkward silence last a long beat as everyone keep glance around at everyone else . it 's the cold War . Rebecca finally speak up . rebecca Mom ... tell we about diana . Sophie put down she glass of water . suspicious . sophie what be you talk about ? Martin and Rebecca glance at each other : what 's she do ? bret take a bite from a corner-store snack . try to figure out how to be supportive at a time like this . rebecca you '' friend '' diana ? Martin say she be just here a hour ago ? Sophie look from Martin to Rebecca with a guard expression . hold up she hand to shield she eye from the dining room light . her look even paler , now . sophie yes , she 's my friend ... and she want to be yours , too . Rebecca put the photo onto the table . the one she take from Sophie 's office . rebecca this the same diana you be friend with now ? yes ? sophie where do you get this ? rebecca answer my question -- sophie answer mine ! rebecca you meet she at Mulberry Hill when you get put in for depression , right ? be I right ? sophie what do it matter when we meet ? 62 . rebecca because she die a year later ! sophie that 's a lie . listen to yourself -- rebecca that 's the truth -- Sophie stand up , she chair screeching on the floor . in full '' defensive peacock '' mode . sophie what be this about ? you try to take my son away again , be that it ? with you make - up storey -- bret attempt to intervene -- bret whoa whoa , let 's all be cool -- but now voice be overlap , everyone try to get in -- rebecca I find the obituary ! all right ? sophie like that can not be fake , listen to yourself , you sound crazy -- bret this whole thing 's a little crazy -- Rebecca look down at the table , aware it 's come to this : rebecca there 's a dead woman in this house . everyone hear she . and it quiet the whole room . Rebecca look up at she mother , accuse -- rebecca ( cont 'd ) and you let she in , mom . you let she stay . every time . beat . the tension : through the roof . everyone stare at each other like it 's a mexican standoff . then ... Sophie chuckle . a small laugh . sophie I be so sorry . all this time I be worried about the wrong thing . ( more ) 63 . sophie ( cont 'd ) ( a breath ) you be not here to take Martin . you be not come back into we life . you be here to feel better about leave I . do you know how I feel , not hearing from you or see you like family should ? you know how that hurt I ? well , turn out I have be shutting out diana the same way , all this time , and I will not be that kind of person to a friend . rebecca Mom . she 's not a friend . she 's dead . Sophie lean in . look right at she . sophie sweetie ... ghost be not real . Sophie turn and walk out , up the stair . Martin stare at the pill on the table . scare . rebecca then what be she ? from the back of the house , they all hear Sophie 's bedroom door slamm shut . int . kitchen - night Rebecca , bret and Martin clean dish and toss trash . rebecca you can sleep over at my place again tonight . i’1l talk to cps about this . martin no . rebecca what do you mean ' no 's ? martin I know you have be go a long time , but she 's we mom . and she need we now , more than ever . 64 . rebecca I be not here for she , I be here for you . that 's the priority . beat . Martin take a dish and move it to the drying rack , turn he back on Rebecca . this little boy have grow up heartbreakingly fast . martin I can not just leave she . Rebecca notice . rebecca it be not safe here . Martin turn around to face she . martin it be not safe anywhere . rebecca all right . here 's what we will do . bret and I will stay over tonight . tomorrow , I 'il find some more history on diana and show it to Emma . make the case that this be a serious threat . maybe we can get mom some real help that way . okay ? martin okay . int . sophie 's live room - night the place look like someone have be a shut - in for a month . messy . that box of Paul 's clothes and other sundry be still stack . a few other eye sore . Rebecca survey the room , arm akimbo . bret and Martin stand at she side . rebecca how long do she stay in she room at night ? martin Mom ? she will not usually come out again until morning . rebecca okay . first priority , make this more of a home . 65 . series of shot the trio clean the room . - Rebecca pull the heavy curtain back and tie they . - Martin wipe down surface . - bret carry box to the garage . rebecca ( v.o. ) next , we put in some safeguard . - Rebecca duct - tape a light panel in the '' on '' position . - Martin test a flashlight and set it on a end table . - bret place a heavy piece of furniture up against a power cord plugge into a outlet . rebecca ( v.o. ) the important thing be to just be smart about it . - Rebecca set a extra box of light bulb on a counter . - Martin place another flashlight in a hallway pot plant . like it 's a handgun or a piece of contraband . - bret set he cigarette lighter next to a large candle . int . martin 's room - night Martin climb into bed . Rebecca watch from the door . rebecca bret and I will be downstairs on the sleeper sofa . okay ? martin okay . rebecca door open or close ? martin close . ( then ) wait -- Rebecca pause . martin ( cont 'd ) could you sleep in here instead ? beat . Rebecca be obviously look forward to she boyfriend . int . upstair hallway - moment later Rebecca walk past the door to the home office she check the door out of curiosity . lock . Rebecca frown . move on . int . sophie 's live room - moment later bret fluff a old pillow on the fold - out sofa do with blanket from the downstairs closet . Rebecca arrive and admire bret for a moment . rebecca you do not have to stay , you know . bret I know . rebecca Martin want I to sleep in he room tonight . bret take a breath . nod . bret yeah . he need you more than I do right now . rebecca you still stay ? bret unless you say otherwise . yeah . although it 's gonna be weird try to sleep with all the light on -- Rebecca pull he into a hug . rebecca thank you . bret be a bit surprised by she intimacy . 66 . be close to -- shut . bed . he 's make 67 . bret you can be like this around I , you know . I be not go anywhere . Rebecca look at he curiously . like she 's weigh a decision . then : rebecca bottom drawer of my dresser . bret ... what ? rebecca it 's yours . I will clear it out for you . bret seriously ? she smile and head back up . bret wait until she 's out of sight , then do a silent '' touchdown celebration '' move . int . upstair hallway - night Rebecca return to Martin 's room , but then continue to the end of the hall , to the master bedroom door . Sophie 's door . it 's shut . Rebecca get close . listen . knock . rebecca Mom ? we be stay overnight . ( beat ; silence ) see you in the morning . ( another beat ) Love you . Rebecca pull away . the door open a crack . Sophie peer out at she daughter . her eye be bloodshot and she face be wet from cry . sophie you be stay ? rebecca yeah . Sophie nod , relieved . sophie good. ( then ) I would like to maybe start over , in the morning . would ... would you grant I that ? beat . Rebecca be cautious . but hopeful . rebecca of course . sophie shake on it . she open the door further to reach out she hand . the interior of the bedroom be pitch dark . Rebecca shake hand with she mother . 68 . as she do , she frown ; something be amiss , but we do not yet know what she 's reacting to . they pull away . rebecca goodnight , mom . sophie goodnight , beck . the pajama top Sophie wear start to pull as if someone be tug it from behind , coax she back in . Rebecca do not see it . she 's distract ... as she get to Martin 's bedroom , she look down . in her hand be a slip of paper , hand to she by Sophie . she unfold it to read : '' I need help . '' written hastily . Rebecca look back down the hall . worried . because she 's start to think of mom not as a opponent , but as a victim . 69 . int . upstair bathroom - moment later Rebecca turn on the light and immediately go to the medicine cabinet . fling it open , dig around the shelf , check bottle , get more and more frustrated -- rebecca c'mon , c’mon ... finally she exhaust the selection of otc and prescription bottle in the cabinet and look around the bathroom in desperation . her attention be draw to the small trash bin , by the toilet . Rebecca reach in and pull out a narrow pill bottle . empty . she read the prescription on the side , and -- rebecca ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) shit ... the bottle be miss its white lid . overhead , the bathroom light begin to flicker and buzz . Rebecca keep the pill bottle and back out of the room , suddenly nervous , as if she be be watch . int . martin 's room - night Rebecca join Martin under the cover . put a hand on Martin 's shoulder so he know she 's there . the bedside lamp be on , plus two large candle on the nightstand on either side of the bed . she close she eye . Martin be still awake . martin ( beat ) Rebecca ? rebecca hmm ? martin do you find she vitamin ? rebecca no . but we will figure something out . 70 . martin you think so ? Rebecca open she eye . stare at the ceiling . rebecca heliotherapy work , too . we will get she out in the sun tomorrow . go to the beach , maybe . martin that sound nice ... rebecca ( softer ) get some sleep . he close he eye , but she linger on that last question . pressing in on Rebecca , as she drift to sleep ... int . martin 's room - night only a night - light on the far wall shed light in the room now . and the decor be different ; girly . doll and pink . in the bed be young rebecca , maybe eight year old , huddle under the cover . she 's be cry . she stare at : a photo of she father victor stand with she , hold a pair of fishing rod . Father and daughter out play . close on rebecca , break out of she memory when she hear the clicking of toenail on the hardwood floor . she hold she breath . terrify . the mattress sink under the weight of something new . pushing in closer on Rebecca 's face , as ... Black hair descend near Rebecca 's ear -- that 's all we see of diana , but then : diana 's voice be my friend ... it 's a gravelly version of the voice we hear on the micro - cassette recording . Young Rebecca be too scared to scream . as if in a nightmare . 71 . and with that , diana start to crawl into bed with rebecca , pull the cover on the far side of the bed . Rebecca close she eye even tighter than before and open she mouth to scream -- int . martin 's room - night and Rebecca wake with a start . sit up . it be just a nightmare . or a memory . before it be Martin 's room it be hers , and she 's back again . Martin sleep soundly next to she . Rebecca calm down . somewhere in the bowel of the house -- a distant clap . and immediately after , the power go out . only the two candle burn in Martin 's room . rebecca ( sotto ) shit ... Rebecca grab a commercial - grade flashlight from she side of the bed , click it on , and slip out . int . sophie 's live room - moment later Rebecca descend the stair and enter the room , say in a stage - whisper : rebecca bret ! wake up -- she sweep the light over the sofa-bed ... bret be not there . rebecca ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) shit . shit shit shit . she move for the downstairs hallway . int . basement - moment later from the utter darkness , a door open and Rebecca stand in silhouette at the threshold . 72 . she shine the beam downstairs . the step be more like a ladder ; steep . more box on the floor and on metal shelving down here . Old furniture . seasonal junk for the lawn ... and , on a load - bear post : the house 's circuit breaker BOX . Rebecca descend the precarious step . she advance for the box . as she do , shadow seem to bounce around the room . it make she paranoid . she keep glance behind she . at the box , she pries open the lid and shine the light at the breaker switch . they all seem to be in the proper position . rebecca c'mon , c’mon ... she begin flipping switch back and forth . she glance back at the door for sign of power -- and a silhouette now stand in the threshold . Rebecca nearly scream , but recover quickly enough to swing the flashlight beam at it -- revealing it 's martin with a candle in the hall . martin what be you do ? rebecca the power go out . I be try to restart it -- Martin set the candle on the top step in the doorway . martin keep the light on I -- rebecca what be you do ? Martin descend and hurry to she side . martin do not leave I alone again . 73. rebecca ( terse ) okay . martin please . rebecca ( soften ) all right . she return to the circuit breaker switch . rebecca ( cont 'd ) nothing be work . martin what else could it be ? Rebecca think . something sinister occur to she ... rebecca ... a trap . the soft sound of a short , quick breath come from upstairs --— and Martin 's candle snuff out . Rebecca look up that way -- diana' silhouette stand at the basement door . Rebecca grab the flashlight and wheel it around but -- the door slam shut and lock from the other side . rebecca ( cont 'd ) no -- no . she hurry up the step . Martin begin to fall into darkness , since she 's take the flashlight with she -- martin wait up -- he hurry to keep up with she . the two reach the top step and try the door . no go . Rebecca shoulder against it . wo not budge . partly because she have to be on the step , and can not get much leverage or room to charge the door . 74 . rebecca come on ! ( bang on door ) hey . someone ! OPEN up ! ext . sophie 's house - night bret stand on the front lawn with he own flashlight , look down the street . the whole block be out . bret curse under he breath . int . sophie 's live room - night bret enter from the front door and immediately hear dull thumping from down the hall . he stop in he track . he then hear Rebecca 's mute cry -- and he kick back into gear again . bret becca ? int . downstair hall - moment later bret advance for the hall , shine he light down ahead of he rather carelessly . he see the basement door ( build much like a door to a garage ) rattling in its frame as Rebecca pound on it from the other side . bret becca be that you ? rebecca ( 0.s. ) bret ! get we out ! bret what be -- okay hang on -- bret reach for the doorknob to try it -- but then something distract he down the hall . int . basement Rebecca and Martin get quiet . 75 . rebecca bret ? bret ( 0.s. ) hang on . ( beat ) Mrs. Wells ? int . downstair hall bret squint down the hall at : diana' silhouette . statuesque . that same wild , ratty hair . as tall as he be . bret what 's go on here ? he point he flashlight down the hall -- and like a mirage , diana vanish soon as the beam hit the space where we see she . bret frown . rebecca ( 0.s. ) ( mute ) bret ! listen to I ! keep in the light ! bret lower the beam ... and diana 's shadow be closer . halfway to he now . bret jump out of he skin , and pull the flashlight back to shine down the hall -- and she 's go again . rebecca ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) do not have just one -- she will get around you ! panicked , bret swing around , check behind he , toward the front of the house -- no one there . he swing back -- the hall be empty . he hold the flashlight up high -- 76 . swing down hard on the knob . clannng . he hold it up again -- and something grab he arm , yanking he out of frame -- int . sophie 's live room --hurtling he to the floor of the live room as if he be a child 's toy . the flashlight land on the hallway floor , its light gutter like a candle about to be snuffed . the flash give the hallway a '' strobe '' effect . bret have wrench he shoulder but he start to get up -- and then he see she . the silhouette advance for he in fit of speed , backlit by the sputtering flashlight in the hall -- bret scramble and pull up he cell phone point the screen out and shine it in front of he , like a talisman . diana be go again . rebecca ( 0.s. ) ( muffle ) bret ! bret be hyperventilate as he stand . scare out of he mind . it do not make sense to he . the phone 's paltry ambient screen - light barely illuminate four foot in front of he . and it 's the passcode screen . bret hear footfall on the floor -- to he leave -- but he can not see that far into the live room . then to he right -- still nothing . then he hear it : raspy breathing . like it 's right there . rebecca ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ( distant ) bret ! come here ! 77 . diana 's voice ( imitate Rebecca ) come here . the passcode screen go dark again -- and diana be right in front of he . even this close , she appear almost two - dimensional until -- bret be strike across the face -- and he stumble backward over a end table , spilling near the front foyer . the phone land on the floor , face down . a tiny halo of refresh light from the screen . some dark foot smashes it , and the light go out . bret get up again , bleed from the face , and he run as fast as he fuck can for the front door . ext . sophie 's house out the front he go , fling the door behind he -- and stumbling on the porch step . no -- worse . like something have hold of one leg . it 's outside . it should feel safe . but the blackout be along the entire block , and the new moon make this world anything but safe and well - light . close on bret his lip be bloody from hit it when he fall . more blood flow from gashes on he face and neck . he fumble for he car key . get up once more . the key fob be in he hand now but -- wide angle from across the street . a dark figure , so dark it 's as if it be make of nothing , grab bret by the neck and lift he off he feet with one arm . he struggle , leg flail , arm raise -- and then he press the ' unlock 's button on the key fob -- 78 . and he suv 's headlight suddenly shine on the front of the house and in that very same breath -- bret seem suspend in midair by nothing , and promptly fall back to the front lawn . back to bret gasp for air . terrify and confuse . he 's in fight - or-flight and flight have win . bret rush for he suv , climb in , mash the dome light , and start it up . int . basement - that moment Rebecca and Martin be still huddle by the door . strain to listen . they hear the suv engine start . and then the sound of the vehicle peel out and away . Rebecca 's heart sink . martin be he leave ? rebecca no. he would not ... he would not do that , would he ? the reality set in : they be alone in the basement . with a monster in the house . martin you do . he 's eight year old , he do not say it to be mean , he say it matter - of - factly ; it make sense to he . Rebecca 's be strong up until now , but the significance of that hit she so hard , she struggle not to cry . the commercial - grade flashlight flicker . once. twice . both of they tense up . rebecca oh no , do not die on I -- martin I forget to tell you , the big one be battery hog . 79 . she snap out of she heartbreak , take a breath for courage , and get back into problem - solving mode . rebecca let 's make some other light . int . upstair hallway - night Sophie open she door , emerge from the master bedroom and the white noise of a air purifier . sophie Rebecca ? hello ? Sophie see Martin 's door open . step to the threshold ... no one 's there . Sophie try the light switch -- nothing . she tense . sophie ( cont 'd ) Martin ? distant noise from deep within the house , below : the sound of Rebecca and Martin scavenge in the basement . sophie ( cont 'd ) diana , where be you ? a creak from the bedroom , and Sophie see she -- the familiar silhouette stand inside the master bedroom door . she 's taller than ever , now . like she 's get bigger . Sophie be scared , but find she anger and approach , challenging the shadow : sophie ( cont 'd ) I tell you not to bother my kid . diana step aside as Sophie get close , vanish behind the door so that when Sophie enter , she shut the door to confront diana but -- no one 's there . sophie ( cont 'd ) diana ? we be not through , here . ( then ) do not make I punish you ! the bedroom doorknob lock by itself ... then -- 80 . diana grab Sophie from behind and throws she against a wall -- -- where Sophie crash into a bureau and collapse to the floor , unconscious . int . basement - night Fire flicker from gas tub . we be in : a iron '' fireplace '' stove with a large ventilation pipe . at one time , before central air / heating be a thing , this basement be keep warm with this wood - burn heater . but now there be no wood . it have not be use in year . Rebecca shove crinkle newspaper into the mouth of the thing , and the flame catch it , offer the room some fleeting warm light . behind Rebecca , Martin hold the weaken flashlight . martin Rebecca ... rebecca I know . martin hurry . rebecca I know ! Rebecca start scavenge for whatever she can find . she grab a cardboard box 's lid . and then from the box , a old stuff animal miss one button -eye . and a stack of yellow magazine . all of it go into the stove 's mouth . the junk do not catch fire right away . Martin hear something in the dark : clicking toenail . scurry sound from somewhere . he sweep the flashlight around . its beam have narrow . 81 . diana 's voice ( sing -song ) maaaaartin ... Martin tense . Rebecca blow on the fire . put she hand in and grab some burn newsprint to try and spread it . the flashlight flicker . Martin try to keep it everywhere at once . all he succeed in do be make the shadow in the room dance and sway . the plastic , four-foot - tall '' wise man '' figure trotted out for the lawn in December continue to cast humanoid shadow on the wall . Martin keep he focus on they . from directly above he ... matte jet-black hair descend , like she 's perch on the rafter above he -- diana 's voice ( cont ’d ) ( sotto ) brush you hair -- Martin freak and point the flashlight directly up -- and , like flashlight with battery in the handle , it cause the light to nearly go out , flicker -- Martin back up , but just in the nick of time -- the stuffed animal in the stove catch fire . wide angle the corner of the room by the stove be saturate in the glow of the fire . Rebecca do it . Martin sit down , already exhaust . rebecca that will not last more than a few minute . we need to find more stuff to burn . int . basement - moment later Rebecca and Martin dig through box . 82 . anything deem burnable get toss in a pile near the stove . Martin 's lack of sleep be catch up with he . fatigue be set in . rebecca ( be : she file box ) Mom save she tax form from ten year ago . she 's still get receipt in here . Rebecca put a stuff folder of papers on the pile . martin how long be we gonna stay in here ? rebecca I do not know . martin there be not any window . rebecca I be work on a plan . beat . martin I be not much good to you . rebecca you be do great . feed the fire for a while . Martin do so . Rebecca scoot a new file box from one shelf and sit down with it by the stove . on the side : the box be label '' rebecca . '' rebecca ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? my old clothes ? she open it . Inside : a lone shoe BOX . Rebecca pull this out and open this . she lift out a set of develop photograph . go through they , curious . 83 . the photo : birthday cake , all take on the dining table upstairs . sixteen candle . seventeen . then eighteen . rebecca ( cont 'd ) she make birthday cake ? martin every year , on you birthday . rebecca but , I be in San Diego that year . Mom know that . martin she make they anyway . we sing the song for you . this be news to Rebecca . she pull out the other material in the shoe box ... letter . fold into personal envelope . unmail . each with date on the front . rebecca she write I letter ? Rebecca open one . unfold the paper . Martin glance at they , then return to feed the fire . martin yeah . she do that a lot . Rebecca read one . aside from a quick look over she shoulder at the handwritten letter on line paper , we do not see the content . we just see Rebecca 's face as she read . whatever be in the content , it affect she deeply . by page two , she start to tremble . by page three , she 's in tear . at the end , she sniff , wipe she eye , and stuff the letter back in its envelope . it 's one of maybe a dozen . gently , as if it be a newborn infant , Rebecca place the shoe box back in the larger file box . Martin watch . 84 . martin ( cont 'd ) what do it say ? Rebecca let out a breath . do not directly answer he question , but look he in the eye to say : rebecca we be go to help mom . I will find a way to get rid of diana . the fire crackle . Martin nod at he sister , then get the energy to grab another box from the other side of the stove . this one be mark ' halloween . 's as he dig through it , Rebecca put a protective hand on the file box contain she mother 's letter to she . martin ( 0.s. ) hey , I find a flashlight . she look over to see Martin have a rectangular light tube . martin ( cont 'd ) or something . he turn it on -- its battery work . but it cast a cold blue / green glow on Martin . rebecca that 's a black light . ( beat ) but a light 's a light . he hand it to she . she shine it around . rebecca ( cont 'd ) still get some juice . Rebecca take a breath , steel she nerve , and advance for another corner of the basement . the black light cast a deep blue hue over all the store junk in this space . Rebecca move from the fire . one step at a time . Martin watch , scared and exhaust all at once . martin where be you go ? 85 . rebecca to take inventory . with the glove of the amber fire at she back , and the blue glow in front of she , Rebecca navigate the nest of shelving and box . somewhere in the dark , the sound of scurrying foot . Rebecca tense . she move for the next aisle . the black light reveal foot print on the floor -- and occasional hand print on other item . Rebecca look down to see the want glow of a similar hand print on her own shirt sleeve . like a mark of ownership . freak , Rebecca rub the sleeve to smear the print . in move she arm with the black light , she reveal -- handwriting on a far wall . just a faint glimpse of it . invisible without the black light . Rebecca venture toward it , past a shelf , hold the light up to get a closer look ... ..+. the wall be cover in diana 's scrawle write . like the journal of a prisoner of war . just a taste of the blanket of run - on sentence write over the course of year -- can hear they around I upstair talhing laughing no way nno way out trapped just like the hospital just like father always in the basement forget about diana no one like you but sophie doe sophie did she let I out she miss her child pretty child pretty doll | just want to be you friend it 's enough to freak Rebecca out . she turn away from it . at the other end of the shelf , among other junk : the black light illuminate a gardening spade with a long wooden grip . a weapon . potentially . makeshift , but still . more scurrying in the dark . this time to she right . Rebecca shine the black light into a darken corner where a rack of clothes hang -- leftover inventory from one of Paul 's year at the shop . 86 . but wait . there 's a humanoid figure stand there too -- stand and stare at we in the blue-tint darkness . Wild , long hair . eye that shine like a cat 's . and tooth that glow in the black light . eye and tooth . she 's so still she look like a Halloween lawn - scarecrow but -- then she move , back out of sight and we realize holy shit yes that be diana . Rebecca nearly jump out of she skin-- she hurry for the gardening spade at the end of the aisle -- look back -- more scurrying sound -- where be that monster now -- Rebecca get to the end and grab the wooden handle . the spade be laid lengthwise on the shelf , so the metal shovel end stick out the other side , on the other aisle . she start to pull it away -- and it stick . like it 's hang up on something . Rebecca shine the light to see what 's catch it -- and the black light shine right in diana 's face on the other side of the aisle . it 's only visible for a dozen frame of the film , but she mouth be distort ; bigger than a human 's mouth , and full of crooked tooth . her eye be milky like they have cataract . and she hiss at Rebecca . rebecca ( cont 'd ) no ! Rebecca fall back , still clutching the spade in one hand , crash against another shelf , toppling it -- scramble to escape , to find that black light -- shit , she drop that -- scurry sound again -- Rebecca reach for the black light -- 87 . but then a bare arm black as a oil slick slam down on she , snaring she wrist , in the glow of the black light -- diana 's matte , black hair suddenly sink close to Rebecca 's face -- and then a weak flashlight beam land on diana 's arm -- and in a inhuman screech , diana be go faster than a jump spider . martin step close , hold the big flashlight as it sputter out again . martin come on ! Rebecca grab the black light , the spade , and they move back to the corner with the fireplace . she take a breath . Martin gut the flashlight 's battery and switch they around . martin ( cont 'd ) sometimes this give you a little more juice . rebecca I see she . I get a clear look at she . ( hold black light ) she do not disappear in this light . she 's real . martin so ? rebecca so , if I can see she , at least I know where she be . I can keep she from vanish . ( point at flashlight ) and with that thing , maybe I can even hurt she . she heft the gardening spade like a short spear . heavy footfall overhead . someone thumping around upstairs . Martin and Rebecca both look up . 88 . martin what be she do now ? Rebecca do not answer right away ; she do not know . then : something echoe inside the stove 's piping . another loud whump as something wet land in the stove 's fire immediately snuffing it out . martin ( cont 'd ) now what ? Rebecca stare at the ceiling for a beat . smoke begin to fill the light space where they be huddle . rebecca Mom ! ! int . sophie 's bedroom - night Sophie be still unconscious on the floor . unresponsive . rebecca ( 0.s. ) ( distant ) mommmm ! int . basement - that moment Rebecca and Martin keep calling until Martin 's flashlight start sputtering out again . all that 's leave be Rebecca 's black light . she pull she brother close , and they back into a corner . his eye be wide with fear . martin be we go to die ? rebecca no . we be fighter . she hold onto he . try to give he a brave face . but honestly , she do not know what to do next . and then , in the distance : the sound of siren . Rebecca perk up . suddenly hopeful . 89 . ext . residential STREET - night a lapd squad car come tear down the street . as it approach , half a block before Sophie 's house , the siren be shut off , and it run only with the light . tailing the squad car : bret 's suv . the cop pull to the curb outside Sophie 's house . bret 's suv skid to a halt , nearly rear-end the squad car . bret climb out , leave he headlight on . he still look bloody , he shirt stain with it . someone attempt to bandage he neck but it 's clear he leave before they could finish the job . now that he 's back , bret do not take he eye off the house . two lapd officer get out of the squad car . one male , one female . both cool , calm , and collect . the male be officer form ; 30 , tall , African - american . the female be officer gomez ; early 30 , muscular , two stripe on she uniform indicate she 's the senior officer . bret 's already point and talk -- bret she 's in there , my girlfriend and she family -- officer gomez Sir , please return to you car , you need to get to the hospital -- bret listen to I , you need flashlight . officer form get back in you car , sir . Said loudly . bret back up . but notice he 's not quite in the light of he suv 's beam , and take a side - step into they . the two officer approach the house . its front door remain partly open . Officer Gomez speak into she shoulder radio handset : 90 . officer gomez unit eighty - one , we be at the marigold house , power grid be out . over . Officer form look back at he partner when they get to the door , then get he flashlight out and knock on the door . officer form lapd . anyone home ? the door open from he knock . he shine the light into the live room . overturn furniture from the attack on bret give the place the look of a war zone . officer form ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) hello ? rebecca ( 0.s. ) ( muffle ) help ! the officer hear that . they go inside . int . downstair hall - moment later the officer reach the hall with the door to the basement . officer gomez lapd , we be respond to a domestic disturbance ? rebecca ( 0.s. ) in here ! Officer form spring into action and kick the door . it do not give on the first kick , so he go again -- officer gomez ( into radio ) unit eighty - one , possible fire at residence , alert lafd -- boom ! the door be kick in . Officer form shine the light down the stair at -- Rebecca and Martin , who remain in the corner , Rebecca still hold she gardening spade . 91 . a thin veil of smoke displace from the stove hang in the room , creep out into the hall . like a residual fog . officer form you okay ? down the hall , diana 's silhouette appear . Gomez notice . put a hand on she partner 's shoulder -- form see she -- officer form ( cont 'd ) ma’ be ? he shine the light down the hall -- but diana be go . Officer form draw he sidearm and advance down the hall with the flashlight before he . Officer Gomez stay at the door where she can keep sight of she partner and call down to Rebecca -- officer gomez can you move ? Rebecca grab Martin and move up the stair , say : rebecca keep the light on we ! int . sophie 's bedroom - that moment Sophie get up , a trickle of blood mark a path on she head from where she be throw . she set upon the door to the hall , determine . it 's lodge , somehow . can not open . so she start bashing the door with whatever she can find . sophie diana ! you hurt my child and we be never speak again ! whang ! she start to dislodge the doorknob . whang ! again , weaken the door . 92 . int . downstair hall the upstairs sound be mute down here with all the chaos . at the end of the hall , Officer form look for where the figure disappear . officer form show yourself ! back with gomez , she see she partner check down one part of the family room where the hallway end -- and then that silhouette attack from behind , pull he out of Gomez 's view -- but it 's so quick , neither have time to react -- int . family room Officer form crash hard on a card table -- his flashlight rest on the floor by the hall -- and diana stand before he . menace . we can not see that insane face but we know it 's there ; we can hear she raspy breath through that too-big mouth ... Officer form raise he sidearm -- officer form back off ! but she take a step toward he -- blam ! he fire -- and in the muzzle flash from the Glock she disappear -- but a fraction of a second later , the moment the flash dissipate , she 's a step closer -- he fire again -- to the same effect -- int . downstair hall Gomez hear she partner fire once , then twice , then a third time before he wail in agony out of view -- officer gomez Andrew ! ( into handset ) eleven ninety - nine ! get I backup ! 93 . Gomez have she gun draw . flashlight in the other hand . try to control she breathe . Rebecca and Martin huddle close to the Officer . footstep from elsewhere in the house . the sound bounce around -- upstairs , in the basement , like someone play a game with they . Gomez be taut as a wire , change the grip on she Glock . officer gomez ( cont ’d ) how many be there ? rebecca use this . you will not see she otherwise . Rebecca offer the black light . but Gomez instead move for the back room where she partner be last see . Rebecca check on Martin . rebecca ( cont 'd ) you okay ? Martin nod weakly . rebecca ( cont 'd ) we be get out -- now -- Martin hold onto Rebecca with plead eye . martin Mom . rebecca we will find she too . a cut -off scream from Gomez in the dark . Close by . but then a battery - operate smoke detector begin wailing , drown out all other sound , like a nail - bite soundtrack . Rebecca look for she and see a silhouette approach from down the hall . the smoke thin , revealing it 's gomez , staggering back ... but she 's be hold up . like a puppet . and then she fall . collapsing in a lifeless heap a dozen foot from Rebecca ... 94 . but she silhouette remains stand -- diana . diana be she puppeteer , behind Gomez like a physical shadow . Rebecca , wide - eye with fear , grab hold of Martin and start crawl away from diana , hold out the black light -- diana 's arm move like a snake strike and knock the light out of Rebecca 's hand -- and it smashes against the wall , the bulb shatter . Rebecca turn and push Martin for the door -- rebecca ( cont 'd ) go! and he run , but she do not get far : diana grab Rebecca by the neck and shove she to the floor . pitch -black claw hand encircle Rebecca 's throat . she can not breathe . struggle against diana , fist pound and leg buck , but it 's like fight a onyx statue . Martin return , in a panic -- martin stop it ! -- and he 's backhand , throw back . diana 's attention return to Rebecca . choke the life out of she . that black hair dangle in Rebecca 's face . and then : sophie ( 0.s. ) I tell you . sophie stand in the room , point one of the Officer 's handgun at diana . go be the manic woman we know . stand here , leg slightly apart , be a woman of pure determination . sophie ( cont 'd ) you do not hurt my kid . diana 's voice they will not let I be you friend . Sophie fire -- but we know the result : diana blink out of existence for that moment of muzzle - blast -- 95 . Rebecca suck in a breath for a second before diana return and immediately clamp down on she neck . diana 's voice ( cont ’d ) that will not hurt I ... and then Sophie put the gun to she own head . sophie this will . ( then ) my daughter be right . I let you in . I let you stay . you be here because of I . this get diana 's attention . her chokehold on Rebecca ease up , just enough for Rebecca to croak out the word -- rebecca Mom -- what be you do -- close on sophie : a tear streak down she cheek , but she say with conviction : sophie save you life . back on rebecca : at the sound of a single gunshot that cause diana to vanish in mid-screech . Rebecca sit up , cough . but can not take she eye off : her mother 's body . in a heap on the floor . Dead . eye welling with tear , she crawl to Sophie . rebecca no ... Martin come to and see the aftermath . martin Mom ? Mom ... wide angle from outside look in through the bay window , two small figure ( Rebecca and Martin ) huddle over they dead mother . they body shudder from sudden grief . and then Rebecca raise she head and we see the silent wail of raw pain . 96 . wider still a bird 's eye view of the block shroud in darkness ... and then the power be restore . Street lamp awaken . dissolve to : int . sophie 's live room - night paramedics hoist up the gurney , lock its wheel in place . Sophie 's body now rest under a sheet on it . Rebecca stand back , watch they carry out she mother 's body while the light of emergency vehicle flare across the interior of the room through the window . a beat . Rebecca look down at the floor where Sophie 's body have be moment ago . a shadow remain on the spot . darken the wood . in the exact pose as Sophie . Rebecca stare . fist clench . more angry than scared now . slowly , the shadow evaporate before we eye . and then it 's go . and Rebecca un - clenches she fist . ext . residential STREET - night later still . Rebecca and Martin sit on the back bumper of a park ambulance . both of they be wrap in blanket . they look utterly spend . bret approach . a little worse for wear , but with bottle of water for they . Rebecca scoot over so he can sit with they . for a beat they simply lean on each other . then , Rebecca nudge bret . rebecca I think it be too much for you , and you run off . but you come back . bret of course . 97 . Rebecca look at Martin , who gaze up at she like a lose puppy . unsure of he future . rebecca ( to Martin ) so do I . and I be here to stay . Martin hold onto he sister . two paramedics load Sophie into a ambulance , the body cover in a white sheet . the mood turn sad once more . especially for Martin , who look hollow - out by this loss . his one remain hope : martin be diana finally go ? close on rebecca , find she strength again . use a damp towel from the ambulance , she wipe off she mascara . no more hide behind a warrior 's mask . the warrior be here . rebecca she better be . pulling back for one last view of the neighborhood ... fade to black . fade up on : ext . rebecca 's apartment build - evening sundown . one week later . Rebecca , bret , and Martin march up the step to she front door . they be all dress in black . int . rebecca' live room - evening a slow pan around the place -- it look remarkably different from the last time we see it . go be the heavy metal poster , save for one that show the ascension of a valkyrie to asgard . the place be clean up . reorganize . some new furniture . or some adopt from Sophie 's house . the three tired mourner settle in for the night as they step in from the front stoop . 98 . rebecca okay , little man , you get school tomorrow , so let 's get you prepped for the morning . martin I get it . rebecca well then , show I so I know what '' get it '' look like . Martin nod and move off for the back room . bret stay with Rebecca . put a hand on she . bret it will work out . rebecca will it ? int . rebecca 's kitchen - night bret make a sandwich at the counter . Rebecca join he . she 's now dress down in sweat , she hair tie behind she . somewhere from the live room , the soft sound of the tv . rebecca he like the triangle cut . bret I know . rebecca and the crust be okay . bret ( grin ) I know . Rebecca pace . bret offer she a slice of cheese . she take it . rebecca what if -- bret no sense worry . 99 . the doorbell ring . Rebecca and bret trade look . expectant . clearly Rebecca 's be wait for this . int . rebecca 's live room - moment later she open the door to reveal emma at she stoop . with a envelope in she hand . rebecca ( beat ) hey. Emma smile . hand she the envelope . rebecca ( cont 'd ) do they ...? emma understand , it 's not a formal adoption . but yes . you be now a foster parent . Rebecca jump a little and then relax . rebecca thank you so much . emma well , you be the one who do the work and -- oh ! Rebecca pull Emma into a big , earnest hug . moment later Rebecca close the door and turn around , smile -- to find Martin and bret wait like two pet . bret well ? rebecca we be a family ! Martin smile . bret I know it ! we be celebrate . 100 . martin popcorn and movie ? rebecca not so fast , school boy . martin awww . rebecca c'mon , time for bed . ext . rebecca 's apartment build - night later . the neon sign wink by they bedroom window ... but the interior light now extinguish . it 's bedtime . int . rebecca 's live room - night later . the middle of the night . a lone night light shine in this room , illuminate the sofa bed where Martin sleep ... except he 's not asleep . he 's sit up . and he eye be squinting at the brightness of the night light . he hold up he pale arm to protect he from it . Martin then crawl to the coffee table against the edge of the bed and place something on it . as a gift . a offer . it 's he mother 's hairbrush . int . rebecca 's bedroom - night Rebecca and bret sleep together in she bed . this room have be redone as well . not to the point Rebecca have lose she personality , just ... mature a step . and also , some of bret 's stuff be here . include a electric guitar in the corner and a cloth - cover rig that look like it might be a homemade amplifier . night light illuminate this room , too . there 's at least one in every room , actually . the digital clock flicker at 1:57am . precisely that time . and then -- 101 . power cut out . the whole place go dark . close in on Rebecca , asleep . press closer . closer . a faint scratching sound creep in . enough to wake she . she blink . look around . and fear set in . the scratch continue . Rebecca look toward the door -- drenched in darkness . but in that dark ... be ... be that a hunch - over figure ? Rebecca be almost afraid to speak at it . but then -- rebecca Martin ? the scratching stop suddenly . Rebecca nudge bret by she side . bret stir . sit up . bret hmm ? rebecca ( sotto ) emergency plan . this wake he up in a heartbeat . he reach for the shelf by he side of the bed -- -- and the silhouette of a arm from under the bed catch he in its grasp inches before bret can grab a flashlight -- bret beck --! and then he 's yanked off the bed -- slam into the dresser . out cold . Rebecca pull something from she nightstand drawer -- be it another flashlight ? no . it 's a road flare . which she crack -- 102 . suddenly casting the entire room in a fiery red glow . rebecca bret ! bret be unresponsive . but there 's no sign of diana now . scurry from the live room . it draw she attention . Rebecca open a nightstand drawer on she side and reach in . Inside : one item . a fucking machete . with knife in one hand and sparking flare in the other , Rebecca venture for the live room . rebecca ( cont 'd ) Martin ? sound off ! martin ( 0.s. ) ( beat ) I be here ... Rebecca get to the threshold and then she hear : martin ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) she say it 's all right ... with a fresh fear , she step into -- int . rebecca 's live room -- and the red glow of the flare show Martin on the edge of the sofa bed , position as if he be just look at something in the dark space underneath . he 's be cry . but now he 's not . martin you do not need that this time . indicating the flare in she hand . he say it too calmly . why be not he scared out of he mind ? it take Rebecca a beat to find she voice . rebecca Martin . what be you say . martin she can talk to mom . she 's here to protect I . 103 . rebecca '' protect '' you ... from what ? a hoarse whisper from underneath Martin 's sofa -bed , which Martin seem to hear clear as day . martin anything . rebecca Martin , look at I . you do not need this . you do not need she ! martin rebecca she can talk to mom -- that 's a lie -- martin she will not go away , please , this be the only way to survive ! he say it so desperately , try so hard to make Rebecca go along with it , now it 's clear what Martin be do . he 's just as break as he mother . rebecca there 's a better way . she 's not real , you hear I ? and we can not let she become real . listen -- something scurries in the kitchen . Rebecca whirl around with the flare , try to see in . no sign . of anything . shadows throw leave and right . diana 's voice ( 0.s. ) beckss ... from one corner . then , a slightly different intonation : diana 's voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( lower pitch ) beckss ... from somewhere else . play with Rebecca . martin please , do not make she mad ... and then from the bedroom : bret 's voice ( 0.s. ) beck ? 104 . rebecca bret ? she start back for she bedroom but stop -- she flare be the only light source here . if she leave , Martin be back in total darkness again . Rebecca go to Martin and hand he the flare . rebecca ( cont 'd ) here . hold onto this at the base . okay ? I 'il be right back . martin what be you go to use ? Rebecca hold up the machete to show he a personal addition to one side of the blade : a compact pen light , tape in place . she click it on -- it 's black light . int . rebecca 's bedroom - moment later Rebecca enter , hold knife with white knuckle . rebecca bret ? in the weak , bluish light , she find bret 's body still pass out at the foot of the dresser . it be not bret . diana 's silhouette strike from behind -- and Rebecca fall hard , hair already matte with she own blood . the machete skitter off to the corner by the guitar . Rebecca try to get up -- but diana 's silhouette strike she again and Rebecca 's ear get a nasty gash . Rebecca crawl for the part of the room where the machete lie , tauntingly close ... tight on rebecca 's bloody face . a heavy weight descend on she . pin she . it hurt . 105 . her hand struggle to reach for the direction of the machete , by the power supply to the homemade amp . diana 's hair drift down by Rebecca 's face . she reach again . the knife be a good foot away . diana 's voice I just want to be you friend ... rebecca ( disgust ) you be dead . her hand touch the power supply . and now we see the label on the thing . it 's a battery pack . with a old - school radio switch . diana dig into Rebecca 's flesh , whisper : diana 's voice you can not run away this time . Rebecca turn onto she back , to face diana -- rebecca neither can you , bitch . and she flip the switch . it 's not a amplifier . it 's a lighting rig . vrrrrm -- first a set of heavy - duty black light clack on -- and diana be exposed as the demonic-look woman atop Rebecca in the darken bedroom . her wick grin vanish when she look up at the rig -- just in time to see the second set of light power on -- bright floodlights like a set of high - beam . diana scream in agony -- from a low angle behind her , the silhouette now make flesh by the black light be turned to ash by the flood light . she dissolves and blow away like powder in a stiff breeze . Rebecca take a breath . two . props up on she elbow . look around . 106 . bret moan and begin to wake . then , the power return . light flicker back on . and Rebecca remain drench in the hard light of the custom lighting rig -- obviously part of the emergency plan . she 's bloody from the fight . but she ignore it for now . rebecca ( cont 'd ) Martin ? Martin step in from the hall . squint at the light . martin be she go ? Rebecca see the ash around she . rebecca yeah . Martin rush to she . Rebecca sit up to hug he . still in the embrace , he ask a follow - up : martin for good ? beat . Rebecca look around . still hold he . rebecca I think so . ( then ) and if not , we will be stronger next time . you know why ? Martin stare at one of the poster still on the bedroom wall : one depict a fearsome warrior in some fantasy set , battle goblin with a torch and sword . martin because we be fighter . Rebecca smile . a survivor 's smile . look straight ahead : rebecca that 's right . hard slam to black . the end .