limbus production , Inc. p.o. box 211447 auke Bay , AK 99821 ( 907 ) 789-5830 limbo screenplay by John sayle White revision 8 /5/98 White revision 7/6/98 final draft 6/4/98 o / 4/95 int / ext salmon ladder - day open credit play over slow-motion footage of salmon , beat to hell by they long journey , struggle mightily to throw they body up the step of a industrial salmon ladder . spawner struggle , rest , and in some case , die , on every side . we we hear a int / ext various shot superimpose the title - limbo voice intone a poetic travelogue - albright ( v.o. ) welcome to America 's last Frontier . as the rap continue we cross - CUT bétween travelogue - style shot of a enormous tour boat discharge its passengers into the dockside shopping area of Port Henry , Alaska , and salmon be sort , clean , gut , process and can by worker in a large cannery - the voice albright ( v.o. ) where the final , lumber remnant of the Ice Age , the massive and awe - inspiring glacier , calve cathedral - size iceberg into the sea . where nature 's bouncy unfold in a panoply of flora and fauna the like which be see nowhere else on the planet . from the ocean depth plumbe by ageless cetacean to azure sky where the mighty eagle soar , this land abound with creature great and small , strange and majestic . it be a land steepe in tradition , its mist redolent of the hardy soul of man who have go to sea- tlingit and haida , inuit and aleut , Russian and norwegian - they language and deed linger on in the name of we countless island and passageway . a land that for century have lift its siren call to the bold and adventurous , to man and woman willing to risk they life for the promise of untold fortune , be it from fur or fin , from the Heaven -point spire of old - growth spruce or from the bury treasure of yellow gold or black , energy - rich petroleum . cross fade with another rougher , more ironic voice - ' albright and harm a land visit each year by the relentless and mysterious salmon as it complete its great cycle of life , each river and stream welcoming home the king and sockeye- White revision 7/6/98 int cannery - sliming table 3 harmon ' harm ' king , a foreman at the plant , stand behind several men and women who be clean gurry off salmon and slide they on toward the next step in the process . only one of they , ricky , be really listen to he oration - harm - coho and dog , the pink or humpback that be smashed into can and quick - cook to give the colorful local folk something to do other than play card and scratch they nut all day . a land where that nice old lady from Fort lauderdale who have the stroke three cabin down be probably park next to the thaw halibut you be eat on board tonight while you float hotel chug through the hecate Strait to deliver its precious load of geriatrics to the hungry , visa-card - accept denizen of we northernmost and most mosquito - infest state . harm stop talk and give ricky a look : ricky keep sliming fish - harm so ? ricky what 's ' redolent ' ? harm ' have or emit a odor . ' ricky people be gonna want to come here because it smelis ? harm ' pleasantly fragrant . ' at least that 's what the crossword puzzle say . ricky not talk about this place . harm course they be not . the minute we shut down : they will make this place into a tourist attraction . they will disinfect the joint and you can get a job in one of that case , like in a museum , that display - harm 's wife , audrey , who be sliming fish , speak up - White revision 7/6/98 audrey * dioramas . in one of that diorama . they will cover you with fake fish gut and put a label underneath - ' typical filipino cannery Worker ' . you just have to keep still and hold you breath till the tour group move on . ricky probably pay better than this . harm I will be out on the water in my boat and every time I make a set there will be one of that float nursing home with five hundred sonsabitch and they . camera , capture the moment . audrey ' and what boat be that ? harm my boat . audrey * you do not have a boat , honey . remember ? harm oh yes I do . I be gettin it back . today . ext party ground - wedding reception 4 noelle , a high school girl dress in a white steward 's uniform , circulate among wedding guest with a tray of hor d'oeuvre . a outdoor wedding reception be in progress , a band sing and play from a bandstand in the bg - noelle would you like some hor d'oeuvre ? Excuse I , would you like some hor d'oeuvre ? joe gastineau , a handyman in he 40' , pass with a case of wine . he and noelle have a friendly , flirtatious relationship - ' joe hey . Nice uniform . noelle the bride 's parent say they want uniform , so frankie and Lou rent this . I look stupid . 6/4/98 joe you look like a angel . noelle I look like a little white maggot . noelle see a guest approach - noelle ( shifting gear ) would you like some hor d'oeuvre ? the guest grab a handful and a napkin and fade back into the crowd - . noelle how come you do not have to wear one ? joe this be the official unemployed pulp mill worker 's uniform - noelle right . we follow as noelle wade back into the crowd . Joe continue with the wine - joe keep smile . noelle would you like a cheese ball ? noelle bring we to the father of the bride , albright , and a log executive , baine - . albright thank you , darling . what I be say be , you have to look at the big picture . you clear - cut the tree , what do you have ? we hold with the man as noelle circulate - baine hundred of thousand of dollar worth of timber - albright but it 's ugly - baine : the point be to get the tree down without spend a fortune . albright you be think short - term , phil . like my mother always tell I - you do not shit in you Front yard . 6/4/98 baine you mother say that ? albright constantly . we people cruise by a island , get they binocular out , the one that can still see , God bless they - what do we show they ? ' we show they a little indian fish camp , some totem pole maybe , we show they a black bear forage for breakfast in the early morning mist . we do not show they deforested hillside and log equipment , phil . heavy machinery they can see in New Jersey . baine the logger have as much right - albright we all have to make we live , I be not argue that . cut the tree in the interior , make it into a parking lot - just quit with the chainsaw when you get to where people can see . we be try to develop theme for each area up here - ' the whale ' causeway ' , ' Island of the raven people ' , ' Kingdom of the salmon ' , ' lumberland ' - baine that 's we - albright that 's a turn -of - the-century sawmill with a little water - power generator anda gift shop . that 's history , phil , not industry . History be we future here , not we past . albright see he daughter go by in she wedding dress - albright ( beam ) will you look at she ? she look like a million buck . noelle ( return ) would you like some more , gentleman ? : albright find the little girl with the shrimp and send she over this way , would you ? thanks , honey . it 's like with this kayak outfitter , phil - I know the jellybean color be easy to spot if there 's trouble , but it spoil the ambience - 6/4/98 noelle look to the stage as the guest applaud as the band finish its number . the woman singer , donna do angelo , step to the microphone - donna thank you . thank you very much . stage donna , in she early 40' , be smile but clearly upset about something ~ - donna thank you . this be kind of a special day for I - I know it 's a special one for all of you - this be my last appearance with Randy mason and the pipeline - polite applause from the audience . the accordion player , glare at she as the other band member exchange surprised look - donna I will be continue my run as a solo performer at the Golden nugget saloon and pocket billiard emporium , downtown Port Henry 's answer to Carnegie Hall - she look dagger at the accordion player - donna while Randy will be rapidly sink back into the relative obscurity that he so richly deserve . a few nervous titter from the guest close to the bandstand - donna the time we have spend together have seem - much longer than it probably be , and with that in mind I would like to dedicate this next song to he . fellas - donna turn she back to the audience , tell the player what she want , and then turn back to launch into a song about a man who have break a woman 's heart one time too many . she be very good , able to control she strong , emotional voice , despite the obvious tension on stage . the accordion player sulk as donna look he straight in the eye - noelle we watch over noelle 's shoulder for a moment , then she turn to we , nearly in tear - 6/4/98 noelle dammit . we follow noelle toward the prep table to refill she tray . her employer , frankie and lou , be have a heat argument with harmon King , in he street clothes now , as they rapidly prep bread basket and side dish for the meal - lou i.do not see where we have anything to discuss . harm you be not gonna take that attitude if I show up with a lawyer - lou a lawyer ? noelle grab more hor d'oeuvre and hurry away , realize she should not be hearing this - lou you be threaten we with a lawyer ? in school now when they teach estate , when they teach contract , you know who they use ? francine , here , that 's who - she write the fuck book ! frankie it 's not really a text book , Louise - lou I , on the other hand , be a criminal attorney . some of the business practice that you engage in - harm that 's bullshit - lou you see a couple dyke wander up from Seattle , you figure here 's easy pickin - frankie Louise - lou when we buy this property , which you have run to the ground - harm that be not true - 6/4/98 lou when we buy they from you , promise be make about plumbing , about dry rot , about roofing material - harm I have a cash - flow situation - lou promise which you do not keep - harm I give you my boat . lou yes , as collateral - harm it 's worth more than that repair - lou it be worth relatively little on the market . we have have it appraise - . harm I give you my license . that 's worth a -- frankie we be not fisherman , harmon . harm exactly . that 's why I be say I take the boat , I go out , make my limit , the cash go to you , I get my boat back . frankie whoah , whoah , whoah - we pay the docking fee all winter , we have the engine overhaul , and now that there 's fish again you expect to waltz in , take gqur boat as if you still own it , like you never default on any of this stuff - harm you be worse than the damn bank - '' frankie we let you take advantage of we like this , what do that say to everybody in Port Henry ? it say do not take this woman seriously - harm you come up here , you bust people 's ball - 6/4/98 frankie if you ball be be bust , harmon , it 's because you stick they in a vise and you yank the handle - lou the screw . frankie what ? lou the jaw of a vise be move by a screw or a lever . you do not call it a handle . frankie thank you , Louise . the point be , Mr. King , if you be feel pressure on you testicles , you have only yourself to blame . harm so you be just gonna take the hit , let my boat rot in the harbor - lou you misrepresent the property to we , harmon . you try to swindle we into keep you boat from be repossess by the bank by assign the title to - . harm look , you gal already say you be not fisherman - frankie the last I hear there be no shortage of guy mope around town willing to work for a piece . lou a share . frankie what ? lou on a boat , in , you know - nautical term , it 's call work for a share . frankie ( curt ) thank you . lou francine , if we be go to do this , we should get the terminology right . 6/4/98 10 . frankie in carpentry , Louise , I bow to you superior knowlege . you be a person who read tool catalogue for enjoyment . boat , however , you know as little as I do , which be next to nothing - . harm you think you be gonna find somebody in this town to take my boat out and fish on my license ? you be both fuck crazy ! . stage donna finish she song and walk tight - face off the stage . the accordion player instantly lead the band into a zydeco song - noelle noelle watch from the crowd , unhappy - ext reception - pickup truck - joe Joe slide case of wine off the back of he pickup truck . he turn and find donna stand there , look at he truck . we hear the band play a instrumental in the bg - donna this you truck ? joe uh-huh . donna you work here ? joe yeah - get this wine to load in . get to help break thing down after . donna think you could give I a ride ? there be a intensity about donna that Joe find a little scary - joe I guess - after I - how far be it ? donna just into town . joe let I know when you be ready . he lift up a case of wine - 6/4/98 il . donna I be ready now . joe I think you be the singer . donna I be . joe you be really good . donna thanks . listen , I just break up with this guy I have be live with and he 's here and if I be gonna keep my shit together and not make a scene I have get to go right now . joe okay - i'1ll - he indicate the case . donna nod , pull out a lighter and a pack of cigarettes - donna I will wait here . ext reception the meal have start and the guest be mostly sit eat the open course . frankie and Lou stand at the prep table with they back to the guest , prepping the next round . Lou be in tear - lou they hate we . they all hate we . frankie who hate we ? lou . this people . they think we be carpetbagger . frankie if anybody be a carpetbagger , Louise , it 's this people . the father be from Portland , the groom be - '' lou not this people - | I mean like harmon King , the people in town - frankie what people in town ? ext road 6/4/98 12. lou the guy at the boat dock , the people who hang at the lodge before we buy it , the people who use to fish here - frankie that 's like a handful of loser . listen , you - lou do not hand I that fuck egg and omelet routine ! : frankie ( very gently ) Louise , would I insult you with a cooking metaphor when you be this upset ? look at you , he 's get you ery - lou twenty year I be in court , my client get send away for life , they get the Max , whatever , not a fuck tear . but here - frankie harmon King be fish -slime , . come on - lou it 's not he . it 's my fault . frankie how be it you fault ? lou I want they to like I ! frankie they will grow to like you . they just do not know you yet . we see Joe 's pickup travel toward town - int . pickup donna be brood , angry and upset . Joe steal a glance at she - " joe I mean that before . you be really good . sing . donna thanks . 6/4/98 13 . joe especially since I - like - I never hear of you or anything . donna give he a look - donna you watch sport ? joe ( shrug ) basketball - donna there must be basketball player who be really good that you have never hear of . Joe think for a moment - joe no . donna no ? joe if they be professional and they be really good everybody have hear of they . donna well sing be different . it 's a matter of taste . and -- luck . whatever . joe oh . indicate she light cigarette - donna you mind if I smoke ? joe no - go ahead . Joe look at she again . she be fight not to cry - joe you okay ? donna could not be better . joe you boyfriend be the guy with the band ? Randy whatsit ? 10 6/4/98 14 . donna mason . joe I never hear of he either . donna good . a silence - donna ( point ) stop here . Joe look out at a funky little house - joe this be it ? donna be already out of the truck - donna I will be right back . ext reception - glass 9 we see glass be tapped with silverware , then tilt to see albright stand with glass in hand , make a toast - albright when we come up to this country fifteen year ago , margie be eight year old and convinced that we would all be eat by grizzly . laughter - closer albright I would like to say that so far none of we have lose anything other than the occasional backpack to the bear - and that this have be for we , like for so many other people before , a land of opportunity . a land where - ext randy mason's house 10 donna step out of the house , lug too big a load of clothing and appliance . she dump they on the ground , head ack in - donna there 's just a couple more thing . Joe jump out of the pickup to help - 11 12 13 6/4/98 15 . joe I think this be you house ? int house 11 Joe enter the live room , concerned , to find donna already roll up a indian rug . other thing have be pile into one section of the room - donna see if he can survive without the fuck microwave - joe you be take he stuff ? donna my stuff . my daughter 's stuff . joe you be sure ? donna look around you - you see neveryth that look like shit ?- that look like somebody with no taste and ' bad personal hygiene would have it in they house ? that 's he stuff . the rest of it be out of here . grab the other end - Joe obediently help with the rug - joe how long do you live here ? donna Three week . ext reception 12 we start on the wedding cake , about to be cut . the cake be in the shape of a multi-story cruise ship , with ' ss matrimony ' print on the side and lot of candy lifeboat and other detail adorn it . a plastic bride and groom stand at the top of the candy gangplank - wider the actual bride and GROOM pose with the knife poise , smile as cameras flash ! ext house 13 we follow Joe and donna as they load household item from the front lawn onto the pickup - 6/4/98 16 . donna I use to gig with he when I be work in spokane - he have this anorexic girl singer who would get too shaky to go on stage , so I would fill in . my booker talk I into a year up here , the money 's real good , blah blah blah , and I run into Randy in sitka and we hit it off . joe so you move in . donna no - I tell he keep you distance , I get a kid , I be older than you , I do not smoke as much dope as you , do not think I be move in or anything . a pause as they continue to load - joe so how do you stuff end up in he place ? donna consider the answer - donna unforeseen circumstance . joe oh . donna turn she attention on he , want to get off the defensive - donna you marry ? joe no . donna live with somebody ? joe no . she give he a suspicious look - ._ joe ( shrug ) sorry . donna look at the house - donna ten year ago I would have trash the place . 14 Joe lift 6/4/98 17 . joe that would be a bad idea . donna ( ironic ) I be still deal with my anger . joe anger at who ? donna . at whatever jerk I be leave the year ago . joe uh-huh . up a irone board and iron - donna I tell he he be gonna get bored , I tell he he be gonna get itchy and start chase little club girl , I tell he my kid be gonna get on he nerve . I be right on every fuck count . joe so why would you move in ? donna he say he think he be a better person when he be with I . she toss something into the pickup - donna how can you turn that down ? ext reception - dine area 14 guest be up and mingling , a few dance to the band . noelle and stacy , another teenager on the staff , move through collect plate - stacy the guy be a climber . noelle a social climber ? '' stacy rock climber . you know - mountain , glacier , whatever you can fall off of and break you neck . the best man and all he friend work up at denali , guide climb for tourist . noelle I do not like height . 15 16 6/4/98 18 . stacy 's attention have go to the band - stacy what happen to the singer ? ext road - town / 15 Joe 's truck roll into the outskirt of Port Henry - int truck . 16 donna be watch Joe as he drive - donna you work for that two ? franny and Zooey ? joe frankie and Lou . yeah . donna how long ? joe couple month . they be just start out up -here . donna do not think they have any man work for they . joe I be one of the few . donna do they hit on the girl they hire ? joe no . do not think so . they be a- you know . a couple . donna nod , think - donna so what would you do before this ? joe pulp mill . till it close . donna how be that ? joe how you think it be ? it 's a pulp mill . donna and before ? 17 6/4/98 19 . joe this and that , like most people . donna trapping beaver and stuff - joe ( smile ) no - donna fisherman ? joe I be . donna you like it ? joe while it last . donna you do not go out anymore - joe no. donna why not ? Joe take a moment before he answer - joe unforeseen circumstance . they drive in silence - ext golden nugget in the reflection in a window we see Joe 's truck pull up in front of the golden nugget . next to the reflection be a promo card with donna 's photo and ' donna de angelo - appear nitely ( 2 drink minimum ) ' print on it - wider - STREET Joe and donna get out of the truck - joe I should get back . donna if you just help I get it off the truck , the guy inside can take over - joe you gonna stay here ? 17 18 6/4/98 20 . the Golden nugget be the bar on the ground floor of a old downtown HOTEL - donna we do before . this be my regular gig for the next month or so . two show a night . joe I will come see you . sing . donna great . she watch as Joe pull a bedside table off the back - donna ( moodily ) my kid be gonna kill I . ext party ground - wedding reception 18 the reception be break up , guest leave on all side - noelle noelle , dress in she street clothes now , stare at something - reverse we shoot over she shoulder as she watch randy flirt with one of the maids of honor behind the bandstand - noelle she turn , troubled , and we follow she toward the parking lot . she pass frankie and Lou , do a party post - mortem as they help clean up - lou it go fine - frankie they do not like the ratatouille . lou a lot of people do not eat eggplant . like I . frankie you do not , . eat vegetable , Louise , and do not tell I french fries . I be talk about normal people . Lou ( 0.s . ) ' it go fine . hey , the father want to cater it on he cruise ship till the bride put she foot down - 6/4/98 21 . frankie ( 0.s. ) we should have make more cheese ball - noelle bring we to Joe , who be dismantle the tent - joe you out of here ? noelle time off for good behavior . joe saw all the groom 's buddy check you out . noelle ( a bit flatter ) right . joe I be serious . noelle bunch of preppie thug . joe you be a hard woman to please . noelle catch you tomorrow . joe yeah . 19 ext . parking lot 19 noelle step out into the vapidly - empty parking lot . she look very small . she look around , not see what she want to . stacy pull up next to she in a batter old car , roll the window down - stacy need a ride ? noelle yeah , I guess I do . stacy where you go ? noelle ( think ) I be not sure . 20 ext reception - stage 20 Joe be beginning to dismantle the portable stage the band be on . he find a stack of flyer - 21 6/4/98 22. closer - flyer the flyer be for a upcoming appearance of Randy mason and the pipeline , feature donna de angelo . there be a photo of donna in a circle - joe Joe contemplate the picture - int stacy car - evening , 21 stacy drive noelle into town - stacy you know what they want to bring up here ? frankie and Lou ? noelle what ? stacy alpacas . noelle for sweater ? stacy for hike trip . they want . to take people out on hike trip for a week or so and have the alpacas carry all the gear . they do it down in the amazon or something . noelle the ande . stacy huh ? noelle the amazon be a jungle river - they would be too hot . it 's probably the mountain range - the ande . stacy whatever . they get they up here , no way L be clean they cage . ' this be some strange people we work with . . noelle I do not know - stacy we have get the lesbo trail guide run the place , we have get the human pin-cushion in the kitchen there - 22 6/4/98 23 . noelle rusty - stacy he look like he take a staple - gun to he eyebrow . we get Eunice , the cashier , twenty six year old and still life with she mother . we get the handyman there , kill two people - noelle he what ? stacy Joe gastineau . Mr. Dark and moody . noelle he kill people ? stacy get they kill . same thing . cu noelle stacy ( 0.s. ) take they out fishing on he boat and they both drown . how would you like to carry that around with you ? ext dock - evening - joe 22 Joe stand on the dock by frankie and Lou 's lodge , look out at a seiner move up the channel , lose in think - frankie ( 0.s. ) we be gonna be fine . it 's just a lot hassle start thing up . lou ( 0.s. ) it 's so much work - reverse - joe Joe brood . we see the silhouettes of frankie and Lou through the screen window behind he - frankie two more week , thing will be up and run , we will take a trip . take the tent , the coleman , the kayak , row out to one of the island and just chill , okay ? like the first time we come up here - just you and I , back in the wood again . 23 6/4/98 24 . int HOTEL suite - donna and noelle 23 we hear voice of the bar patron downstairs as donna , cigarette in hand , survey they stuff pile in the middle of the live room . noelle , stiff with resentment , make trip to and from she mother 's bedroom , replace thing - donna I be sorry . you get stick at work . I just have to get out of there . noelle I be use to get home on my own . I just like to know where it be . noelle throw a handful of clothes back into the laundry basket - noelle ( piss ) half my clothes be miss . donna I grab everything I could see - noelle I have a load in the dryer . donna we will get they back . noelle I do not want to move over there in the first place - donna I know . it be a dumb idea . I be sorry . noelle ( quiet ) he be not that bad . donna compare to what ? noelle compare to lyle . donna he whose name must not be speak . I make a mistake about Randy , I be sorry . i! '11 help you move you stuff . noelle ( mutter ) you be the mistake . donna just stare at she , hurt and angry . noelle pointedly take something into the bedroom . donna wait till she wander out again , try to strike up a conversation - 6/4/98 25 . donna you lady do a nice job with that reception . I do not eat , but it look really good . noelle ignore she , put up door hook - donna do you always wear that uniform or just when they be catering ? noelle leave for the bedroom - donna ( call ) so be the cute guy at work who like you . the one pass the shrimp thing ? with the hair in he eye ? she wait . it be a long moment before noelle come back out . she speak in a frosty tone , not look at she mother - noelle I do not say he like I , I say he be good - look , and no , that 's not he . that 's perry . perry want to be a break dancer when he grow up . donna I think that be over . noelle disco have not make it up here yet - donna oh come on - noelle how could you think I think perry be cute ? donna I do not know - for a high - school kid - what do I know what you like ? noelle right . you do not . a silence - donna so be you mad at I ? about Randy ? noelle ( shrug ) s'your life . donna I mean do you like he ? 24 25 6/4/98 26 . noelle it 's hard enough to keep they name straight - I be suppose to like they ? donna . do not be that way with I . I feel like shit . I could use a little support . noelle that 's what therapy be for . pause . donna look around at they pile belonging - donna we will have to rent the vcr again . fade out : int high school - day 24 a school bell ring . noelle step out of a throng of milling high school kide . she pause by a display case - display case we move across several athletic trophies till we settle on a area devote to young Joe . we tighten on a photo of he in he uniform - noelle stare at the photo - ext lodge - day 25 Joe do grunt work at frankie and Lou 's lodge as the woman pitch a idea to he - frankie we have this job for you . lou it 's kind of different - frankie we have this ship - lou Boat - frankie give she a look - frankie we have this boat - joe the raven , yeah - 6/4/98 27 . lou we have the engine overhaul , put a new gillnet drum on it - joe harmon King 's boat . frankie it 's ours now . joe uh-huh . frankie and he sign he license over - to we - lou his entry permit - frankie to pay off some of the money he owe we . lou we want you to go out . joe go out . frankie go out and catch fish . joe I be not a fisherman . frankie do not understand he reticence - frankie but you use to be . you know what you be do on a boat . joe ( tight ) I suppose . frankie so you could if you want to . joe if I want to . '' lou we will figure out some kind of percentage deal - frankie we do not know if this be a asset we want to keep or to sell , but with the season almost over and this license so expensive - 26 27 6/4/98 28 . lou you be not like tight with harmon King , be you ? joe not especially , no . frankie if you could go down to the marina and look at it - lou check it out , tell we if there 's anything you would need to be operational - joe I have not be commercial fishing for twenty - five year . frankie have it change that much ? joe more technology . but I just do not -- frankie this be really terrific . you be really bail we out on this . lou it 's a matter of credibility . if we just let people walk all over we - joe I have to think about it . frankie think about it . go look at the ship - the boat - figure out who you want to have on you crew - lou you think people will do that ? know it 's harmon 's boat ? joe you can always get somebody . int gym - day - donna 26 we track in at donna , furiously step away on a stairmaster machine . a aerobics CLASS run through its pace in the bg . donna start to cry . angry at herself , she grab she towel and wipe the tear from she face - int lodge , pantry - evening 27 Joe and noelle be stack food supplies from crate onto the shelf in the walk - in pantry - 6/4/98 29 . joe if the temperature of the water in the stream change a couple of degree , if it get slightly more or less acid , any little change , it can mean the salmon will not return there . noelle where do they go ? joe probably they just keep look along the coast till --- he shrug - noelle so the whole run disappear ? joe it 's be know to happen . they be pretty much hard - wire , fish , not many option . people , though , they have get bigger brain , they can guess at the future , make decision - noelle they just do a really lousy job of it . Joe smile - noelle I hate it when they be strand out in the air and they gill be work and they have that desperate ook - joe they be drown . in air . noelle shoot a look at Joe , watch he work - noelle what do you think it feel like to drow ? Joe stack a few more item before he answer - joe I do not know . never have the experience . 28 int cannery . 28 worker with steam hose attack every surface of the cannery , blast fish gut and grime down into the drain in the floor . '' one by one they turn the steam off - . 29 30 walce keevision //6/98 30 . various shot we see various of the work station - sorting table , gut table , can belt - all still and quietly drip - harmon - worker harmon and a half - dozen worker stand look at the quiet , motionless cannery as the water settles - harm that 's all she write . ricky they say the chinese might buy it . pack the whole thing up , ship it over - - harm they be welcome to it . who need a drink ? ext golden nugget - night 29 we hear voice of the bar patron inside - int golden nugget - night 30 it be mostly local people in here tonight , but we start with DENISE , a cruise - line employee guide a knot of elderly tourist around the periphery of the bar - DENISE this be the Golden nugget saloon , found back in 1881 when Port Henry be the gold mining center of the northérn territory . prospector , mining engineer , fisherman and logger would congregate here for a stiff drink and a friendly game of card - she bring we to harmon King , sit with audrey and ricky x« and another worker from the cannery - harm they say nobody eat can salmon anymore - audrey * do you eat it ? harm why would I eat can when I can get fresh ? audrey * the people in Peoria be say the exact same thing . iee es isie ieee ne 31 . harm that 's a_hell of a fuck note . what be I gonna do ? audrey x what be I gonna do ? think you be the only person up here out of a job ? . DENISE and tourist denise pass the pool table with she charge - DENISE the first legal prizefight in the territory and the only record bout between a domesticate wolf and a black bear be stage in this very room . the reknown English actress mabel sinclair once visit Port Henry , and it be in the Golden nugget that a fur trapper offer she a thousand dollar worth of mountain goat hide for she hand in marriage - she bring we to smilin jack and X -man , a pair of bush pilot , shoot pool - smilin jack . he 's in that little cessna of he , come in with the wind steady and the water be like glass and he 's do the usual rap , the wilderness , the wildlife , the glacier - try to impress this two girl - he 's still get he wheel down - x-man shit - smilin jack float hit the water - wham ! that wheel dig in and he flip tail over head - smack ! the beaver be lie belly up in the channel , the two girl be unconcious and he 's upside down hook in by he belt with water pour in from all side - harm and friend , VIC VIC , the bartender , - be hold forth about the charter business - vic - so I drop this people off the boat - corporate executive , second - wife , two kid by the first marriage . ( more ) white kevissioon //6/98 32 . vic they get heat tent , they get freeze-dry gourmet dinner , they be wear four thousand dollar worth of gortex - this be gonna be a bond experience , right ? two hour they last , two hour before the exec get I on the radio . and say they have have it . I gotta call ina chopper from anchorage , air- lift they off the island before they eat each other alive - smilin jack and x- man audrey audrey 's turn to tell a story - x-man - snuffy 's up there spot herring with every other bush pilot in the state , call down to he boat in code if he spot something when whammo ! head - on with some honcho in a piper - cub who 's get he eye down on the water too - audrey * - it 's so cold you spit 's freeze solid before it hit the ground . and the metal on the truck have that tinny sound when you slam the door - like the whole thing 's gonna shatter ? so this be the day pop choose to make he run up to barrow - DENISE and tourist DENISE no , I do not believe there have be any shooting in here recently , but the Golden nugget have be the set for many a desperate confrontation - smilin jack and x- man smilin jack i_ca not see the front of my own damn plane , this fog be so thick , and I know there 's mountain peak all around I . but the minute I try to climb above it the wind catch 's hold of I , and with the stabilizer go - ~ 6/4/98 33 . harm harm harvest the goddam resource my ass . a man go out and he set and he catch fish goddammit , he 's not a goddam farmer . get more regulation than Carter get liver pill , get the Russians and the japanese out there scoop up all we crab - joe Joe pass through , beer in hand - smilin jack ( 0.s. ) hey , Joe - Joe turn to see smilin Jack by the pool table - smilin jack Long time no see - joe smilin Jack . what you do down at this altitude ? smilin jack flew some medical supply salesmen in from cordova . there 's a thousand of they over at the Convention Center . joe there 's always something . where you live this day ? smilin jack two step ahead of the finance company . joe ( smile ) see you around - ~ smilin Jack watch Joe walk away . we see donna set up with she player beyond he - smilin jack jumpin Joe gastineau . friend of . yours ? smilin jack not exactly . stage - donna donna be on stage , fix she mike - White revision 7/6/98 34 . donna hello everybody , welcome to the Golden nugget . for you out - of-town visitor , this be not the Gay nineties singalong revue , that 's at the klondike Palace on Race Street - she see Joe sit down , give he a small nod - donna - so if anybody break into " oh , they Golden slipper " during we set , you will be escort from the premise . casey ? casey , the guitar player , start off and donna begin to sing - joe watch donna - int HOTEL suite - noelle 31 we can hear donna singing distantly from downstairs . noelle be arrange thing in she mother 's room . she catch sight of herself in the dresser mirror , pause . she find a pair of scissors on the dresser , pick they up . she open they , then , watch she reflection all the while , bring the point very close to she eyeball . she press a blade hard against she cheek for a moment . she pull it away , lean close to examine the mark it have leave , frown . she run she finger down along the mark - ext golden nugget - night 32 later . harmon and audrey exit the bar , harm a bit unsteady -* audrey * do not torture yourself . harm I do not intend to torture myself . I intend to torture they . audrey * that boat be nothing but a money pit and you know it . harm fuckin she-men think they can come up here , take over the joint . people be not gonna stand for that . audrey * Joe gastineau be work out there . harm biggest fuckin loser in the Southeast . 33 White revision 7/6/98 35 . we watch harm and audrey walk away - * harm ( orate ) welcome to America 's last Frontier - audrey * give it a rest , harmon - harm - where the minute a white man get a pot to piss in they create a new Federal agency in charge of yanking it away from he . where mighty bureaucracy creep glacier - like across the earth , levelling everything in they path - int golden nugget . 33 we watch donna , do with she set , make she way through the audience . she stop to chat with a customer for a moment - joe sitting alone , watch she - Pov - donna donna look around , find Joe , then cross over to stand by he - donna mind if I sit ? joe please - he move a chair and donna sit by he . he do not say anything at first - donna so ? joe terrific . donna who do I remind you of ? joe remind I : of ? donna singer . people always go " you be sort of like Judy Collins , but you voice be deeper , or you be sort of like emmylou Harris , but you hair be curlier - " 6/4/98 36 . joe screamin jay hawkins - donna ( smile ) really ? joe but I think he usually wear a bone in he nose . Joe indicate the stage - joe can you make a live do this ? donna sort of . you make a live work for the lodge lady ? joe sort of . donna it can be nice - ~ one summer I do a cruise ship in the Caribbean , get to take my daughter - joe you take she with you ? donna pretty much , yeah . joe her father be - donna out of the picture . joe uh-huh . donna that be he choice . joe ( nod ) so you have sung in a lot of place . donna thirty six state and the territory of Puerto . Rico . joe wow . donna how bout you ? 6/4/98 37 . joe I be to Seattle a couple time , Canada along the coast - ( shrug ) it 's real big up here , you go a long way without leave the state . donna right . a awkward pause - donna so you must like it . joe do not think I would do so well down south - you know , city . donna how come you be not marry ? Joe laugh at she directness - donna sorry , if you do not want to say - : joe no , no - it 's probably the same reason you be not marry - donna because such a high percentage of man you meet be jerk ? joe ( smile ) no - donna because woman be scarce and winter be long - joe that 's true , but - donna because you be look for someone fun to be with who understand you bullshit but be still crazy about you - '' joe that 's a bit much to ask for . donna no it 's not . she mean it . there be a brief silence - 6/4/98 38 . joe so have you like - record song ? donna I make a lot.of demo . I be not exactly up here to try and be discover . at my age --- it do not make a whole lot of sense - my so - call career . joe why do you still do it ? she struggle to give he a honest answer - donna almost every night , do not matter where I be sing , which song it be - all of a sudden I will hook into it - I will be feel whatever it be the song be about and I can hear my voice , feel it , I can tell that I be put it across - -- moment of grace . joe uh-huh . donna you know what I be say ? joe I do . donna it 's totally selfish . joe tough to walk away from something you feel that way about . donna I have put my kid through a lot - move all the time . but when I take a straight job - bank teller , waitress , whatever - I be so - defeat - I do not want she to look at I . joe but she think it 's cool , you sing - donna she 's convinced my only purpose in life be to cause she embarrassment and pain . joe teenager - 6/4/98 39 . donna yeah . another silence . Joe take the leap - joe so would you like to do - something ? donna something . joe it 's real pretty country around here , I could take you - donna i- gotta warn you , there 's certain thing - the one with the long skinny boat and the paddle ? joe kayake - donna I do not do that one .. or anything where if the spike pull out of the cliff you plunge to you death . joe climb - donna in general , thing where you wear gear instead of clothing - I do not do it . joe oh . donna I go out with this guy in Wisconsin , he would take I camp ? he have that rubber pants with the boot attach - joe wader - donna I like the walk around in the wood part and I be a really good sport about the rest , but I be not really the outward bound type . joe that 's good to know . what do you -- in the day , when you be not work - 6/4/98 40 . donna I read a lot - joe uh-huh - donna go to the gym , punish myself on the stairmaster - joe uh-huh - donna if I be involved with a guy I make pathetic attempt to ingratiate myself , often involve cooking and clean activity . I listen to music - joe mmmn - donna when my daughter be little I would do stuff with she . joe and you do not anymore ? donna no . donna do not want to think about this . she try to be cheerful - donna so , if you be willing , let 's work on this thing - this do something idea . you try to think of stuff , I will try to think of something - joe sure . donna keep try , really , okay ? joe I will - the house band have tune up and be do somewhat impatient riff . donna get up - donna you know where to find I . two show nightly . 34 eee eee len rd the aer Ie ne fo 41 . donna give he a smile and Joe watch she walk to the bandstand - fade out : ext dock - day 34 we see a huge cruise ship dock in front of town - DENISE ( o.s. ) it be call ' gold fever ' - we tilt down to see bobby gastineau , some fifteen year young than Joe , stand on the dock as denise lead more elderly tourist past - DENISE - and in 1897 the first wave of fortune - seeker sweep through Port Henry on they way to skagway , the chilkoot pass and the yukon gold field . Bobby push through the stream of tourist into a cu . he seem nervous , check around to see if anybody be watch he - DENISE ( 0.s. ) they be desperate man , man willing to perish in search of the one Big Strike that every prospector dream of - Bobby move past we out of the shot as donna follow a cruise director back toward the ship - * cruise director * it could be the entire cruise , yes , or we might have you just do one leg , lay over at one of we stop , then work the next leg on a different ship - donna how much time would I spend at home ? cruise director * we like to think of we vessel as a kind of home - donna not much , : huh ? cruise director it 's a nomadic lifestyle , no question about that , but the reward be - 35 36 37 6/4/98 42. ext channel - morning - harmon 35 there be mist hang over the water . we pan with a dozen kayaker in day - glo color as they paddle across the the water , then counter - pan as they make way for harmon King in he motor skiff . harmon kill the motor , drift , then toss a anchor overboard . he grab a six pack of beer , cross to he fishing gear and sit on some cushion . he carefully push earplug into he ear , then turn a large boombox radio up full volume , a tape playing country - western music . he begin to jig for halibut - int lodge - morning 36 Lou be watch out the window . we hear the music , see harmon drift off anchor just a few hundred foot from the lodge - . lou ( call ) he 's back . frankie ( 0.s. ) there 's nothing we can do about it . lou he 's go to make a feud out of this thing with he boat . frankie step in next to she , look out - frankie we boat . do not he have a job ? lou they shut the cannery down . dammit , there 's a law against stalking - frankie stalk be on foot . lou skulk , then . there must be a anti-skulk ordinance . frankie I be start to like that song . int HOTEL lobby . 37 a hotel clerk run a credit card through he machine - " bobby ( 0.8 . ) listen , if there 's any call for I , if anybody come by ask if I be here - reverse Bobby watch the lobby to see if he 's be follow - 38 6/4/98 43 . bobby - just say I be not register , okay ? he turn and give the clerk a charming smile - bobby I be try to surprise somebody , and I do not want the word to get around . can you do that ? ext stream - salmon 38 we see salmon throw themselves up a stream , a few corpse wash up to the side - donna ( 0.s. ) you get point for originality . joe and donna Joe and donna stand watch the fish - donna you be the first guy who 's ever ask I to come and watch fish thrash around and die - joe it 's - donna I be not complain , it 's really cool . I have see it on tv , but in person like this - they be so beat - up look - joe they stop eat when they head in - donna my daughter do that for a while . almost have to put a iv in she . jeez , it 's relentless , be not it ? they do not stop . joe some of they do . they wear out , give up - donna I would make it . joe yeah ? donna no sweat . I do this much every day at the gym . 6/4/98 44 , joe ( smile ) I be go to be go a couple day . it 's sort of a job , sort of a favor - donna uh-huh ? joe when I get back - it would be great to . see you again . donna okay . joe yeah ? donna yeah . donna be definitely pleased to be ask - donna so what 's this trip , like a polar expedition ? 39 int bank - day 39 Bobby sit in a bank office with a loan officer - bobby that 's all ? loan officer a boat like yours , Mr. gastineau , be a unusual property . its value depend on its use in a certain type of business . if nobody experience in that business be interested - bobby I do not want to sell it , I just want to take a mortgage - loan officer in view of you past financial difficulty - bobby that be in San Diego . ' loan officer a poor credit rating be a poor credit rating , it follow you wherever you go - 40 ext golden nugget - night 40 establish shot - eee ne 45 . 41 int golden nugget - night 41 harm and audrey sit at the bar with ricky , surround by regular . Vic muse as he work the counter - vic it 's just out there , waitin for the chance to fuck you over . audrey . * you personally . vic whoever . one second you be skimmin over the surface , not a care in the world , then one little thing go wrong - harm like rudy bannister - . vic rudy bannister - he 's up in a fiord longline when the whole front of the glacier break off - it make this wave - four , five storey high by the time it hit he boat . go . ricky fucked . harm fucked from a height . and stretch mccarthy - audrey * stretch - harm get catch in the riptide try to shortcut through rimski Channel . they hit the rock - two guy jump , two guy stay on board . '' stretch and the other guy who stand on board buy it . could have go the other way . ricky luck . ' VIC luck , nothing . the ocean want he . Hell , I be glad I be not go out there anymore . it can be quick , like that deadhead timmy grogan hit , punch through he bow and sink he in five minute , or it can sneak up on you when you be not even look . donna brr mee nmr vre ii ol io 46 . audrey * like Joe gastineau - harm joey - fuck - if ever there 's a guy have the world by the ball it 's joey . he be out haulin web by the time he be ten year old . his old man , Claude , run the Ice maiden for Old man torgeson - audrey * till he drunk himself out . of a job . ricky this be the basketball player , right ? audrey _* best one that ever come out of Port Henry - harm headed for a full - jolt scholarship to some university in California , then he tear he knee up senior year . kiss that goodbye . audrey have a jump shot that would make you weep - donna sit at a table a couple yard away , a drink and a bowl of pretzel laid out in front of she , eavesdropp with she back to the bar - vic he get on with one of torgeson 's crab boat up north , back when that be a fuckin gold mine , make enough in one season to put a down - payment on this little gill - netter , the Arctic Dawn - harm and friend vic get a couple friend of he , lester Pope , who use to work with he father , and this kid oley - audrey * Jack johannson 's little brother - vic who would never be out fishing , he 's just like a high school buddy , play hoop with Joe . they be gonna go out with Joe and make a big score . revision 8/05/98 47 . ext marina - night we see Joe on the float , stare at something - vic ( v.0o . ) he get the gill netter into the water , it float , he 's get . a entry permit for the silver come in from icy Strait . we pan to see the object of he gaze . it be the raven , harm 's old fishing boat - VIC ( v.0 . ) they get out there with the usual crowd , I be on the cape Fox then , * and we hook into this run - we be barely move , just throw fish into the hold as fast as we can so we can set again . int boat - engine a floor panel be lift . a flashlight beam play over the rebuilt engine of the raven - VIC ( v.0 . ) everybody 's makin out , even Joe with this little gill - netter . joe Joe examine the engine - VIC ( v.o . ) . by nightfall we be plugge and waitin in line to download into the tender . there 's six boat in front of we , maybe eight behind , and Joe be the last one , and it 's party time . int golden nugget - VIC vic everybody who 's not unload drop anchor and we start boat-hoppin , the beer come out , Joe figure he 's make he year and then some , he can pay off the boat , really get into | business fishing . a day like that , you feel like you be gonna live forever . ext raven Joe examine the drum , the net - revision 8/05/98 48. vic ( v.0o . ) Joe get back on board he outfit , it 's one , two in the morning , he and the johannson kid go below to sleep it off and lester rack out on deck . they figure it will be morning before the tender get to they . so - maybe the boat be out of the water too long , thing dry up , you get crack , maybe they be just so plugge ' the water - line ride up where it have never be before , whatever -- without a sound , the boat fill like a sponge and sink . int golden nugget ricky react to the story - ricky damn - vic Joe wake up and he 's down in the cabin and it 's black and he 's under water , right , he 's bang around , but he know the boat and he bang into something that give he like a reference and he swim out through the hatch and yell loud enough to wake I up on the cape Fox - - we fished he out okay , but other two - not a trace . donna donna listen - ricky ( 0.s. ) lose - VIC ( 0.s. ) lose he friend , lose the catch , there 's no insurance on the boat , that 's go , and Joe - ext raven Joe stand at the helm , hand rest on the wheel , lose in think - vic ( v.0 . ) - Joe , he 's not the same guy - int room above SALOON - noelle we start on a pad of line paper cover with a story noelle have write . plop ! a drop of blood fall onto it , instantly soaking in . 49 50 6/4/98 49 . we tilt to see noelle , a razor blade in hand , studiously examine the underside of she upper arm , where she have make three parallel cut into the skin . she watch the blood roll down , then drip onto the paper - fade out : ext marina , fuel pump - early morning 49 it be four in the morning , the float and moor boat rock gently - pump Joe stand with koslow , a weathered man in he sixty , who write out the bill as Joe pump fuel . Beyond they he mate prep the raven for the day 's work - joe gastineau . g-a-s-t-i-n-e-a-u. koslow relate to the gastineau who sink the Arctic Dawn ? joe ( hesitates ) nope . koslow whatever happen to that guy ? joe just disappear , I guess . int . HOTEL suite - donna 50 donna come out of the bathroom in she nightgown . she peek into the live room . noelle be awake , sit up in she t- shirt , look out at the eerie northern light - donna . you can not sleep , baby ? noelle it do not get dark . donna yeah . it 's tough to get use to . you okay ? . noelle yes. donna you want to talk ? noelle no. 51 52 6/4/98 50 . donna I wish you do . a moment . noelle keep she voice flat , ungive - noelle I know . conversation over . donna , worried , go back to bed - ext channel - day - various shot 51 we hear donna singing as we watch Joe at the wheel positioning the raven to set , watch he work in tandem with he mate , hurry back to pick the net and help clear the deck of writhe , flopping salmon . he be totally into the work , with no time to doubt himself or he ability - int golden nugget - night ~ '' 2 donna finishes she song . she step down of the stage toa fmatter of applause . smilin Jack raise a drink from he table - smilin jack I already get you one . donna look at the drink , consider - donna how would you guess ? smilin jack be keep my eye on you . donna sit , take the drink - smilin jack like you sing . donna thanks . smilin jack you really class up this joint . donna I have play worse . smilin Jack offer he hand - * smilin jack Jack johannson - donna shake , light up a cigarette - donna I have be warn . 53 54 6/4/98 51 . smilin jack uh-oh . . donna a lot of formerly - marry woman take fly lesson from you . smilin jack ( laugh ) yeah , well - a lot of formerly - marry woman be suing I for alimony . : I be think of get out of the bush pilot game , find something more lucrative . donna let 's see - fast food service , camp counselor - smilin jack ( smile ) you live here ? donna one year tour of the frozen North . smilin jack out on you own ? she consider for a beat , then shut he down gently - donna no - I be - I be hook up with a guy . smilin jack musician ? donna ( shake she head ) he 's a fisherman . ext raven - night 53 Joe walk the deck of the boat at anchor , check that everything be fine . he look out at the water , the sky . he seem , for the first time since we have meet he , to be at peace - fade out : ext channel - morning - harmon 54 harmon be on he skiff in front of the lodge , reeling something in with great effort , the radio blaring - harm Christ - the head of a enormous halibut appear above water , harmon 's line taut with its weight . he reach down for something - 55 55a 55 B 56 6/4/98 52 . int lodge - day 55 Lou be watch from the lodge , a screwdriver in she hand - lou oh my . God - harmon harmon have a pistol in he free hand . he haul the halibut a little further out of the water - pop ! shoot it between the eye - lodge - lou Lou , shake , cross to find frankie at a table go over the menu - . lou he just shot a fish . frankie shot it ? lou a halibut . it be like a gangland execution . frankie ( consider ) we could use some fresh halibut . when 's Joe get in ? ext stairway - day 55a Bobby climb up a long wooden stairway toward Joe 's house . he pause to rest - ext joe' house 55 B a modest wooden house build into the side of a steep hill . Bobby stand on the porch deck rapping on the door - bobby Joe ? you home ? joey ! he cross to peer in a window - int dine room - lodge - afternoon 56 a pretty good crowd for lunch . we start on noelle , pause next to the agonize face on a decorative totem , then follow as she bring four plate of fresh halibut to a table . she pass Bobby , seat talk to he waitress , stacy - bobby but he still work here ? 57 6/4/98 53. stacy on and off . he 's out on a fishing boat right now . bobby fishing ? Joe ? stacy uh-huh . can I tell you about we special ? . noelle bring we to the next table where albright be entertaining a trio of investor - albright what be you buy when you get on a roller coaster ? not risk , because nobody but fringe consumer want that , but the illusion of risk - be hurl to the edge of danger but know you will never have to cross it . noelle lay the plate out -- albright Mr. Disney 's innovation be to . put that carnival ride and attraction into a story context , where you could imagine yourself a character in one of he cartoon epic as you float through a plaster -of - Paris jungle . the obvious next step - and this be the core of we proposal - be not bigger and better facsimile of nature , but nature itself . ext marina - evening 57 we see the raven pull into the dock - albright ( v.o. ) think of Alaska as one big theme park - frankie and Lou be wait on the float as Joe ease the gillnetter into the slip - lou ( call ) how would we do ? . joe all right . the mate jump out to tie the boat off and Joe step down onto the deck - frankie we catch something ? 58 ee ons od oe eee ne 54 . joe make we limit . frankie in three day ? joe they be run pretty fair - lou oh my God - Joe heft a huge salmon - joe kept a few out for the restaurant . int golden nugget - night 58 Bobby blow into the bar flash a confident smile at the late- night crowd . the bartender , VIC , recognize he - vic Bobby - bobby Jesus , look at this place . you be all right where I leave you six year ago - same barstool , everything . hey , harmon , audrey , lookin good - * do somebody come in and dust you once a week ? harm how 's the charter racket , Bobby ? bobby can not complain . I be think of bring my Glacier Bay client in here - ' see Port Henry 's Wax Museum , amazingly lifelike figure pose in various stage of drunken stupor - ' ( to bartender ) set up a round for this character , Vic . ( to patron ) I just come up from baja - chitchat the client , lay on the cerveza , go out and harrass a few whale - harm you like that ? bobby I like not freezing my nugget off here all winter , waitin to see who go shacky wacky and blow they brain out first - re ee en rn eieio 55 . audrey you know roscoe karne ? bobby roscoe with the voice box ? he stick he thumb against he trachea - bobby drink like this so it do not leak out of he windpipe ? audrey * blew he brain out February . bobby I rest my case . Vic , I hear my brother 's be come in here - harm fuckin sellout - audrey * you would have do the same thing . harm no fuckin way . shove a stake right into my heart - vic he 's right in the corner , here , Bobby . Bobby turn and see Joe - bobby jumpin Joe . the man himself . joe Joe sit back by the pool table , beer in hand , wait for donna to come on - bobby ( o.s. ) hey , bro . Bobby stand across the pool table from Joe - joe ( cautious ) Bobby - ' bobby hear they shut the pulp mill down . joe and the cannery . bobby tough break . 6/4/98 56 . joe ( shrug ) town smell better . bobby they tell I you be out work for a couple of button nibbler at harm King 's old lodge - joe that 's right . how you be ? Bobby come around , sit on the edge of the table closer to Joe - bobby terrific . I have be terrific . take this National geographic crew out to do a piece on the sea lion rookery just before I come up . get lot of repeat client , computerize my navigation - joe Teresa - ? bobby Teresa and the kid be cool , joaquin hit kindergarten at the montessori this year - joe great . bobby you get to come down some time , expand - you horizon . joe some time . bobby listen , somebody say you be out fishing - joe yeah . I just get back . bobby what 's the story ? . joe ( shrug ) frankie and Lou have a boat , gota license , they ask I to go out . bobby back in the saddle again . joe so to speak . 6/4/98 57 . bobby so thing be okay with you ? joe can not complain . Bobby nod , sit in a chair next to Joe - bobby I be sorry I could not get up for the Old man - joe no problem - bobby I have this people - Hollywood real estate honchos - joe you could not make it . I do not have a ceremony or anything . ' just do the paperwork and put up a headstone - bobby you get my check - joe yeah , thanks . bobby I call my mom , let she know - joe how would she take it ? bobby change the subject . joe he be who he be . bobby die in bed , man . I always figure he would freeze to death in the parking lot outside some joint - joe you know the laundromat over . in wrangell where you can take a shower ? bobby | the guy who come off the boat - joe two , three year ago I be in there , get my soap , get my towel - and back in the steam I see this old guy . ( more ) 6/4/98 58. joe . I say to myself ' that be one beat - to - hell human be ' . the guy look up and it 's the Old man . bobby he talk to you ? joe he say stuff . the last year - he be not really with the program any more . that 's the last time I see he . bobby the Old Salt . the Old prospector . i_tell my client storey about the Old man - colorful shit , you know , the tour guide part of the job . how he lose that finger , how he get through the quake and all the tidal wave on that tender - you have hear they all - joe yeah - bobby but the guy I be scared shitless of when I be little , nobody want to hear about he . joe no . bobby joey , I get to ask you a favor - joe me? bobby have I ever ask you for anything ? joe what be it ? bobby I get a situation - it 's a finesse thing with a client . I get to go pick he up in skagway ? I need somebody to crew for I , bring he back down . joe you always run you operation on you own . 6/4/98 59 . bobby this be just for appearance . it 's a business deal , see , and I need to impress this guy , I need to look less like a captain and more like - like - joe like a admiral . bobby . exactly . it 's a milk run , and since you be on the water again - joe I have go out once - bobby I can trust you . this deal - business deal - it 's sensitive . Word can not get out . joe when would we go ? bobby Day after tomorrow . I just get to set a few thing in motion - joe I will see if I can get off work - bobby hey , you be save my ass , man , I appreciate it . you and I , we be - joe practically stranger . bobby we be the gastineau brother , man . joe half-brother . bobby right . and awkward moment between they , then Bobby get he second wind - ' bobby ( rise ) listen , I get to run , bro- I 'mona schedule here . I be down at the South marina - . joe the orca princess . 60 . bobby Sunday morning , seven sharp , we catch the tide - Joe watch he cross to the bar . we hear the band warming up - bobby - it will be a blast . bar Bobby lay a fifty on the counter , nod at the patron on the stool - bobby Water the plant again for I Vic . one more round - harm stoly on the rock ! bobby fuckin-a . take it easy , folk . audrey see you , Bobby . they watch Bobby walk out of the bar - vic kid always have a lot of pizazz . donna ( 0.s. ) good evening lady and gentleman - donna donna stand with microphone in hand , surveying the sparse first - set audience - donna - I be donna de angelo and this be the Golden nugget . she see Joe , smile - joe Joe watch from he corner - donna ( 0.s. ) I see some familiar face in the audience - donna very happy to see he again - oe meet '' < 59 60 61 6/4/98 61 . donna welcome back . fade out : ext build - morning - noelle 59 noelle sit on a stone stairway in front of a house , school book in she lap . we hear school kide yakking in the distance . she turn to peek over the stair wall - Pov - school , kide high school kide gather in group of two or more , talk before they have to go into the building . the bell ring , and they start head . for the door - noelle noelle stand , hesitates , prepare to make the plunge - ext joe' house - day 60 the modest house on the side of the hill - int joe' house - day , 61 donna be check out Joe 's live room for clue as she talk to he - joe there 's a lot of factor . there 's tide - be it with you , be you plow into it , be it slack , where 's the moon in its cycle - there 's wind , which can jump around on you when you be ducking in and out of this island - there 's the size of the channel you be go through , the configuration of the bottom - donna you still know all this stuff ? joe yeah - as much as you can know it . it 's like you spend enough time with somebody , even if you do not see they for a long while , you still recognize they mood . donna mmmn. ( indicate room ) this be not what I expect . joe what would you expect ? 6/4/98 62 . donna some guy , they live alone , it can get -- joe I have the Health Department over this morning , they spray the wall down . she smile , indicate he CD collection - donna you listen to a lot of different stuff . . joe yeah . . donna that 's good . I mean , you see a whole wall of nothing but the butthole surfer - joe or Beethoven - donna yeah , that can be its own problem . and you read book - joe some . donna so you be either a very nice , quiet guy who life alone or you be a serial killer . Joe laugh - 5 donna I mean , my track record for conciously choose man be so horrendous - if I ever hook up with somebody good it will be pure luck . she step to Joe , kiss he , step back to look at he - donna but the odd have get to be in my favor by now - they kiss again , rapidly get excited and make out stand up . they waltz over to a wall for some support , start to breathe hard and pull at clothes till donna wreak for air , look at Joe again - donna careful . I be be careful , okay ? 62 63 6/4/98 . joe okay . I too . they resume , a little more cautious - int classroom - noelle noelle sit at she desk - teacher ( 0.s . ) noelle , why do not we start with yours . noelle ? 63. 62 noelle seem to snap out of a trance . she rise and self - consciously step to the head of the room . she take she story from the teacher 's hand , turn : to face the class - noelle ( softly ) ' the Water baby . the midwife know at first look it be not a normal delivery - teacher ( 0.s. ) a little louder , noelle - noelle ( speak up a bit ) ' the midwife know at first look it be not a normal delivery . the newborn be cold as it struggle and gasped in she arm , wet and cold with a bluish pallor that do not change once she clear its throat with she finger . it fight for air but do not open its mouth . the mother , sweat - soak in she bedsheet , the father , video camera drop away from he apprehensive face , she assistant , already on the phone to the life support unit - all seem to move in a heavy slow - motion , as if under water . the midwife be halfway down the hall with the newborn before she notice they - a tiny , half - moon slit below each ear , line with a deep crimson membrane . gill - ' int hallway , school 63 we track with noelle as she walk through a crowded hallway . there be no SOUND but she breathe - Pov - kide we track through the kide from noelle 's paranoid vantage , every glance and laugh seemingly direct at she - 64 noelle we follow 6/4/98 64 . noelle as she duck into the girl ' room , head straight to the stall . she enter , slam the door on we - int joe' bedroom 64 donna and undress . Joe lie on Joe 's bed after take love , not totally donna be think , sniff a bit and wiping she eye . she speak out of the blue - Joe nod , donna ( reflective ) I never sleep with a drummer . joe be that good ? donna probably . it probably indicate a certain level of self - respect that I have never sink below . joe so ex-fishermen rate higher than drummer ? donna there be certain kind of fungus that rate higher than drummer . ponder - joe what bring this up ? donna I do not know if my daughter be a virgin or not . joe she 's go out with a drummer ? donna no . I be just - you know - think . joe have you ask she ? donna I do not want to know that badly . joe oh - donna if I ask she if she need new ; underwear she consider it invasive . 6/4/98 joe mmmn . donna she 's be a major babysitter since she be thirteen , always want she own money , she own room - joe independent . donna yeah . it 's good , I guess . you do not have any kid , do you ? joe no. donna but you be marry ? joe yeah . donna I know it . joe I be twenty - seven , she be twenty - ( shrug ) bad idea . donna she be too young - joe yeah , and I be - there 's a whole decade back there that 's pretty fuzzy - donna substance abuse - joe Major - donna why would you stop ? Joe have to think about this - . joe I do not have the gut to ride it all the way down . donna file this bit of information - donna it 's good you do not have kid to fight over . 6/4/98 66 . joe mmmmn . donna when 's the last time you be involved with somebody ? joe Bout a year ago . donna somebody from the pulp mill ? joe : aerobics instructor . donna not corky - joe you know she ? donna she work at my gym . so who dumped who ? joe she think I be too - downbeat . donna she use that word ? joe among other . donna well , she 's a real sparkplug , that corky - donna get up , sniff , start to button up to hit the street again - . donna listen , Joe , there 's something I have to tell you - joe ( with trepidation ) yeah ? donna I be allergic to wool . joe oh . . donna like a carpet , even if it 's a blend , or in a blanket or clothes - 65 6/4/98 67 . joe I can get rid of whatever - donna no , you do not have to - just if you see I itching - joe it 's not that big a deal . I already buy new sheet - in case you come over - donna ( pleased ) really ? joe yeah . donna consider he , the wheel turn - donna ( quietly ) uh-oh. int HOTEL suite - donna and noelle - night 65 noelle , still in she work clothes , hook up a rent vcr to the hotel tv set as donna pace behind she , smoking , dress for she set . they stuff be pretty much in order by now - donna so maybe this be a terrible idea , you can veto it if you want - noelle some guy . donna he 's very nice . noelle they be all very nice , right up until you say they be scum and should not be allow walk the street - donna this will be fun - it 's like a nature thing - noelle ( put upon ) please ~ donna you like he , you do not like he , whichever , you do not really have to deal with he again . it be totally my business . noelle then why do I have to go on a trip ? 6/4/98 68 . donna consider it a favor to I . it 's important he know you be more than a rumor - noelle I would rather stay a rumor . donna anyhow , you already know this guy - at least you have see he around - you work with he - noelle tighten , stare at she mother - donna - Joe gastineau ? who work for - donna feel the instant frost from she daughter - donna be there some problem with he ? he seem really nice . noelle just turn away , shaking she head . she be really upset - donna be there something I should know ? noelle ( quietly ) he 's fine . donna try to get around and see noelle 's face . it dawns on she - donna he 's not the guy you like out there ? noelle ? noelle stonewall she - donna honey , he 's my age . older . what do you think could happen ? nothing from noelle - donna nothing do happen , do it ? * noelle ( put upon ) give I a break . donna sit , try to figure out how to deal with this - 66 67 6/4/98 69 . donna maybe this be good , maybe it 's a sign - we do not usually go for the same type guy - noelle give she a stifling glare - donna if I have know you be interested in he , honey , I - '' but I do not know , do I ? so you can be mad at I , but not too mad , okay ? this be not a willful boyfriend - swiping type of thing , it 's - it 's something different . : noelle settles in a chair far away from she mother , moodily look out the window - donna if you do . this for I , I will love you forever . int HOTEL room - bobby 66 Bobby be pack he suitcase . he lay a pistol on top of the clothes . he sit , stare at it - fade out : ext marina - morning 67 donna sit on Bobby 's boat , the orca princess , watch Joe get it ready to take out - joe I do not know - I work with she . she 's a nice kid . she 's -- funny - donna really ? joe in a morbid kind of way , yeah . donna so you find she attractive ? joe I never give it much think . she 's a kid . noelle ! he wave to noelle , who come down the float carry a bag with she stuff for the trip - noelle ( wave ) hey . donna cli noelle . aboard - noelle be Joe take 6/4/98 70 . donna ( sotto voce ) be I share sleep quarter with you or with she ? joe up to you - donna you two know each other . I be go to get thing square away below : here - mb into the hold , too nervous to hang with Joe and Joe can tell that noelle be mad at he as she step joe some coincidence , huh ? noelle yeah . joe you like boat ? noelle I do not know . never be on they much . joe we be just gonna cruise up north a way , maybe see some whale , there 's seal , sea lion - noelle my mother hate boat . anything you do outdoors that 's fun , she hate it . joe uh-huh - noelle and she 's allergic to wool . joe yeah , she tell I . still sulk , work hard at it - joe you allergic to anything ? ' noelle my mother 's boyfriend . this in stride . donna pop back up between they - donna it 's terrific down there . 6/4/98 71 . joe yeah . Bobby 's get a nice operation go . she look to noelle , try to be cheerful - donna I love boat float - bobby Bobby look back behind he to see if anybody be watch , then turn and hurry down the float toward he boat , lug he overnight bag and a sack full of supplies . he slow as he see Joe on deck with donna and noelle . Joe see he , see the confuse look on he face - joe Bobby - bobby hey , terrific , you make it - joe this be donna de angelo - she daughter noelle - bobby how you do ? donna hi. noelle hi . Joe grab Bobby 's gear and Bobby step aboard - joe they be go to come along for the first leg of the trip . bobby ( surprised ) oh - great , terrific - we will go the scenic route - joe I bring some extra grocery . bobby ( recover ) guy 's be reheating bean on a hotplate for twenty year , I hate to see what he buy . you lady can stake out you territory below while I get my chart on -line . Nice to have you aboard . 68 69 70 6/4/98 72 . ext water - day 68 we watch the orca princess motor out from the marina , Port Henry in the background - on board Bobby start by the wheel , talk to the other - bobby ( well - rehearse ) - okay - safety lecture . falling overboard be highly discourage here on the orca princess , however if for any reason you should unintentionally enter the water , scream you lung out and thrash around as long as be feasible . if you observe one of you shipmate take the plunge , please do not attempt to dive in and save they . throw one or more of the various floatable item you see around you toward the swimmer and inform you captain or you first mate - that 's Joe . if the immerse party have be reasonably good company on the voyage we will come about and attempt a rescue at sea . life preserver be locate - ext sea - day - ' various shot / computer chart 69 we see the boat pass through channel , by glacier , great scenery , etc . the natural world be very big up here - ext boat - bow - afternoon 70 under sail . Joe , noelle and donna sit up in the bow , eat lunch . they be all tense . Joe try to make conversation - joe the first night maybe you throw some water on you face , take you clothes off , crawl under the sheet -- it seem like minute before they yank you out of bed again . you pick the money fish out of the web , ice they down , make another set - the second night you sleep in you boot , maybe take you jacket off , on top of the rack . the third night you might not make it below - by the end of the week you just find someplace safe to lean on and close you eye for a few minute . I have sleep on fish . : donna sound like Hell . Joe shrug , a bit embarrassed - 6/4/98 73 . joe people get hook on it . donna God know why . joe it 's the thing itself - you know ? you go out , you find the fish , you pull they out of the ocean . you be right there with it . everything else be like second-hand - people work in cannery , they sell real . estate , they sell t-shirt , whatever . what if you could not sing anymore , you have to - what - work in a record store ? donna so you like it . joe yeah . donna and it 's dangerous , you get off on that . joe ( reflective ) yeah . I guess I do . donna look over to where noelle sit , raise she voice a little - donna noelle 's study to be a nuclear physicist . noelle very funny . donna you could if you want to . you be smart enough . noelle right . donna she kind of give up on math and science - ' noelle they be boring . donna almost every year she 's be in a different school system . she 's a really good writer . 6/4/98 74 . noelle how would you know ? donna I have read you storey . noelle when I be twelve - donna . but you still write , do not you ? no response from noelle . Bobby call , start to take the sail down - bobby weather service say we get a gale come down at we . we be not go to make it to the narrow . donna ( to Joe ) be that bad ? 71 ext sea - orca princess - late afternoon 71 the orca princess plow ahead through gale wind and high seas - cabin Joe and Bobby stand by the wheel , the roof zipped over they head . Bobby be scrolling through the computer chart of the island and passageway ahead -- bobby ( point ) if we can put in back around here the mountain will knock down a lot of the wind - joe not a great anchorage - bobby you be in there ? joe nope . bobby if we stay out here we be gonna get hammer .. how 's the kid ? 72 int cabin - donna and noelle 72 donna sit with noelle , who hold she head between she leg - donna . you want some water ? wash you mouth out ? 73 74 6/4/98 75 . noelle no. donna we could try another one of that pill - noelle no . I will be alright . donna notice something on the inside of noelle 's arm - donna what be this cut ? noelle what ? donna this - noelle just cut . donna how would they get there ? noelle shrug indifferently , not want to get into it - noelle : maybe I get they at work . Bobby pop down , drip wet - bobby we be gonna pull up into a inlet here and drop anchor for the night . when it calm down a little I will throw some steak on the grill - noelle duck she head again - noelle oh God - ext inlet - boat - night 73 the wind have abate but there be still a roll swell . we see the orca princess anchore near shore in a protect inlet - int galley 74 donna sit watch as Bobby put steak in the little broiler - 6/4/98 76 . bobby ' frosh phenom can thirty in overtime upset ' . ' soph sensation lead St. k cager to State final ' - donna he 's get that scar on he knee - bobby . hey , this be jumpin Joe gastineau we be talkin , the houdini of the hardwood , the Beethoven of the Bank - shot - donna he be good ? bobby John wooden send a scout up to look at he - donna that 's somebody I should know ? bobby in basketball that 's like God send the angel Gabriel down to check out you move . joey graduate , they retire he number , they retire he locker , they bronze all he old jockstrap and put they in a trophy case - joe ( enter ) High school . bobby hey - joe game 's change a lot since then . now I would just be another guy . bobby right . this tofu burger thing - she like it mealy , medium mealy , black and crispy - ? donna I do not think she 's hungry . bobby when this be still a territory , it be a hang offense to eat anything make of bean curd - donna she 's picky with food - 6/4/98 77 . bobby no meat ? donna . no meat , no fish , no dairy - bobby food Nazi . I could scrape some of the green stuff off the anchor chain , heat that up for she - : 75 int forward bedroom 75 noelle sit on the bed , listen - donna ( 0.s. ) at home , I scramble egg in the morning , she make I feel like a criminal . bobby ( 0.s. ) hey , if you own kid can not make you feel like shit , what 's the point , right ? 76 ext deck 76 Bobby sit up on deck after dinner , look out over the water , uneasy . he glance up as Joe join he - bobby listen - Joe listen to the night . nothing but wave and breeze - bobby you hear anything ? joe no. bobby I think I hear a motor . joe nobody come back here . Bobby look toward the companionway - bobby ( sotto voce ) we get a problem , Joe . the girl there - . joe I be sorry , I should have ask - 6/4/98 78 . bobby do not get I wrong , they be really nice , they be terrific - but this guy I be meeting - guy , actually - Bobby do not want to spit it out - joe what 's go on ? bobby it 's complicated - joe tell I . bobby I be in a situation - I invest in some real estate , it do not come out the way I hope - there be a cash - flow squeeze . I have this client - they own a organic food business ? i_ take they all the way up from baja to Glacier Bay , they be high the whole time but nice , right ? we get along really good , and at the end they give I a bonus - it 's a pound of hash - joe Bobby - bobby primo stuff . they say how if I want to , if I be that kind of guy , pow easy it would be for I to - you now - joe oh , Christ - bobby so they connect I with somebody who connect I with somebody else and I bring a couple load up the last few year . it 's a piece of cake , right , and the money get I out of a jam . it 's just hash - it 's not crack or heroin , it 's something I might do myself , recreationally . lot of good people do it - joe be you carry drug on board ? bobby no , I be not Joe , and that 's the problem . ( more ) 6/4/98 79 . bobby the last time up , I be off cape caution , the canadian patrol boat come racing out at I , I get paranoid . I dump the whole batch . joe aww - bobby . hundred of thousand of dollar , I get nervous and it 's fish food . turn out they have I confuse with another boat , somebody réport they run too close to a pod of humpback . Bobby be very shaky now - bobby this guy , Joe , I do not know that much about they , but they do not fuck around . they think I sell it on the side , that I be hold out . they arrange a meet in baja , I get nervous again , I smell a set - up , and I - do not show . I come up here - my home turf - I contact they , arrange a meeting , tell they we will work it out . joe that 's where we be head ? bobby I get it all work out - a payment schedule , mortgage on the boat , mortgage on the house - I figure they would rather get they money back than - this be businessman , right ? joe what be I suppose to do ? bobby I tell Teresa , Joe . she leave I . take the kid , go across to Tijuana to stay with she sister . you get to help I out of this thing - . joe you bring I on board , you do not tell I shit - . 6/4/98 80 . bobby I can not - I can not do this alone . I need somebody to back I up - just for they to see somebody behind I , I get family , whatever . who else can I trust ? Joe do not answer this . he look toward the cabin , light come up from the galley - bobby but the woman - we go by tenakee Springs first thing tomorrow , right , we drop they off . '' they be gonna fly back anyway , you have the plane pick they up there . Joe continue to brood - bobby Joe ? joe stay up here for a bit . I will figure something out to tell they . bobby you be save my ass on this , Joe . joe you do not deserve it . Joe head for the cabin . Bobby listen to the night - 77 int forward bedroom 77 donna and noelle arrange thing so they can fit in the bed - noelle why do not you go in with he ? donna I feel funny - noelle Cause of I ? donna I do not know . I just feel funny . '' noelle not as funny as I be gonna feel sleep in the same bed with you . donna you use to all the time . it be not that long ago . 6/4/98 81 . noelle it be that long ago . it be in another lifetime . donna it could be kind of fun - noelle look , if we be not try to impress some guy we would not even be here . donna what do you mean ' we ' ? noelle you know what I mean - joe ( 0.s. ) hey ? donna there 's no room , but come on in if you want . Joe open the door and look in - joe ( to noelle ) how you feel ? noelle a little better . joe the wind 's come down , so it should be pretty calm tonight . tomorrow we be go to swing over to tenakee , drop you off there - donna ( hearing ) what 's that ? joe it 's this little town with a- donna ( point ) no , that - upstairs - Joe turn and they hear voice , raise and angry - donna somebody come on board ? joe no -- pop ! a gunshot ring out and Joe immediately push into the little room , shutting the door behind he - : 78 79 80 81 6/4/98 82. donna what 's happen ? pop ! pop ! two more shot ! joe follow I ! just - whatever happen , follow I - he be up kneel on the bed unlatch the little square plexiglas hatch overhead - donna donna peek out the door - Pov - legs a man 's legs , not belong to Bobby , start down the ladder from the cabin - donna she shut the door , look to Joe , who be climb up through the hatch - ext deck - joe 78 Joe stay as low as he can , crawl out from the hatch , then reach down and grab noelle to pull she up - int forward bedroom 79 donna push to help noelle out , then take Joe 's arm - voice ( 0.s. ) they be in the back here ! ext deck 80 Joe help donna through and pull they both by the hand to the side of the bow close to the shore - voice ( 0.s. ) shit ! they be up here ! Joe push noelle , then donna , then dive - pop ! pop ! as more shot be fire - ext water - night 81 splash ! Joe hit the water and come up , find the two woman tread water - joe swim ! come on ! pop ! pop ! pop ! the three swim for shore as gunshot ring out over the black water . 82 83 6/4/98 83. about halfway to shore a flashlight beam begin to play over the water , search for they - ext shore : 82 Joe reach the shore first and help the other up over the rock . pop ! pop ! Wild shot be fire from the boat . Joe hurry the woman into the tree . noelle do not have shoe - ext tree - night . 83 Joe , donna and noelle move back into the thick wood , climb awkwardly . finally they stop , breathless , wet and shiver , support themselves against the bole of a fall tree . Joe immediately start pull he clothes off , wring they out and lay they on the tree - donna what the fuck be go on ? joe somebody shot Bobby . donna who shot he ? why ? joe I do not know - he tell I he be in trouble , just now - I do not know how they find we - . donna what be we gonna do ? joe take you clothes off - donna what ? joe we have get to get the wet thing off and huddle up together or we will freeze . hurry - donna we have to get help ! joe there 's nobody on this island . help noelle - . noelle be shiver uncontrollably - noelle I be cold . donna bend to help take noelle 's clothes off - 84 6/4/98 84 . joe if they come after we we be go to have to move , so put you shoe back on - noelle I do not have any - donna I do not believe this . this can not be fuck happen - they get the last of noelle 's clothes off . Joe wring they out and lay they out on the tree . donna lift noelle in she arm , hugging she close . Joe put he arm around both , sandwich noelle - joe the night do not last too long this time of year . we be gonna be alright . wider we see the three people crouching , huddle together up against the tree - fade out : ext inlet - boat - morning 84 the orca princess sit anchore in the early morning mist , water calm now . a charter boat be anchore beyond it . we see two men step down into a little skiff . we shift to see that we be look over the shoulder of Joe , crouching behind a tree - reverse Joe , wear only underpant and shoe , creep back into the wood - wood Joe return to the fall log to find donna and noelle start to dress in they damp , cold clothes . they be all draw and shiver - joe they be come in . they all turn as the whine of skiff motor start up . Joe go to one knee - joe ( to noelle ) hop on . noelle get on he back and he stand , then begin to climb diagonally through the tree . donna grab the rest of the clothes and follow - 85 86 6/4/98 85 . ext shore 85 the prow of the skiff bump the little beach . legs appear as the men drag it ashore - ext wood - various shot 86 Shots of the man , separately and together , search through the wood . we never see above they waist . one carry a handgun , the other a hunt rifle - wood the leg of one of the man pass through the frame . we hold , then track in till we see noelle , terrify , lie under a fall branch , try not to shake - voice ( 0.8s . ) hey - voice 2 ( 0.s. ) yeah ? voice ( o.s. ) this suck . I have have it with this shit . voice 2 ( 0.s. ) one more sweep . voice ( 0.s. ) fuckin mosquito eatin I alive - noelle close she eye . the man , turn back , step only inch from she face - voice 2 ( 0.s. ) let 's go back a different way than we come . wood - SUN we see the SUN high in the sky , frame by treetop . we tilt down to see donna and noelle sun in a open patch , look beat . they have stake out some of they clothes on stick to dry better . Joe step into the clear , kneel by they - joe the boat be go . he sit and pull off he shoe and sock - donna you think they ' 11 come back ? 6/4/98 86 . joe no way to know . listen , I be sorry -- I have no idea till last night that something be wrong - noelle you think they kill he ? joe yeah . donna where be we ? joe Little inlet on the backside of kuleshov Island - donna and that 's like up shit Creek without a paddle ? joe pretty much . I figure we should head around toward the channel while it 's still light , hope we run into a stream . we will be okay without food for awhile , but water - he wad a sock into the toe of one of he shoe and hand it to noelle - joe try this . noelle what be you go to use ? joe I will be careful where I step . go ahead . noelle stick she foot into the shoe , start to lace it up . donna hold she head in she hand - donna this be not happen to we . this be only a dramatization of somebody else 's pathetic story . . joe it could be worse . it 's not so cold yet - I have get my knife - donna dig in she pocket and produce she cigarette lighter - donna we can have a fire tonight . 87 88 89 6/4/98 87 . Joe take the lighter , roll it in he finger - joe I do not know -- the smoke . they might not be too far . donna I be not gonna let she freeze like that . not again . ext wood - afternoon 87 Joe , donna and noelle walk through the wood , the water visible just down the slope beyond they . noelle have Joe 's shoe on . Joe step carefully , watch the ground - ext wood - stream . 88 a stream a few yard wide run down the side of the hill . we pan , follow the current , till we come to Joe and noelle on they knee , drink - donna ( 0.s. ) there 's a place to cross down here ! Joe stand and we follow he down to where donna stand at the foot of a rotted plank - and - rock bridge span the stream - donna we do not have to get wet again . Joe kneel to examine a rotted plank - joe this have be mill . donna people make this thing , right ? joe a long time ago . ext wood - pens 89 overgrown , fall down pens stand under the tree , bit of wire and wood tangling as the wall sag this way and that . we pan to see Joe and donna check it out - joe people use to raise fox - for the pelt . it be a big deal for awhile . donna why come out here ? 90 91 6/4/98 88. joe land be available , I guess . people would hunt , fish , try to grow some thing - noelle ( 0.s. ) over here ! noelle noelle stand at the edge of a overgrown clear , stare at something . donna and Joe appear behind she , see - reverse we shoot past noelle toward a fall down wreck of a house - roof cave in , debris scattered on and around the rotted - through porch . weedy tree have grow up all around the fireplace and chimney , which be still stand - noelle , other noelle somebody live here . ext house - night 90 we see flame through the board and section of roofing that have be fashioned into a kind of lean - to , anchore by the fireplace - int house 91 a FIRE of stick and splinter wood laid in a old washtub smoke and crackle . noelle sit as close to the fire as she can while donna fan the smoke away with a shingle . Joe have he knife out and be try to make a pair of sandal from piece of ruin carpet . the interior of the house be a chaos of gut furniture and sagging wall . donna cough from the smoke - donna . tomorrow they will miss we . noelle will not be in class - noelle nobody ' 11 miss I in school . donna they '11 miss you at you job . and joe. and . I be suppose to sing at the nugget . joe be a few day before anybody 's likely to start call around for we . Bobby be not keep radio contact , nobody know he cut over this way . 6/4/98 89 . noelle how long do it take you to starve ? Joe glance at noelle - joe I do not know - depend on what shape you be in , what else you be do . donna : remember I do that fast when we be in Idaho ? how many day be that ? noelle : you cheat . donna I do not . I have some tomato juice - noelle then it be not a fast . donna . well I be starve now . how far do we have to walk ? joe couple day , maybe more - donna ( dismay ) day - joe I think we should hang here where we have get some shelter for a while , make sure that guy do not come back , then make a signal fire on the shore . donna people come in here to fish ? joe no. nobody do anything on kuleshov . donna look around the ruin interior - donna except the lunatic who build this place . fade out : 92 ext shore - morning 92 Joe scrape mussel off the rock with he knife as donna wade thigh deep in the water , pull up seaweed - donna how bout this stuff ? 93 94 95 6/4/98 90 . joe I do not think so . just take that batch you have get and rinse it in the stream . she head for a pile of darker green seaweed leave on a rock - donna we gonna make that signal fire ? Joe look out at the inlet - joe I think we can risk it tomorrow . we find a spot that do not go under when the tide be in . ext house 93 noelle step out with a armful of trash that she toss to the side of the house . she head back in - int house 94 still a mess but they have clear more space for themselves on the solid part of the floor . we follow noelle to a sodden mass of rag and papers , stuff into the fireplace , that she begin to toss wad by wad onto a section of carpet . she pause , come up with a small , leather - bound book with a clasp on it . '' she undoe the clasp . the page be damp but still intact - noelle ( read ) ' my Diary - | she look around , cross to a spot on the floor where light be slant in from a hole in the roof , sit and begin to read - ext house - day - cu sea cucumber 95 Joe knife slice into a dull purple sea cucumber , a long , turd - like creature , cut it into strip - donna ( 0.s. ) we gonna eat that thing too ? wider noelle and donna sit on section of the ruin porch , chew on mussel and wash they down with stream water from a batter metal pan . Joe be butcher the sea cucumber on a plank - joe Sea cucumber . lot of protein . 96 97 98 6/4/98 91 . donna right . ( to noelle ) pass I some of that alga - noelle kelp . donna kelp . this mussel be like rubber . noelle frankie steam they in white wine with ginger . donna give she a look - noelle ( shrug ) on a bed of saffron couscous . it 's one of the appetizer . I memorize they . joe if we be here for a while I will rig something up for cooking . donna make a bitter face and cough out something green - donna sorry . he hand noelle a small piece of the sea cucumber - joe chew this , really slow - ext inlet - night 96 ripples in the water - ext wood - night 97 the tree stir slightly with the breeze - int house - night 98 noelle 's face be light by flame as she read - noelle ( read ) " my name be Anne Marie hoak , and this be my diary . " joe and donna doe and donna sit on the floor on the other side of the smoky basin fire from noelle , listen - 6/4/98 noelle ( read , 0.s. ) " papa and mother and I have come here to make a go at the fox farming trade . if this pan out , say papa , " - noelle noelle ( read ) " - next year I can go back to finish with school . I offer to get on at the cannery to help out when we be in town , but papa say there be too much trash work there . he be a logger but fall while he be topping and now have headache and dizziness that prevent he from many of the trade other man pursue . this way , he say , we can live in the great outdoor and operate we own business at the same time , which be every man 's true desire . mother do not care for it . " wider noelle ( read ) " we have transport a dozen breeding pair of the blue - pelt fox and put they in they pen . they be lovely to look at but nervous and I need to mind my finger when I be near they . when the vixen be ready to bear we will separate they to be alone with they litter . papa be building a fish trap in the stream , as he hope to catch the return chum for fox - food . I expect it will be a hard life , but work be scarce back in town and papa 's spirit be get low . the people who build we little house try to make it fishing and row out for stray log to sell back to the mill , but they give up after a few season . mother go on about how she will miss female company and that I will have to be she special friend . I know that papa think he have be a disappointment to she , and sometimes she do not do much to hide it . I will be lonely here , I can tell , but it should be a great adventure , like caddie in caddie woodlawn . I will try to be a aithful writer , dear Diary , and tell you my innermost thought . " noelle put the diary in she lap look at they - revision 8/05/98 93 . donna wow . read some more . noelle tomorrow night . donna we may not be here tomorrow . noelle . I find it . i'11 read it when I want to . they stare at each other for a moment . neither blink - . joe we will have something to look forward to . like a soap opera . donna whoah . it sound like we be move in - joe there 's no tell how long it 's go to be . donna wonderful . she look at noelle , at the ruin around she , fight back tear - donna we be go to be alright , be not we ? we be gonna be fine . nobody second she . the fire crackle - fade out : ext sea - blackness we slowly fade in from complete blackness to see the surface of the sea at night . whoosh ! Joe , young , burst to the surface , gasp to fill he lung with air . he tread water , look about frantically , then call - joe lester ! oley ! nothing . we drift around to see a fishing boat , the cape Fox , anchore thirty yard away - joe hey ! somebody ! help ! help I ! it be Vic , young , who raise he head over the side of the boat . he be drunk and sleepy - 94 . vic * who the fuck be that ? joe they be on the boat ! lester and oley ! Vic stand unsteadily , look past Joe , puzzle - * VIC * what boat ? cu joe Joe tread , circle . no sign of he boat or he friend . he take a deep breath , dive under . blackness - 100 int house - night 100 Joe wake with a gasp , as if he 's be hold he breath . donna wake beside he . all three be sleep around the ember of the fire - donna you okay ? joe yeah - donna look over to noelle , still sleep , . huddle up against she under Joe 's jacket - donna all I want be for she to be happy and safe . she 's not either . Joe disentangle himself from they , squat to feed the fire - donna people must have always smell like smoke . she watch Joe for a long moment - donna what 's the matter ? he do not answer , brood - donna what ? joe . you can not always save people . they exchange a look , then Joe move to cover noelle 's foot - em to 101 6/4/98 95 . ext shore - morning 101 noelle struggle to drag driftwood across the rock . we pan to see Joe and donna pile wood and trash from the house at the edge of the wood - . closer Joe light a stick with some dry moss wrap around it with donna 's lighter . noelle arrive and lay the wood down . Joe light several section of the pile . it begin to smoke , then flame start up - joe we need to feed this a couple time a day . when the sky 's like this it will not be easy to spot , but on a clear day - donna what if it rain ? joe it rain , or the tide come in too high , we will probably have to start from scratch . donna and we hope somebody see this and wonder what the story be . noelle somebody who do not want to kill we . donna give noelle a hard look - joe it 's a possibility . donna you two be a great match . gloom and doom . noelle there 's no use pretend - donna yes there be . we be camp here . like survival school camp . this be what they mean by quality time , right ? no distraction , no media stuff , we get to know each other , gnaw the bark off the tree - people pay money to go on trip like this . they be both look at she now - " 102 6/4/98 donna you assume that bad shit be gonna happen , bad shit happen . she roughly throw some more branch of the fire - donna ( mutter ) I do not see the point . ext wood - afternoon Joe be try to make a fish - trap from piece of the old fox pen as noelle look on - joe the fish go in through here , then they can not turn around and get out . that 's the idea , anyway . this wire be kind of brittle . noelle where would you learn all this stuff ? joe my old man teach I . noelle you do lot of stuff with he ? joe when he have something to do and he need somebody to swear at he take I along . not the answer noelle want to hear - noelle my father 's a composer . my real father . joe how long do you live with he ? noelle I do not . she split up with he - you know - before . joe oh . . noelle Bobby be you half - brother ? joe uh-huh . noelle you ever live together ? 6/4/98 97 . joe no . we see each other around . he be a lot young - different friend , different life . noelle I have get two half - sister and a half - brother . . joe what be they like ? noelle . I never meet they . they be pretty little , still . I see themina - picture - he be in people Magazine , my father . joe so you do not visit ? noelle she do not want I to . joe so you write letter , phone call - ? noelle no . Joe glance at she , do not pursue it - noelle you do not think we be gonna get rescue , do you ? joe we have to stay strong until somebody come . we need to stay warm , find thing to eat . just concentrate on that . she finger the mesh on the trap - noelle think we will catch anything ? 103 int house - night 103 Diary time again . a fire in the fireplace . each of they have some kind of improvise seat - noelle " the house be small , but cozy now that we have clean it up and make it we own . ( more ) 6/4/98 98 . noelle I have my own room , and at night I can hear the owl call back in the wood and we fox yipping when something wild come by . yesterday I see whale feed in the inlet , go under for awhile then burst up through the surface with a great spout of air and cry of gull . there be blueberry everywhere . my finger be stain purple with they , though mother insist I will be attack by bear if I stray too far from the house . papa 's headache be better and I help he clear the fish trap and prepare the feed for the animal . it be unpleasant , sticky work , but must be do . I have get stronger handle the skiff and mother chide papa for make a boy of I , but I do not mind . the day it do not rain be God 's glory and most of we vixen be close to give birth . some day I will go for hour without speak , and feel I be change , perhaps posess by the soul of some long - dead indian girl , or perhaps the spirit of a she - wolf . this morning I snuck up on papa fell a spruce for the fireplace and watch he for a long time without he see I . perhaps I shall learn to become invisible . I make blueberry pancake . mother say if she eat any more fish she will grow fin and swim back to town . at night she have I kneel with she to pray . " noelle lay the diary down - donna sound like Mom 's not the wilderness family type . joe sound like it might be in the Depression . that 's what - fifty , sixty year ago - . donna you gonna read we more ? noelle consider , then open the diary again - 104 105 106 6/4/98 99 . noelle " the terrible birthing have begin . we think one of the vixen have eat she litter . the kit , the one that survive , be lovely once they eye open . papa tell I not to handle they but when he be off sometimes I do . they head be squarish and fluffy . " she close the diary and shut the clasp with finality - donna ( smile ) Fox baby . fade out : ext shore - morning _ 104 noelle be pick she way across the tidal mud , poke into air hole with a long stick to dig out clam . we see the plume of smoke from the signal fire far behind she . she suddenly cry out , almost step on_someth . she step back , frighten , then approach slowly . we see that it be Bobby 's corpse , half - bury in the mud , crab chew on it . noelle contemplate it for a long moment . she flick one of the crab away with the stick . feeling shaky , she sit on a rock - int wood - afternoon 105 we follow Joe , lug a large rock . he bend and place it on a pile of similar rock , fill up a depression in the forest floor . donna and noelle stand watch - donna be not that enough ? joe do not want the bear to dig he out . ( to noelle ) I be real sorry you have to see that . donna killing somebody for money - joe by the middle of the winter up here people kill each other cause they be bored . he take a risk and it do not work out for he , that 's all . he lift up another stone , heave it onto the pile - ext shore - day 106 we hear noelle read softly from the diary , she voice flat as we watch Joe walk moodily along the shoreline - 6/4/98 100 . noelle ( v.o. ) " Winter have lock we in its icy embrace . the pelt of the animal be thick and bluish and we home be blankete with snow . papa call it limbo , because it sure be not Heaven and it 's too cold to be Hell . mother wonder about purgatory , but he say no , purgatory have a end to it . do not torture I so , say mother . noelle noelle sit up by the treeline , cry , watch Joe in the- distance - noelle ( v.o . ) the salmon we dry have run out . the kit be eat solid food now and it be hard to keep up with they . papa go to the far side of the island and shot a pair of sea lion , but could only bring one back without tipping over in the skiff . I have to help he with the cross - cut see , break it down to piece that we keep freeze in the shed . papa say it 's just meat but I try not to look at what I be do : the other sea lion have be get to by a bear when papa row back . donna donna sit by the signal fire , watch the sky - noelle ( v.o. ) we put a piece of the freeze meat in each of the pen and the fox fight over it and gnaw at it and the outside melt from the heat of they little tongue . mother will not deal with they anymore . she have grow silent with the short , darker day , and only now and again will she break out into one of she Bible song . she ask I to join she , but we do not harmonize well . 107 int house - night 107 noelle read by the fire , Joe and donna listen in moody silence - noelle ( v.o. ) I have a dream about Fox . he be a young man who come for I on snowshoe , dress in the blue pelt . ( more ) 108 109 110 6/4/98 101 . noelle ( v.o. ) his skin and hair be dark but his eye be ice-blue . all the other here be pair , he say , papa and mother , the sire and the vixen , but I be alone and he can not let that continue . sometimes in the dream he stay with we , but usully he pick I up and carry I to his own island . papa say if we can get the animal through the winter they be a gold mine . he say fortune have be start on less . he say if he keep have he dizziness I will have to go hunt with he the next time . the burn from where mother hit he with the bacon grease be only pink now , heal , though the hair do not grow on that part of he jaw . I be sewing a sampler . " she close the diary . donna and Joe watch the fire , think - ext stream - morning 108 time have pass . noelle , stand thigh - deep in the stream , yank the jerry - rig fish trap to the surface . there be a very large salmon catch in it , flap desperately as it hit the air . she cry out and drop the trap , then get she courage and haul it up again . she smile - ext wood - morning 109 Joe and donna embrace lean up against a tree , hold tight , rock a little , cling like they life depend on it - noelle noelle stand back in the tree , watch mutely , the salmon sling over she shoulder with a cord through its gill - ext shore - afternoon 110 Joe pull a flat stone out from the ember of the signal fire , blow the ash off it . he lay thin strip of the salmon meat on it - joe you do not worry about burn it up this way -. just flip it over after a minute - we shift to see donna and noelle . noelle sit away from they , sulk , shiver slightly - joe ( to noelle ) you laid the trap back in ? 6/4/98 102 . noelle yeah . . joe Indians use to smoke everything they could not eat , hope that it last the winter . : donna be look at the sky - donna good day for plane . noelle nobody 's come . donna do not be negative - noelle in two week how many plane have we see ? Zero . donna we hear that one . joe there would have be more if they be search for we here . donna what do that mean ? joe Bobby may have tell people at the dock we be head in a different direction . he think people be after he - noelle people be after he - joe yeah . anyway , they may be search in a totally different area . noelle stupid - donna noelle - . noelle try to impress you boyfriend , drag we out on a boat - donna that 's enough . a silence . 6/4/98 103. noelle it 's true . donna look , I be cold , I be hungry , I be dirty , and I be scared shitless , just like you . but I be try to help we get through this thing - noelle . I should not be here . I should not be in this state , I should not - donna nobody be to blame for this - noelle yeah , right - donna when you be of age , noelle , you be free to go fuck you own life up . until that day , I be afraid , it 's my job to fuck it up for you ! donna look to Joe - donna you could help I with this - noelle he 's not my father . donna thank God for that . noelle what 's that mean ? donna you father would have go off pick berry or something and that 's the last we would have hear from he . noelle that 's not true . donna how would you know ? he be in the same room . with you maybe twice - noelle you would not let he - donna if you cross he mind once a year , max , I would be surprised - 6/4/98 104 . noelle every Christmas - donna oh noelle - noelle he send I a bike , he send I a watch , he send I a dollhouse - donna iI send the watch ! this shut noelle up . she have no idea . donna be not happy she let it out - donna I send the bike - all of it . I figure when you be little , you have Santa Claus , the Easter Bunny , you might as well have a father in California who send you stuff . noelle glare at she , tear in she eye . Joe flip the salmon , hope to stay out of the crossfire - noelle ( mute ) I hate that dollhouse . donna I know , honey , but you would not let I exchange it , cause it be from he . remember ? she see that noelle be shaking - donna be you okay ? noelle I be great . I be kickin- donna ( move ) let I feel you forehead - noelle push she hand away - noelle leave I alone ! donna back off . she use a piece of seaweed to pick up the hot stone , offer noelle the salmon - donna eat something . 6/4/98 105 . 111 int house - night 111 noelle read solemnly , slowly . she be by the fire and wrap in Joe 's jacket , but still tremble with a fever - noelle " I be the one who find they . it be time to clean the scat from the pen so I have the shovel and the bucket and then there be blood everywhere in the snow . all of they tear and smashed , even my little kit . a bear , say papa , though when have a bear get into a half - dozen different pen without break the gate ? mother say nothing , but she be only a black spot this day , and refuse to celebrate Christmas . the pelt be ruin , of course , worthless , and we long care be for naught . papa could not speak when he see they . he say he head hurt try to think a way out of we dilemma . Joe shoot a look at donna to see how she be take this - noelle I dream that Fox come and be angry for what we let happen , that he hold I down on the snow and I feel his hot breath on my face , feel it bitter in my throat , and feel he ice - eye cut into I . I wish he would come soon . mother sleep with I now and it be cramped and tense . you would think another body under the cover would bring warmth , but I wake feel drain , like she have pull all the heat from I . I be do the cooking now and my eye be always red from the smoke . the wood be too big for the cookstove , but the axe have go miss and we can not break it down . mother say Hell be a cold place . maybe I be the soul not of a she - wolf , but of a soar bird that fly south every winter , and my heart be so sick because I be not suppose to be here in this cold , this dark , this wet . maybe I be like the air in this house , the air that do not move when papa and mother pass in silence , dead , smoky air that smell of wool and old bacon . tear begin to roll down noelle 's cheek as she read - 116 6/4/98 106 . noelle we throw the animal on the rock for the tide to deal with . papa cry . " fade out : ext shore - day 112 noelle be feed the signal fire . she hear something , stand shakily to look ’up , shading she eye - wider over noelle 's shoulder we see a float plane fly over the other side of the inlet . suddenly it bank and head right toward she - noelle excite , she start to yell - noelle it 's come ! it 's come ! int wood - afternoon 113 donna be drag fall branch toward the shore . she hear noelle 's voice , drop the branch and begin to run - ext shore 114 donna break out of the wood and begin to run toward the signal fire . Joe come out of the wood behind she , look to the sky , then follow run - joe donna ! careful ! noelle - plane noelle be in the fg as the float plane land in the inlet and taxi straight toward she - int plane - Pov 115 we see through the windshield as the shore approach . a young girl by a fire , join by a older woman and man - ext shore - trio 116 noelle and donna be beam , Joe worried - reverse the little float plane slow as it near the shore . Joe wade out into the water to grab hold of the float tether as the engine cut off and the prop stop turn . smilin Jack step out onto the float on he side - 6/4/98 107 . smilin jack yousfolk pick a hell of a spot for a clambake . donna ( step forward ) we have be stick here forever ! we have be strand ! smilin jack ( look past they ) any more of you ? donna just we . we be on Bobby 's boat - Joe 's brother ? and he be - murder . Joe shoot donna a look . it 's clear he do not totally trust Jack . Jack look at Joe - joe I be not sure who do it . we jump off at night -- there be a couple fella come in look and we hide , then they pull anchor - he shrug - smilin jack damn . how long you be here ? donna a week and a half ? we find what be leave of a old house , we have be hole up there at night . smilin jack ( shake he head ) and I be hope you people could help I . my radio 's shot , I be low on fuel and I be head into bad weather . joe ( suspicious ) you radio 's go ? smilin jack crapped out on I a half hour back . not even static . he look to the sky , look at the water - smilin jack tide 's go out fast . I be gonna have to turn this thing around and try to get out of here , send help - donna take my daughter , then . she 's sick - 6/4/98 108 . smilin jack ( grave ) I would love to , but I can not handle the weight . believe I , it will be safer here - donna she barely weigh a thing - smilin jack I get to jettison whatever I can : to have a fight chance . sorry lady . he pull off he jacket , toss it to noelle - smilin jack ( to Joe ) you want to give I a hand with this ? he reach in and start toss thing - on shore - smilin jack I get a first aid kit in here - no food though - donna and noelle noelle be shaking again . donna put she arm around she , grim - donna we will have to spend one more night out here . honey , that 's all . then they will come and get we - joe and smilin jack Joe help Jack wrestle the tiny plane around to face out to sea . they speak quietly enough that the woman can not hear - smilin jack I be real sorry to hear about Bobby , man . I use to party with he up in haine - joe what 's the story ? smilin jack what 's what story ? joe who send you ? Jack meet Joe 's eye for a long moment , then give a furtive look toward the shore - donna and donna and 6/4/98 109 . smilin jack couple guy - Mr. Smith and Mr. Brown - never see they before but I do not think they be up here to save the whale . they laid some serious money on I to poke around , see if I could spot three people rough it in the boony . joe and if you see they ? smilin jack just go back and tell they where . joe why would you land , then ? smilin jack I be on the level about the radio and the rest of it , Joe . I be hope to find some sport fisherman with a short - wave and a cooler full of brew . noelle noelle watch , donna reassure she daughter - donna we will sit in a hot bath for a day or so while people bring we everything we want to eat and drink and then we will get into a soft bed with clean sheet and just hibernate - plane , men smilin Jack get into the pilot 's seat and buckle up - smilin jack if I would know the deal with Bobby I would of turn they in - you have to trust I on that . joe right . Jack lean out and call out to the woman on shore - smilin jack hang in there , lady ! I will be back with the cavalry tomorrow ! he look to Joe - smilin jack wish I luck , buddy . 6/4/98 110 . Joe say nothing . Jack grin , shut the door , give Joe thumb up . Joe step off the float and move away as Jack revs the engine and begin to taxi away - shore Joe join donna and noelle as the plane gather speed and take off from the water - donna : we be save . we be gonna make it . joe yeah . int house - night 117 the three sit around the fire . Joe speak carefully , not , want to dishearten they , but deeply troubled . it have begin to rain outside - joe the last I hear he be fly out of anchorage , kick square halibut out - of a cargo plane - donna what 's that ? joe marijuana bale . you fly over a spot on the water , somebody signal with light or give you a code over the radio , and you dump you load . the people in the boat below fish the bale out and take they to the next stage . donna he 's 'a drug dealer . joe he 's whatever pay best and he can get away with . he 's get ball and he 's never get catch or buy the farm . bad weather , bad company - you get the cash smilin Jack 's you man . donna he hit on I a couple time at the bar . he seem like a nice guy . joe I do not say people do not like he . I say I do not trust he . 6/4/98 111 . noelle you think he might tell that man ? and bring they back here ? joe I do not know . I do not believe he about the radio - and we have get some personal history - donna like what ? joe his brother drown on a fishing boat . it be my fault . donna ponder this a moment - she turn donna ( decide ) he would not do that to we . he 's not a killer . noelle how do you know ? donna I have look in he eye . TI can tell thing about a person - noelle like you could tell that dwayne in Colorado Springs be not cheating on you with the cocktail waitress - donna this be different - noelle or that lyle would never hit you - donna once , he hit I once and I walk - noelle but you do not see it come , do you ? donna we do not have any choice ! you be sick , it 's get colder , we can not stay here ! to Joe for support - donna can we ? 118 119 120 121 6/4/98 112 . joe nobody 's come for a while if it keep up like this . not in a boat , not in a plane - donna look at the rain pour down outside - donna it do not look so bad . they will be get the rescue team together : by now . dissolve to : ext shore - day '' 448 rain blast the signal fire pile , no longer even smolder , as high seas blast the rock in the bg - . ext wood - day - various shot 119 rain beat down - ext house - day 120 we see the little lean - to house through a torrential downpour - int house 121 noelle , wear smilin Jack 's jacket , sleep by the fire , wheeze in the early stage of pneumonia . donna crouch by the open to the outside , watch the rain blast down - donna it 's get to stop sometime . joe sooner or later . donna humor I , okay ? joe it be worse yesterday . and the day before .. we just have to hang on . donna the signal fire be probably out - joe as soon as it clear we will get it go again . donna cross to noelle , feel she forehead , worried . she see something , dig - come up with the diary . Joe watch as she open the clasp , start to thumb through the page . she frown - 122 6/4/98 113 . donna it 's blank . joe what ? donna the page be blank after the first couple entry . the fox have not even have they baby yet . they both look at noelle . donna close the diary , clasp it shut , carefully replace it - int house - night " 422 we start on the FIRE , a bit smoky but comforting against the sound of the rain still . pelting down . we pan to noelle , wrap in as many layer as possible , eye bright with fever as she ceremoniously open the diary and fix Joe and donna with a look . she read softly - noelle we will not bury she on the island . she make I promise . she whisper it , hiss it in my ear one night when she be lay hard beside I in bed . " promise I " . she would not listen to anything else . we have come back from look for deer , papa and I , sign at the salt lick but nothing to shoot at . I be put he rifle back where he hide it in the shed roof when I hear he cry out . he would not let I in at first , though I hollere and strike at the door . he open up when he would get she down on the table , but I see the black mark around she neck where the cord be . the fire have go out , so we breath be show , papa and I , and it be like long white sigh of grief in the room and she mouth open and hair crispy to the touch . we wrap she in the afghan , then I get the fire go while papa just sit . nothing to say . later we find the note and she tell how the animal be Satan 's handmaiden , how they sharp little eye would not give she peace so she kill they and throw the axe in the wood . ' we have look into ourselves , ' she write , ' and what be there condemn we . ' we will take she off the island come first thaw . if Fox come then , pad through the tree to be my mate , he will find we go . 123 6/4/98 114 . donna and noelle lock eye for a long moment - donna that 's it ? noelle that 's it . the last entry . donna nod - donna poor thing . noelle who ? donna litte Anne Marie there . her mother do not love she enough to stick around . noelle she be crazy . donna she still leave she daughter in the lurch . I would never do that . no matter what . donna and noelle stare at each other . noelle fight not to ery - init house - night 123 Joe sit by the fire . donna sing softly as she hold noelle asleep on she lap . she stop , stroke she daughter 's 's hair -- donna I kind of look forward to she be sick . it 's the only time she let I hold she anymore . joe it 's some kind of fever . donna it 's in she lung . we have to get she out of here . ( sad ) you really think he might bring people to , kill we ? joe ( nod ) I hope I be wrong . donna if we - when we get back - I have still get this tour date up north . I would only be go for - 124 6/4/98 115 . joe she could stay with I . donna look at he - joe you both could - if you want - donna you be not sick of we ? joe if you be not sick of I . donna ( consider ) hey - there 's nobody in the world I would rather be strand in desperate circumstance with . really . but we should - take we time with the furniture - move part . we come with a lot of baggage - joe hey - donna she pretend not to , but she get she hope up for I . you know ? and when it do not work out --- joe I will take care of she . they look at each other , close the deal - ext shore - morning 124 a clear morning , finally . calm water . the signal fire be burn again - ~ wood donna , Joe and noelle stand at the edge of the wood , body half behind tree trunk , watch the sky . noelle be shiver , wear smilin Jack 's jacket . donna see , point - donna there it be . Pov - sky , plane a float plane be a tiny dot in the sky at first . we hear a distant buzz - trio watch with a mixture of fear and hope - 125 126 6/4/98 116 . donna it 's bigger . joe yeah . donna room for all of we . noelle or that man . donna look at she daughter , then at Joe . the buzz of the plane get louder . donna look to the plane , approach , and make up she mind - donna the hell with it . I be not stay here . she step out into the open - joe donna - donna donna march out and stand in front of the signal fire - int plane - Pov 125 still quite a way off , we see a small figure stand in front of a tiny fire - ext . shore - donna ' 126 donna try to keep a firm jaw as she watch the plane - wood Joe hesitates , then start out for she - shore Joe step up by donna . they exchange a uneasy look , then look back to the plane . the buz get louder . noelle appear between they , shiver . donna put she arm around she . Joe do the same . the lose family watch the approach plane as the buz get louder . we slowly fade to white . the buz get louder , louder , louder - end credit - music