limitless written by Leslie dixon base on the novel by Alan glynn December 21 , 2009 int . a black screen eddie ( v.0 . ) they find I . int . close 0n - a high - tech residential steel door be pounded in . wham ! wham ! whoever 's try to get in be serious . the door shudder but do not give . it 's state - of - the - art residential protection . eddie ( v.0 . ) I might have five minute . we hear the whrrrrr of power tool go to work on he door . this people be determine . professional . and prepare . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( ( cont 'd ) I will never know how they get past security in a half - billion dollar building . ext . the celestial - looking into the lobby - night the sleek lobby be desert . we see , through the glass , lie on the floor , the barest glimpse of the feet of what be presumably two dead security guard -- although they body be largely hide behind they massive curly walnut desk . all the security monitor be black -- the feed clearly cut . eddie ( v.o . ) they have become sophisticated . before they could not have do this . but now ...? the camera rise , breathlessly , in a blur , up all 80 floor of this stun new building , come to rest on ... eddie morgan , 30' , lean and stylish , stand on the exterior ledge of he multimillion - dollar terrace . New York City loom around he , beneath he . his hand be outstretch . balance . he be calm , but fatalistic . he 's clearly go to jump . eddie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I will never let they touch I . his attention be caught by the sound of a commotion in the next apartment . he look over , at - 2 . the adjoining terrace through the gauzy curtain of the window , two men force a middle - aged man towards the window ... there be argue . eddie ( v.0 . ) my neighbor must have hear the noise . open he door to complain . two muffled shot - the neighbor drop . the door be pound again . it do not give . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) he buy I half a minute . I wish he have not . last thought be self - pity and mine be no exception : the waste . the waste of it all . I mean , how many of we ever know what it be to become ... the perfect version of ourselves . I would come that close . to have a impact on the world . the pound intensify . eddie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and now , the only thing I would have a impact on ... he look over the railing ... eddie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... be the sidewalk . his smile be bitter , as we CUT to : ext . new york CITY STREET - day eddie ( v.0 . ) not so long ago , this be I . Eddie be walk down the street , messily eat a street falafel . his hair be longer , he clothes schlumpier , he face rounder -- he 's out of shape . a belly bulge against he belt . he wear jeans and that wear - out corduroy " writer 's " sport coat -- the one that you girlfriend fight to give to the salvation Army . ( continued ) 3. continued : eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I be a writer . two year after my copywrite job at dexter &amp ; kerr come to a non-mutual end , I have , in a extraordinary burst of desperate energy , bullshit my way into my first book contract . this be it : int . eddie' ratty rent-controlled apartment on avenue a - day Eddie , slump in he desk chair , be play computer scrabble . eddie ( v.0 . ) now , at last , I be ready to write . quick cut : -- Eddie sprawle on the couch , eat takeout and watch tv , the sink in the foreground full of dish . -- Eddie shoot basket into a toy hoop . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) gearing up , that 's all . -- Eddie sleep in he bed , sack out , the clock beside he click to 11:59 a.m . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) get psyched . -- Eddie sit on the john , play a game on he childhood game Boy . eddie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a few day do pass this way ... maybe a few month ... -- Eddie at he desk . he glance at he land line . the message light be unblinkingly green . no one 's call . eddie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Friends fle . his Pov pan to the foot high stack of unpaid bill next to the answer machine . eddie ( cont 'd ) and bank become attentive . but just in case you think nothing ever happen to I .... 4. int . a midtown coffee shop - day a female hand slide a key across the counter to eddie . Eddie stare in disbelief at he ( now ex ) girlfriend , lindy , a attractive , real - look girl , late 20' . she 's dress in a professional suit . she look very sad . lindy I do not think I can keep this . Eddie be broadside . hurt . eddie just like that . she shoot he a look of almost intolerable sympathy . eddie ( cont 'd ) I be kind of under the impression you care a little more than just -- lindy if I do not care , maybe I would be able to stand to watch you do this . eddie look , I be go to give 90 page to Mark on Friday . if you could just wait , see what he say - lindy stop . you think I do not know what you do all day ? I have love you . I know the good stuff , and I know the shit . eddie and it 's all shit to you now ? lindy you be the one live it . ( sympathetically ) do not think I do not know it 's worse for you . eddie then you know I could use a friend . he try to push the key back . he care about she , but he 's also " work " she sympathy , which she instantly smell . lindy do not you dare try that shit on I ! ( continued ) 5 . continued : she pierce Eddie with a look . do not take the key . eddie well -- what will work , then ? they both almost laugh . they know each other so well . but she look away , steeling herself . lindy I see where it 's go . you will lose you apartment . and then what ? you will move in with I -- eddie not with that enthusiastic invite -- lindy -- and then it will go on this way , and I will rag on you , and finally boot you out -- and then what ? I mean , have you run the film ? eddie ( v.0 . ) she know what be beckone : the lower bunk in my childhood bedroom in Newark . we would even have sex on it once . and it be a thing to be pity and avoid . Eddie sigh . drop the glib tone . look at she , finally muster the honesty she deserve . eddie ( cont 'd ) lindy . I really think I have it in I to do something . -- I be not get around it , but it be fuck there . and now , I , ah ... do not think it be . there . -- anything . at all . lindy look at he , clear -ey , see he as he be , and loving he anyway . lindy you know what ...? I would have have you move in anyway ... if ... eddie if , what ? she look away . its hard for she to admit this : ( continued ) 6. continued : ( 2 ) lindy if it be I you want . and not Melissa . eddie I never think about Melissa --! flash ! int . bedroom - night we be in Eddie 's mind , in he Pov , and we be see a lovely , willowy brunette , wear a undershirt , bend seductively over he ... int . midtown coffee shop - day from Eddie 's eye we can tell the memory be still fresh . she shake she head , look away . it 's clearly over . she get up . he follow . lindy I have to get back . eddie -- hey , well -- wait -- you do not tell I what happen yesterday . we can see on lindy 's face that she 's still vulnerably pleased that Eddie remember to ask . lindy I get it . eddie you get it --?! lindy yeah . I will have my own assistant . you believe that ? eddie ( genuine ) you deserve it , lindy . lindy yeah , thanks . I do . she smile weakly , break eye contact . no good to keep look . it 's over . Eddie make a attempt to reach for the check , which lindy grab . ( continued ) 7. continued : lindy ( cont 'd ) oh , please . he know she know he can not pay . ext . midtown STREET - day Eddie be walk home , eying the homeless on the street , feel he dismal future breathe down he neck . eddie ( v.0 . ) she be right . I be almost 35 . no one talk about " potential " at 35 . I have miss the on-ramp . soon I would be sleep in the lower bunk of my childhood bedroom ... my father happy to welcome I into the challenging field of dental supply inventory ... he 's interrupt by a voice - calm , amused : voice Eddie . Morgan . vernon gant look he over with condescending bemusment . he 's 30 , wear a expensive suit , look like he come from money . eddie ( v.0 . ) of all the useless relationship better forget and put away in mothball , be there any more useless than ... the ex-brother - in - law ? vernon shit ! it 's gotta be -- 9 year --? eddie but who 's count . vernon ( take he in ) hey , you !!! he genially whacks the side of Eddie 's arm . Eddie halfheartedly whacks back . Vernon size Eddie up . vernon ( cont 'd ) Jesus , Eddie , pack it on , why do not you ? ( continued ) 8. continued : Eddie do not need that . he 's very self - conscious about he weight . eddie sedentary job , you know ... vern so you be still try to write ? eddie as a matter of fact , I have get a book contract . vern look half suspicious , half impressed . eddie ( cont 'd ) how about you ? ( pointedly ) still deal , Vernon ? vernon ( smugly ) do I look like I be still deal ? Eddie size he up : the suit , shoe , watch , haircut . eddie no . vernon come on , let 's get a drink . I wanna hear about this book . eddie Nah , I should go -- vern you can not tell I you be a health nut , now . not with that tire - eddie ( annoyed ) entice invitation . thanks . vern pluck the pack of cigarettes from Eddie 's upper jacket pocket . vern c'mon , c'mon , one beer . or I will not give `em back . he hold the cigarettes just out of Eddie 's reach . ( continued ) 9. continued : ( 2 ) eddie it 's one o'clock in the afternoon , vern . vern when 's that ever stop you ? eddie ( sigh ) fuck . int . bar - day a bartender bring beer to Eddie and Vernon who sit at the bar . Eddie clearly wish he be elsewhere . eddie so ... how 's Melissa ? vernon ah-hah . that 's why you agree to the beer . eddie I be make conversation , vern . vernon well , I do not know how Melissa be . int . a bedroom - night ( a almost subliminal flash ) Melissa , naked , silhouett in the bathroom door . back to : int . bar - day eddie how do not you know ? you be she brother . vernon I do not see she . she life upstate now , she 's get some kinda internet home sale kinda job ... a couple of kid ... this be unfathomable to Eddie . he try to keep he voice casual . eddie a couple of kid ... flash ! 10 . int . same apartment - live room Melissa , she lovely face over a mirror , do line . back to : int . bar - day eddie who 's the husband ? vernon what be you , jealous ? eddie it 's just a question , vern . Vernon can sense he emotion . vernon walk out on she , if you really want to know . but what do you care ? you guy be not even marry six month , be you --? I mean , it be just a coke thing , right ? eddie be that what she say --?! " a coke thing . " it unexpectedly hurt Eddie . maybe it 's just a bummer day . or there 's a deeper wound than he know . vernon but I wanna know about this book . how 's it go ? eddie ( consider the question ) how 's it go ... well ... I be behind . I be behind on my book , and it 's pretty well pollute my day and night if you really want to know . vernon how much have you write of it ? a beat . eddie not one fuck word , vern . ( continued ) 11 . continued : vernon wow . Creative problem , huh ? vern appraise he . vernon ( cont 'd ) I think I have something that can help you . he reach into he pocket . Eddie think he know what 's come . eddie oh , no -- no , no , no - vernon you do not even know what it be . eddie you be still deal . vernon no -- yeah -- will you listen ?! this be not recreational . I have be do some consulting for a pharmaceutical company -- eddie you mean a lab in some little yalie 's basement ? give I a-- vernon no , this be a exclusive product come on - stream next year , they have have clinical trial , and it 's fda approve . a long beat . Eddie bite . eddie okay , what be it ? vern reach into he jacket , produce a tiny plastic sachet with he right hand , tapping something out into the palm of he leave . he hold this up for Eddie to see ... a tiny white unmarked tablet . eddie ( cont 'd ) what 's in it ? vern put the little white tablet on the bar . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) vern just take it . get you over the hump . eddie I be too old for this , Vernon . vernon look , they have identify this receptor in the brain that activate specific circuit , and -- you know how they say you can only access like 20 percent of you brain ? well , what this do -- eddie Vernon . look at I . do I look good ? I smoke too much : my chest be sore . a fuck corpse have more energy than I do , I have get weird aches , possible lump , rash , maybe they be a condition , or a network of condition . one of this day they be all go to hold hand , light up , and I will keel over dead . my life 's in the crapper , and I don ' T think it 's go to take a sudden upsw into the stratosphere if I do some brand new , shiny designer drug ! vern 's phone ring . he hold up he index finger -- shh ! - and take the call . vern ( into phone ) gant . ( beat , get agitate ) when . -- I know , but when ? ( look at he watch ) tell he we can not do that . he know that 's out of the question . we absolutely can not do that . vern be edgy . very tense . he continue : vern ( cont 'd ) no , I be not go to tell he ! you tell he -- no , now ! he turn off he phone , get up . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 3 ) vern ( cont 'd ) Fucking people . I be afraid I be go to have to leave you here , Eddie . but let 's hang out again , have another beer . he take out he business card , and place it carefully next to the little white tablet on the bench . vern ( cont 'd ) by the way , that 's on the house . eddie I do not want it , vern . vern smile at he . vern do not be ungrateful , now . you know how much this thing cost ? Eddie shake he head . vern ( cont 'd ) eight hundred buck a pop . he pat Eddie on the shoulder and go . Eddie be still look at the pill . which seem to be look back at he . ext . the STREET - dusk Eddie make he way home , a little tipsy and fill with self - loathing . eddie ( v.o. ) all the way home she be back on my mind ... Melissa . flash ! a memory -- Melissa 's face as she 's talk , laugh . eddie ( v.o. ) she would be so smart . smarter than anyone around she . and oh , how she love to provoke people ... 14 . int . a downtown party - party - night Melissa , sparkling , beautiful , surround by people , in intense conversation with a bunch of downtown type . melissa -- oh , please , you think professional woman mentor one another ? you think there 's some mutually supportive empathetic touch - feely network of kindly pie - baker ? -- that bitch hate each other ! Quick , who be the worst boss you ever have ? a woman , right ?! we can not delegate , we can not command -- I mean , there 's a reason we be not general --! the man gasp , shocked and titillate . the woman be furious . Melissa smile to herself -- she 's try not to crack up . eddie ( v.0 . ) I think , by now , she would be curing cancer , direct movie , run for the Senate ... we hold on melissa' lovely , confident face as she voice fade down and Eddie 's fade in . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) what have happen ? her life make no sense . I mean , I could see a direct , plausible link between this Eddie , break and buzze at three o'clock in the afternoon , and a earlier Eddie ... int . a distinguished gentleman behind a desk - day -- get splatter by some ochre liquid from a offscreen source . eddie ( v.0 . ) ... vomit on he boss ' desk during a presentation ... int . a bedroom - night a younger , thinner eddie rifle through a bureau , a old lady in bed , sleep , behind he -- a oxygen mask on she . she 's clearly terminal . ( continued ) 15 . continued : eddie ( v.0 . ) ... or steal he die aunt 's percocet . ext . the STREET - dusk Eddie walk , pensive . eddie ( v.0 . ) but there be no link between my Melissa and this upstate Melissa dumped , cold - call people from she live room . ext . eddie' build - dusk a edgy neighborhood on the furthest edge of lower Manhattan . this block may never be gentrify . eddie ( v.o. ) 40 long block later I be " home . " he dig in he pocket for the key and come up with ... the little white pill int . eddie' build - stairwell - dusk it 's a former tenement , fourth - floor walk - up . Eddie trudge up the old stair , the tiny tile wear away in spot , the victorian molding disfigure from a hundred and twenty year of paint . Eddie be suddenly seize by a rack cough -- a horrible smoker 's cough that make he double over . he sound like he 's 80 year old . he finally get it under control , get a glimpse of himself in the storefront window . he look bad , and he know he look bad . he reach into he pocket . the pill sit teasingly in the palm of he hand , look up at he . eddie ( v.0 . ) well . there be less than nothing to lose . quickly , impulsively , he swallow it . 16 . int . the landing - dusk as Eddie pass , a neighbor 's door swing open . Eddie try walk faster . eddie ( v.0 . ) I do not want to see anybody . valerie , 26 and attractive , emerge , dress to go out . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) especially not my landlord 's nasty young wife . she be immediately sour at the sight of Eddie . Eddie know what she 's think . eddie ( cont 'd ) Tuesday . valerie look , enough , okay --? eddie just tell he - valerie Steve handle the rent . so feed you fuck bullshit to he . eddie ( v.0 . ) I suddenly have extra reason to get away from she . I have thoughtlessly ingest a substance . Valerie 's tirade fade up or down , depend on when we be hearing Eddie . valerie -- like the rent 's not low enough --! eddie ( v.0 . ) I have get remarkably little information from Vernon about what this drug would do . valerie you could be a bike messenger and come up with that ! Eddie continue up the stair . but she follow , get in front of he . ( continued ) 17 . continued : eddie ( v.o. ) ... what if it be a hallucinogen ... oh my God ... listen to she rag , if I be trip ...? I would jump out a fuck window . valerie be voice fade up . valerie -- look , I be just tell you , he 's be talk about call this people he know from the club to muscle you out -- I have tell he not to do that , but he 's really piss . we push in on Eddie 's face , into he eye ... where we see he pupil contract just slightly . a flicker . eddie ( v.0 . ) and then ... I feel it . eddie be Pov - the apartment upper hall ... the room be change ... spring into sharper focus . eddie ( v.0 . ) level more , layer more , 3 - D more ... galactically more . but the same . just the depth and beauty ... of clarity . there seem to be more definition , more dimension , a little more light -- he can see more clearly . the SOUND drop out for a moment ; he can see valerie' face , mouth contort , continue to heap the abuse , but there 's something in she eye that 's not mean ... something anxious . he look at she with a sudden keen intelligence . and sympathy . eddie ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? she 's take aback . valerie w- what ? his eye go to the book bag in she arm . eddie " I be blind but now I see . " ( continued ) 18. continued : on a gut instinct , Eddie take a shot , push he word forward with a new , sharp , penetrate intimacy , articulateness . eddie ( cont 'd ) you do not like I , and I do not blame you -- you see a schlumpy energy - suck defeat sack of shit spong off you husband . you be hope I will blow my brain out . but my existence should not make you this upset . what be it ? he 's hit a nerve . valerie look , that 's none of you - eddie something wrong at school ? valerie how do you know I be in school ! his eye flick down at she bag . eddie people who be not do not usually carry dry , academic constipate out of print book about dorothea Lange . valerie be you some kind of creep ? have you be follow I ?! eddie I just see the book -- valerie you can only see a corner of it . how do you know ? he look down . she 's right -- only a corner of the book be visible . Eddie realize : eddie I have see it before . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be true . 12 year ago . in college ... 19 . int . dorm room - night a slightly young Eddie be flipping through the Lange book . eddie ( v.o. ) ... sit on the couch of a t.a. I be try to make , wait for she to come back out of the bathroom ... hope she would have a condom ... back to : int . eddie' build - landing - day eddie ( v.0 . ) somehow , my unconscious have serve that up ... a memory I would never even record . or be it there the whole time ... and all I need ... be the access ? on eddie be face - close as it sink in : eddie ( v.0 . ) vern be right . this be no recreational drug . Eddie 's eye flick to the laptop in she bag , he manner suddenly intimate , confident . eddie ( cont 'd ) if you be write a paper , that 's not the book I would use . valerie well , who ask y- eddie Cal Berkeley have she oral history . I would start there . her son be still alive . you could Google he . son of famous people always want to dish dirt about they parent . you would get something no one else have , and you would have go the extra mile , a nice little apple for the professor . during this speech , music come up and the sound go down ... several quick cut ... ( continued ) 20 . continued : Eddie and Valerie 's mouth be move ... she 's ask question ... he 's supplying answer , lot of they ... eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) information from the odd museum show , a half - read article , some pbs documentary , be all bubbling up to my frontal lobe , mixing itself together into a sparkling cocktail of useful information . Valerie 's whole posture be relax , the look in she eye become ... friendly . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) she do not have a chance . int . the downstair apartment from eddie be - night a mirror image of Eddie 's , but considerably nicer . we hear the sound of two people -- Valerie and Eddie -- having wild , mutually satisfy sex from the other room . eddie ( v.0 . ) we would really work on she paper , too . in 45 minute it be a polished gem . she be pleased . we see the laptop set up , book scattered -- then , obviously abandon for a more pleasurable pursuit . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) one nice little side effect ...? I stay hard for hour . we hear female groan of pleasure . laughter . int . eddie' apartment - night a dishevel Eddie open the door to he apartment . he enter , look around . eddie ( v.o. ) happy and sore , I return home . eddie be Pov - he live room it 's the first wide shot we have see of it , and it hammer home : what a mess . book scattered across the floor , dirty dish , break venetian blind sashes . the nest of a slob . ( continued ) 21 . continued : eddie ( v.0 . ) ... but it could not be my home , could it ? who would live like this ? montage : speed - up shot of Eddie sifting through he book and tape . Cleaning up the kitchen . the bathroom . pick up book . he start move the sofa . quick cut : the live room , rapidly whipped into shape . if not stylish , habitable . final shot : he 's sit on the ( reposition ) couch . think . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) what be this drug ? I could not stay messy on it , I have not have a cigarette in six hour ... he stare at the pack in he hand . it look alien . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ...had not eat ... so. abstemious and tidy . what be this -- a drug for people who want to get anal ? he get up . pace . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I be not high , be not wire -- just clear . what I need to do . and how to do it . his eye fall on he computer . the montage continue : Eddie flipping through research book , type onto he keyboard , the printer printing , do Internet search ... page and page spit out of the printer . int . eddie' bedroom - morning Eddie , in he underwear , be sleep soundly . he stir , roll over , crack open a eye . he get up , schlump to the mirror , look at he unshaven face . the penetrate gleam be no longer in he eye . eddie ( v.0 . ) the next morning , I send a little probe down into my brain . no surge of brilliance come up to greet I . I feel thick and stupid -- a shuffle zombie without my coffee and cigarette . in short ... ( continued ) 22. continued : close up -- eddie' underwear be toss at the hamper - miss it by about a foot . the underwear remain on the floor . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I be back . int . eddie' live room - morning Eddie lie on the couch . ( already the room show sign of be mess up again . ) his eye suddenly fall on he desk . eddie ( v.0 . ) but something remain . int . editor be office - day Eddie drop a stack of fresh page on the desk of MARK sutton . Mark look skeptically at Eddie , then the page . MARK you be kid . eddie no . MARK ( sarcastic ) word have appear on paper . eddie yes . MARK sutton written by you . Eddie know he 's on thin ice . eddie Three page . that 's all you have to read . if you read they in the next hour , and you do not want to keep read I will give back the advance . ext . flatiron district - day Eddie stand on the street , the crowd flow around he . he turn this way and that , clearly anxious , impatient . where to go ? what to do to kill the time ? 23. ext . STREET - day - three shot : 1 . Eddie order a pretzel from a food cart . he be have to dig into he pocket to come up with the change . the vendor become so impatient he will not give he the pretzel , and serve another customer first . Eddie look at he cell phone . make sure it 's on . no call . 2 . Eddie sit on a stoop , slowly nibble on he pretzel , he eye glue to he phone . no call . 3 . Eddie toss the finish pretzel 's wrapper and shake he phone in frustration . a ring ! Eddie jump up , fumble with he phone just as a pass male wall STREET shark pull out he phone and answer . the ring be not for Eddie . int . eddie' apartment - night Eddie come in , then notice something 's different . his answering machine have a blink red light . Eddie click the button , breathless . MARK suttone voice Eddie ... give I a call when you get in ... ( beep ) the second message be from Mark too . MARK suttone voice ( cont 'd ) Eddie , I be 40 page further in ... call I ... it 's a little grandiose , but I be still read ... a third message - beep ! MARK suttone voice ( cont 'd ) okay , how do you do this ? I would , uh , I would really like to -- shit , just call I the minute you get in , call . okay ? okay . ( beep ! ) Eddie jump up , gleeful - - he know it ! then he smile fade . reality hit . eddie ( v.o. ) but how would I finish ? it be " enhance " Eddie who display all that brilliance . not I . ext . vern' apartment build - day Eddie , hold vern 's card , buzze the buzzer . there 's no answer . Eddie buzze again and again . finally : ( continued ) 24 . continued : vern' voice ( groggy ) yeah ? eddie vern ! it 's Eddie . vern' voice bad time , okay --? eddie vern -- last night 90 page just write themselves ! I totally chuck the novel I pitch they -- I suddenly saw , vern , how this whole societal economic class struggle -- and its solution -- do not have to be futuristic or fictional -- it be actually achievable here , in we lifetime -- and I could just lay it out , like , like a manifesto , or something , like mein kampf except not by a crazy racist fuck ! ( no response , realize ) okay , I will not talk any more about this if you let I in . the buzzer buzze . int . vern' apartment door - day the door open . and Eddie be take aback . vern have be beat up . really work over . his lip be split , he face puffy and bruise . his right hand be bandage . vern well , that be fast . eddie what hap - vern do not ask . leave the door open , vern turn around and motion at Eddie with he leave hand to come in . the place be all mismatch antique furniture -- the possession of someone who collect once , with enthusiasm , but who 's let it all go to hell . vern sit , keep he injure arm elevate . vern ( cont 'd ) so , Eddie . I guess you be interested after all . ( continued ) 25 . continued : eddie yeah . that stuff 's amazing . vernon it work better if you be already smart . Eddie can not get over how bad Vernon look . eddie vern - vern you do not want to know . and Eddie want the drug more than he want to know what happen . eddie what 's ... um ... what 's it call ? vern it do not have a street name yet , because it do not have a street profile . and that 's the way we want it to stay . the boy in the kitchen be call it mot - 48 . eddie " the boy in the kitchen ...? " vern , that do not sound fda approve . vern " fda - approve , " that 's a laugh . do you really believe that shit ? Eddie stare at vern as he pour himself a coffee . eddie ( v.0 . ) okay , so what do we have here ? some unknown , untest , possibly dangerous drug scamm out of some unidentified lab somewhere , give to I by a highly unreliable guy I have not see in year . vern so you want some more of it ? eddie yes. definitely . vern chuckle . he know it . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 2 ) vern we will talk about it . but first maybe you can do I a little favor . eddie uh ... sure . Eddie want to get on with it and get out of there , but vern clearly have he by the ball . vern you can see , I be in no shape to go out right now . will you hop down to the dry cleaner and get my suit ? and maybe pick I up a little breakfast ...? Eddie sigh . vern toss he a set of keys . int . a dry cleaner' automate clothing rack - day as the plastic-wrapp clothes spin towards we ... eddie ( v.0 . ) it be amazing how quickly it all slotted back into place ... int . a diner griddle - day as two egg be flip , over easy . eddie ( v.0 . ) .. the dealer-client dynamic ...... int . vernon' build - hallway - day and here come Eddie , carry Vernon 's suit , and greasy bag of breakfast ... eddie ( v.0 . ) ... the easy sacrifice of dignity for the guarantee return of a dime bag , or a gram , or in this case a little pill that be go to cost I a month 's rent . he arrive at Vernon 's door . he take out the key vern give he , but he do not need they . the door be ajar . 27 . int . vern' apartment - day - eddie' Pov as Eddie push the door open , he can see Vernon sit , quite normally , on the couch . as he enter the room , though , he see that the place have be ransacked . destroy . Eddie wheel back to ask vern what the fuck . and then see it . vern' face - close in the center of he forehead be a neat little bullet hole . eddie be no tough guy , and sweat spring to he brow . he start shaking ... then , seize with horror that they might still be in here , he edge to the bedroom . we hear the pounding of he heart as he peek in ... int . eddie be Pov - vern' bedroom it 's be ransacke , too . torn to shred , bureau drawer open and dumped , pillow rip open with knife . but no one be there . int . vernon' desk - day Eddie 's shaking hand can barely hold the phone . eddie yes ... I ... I need to report a murder . Eddie . Morgan . -- Edward J. I will not . he put down the phone , put he head in he hand . various cut of : Eddie sit . shift he butt in various position . holding a baseball bat he 's find -- just in case " they " come back . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it take they forever . and the longer I sit there , the clearer I see ... vern have know whoever have do this . he would open the door . close on - eddie' face eddie ( v.0 . ) and one guess what they would be look for . 28 . int . vern' bedroom - day Eddie , cleverly wear kitchen glove , be now furiously tear through the rubble the thief have leave behind , the scattered clothes , under the bed ... int . bathroom -. day Eddie poke quickly through the medicine cabinet -- nothing but tylenol . int . vern' live room - day Eddie sit on the couch with ( dead ) vern , stare at he , as if a corpse could give up a secret . he look down at vern be breakfast container . eddie at least you get you last meal . there be lot of takeout container around . eddie ( cont 'd ) you never do like to cook ... Eddie 's eye fall on vern' stove . unlike the rest of the kitchen area , it 's pristine . unspatter . Eddie jump up . vern' stove - close Eddie open it . the inside be as clean as the outside . we hear siren now -- the cop be finally come , and Eddie must rush . Eddie pull out the broiler - close tape to the inside be a large brown padd envelope . slowly , Eddie pull out the package , reach into it . eddie' hand - close he be hold about twenty thousand dollar in cash . but that 's not all . he reach in again ... there 's something else inside ... Eddie 's hand pull out a little black address book . but there 's still something else .. he reach in again . and now Eddie 's hand pull out a plastic container with a AIR - lock seal ... he pries the seal off ... Inside be five hundre of the little white pill . Eddie hear the thud of approaching feet , voice . make a decision , he quickly tuck the envelope into he jacket , jump down from the chair ... just as a cop push through the door . ( continued ) 29 . continued : he see Eddie , spin , point he gun right at he . cop let I see you hand . Eddie throw he arm in the air . eddie heyheyhey ! I be the one that call you ! int . police precinct - day Eddie sit , make he statement to a overweight detective . eddie ... no , ex - wife 's brother . I just run into he on the street and he invite I up to , you know ... the detective look at he suspiciously . detective buy some drug ? eddie wha -- no ! talk ! what be you -- detective okay , fine , what do this guy do ? eddie he be -- I do not know , I hear he be sort of a antique dealer . detective a dealer ? close on the envelope hide in he jacket , burn a hole in he side . Eddie try to stay calm . eddie yeah ... of , uh ... viennese kind of ... chair ... sort of curlicue leg kind of thing -- the phone be ringing . the detective pick it up . detective ( into phone ) yeah . that be correct . a Edward Morgan . he 's here . ( continued ) 30 . continued : mysteriously , the detective hand the phone to Eddie . detective ( cont 'd ) the victim 's sister . flash ! ext . a beach - day Eddie see young , beautiful Melissa , laugh , in the surf . int . police precinct - day Eddie can not believe it . he stare at the phone , then finally speak into it . eddie Melissa ? melissa' voice Eddie . you be there ? eddie ( v.o. ) I have not hear she voice in 10 year . eddie ( cont 'd ) right before . I would just run into he on the street . melissa' voice god. ( broken ) this be all so weird ... eddie Melissa -- you do not think I have anything to do with - melissa no , no , no , Eddie , I know that . I wish I be more surprised . he be ... involved in some stuff ... I better not say any more . eddie not on this line , no . a beat . Eddie still can not believe he 's talk to she . eddie ( cont 'd ) Melissa ... maybe ... ( a deep breath ) ( more ) ( continued ) 31 . continued : eddie ( cont 'd ) do you want to ... meet somewhere , or ...? he let it hang in the air for a moment . melissa' voice Eddie , I have get to do the funeral . and God know what else . I just ... we can not meet , okay ? eddie then ... I will see you at the funeral . melissa no . I do not want that - please do not ... I will call you at some point , when this be over . okay ? eddie okay . a beat . Melissa 's voice be want , vulnerable . melissa' voice okay . she 's hang up . go . Eddie turn back to the detective who 's stare intently at he . detective something do not jell here . Eddie try not to look panicked . the cop look up , take in the entrance of three newly arrest high CLASS hookers . they be young . they be blond . they be wear very short skirt and fuck - I heel . the cop eye they appreciatively . eddie ( v.o. ) but I know , when he attention wander to something more press , that he be go to let I go . ext . precinct - day Eddie walk down the stair , shake up but profoundly relieved . even a little giddy . then he stop . ( continued ) 32 . continued : eddie ( v.0 . ) only then do it occur to I that someone could have follow I from vern 's apartment . ext . the STREET - day Eddie walk , try to cast inconspicuous glance over he shoulder . eddie be Pov - the STREET be this guy follow he ? that guy ? they all look innocuous . they all look threaten . he have no idea . int . eddie' apartment - day eddie ( v.0 . ) probably not . hopefully not . Worth the risk ? Eddie enter , and , casting a surreptitious look around , close the door behind he . int . eddie' dine table - day the cash , the address book , and the bottle of pill be all laid out on the table . Eddie sit , look at they , realize that he life be now about to be jump-start . yeah . Worth the risk . a smile twitches at the corner of he mouth . music up under : ext . madison avenue - day Eddie be walk down the street , a brisk confidence in he step , that penetrate gleam of intelligence back in he eye . we know right away that he 's on mot . eddie ( v.0 . ) back on mot , it be obvious what I should do . int . a hip downtown mens store - day Eddie be be fitte for a sharp look jacket . the camera move to the mirror and we be suddenly ( continuous shot ) in -- int . trendy downtown salon - day a hip , pretty girl be give Eddie a haircut . ( continued ) 33. continued : eddie ( v.0 . ) vern 's cash ... the camera continue to pan ... but instead of find he the chair we be ... int . gym - day Eddie 's do crunch , get in shape . eddie ( v.0 . ) ... combine with a unprecedented surge of motivation ... the camera pan to the mirror ... but see a reflection of ... int . eddie' apartment - day he sit at he computer , a salad beside he . his printer spit out page after page of manuscript . eddie ... enable I to finish the book in four day . int . MARK suttone office - day Eddie put down a thicker manila envelope on Mark 's desk . Mark be astonished . int . a sugar BOWL on eddie' table - day it contain ten tablet of mot . Eddie 's finger reach in , take one . eddie ( v.0 . ) a tablet a day ... keep the torpor away . and what I could do with my day ... be limitless . int . the met - day Eddie survey painting . eddie ( v.o. ) I now have cultural appetite . int . a piano concert - day Eddie sit attentively in the audience , read the score along with the music . ( continued ) 34 . continued : eddie learned to read music in a week ... int . the east river - day Eddie run , earphone on he head . we hear , dimly , french phrase . eddie v.0. even half - listen to any language , I become fluent ... Eddie become aware that there 's another runner --a powerful - look man , gain on he , closer behind than make he comfortable . Eddie flick a glance over he shoulder . eddie ( v.0 . ) the only cloud be the nag feel I be be follow . with a surge of effort , Eddie speed up , sprinting across the street just after the light change . whizzing traffic cut the mysterious runner off , stop he from follow . he remain , panting , at the light . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) be I ? or do mot create paranoia ? int . eddie' apartment - day - ( series of shot ) eddie ( v.0 . ) the focal point of my existence quickly become ... protect my stash . close on : the plastic baggie of pill be duct tape inside the top of eddie' broiler . he slam the broiler close . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) call it a homage . int . a bar - night Eddie stand there , in he new clothes , hold court . he have a entirely new aura . it 's commanding . eddie ( v.0 . ) I have a new , improve game . he banter flirtatiously with a beautiful woman . ( continued ) 35 . continued : eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ( playfully ) so you be say that any author who 's commandeer adjective status , " orwellian , dickensian - - " ? beautiful woman -- be prosaic . yes . eddie which mean a prosaic author 's work rest on a foundation of acclaim - beautiful woman or zeitgeist - eddie so you be say praise and fame be unrelated to achievement , that the great hit CD cannot possibly contain good song ? that Shakespeare 's catchiness bely mediocrity ? beautiful woman I ... she break off , shrug , smile . eddie well , then I would guess you would rather not hear about what I , personally , think could launch a thousand ship ? he put a finger under she chin . he mean she face , of course . the woman smile , and blushes . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) Fish in a barrel . int . upscale bar bathroom - ( unisex , for one person ) night tight shot ( legs only ) of this regal , upscale woman 's panty down around she high heel and Eddie 's leg between hers , pump . a vase shatter to the floor beside they foot , spilling its pricey orchid . eddie ( v.0 . ) and it be not just woman . I be , for the first time in my life , a presence ... 36 . int . another bar - another night the camera circle around a european-looking crowd ... that 's cluster around Eddie . he 's finish a long story - in french . eddie ( v.o. ) of course , all this seem to work better with people I do not know ... than with people who know I ... int . a modest queen live room - day Eddie 's mother and father , work class schlub , sit on the floral sofa , stare at they now - dapper son , who be wave some paperwork in they face . eddie ...so , Mom , you 401 k be totally mis-invested -- this guy be have do only the most pliocine era fundamental analysis and pay no attention to eye candy psychology surround the stock -- ( realize they be lose ) okay , remember when I explain default flop ? do any of that stick ? ( they 're lost ) cds 's ? cdo 's cbo 's ? his parent stare at he . they do not know what to make of any of this . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I quickly return to the unfamiliar audience . int . another upscale bar - night a sizable crowd be around Eddie , include finance type in suit . eddie -- sure you get a short term spike , but would not that rapid expansion devalue the stock completely in two year ? a well - dress broker - kevin doyle - shake he head . kevin doyle no , no , there be safeguard -- ( continued ) 37 . continued : eddie against aggressive over - expansion ? there be not , because there be no safeguard in human nature . Eddie 's tone be not aggressive -- it 's genial , amusing . eddie ( cont 'd ) we be wire to overreach -- you look at history , I mean , all the country that rule the world ? Portugal ? with its big , butch navy ? all that 's leave be salt cod and cheap condo -- the brit ? now they just sit on they dank little island , fussing over they suit . nobody stop and think , hey , we be do pretty well , we have get Poland and France , and a big swiss bank account -- let 's not invade Russia in the winter ! let 's go home and pop a beer and live off the interest ! the crowd laugh . Eddie take a swallow of he drink . kevin doyle ( smile , get it ) yeah . it will all happen again . Eddie toast he . eddie hey , I want in on it ! Kevin doyle , wishing Eddie be right , clink he glass . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) my brain be just pour this stuff out . everything I would ever read , hear , see , be now organize and available -- here it be , here you go .. ext . the bar - night Eddie leave with several people . Kevin doyle press a card into Eddie 's hand . kevin doyle you must have a portfolio , but if you do not , I would be very interested in work with you . ( continued ) 38 . continued : Eddie politely take he card . smile charmingly . eddie thank you so much . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) " I must have a portfolio . " very well -- if I must , I must . int . eddie' apartment - night Eddie pull out the broiler and remove the envelope of cash he 's tape in there . it 's much thin . eddie ( v.o. ) but vern 's cash be low . and it take cash to make cash ... int . MARK suttone office - day Eddie stand opposite Mark 's desk . eddie ( v.o. ) but it take cash to make cash ... another elegant man be there too , Mark 's boss , dunham . eddie ( cont 'd ) I would like to re-negotiate my advance . dunham well ... sit down , we will be discuss that . MARK sutton first , ah ... I want to apologize , Eddie , if I in any way communicate a lack of faith in you ability . Eddie smile coolly . in control . it 's Mark who 's a little nervous . MARK sutton ( cont 'd ) Mr. dunham have read you page , and we be prepare to make you what I hope will be a very exciting offer . dunham what would you say to ten thousand more and another forty down the road ? ( continued ) 39 . continued : Eddie hold there gaze , expressionless , but say nothing . after a uncomfortable moment , dunham continue . dunham ( cont 'd ) we think this could be a important title , maybe one in a series . I have to say , you come out of nowhere , but the good one always do - eddie ( interrupting he ) this be not go to work . dunham what 's not go to work ? the money ? MARK sutton Eddie , we take you very seriously as a writer . Eddie sound almost regretful . eddie yes , but I now see that write , as a profession , be for marginalize whiner not fit for anything else . sutton think Eddie 's kid . he laugh nervously . eddie ( cont 'd ) no , I mean it , look at the life . incarceration , loneliness , burrow down into you own psyche , increasingly insulate from any truth , because you be not in the current of the world any more , you be rattling around inside the cage of you brain , self - cannibalize ... dunham realize he 's lose Eddie , and jump in . dunham you do not think a best - sell author would disagree ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 2 ) eddie oh , if you be good , there 's some remuneration , eventually , after paperback , but at best you career will be ooze along like a snail , a few thousand more copy , whoop -dee - doo , you be " develop a readership , " -- for what ? so you can end up in Phoenix on a Saturday night read from you own work at some holdout indie book store to a bored audience of ten ? -- half of they there for the wine and cheese ? MARK sutton yes , but if you goal be to have a voice - eddie ( interrupting ) I do not think any goal will be really achievable , Mark , until I be sit on a large pile of cash . the mens ' mouth open . then shut . int . eddie' live room - night Financial read material cover every square inch of floor . Eddie now have three monitor operate side - by-side in he live room , all spew forth financial information as he work the keyboard ... eddie ( v.0 . ) I would have to start very , very small ... in a down market . no one be make money . but no one have mot ... int . at a computer ( lafayette trading firm ) - day Eddie stand behind a day trader who 's spew out a explanation of he work . day trader you have get you quantitive analysis - " quant ... " algorhythm to find minute price discrepancy ... you be look at number only . price and volume pattern ... Eddie be stare at the screen , block of information form and connect in he mind . 41 . int . eddie' apartment - day Eddie now sit , rivete to he laptop , key . eddie armed with vern 's last 800 dollar , I make 4000 in a day . ( beat ) it be too slow . time / day CUT to : Eddie , differently dress , surround by stack of research , again key away ... eddie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) next day : $ 7,500.00 ( beat ) still too slow . I need more capital ... int . a coffee shop - day Eddie sit across from a sinister - look young Russian in he early 30' . this be gennady . eddie why not ? the two man stare at each other . gennady because I do not see you before . and I do not fuck like you already . why do I give you 100 thousand dollar ? eddie because I quintupled my money four day in a row . gennady barely glance at the papers Eddie push in front of he and snort , half amused , before push they back . gennady you be lucky . eddie it 's not luck . gennady okay , you trick they computer , you get some fix on the game . ( continued ) 42 . continued : Eddie now see that it 's better not to admit that he come by the money legally . eddie you think ? gennady smile . gennady so you be a crook . eddie and that 's a problem for you because --? gennady laugh for a second . Eddie 's not wrong about that . gennady look in Eddie 's eye for a moment , calculate . gennady you people all get catch . eddie I will not . and what if I do ? you think I keep detailed record of my investor ? you will have you money back long before they figure out what happen . gennady just look at Eddie , think it over . int . WASHINGTON square park - day Eddie sit on a bench , wait . gennady appear . hand Eddie a large paper bag . Eddie reach for it ; gennady hold it aloft for one last second . gennady okay , you take this ... you mine . you do not pay , you know what we do ? we cut you around the waist , peel you skin , pull it up over you head and tie knot in it . and you do not die from that . you suffocate . he let the full picture sink in for a moment . then : int . lafayette trading - day cubicle after cubicle of guy - all guy - at computer , roll the dice on the stockmarket . ( continued ) 43. continued : eddie ( v.0 . ) my new friend , Kevin doyle , show I how you could leverage two and a half time you cash at a day - trading firm ... Eddie alone in a stall . he take two mot tablet out of he wallet , downs they . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I would be upping the dose for over a week . it seem to cut my learn curve . overlapping dissolves of Eddie work at a furious pace . another trader stand behind Eddie , watch . second shot : three trader be watch . third shot : nine trader be watch he , awed . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be instinct . but inform instinct -- instinct base on huge amount of research , which , thanks to mot , be conduct more rapidly and comprehensively than anyone at Lafayette Day Trading would ever know ... trader behind he why be you buy that ? the ceo just get indicted ... eddie but not for the big fat defense contract he bribe he way into . that 's still on . should be announce in a week . the trader shake he head . how do Eddie know that ? eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) at the end of the week my brokerage account contain ... over a million dollar . int . lafaytte day trading - overhead shot of room -- " GOD shot " - as still more people drift over to where Eddie be sit ... ( continued ) 44 . continued : eddie ( v.o. ) I would hear the old metaphor about the stock market : it be a collective nervous system , a global brain , a numerical representation of the will of God ... eddie - close eye take in data , finger reacting on the keyboard ... eddie ( v.o. ) whatever it be , I be jack in , boot up - my mind be live tissue inside the great , function whole . ( beat ) by the end of the second week I have 2.6 in the bank .... int . lafayette day trading build - day Eddie at the computer , soaking up information , make trade . Kevin doyle stand behind Eddie , flabbergasted as he watch . eddie ( v.0 . ) the word quickly get out . int . eddie' live room - dusk Quick cut of Eddie play back he message : eddie' machine you have ... 19 message . eddie ( v.0 . ) four job offer ... my bank , raise my line of credit ... a reporter ... female voice listen , return my call , Mr. Morgan , this article 's about you 's gonna get write with or without you cooperation ... ( beep ! ) eddie ( v.0 . ) ( sardonic ) all my new friend . gennady' voice ... you stupid shit , I be there Thursday for the money , ten o'clock ! ( continued ) 45 . continued : Eddie make a jerk - off motion , cross to he window , look down . ext . eddie be Pov - he STREET - dusk there be a mysterious black car just sit at the curb , in front of he building . no one get in or out . Eddie turn back to he machine . eddie ( v.0 . ) and finally , Kevin doyle , try to sound casual . kevin doyle's voice Eddie , I be have drink with a friend of mine , and ... ah , you will not believe this ... int . a fancy italian restaurant - night lindy , Eddie 's ex-girlfriend , be sit across the table from Eddie . she peer at he , confuse . be this dapper stranger really she shlumpy ex ? lindy Carl Van loon want to meet you ? eddie apparently he do . she be pleased for he , but flabbergasted . lindy but you be not in the finance game . what can you do for Carl Van loon ? ( shaking she head , mystified ) Eddie -- I -- the beautiful hostess appear at Eddie 's side . they have a brief conversation in italian . lindy stare , confuse , as the hostess leave . lindy ( cont 'd ) since when do you speak ... what happen to you ? eddie self-improvement month . someone give I a wake - up call . ( continued ) 46 . continued : lindy God , Eddie -- I feel so bad about that . eddie why ? it stick , do not it ? lindy eye he , half pleased , half apprehensive . he seem so different . lindy you do not do all this for I . eddie who say I do not ? so what -- it 's not get over ? be that it ? lindy look away , blushes . sigh . lindy all right , all right -- boy , you be really begging for it . eddie begging for what . lindy " I be proud of you . " eddie gosh . this be so unexpected . lindy I be actually ... more than proud . I be a little ... Eddie wait for she word , happily expectant . lindy ( cont 'd ) ... intimidate . they smile at each other . a lot of affection flooding back . eddie ( v.0 . ) of course , we start up again . int . lindy'' apartment - night Eddie be make out with she on she couch . eddie ( v.0 . ) her place ... 47 . int . eddie' apartment - night eddie ( v.o. ) my place ... his apartment have be seriously transformed . of course , it 's nothing but a renovate tenement , but there be some new furnishings , rug , lighting -- the total effect be now one of stylish prosperity . she and Eddie sit on the rug in front of the coffee table , drink expensive wine . int . the back seat of a cab - night Eddie and lindy , dress to the nine , be clearly return from a fancy party ... and passionately entwine , at the point of have hot sex , driver or no driver ! eddie ( v.0 . ) every place . int . eddie' bedroom - night Eddie stand , naked , at the window , look out . lindy what be you do , hon ? eddie nothing . he walk back over to she , look down . she be snuggle up in Eddie 's pillow , look very pretty and vulnerable . lindy what , you think somebody 's watch ? eddie no . he 's lie . he 's not sure . lindy be there anything you want to tell I , Eddie ? now 's the time . he look back at she , eye unreadable . he shrug . eddie with success come enemy . lindy Old chinese proverb ? ( continued ) 48 . continued : eddie no proverb . a inevitability . lindy you should sleep . be not you Van loon meeting tomorrow ? Eddie nod , sigh , turn away from the window . then stop . he turn pale . be sweat . lindy ( cont 'd ) what . what . Eddie take a step . and suddenly ... he 's across the room . boom . a skip in time . eddie ( v.0 . ) then ... I find myself at the door . with no consciousness that I have move . he put he hand on a table , steady himself . he catch a look , in the mirror , of this lean , handsome , dapper shark he have become . lindy be you all right ? he do not look all right . linda when be the last time you eat something ? dully the realization penetrate Eddie 's fog : eddie ( v.o. ) it have be three day . int . the orpheus room - night Eddie sit at a table , discreetly wolfing a few appetizer . Kevin doyle arrive , look a little nervous . kevin hey . he sit , launch in . kevin ( cont 'd ) he will be here in ten . now look , since we have a minute , be warn : Van loon 's mercurial . ( more ) ( continued ) 49 . continued : kevin ( cont 'd ) one minute you best friend , the next ... you be a leper . and he need direct answer ... anything tentative and you have lose he forever . I think we should rehearse a few scenario .. eddie I be eat , Kevin . there be so much quiet authority in Eddie 's tone that Kevin just shut up . but a moment later , look at the sweat on Eddie 's brow , Kevin be peck at he again . kevin you up for this ? you sure ? because I have get a little bit on the line here - eddie have a toast point . brazen it out again . because Eddie be not sure he can pull this off either . across the room - later there be that little stir from the hostess and staff that can only mean the entrance of a very rich and powerful man . eddie' table - later the martini be put down on the table . we tilt up to carl van loon , a young 50 , no less vital and intense than the hungriest 27 - year - old shark on the make . but he affect geniality . he sit ; the middle - age man with he , pierce , do the same . van loon so. Eddie Morgan . he look Eddie directly in the eye . van loon ( cont 'd ) what 's you secret ? a beat . Eddie look at he back , directly in the eye . eddie medication . I be on special medication . another beat . and Van loon laugh . pierce do not . 50 . another angle - later - that night Eddie be in mid-spiel , Van loon listen intently . eddie -- yes , that 's partially what I be saying -- pierce ( contemptuously ) pattern recognition ? so that 's you snake- oil ? look , if there 's one thing we all understand , it 's understanding itself -- that 's how the business work ... ( scoffing ) pattern recognition . please . eddie ( pointedly ) of course , not everyone can understand the pattern . Kevin suck in he breath . pierce be annoyed . Van loon be mildly amused , but not necessarily impressed . Eddie continue with he unstoppable , mot - fuel insight : eddie ( cont 'd ) look , there 's no time for human judgement anymore . you see a chance , you blink , and it 's go . we enter the age of decentralize , online decision - make , with the decision be make by hundred of million of individual investor around the world , people who do not even know each other -- make a kill in less time than it take to sneeze . pierce until they be not . eddie same rule , even in a panic . it 's not understanding how company work . it 's understanding how mass psychology work . pierce ( scoffing ) and you have a formula . ( continued ) 51 . continued : kevin ( mediating ) well , from 12 thousand to two point eight million in ten day -- eddie yes . I do have a formula , Mr. pierce . pierce ( snorting ) delusion of grandeur . eddie I do not have delusion of grandeur . a beat , as we push in on Eddie 's face . eddie ( cont 'd ) I have a actual recipe for grandeur . Kevin stare in horror . Van loon still say nothing . ext . the orpheus room - night Eddie simply stand there coolly ; Kevin be nervously say goodbye to Van loon and pierce , make small talk . kevin ..and , oh , you know , she 's on the wait list ... Rosemary 's pretty devastate ... van loon my daughter go there . I will call the school for you . Kevin blubber with gratitude . Van loon 's car pull up . Kevin pump he hand . Van loon look past Kevin -- to Eddie . van loon ( cont 'd ) Eddie . ride ? it 's the first real acknowledgement that he 's take Eddie seriously . int . van loon be limo - moving - night Eddie and Van loon regard each other . finally , Van loon speak . ( continued ) 52 . continued : van loon I do not know who you be , Eddie , or what you game be , but I be sure of one thing : you do not work in this business . I be up to my ass in investment guy , and you do not have they half - cocky , half - terrify line of bullshit . which be not to say I like yours any better . he pick up a file , hand it to Eddie . van loon ( cont 'd ) but you obviously pick you stock in a way I have not see . so tell I . we be think of acquire this company . take a few minute . what 's you take on they ? ext . eddie' apartment build - night Van loon 's limo pull up . int . van loon be limo - night Eddie snap the file shut , hand Van loon back he pen flashlight . eddie but this company be not the question , be they ? van loon what do you mean ? eddie well -- you be upmarket energy -- what do you want with this little solar / windmill / hippie outfit ? Van loon 's gaze be expressionless . eddie ( cont 'd ) -- unless you want to play both side of the fence , control the whole energy enchilada . but this would not get you there in emerge market . you would need ... he eye Van loon , who be sit up straighter . Eddie 's hit a nerve . he smiel , whistle . ( continued ) 53. continued : eddie ( cont 'd ) whoa , whoa . this must be some big - ass merger you be contemplate . a flicker in Van loon 's eye . bullseye . eddie ( cont 'd ) and there 's really only one company with enough bling to justify a merger with Van loon associate ... van loon have you be talk to somebody -? eddie Carl , it 's just rationalization . he say it like it 's the simple thing in the world . which , to a person on mot , it be . Van loon grind he tooth . wanting to talk about it , but too skittish . eddie ( cont 'd ) be hank atwood go to go for it ? a long beat . van loon you be either a amazing con artist or a very smart young man . eddie come on -- the two of you together ? the world would have to come to you begging for energy like Oliver twist with he little bowl of gruel . a beat as the two man stare at each other . van loon you realize that if the press get one whisper of -- I can not fuck believe I be even discuss this -- eddie it do not matter . it will not come off . now Van loon chuckle , amused by Eddie 's audacity . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 2 ) van loon the word " brazen " do not even begin to go there . eddie you would have to back off Libya . van loon why ? he 's come this far -- Eddie suddenly pull back the bait . eddie I do not think you would want to hear about it from some shmuck who need a ride home . van loon you be a gusty little prick , Eddie . eddie ooh . now you be curious . van loon yeah . I must admit . you have hit a couple pretty big button . go on . tell I what you think . eddie ( dismissive ) it 's get late . Van loon laugh . van loon all right . you get you shot . come to my office , tomorrow at ten , and tell I just exactly how the schmuck who need the ride would be - structure this deal . Eddie nod . van loon ( cont 'd ) and you better be prepare . eddie I be at you disposal . Eddie open the car door . Van loon eye he building , scoff . van loon you do not really live here ...? ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 3 ) Eddie smile . eddie the spartan be not big on amenity . van loon yeah . and they eventually get they ass kick . he get out . Van loon drive off . ext . eddie' block - night eddie ( v.0 . ) I do not go in . Eddie keep walk by he building . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I want to walk , move , digest , ingest ... his stride pick up , buoyantly . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) there be moment in life , moment when you know you have cross a bridge , you old life be over . Van loon be my bridge . one week , two week from now , I would be hobnob with ambassador , fly to Dubai for meeting , blow off supermodel , vacation in Medici villas ... and that too , be only a bridge ... he step off the curb . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) suddenly ... a sharp , jarring CUT to : ext . houston STREET - night Eddie be step off another curb , God know where . eddie ( v.0 . ) there be another skip . ( continued ) 56 . continued : he stop , rock . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) how have I go that last 20 block ? I get another ten ... on eddie walking ... eddie ( v.0 . ) ... then ... ... in mid-step ... ext . upper 5 th avenue - night Eddie be walk past the Metropolitan Museum . eddie ( v.0 . ) I be back uptown . a sharp , jarring CUT to : int . a club - night Eddie be suddenly sit at a bar , pick up a drink , people around he ... eddie ( v.0 . ) what bar be this ? be it harlem ...? a sharp , jarring CUT to : Eddie be dance with a beautiful black woman ... eddie ( v.0 . ) same bar ? different bar ? how long have pass ...? he break away from she , start for the door ... a sharp , jarring CUT to : int . a club lady room - night Eddie come to in the act of bang the beautiful black woman savagely , against the stall door . eddie ( v.0 . ) and it happen again -- a sharp , jarring CUT to : 57 . ext . harlem STREET in front of bar bam ! a large black man crumple in front of Eddie -- go down , hit , blood pour from he nose . ( could he be the boyfriend of the girl Eddie 's just bang ? ) Eddie stare at he bloody fist . it hurt --! eddie ( v.0 . ) and again ... int . a loft - night eddie ( v.0 . ) and again ... Eddie sit on a plush sofa with several middle - aged INTERNATIONAL type , some chatter in italian . he have a drink in he hand . there be paintbrush , paint and canvass strewn around ... a live / work space . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and again ... a sharp , jarring CUT to : ( and now the image be speed up : ) int . a HOTEL corridor - night Eddie be walk down the plush corridor with a attractive middle - aged latin woman we see at the artist 's loft ... now it 's just flash --skimm stone of consciousness -a wine cork be pop . a plate of mussel swim in wine sauce . rumpled sheet . and then ... a blur of motion -- body , a swirl of riotous color -- a frenzy of shot : a cab stopping . a gargoyle on a build . a dog leash abandoned in a puddle . no rhyme , no reason , just image , image , image ... and then blackness . ext . the brooklyn bridge - dawn Eddie be walk , now with a limp . he stop . look back . the familiar postcard view of Manhattan be ahead of he , look like it always look . eddie ( v.0 . ) when it finally stop , I could not account for the last eight hour of my life . ( continued ) 58 . continued : he notice he foot hurt when he put it down . he have a limp . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) there be nothing to do but walk home . he turn around and limp back towards the island . int . eddie' bedroom - morning Eddie be sleep in all he clothes . eddie ( v.0 . ) it be my first sleep in two day . int . eddie' live room - day Eddie , look very groggy , be hold a thick packet mark " Van loon associate , - by courier . " the file Carl Van loon send . sitting on the dining table be a mot tablet . he stare at they . eddie ( v.0 . ) should I ? would I start " skip time " again ? he push the tablet away . do not take they . another angle - time CUT Eddie be sit in he read chair , exhaust , go through the paperwork . eddie ( v.0 . ) even off mot , I decide to give Van loon 's file a shot . van loon's file - close Eddie leaf through they ... piece of paper chart corporate growth , cover with chart , graph , and mind - numb statistic . push in on Eddie 's face , as he realize ... eddie ( v.0 . ) they be fuck hieroglyphs . int . a wall STREET office - day the phone ring . Kevin doyle pick it up . ( continued ) 59 . continued : kevin hello --? Eddie - -? what be you talk about ? and we cross - CUT between they : eddie I can not make the meeting , I be , uh ... I be sick . it 's a lame excuse , it sound lame as he say it , but then , he 's off mot . kevin yeah , well , you can not have the fuck flu right now -- he will never give you this chance again ! eddie I need to , ah , analyze this data - we see the two man continue to talk , Kevin grow more agitate , Eddie grow more sheepish as we hear : eddie ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) already I recognize it ... the thick tongue , the leaden synapse . it be regular Eddie - the Eddie that , now , be unbearable to be . we fade up the SOUND on the two man : kevin ... do not you get it ?! this be you test --! eddie well , I can not pass a fuck test right now ! kevin and how be I go to look if you do not ? Eddie look pretty bad . he massage he temple . eddie okay , Kevin . okay . he hand up on a still - yammer doyle . he pick up the mot pill , look at it . ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be my first morning off mot in a month . the beginning of a headache be curling around my head like a big fat , greasy python . again , he look at the mot tablet , weigh he option . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but the time -skip have I scared . he put the tablet back down on the table . int . the regency HOTEL restaurant - day Eddie walk in , much more tentative in he stride , fear in he eye . this be the real Eddie , the non-mdt Eddie and he feel suddenly out of place with the curly maple panele antique Persian carpet . eddie ( v.o. ) my think -- such as I have one -- be to tap dance with Van loon until I could find out more about mot . int . bar area - day Eddie sit on a couch , pierce on another chair , Van loon opposite , watch he . van loon what do you know about hank atwood ? eddie uh ... iconoclast ... own , um , a lot of Colorado ... he 's struggle . van loon uh-huh . so this be " prepare , " Eddie ? he shoot Eddie a look of wither contempt . Eddie hold the stare and shoot a look back . eddie what be this , atwood 101 ? everyone know about atwood . van loon where be he two year ago ? ( continued ) 61 . continued : a flash of panic in Eddie 's eye . what 's the right answer ? eddie nowhere . a agonizing pause . then Van loon nod . van loon two year ago forbe do not even have he on the radar . eddie yeah , he great Leap forward . Eddie be fake it . pierce be look at he intently . but Eddie 's stay afloat . van loon the guy come on , out of nowhere , so fuck strong he have I on the run . beat I out of two property , invest in bumfuck country with no oil , place I would not go near , sextuples he money . Eddie 's glance flick to the tv behind the bar . a woman be picture flash on the tv screen -- and he recognize it . it 's the italian woman he meet last night ! van loon ( cont 'd ) ... always pick green technology , invest in they , and a year later he own they . Eddie strain to hear the anchorwoman' voice ... anchorwoman ... find dead in she hotel room last night , victim of foul play . Eddie try to keep he face immobile . Van loon 's voice drone on , distort now , as we hear Eddie 's heart pound . van loon ...100 billion if he have a nickel ... and I have to convince he , somehow , that I can raise he game . anchorwoman a unidentified eyewitness have report see a man with a limp leave the scene . ( more ) ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) anchorwoman ( cont 'd ) anyone with information should contact local law enforcement authority . -- Steve ? Eddie bolt upright . van loon you can not tell I he 's in this to improve the fuck planet . he own a ball team . Eddie be pale , sweaty , faint . there 's only one thing to do : eddie Excuse I . Eddie dash out . Van loon and pierce look at each other . ext . the regency - night Eddie burst from the door , vomit into the gutter . eddie ( v.0 . ) I could not have . he lean against a street sign , try to right himself . he gasp for breath . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ... or could I ? int . eddie' live room - day Eddie come in , breathe wildly , panicked . eddie ( v.o. ) if I could walk , talk , conduct business , seduce a woman , fight -- with no memory ... could I kill someone ? be it even I ? who be I ?! immediately the phone ring . he nearly jump out of he skin . he can not answer . he sit on the couch , head in he hand , rock , as it ring . finally , the machine pick up . melissa' voice hi , Eddie ... it 's Melissa . listen , call I back as soon as you -- Eddie lunge for the phone , pick it up . ( continued ) 63. continued : eddie Melissa --? melissa ( surprised he pick up ) Eddie --? eddie Melissa , I want to talk to you . please . meet I somewhere ... melissa we be talk now . eddie nonono -- at Charlie 's , across the street . at two . melissa you can not see I , Eddie . eddie please . Melissa -- it 's important , please come -- you have to tell I what you be talk about ! but she 's already hang up . close on - eddie' dresser drawer - day Eddie 's hand rummage through everything ... eddie ( v.0 . ) I realize that there be other people who might know about mot ... his hand find what they be look for . Vernon 's little black book . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) Vernon 's other client . int . eddie' bedroom - day Eddie sit on the bed , the black book open on he knee . Eddie look at the page , then reach for the telephone . pick it up . hear strange click over the dial tone . he put down the phone , fear on he face . 64 . ext . downtown STREET - day Eddie walk , slip through the crowd , try to suppress he limp ... he look nervously behind he ... be that man in the tan raincoat follow he ? he try to walk faster , but it make he limp more pronounce . he turn the corner . he seem to have lose the guy . ext . WASHINGTON square park - day Eddie sit on a park bench , make call on he cell phone . eddie hello , may I speak to Paul Kaplan , please ? woman' voice ( suspicious ) who be this ? eddie I be a journalist . from electronics today magazine . woman' voice look ... my husband die three day ago . Eddie be floor . eddie I be ... I be so sorry . Goodbye . smash CUT to : Eddie have diall another number . eddie ( cont 'd ) I , ah , may I speak to Jerry brady ? male voice Jerry 's in -- who 's this ? eddie uh -- Bill Johnson . male voice well Bill ... Jerry 's in the hospital ... ( voice quaking ) ... and he 's really sick . ( continued ) 65 . continued : eddie oh my God . what 's wrong with he ? male voice we do not know . he just start get this headache a couple of week ago ...? then , uh , last Wednesday he collapse at work ... smash CUT to : Eddie turn to the last page of Vernon 's book . eddie ( v.o. ) of all the people I call , three be dead , and the rest be sick . Eddie dial the last number . instantly , there be a ring . we rack focus to - the man in the tan coat , sit a discreet distance from Eddie . his phone be ringing . Eddie turn white . the man take out he cell phone and answer . man' voice hello ...? hello ...? the man suddenly look up . lock eye with Eddie . know that he know . Eddie leap up , begin to run . the man leap up and follow . ext . downtown STREET - day Eddie run desperately , as fast as a person off mot possibly can . he still have the limp from he blackout escapade , too . he can not run fast . Tan coat be gain . Eddie collide with pedestrian , step on street sunglass display , send a saxophonist sprawling . eddie ( v.0 . ) in the end , my stupidity save I . Eddie , panicked , not look , run for the crosswalk . eddie be Pov - a huge truck be barrel , unstoppably , right towards he --! ( continued ) 66 . continued : eddie be freeze . the truck swerve , up on the curb . Tan coat must dive out of the way , knock down pedestrian like bowl pin , as the truck hit a streetlight , mangle it -- then be whacked -- twice -- by two cab pile up behind it . when Tan coat extract himself from the pile of prone pedestrian , he last glimpse be of - eddie - down the block disappear down into a Subway entrance . swallow by a crowd . tan coat hesitates , but know that he can not catch up . Eddie 's give he the slip . this time . int . charlie' coffee shop - day Eddie , limping , enter , look around anxiously . eddie ( v.0 . ) what be I deal with ? who could tell I ? I hope against hope ... that Melissa would show . eddie be Pov - scanning the place not one person in it could possibly be Melissa . Eddie sigh . turn to go . female voice ( o.s. ) Eddie ...? Eddie turn back . there , sit at a booth , be a thick - waist , short - haire brunette middle - age woman , wear a large , shapeless sweater . Eddie have look right at she ... and not recognize she . she bear no relationship to the siren Melissa of he memory . Eddie try to hide the shock on he face . eddie Melissa ...? he go to she , sit . yes , it 's the same person , but dramatically , tragically change . her face be puffy , she pallor blotchy . there be line under she eye and around she mouth , line bring on by more than the passage of a few year . Eddie try to conceal he shock . ( continued ) 67 . continued : eddie ( cont 'd ) you ... how be you do ? Melissa respond with a cynical shrug . then , she eye he . melissa do not tell I I look good , because I know I do not . I do not want you to see I this way ... ( beat ) you look good . eddie I guess I lose some weight ... melissa yeah , well , mot will do that to you . they regard each other for minute , unsure of where to start . Old emotion . New emotion . shock. dismay . affection . melissa ( cont 'd ) I know you have be do it . I just read the post. Eddie . short -sell stock ? second-guess the market ? you ? come on . Eddie do not know what to say . eddie since when do you read the Post ? melissa this day , the Post 's about all I can read . eddie Melissa , what do you mean ? melissa I mean , I do it too . and I only take nine or ten hit . Vernon do not tell you any of this , do he ? eddie no . Melissa snort as if to say , typical . melissa well , when he tell I about this amazing new drug ... ( more ) ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) melissa ( cont 'd ) I be like , down the hatch . and it be amazing . I read Brian greene 's the elegant Universe in 45 minute and understand it . my work rate increase ... just , insanely , overnight . my boss start to hate I -- they offer I he job . and then I get scared . eddie why ? melissa I be not stupid . I mean , nobody can keep up that level of mental activity and not crash . I stop take it . eddie and ...? melissa I get sick . headaches , throw up ... I go back to Vernon to see if I maybe should not take another hit , or half a hit , and then he tell I about ... about the people who be die . one guy do not die , but he 's a vegetable , he mother have to sponge he down every day ... ( beat ) how much have you be take , Eddie ? a long beat as they look into each other 's eye . eddie a lot . melissa well , maybe they have work out the bug . maybe ... maybe this be not the same batch ... Eddie hate the look in she eye . his hand be at he temple . melissa ( cont 'd ) you be off it right now , be not you ? eddie yeah . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 3 ) melissa be you get a headache ? eddie finish you story . melissa well , I do not take more . and I do not die . but after a while I find I could not concentrate on anything for longer than ten minute . I miss deadline . I get lazy ... and slow ... put on weight ... the magazine let I go . my husband check out . sex ? get out of here . she lean back , look he in the eye . melissa ( cont 'd ) that be two year ago , and I have not be the same since . I can not read any more -- I mean , the fuck New York Post ? Eddie feel ill , physically ill , hearing this . melissa ( cont 'd ) after this , I be go to have a migraine for three day . and I have get to pee . which be another thing . she get up ... go to the lady room . and now Eddie see -- she wear a leg brace . like a kid , from the old day , with Polio . eddie ( v.0 . ) how many time have I think of she , my first real love ... we see flash of young melissa ... eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but that Melissa have unravel in time and space -- she be a ghost now . I be never go to see she again , never bump into she in the street ... the tear gather behind Eddie 's eye . he can not help it . he put he hand to he face to hide he emotion . 70 . ext . coffee shop - day Eddie leave with Melissa . he be control he tear -- barely . melissa you have some leave ? good . go home and take it . take the dose down , but do not just stop -- you will die if you just stop . try to taper off . otherwise , the headache 's just the beginning ... I have to go -- Eddie , indeed , be rub he temple . eddie but when I run out -- melissa I do not know . I have to go -- Eddie catch she arm . eddie who invent mot ? melissa I do not know -- ( beat ) Goodbye , Eddie . he let go of she arm . a puffy , crippled woman about to cry . she turn she back and move away from he , stiffly , limping , without look back . ext . eddie be Pov - he apartment build - day eddie ( v.o. ) no one seem to be watch my apartment , maybe I could chance it . on eddie he glance around - the coast be clear - and set off across the street . he look weak , ill - he breathe labor . he stumble - catch himself eddie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be get sicker by the moment . luckily I have one pill on I ... he pull it from he pocket . ( continued ) 71 . continued : wham ! he 's push up against the wall of he building . not by Tan coat . by gennady the russian . gennady you fuck forget about I ? huh ? Eddie be stunne -- gennady whacked he head against the building pretty hard . he still clutches the mot tablet tight in he fist . eddie I ... I ... ahh ... gennady one o'clock ? and you not here ?! Eddie try to catch he breath . eddie I be here now ! int . eddie' live room - on the door they come into he apartment , Eddie use all he energy to stay upright . eddie I will get you a check . gennady turn to ice . gennady a check ? a check ?! you out of you fuck mind ?! what you think we be , some financial institution ? Eddie realize he brain be not work -- of course gennady can not take a check . eddie gennady , look - gennady I cut you ball off ! eddie I be not think . look , we just need to go to my bank - oof ! gennady have punch he in the stomach . harder than he 's ever be punch . Eddie gasp for breath ... hold he fist to he body , protect the pill . gennady notice . ( continued ) 72 . continued : gennady what you get there ? eddie nothing -- gennady grab Eddie 's wrist and wrench he hand open . eddie ( cont 'd ) it 's aspirin . gennady snatch the pill away from he . examine it . gennady do not look like no aspirin I ever see ! his voice drip with crude contempt . gennady ( cont 'd ) what be it ? something good , eh ? in one swift motion , gennady pop it in he mouth and swallow it ! Eddie be mute with shock . int . a bank - close on Eddie 's shaking hand be hand gennady a thick envelope . eddie that 's the whole thing , plus twenty . he look desperately ill . he can barely stand . gennady , meanwhile , be come on to mot . gennady I feel good . what in that shit ? eddie aspirin and vitamin . gennady you fuck full of shit , Morgan . I know you lie about the movie script too . he want to hit Eddie again , but think the better of it with all the bank camera . 73. the monitor - we see gennady give the camera a gay little wave , then turn and walk out . ext . the STREET - day Eddie lurch along the street , staggering like a drunk , barely able to walk . people avoid he , veer away . eddie ( v.o. ) I have to get my stash . int . lindy'' office - day lindy clearly have a mid-level executive job ; she office be better than a cubicle and she have a bit of a view . there be a knock . a female assistant appear in the door . female assistant lindy ...? I would not have let he in , but I know you know he ... eddie appear in the door , look deathly ill . lindy it 's all right , Lisa . the girl go . lindy , sense something dire , leap up and close the door . Eddie immediately collapse on the floor . lindy kneel down to help he - competent , try to stay calm . lindy ( cont 'd ) Eddie -- what be it --? eddie I be sorry -- I be sick . I be not go to make it home - lindy okay . okay , I will get you to a doctor -- eddie it won't help --! I need to get -- it 's very simple : I need my pill . lindy what kind of pill ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : eddie they're ... for my headache ... lindy what headache ? what be you --? ( beat , realize ) be you on some drug ? eddie it 's ... complicated . lindy oh. oh . so all this energy of yours , all this focus ... have be some drug , Eddie ? eddie not ... the way you ... lindy you need a doctor . eddie no . that will not -- Eddie 's phone ring . he and lindy look at each other . he answer it . eddie ( cont 'd ) hello ? int . valerie ( he landlady be ) apartment - day Valerie be on the phone . and we cross - CUT between they : valerie what the hell be you do up there ? eddie w-what ? there be , indeed , loud noise come from above she . valerie be you tear up you floor or something ?! understand in Eddie 's pain eye . he click off the phone . eddie ( v.0 . ) I know what be go on . 75 . int . eddie' apartment -a series of quick shot - day male hand be rip the place to piece . pull the toilet from the wall . cut open the mattress . take apart Eddie 's computer . int . lindy'' office - day lindy ...a smart drug ...? eddie it be suppose to be legal . lindy oh , Eddie ... you jerk . eddie I have a supply ... stashed ... lindy ( know what 's come ) no . eddie I just need ... to get it ... lindy and I be suppose to just go ?! in the middle of my work day ?! to you apartment to get you more drug ? int . eddie' apartment - day the male hand have find Eddie 's hide place . they lift the old broiler of the stove ... ... and ... the mot be not there . the broiler be slam down in anger . int . lindy'' office - day eddie not to my apartment . I move it . lindy you do --? why ?! eddie I be smart . I be on mot . lindy then where do you keep it --? ( continued ) 76 . continued : he look at she , guiltily . lindy ( cont 'd ) oh , you prick . int . lindy'' live room - day lindy enter . tense , panicked . she walk to a square end table , take the lamp off it . the table be actually a box -- she lift the lid . she reach in ... and pull out the packet of mot . lindy you asshole ... in my fuck house ?! furious , she stuff it into she purse and go for the door . ext . lindy'' build - day as she leave , we see that we be in the Pov of ... a man across the street . he click open a cell phone . int . lindy'' office - day there be a knock on the door . lying on the floor , try to breathe , Eddie ignore it . his phone ring again . it take a lot of effort just to answer it . eddie hi -- have you get it ? and we cross -cut between : int . a moving cab - day lindy be on the phone . her voice be tense , terrify . lindy yes . -- Eddie , there 's someone follow I . eddie be you sure ? lindy he get into the cab behind I , and they be make every turn I be make ! ( continued ) 77 . continued : eddie do not get out . lindy what the fuck do you put I in the middle of --?! eddie call the cop . lindy ( panicking ) there 's traffic . we be slow down ... ( to the driver ) go around he ! go around ! ( to eddie ) shit ! we be stop dead . ( a gasp ) he 's get out , Eddie -- he 's walk over here - Eddie , helpless on the floor , can do nothing . eddie lindy --!!! ext . fifth avenue - day lindy bolt from the cab just as tan coat put he hand on the opposite door . she take off into Central Park . and he 's after she like a shot . ext . central park - day lindy veer off the path , through the tree , zig - zag , try to find a place not to be see . tan coat Zig-zag too , not far behind she . lindy begins to scream , desperate : lindy help ! help !! up ahead , miraculously , a cop on horseback . he step the horse toward she . she race over and press she body against the side of the horse . ( continued ) 78 . continued : she 's so panicked and out of breath she can barely speak . lindy ( cont 'd ) there 's ... a... man ... chase I . he have a long , tan -- the cop seem to be pay attention , then suddenly grunt and twitches , he eye flutter , glaze ... and he topples off he horse to the ground ... ... revealing tan coat , on the other side of the horse . the blade in he hand be bloody . lindy run .... try to lose herself in a wedding party ... come to a section of huge , decorative boulder and rock . dive behind one of they . ahead , she can see the outdoor ice skater , couple , family , enjoy the ice . it seem surreal . several yard behind she be tan coat , look behind every tree , every trash bin . lindy pick up the phone , keep she voice low , although she 's hyperventilate . lindy ( cont 'd ) be you still there ? and we cross -cut between : int . lindy'' office - day eddie yes . what 's happen ? lindy I be hide , but I be stick . he will find I ! eddie just be still , stop talk . lindy he kill a cop -- eddie what ? lindy he 's go to kill I , Eddie ! eddie listen to I . can he see you ? lindy ( crying ) you fuck asshole -- ( continued ) 79 . continued : eddie can he see you ?! lindy not yet . -- I do not know what to do ! what do I do --! eddie there be something . lindy what ?! eddie listen to I . reach into the bag and take one of the pill . lindy s-swallow one of that thing ?! eddie yes . Tan coat be get closer . eddie ( cont 'd ) you will know what do to , lindy . take one , and you will know . lindy he 's get a knife -- I can not think my way out of a knife --! eddie you will come on in thirty second . and yes , you will think you way out , that 's what it do . be you take it --? she swallow the pill . lindy ( a beat ) yes . he 's get closer . eddie lindy . I love you . ( a beat ) -- lindy ? be you there ? a beat . we push in on lindy 's eye . which be change . grow more steely . determined . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) lindy Eddie ...? I feel it . she hang up . Eddie be leave look at the phone . ext . central park - day Tan coat be perhaps five yard behind lindy and get closer . but she 's not cry any more . she 's look at - the ice skating rink , and the skater , whirling across the ice . lindy be eye flash . she know what to do . suddenly , she bolt from she hide place behind the rock , tear down the hill as fast as she can . Tan coat be behind she like a shot . ext . the ice skating rink - day lindy race down the hill , push past the line of people , and onto the ice ... Tan coat be clearly desperate -- he do not give a shit who see he chase she . in a flash , he 's on the ice after lindy , run and slide . people collide with he , he push skater aside , send they sprawling ... just as he 's close in on lindy ... lindy wheel around , grab a six year old girl under the arm , and hoist her into the AIR , swinging she leg at Tan coat as hard she can ! the little girl 's skate arc through the air -- whoosh ! - and connect , cutting Tan coat 's face . badly . he sink to he knee , hand to he cheek , welling blood . people scream and scatter . lindy keep she wit about she . she run , slide across the ice , and leaping the fence , with surprising grace . she 's go . int . lindy'' office - day - on eddie be hand - close as a mot pill be put into it . a wider shot show Eddie swallow it with a glass of water . lindy sit across the room , look at he , she expression cool and compose . they look at each other , a look of understanding . 81 . int . W HOTEL - lobby - day Eddie finish check in , lindy beside he . he seem completely restore to he sharp , snappy self . the desk clerk give he a key . he put he arm around she , lead she to the elevator . int . W HOTEL - room - night Eddie take lindy 's hand , sit she on the bed . eddie we will stay here for a couple of day . we will be power up , we will be able to think we way out of this ... he kiss she hand . look into she eye . eddie ( cont 'd ) I be back . all right ? lindy look at he for a long moment . lindy who 's back , Eddie ? eddie I can take care of you now . lindy that be never what I want . eddie a lot 's go to happen for we . and everything that I will have ... I will share with you . I will love you . lindy 's head come up . she look at he , steely . lindy you know ... you be always smart . you could have do this . not this ... but some of this thing ... maybe a third of this thing ... without any smart drug at all . a third of all this ... to most people ...? ... would be plenty . she get up , turn away from he . ( continued ) 82. continued : lindy ( cont 'd ) I understand that stuff now , Eddie . and I do not blame you for take it . no one could ever tell you , till you take it , what it can do . invincibility in a bottle . and I know I be go to think about take it again every day for the rest of my life . there 's eerie quiet to she tone that Eddie have not hear before . a matter-of - fact chill . lindy ( cont 'd ) but once you can see everything that way , mapped out like that , on a grid ... and always be right ...? who would want to wing it ? who would want to fuck up ? who would want to be human ? she head for the door . lindy ( cont 'd ) I just come up to say goodbye . I do not ever want to see you again . I be not even go to stay in New York . do not try to find I , and do not try to help I . she go . he know there 's no point in stop she . she 's do with he . ext . W HOTEL - later Eddie at the window , look down ... ext . eddie be Pov - the STREET he see lindy briskly walk away . rack focus as lindy pass ... gennady . lean against a sign post . lighting a cigarette . and look up at Eddie 's hotel . wait . ext . W HOTEL - day gennady stand there , look up at the hotel . so he 's a little surprised to find eddie walk right up to he . eddie look for I ? gennady quickly get aggressive : ( continued ) 83. continued : gennady you think you can run out on I ? you think I do not know where you be ? eddie I be under the impression that we business be settle . something be jamme into Eddie 's rib . something under gennady 's coat . Eddie do not blink . gennady walk . gennady walk he around the corner , down some stair , to the ( desert ) ground entrance of someone 's apartment . Eddie remain cool . eddie so now you be go to rob I ? I think you be a businessman . gennady I want some more of that shit . eddie what shit . gennady the pill . he whacks Eddie , hard , across the face . Eddie , stoic , on mot , do not react . eddie well , so do I . you take the last one . gennady so you get I more . eddie I can not get more -- the dealer 's dead . now gennady smile . gennady oh. well . too bad for you . because how you gonna go to that fancy meeting with you nose feed to my dog ? ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) Eddie do not like that gennady know anything about he business life . but he stand he ground . eddie nothing . i. can. do. gennady make some call . one hundred pill . eddie a hundred can not happen . the dealer 's dead , I have to call three people to even get a line on -- the gun barrel be bring up beneath Eddie 's chin . gennady you know I do not really do this . so clean , like this . what I do to you , I do in stage . eddie I might ... be able to get ten . gennady ten. fuck you ten . eddie ( hold he ground ) ten . and no guarantee there 's more . gennady look at he for a long , menace moment . gennady oh , I think guarantee . but he 's accept the ten . for now . he push Eddie against the wall , hard , knock the wind out of he . eddie ( v.0 . ) self-pity and mot be not compatible . one have to go on ... int . HOTEL lobby - close on - a SMALL envelope be put into gennady 's hand . a wider shot reveal Eddie , watch gennady with contempt as he grab a fistful of nut off a bar table as he go . pig. eddie ( v.0 . ) ... patch up what 's leave ... 85 . int . carl van loon's office - day van loon I will not deny you piss I off , Eddie . eddie I be sick . I should not have go to the meeting . I try to cancel , but Kevin implode on I -- Van loon look at Eddie penetratingly . van loon I do not know who or what I be talk to . eddie a hundred and five , be what you be talk to , Carl . delirium . van loon look , there can not be any instability . not when you be play at this level . eddie I send over my revise projection -- van loon I do not ask for you projection . eddie I know , but I think if you look at they - van loon I already have . a long beat as the two man size each other up . Van loon look away , but a tiny smile crease the corner of he mouth . van loon ( cont 'd ) as a matter of fact , there be firing over you projection . eddie I be sorry . van loon ... some thing my team miss . so , oddly enough , I find myself ... need to fill a position . ( continued ) 86 . continued : Eddie stay cool . he 's in . int . van loon conference room - day eddie ( v.0 . ) two month after I start mot , I be help broker the most important merger in corporate history . Eddie sit with Van loon , pierce , and several powerful looking men , confer . they look at a elaborate chart / graph that Eddie be sketching ... even pierce , he detractor , look impressed . int . W HOTEL - night Eddie be eat a luxurious room service dinner , go through file and projection . eddie ( v.o. ) I find that if I maintain a even dose ... remember to eat ... drank no alcohol ... the blackout do not recur . Eddie shake one mot pill into he hand , downs it . int . layfayette day trading - day Eddie be back on the trading floor , a crowd around he . eddie ( v.0 . ) I be quickly back up to speed ... int . a madison avenue tailor be shop - day Eddie be be fitte for new suit . eddie be it possible to construct a ... imperceptible compartment ? tailor certainly , sir . how large ? eddie quite large . the tailor nod , make a note . he 's certainly not go to ask any question . ( continued ) 87 . continued : eddie ( cont 'd ) I would never again stash my mot , not in a apartment , not in Fort knox . int . a windowless room - day Eddie , buzzing with charismatic authority , speak to two beefy men , who be professional muscle . ( note : one have very elaborate tattoo on he finger . ) eddie I do not want it know that I have any security . you will not precede I , you will follow I , never less than ten step behind ... `inconspicuous ' do not begin to describe you . you be not there . you be a ceo be wife -- you be wallpaper . the man nod . they understand . int . eddie' HOTEL bathroom - day Eddie straighten he tie . then open he suit jacket , reach in , and pull along a seam . a invisible pocket open . eddie ( v.o. ) safer though my stash now be , I be not sit around until it run out . int . a laboratory - night the place be state of the art , but it 's a after-hour , furtive meeting Eddie be have with a technician , who pass back a small plastic envelope to Eddie . in it we see several tablet of mot . technician well , it 's nothing you can cook up on a stove top . whoever make it , it 's a real pro act . eddie can you make more ? technician can I combine this ingredient in the same exact quantity ? yes . ( more ) ( continued ) 88. continued : technician ( cont 'd ) but the exact method of delivery to the brain ...? dart at a dartboard . eddie meaning ...? technician clinical trial . guinea pig people . eddie that 's too long . technician it 's what it be . or you will kill people . you need twelve , eighteen month -- Eddie toss the envelope back at he , get up . eddie two million dollar if you do it in six . he hold up the packet . the guy consider . then slowly reach for it , take the mot back . int . restaurant - day Eddie be have lunch with several power player . they be listen , mesmerize , to what Eddie be say ... eddie ( v.o. ) it be all go to work out ... his eye flicker upwards . his two security men be seat at the bar . the camera pan to find ... also seat at the bar , be the detective who question Eddie at the police station ! Eddie get up , " casually " wander over to where the detective be sit , pretend to order another drink . he do not make eye contact with the detective , or look like he 's talk to he . eddie ( cont 'd ) I think we straighten this out , detective . detective this be not about Vernon gant , Mr. Morgan . ( continued ) 89 . continued : fear begin to prick the back of Eddie 's neck . but he strive for casual annoyance . eddie what be it about ? the detective hand Eddie a magazine . the new york DAILY news - close it be turn to the middle , and there be a picture of Eddie , candid , on the trading floor . that fuck article ! detective a witness identify the donatella alvarez suspect as this person . you want to tell I about you whereabouts on the night of June 12 ? Eddie keep he cool , do not look scared . wander back to the table , say a few cool word , and stroll back to the detective . the detective get up . shall we go ? eddie ( v.0 . ) luckily , I could now afford Morris brandt , the best lawyer in New York . ext . police precinct - day Eddie walk down the step , with a beautifully dress shark lawyer , morris brandt , 50' . eddie ( v.0 . ) time be buy , and I be release -- for now . Eddie 's two security guy , wait , fall into step ten pace behind he . morris brandt you be lucky somebody wipe the room . weak circumstantial at best . just between we -- be you there ? eddie I do not remember . morris brandt ( shrug ) busy life . ( continued ) 90 . continued : he 's hear it all , and do not really care . int . carl van loon's conference room - day eddie ( v.0 . ) Carl Van loon and hank atwood remain unaware that soon , I would be in a witness lineup as a possible murderer . Eddie be make a presentation to the Van loon associate -- and a skeptical - look older guy -- hank atwood . eddie ( cont 'd ) ... well , a unify front between Van loon and atwood would be lethally effective , and not a moment too soon .. sycorp , andine and other be jockey for the same industrial concession in Mexico that both we company be secretly sniff out ... hank atwood how do you know this ? eddie well , the governmental bribe structure be , in itself , corrupt , so of course information about its inner working , like anything , can be buy . and there be other barbarian wave cash at the gate . I have a list here , in descend order of threat ... atwood rub he temple , seemingly distract . but then , he look at Eddie piercingly . atwood go on . int . van loon's outer office - day the meeting have break up . atwood be leave , surround by minion . Van loon lean into Eddie . van loon Eddie ...? what 's you read . eddie it fly . of course , he 's not go to tell you right now ... ( continued ) 91 . continued : Van loon notice -- atwood be use a cane . van loon Jesus . he seem frail . eddie might be a act . van loon yeah , do not track . he 's not even 60 . atwood 's go . Van loon look at Eddie . van loon ( cont 'd ) so , Eddie . what be you go to do ? eddie when this be over ? ( smile ) I do not know . you have not give I the answer . Van loon eye he . Eddie be only half kid . van loon you have not ask the question . eddie all right . if all this come off ... what 's my take ? van loon you should have pre-negotiate . eddie I trust you . van loon you should not . Eddie return Van loon 's look coolly , imply that it really might be in Van loon 's best interest to trust he . eddie well , give the scale of my contribution , it can not be anything lese than forty . let 's say forty - five . van look done . forty five thousand dollar . ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 2 ) both he and Eddie start to laugh . van loon forty million 's plenty , Eddie . there 's plenty more where this come from . he try to read Eddie 's smile which be remove , far away ... van look ... but you be not go to continue work for I , be you ? Eddie open he mouth . pause . van loon do not lie . you be already bored . onto the next ...? Van loon do not get to where he be for nothing . van loon ( cont 'd ) I would really love to know what , after a forty million dollar payout , be " next " to you . but you be not go to tell I that , either . ( smile ) and I be not sure I want to know . might singe my ego . he shake Eddie 's hand . van loon ( cont 'd ) I will open a line of credit for you . even a tough nut like you 's go to want a few toy . int . a huge , deluxe empty apartment - ( the celestial ) - day Eddie be be show the apartment by a thirty - something female realtor . the apartment be still under construction -- brand new -- and enormous , with a wall of floor - to- ceiling window in the live room show off spectacular view . realtor ... three restaurant , health club , of course , a private screen room , wine cellar , walk - in humidor ... unparalleled , three - tier security system ... Eddie look out over the city , feel a surge . yes . ( continued ) 93. continued : eddie what be the ask price ? realtor twelve point five . Eddie have to look away from she , bite he lip . he can not show she any sign of sticker shock . the face he turn back to she be compose , even blase . he shrug -- no problem ! we see a almost sexual excitement dance in she eye . int . eddie' HOTEL room - day eddie ( v.o. ) it be , as it turn out , a good moment to move . Eddie come in . the room have be completely rip to piece -- just like Eddie 's apartment . Eddie just smile . because there be nothing for anyone to find . ext . WASHINGTON square park - day eddie ( v.o. ) no one know , or would ever know , that I now carry the pill with I at all time . Eddie stand , wait , he two security guy lurking 10 step behind . gennady appear , now with two russian thug of he own . this be new , and Eddie be not expect it . gennady 's security guy eye Eddie 's security guy , and vice versa . gennady be wear a suit and look much more sophisticated . Eddie hand gennady a small envelope . gennady take it . in he eye be a penetrate intelligence . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) right away , it be obvious he be on mot . gennady whip out a silver lighter and light himself a cigarette . his movement be elegant , refine . gennady next week ...? I require twenty pill . eddie next week ? you can fuck yourself . ( beat ) not that you will feel anything . ( continued ) 94 . continued : gennady 's eyebrow go up . gennady 's security guy reach into they jacket . so do Eddie 's guy . gennady 's eye flick over the situation , motion to he guy to keep still . gennady laugh , a unpleasant sound . gennady I do not think you forbe 400 new financial friend would appreciate the detail of you little dilemma with the police ? gennady turn with a flourish and walk off . over he shoulder , with smug confidence : gennady ( cont 'd ) Thursday . you have they here . gennady turn , walk to the curb , where a new black town car be wait for he and he boy . eddie ( v.0 . ) obviously , this could not go on . but there be very little on this earth that 45 million dollar can not solve . and tomorrow at nine , atwood would sign the papers . int . van loon's office - day Eddie , Van loon and associate be all wait in the conference room . the clock on the wall read 9:40 . Van loon look glum . a long silence . pierce well , you want to call it ? associate # 1 cold foot . van loon there be all last night to tell we that . Van loon push the intercom . van loon ( cont 'd ) no call ? secretary's voice not yet . ( continued ) 95 . continued : eddie okay , the decision could have change -- that make sense -- but the discourtesy do not . ( beat ) it 's still on . pierce ( sarcastic ) oh , base on you graph and projection ? eddie ( calmly repeating ) I see he eye : it 's on . pierce you know , remind I : who the fuck , exactly , be you ?! -- I be sorry , Carl , I be about at the end with this unqualified , posture little - van loon pull it back , pierce . pierce since when be this little pisher the fuck delphi Oracle ?! van loon pierce - secretary's voice ( interrupting ) Mr. Van loon , Mrs. atwood be here . Eddie and Van loon look at each other . what ? Van loon nod at Eddie ; the two man get up . pierce start to get up too . van loon pierce , you can stay . pierce look bitter -- chasten -- as Van loon and Eddie go . int . carl van loon's inner office - day Van loon and Eddie enter , to find mrs . hank atwood , a well - dress , well - preserve and beautiful 50 , stand at Van loon 's desk . mrs . atwood I want this to be as confidential as possible . ( continued ) 96 . continued : Van loon and Eddie can not imagine what 's come next . mrs . atwood ( cont 'd ) my husband experience some pain and dizziness this morning . he 's at lenox Hill , undergo test . she speak with great dignity , distraught , but tightly control . mrs . atwood ( cont 'd ) obviously , it would not be in we best interest for this to be report by the press , as it might put some of he interest at risk . I just want you to know that we have every intention of signing the contract , and , as soon as he be able , we will proceed . ext . van loon's build - day Eddie and Van loon flank Mrs. atwood , walk she to she car . eddie I realize that this be a useless platitude , but ... if there 's anything we can do ... van loon obviously we want to be as helpful and respectful as possible . mrs . atwood thank you so much . I rely on you discretion . she shake both of they hand . a driver have the door open for she ; she get in , now out of earshot . van loon ( low ) you think there 's a proxy ? eddie cagey fuck like he give away power of attorney ? Eddie shake he head . the two man look at each other darkly . the driver close she door , turn -- and now Eddie can see he face . it 's tan coat . ( continued ) 97 . continued : with a huge , angry scar slashed across he cheek . Eddie and Tan coat look at each other . a steely moment of recognition . Tan coat turn away , get in the driver 's side . Van loon watch the car pull away . van loon well . he would better get better . we push in on Eddie 's face . who now know . eddie ( v.0 . ) but atwood would not get better . because atwood be out of mot . ext . midtown STREET - day Eddie , beautifully dress , walk . ten pace behind walk he security guy . he be think . eddie ( v.0 . ) well . why be surprised ? how many other meteoric rise might be explain by mot ? at least I have some ; my life be not in jeopardy . only my money ... int . police station - day - corridor eddie ( v.0 . ) ... and my liberty . Eddie stand with he favorite police detective and he lawyer in a anteroom lead to a institutional door . his lawyer talk to he , low . morris brandt I have be all over they ... we can not allow any disparity in race or physical type between you and the rest of the lineup -- they be as close to you clone as I could possibly get away with -- it 's go to be one big handsome blur to this guy - a female cop approach Eddie . female cop Mr. Morgan ...? I need you to change you jacket . ( continued ) 98 . continued : Eddie stiffen . eddie why ? morris brandt oh , that 's I ... I want everyone in the same shirt , better for the blur factor ... a beat . eddie of course . another beat of hesitation ... then Eddie hand brandt he jacket , take off he shirt , put on the blue shirt ... and stoically follow the female cop through the grubby door . int . the lineup - eddie' face female cop' voice please turn to the right . Eddie and four other dark - haire guy turn to the right . Eddie look at the black one - way window . eddie ( v.0 . ) who be out there ? the woman 's husband ? be some bellboy I undertipped about to end my life ? int . police station - on eddie' smiling lawyer morris brandt not the dimmest clue . he be dithering . Eddie blink at he . morris brandt ( cont 'd ) " maybe the third from the right ... no not he ... " -- oh . here you go . he hand Eddie back he jacket . morris brandt ( cont 'd ) ( be : the jacket ) thing of beauty . you have it make ? Eddie just nod , he eye steely . the lawyer feel the molten stare and hand the jacket back . 99 . ext . police station - dusk eddie ( v.0 . ) they would keep I all day . Eddie rush down the step , two at a time , look at he watch . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I would miss my meeting with gennady . int . WASHINGTON square park - dusk gennady , wear a gorgeous cashmere coat , wait , now with three security guy . gennady look at he watch , then say something low and sinister in Russian to he associate . eddie ( v.o. ) but I have more important business ... int . van loon's office - dusk Eddie hurry into the room . Van loon do not look up . he 's watch a monitor , which have a live news feed to a financial channel . female newscaster ... and the Dow have be yo-yoing all day , amidst speculation that Van loon associate and hank atwood have negotiate a merger ... Van loon turn to Eddie , furious , agitate . van loon have you be talk to anyone ? eddie not a word , Carl . van loon where have you be , Eddie - -? this be the second time you have turn to vapor -- ( continued ) 100 . continued : eddie personal time , Carl . phone off . you be not tell I there 's be any movement . van loon no. atwood 's in a coma . eddie a coma ? Black look between they as the newscaster continue . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it have get out , somehow . but I feel thick , stupid , tired . a small pain be start behind my eye . I would be unable to take my mot , and I be overdue . he shoot Van loon a glance . Van loon be miserably fixate on the tv . int . van loon be huge , sleek bathroom - dusk Eddie stand in a stall . reaches into the lining of he coat . unfasten the open of the compartment . close on the open there be nothing inside . eddie , panicked , feel again . nothing . the mot be simply not there !!! he begin to hyperventilate . spin in place . push against the stall wall , try not to scream . eddie ( v.0 . ) be it brandt ? or someone else ? the police station ? a coat room ? how ? how ? he burst from the stall , alone in the bathroom . stare at himself , terrify , in the mirror . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) in a hour I would be useless . in two I would be sick . in 24 , dead . 101 . int . van loon's office - night Eddie burst from the bathroom . try not to look too wild - eye . van loon Eddie - -? this come for you . Eddie look at a large BOX on Van loon 's desk . indeed , he name be on it . Eddie , mystify , approach it . as Van loon continue to stare at the tv , disinterested in the box , Eddie gingerly open it . int . the BOX - close Inside be the severe hand of eddie' security guy . ( one black hand , one with the distinctive tattoo . ) gennady . clearly this guy be dead . Eddie grab the box and start from the room . van loon what be you do , Eddie - -? eddie --!!! but Eddie 's go . int . van loon associate - dusk people be leave for the night . Eddie shove past they , still hold the damn box , frighten , jack up , desperate , shove people out of the way to get to the elevator . int . a limo - night - moving Eddie sit in the back seat , the box freakishly sit beside he . eddie ( v.o. ) I could not think . on eddie' face his brow be bead with sweat . eddie ( v.o. ) only mot could help I . I have no mot . and then ... push in on Eddie 's eye . ( continued ) 102 . continued : eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) one think . ( beat ) be there anywhere ... we begin to rewind ... in Eddie 's mind ... through many image we have see in this movie ... stop briefly at all the place Eddie have stashed he mot . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ... anywhere at all ... I could have leave one pill ...? we stop at the end table in lindy 's apartment , peer inside . empty . we stop at the underside of the grill on Eddie 's old stove . nothing . we continue to rewind -- but every image we stop on reveal ... nothing . eddie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have to keep think . somewhere safe ... int . the celestial - eddie' live room - night Eddie sit at he huge new steel dining table , the evil box on the table in front of he , head in he hand . ( the room be fill with label box he have never have a chance to unpack . ) the tv be on in the background . it 's a financial channel . we see mrs . hank atwood be give a statement . mrs . hank atwood there be absolutely no truth to the rumor of this merger . none whatsoever . my husband be have some test , this be a difficult time , and I would appreciate you direct further question to we attorney ... she motion at the gentleman next to she . -- who be also Eddie 's attorney , morris brandt . the one who be so helpful with the police . the one who hold he jacket . bitter amusement in Eddie 's eye . at least he know . the apartment buzzer buzze . Eddie freeze . look at the door . it buzy again . eddie ( v.0 . ) it be not downstairs security , alert I to a visitor . ( more ) ( continued ) 103 . continued : eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be my inner door . someone be in the building , ten foot away , right now . Eddie walk to he phone , pick it up . pushes the button , put it to he ear . it 's dead . he push the " on " button again and again . nothing . the buzzer buzy again . Eddie rush to the door , open the coat closet . in the closet be a state - of - the- art security monitor . gennady and two men be outside he door ! suddenly the monitor go black . Eddie flick the switch on the monitor . nothing . Eddie flick the switch again . it 's dead . someone , somewhere , have figure out how to disarm it . the buzzer buzy again . Eddie back away from the door . we hear Eddie 's shallow , panicked breathe . he lunge for he briefcase , pull out he cell phone . the cell phone - close it read " no signal . " bam ! the first slam on the door begin . bam ! the second . the door hold , but Eddie begin to back away in horror . bam ! we slowly fade to black . and fade in on : ext . the celestial - eddie' terrace ledge - night eddie ( v.o. ) and so ... here I be . and now we pick up Eddie where we leave he , stand on the ledge . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I know they would kill I , slowly and horribly . but this choice would at least be mine . we now hear the zzzzzzzz ! of some major power tool drilling at the door , punctuate by more bam ! -- one way or another they be go to get in . Eddie take a breath , try to jump . he can not . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but we be instinctive creature . we want to live . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 . continued : eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) so , my foggy brain try to remember ... where one tablet of mot ... might be . we push in on Eddie 's eye ... we be still rewinding in Eddie 's mind ... image of where we have see he keep mot ... nothing ... nothing ... nothing ... we stop at the sugarbowl on Eddie 's dining table . then go forward -- no , wait ! - rewind , stop again on the sugar BOWL . push in on the sugar bowl . Eddie spin around , look back into he apartment , eye intense . eddie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be possible . and possible be enough . int . the celestial - eddie' live room - night Eddie be tear through box as the pounding and drilling become deafen ... he rip open a box label " Kitchen " - it 's full of book . mis-label . jump cut as he rip open other box ... he hand frantically scatter CD , cutlery , can of food ... the door begin to give . under the deafen drill : more jump -cut as Eddie hysterically tear the pack paper off of promisingly - shape object . -- no . a glass . -- no . a vase . -- yes ! the sugar bowl . with sugar still inside ! Eddie rummages , frantically , among the sugar cube as the door give a few inch , groan , and we glimpse blurred face on the other side ... eddie' hand poke , wildly , among the cube ... push they aside , revealing at the bottom of the bowl - one mot tablet look back up at he . yes . it 's really there ! Eddie grab it , just as , with a splintering crash ! -- the door go down . Eddie step back , bring the pill up to he mouth ... but as he step , he trip on a soup can he 's scattered ... he fall backwards ... he hand hit the side of the coffee table ... ( continued ) 105 . continued : the mot tablet go fly ... ( slow motion ) ... as ... ... also in slow motion , gennady and he two thug smile as they advance into the room ... the mot tablet ... fly ... fly ... towards a grate in the floor -- a heating vent -- and hit it ... roll ... ... before disappear forever down the grate . Eddie know that 's it . his life have end . he suck in he last breath -- then , with a yell , he rush back for the terrace ... for he suicide leap ... thug # 1 be quick . get to the door first . Eddie will not have the luck to be able to jump . he 's trap between the two thug . gennady I tell you I want more . you do not listen . maybe you think I be joke ... he reach into he coat pocket ... gennady ( cont 'd ) but I be down to this last one . ... and pull out a syringe . gennady ( cont 'd ) see , I dissolve pill in solution . you shoot it - go straight into blood and to brain . Works much better . he pull the plastic sleeve off the needle . jab himself in the arm and inject the cloudy liquid . gennady ( cont 'd ) now . where do you keep yours ? Eddie be back to the wall . nowhere to go . eddie I be plum out . gennady just smile -- that be a unfortunate choice . he give a order to the thug who grab they tool and disappear deeper into the apartment . we hear they start to tear thing up . gennady and Eddie be alone . gennady they will find it . or I will make you tell I . which be quick ? we see , huh ? ( continued ) 106 . continued : ( 2 ) he click open a black attache case . it be fill with sinister - look silver instrument , and knife . int . eddie' study - night thug # 2 have find , behind a bureau , a safe . he call excitedly , in Russian , to the other room . int . eddie' live room - night gennady call back in Russian . then pick up a particularly delicate , yet sharp - look knife . gennady this be a waste of my time , you know that ? I be get out of this part of the business ... start import - export company . very exciting stuff . a lot on my plate . I need to learn to delegate ... Eddie be back up against a table , which be cover with stuff he 's scattered , which include a butcher block with a knife in it ... gennady start arrange he instrument . gennady ( cont 'd ) first , I will cut skin from you , flay you ... you stay alive nice long time ... then maybe we cut meat from you , steak ... or maybe softer part ... I get inspiration ... he look up , smile , to see the effect he word have on Eddie . on eddie stare back at gennady , hard , a fuck - you stare . we can not see behind Eddie 's back , but we can see the butcher block , and the knife be go . gennady sense something be not right . look at Eddie quizzically . gennady ( cont 'd ) what -- Eddie bring the knife up as hard as he can , right into gennady 's stomach . gennady gasp in surprise , choke , writhes . Eddie drive the knife home , harder , grab gennady 's other hand , which lash at Eddie with the fillet knife ... ( continued ) 107 . continued : the man fall to the floor in a death-struggle . Eddie exhaust , off mot , but determine not to let go . gennady writhes , flail , but do not cry out ... he 's already choke on blood . eye shocked , surprised . Eddie turn the fillet knife back on gennady , slashes at he other arm ; blood spurt . but it 's not necessary . gennady 's eye be glaze . his gurgle get quieter . he 's quite dead . Eddie lie alongside he , panting , arm graze and welling blood from where gennady 's fillete knife slashed he , suddenly weak and exhaust . from the other room come the brrrrrrr ! sound of the drill -- the boy , oblivious , be hard at work on the safe . Eddie try to get up , then fall back . eddie ( v.o. ) not much of a triumph , be it ? he 's get the shake ... no , more of a convulsion ... he sink back to the floor ... eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) because I would die here , too . there be a break in the convulsion . then another one start . eddie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) only mot could help I , and the last of it be in this fuck 's bloodstream ... gennady 's blood well around gennady 's body in a crimson puddle . a puddle that 's creep closer and closer to Eddie 's face , which be lie , convulse , on the floor ... on eddie' eye between convulsion , suddenly look . look at the blood . it creep closer to Eddie 's face . Eddie be try to move , try to push he face closer to the blood ... he 's there ... and now he turn he face down into the blood . and begin to lap it up . int . eddie' study - day the thug finally get the safe open . Inside be only one item - - the tattooed security man 's severe hand . ( continued ) 108 . continued : and its middle finger have be arrange in a vehement fuck - you . the thug be not amused . int . eddie' apartment - hallway - night the thug be come down the hall , mutter angrily ... int . eddie' live room - night mouth smear with blood , Eddie be drag himself by the elbow , across the room . footstep come . fast . int . eddie' live room - night - thug ' Pov they burst into the room , see gennady dead on the floor . the camera whip - pan around . no Eddie . behind the couch Eddie lie , panting . and then it hit . we push in on Eddie 's eye . he feel it . his old friend . mot . the thug look up at a noise . just in time to see Eddie bolt out the front door of the apartment . int . corridor outside eddie' apartment - day they come thunder out -- see a flash of Eddie disappear into -- int . the OPEN door of the apartment next door - night we be in jittery , handheld thug's Pov shot as they burst back in , barrel by room , look in they , press on to more room ... a man' shadowy shape ahead , in the kitchen - thug # 2 blast he gun ... the man crumple , the glass door behind he explode ...... the man go down ... revealing Eddie stand behind he -- ( he 's be hold up he neighbor 's body ) and , just as this register -- whack ! -- Eddie give thug # 1 a savage shot with a fireplace poker . thug # 1 go down , unconscious ... the gun skitter across the floor ... thug # 2 dive , reach for it . Eddie grab a piece of the shattered glass and , in a vicious swipe , bring it down on the thug 's hand . but this guy be not a tough Russian motherfucker for nothing . bleed profusely , he do not let go of the gun ... he bloody hand come up , try to aim ... ( continued ) 109 . continued : Eddie dive backward , through the break glass door to the patio . the thug stumble after he ... ext . eddie' neighbor's terrace - night eddie' hand , still hold glass , cut the awning - rope hold up the awning ... the awning come down on the thug , a huge canvas curtain dropping between the thug and Eddie . blam ! blam ! several hole appear in the canvas as the thug try to shoot Eddie anyway , but Eddie have leapt out of the way . thug be Pov - under the curtain as he wrestle it off ... he see Eddie , on the ground , prone , just watch he calmly . he start to smirk . Eddie touch a match to the ground . the flame shoot across the floor to the thug , who now realize he 's stand in a puddle , the overturn can of bbq fluid next to he . in a instant , he legs and pant be on fire . now the man scream . shoot blindly . but - click ! -- be out of bullet . he rush at Eddie , scream , on fire , in animal rage . Eddie bring up a wringht - iron patio chair to meet he , catch he squarely in the rib . he gasp , bend over ... look up at Eddie , beat ... the face that look back be without pity . ext . the celestial - 20 stories below , a wider terrace - day we be look up at the penthouse . a shape be drop , fast , towards we -- the shape of a man . it 's here ! the man 's head explode against the railing like a pumpkin as the rest of he disappear down , out of sight . eddie ( v.0 . ) later , it would be note that my neighbor be in the music business . one of he drug deal have obviously go bad ... ( beat ) and the night be still young . int . a hospital room - night a man be on a gurney . a nurse put a sheet over he head . before we view of he face disappear we realize -- it 's hank atwood . Dead . 110 . int . hospital waiting room - night Tan coat be sit , stoic and red-ey in a chair . he sense something . slowly turn he head and look . eddie be sit in the chair next to he . the two man look at each other for a moment . then : eddie I be sure you be curious about what 's happen to you boss . I certainly be . if my attorney be really work for Mr. atwood , to save he life , then why be he dead ? at what point be the pony Express suppose to ride in with the life - save medication ? ( a beat ) or , do the pony decide that he should be run he own pony show ? minus the dog . Tan coat stare at he , he face without expression . int . a connecticut upperclass live room - night a upperclass housewife enter , in sweat , from the gym . immediately notice something be not right ... int . the housewife's live room - night the place have be ransacke . int . her bedroom - night she rush in . we see she husband - morris brandt - tie up and gag , struggle on the floor . next to he , a smashed picture . it once cover a wall safe which be now open . the safe be empty . eddie ( v.o. ) I would not go back . I would not be stop . fade out . title : eight month later 111 . int . a political campaign office - day desk , employee , volunteer , ringing phone . reuben , late 20' , sharp , a jame carville - type , sit on a desk with casual authority , be on the phone . reuben ... actually , no , there 's no more ticket . -- yeah , I know , a overbook fundraiser -- there 's a first -- well , here he come , I will ask he -- Edward !! we see Eddie stride down the corridor , wear a sharp suit , look more dignify than we have ever see he , more adult . the snap and crackle of something new -- power -- be in he step . two male aide flank he . reuben approach , fall into step with they . reuben ( cont 'd ) I think we be look at a second , overflow event -- there 's a wave of donation come in -- and I do not think they be even go to try a second debate -- do not go yet -- eddie I have a lunch . they have arrive at Eddie 's office . reuben nod at the close door . reuben John steadman 's in there . eddie who 's that ? reuben -- eiben - chemcorp ? look , they be you biggest contributor , give he he two shitty little minute . Eddie sigh , capitulate . put he hand on the door . eddie eiben - chemcorp . what be they -- research ? reuben pharmaceutical . Eddie shoot he a look . 112 . int . a large , casual office - day Eddie come in to find JOHN steadman , 50' , well - dress and gentlemanly , wait . steadman Mr. Morgan . eddie Nice to see you . he shake steadman 's hand , but steadman do not get up . odd . in fact steadman look uncommonly relaxed , almost slouched in he chair , look up at Eddie with a subtle gleam in he eye that Eddie do not recognize . eddie ( cont 'd ) we appreciate everything you have do for we -- steadman well , you have do most of it for yourself . Senator Morgan . he say this with a kind of casual , prescient authority . and suddenly , we know he 's right . Eddie will win . steadman ( cont 'd ) I mean , everything from here 's a technicality , be not it , Eddie ? again , that smile . Eddie do not know what this guy be about . and nobody call he " Eddie " any more . steadman ( cont 'd ) I think we both know where it 's head ... ( a beat ) if ... you can maintain . eddie maintain ? steadman eventually you will run out . I just want you to know we be here to help you . Eddie blink at he . do he just say what Eddie think he say ? eddie what be you say ? ( continued ) 113. continued : steadman we have get most of the bug out . it 's longer last - you will only have to take one a week . Eddie be now dead silent . a long beat . be it possible ? be he really talk to someone who make mot ?! eddie have you be watch I from the beginning ? steadman no . that of you who indulge ... distinguished yourselves very quickly . you make yourselves clear to we . eddie who 's " we ? " steadman just smile , wave the question away . steadman you go the furthest with it the fastest , so of course , to we , you be the most interesting . eddie how do it get on the street ? steadman Security breach . that be never we intention . we take care of it . meaning , they take care of vern . steadman ( cont 'd ) it will never again be on the street . it will never publicly exist . obviously I do not need to detail the advantage for you . a long beat . Eddie do not trust this guy -- not a bit . eddie and what about for you ? why do not you take it ? steadman we do not have to . you will take it for we . ( continued ) 114 . continued : ( 2 ) eddie and in return ...? I do what . steadman just keep on do what you be do . we will not bother you much at first . eddie and later ...? what will you be " bother " I with ? steadman well , give where you be head , some of we idea be ... grandiose . but , I think , achievable . Eddie take that in . eddie and if I do not like you idea ? steadman then we will say godspeed . and you candle will have shed a brief , but lovely , light . Eddie know now . they own he ass . steadman ( cont 'd ) but let 's not even go there . right now you should feel relieved , you problem be over . we just want to keep you healthy ... and brilliant . eddie luckily I can do that myself . steadman well , no , ah , that will not be the case . we shut you lab down this morning . eddie my lab ? steadman nod . eddie ( cont 'd ) which one ? steadman do not blink . ( continued ) 115 . continued : ( 3 ) steadman all of they . eddie you sure ? steadman suddenly chuckle -- not at all concerned by this . even amused . steadman we be right about you Eddie - you be gonna go all the way . let 's not do anything to jeopardize that . there 's no downside here - we be offer you a limitless supply with fewer side effect . I think you will be pleased with the arrangement . ( beat ) come on , let 's get some lunch . I be starve ... he head for the door . Eddie remain still . eddie tell I something . steadman stop , look back at he . eddie ( cont 'd ) do I kill that woman ? steadman look puzzle that Eddie would ask . steadman do you really want to know ? Eddie think . no , he do not . ext . campaign headquarters build - day Eddie and steadman exit , come down the step , Eddie look throw . he drift along , half - a-step behind steadman , deep in think . steadman it 's not so bad , be it ? Eddie do not answer . ( continued ) 116 . continued : steadman ( cont 'd ) do not every man on the path to greatness have to tolerate the wind - drag of compromise ? a black limo wait at the curb . steadman ( cont 'd ) overall , we will all be better off ... foreign policy , the court , even the constitution could stand a little tweak ... they descend the last few step . steadman open the limo door for Eddie ... but Eddie hesitates . do not get in . steadman ( cont 'd ) Eddie ? eddie after you . steadman ( cordial ) no , " Senator " . you first . Eddie gesture for he to get in . eddie please . steadman all right then ... he get in . and Eddie close the door after he . stands outside the limo , look back at steadman through the roll - down window , he face a cold mask . steadman ( cont 'd ) oh , now . do not underestimate we . eddie do not underestimate you own creation . steadman look at he quizically . eddie ( cont 'd ) I mean , you invent it . what do it do ? it put I 50 step ahead of you fuck . ( more ) ( continued ) 117 . continued : ( 2 ) eddie ( cont 'd ) you think I do not spend my day on mot devise a personal defense structure that would scare the shit out of the Israelis - -? you think there 's not people with a bead on you right now , right in this building ? you think this conversation be private ? steadman you do not know the caliber of enemy you will be make . eddie you want to push that button ? I will show you my silo if you show I yours . steadman you will run out . you will die . eddie or I will think of something . be not that what mot do ? make you think of something ? might even tell I how to get off it . a flicker in steadman 's eye . anger . eddie ( cont 'd ) what if I just ask the drug ... how to tell the drug ... how to fuck itself ? I mean , be not it like the 8 - ball ? steadman raise he hand to the driver and the limo pull away . eddie ( cont 'd ) it always answer . as the limo recede into the distance , Eddie finally exhales . and only then do we see it . he 's scared . the end