lincoln written by tony kushner base in part on team of rival : the political genius of abraham lincoln by doris kearn goodwin final shoot script December 20 , 2011 ext . battlefield , jenkins ' ferry , arkansas - day heavy grey sky hang over a flood field , the water two foot deep . cannon and cart , half - submerge and tilt , they wheel trap in the mud below the surface , be still yoke to dead and die horse and oxen . a terrible battle be take place ; two infantry company , negro Union soldier and white confederate soldier , knee - deep in the water , staggering because of the mud beneath , fight each other hand - to-hand , with rifle , bayonet , pistol , knife and fist . there 's no discipline or strategy , nothing depersonalize : it 's mayhem and each side intensely hate the other . both have resolve to take no prisoner . harold GREEN ( v.o . ) some of we be in the second Kansas color . we fight the reb at Jenkins ' ferry last April , just after they would kill every negro soldier they capture at poison Springs . ext . parade ground adjacent to the WASHINGTON navy yard , anacostia river - night rain and fog . Union Army company be campe out across the grounds . prepations be be make for the impending assault on the confederate port of wilmington , North Carolina . two black soldier stand before a bivouack negro unit : harold GREEN , a infantryman in he late thirty , and ira clark , a cavalryman in he early twenty . abraham lincoln sit on a bench face harold and ira ; he stovepipe hat be at he side . harold GREEN so at Jenkins ' ferry , we decide war not take no reb prisoner . and we do not leave a one of `em alive . the one of we that do not die that day , we join up with the 116th U.S. color , sir . from Camp Nelson kentucky . lincoln what 's you name , soldier ? harold GREEN private harold Green , sir . 2 . ira clark I be corporal ira Clark , sir . fifth Massachusetts cavalry . we be wait over there . he nod in the direction of he cavalry . ira clark ( cont 'd ) we be leave we horse behind , and shipping out with the 24th infantry for the assault next week on wilmington . lincoln ( to harold Green : ) how long have you be a soldier ? harold GREEN two year , sir . lincoln second Kansas color infantry , they fight bravely at Jenkins ' ferry . harold GREEN ira clark that 's right , sir . they kill a thousand rebel soldier , sir . they be very brave . ( hesitate , then ) and make three dollar less each month than white soldier . harold Green be a little startle at Clark 's bluntness . harold GREEN we 2nd Kansas boy , whenever we fight now we - ira clark another three dollar subtract from we pay for we uniform . harold GREEN that be true , yessir , but that change - ira clark equal pay now . still no commission negro officer . lincoln I be aware of it , corporal Clark . 3. ira clark yes , sir , that 's good you be aware , sir . it 's only that - harold GREEN ( to lincoln , try to change the subject : ) you think the wilmington attack be gonna be - ira clark now that white people have accustom themselves to see negro man with gun , fight on they behalf , and now that they can tolerate negro soldier get the same pay - in a few year perhaps they can abide the idea of negro lieutenant and captain . in fifty year , maybe a negro colonel . in a hundred year - the vote . Green 's offended at the way Clark be talk to lincoln . lincoln what will you do after the war , corporal Clark ? ira clark work , sir . perhaps you will hire I . lincoln perhaps I will . ira clark but you should know , sir , that I get sick at the smell of bootblack and I can not cut hair . lincoln smile . lincoln I have yet to find a man could cut mine so it would make any difference . harold GREEN you get springy hair for a white man . lincoln laugh . 4. lincoln yes , I do . my last barber hang himself . and the one before that . Left I he scissors in he will . Green laugh . two white soldier have come up , two young kid , nervous and excited . first white soldier lincoln President lincoln , sir ? even , boy . second white soldier damn ! damn ! we , we see you , um . we be at , at - first white soldier we be at gettysburg ! harold GREEN second white soldier you boy fight at gettysburg ? damn I can not believe it 's - first white soldier ( cont 'd ) ( to Green , with mild contempt ) naw , we do not fight there . we just sign up last month . we see he two year ago at the cemetery dedication . second white soldier yeah , we hear you speak ! we ... damn damn damn ! uh , hey , how tall be you anyway ?! first white soldier jeez , shut up ! lincoln could you hear what I say ? first white soldier no , sir , not much , it be - second white soldier ( he recite , fast and mechanically :) " four score and seven year ago , we father bring forth on this continent a new nation , conceive in liberty and dedicated to the 5 . proposition that all man be create equal . " lincoln that 's good , thank you for - first white soldier " now we be engage in a great civil war , testing whether that nation or any nation so conceive and so dedicated can long endure . we be , we be , we be meet on a great battlefield of that war . " lincoln thank you , that 's - second white soldier " we have come to dedicate a portion of that field as a final rest place for that who here give they life that that nation might live . it be ... " ( he choke up a little . ) first white soldier his uncle , they die on the second day of fight . second white soldier a voice ( o.c . ) I know the last part . " it be , company up ! move it out ! uh , it be rather - " Soldiers all over the field rise up at the muster of the troops . name of regiment , brigade , division be call : all across the field , the man put out fire , put on knapsack . lincoln ( to the two white soldier : ) you fella best find you company . first white soldier ( saluting lincoln :) thank you , sir . God bless you ! lincoln God bless you . the second white soldier salute , and the two move out . 6 . Green salute lincoln as well and glance at Clark , who remain , look down . Green leave . Clark look up , salute lincoln and , turn smartly , walk toward he unit . then he stop , turn back , face lincoln , who watch he . a beat , and then , in a tone of admiration and cautious admonishment , remind lincoln of he promise : ira clark " that we here highly resolve that this dead shall not have die in vain -- " Clark salute lincoln again , turn again and walk away . lincoln watch he go . as he walk into the fog , Clark continue recite in a powerful voice : ira clark ( cont 'd ) " - that this nation , under God , shall have a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth . " lincoln watch Clark until the fog 's swallow he up . title : JANUARY , 1865 two month have passed since abraham lincoln' re-election the american civil war be now in its FOURTH year ext . a ship at sea - night a huge , dark , strange - look steamship , part wood and part iron , turrete like a giant ironclad monitor , be plow through the choppy black water of a open sea . lincoln be alone , in darkness , on the deck , which have no railing , open to the sea . the ship 's tear through rough water , but there 's little pitching , wind or spray . the deck be dominate by the immense black gunnery turret . lincoln ( v.o. ) it 's nighttime . the ship 's move by some terrible power , at a terrific speed . lincoln stare out towards a barely discernible horizon , indicate by a weird , flicker , leaden glow , which appear to recede faster than the fast - approach ship . 7. lincoln ( v.o. ) though it 's imperceptible in the darkness , I have a intuition that we be head towards a shore . no one else seem to be aboard the vessel . I be alone . int . mary boudoir , second floor of the white house - night the room 's cozy , attractive , cluttere , part dressmaker 's workshop , part repository of Mary 's endless purchase : clothing , fabric , knicknack , carpet . book everywhere . lincoln recline on a french chair , too small for he lengthy frame . he 's in shirtsleeve , vest unbuttone and tie unknotted , shoeless . he have a open folio fill with document on he lap . mary lincoln sit opposite , in a nightgown , housecoat and night cap . she watch he in she vanity mirror . she look frighten . title : the white house lincoln I could be bound in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space ... be it not that I have bad dream . I reckon it 's the speed that 's strange to I . I be use to go a deliberate pace . Mary look at he , stricken with alarm . lincoln ( cont 'd ) I should spare you . I should not tell you my dream . mary I do not want to be spare if you be not ! and you spare I nothing . he look down at the carpet , then back up at she . mary ( cont 'd ) perhaps perhaps it 's the assault on wilmington port . you dream about the ship before a battle , usually . 8. lincoln ( rapping lightly on he forehead :) how 's the coconut ? mary Beyond description . she delicately touch she head . mary ( cont 'd ) almost two year , nothing mend . another casualty of the war . who want to listen to a useless woman grouse about she carriage accident ? lincoln I do . mary stuff ! you tell I dream , that 's all , I be you soothsayer , that 's all I be anymore , I be not to be trust with - even if it be not a carriage accident , even if it be a attempt assassination - lincoln it be most probably a - mary it be a assassin . whose intend target be you . lincoln how 's the plan for the big shindy progress ? mary I do not want to talk about party ! you do not care about party . lincoln not much but they be a necessary - Mary study lincoln , think . then a revelation : mary I know ... I know what it 's about . the ship , it be not wilmington Port , it 's not a military campaign ! it 's the amendment to abolish slavery ! why else would you force I to 9 . invite dement radical into my home ? lincoln close he folio . mary ( cont 'd ) you be go to try to get the amendment pass in the House of Representatives , before the term end , before the inauguration . lincoln ( stand : ) do not spend too much money on the flubdub . Mary stand , go up to he . mary no one 's love as much as you , no one 's ever be love so much , by the people , you might do anything now . do not , do not waste that power on a amendment bill that 's sure of defeat . see that he 's not go to discuss this , she turn away , walk to a open window . mary ( cont 'd ) do you remember Robert 's come home for the reception ? lincoln nod , though Mary be not bother to look at he . mary ( cont 'd ) I know you would forget . she close the window . mary ( cont 'd ) that 's the ship you be sailing on . the Thirteenth amendment . you need not tell I I be right . I know I be . she watch as he leave the room , smile in bitter victory : she 's right . 10 . int . hallway , leaving mary boudoir - night lincoln encounter elizabeth keckley , a light -skin black woman , 38 , Mary 's dressmaker and close friend , hold a dark - blue velvet bodice embroider with jet bead . lincoln it 's late , Mrs. keckley . elizabeth keckley ( hold out the bodice : ) she need this for the grand reception . lincoln bend down to look at the intricate bead . elizabeth keckley ( cont 'd ) it 's slow work . he nod , smile , straighten up . lincoln good night . he continue down the hall . Mrs. keckley start to enter Mary 's boudoir , then stop , sense something amiss . she call quietly after lincoln : elizabeth keckley ( concerned , a little exasperated :) do you tell she a dream ? int . lincoln' office , second floor , white house - night a work room , sparsely furnish . lincoln 's desk be heape with file , book , newspaper . the desk 's near a window , now open . comfortable chair and a rocker be in a corner . near the fireplace , in which ember be die , there 's a long table , eight chair around it , setting by each chair of inkwell and pen . dozen of map cover the wall and the crowded bookcase . lincoln open the door and enter to find he 10 year - old son tad lincoln near the hearth , sleep , sprawle on a very large military map . lead toy soldier be scattered across it . a large mahogany box , imprint alexander gardner studio , be open near tad 's head . the box contain large glass plate , each frame in wood ; this be photographic negative . tad 's be look at several , which lie near he on the map . 11 . lincoln kneel by tad and look down at the map , a topographical and strategic survey of the no-man 's land between Union and confederate force at Petersburg . he scrutinize the precisely draw blue and grey line . he lift one of the glass plate and hold it to the firelight : it 's a large photographic negative of a young black boy . there 's a caption , in elegant cursive script : " abner , age 12 - $ 500 " and another : " two young boy , 10 &amp ; 14 - $ 700 " lincoln put the plate back in the box and close the lid . carefully brush the toy soldier aside , he lie down beside tad . he touch tad 's hair and kiss he forehead . tad stir as lincoln get on all four ; without really waking up , know the routine , tad climb onto he father 's back . tad hold on as he father stand , weary , and maybe a little surprised to find he grow son slightly heavier than he be the night before . tad ( fast asleep : ) papa ... lincoln hmm ? tad papa I wanna see Willie . lincoln ( whispering : ) I too , taddie . but we can not . tad why not ? lincoln Willie 's go . Three year now . he 's go . lincoln carry tad out of the room , close the door . ext . outside the treasury department , WASHINGTON - morning a new flagpole be be dedicated . lincoln , in a black overcoat and he stovepipe hat , and treasury Secretary william fessenden , 59 , stand by the pole . they face a audience of official , clerk , dignitary , wife , soldier . a Marine band finish a jaunty instrumental rendition of " we be come Father abra 'am . " 12 . two soldier fasten a flag to the halyard . lincoln move into place ; as the crowd applaud , he take a sheet of paper from inside he hat and glance at it . then he look up . lincoln the part assign to I be to raise the flag , which , if there be no fault in the machinery , I will do , and when up , it will be for the people to keep it up . he put the paper away . the audience wait , expect more . lincoln ( cont 'd ) that 's my speech . he smile at they . they applaud , some laugh . as lincoln turn the crank , hoist the flag , a solo trumpet play " we be come Father abra 'am " and the audience join in . among they , Secretary of State william seward , 64 , in a thick , exquisite winter coat and hat , and lincoln 's dapper assistant secretary , JOHN hay , 27 . seward look pleased . audience " we be come , Father abra 'am , three hundred thousand more , from Mississippi 's wind stream and from New England 's shore ... " we leave we plow and workshop , we wife and child dear , with heart too full for utterance , with but a silent tear . we be come Father abra 'am ... " ext . a carriage , pennsylvania avenue , WASHINGTON - morning in a four- door carriage , top down , seward sit opposite lincoln . Hay , next to seward , organize papers in a portfolio on he lap . seward even if every Republican in the House vote yes - far from guarantee , since when have we party unanimously support anything ? - but say all we fellow Republicans vote for it . we would still be twenty vote short . lincoln only twenty . 13 . seward only twenty ! lincoln we can find twenty vote . seward twenty House Democrats who will vote to abolish slavery ! in my opinion - lincoln to which I always listen . seward or pretend to . lincoln with all three of my ear . seward we will win the war soon - it 's inevitable , be not it ? lincoln ai not win yit . seward you will begin you second term with semi-divine stature . imagine the possibility peace will bring ! why tarnish you invaluable luster with a battle in the House ? it 's a rat ' nest in there , the same gang of talentless hick and hack that reject the amendment ten month back . we will lose . lincoln smile . lincoln I like we chance now . int . lincoln' office , the white house - morning lincoln be at he desk , Hay feed he document to read and sign . seward warm himself by the fireplace , hold a brandy . seward consider the obstacle that we would face . the aforementioned two - third majority need to pass a amendment : we have a Republican 14 . majority , but barely more than fifty percent - lincoln fifty-six . seward we need Democratic support . there 's none to be have . lincoln since the House last vote on the amendment there 's be a election . sixty -four Democrats lose they House seat in November . that 's sixty - four Democrats look for work come March . seward lincoln I know , but that 's - they do not need to worry about re-election , they can vote however it suit `em . there 's a knock at the office door . seward lincoln but we can not , um , buy the ( to Hay : ) vote for the amendment . it 's might as well let `em in . too important . lincoln ( cont 'd ) I say nothing of buy anything . we need twenty vote be all I say . start of my second term , plenty of position to fill . Hay open the door to the outer office , admit the sound of a sizable crowd . JOHN nicolay , 33 , lincoln 's rather severe german -born senior secretary , usher in mr . jolly , mid -40s , mud-spatter coat , hat in hand , follow by mrs . jolly , similarly road - wear , hold a suitcase . lincoln stand . JOHN nicolay Mr. President , may I present Mr. and Mrs. jolly who have come from Missouri to - mr. jolly from Jeff City , President . lincoln shake Mr. jolly 's hand . Mrs. jolly curtsey . 15 . lincoln Mr. jolly . ma'am . this by the fire 's Secretary of State seward . seward nod slightly as he light a Cuban cigar . lincoln ( cont 'd ) Jeff City . lincoln look at the jollys . they be worried and a little awed . lincoln ( cont 'd ) I hear tell once of a jefferson City lawyer who have a parrot that would wake he each morning cry out , " today be the day the world shall end , as scripture have foretold . " and one day the lawyer shot he for the sake of peace and quiet , I presume , thus fulfil , for the bird at least , its prophecy ! lincoln smile . the jollys do not get it . Mr. jolly look back at seward , who gesture for he to speak , then exhales a plume of smoke . mr. jolly ( launching into he prepare speech :) they 's only one tollbooth in Jeff City , t' the southwest `n this man heinz sauermagen from rolla be in illegal possession for near two yar , since you man General schofield set he up there . but President Monroe give that tollgate to my granpap and quincy Adams give my pap a letter say it 's we and for keep . Mrs. jolly get the - ( to he wife : ) show Mr. lincoln the quincy Adams letter . Mrs. jolly open the suitcase and begin to dig frantically for the letter . lincoln that 's unnecessary , Mrs. jolly . just tell I what you want from I . seward exhales more smoke . 16 . Mr. jolly start cough , while Mrs. jolly try to fan away the cigar smoke with the quincy Adams letter . mrs . jolly Mr. jolly 's emphysema do not care for cigar . seward Madame . do you know about the propose Thirteenth amendment to the constitution - mrs . jolly yes sir , everybody know of it . the President favor it . seward do you ? mrs . jolly we do . seward you know that it abolish slavery ? mrs . jolly yes sir . I know it . seward and be that why you favor it ? mrs . jolly what I favor 's end the war . once't we do away with slavery , the reb will quit fight , since slavery 's what they be fight for . Mr. lincoln , you always say so . with the amendment , slavery 's end and they will give up . the war can finish then . seward if the war finish first , before we end slavery , would - mrs . jolly President lincoln say the war will not stop unless we finish slavery - seward but if it do . the South be exhaust . if they run out of bullet and man , would you still 17 . want you , uh - who 's you representative ? lincoln Jeff City ? that 's , uh , Congressman burton ? mrs . jolly " beanpole " burton , I mean , josiah burton , yes , sir ! lincoln ( to Mrs. jolly : ) Republican . undecide on the question of the amendment , I believe . perhaps you could call on he and inform he of you enthusiasm . mrs . jolly yeah ... seward madam ? if the rebel surrender next week , would you , at the end of this month , want Congressman burton to vote for the Thirteenth amendment ? Mrs. jolly be puzzle , and look to Mr. jolly . then : mrs . jolly if that be how it be , no more war and all , I reckon Mr. jolly would much prefer not to have Congress pass the amendment . Mr. jolly nod . seward glance at lincoln , then turn back to the jollys : seward and why 's that ? Mr. jolly 's surprised : the answer 's so obvious . mr. jolly ( in a hoarse voice : ) niggers . mrs . jolly if he do not have to let some Alabama coon come up to Missouri , steal he chicken , and he job , he would much prefer that . 18 . seward take the letter from Mrs. jolly and hand it to lincoln . seward ( to lincoln , quietly : ) the people ! I begin to see why you be in such a great hurry to put it through . lincoln ( to Mr. jolly : ) would you let I study this letter , sir , about the tollbooth ? come back to I in the morning and we will consider what the law say . lincoln stand . lincoln ( cont 'd ) and be sure to visit " beanpole " and tell he that you support passage of the amendment . as a military necessity . the jollys nod , skeptical now . nicolay ( to the jollys : ) thank you . nicolay escort they out . before he close the door : lincoln oh , nicolay ? when you have a moment . nicolay nod and step into the anteroom , where dozen more petitioner be wait to speak with lincoln . Hay confer with the doorman . seward close the door behind they . lincoln kneel at the fireplace , stoke the fire . he put more wood in , then stand . seward watch he , then : seward if procure vote with offer of employment be what you intend , I will fetch a friend from albany who can supply the skulking man gift at this kind of shady work . spare I the indignity of actually speak to Democrats . spare you the exposure and liability . 19 . there be a sharp knock on the close door , follow by two long one . lincoln pardon I , that 's a distress signal , which I be bound by solemn oath to respond to . lincoln open the door . tad enter , cross . tad Tom pendel take away the glass camera plate of slave Mr. gardner send over because Tom say mama say they be too distress , but - lincoln you have nightmare all night , mama 's right to - tad but I will have worse nightmare if you do not let I look at the plate again ! lincoln perhaps . seward we can not afford a single defection from anyone in we party ... not even a single Republican absent when they vote . you know who you have get to see . nicolay enter . lincoln turn to he . lincoln send over to Blair House . ask Preston Blair can I call on he around five o'clock . seward ( a shudder , a swallow of brandy :) God help you . God alone know what he will ask you to give he . int . the library , blair house , WASHINGTON - evening lincoln 's perch on the edge of a ottoman . 20 . lincoln if the blair tell `em to , no Republican will balk at voting for the amendment . the room be baronial . preston blair , patriarch of he wealthy and powerful family , 72 year old , sit face he son , montgomery blair , 50 , whip -thin . a fire blaze in a massive fireplace behind monty . Preston 's handsome , elegant daughter , elizabeth blair lee , 45 , sit across from monty , next to tad , who 's wear a Union infantryman 's uniform , a real musket by he side . montgomery blair no conservative Republican be what you mean - preston blair all Republicans ought to be conservative , I found this party - in my own goddamn home - to be a conservative antislavery party , not a hobbyhorse for goddamn radical abolitionist and - elizabeth blair lee damp down the dyspepsia , daddy , you will frighten the child . montgomery blair ( to lincoln : ) you need we to keep the conservative side of the party in the trace while you diddle the radical and bundle up with thaddeus Stevens 's gang . you need we help . lincoln yes , sir , I do . montgomery blair well , what do we get ? elizabeth blair lee whoo ! blunt ! you manners , monty , must be why Mr. lincoln push you out of he cabinet . preston blair montgomery blair he be push out - I be not push . 21 . elizabeth blair lee ( cont 'd ) ( smiling sarcastically :) oh of course you be not . preston blair montgomery blair he be push out to placate ( to tad : ) the goddamn radical I agree to resign . abolishonist ! elizabeth blair lee ( cont 'd ) ( a nod at tad : ) oh daddy , please ! preston blair you do not mind , boy , do you ? lincoln he spend he day with soldier . tad they teach I a song ! preston blair do they ? Soldiers know all manner of song . how 's you brother Bob ? tad he 's at school now , but he 's come to visit in four day ! for the shindy ! preston blair at school ! ai not that fine ! good he 's not in the army ! tad oh he want to be , but mama say he can 't - preston blair dangerous life , soldier . elizabeth blair lee you mama be wise to keep he clean out of that . preston blair now you daddy know that what I want , in return for all the help I give he , be to go down to Richmond like he say I could , soon as Savannah fall , and talk to jefferson Davis . give I term I 22. can offer to jefferson Davis to start negotiate for peace . he will talk to I ! montgomery blair Conservative member of you party want you to listen to overture from Richmond . that above all . two black servant who have enter begin to pour and serve tea . montgomery blair ( cont 'd ) they will vote for this rash and dangerous amendment only if every other possibility be exhaust . preston blair we Republicans be not abolitionist . we can not tell we people they can vote yes on abolish slavery unless at the same time we can tell `em that you be seek a negotiate peace . the blair look at lincoln , wait for a answer . ext . outside blair house - night a light snow 's beginning to fall . a lacquer coach stand outside the house , the Blair crest in gold on its door . Elizabeth Blair Lee , a blanket in she arm , come out of the house , talk to leo , a elderly black servant , formerly a slave belong to the blair . they be follow by a elderly black woman in a housekeeper 's uniform . elizabeth blair lee Leo , it 's a hundred mile to Richmond . get he drunk so he can sleep . leo yes be . Elizabeth go to the carriage , where Preston await . she pass the blanket through the carriage window and tuck it around she father . elizabeth blair lee here , daddy . 23. preston blair elizabeth blair lee oh ! thank you . ( fussing with the blanket :) let 's fix this up ... preston blair where 's my hat ? elizabeth blair lee Leo have you hat . all right ? as Leo climb into the carriage , Elizabeth kiss she hand , then slap the kiss on she father 's cheek . elizabeth blair lee ( cont 'd ) go make peace . int . lincoln' office , white house - morning the cabinet have assemble . lincoln head the table , seward at he leave and edwin M. stanton , Secretary of War , 51 , barrel - shape , long bearded , bespectacle , at he right . next to he be Secretary of the navy gideon welle , 63 , luxurious white hair ( it 's a wig ) and a flow snowy beard ; postmaster General william dennison , 50 ; Secretary of the Interior JOHN usher , 49 ; Secretary of the treasury william fessenden , 59 ; and Attorney General jame speed , 53 . nicolay and Hay be in chair behind lincoln , take note . lincoln ( to stanton : ) Thunder forth , God of War ! stanton clear he throat . he 's notice the singe edge . stanton we will commence we assault on wilmington from the sea . ( peeve : ) why be this burnt ? be the boy play with it ? lincoln it get take by a breeze several night back . stanton this be a official War Department map ! 24 . seward and the entire cabinet 's wait to hear what it portend . welle a bombardment . from the large fleet the navy have ever assemble . lincoln ( to welle : ) Old Neptune ! shake thy hoary lock ! Welles stand . welle fifty -eight ship be underway , of every tonnage and fire range . Welles gesture on the map to the position of many ship . stanton we will keep up a steady barrage . we first target be Fort Fisher . it defend wilmington Port . stanton indicate the line trace artillery trajectory . this converge particularly heavily on Fort Fisher . jame speed a steady barrage ? stanton a hundred shell a minute . there 's a moment of shocked silence . stanton ( cont 'd ) till they surrender . william fessenden dear god. welle yes . yes . lincoln wilmington 's they last open seaport . therefore ... stanton wilmington fall , Richmond fall after . 25 . seward and the war ... be do . the rest of the cabinet applaud , foot stomping , table slapping . only John usher do not join in . JOHN usher then why , if I may ask be we not concentrate the nation 's attention on wilmington ? why , instead , be we read in the herald - ( he smack a newspaper on the table ) - that the anti-slavery amendment be be precipitate onto the House floor for debate - because you eagerness , in what seem a unwarranted intrusion of the executive into legislative prerogative , be compelling it to it 's ... to what 's likely to be its premature demise ? you sign the emancipation proclamation , you have do all that can be expect - jame speed the emancipation proclamation 's merely a war measure . after the war the court will make a meal of it . JOHN usher when Edward bate be Attorney General , he feel confident in it enough to allow you to sign - jame speed ( a shrug : ) different lawyer , different opinion . it frees slave as a military exigent , not in any other - lincoln I do not recall bate be any too certain about the legality of my proclamation , just it be not downright criminal . somewhere 's in between . back when I ride the legal circuit in Illinois I defend a woman from metamora name Melissa going , 77 year old , they say she murder she husband ; he be 83 . he be choke she ; and , uh , she grab ahold of a stick of fire - 26 . wood and fracture he skull , `n he die . in he will he write " I expect she have kill I . if I get over it , I will have revenge . " this get a laugh . lincoln ( cont 'd ) no one be keen to see she convict , he be that kind of husband . I ask the prosecute attorney if I might have a short conference with my client . and she and I go into a room in the courthouse , but I alone emerge . the window in the room be find to be wide open . it be believe the old lady may have climb out of it . I tell the bailiff right before I leave she in the room she ask I where she could get a good drink of water , and I tell she Tennessee . Mrs. going be see no more in metamora . enough justice have be do ; they even forgive the bondsman she bail . JOHN usher I be afraid I do not - lincoln I decide that the constitution give I war power , but no one know just exactly what that power be . some say they do not exist . I do not know . I decide I need they to exist to uphold my oath to protect the constitution , which I decide mean that I could take the rebel ' slave from `em as property confiscate in war . that might recommend to suspicion that I agree with the reb that they slave be property in the first place . of course I do not , never have , I be glad to see any man free , and if call a man property , or war contraband , do the trick ... why I catch at the opportunity . now here 's where it get truly slippery . I use the law allow for the seizure of property in a war know it apply only to the property of government and 27 . citizen of belligerent nation . but the South be not a nation , that 's why I can not negotiate with them . so if in fact the negroes be property accord to law , have I the right to take the rebel ' property from `em , if I insist they be rebel only , and not citizen of a belligerent country ? and slipperier still : I maintain it be not we actual Southern state in rebellion , but only the rebel live in that state , the law of which state remain in force . the law of which state remain in force . that mean , that since it 's state ' law that determine whether negroes can be sell as slave , as property - the Federal government do not have a say in that , least not yet - ( a glance at seward , then : ) - then negroes in that state be slave , hence property , hence my war power allow I to confiscate `em as such . so I confiscate `em . but if I be a respecter of state ' law , how then can I legally free `em with my proclamation , as I do , unless I be cancelling state ' law ? I feel the war demand it ; my oath demand it ; I feel right with myself ; and I hope it be legal to do it , I be hope still . he look around the table . everyone 's listen . lincoln ( cont 'd ) two year ago I proclaim this people emancipate - " then , thenceforward and forever free . " but let 's say the court decide I have no authority to do it . they might well decide that . say there 's no amendment abolish slavery . say it 's after the war , and I can no longer use my war power to just ignore the court ' decision , like I sometimes feel I have to do . might that people I freed be order back into slavery ? that 's why I would like to get the Thirteenth amendment through the House , and on 28 . its way to ratification by the state , wrap the whole slavery thing up , forever and aye . as soon as I be able . now . end of this month . and I would like you to stand behind I . like my cabinet 's most always do . a moment 's silence , break by a sharp laugh from seward . lincoln ( cont 'd ) as the preacher say , I could write short sermon but once I start I get too lazy to stop . JOHN usher it seem to I , sir , you be describe precisely the sort of dictator the Democrats have be howling about . jame speed dictator be not susceptible to law . JOHN usher neither be he ! he just say as much ! ignoring the court ? twist meaning ? what rein he in from , from ... lincoln well , the people do that , I suppose . I sign the emancipation proclamation a year and half before my second election . I feel I be within my power to do it ; however I also feel that I might be wrong about that ; I know the people would tell I . I give `em a year and half to think about it . and they be - elect I . ( beat ) and come February the first , I intend to sign the Thirteenth amendment . int . lincoln' office , white house - early afternoon nicolay open the door to the crowded outer office to admit perpetually worried jame ashley , 42 , ( R , oh ) . tad eye he from a chair by the window . 29 . lincoln enter the room with seward . lincoln well , Mr. Representative Ashley ! tell we the news from the Hill . lincoln shake he hand and warmly clap the discombobulate but flatter representative on the shoulder . jame ashley well ! ah! News - lincoln why for instance be this thus , and what be the reason for this thusness ? jame ashley I ... seward James , we want you to bring the anti-slavery amendment to the floor for debate - jame ashley seward Excuse I . what ? - immediately , and - you be the amendment 's manager , be you not ? jame ashley I be , of course - but - immediately ? seward and we be count on robust radical support , so tell Mr. Stevens we expect he to put he back into it , it 's not go to be easy , but we trust - jame ashley it 's impossible . no , I be sorry , no , we can not organize anything immediately in the House . I have be canvass the Democrats since the election , in case any of they soften after they get wallop . but they have stiffen if anything , Mr. Secretary . there be not nearly enough vote - lincoln we be whaler , Mr. Ashley ! 30 . jame ashley whaler ? as in , um , whale ? lincoln move in , stand very close to Ashley . lincoln we have be chase this whale for a long time . we have finally place a harpoon in the monster 's back . it 's in , James , it 's in ! we finish the deed now , we can not wait ! or with one flop of he tail he will smash the boat and send we all to eternity ! seward on the 31st of this month . of this year . put the amendment up for a vote . Ashley be agog . int . thaddeus stevens' office in the capitol - evening the room 's redolent of politics , ideology ( a bust of robespierre , a print of Tom paine ) , long occupancy and hard work . on the wall opposite a massive desk hang a fade banner : " re-elect thaddeus steven , republican ticket , 9th congressional district , lancaster pennsylvania " . at the desk sit thaddeus steven ( R , PA ) , 73 , bald under a horrible red wig , a gaunt , powerful face resembling lincoln 's , though beardless and bitter . in the office be Ashley , speaker of the House schuyler colfax ( R , in ) , formidable Senator bluff WADE ( R , ma ) , who 's never smile , and asa vintner litton ( R , md ) . bluff WADE whaler ? jame ashley that 's what he say . bluff WADE the man 's never be near a whale ship in he life ! ( to steven : ) withdraw radical support , force he to abandon this scheme , whatever he 's up to - he drag he foot about everything , lincoln ; why this urgency ? we get it through the Senate without difficulty because 31 . we have the number . come December you will have the same in the House . the amendment will be the easy work of ten minute . asa vintner litton he 's use the threat of the amendment to frighten the rebel into a immediate surrender . schuyler colfax I imagine we would rejoice to see that . asa vintner litton will you rejoice when the Southern state have re-join the Union , pell - mell , as lincoln intend they to , and one by one each refuse to ratify the amendment ? if we pass it , which we will not . ( to steven : ) why be we co-operate with , with he ? we all know what he 's do and we all know what he will do . we can not offer up abolition 's best legal prayer to he game and trick . bluff WADE he 's say he would welcome the South back with all its slave in chain . jame ashley Three year ago he say that ! to calm the border state when we be - thaddeus steven I do not . this confuse the room . Stevens turn to vintner litton . thaddeus steven ( cont 'd ) you say " we all know what he will do . " I do not know . asa vintner litton you know he be not to be trust . thaddeus steven trust ? I be sorry , I be under the misapprehension you choose profession be politics . I have never trust the President . I never 32 . trust anyone . but ... have not he surprised you ? asa vintner litton no , Mr. Stevens , he have not . thaddeus steven nothing surprise you , asa , therefore nothing about you be surprising . perhaps that be why you constituent do not re-elect you to the come term . ( collect he cane and stand :) it 's late , I be old , I be go home . Stevens limp to the door , open it , and turn . thaddeus steven ( cont 'd ) lincoln the inveterate dawdler , lincoln the southerner , lincoln the capitulate compromiser , we adversary - and leader of the godforsake Republican Party , we party - abraham lincoln have ask we to work with he to accomplish the death of slavery in America . ( beat : ) retain , even in opposition , you capacity for astonishment . Stevens leave , shutting the door . they watch he go , Ashley excited , litton unmove , insulted , skeptical . int . private dine room , old tavern in WASHINGTON DC - night in a cramped private alcove , a low , sagging timber ceiling , sooty wall , sawdust floor , ancient curtain close it off , seward sit at a small table with ROBERT latham , a albany NY political operative , richard schell , a Wall Street speculator , and w.n. bilbo , a Tennessee lawyer and lobbyist . a chandelier with candle drip wax on they . on the table , a leather folio lie open : prospectuse for job in the administration . latham and schell study this . bilbo be study seward . seward the President be never to be mention . nor i. you be pay for you discretion . 33. w.n. bilbo Hell , you can have that for nothin' , what we need money for be bribe . it would speed thing up . seward no. nothing strictly illegal . ROBERT latham it 's not illegal to bribe congressman . they starve otherwise . richard schell I have explain to Mr. bilbo and Mr. latham that we be offer patronage job to the Dems who vote yes . Jobs and nothing more . seward that 's correct . w.n. bilbo congressman come cheap ! few thousand buck will buy you all you need . seward the President would be unhappy to hear you do that . w.n. bilbo well , will he be unhappy if we lose ? a waitress bring in a platter of roast crab , which she slam down on the table , and leave . seward the money I manage to raise for this endeavor be only for you fee , food , and lodging . w.n. bilbo uh huh . if that squirrel - infest attic you have quarter we in 's any measure , you be not raise much . richard schell shall we get to work ? bilbo take a mallet to a crab , smash it ! 34 . int . floor of the house of representatives - day a gavel slam down on a sounding block in a attempt to silence the raucous tumult in the large chamber . it subside enough for colfax to be hear from he chair atop the central day : schuyler colfax the House recognize Fernando Wood , the honorable representative from New York . title : the house debate begins JANUARY 9 floor and balcony be full , although the desk of representative from secede state be bare and unoccupy . on the Democratic side , 81 member applaud fernando wood ( D , NY ) as he take the podium . the Democratic leadership , include GEORGE yeaman ( ky ) , have gather around House minority leader GEORGE pendleton ( oh ) . on the Republican side of the aisle , enraged boo from the 102 Republicans , include hiram price ( ia ) , GEORGE julian ( in ) , vintner litton and Ashley , all gather around Stevens 's desk . fernando wood estimable colleague . two bloody year ago this month , he highness , King abraham africanus the first - we great usurp caesar , violator of habea corpus and freedom of the press , abuser of state ' rights - hiram price fernando wood ( loud : ) - radical republican autocrat if lincoln really be a ruling by fiat and martial tyrant , Mr. Wood , he would 'a have law affix he name to he you empty head impale on a heinous and illicit pike , and the country better emancipation proclamation , for it ! promise it would hasten the end of the war , which yet rage on and on . murmuring from the floor and the balcony , in the front row of which Mary and Elizabeth keckley sit . Mary turn she gaze from the floor to watch latham and schell , a few seat away , scrutinize the floor , whisper , latham take note . schell hold the leather prospectus folio in he lap . bilbo sit behind they . they study the other NY Democrats - charle hanson , nelson merrick , henry lanford , homer benson , gile stuart - who 35 . comprise a cluster of glum uncomfortable passivity on that side of the aisle . fernando wood ( cont 'd ) ROBERT latham he claim , as tyrant do , ( whisper to schell : ) that the war 's emergency the New York delegation 's permit he to turn we look decidedly uninspired . army into the unwilling instrument of he monarchical ambition - Wood point at Stevens , granite - face . Stevens 's eye burn back at Wood . fernando wood ( cont 'd ) - and radical republicanism 's abolitionist fanaticism ! this prompt shout and boo from the Republicans . fernando wood ( cont 'd ) his emancipation proclamation have obliterate million of dollar ' worth of personal property rights - schell examine the Pennsylvania Democrats : a openly appal ARCHIBALD moran , ambrose bailer , and , chew he thumb , a painful fake grin pin to he face , alexander coffroth . schell lean in to latham . fernando wood ( cont 'd ) richard schell - and " liberated " the over in Pennsylvania - who 's hundred of thousand of the sweaty man eat he hopelessly indolent negro thumb ? refugee , breed by nature for servility , to settle in ROBERT latham squalor in we Northern unknown to I . seem jumpy . city ! richard schell perhaps he will jump . cheer and boo . in the Connecticut delegation , JOHN ellis wind he pocket watch , look contemptuously at Wood . schell make a note . 36 . fernando wood ( cont 'd ) w.n. bilbo but all that be not enough Jesus , when 's this son-of - for this dictator , who now liberty sonofabitch gonna sit seek to insinuate he down ? miscegenist pollution into the constitution itself ! richard schell John Ellis be go to break he watch if he do not stop - fernando wood ( cont 'd ) we be once again ask - nay , command - to consider a propose thirteenth amendment which , if pass , shall set at immediate liberty four million colored while manacle the limb of the white race in America . if it be pass - but it shall not pass ! Wild cheer and boo . fernando wood ( cont 'd ) ROBERT latham every member of the House what 's more interesting be loyal to the Democratic Party how dismal and disgruntled and the constituent it Mr. yeaman appear . he should serve shall oppose - be cheer right now , but ... w.n. bilbo look like he eat a bad oyster . thaddeus Stevens call out from he desk . thaddeus steven a point of order , Mr. speaker , if you please ? when will Mr. Wood - fernando wood Mr. speaker , I still have the floor and the gentleman from Pennsylvania be out of order ! thaddeus steven - when will Mr. Wood conclude he interminable gabble ? some of we breathe oxygen , and we find the mephitic fume of he oratory a lethal challenge to we pleural capacity . Wild cheer , applause from the Republicans . 37 . fernando wood we shall oppose this amendment , and any legislation that so affront natural law , insulting to God as to man ! Congress must never declare equal that whom God create unequal ! the Democrats cheer . Mary watch with concern . Mrs. keckley be angry and uncomfortable . thaddeus steven slavery be the only insult to natural law , you fatuous nincompoop ! GEORGE pendleton order ! procedure ! Mr. speaker , Mr. Wood have the floor ! ( to steven : ) instruct we , oh great commoner , what be unnatural , in you opinion ? niggrah casting ballot ? niggrah representative ? be that natural , Stevens ? intermarriage ? thaddeus steven what violate natural law ? slavery , and you , pendleton , you insult God , you unnatural noise . a avalanche of boo and cheer as Democrats surge towards Wood , Republicans towards Stevens . Ashley rush to colfax , calling : jame ashley Mr. colfax ! please , use you gavel ! they be - ( to the Democrats : ) you be out of order ! ( to colfax : ) direct the sergeant of arm to suppress this ! ( back to the Democrats : ) we be in session ! int . second floor corridor of the white house - morning the corridor as usual be line with petitioner . they have line up along both side of the wall and be hoot , laugh , clap and cheer , egging on tad as , with furious concentration , he drive a cart pull at considerable speed by a large and seriously annoyed goat down 38 . the hall . White House doorkeeper and unofficial child - minder tom pendel follow , admonish the petitioner as he go . tom pendel please do not encourage this ! do not encourage this ! ROBERT lincoln , 21 , enter from the stair carry several piece of large and heavy luggage . tad see he , jump out of the goat cart , run up to and tackle Robert , cause he to drop he luggage . they embrace as pendel capture the goat and lead it away . tad you be back you be back you be back you be back you be - ROBERT ( laughing ) I be . you goat get big . Robert disentangle himself from tad and hand he a suitcase . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) here , help I get one of this to my room . ( a nervous glance at the door to Mary 's bedroom suite : ) be she in there ? as Robert hoist the rest of the luggage himself , tad chatter and a petitioner come forward . he grab the trunk as Robert 's lift it . 39 . tad petitioner she 's asleep , probably , they you need help , sir ? I can ... go to see avonia Jones last night in a play about ROBERT israelite . daddy 's meeting no , sir , I do not . no. with a famous scientist now and he 's nervous because of petitioner how smart the man be and the could you bring you pa this man be angry about , `cause letter I writ about my there 's a new book that Sam insolvency proceedings ? beckwith say be about finch , and finch ' beak , ROBERT about how they change , it let it go please , thank you . take year and year and you deliver you own year but - goddamn petition , thank you ... petitioner please , please . Robert wrestle the trunk out of the man 's grasp just as Mary enter the hall and see he . mary he 's here ... ( call down the hall : ) he 's here , Mrs. Cuthbert ! he 's here ! ( to ROBERT : ) Robbie ... oh Robbie ! Robbie ! ROBERT ( embracing her : ) hi , mama . hey. hey ... mary ( cont 'd ) ( overjoyed ) oh ! she instantly eye Robert 's amount of luggage with suspicion . mary ( cont 'd ) tad you be only stay a few - but what 's make everyone day . why would you pack all of really cross with the man , that ? the man who write the finch book , be he say people be ROBERT cousin to monkey , but he well , I do not know how long be go to say - i'm - mary ( cont 'd ) ( to tad : ) go tell you father Robert 's home ! 40 . tad Mr. nicolay say daddy 's secluded with Mr. Blair . mary tell he anyway . tad drop the suitcase and run to the office . Mary stroke Robert 's face , look concerned . mary ( cont 'd ) you forget to eat , exactly like he . ROBERT ( laugh ) no ... mary you will linger a few day extra , after the reception , before you go back to school . ROBERT well , I do not know if I be gonna go back to - she stop he with a alarmed look . mary we will fatten you up before you return to Boston . ROBERT all right , mama . mary all right . ( beam at he , adoringly :) oh Robbie ... int . lincoln' office , white house - morning Preston Blair , still in he travel cloak , and lincoln stand near the fireplace face one another . preston blair jefferson Davis be send three delegate : stephen , Hunter and Campbell : vice President of the confederacy , they former Secretary of State , and they Assistant 41 . Secretary of War . they be come in earnest to propose peace . both man look into the fire . Preston move closer . preston blair ( cont 'd ) I know this be unwelcome news for you . now hear I : I go to Richmond to talk to traitor , to smile at and plead with traitor , because it will be spring in two month , the road will be passable , the spring slaughter commence . four bloody Springs now ! think of my Frank , who you have take to you heart , how you will blame yourself if the war take my son as it 's take multitude of son . think of all the boy who will die if you do not make peace . you must talk with this man ! lincoln I intend to , Preston . and in return , I must ask you - preston blair lincoln no , this be not horsetrade , - to support we push for this be life and - the amendment when it reach the - there 's a knock on the door . lincoln ( cont 'd ) not now ! Robert enter . nicolay stand behind he , apologetic . lincoln ( cont 'd ) oh. bob. I be sorry . welcome home . he shake hand with he son , stiffly . ROBERT thank you . lincoln preston blair ( to Robert : ) ( pointedly : ) I be talk to Preston Blair , you be look fit , Robert . we - Harvard agree with you . fit ROBERT and rest . Mr. Blair . 42 . lincoln ( dismiss Robert , unintentionally abrupt ) just give we a moment please , Robert . thank you . he turn to Preston . Robert , stung , hesitates , then leave the room , nicolay shutting the door behind he . preston blair I will procure you vote for you , as I promise . you have always keep you word to I . that Southern man be come . ( take lincoln 's hand ) I beg you , in the name of Gentle christ - preston blair ( cont 'd ) lincoln talk peace with this man . Preston , I understand ... lincoln ( sharply ) I understand , Preston . ext . on the mall - afternoon jacob graylor ( D , PA ) and bilbo walk outside the Capitol . graylor look over the prospectuse . ROBERT latham ( v.o. ) we have one abstention so far - richard schell ( v.o. ) Jacob graylor - graylor select one and hand it to bilbo . richard schell ( v.o. ) he would like to be Federal Revenue assessor for the fifth District of Pennsylvania . int . a bedroom in the ST . charle HOTEL - night a small room , two bed , in disarray : newspaper , overflow ashtray , whiskey bottle empty on the floor . latham and schell stand at a table strewn with the remnant of a poker game . bilbo lie on one of the bed . all three be in they shirtsleeve . seward be at the table . 43. ROBERT latham - so the total of representative voting three week from today be reduce to 182 , which mean 122 yes vote to reach the requisite two - third of the House . assume all Republicans vote for the amendment ...? seward nod , less assertively than latham would like . ROBERT latham ( cont 'd ) then , despite we abstention , to reach a two - third majority we remain 20 yese short . int . the old tavern , WASHINGTON - night bilbo be drink schooner of beer with edwin leclerk ( D , oh ) and clay hawkins ( D , oh ) . hawkins listen as bilbo give he pitch . leclerk look at the prospectuse . ROBERT latham ( v.o. ) for which we be seek from among 64 lame duck Democrats . fully 39 of this we deem unredeemable no vote . leclerk throw he beer in bilbo 's face , soaking bilbo and the prospectuse . hawkins look shocked . leclerk storm out . int . the room in the ST . charle HOTEL - night w.n. bilbo the kind that hate nigger , hate God for make nigger . ROBERT latham the good Lord on High would despair of they soul . seward ( distastefully :) thank you for that pithy explanation , Mr. bilbo . richard schell we have abandon this 39 to the Devil that possess they . 44 . ext . a working CLASS neighborhood in WASHINGTON - day schell stand at the door of a small , grubby row house . he present the folio , warpe from its beer bath , to william hutton ( D , in ) , eye red from cry , dress in mourn black . hutton slam the door in schell 's face . a funeral wreath that adorn the door fall to the ground . a daguerreotype attach to the wreath depict a young officer , hutton 's brother Frederick . int . the room in the ST . charle HOTEL - night richard schell the remain lame duck , on whom we have be work with a purpose - schell hand latham a stack of fold prospectuse , each with a name scrawle on it . ROBERT latham Charles hanson . ext . in front of the capitol - twilight Representatives merrick , lanford , benson , Stuart and hanson , the New York lame duck , descend the stair , discuss the open of the amendment debate , to which they have just be listen . latham smoothly hold hanson back from the group , extend a hand , the still pristine portfolio under he arm . he smile as the other NY lame duck proceed down the stair , unaware , then nod he head back up toward the Capitol step , where bilbo and schell wait . latham open the folio as he talk to hanson . int . the room in the ST . charle HOTEL - night ROBERT latham gile Stuart . int . the treasury department - day in the grand lobby there be Federal bank window . schell be in line at one of this behind gile Stuart , who complete a transaction and leave , count money . bilbo , barrel the other way , intentionally slam into Stuart , cause he to drop he money . bilbo and schell both kneel to help . 45 . schell place the open folio in Stuart 's hand . as the man pile he recover money into the folio , Stuart 's puzzle , then intrigue . schell give he a meaningful look . close on a SMALL wooden file BOX a fold prospectus , now with the name " Stuart " scrawle on it , be add to a grow file . int . the US patent office , WASHINGTON - day Visitors file past cabinet contain animal and plant specimen and invention ; the line circle around a large case in which a amputate leg cap with a brass plate be display . a sign identify it : left leg of general daniel sickle , at gettysburg , JULY 5 , 1863 . ROBERT latham ( v.o. ) Nelson merrick . latham look through the case at schell , who 's next to Nelson merrick , who nod , solemnly stare at the leg . schell proffer merrick the folio . merrick flip through the folio . ROBERT latham ( v.o. ) Homer benson . int . a workingmens ' lunchroom , WASHINGTON - day a hall pack with work man , soape - up window . a gypsy fiddler saw away . Homer benson , incongruous in a suit , slurp . as he lift he spoon to he mouth , the folio be place in front of he . he look over , puzzle , as schell smile and extend a hand . benson take the folio . schell slide he chair closer . int . the room in the ST . charle HOTEL - night another prospectus join the pile : " benson " ROBERT latham and lastly ... bilbo retrieve a paper from the floor and hand it to seward . w.n. bilbo clay hawkins . of Ohio . 46 . ext . a wood along the potomac river - morning bilbo walk with clay hawkins , who peruse the folio . bilbo have a small cover wicker basket sling over he shoulder . hawkins follow , happy and sick with fear . clay hawkins t-tax collector for the western Reserve . th-th - that pay handsomely . w.n. bilbo do not just reach for the high branch . they sway in every breeze . Assistant Port Inspector of marlston look like the ticket to I . clay hawkins uh , boat , they , they make I sick . bilbo retrieve a snare ; a small bird be trap by the foot . bilbo stuff the bird in the basket . clay hawkins ( cont 'd ) so just stand on the dock . let the Assistant Assistant Port Inspector 's stomach go weak . bilbo eye hawkins , who anxiously eye the folio . int . lincoln' office , white house - early evening seward hand the last prospectus to nicolay , who unfold it , place it on top of the other prospectuse , and record detail about hawkins 's appointment in a notebook . seward smoke a cigar , nicolay a pipe . lincoln sit , foot up , examine a newspaper . seward and lastly , Democratic yes vote number six . hawkins from Ohio . lincoln six . seward well , thus far . plus graylor 's abstention . from tiny acorn and so on . lincoln what would hawkins get ? 47 . JOHN nicolay ( still writing : ) postmaster of the millersburg Post Office . lincoln he 's sell himself cheap , be not he ? seward he want tax collector of the western Reserve - a first - term congressman who could not manage be - election , I feel it unseemly and they bargain he down to postmaster . ( to nicolay : ) scatter `em over several round of appointment , so no one notice . and burn this ledger , please , after you be do . lincoln stand . lincoln ( to nicolay : ) time for my public opinion bath . might as well let `em in . nicolay help lincoln trade he shawl for he overcoat in preparation to meet the public . lincoln ( cont 'd ) Seven yese with Mr. Ellis ! thirteen to go ! seward one last item , a absurdity , but - my associate report that among the Representatives a fantastical rumor 's bruit about , which I immediately disavow , that you would allow bleary old Preston Blair to sojourn to Richmond to invite Jeff Davis to send commissioner up to Washington with a peace plan . lincoln be silent . a horrifying reality dawns for seward : seward ( cont 'd ) I , of course , tell they you would never ... not without consulting I , you would not ... because why on earth would you ? 48 . ext . in a OPEN field near petersburg , virginia - evening three union cavalry officer consult with three confederate cavalry officer , all mount . the officer exchange document and salute . title : no man' land outside petersburg , virginia JANUARY 11 the rank confederate trot to a buggy in which three confederate official sit : vice President alexander stephen , 53 , short ; JOHN A. campbell , Assistant Secretary of War , 54 ; and Senator r.m.t. hunter , 56 . they be well - dress for winter , stephen especially heavily bundle . stephen , Campbell and the indignant Hunter leave the buggy and be escort by confederate officer to the wait company of Union cavalry and infantry . a Union Army ambulance , a large american flag paint on one side , drive by two black soldier , stand near break wagon and a derelict cannon . another black soldier stand at attention by the ambulance 's rear door . the soldier , stare coldly at this man , gesture brusquely to the ambulance . the confederate peace commissioner hesitate ; Hunter stare in horror at the black soldier . then stephen push past Hunter . he nod to the soldier . alexander stephen ( with polite dignity : ) much oblige . he board the ambulance . his fellow delegate follow in he wake , Hunter glaring with defiant hatred at the soldier before climb in . int . lincoln' office , white house - early evening seward stand , stunne . lincoln sit at the cabinet table . nicolay be go . seward why be not I consult ?! I be Secretary of State ! you , you , you informally send a reactionary dottard , to - what will happen , do you imagine , when this peace commissioner arrive ? 49 . lincoln we will hear `em out . seward oh , splendid ! and next the Democrats will invite `em up to hearing on the Hill , and the newspaper - well , the newspaper - the newspaper will ask " why risk enrage the confederacy over the issue of slavery when they be here to make peace ? " we will lose every Democrat we have get , more than likely conservative Republicans will join `em , and all we work , all we prepare the ground for the vote , laid waste , for naught . lincoln the blair have promise support for the amendment if we listen to this people - seward oh , the blair promise , do they ? you think they will keep they promise once we have hear this delegate and refuse they ? which we will have to do , since they proposal most certainly will be predicate on keep they slave ! lincoln what hope for any Democratic vote , willum , if word get out that I have refuse a chance to end the war ? you think word will not get out ? in Washington ? seward it 's either the amendment or this confederate peace , you can not have both . lincoln " if you can look into the seed of time , and say which grain will grow and which will not , speak then to I ... " seward oh , disaster . this be a disaster ! 50 . lincoln time be a great thickener of thing , willum . seward yes , I suppose it be - actually I have no idea what you mean by that . lincoln stand . lincoln get I thirteen vote . ( in a thick kentucky accent :) they feller from Richmond be not here yit . int . inside the ambulance wagon - day the ambulance have come to a stop . the rear door open and the soldier immediately hop out . the commissioner squint , blind , into the dazzle sunlight , at the River Queen , grant 's side - wheel steamer , dock on the bank of the James River . title : US army headquarters CITY point , virginia JANUARY 12 int . lincoln' bedroom , second floor of the white house - late afternoon tad , in fancy military uniform , sit on the bed , gardener 's box of glass negative open beside he . he hold up a plate to a lamp : a old black man with a thick beard and hair , shirtless . tad look at another plate : a young black woman , headscarf , huge ugly scar across she cheek and down she neck . he study this with solemn concentration . ROBERT ( o.c . ) you draft half the man in Boston ! what do you think they family think about I ? 51 . lincoln be be dress in formal wear by he valet , william slade , a light -skin black man in he 40s . Robert , already in he morning suit , be stand by the door . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) the only reason they do not throw thing and spit on I be `cause you be so popular . I can not concentrate on , on british mercantile law , I do not care about british mercantile law . I might not even want to be a lawyer - lincoln it 's a sturdy profession , and a useful one . ROBERT yes , and I want to be useful , but now , not afterwards ! slade hand lincoln he formal glove . lincoln I be not wear they thing , Mr. slade , they never fit right . william slade the missus will have you wear `em . do not think about leave `em . ROBERT you be delay , that 's you favorite tactic . william slade ROBERT ( to Robert : ) you will not tell I no , but the be useful and stop war will be over in a month , distracting he . and you know it will ! lincoln ( to ROBERT : ) I have find that prophesy be one of life 's less prophet - able occupation ! he accept the glove . slade laugh a little , Robert scowl . tad hold another glass negative up to the light . tad why do some slave cost more than other ? 52 . ROBERT if they be still young and healthy , if the woman can still conceive , they will pay more - lincoln put `em back in the box . we will return they to Mr. gardner 's studio day after next . be careful with `em , now . ( tug at he glove : ) this thing should have stay on the calf . tad ( to slade , put the plate away :) when you be a slave , Mr. slade , do they beat you ? william slade I be bear a free man . nobody beat I except I beat they right back . there 's a knock on the door and Mrs. keckley enter . elizabeth keckley Mr. lincoln , could you come with I - william slade ( to tad : ) Mrs. keckley be a slave . ask she if she be beat . tad lincoln be you - ( shake he head ) tad . elizabeth keckley ( to tad : ) I be beat with a fire shovel when I be young than you . ( to lincoln : ) you should go to Mrs. lincoln . she 's in Willie 's room . ROBERT she never go in there . lincoln start towards the door just as John Hay enter , dress in the uniform of a brevet Colonel . 53. JOHN hay the reception line be already stretch out the door . Robert shoot a angry , envious glance at Hay 's uniform as lincoln , slade , Mrs. keckley and Hay leave . Robert call to he father : ROBERT I will be the only man over fifteen and under sixty - five in this whole place not in uniform . tad I be under fifteen and I have a uniform . Robert storm out . int . the prince of wale bedroom - continuous lincoln enter a dark room , its heavy drape close against the dim afternoon light . there be two bed . one be stripped bare . the other be canopy with a thick black veil . Mary , dress in a deep purple gown with black flower and bead , perfectly pitch between mourn and emergence , be seat at the head of the canopy bed . on a nightstand next to the bed there 's a toy locomotive engine , a tatter book of b&amp ; o railroad schedule . Mary hold a frame photograph : a image of willie , 12 , handsome , bright - eye , confident . lincoln cross to the window . mary my head hurt so . ( beat ) I pray for death the night Willie die . the headache be how I know I do not get my wish . how to endure the long afternoon and deep into the night . lincoln I know . mary try not to think about he . how will I manage ? lincoln somehow you will . 54 . mary ( sad smile : ) somehow . somehow . somehow ... every party , every ... and now , four year more in this terrible house reproaching we . he be a very sick little boy . we should have cancel that reception , should not we ? lincoln we do not know how sick he be . mary I know , I know , I see that night he be die . lincoln Three year ago , the war be go so badly , and we have to put on a face . mary but I see Willie be die . I see he - he bend and kiss she hand . lincoln Molly . it 's too hard . too hard . Mary stare up at he , she face heavy and swollen with grief . int . the east room , white house - late afternoon Mary , radiant , she charm turn to its brightest candlepower , be greeting the blair , who be part of a long receive line . the blair proceed from Mary to lincoln . title : grand reception JANUARY 15 the enormous room be splendid , deck with garland of flower , tall candelabra burn , flag from Army division . a orchestra play . lincoln and tad stand together . slade be near lincoln . Mary 's a distance away from lincoln , to he right . Robert take he place next to he mother , as conspicuous as he would fear he would be in he civilian clothes . 55 . a sea of people surround the President and he family . nicolay , Hay and several clerk channel the crowd wait to greet the lincoln into the line : wealthy people , many more middle - class people , some work people and farmer , and many officer and soldier . tad watch he father shake hand . lincoln be in he element . he stand close to each person , touch each one gently , stoops to be nearer they ; he put everyone at ease . he 's bother only by the white kid glove he 's wear . he tug at the right -hand glove . william slade ( with a glance in Mary 's ) she 's just ten foot yonder . I would like to keep my job . lincoln take off the right -hand glove - he hand - shaking hand - but keep the other glove on . approach Mary on the line , Stevens , Ashley , Senators bluff Wade and charle sumner , all in formal wear except Stevens . mary Senator sumner , it have be much too long . charle sumner " oh , who can look on that celestial face and - " cut he off , she pretend not to recognize Ashley . mary and ...? jame ashley ( confuse ) James Ashley , mar 'am , we have meet several time - but she ignore he and greet Stevens . mary ( she Southern accent become more lustrous : ) praise heavens , praise heavens , just when I have abandon hope of amusement , it 's the Chairman of the House Ways and means Committee ! Stevens bow to she . 56 . thaddeus steven Mrs. lincoln . mary Madame President if you please ! ( laugh ) oh , do not convene another subcommittee to investigate I , sir ! I be teasing ! smile , Senator Wade . bluff WADE ( not smiling : ) I believe I be smile , Mrs. lincoln . mary I will take you word for that , sir ! thaddeus steven as long as you household account be in order , Madame , we will have no need to investigate they . mary you have always take such a lively , even prosecutorial interest in my household account . thaddeus steven you household account have always be so interesting . mary yes , thank you , it 's true , the miracle I have wringht out of fertilizer bill and cutlery invoice . but I have to ! four year ago , when the President and I arrive , this be pure pigsty . tobacco stain in the turkey carpet . mushroom , green as the moon , sprout from ceiling ! and a pauper 's pittance allot for improvement . as if you committee join with all of Washington await , in what you anticipate would be we comfort in squalor , further proof that my husband and I be prairie primitive , unsuite to the position to which a error of the people , a flaw in the democratic process , have elevate we . 57 . lincoln , suddenly without anyone in line to receive , look to see the backlog form behind the radical . he note the exchange , but say nothing . Robert see he look . mary ( cont 'd ) the past be the past , it 's a new year now and we be all get along , or so they tell I . I gather we be work together ! the White House and the other House ? hatching little plan together ? Robert lean in to she . ROBERT mother ? mary what ? ROBERT you be create a bottleneck . mary oh ! ( to steven : ) oh , I be detain you , and more important , the people behind you ! how the people love my husband , they flock to see he , by they thousand on public day ! they will never love you the way they love he . how difficult it must be for you to know that . and yet how important to remember it . she give he a slight , lethal smile . he hold the look ; he poker - face yield to a barely perceptible smile , amused and perhaps a little admire . int . the white house kitchen - evening the kitchen 's pile with unwash cookware , eggshell , flour bin , muffin and pastry mold , spoon and knife , the detritus of the preparation for the finger food serve at the reception , which have now transitioned into a dance and be still underway upstairs . Music , the tramp of dance foot and rhythmic clap be audible . a black footman carry a huge tray laden with dish and cup come down the stair . he hastily beat a retreat when he see lincoln and thaddeus Stevens quietly talk amid the mess . 58 . lincoln since we have the floor next in the debate , I think I would suggest you might ... temper you contribution so as not to frighten we conservative friend ? thaddeus steven Ashley insist you be ensure approval by dispense patronage to otherwise undeserve Democrats . lincoln I can not ensure a single damn thing if you scare the whole House with talk of land appropriation and revolutionary tribunal and punitive thisses and thats - thaddeus steven when the war end , I intend to push for full equality , the negro vote and much more . Congress shall mandate the seizure of every foot of rebel land and every dollar of they property . we will use they confiscate wealth to establish hundred of thousand of free negro farmer , and at they side soldier armed to occupy and transform the heritage of traitor . we will build up a land down there of free man and free woman and free child and freedom . the nation need to know that we have such plan . lincoln that 's the untempere version of reconstruction . it 's not ... it 's not exactly what I intend , but we shall oppose one another in the course of time . now we be work together , and I be ask you - thaddeus steven for patience , I expect . lincoln when the people disagree , bring they together require go slow till they be ready to make up - 59 . thaddeus steven ah , shit on the people and what they want and what they be ready for ! I do not give a goddamn about the people and what they want ! this be the face of someone who have fight long and hard for the good of the people without caring much for any of `em . and I look a lot worse without the wig . the people elect I ! to represent they ! to lead they ! and I lead ! you ought to try it ! lincoln I admire you zeal , Mr. Stevens , and I have try to profit from the example of it . but if I would listen to you , I would have declare every slave free the minute the first shell strike Fort sumter ; then the border state would have go over to the confederacy , the war would have be lose and the Union along with it , and instead of abolish slavery , as we hope to do , in two week , we would be watch helpless as infant as it spread from the american South into South America . Stevens glare at he , then smile . thaddeus steven oh , how you have long to say that to I . you claim you trust they - but you know what the people be . you know that the inner compass that should direct the soul toward justice have ossify in white man and woman , north and south , unto utter uselessness through tolerate the evil of slavery . White people cannot bear the think of share this country 's infinite abundance with negroes . lincoln reach over to Stevens and give he shoulder a vigorous shake . Stevens endure this . lincoln a compass , I learn when I be surveying , it will - it will point you true North from where you be stand , but it 's get no advice 60 . about the swamp and desert and chasm that you will encounter along the way . if in pursuit of you destination you plunge ahead , heedless of obstacle , and achieve nothing more than to sink in a swamp , what 's the use of know true North ? int . mary boudoir , the white house - night spectacles on , lincoln unlace Mary 's corset . lincoln Robert 's go to plead with we to let he enlist . he 's unlace enough ; she unhook the front and step out of she corset and petticoat , turn to he in she plain thin chemise and drawer . mary make time to talk to Robbie . you only have time for tad . lincoln tad 's young . mary so 's Robert . too young for the army . lincoln plenty of boy young than Robert signing up ... mary do not take Robbie . do not let I lose my son . there 's a knock on the door . Mary turn to it , furious : mary ( cont 'd ) go away ! we be occupy ! lincoln open the door . nicolay 's stand there . JOHN nicolay Secretary stanton have send over to tell you that as of half a hour ago , the shelling of wilmington harbor have commence . 61 . lincoln leave with nicolay . Mary watch , freeze , unable to let he go , know she can not stop he . int . the telegraph office , war department - late night the telegraph office look improvise , even after four year . formerly the War Department library , it 's line with bookcase stuff with bundle dispatch . telegraph cable stretch across the ceiling to the cipher-operator ' desk . stanton , perpetually exhaust and impatient , storm down the stair with Welles and the chief telegraph operator , major thomas eckert , 40 , in he wake . stanton they can not possibly maintain under this kind of a assault . Terry 's get ten thousand man surround the goddamn fort ! why do not he answer my cable ? welle major eckert Fort Fisher be a mountain of it 's the large fort they a building , Edwin . twenty - two have , sir . they have be big seacoast gun on each reinforce it for the last rampart - two year - they reach the desk for the key operator . among this , SAMUEL beckwith , 25 , and the key manager , david homer bate , 22 , sit at they silent key , wait to receive news . stanton scribbles furiously on beckwith 's small notepad . stanton ( cont 'd ) they have take 17,000 shell since yesterday ! welle stanton the commander be a old goat . I want to hear that Fort Fisher 's ours and wilmington major eckert have fall ! they say - stanton ( cont 'd ) send another damn cable ! stanton thrust the cable at beckwith , who tap it out immediately . stanton turn to a table where the large map of wilmington from the cabinet meeting be laid out , heavily scribble - on . gustavus fox , assistant Secretary of the navy , and charle benjamin , stanton 's clerk , be check the mark on the map against a stack of dispatch . 62 . stanton ( cont 'd ) the problem 's they commander , white . he engineered the fortress himself . the damned thing 's he child ; he will defend it till he every last man be go . he be not think rationally , he 's - lincoln ( o.c . ) ( holler ! ) " come on out , you old rat ! " everyone 's startle , and confuse . they all turn to lincoln , who sit in Major eckert 's chair , wrap in he shawl . lincoln ( cont 'd ) that 's what ethan Allen call to the commander of Fort ticonderoga in 1776 . " come on out , you old rat ! " ` course there be only forty - odd redcoat at ticonderoga . but , but there be one ethan Allen story that I be very partial to - stanton no ! no , you be , you be go to tell a story ! I do not believe that I can bear to listen to another one of you storey right now ! stanton stalk out , shouting down the corridor as he go : stanton ( cont 'd ) I need the b&amp ; o sideyard schedule for Alexandria ! I ask for they this morning ! lincoln pay no attention to stanton 's fulmination and continue with he story . lincoln it be right after the Revolution , right after peace have be conclude , and ethan Allen go to London to help we new country conduct its business with the king . the English sneer at how rough we be , and rude and simple - minded and on like that , everywhere he go , till one day he be invite to the townhouse of a great English lord . dinner be serve , beverage imbibe , time pass , as happen , and Mr. Allen find he need the 63. privy . he be grateful to be direct thence - relieved you might say . everyone laugh . lincoln ( cont 'd ) now , Mr. Allen discover on enter the water closet that the only decoration therein be a portrait of George Washington . ethan Allen do what he come to do and return to the draw room . his host and the other be disappointed when he do not mention Washington 's portrait . and finally his lordship could not resist , and ask Mr. Allen have he notice it , the picture of Washington . he have . well , what do he think of its placement , do it seem appropriately locate to Mr. Allen ? Mr. Allen say it do . his host be astound ! appropriate ? George Washington 's likeness in a water closet ? yes , say Mr. Allen , where it will do good service : the whole world know nothing will make a englishman shit quick than the sight of George Washington . everyone laugh . lincoln ( cont 'd ) I love that story . beckwith 's and bate 's key start click . they transcribe furiously . there 's a general rush to the operator ' desk . lincoln walk quickly over , and be join there by stanton , who arrive just as the first dispatch have be complete and be be decode . stanton and lincoln hold hand , as they have do many time , wait for news of the battle . bate hand the decode cable to Benjamin , who read it quickly , then announce to the room : charle benjamin Fort Fisher be ours . we have take the port . welle and wilmington ? 64 . eckert shake he head as beckwith hand he the next telegram . major eckert we have take the fort , but the city of wilmington have not surrender . a beat as this sink in . then : stanton how many casualty ? eckert look up at stanton and lincoln , stricken . int . the house chamber - day one representative 's read a paper with the headline : the fallen at wilmington , follow by hundred of name . pendleton and Wood be confer . fernando wood heavy loss . GEORGE pendleton and more to come . fernando wood sour the national mood . that might suffice to discourage he - GEORGE pendleton to what ? to bring this down ? not in a fight like this . this be to the death . fernando wood it 's gruesome ! GEORGE pendleton ( getting upset : ) be you despair , or merely lazy ? this fight be for the United States of America ! nothing " suffice " . a rumor ? nothing ! they be not lazy ! they be busily buy vote ! while we hope to be save by " the national mood ?! " he look over at Stevens , who 's at he desk consulting with Ashley and Julian . 65 . GEORGE pendleton ( cont 'd ) before this blood be dry , when Stevens next take the floor , taunt he - you excel at that - get he to proclaim what we all know he believe in he coal - color heart : that this vote be mean to set the black race on high , to niggerate America . fernando wood George , please . stay on course . GEORGE pendleton bring Stevens to full froth . I can ensure that every newspaperman from louisville to San Francisco will be here to witness it and print it . colfax gavel the chamber to order , as George yeaman approach the podium . schuyler colfax the floor belong to the mellifluent gentleman from kentucky , Mr. George yeaman . GEORGE yeaman I thank you , speaker colfax . the Democrats applaud as yeaman take he place at the podium and survey the chamber . GEORGE yeaman ( cont 'd ) although I be disgust by slavery I rise on this sad and solemn day to announce that I be oppose to the amendment . we must consider what will become of color folk if four million be in one instant set free . cheer and boo . asa vintner litton they will be free , George ! that 's what will become of they ! what will become of any of we ?! that 's what be free mean ! schell , latham , and bilbo be perch in they usual gallery seat , take note . 66 . richard schell think how splendid if Mr. yeaman switch . ROBERT latham ( shaking he head : ) too publicly against we . he can not change course now . w.n. bilbo not for some miserable little job anyways . GEORGE yeaman and , and ! we will be force to enfranchise the man of the color race - it would be inhuman not to ! who among we be prepare to give negroes the vote ? he 's momentarily silence by cheer and boo throughout the chamber . GEORGE yeaman ( cont 'd ) and , and ! what shall follow upon that ? universal enfranchisement ? vote for woman ? yeaman be stop , baffle and dismay by the explosion he 's provoke . int . a empty committee room , the capitol - day hawkins enter and stop when he see pendleton and Wood . it 's a trap . leclerk follow , close the door . fernando wood bless my eye , if it be not the Post master of millersburg Ohio ! hawkins look at leclerk , who guiltily avoid he glance . GEORGE pendleton Mr. leclerk feel honor-bound to inform we . of you disgusting betrayal . you prostitution . fernando wood be that true , postmaster hawkins ? be you maidenly virtue for sale ? hawkins sink . 67 . ext . a wood along the potomac river - morning bilbo and clay hawkins be again in the wood . bilbo , with he basket , clutches a pair of noisy snare partridge . clay hawkins my neighbor hear that I vote yes for nigger freedom and no to peace , they will kill I . w.n. bilbo a deal 's a deal and you man know better than to piss you pants just cause there 's talk about peace talk . w.n. bilbo ( cont 'd ) clay hawkins my neighbor in Nashville , look , I will find another job . they find out I be loyal to the Union , they come after I with geld knife ! hawkins run away from bilbo . bilbo chase he . clay hawkins w.n. bilbo ( to himself , as he you do right , clay hawkins ! run : ) and make yourself some money any other job . in the bargain - clay hawkins ( turn back to bilbo : ) I want to do right ! but I get no courage !!! hawkins run away , sobbing . bilbo pursue . w.n. bilbo wait !! you want , what be it , tax man for the western Reserve , hell you can have the whole state of Ohio if you - bilbo stop , wind . w.n. bilbo ( cont 'd ) aw , crap . ext . in a back alley , somewhere in WASHINGTON - afternoon seward , smoking unhappily , stride toward he carriage , with schell , latham and bilbo in pursuit . 68 . seward eleven vote ?! two day ago we have twelve !! what happen ? richard schell ROBERT latham it 's the goddamn rumor there be defection in the regard the Richmond rank ... yes ! the peace delegation . offer ! seward ROBERT latham groundless . I tell you that . and yet the rumor persist . richard schell they be ruin we . richard schell among the few remain representative who seem remotely plausible there be a perceptible increase in resistance . seward have reach the carriage , bilbo alongside he . before the Secretary of State can climb on board , bilbo shut the carriage door . seward be outrage . w.n. bilbo resistance , hell ! thingamabob hollister , dem from Indiana ? I approach he , the sumbitch near to murder I ! ext . a STREET in georgetown - night bilbo be talk to harold hollister ( D , in ) , who pull out a derringer . bilbo bolt , drop the folder . he stop , run back , and bend to retrieve the folio as hollister fire the gun over bilbo 's head . ext . in a back alley , somewhere in WASHINGTON - afternoon seward , now inside the carriage , slam the door . seward perhaps you push too hard . w.n. bilbo I push nobody . perhaps we need reinforcement . if Jeff Davis want to cease hostility , who do you think will give a genuine solid shit to free slave ? 69 . seward get back to it , and good day , gentleman . schell and latham lean in to the carriage . richard schell we be at a impasse . ROBERT latham tell lincoln to deny the rumor . publicly . richard schell tell we what you expect of we . seward I expect you to do you work ! and to have sufficient sense and taste not to presume to instruct the President . or I . schell step up on the run board , intent . richard schell be there a confederate offer or not ? ext . the jame river dock at CITY point , virginia - day ulyss S. grant , 43 , 5 '7 " , beard , uniform wear and rumple , cross the dock , follow by three aide . they approach the gangway for the River Queen . int . the river queen SALOON , CITY point , virginia - day grant and the commissioner stand in a expansive cabin at the stern , patriotically decorate , large window . grant hand the commissioner ' peace proposal back to they . he 's scribble note all over the document . grant I suggest you work some change to you proposal before you give it to the President . r.m.t hunter we be eager to be on we way to Washington . 70 . alexander stephen do Mr. lincoln tell you to tell we this , General grant ? grant fix stephen with a look - bemuse , a little disappointed . grant it say ... " secure peace for we two country . " and it go on like that . alexander stephen I do not know what you - grant there 's just one country . you and I , we be citizen of that country . I be fight to protect it from armed rebel . from you . alexander stephen but Mr. Blair tell we , he , he tell President Davis we be - grant a private citizen like Preston Blair can say what he please , since he have no authority over anything . if you want to discuss peace with President lincoln , consider revision . he light a cigar . alexander stephen if we be not to discuss a truce between warring nation , what in heaven 's name can we discuss ? grant term of surrender . ext . the jame river dock at CITY point , virginia - day as a somber grant disembark with he aide from the River queen : grant ( v.o. ) " Office United States military telegraph , War dept . for abraham lincoln , President of the United States . January 20 , 1865 . I will 71 . state confidentially that I be convinced , upon conversation with this commissioner , that they intention be good and they desire sincere to restore peace and union . I fear now they go back , without any expression of interest ... " seward 's voice take over from grant 's . grant ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) seward ( v.o. ) " ... from anyone in authority , " ... from anyone in authority , Mr. lincoln ... " Mr. lincoln ... " int . seward mansion , lafayette square , WASHINGTON - night seward 's in a fancy robe and slipper , read a telegram . seward " ... will have a bad influence . I will be sorry should it prove impossible for you to have a interview with they . I be await you instruction . U.S. grant , Lieutenant General command army United States " lincoln be in he coat , shawl over he shoulder , hold he hat . lincoln after four year of war and near 600,000 life lose . he believe we can end this war now . my trust in he be marrow deep . seward look up at lincoln , then down again at the telegram . he stand and cross to lincoln . seward you could bring the delegate to Washington . in exchange for the South 's immediate surrender , we could promise they the amendment 's defeat . they would agree , do not you think ? we would end the war . this week . lincoln have close he eye . 72 . seward ( cont 'd ) or . if you could manage , without seem to do it , to - lincoln shake he head " no . " seward ( cont 'd ) the peace delegation might encounter delay as they travel up the James River . particularly with the fight around wilmington . within ten day time , we might pass the Thirteenth amendment . int . hallway , the white house - late night lincoln , shawl still wrap around he , walk the long empty hall . int . lincoln' office , white house - late night lincoln sit before a open window . he 's dishevel , in shirtsleeve a unbuttone vest , next to a inkwell , papers and book of law scattered about , and a light candle in a candlestick , gutter . grant 's telegraph be in one hand , and in the other hand , he spectacle and , dangle from a chain , he open pocket watch . his bare leave foot keep time with the watch 's loud tick . he stare out into the cold night . int . JOHN hay and JOHN nicolay's bedroom - even later the room be spare and neat . nicolay and Hay be asleep in they bed . lincoln be sit at the foot of Hay 's bed , spectacle on , read a petition , the other in he lap , pencil in hand . lincoln now , here 's a sixteen year old boy . they be go to hang he ... Hay startles awake , then settles . he 's use to this . lincoln ( cont 'd ) ( he read a little further :) he be with the 15th Indiana Calvary near beaufort , seem he lame he horse to avoid battle . I do not think even stanton would 73. complain if I pardon he ? you think stanton would complain ? nicolay stir in the next bed . JOHN hay ummm ... I do not know , sir , I do not know who you be , uh ... what time be it ? lincoln it 's three forty in the morning . JOHN nicolay ( not waking up : ) do not ... let he pardon any more deserter ... nicolay 's asleep again . JOHN hay Mr. stanton think you pardon too many . he 's generally apoplectic on the subject - lincoln he ought not to have do that , crippled he horse , that be cruel , but you do not just hang a sixteen year old boy for that - JOHN hay ask the horse what he think . lincoln - for cruelty . there would be no sixteen year old boy leave . ( a beat , then : ) grant want I to bring the secesh delegate to Washington . JOHN hay so ... there be secesh delegate ? lincoln ( scribbling a note , signing the petition : ) he be afraid , that 's all it be . I do not care to hang a boy for be frighten , either . what good would it do he ? he sign the pardon . then he give Hay 's leg a few hard thwacks and a squeeze . it hurt a little . Hay wince . 74 . lincoln ( cont 'd ) War 's nearly do . ai not that so ? what use one more corpse ? any more corpse ? put the rest of the petition on Hay 's bed , he stand to leave . JOHN hay do you need company ? int . hallway , the white house - late night as before , lincoln continue he slow and solitary walk . lincoln ( v.o. ) Times like this , I be best alone . int . the telegraph room , war department - pre-dawn lincoln be seat at eckert 's desk , shawl wrap around he shoulder , glass on ; he stare down into he hat , hold between he knee . Homer bate and Sam beckwith be wait for he . lincoln draw a handwritten note from he hat and carefully unfold it . lincoln " Lieutenant General Ulysses S. grant , City Point . I have read you word with interest . " Sam beckwith transcribe lincoln 's word into code on a pad with a pencil . lincoln ( cont 'd ) " I ask that , regardless of any action I take in the matter of the visit of the Richmond commissioner , you maintain among you troops military preparedness for battle , as you have do until now . " he stop for a moment . beckwith wait , pencil poise . lincoln look at the note , fold it , tuck it in a band inside he hat . 75 . lincoln ( cont 'd ) " have Captain saunder convey the commissioner to I here in Washington . " ( another pause ) " A. lincoln . " and the date . SAMUEL beckwith ( while writing : ) yes sir . lincoln place the hat on the floor . SAMUEL beckwith ( cont 'd ) shall I transmit , sir ? lincoln ( a beat , then : ) you think we choose to be bear ? SAMUEL beckwith I do not suppose so . lincoln be we fitte to the time we be bear into ? SAMUEL beckwith I do not know about myself . you may be , sir . fitted . lincoln ( to homer : ) what do you reckon ? homer bate I be a engineer . I reckon there 's machinery but no one 's do the fitting . lincoln you be a engineer , you must know euclid 's axiom and common notion . homer bate I must have in school , but ... lincoln I never have much of schooling , but I read euclid , in a old book I borrow . Little enough ever find its way in here - ( touch he cranium ) - but once learn it stay learn . 76 . euclid 's first common notion be this : " thing which be equal to the same thing be equal to each other . " Homer do not get it ; neither do Sam . lincoln ( cont 'd ) that 's a rule of mathematical reason . it 's true because it work ; have do and always will do . in he book , euclid say this be " self -evident . " ( a beat ) D ' you see ? there it be , even in that two - thousand year old book of mechanical law : it be a self - evident truth that thing which be equal to the same thing be equal to each other . we begin with equality . that 's the origin , be not it ? that balance , that 's fairness , that 's justice . he look at he scribble note , then at Sam and Homer . lincoln ( cont 'd ) read I the last sentence of my telegram . SAMUEL beckwith " have Captain saunder convey the commissioner to I here in Washington . " lincoln a slight emendation , Sam , if you would . beckwith write as lincoln dictate . lincoln ( cont 'd ) " have Captain saunder convey the gentleman aboard the River Queen as far as hampton road , Virginia , and there wait until ... " ( beat ) " ... further advice from I . do not proceed to Washington . " 77 . int . house chamber , the capitol - late morning the chamber 's noisy and pack . in the balcony 's front row , a wall of newspapermen , notebook at the ready . title : house of representatives JANUARY 27 Ashley , colfax , and Stevens approach Stevens 's desk . colfax nod towards the journalist in the balcony : schuyler colfax the World , the Herald and the Times , New York , Chicago , the Journal of commerce , even you hometown paper 's here . jame ashley ( to steven : ) say you believe only in legal equality for all race , not racial equality , I beg you , sir . compromise . or you risk it all . Stevens see Mary , with Mrs. keckley , claim front seat from two journalist . int . house chamber , the capitol - later Stevens , at the podium , be be challenge by Fernando Wood , stand at he desk . fernando wood I have ask you a question , Mr. Stevens , and you must answer I . do you or do you not hold that the precept that " all man be create equal " be mean literally ? all eye be on Stevens , the chamber quiet except for a scratch sound : the journalist have begin scribbling . fernando wood ( cont 'd ) be that not the true purpose of the amendment ? to promote you ultimate and ardent dream to elevate - thaddeus steven the true purpose of the amendment , Mr. Wood , you perfectly - name , brainless , obstructive object ? 78 . fernando wood you have always insisted , Mr. Stevens , that negroes be the same as white man be . thaddeus steven the true purpose of the amendment - Stevens look up at the balcony , at the wait journalist , and Mary , who raise she eyebrow , then at Ashley and litton at they desk . seward watch from the balcony . Stevens return to Wood . thaddeus steven ( cont 'd ) I do not hold with equality in all thing only with equality before the law and nothing more . fernando wood ( surprised : ) that 's not so ! you believe that negroes be entirely equal to white man . you have say it a thousand time - GEORGE pendleton ( leaping to he foot ) for shame ! for shame ! stop prevaricate and answer Representative Wood ! thaddeus steven GEORGE pendleton I do not hold with equality in ( stand : ) all thing , only with after the decade of fervent equality before the law and advocacy on behalf of the nothing more . color race - jame ashley ( leaping up : ) he 's answer you question ! this amendment have naught to do with race equality ! pendleton persist , through cheer and catcall . GEORGE pendleton thaddeus steven you have long insisted , have I do not hold with equality in you not , that the dusk - all thing only with equality color race be no different before the law and nothing from the white one . more . 79 . among the amendment 's supporter , include vintner litton , a group of women suffragists in the balcony , and Elizabeth keckley , there 's visible , audible shock and dismay at Stevens 's capitulation . Mary 's surprised by Stevens , and impressed . mary ( whisper to Mrs. keckley :) who would ever have guess that old nightmare capable of such control ? he might make a politician someday - elizabeth keckley ( stand abruptly :) I need to go . Mary 's startle . Mrs. keckley leave the balcony , push past journalist . on the floor : GEORGE pendleton you frantic attempt to delude we now be unworthy of a representative . it be , in fact , unworthy of a white man ! thaddeus steven ( give in to he anger : ) how can I hold that all man be create equal , when here before I - ( point to pendleton : ) - stand stinking the moral carcass of the gentleman from Ohio , proof that some man be inferior , endow by they Maker with dim wit impermeable to reason with cold pallid slime in they vein instead of hot red blood ! you be more reptile than man , George , so low and flat that the foot of man be incapable of crush you ! General uproar . GEORGE pendleton how dare you ! thaddeus steven yet even you , pendleton , who should have be gibbett for treason long before today , even worthless unworthy you ought to be treat equally before the law ! and so again , sir , and again and again and 80 . again I say : I do not hold with EQUALITY in all thing . only with EQUALITY before the law . Ashley sit , nearly weep with relief , while the chamber explode : laughter , applause , boo . GEORGE pendleton mr. speaker , will you permit this vile boorish man to slander and to threaten I and - the journalist pack up they notebook ; this be fun , but not newsworthy , and only a few bother to record it . Stevens limp out through the aisle to wild Republican applause . he look up to the balcony ; Mary be look down approvingly . he look down before she can see he smile . int . a corridor outside the house chamber - later Stevens sit on a bench , alone , think , troubled . asa vintner litton approach he . asa vintner litton you ask if ever I be surprised . Stevens nod . asa vintner litton ( cont 'd ) today , Mr. Stevens , I be surprised . you have lead the battle for race equality for thirty year ! the basis of , of every hope for this country 's future life , you deny negro equality ! I be nauseate . you refuse to say that all human be , well ... human ! have you lose you very soul , Mr. Stevens ? be there nothing you will not say ? Stevens nod , then , quietly : thaddeus steven I be sorry you be nauseous , asa , that must be unpleasant . I want the amendment to pass . so that the constitution 's first and only mention of slavery be its absolute prohibition . for this amendment , for which I have work all of my life and for which 81 . countless color man and woman have fight and die and now hundred of thousand of soldier - no , sir , no , it seem there be very nearly nothing I will not say . ext . the street of WASHINGTON - morning lincoln and Robert be in the buggy drive by the old soldier ; a young bodyguard soldier sit beside the driver , he rifle uselessly tuck under he leg . lincoln be on one side read over a stack of document . Robert 's on the other side of the buggy , stare sullenly at he foot . the buggy stop outside a army hospital . lincoln pack up he papers . ROBERT I be not go in . lincoln you say you want to help I . ROBERT this be - this be just a clumsy attempt at discouragement . I have be to army hospital , I have see surgeries , I go and visit the malaria barge with mama . lincoln she tell I she do not take you inside . ROBERT I snuck in after - I have see what it 's like . this change nothing . lincoln at all rate , I be happy to have you company . stepping out of the buggy , he hand he folio to the bodyguard and enter the army hospital . int . army hospital - morning he 's meet in the antechamber by a army surgeon . lincoln Morning , Jim . 82. army surgeon hello , Mr. President . lincoln good to see you again . they move into the main ward , lincoln remove he hat . lincoln ( cont 'd ) well , boy , first question : you get enough to eat ? he walk from bed to bed , shaking hand with each patient . most be amputee . first patient hello , sir . lincoln what 's you name , soldier ? first patient Robert . lincoln Robert . good to meet you , Robert . second patient Nice to meet you . lincoln what 's you name ? second patient Kevin . lincoln tell I you name as I go past . I like to know who I be talkin ' to . Kevin . third patient Mr. President . John . lincoln John . I have see you before . FOURTH patient Mr. President ... ext . outside the army hospital - morning Robert , brood , wait in the buggy . 83. hear a creak , rumbling sound , Robert turn to see two black orderlies in grey uniform wrangle a large top-heavy wheelbarrow , cover with filthy canvas . one orderly push while the other keep the barrow from tipping over . Robert notice , in the barrow 's wake , a trail of blood . he get out of the buggy and follow as the orderly turn a corner of the building . behind the building , where the ground be bare , pitte with puddle of water , Robert watch as the orderly reach the edge of a shallow pit . one orderly pull the canvas back , revealing severe leg , arm , hand , rotten , burnt , shattered by bullet or bomb . Robert watch as they toss the remain into the pit . quicklime be shovele atop the limb . Robert walk away , unsteady . around the corner , he fumble through he pocket for roll paper and tobacco . he locate this and try to focus on roll a cigarette , he hand shaking . he try harder to control he hand , he feeling , but he can not . he have a panic attack , cry , hiccupy shallow breathe , face flushed . frustrate , he throw down the cigarette and try to hold back tear . lincoln ( o.c . ) what 's the matter , Bob ? Robert look up , mortify , to see lincoln watch he with concern . he wipe he eye , he mouth . ROBERT I have to do this ! and I will do it and I do not need you permission to enlist . lincoln that same speech have be make by how many son to how many father since the war begin ? " I do not need you damn permission , you miserable old goat , I be gonna enlist anyhow ! " and what would not that numberless father have give to be able to say to they son - as I now say to mine - " I be commander - in - chief , so in point of fact , without my permission , you be not enlist in nothing , nowhere , young man . " 84 . ROBERT it 's mama you be scared of , not I get kill . lincoln slap Robert in the face . it shock they both . lincoln try to embrace Robert , but Robert shoulder past he and walk back toward the front of he building . he turn . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) I have to do this ! and I will ! or I will feel ashamed of myself for the rest of my life . whether or not you fight be what 's gonna matter . and not just to other people , but to myself . I will not be you , pa . I can not do that . but I do not want to be nothing . he hurry away . lincoln we can not lose you . int . mary boudoir , second floor of the white house - night outside , drive rain and wind . lincoln sit by the window , in he coat , vest and tie , hair comb neatly . lincoln he will be fine , Molly . City Point 's far from the front line , from the fight , he will be a adjutant run message for General grant . Mary sit at she vanity in a beautiful evening dress , pale with rage . mary the war will take we son ! a sniper , or a shrapnel shell ! or typhus , same as take Willie , it take hundred of boy a day ! he will die , uselessly , and how will I ever forgive you ? most man , they firstborn be they favorite , but you , you have always blame Robert for be bear , for trapping you in a marriage that 's only ever give you grief and cause you regret ! 85 . lincoln that 's not true - mary and if the slaughter of cold Harbor be on you hand same as grant , God help we ! we will pay for the ocean of spill blood you have sanction , the uncountable corpse we will be make to pay with we son 's dear blood - lincoln rise from the window seat , angry . lincoln just , just this once , Mrs. lincoln , I demand of you to try and take the liberal and not the selfish point of view ! you imagine Robert will forgive we if we continue to stifle he very natural ambition ?! mary ( with a mock smile : ) and if I refuse to take the high road , if I will not take up the rough old cross , will you threaten I again with the madhouse , as you do when I could not stop cry over Willie , when I show you what heartbreak , real heartbreak look like , and you have not the courage to countenance it , to help I - lincoln mary that 's right . when you I be in the room with refuse so much as to comfort Willie , I be hold he in tad - my arm as he die ! lincoln mary - the child who be not only how dare you ! sick , dangerously sick , but beside himself with grief ? lincoln mary oh but you grief , you how dare you throw that at grief , you inexhaustible I ?! grief ! 86 . lincoln mary and he mother will not let he I could not let tad in ! I near she , `cause she 's could not risk he see how scream from morning to angry I be ! night pace the corridor , howling at shadow and furniture and ghost ! I ought to have do it , I ought have do for tad 's sake , for everybody 's goddamn sake , I should have clapped you in the madhouse ! mary ( cont 'd ) then do it ! do it ! do not you threaten I , you do it this time ! lock I away ! you will have to , I swear , if Robert be kill ! silence . then : lincoln I could not tolerate you grieve so for Willie because I could not permit it in myself , though I want to , Mary . I want to crawl under the earth , into the vault with he coffin . I still do . every day I do . do not ... talk to I about grief . ( beat : ) I must make my decision , Bob must make he , you yours . and bear what we must , hold and carry what we must . what I carry within I - you must allow I to do it , alone as I must . and you alone , Mary , you alone may lighten this burden , or render it intolerable . as you choose . she open she mouth to make a angry reply , then stop , and watch as he leave the room . int . odd fellow ' hall , WASHINGTON - night onstage , gounod 's faust , Act Three , scene eight , the garden outside marguerite 's cottage , a gorgeously romantic night . marguerite and faust be alone sing . the lincoln , in they box , watch quietly . Elizabeth keckley sit next to Mary . 87 . Mary turn to lincoln . they speak in whisper . Mrs. keckley try not to listen but she can not help hearing what they say . mary you think I be ignorant of what you be up to because you have not discuss this scheme with I as you ought to have do . when have I ever be so easily bamboozle ? ( beat ) I believe you when you insist that amend the constitution and abolish slavery will end this war . and since you be send my son into the war , woe unto you if you fail to pass the amendment . lincoln seward do not want I leave big muddy footprint all over town . mary no one ever live who know better than you the proper placement of footfalls on treacherous path . seward can not do it . you must . because if you fail to secure the necessary vote , woe unto you , sir . you will answer to I . ext . the portico of the white house - a short while later the carriage have pull up and Mary be enter the White House . lincoln help Mrs. keckley down from the carriage . she hesitates before proceeding in . then she face lincoln . elizabeth keckley I know the vote be only four day away ; I know you be concerned . thank you for you concern over this , and I want you to know : they will approve it . God will see to it . lincoln I do not envy he he task . he may wish he would choose a instrument for his purpose more wieldy than the House of Representatives . elizabeth keckley then you will see to it . 88. lincoln look at she , consider . then : lincoln be you afraid of what lie ahead ? for you people ? if we succeed ? elizabeth keckley White people do not want we here . lincoln many do not . elizabeth keckley what about you ? lincoln I ... I do not know you , Mrs. keckley . any of you . you be ... familiar to I , as all people be . unaccommodate , poor , bare , fork creature such as we all be . you have a right to expect what I expect , and likely we expectation be not incomprehensible to each other . I assume I will get use to you . but what you be to the nation , what will become of you once slavery 's day be do , I do not know . elizabeth keckley what my people be to be , I can not say . negroes have be fight and die for freedom since the first of we be a slave . I never hear any ask what freedom will bring . freedom 's first . as for I : my son die , fight for the Union , wear the Union blue . for freedom he die . I be he mother . that 's what I be to the nation , Mr. lincoln . what else must I be ? int . a bedroom in the ST . charle HOTEL - late night the room be far filthier and more cluttere than before . bilbo and latham be play card . schell be asleep in bed . w.n. bilbo my whole hand 's gonna be proud in about five second , let 's see how proud you gonna be . 89 . ROBERT latham oh , it be ? what you get goin ' ? there 's a quick knock on the door . w.n. bilbo yeah ? ROBERT latham go away ! ( to bilbo ) that watch fob , be that gold ? w.n. bilbo you keep you eye off my fob ! seward enter , displease , as they show they card , laugh . ROBERT latham nine pair ! w.n. bilbo oh my God damn ! seward gentlemen . you have a visitor . latham jovially collect he winning . he stop short when lincoln step into the room , cloak and stovepipe , very tall . w.n. bilbo well , I will be fuck . lincoln I would not bet against it , mr...? schell startles awake as bilbo put down he cigar and wipe he hand on he vest . w.n. bilbo w.n. bilbo . lincoln Mr. bilbo. gentlemen . ROBERT latham Sir ... w.n. bilbo why be you here ? no offense , but Mr. seward 's banish the very mention of you name , he will not even 90 . let we use fifty - cent piece `cause they get you face on `em . lincoln the Secretary of State here tell I that , uh , you get eleven Democrats in the bag . that 's encourage . ROBERT latham oh , you have get no cause to be encourage . sir. uh ... richard schell be we be ... fire ? lincoln sit at the card table . lincoln " we have hear the chime of midnight , master shallow . " I be here to alert you boy that the great day of reckoning be nigh upon we . richard schell the Democrats we have yet to bag , sir . the patronage job simply will not bag `em . they require more ... convincing , Mr. President . lincoln nod . he turn to bilbo . lincoln mm-hmm . do I a favor , willya ? w.n. bilbo sure . lincoln snag my eye in the paper this morning . Governor curtin be set to declare a winner in the dispute congressional election for the - w.n. bilbo Pennsylvania 16th District . lincoln what a joy to be comprehend . hop on a train to philadell , call on the Governor - 91 . seward ( look askance at bilbo' appearance :) send latham . or schell . lincoln ( to bilbo : ) no , he will do fine , just polish yourself up first . bilbo , cigar back in mouth , laugh . ROBERT latham the incumbent be claim he win it . name of , uh ... w.n. bilbo coffroth . lincoln that 's he . richard schell coffroth . he be a Democrat . lincoln w.n. bilbo I understand he be . silly name . let Governor curtin know it would be much appreciate if he would invite the House of Representatives to decide who win . he 's entitle to do that . he will agree to it . ( to schell : ) then advise coffroth , if he hope to retain he seat , that he would better pay a visit to thaddeus Stevens . seward pity poor coffroth . int . thaddeus stevens' office , the capitol - night Stevens be at he desk , paperwork pile high . there 's a knock at the door . thaddeus steven it open ! a nervous man enter hesitantly : Alexander coffroth . 92 . Stevens glare at he with what look like horror . coffroth 's frighten smile transform into a rictus of pain . then : thaddeus steven ( cont 'd ) you be canfrey ? alexander coffroth coffroth , Mr. Stevens , Alexander coffroth , I be , I be - thaddeus steven ( skeptical ) be we representative of the same state ? alexander coffroth y-y sir ! we sit only three desk apart - Stevens wave he into a chair . thaddeus steven I have not notice you . I be a Republican , and you , coughdrop , be a Democrat ? alexander coffroth well , I ... um , that be to say ... I - thaddeus steven the modern travesty of Thomas jefferson 's political organization to which you have attach yourself like a barnacle have the effrontery to call itself the Democratic Party . you be a dem-o-crat . what 's the matter with you ? be you wick ? alexander coffroth well , I feel , um , formerly , I - thaddeus steven never mind , coffsnot . you be ignominiously trounce at the husting in November 's election by you worthy challenger , a republican - alexander coffroth no , sir , I be not , um , trounce ! uh , he want to steal my seat ! I do not lose the election - 93. thaddeus steven what difference do it make if you lose or not ?! the governor of we state , be ...? a Democrat ? alexander coffroth no , he 's a ... ( baffle , terrify : ) a , um , a ruh ... thaddeus steven re. alexander coffroth re. thaddeus steven ( nods ) pub. alexander coffroth pub. thaddeus steven li. alexander coffroth li. thaddeus steven can. alexander coffroth can. Republican . thaddeus steven I know what he be . this be a rhetorical exercise . and Congress be control by what party ? your ? coffroth do not know whether to answer . he shake he head . thaddeus steven ( cont 'd ) you party be beat , you challenger 's party now control the House , and hence the House Committee on election , so you have be beat . you shall shortly be send home in disgrace . unless . 94 . alexander coffroth I know what I must do , sir ! I will immediately become a Republican and vote yes for - thaddeus steven no ! coffroth will vote yes but coffroth will remain a Democrat until after he do so . alexander coffroth why wait to switch ? I be happy to switch - thaddeus steven we want to show the amendment have bipartisan support , you idiot . early in the next Congress , when I tell you to do so , you will switch party . now congratulation on you victory , and get out . int . a bedroom in the ST . charle HOTEL - late night continue with lincoln and he operative around the card table . lincoln now give I the name of whoever else you be hunt . schell , latham and bilbo exchange look , then : ROBERT latham George yeaman . richard schell yes. yeaman . w.n. bilbo among other . but yeaman : that would count . ROBERT latham ( helpfully ) y-e-a-m-a-n lincoln look up from he notepad , smile . lincoln I get it . 95 . ROBERT latham kentucky . int . seward office , state department - day seward sit at he grand desk , look on with a anxious scowl . lincoln sit on the edge of seward 's desk . yeaman sit in a chair face he . GEORGE yeaman I can not vote for the amendment , Mr. lincoln . lincoln I see a barge once , Mr. yeaman , fill with color man in chain , head down the Mississippi to the New Orleans slave market . it sicken I , `n more than that , it bring a shadow down , a pall around my eye . ( beat ) slavery troubled I , as long as I can remember , in a way it never troubled my father , though he hate it . in he own fashion . he know no smallhold dirt farmer could compete with slave plantation . he take we out from kentucky to get away from `em . he want Indiana keep free . he be not a kind man , but there be a rough moral urge for fairness , for freedom in he . I learn that from he , I suppose , if little else from he . we do not care for one another , Mr. yeaman . GEORGE yeaman ( embarrassed ) I ... well , I be sorry to hear that - lincoln lovingkindness , that most ordinary thing , come to I from other source . I be grateful for that . GEORGE yeaman I hate it , too , sir , slavery , but - but we be entirely unready for emancipation . there 's too many question - 96 . lincoln ( laugh ) we be unready for peace too , be not we ? when it come , it will present we with conundrum and danger great than any we have face during the war , bloody as it 's be . we will have to extemporize and experiment with what it be when it be . lincoln move from the desk to take the seat beside yeaman , no longer tower over he . he lean forward and rest a hand on yeaman 's knee . lincoln ( cont 'd ) I read you speech , George . negroes and the vote , that 's a puzzle . GEORGE yeaman no , no , but , but , but - but negroes can not , um , vote , Mr. lincoln . you be not suggest that we enfranchise color people . lincoln I be ask only that you disenthrall yourself from the slave power . I will let you know when there 's a offer on my desk for surrender . there 's none before we now . what 's before we now , that 's the vote on the Thirteenth amendment . it 's go to be so very close . you see what you can do . lincoln leave yeaman , consider . ext . a working CLASS neighborhood in WASHINGTON - night lincoln stand in front of William hutton 's row house , talk to hutton . the funeral wreath still hang on the door behind they , display the mark of time pass : fade , weatherbeaten , dusty . william hutton I can not make sense of it , what he die for . Mr. lincoln , I hate they all , I do , all black people . I be a prejudice man . the door open slightly behind hutton . his wife look out . hutton exchange a glance with she , and the door shut again . 97 . lincoln I would change that in you if I could , but that 's not why I come . I might be wrong , Mr. hutton , but I expect ... color people will most likely be free , and when that 's so , it 's simple truth that you brother 's bravery , and he death , help make it so . only you can decide whether that 's sense enough for you , or not . hutton walk slowly back to he house . lincoln ( cont 'd ) my deep sympathy to you family . lincoln go back to he buggy . hutton pause at he door to watch lincoln 's buggy drive away . int . lincoln' office - night lincoln be seat at the head of the cabinet table along with seward . Ashley , Preston and Montgomery Blair . Hay and nicolay sit in they usual chair . preston blair ( angry : ) we have manage we member to a fare - thee - well , you have have no defection from the Republican right to trouble you , whereas as to what you promise - where the hell be the commissioner ?! jame ashley oh God ... ( to lincoln : ) it 's true ! you , you ... lie to I , Mr. lincoln ! you evade my request for a denial that , that there be a confederate peace offer because , because there be one ! we be absolutely guarantee to lose the whole thing - 98 . jame ashley ( cont 'd ) montgomery blair - and we will be discredite , we do not need a goddamn the amendment itself will be abolition amendment ! leave taint . what if , what if the constitution alone ! State this peace commissioner by state you can extirpate - appear today ? or worse , on the morning - lincoln I can not listen to this anymore ! I can not accomplish a goddamn thing of any human meaning or worth until we cure ourselves of slavery and end this pestilential war , and whether any of you or anyone else know it , I know I need this ! this amendment be that cure ! we be step out upon the world 's stage now , now , with the fate of human dignity in we hand ! blood 's be spilt to afford we this moment ! he point around the table at Ashley , monty , Preston . lincoln ( cont 'd ) now now now ! and you grousle and heckle and dodge about like pettifogge tammany Hall huckster ! see what be before you ! see the here and now ! that 's the hardest thing , the only thing that account ! abolish slavery by constitutional provision settles the fate , for all come time , not only of the million now in bondage but of unborn million to come . two vote stand in its way , and this vote must be procure . seward we need two yese , three abstention , or four yese and one more abstention and the amendment will pass - lincoln you get a night and a day and a night and several perfectly good hour ! now get the hell out of here and get `em ! jame ashley yes but how ? 99 . lincoln buzzard ' gut , man . lincoln rise , and keep rise , till he seem eight foot tall . lincoln ( cont 'd ) I be the President of the United States of America , clothed in immense power ! you will procure I this vote . int . the house chamber - dawn the chamber be quiet and dark . page and clerk prepare the desk , lay out pen and paper , fill inkwell . title : the morning of the vote JANUARY 31 , 1865 a clerk be drape red-white - and - blue bunt on the desk of representative from secede state . this will of course remain unoccupy during the vote . the first Congressman to arrive , thaddeus Stevens clump in . he go to he desk and sit . he look around the empty chamber , ready and wait . int . the house chamber - morning , several hour later thaddeus Stevens be at he desk . the House be in session , the floor full of congressman caucus and argue . the balcony 's pack . Mary and keckley sit at the front , nicolay and Hay behind they . the blair be among other official , rich people , foreign dignitary . there 's a sudden quiet , then murmure . Ashley , Stevens and everyone on the floor look up , Ellis , hollister , hutton and hawkins among this . in the balcony , twenty well -to - do black people , mostly man , be escort by several Senators , include sumner and Wade , to a reserve section of the balcony . the black people glance at they surroundings but be rigidly compose . asa vintner litton see they enter . he look about , at the representative caucus , or stare up at the visitor . something powerful strike he . in a voice coarse with emotion , he call up to the black visitor : 100 . asa vintner litton we welcome you , lady and gentleman , first in the history of this people 's chamber , to you House ! there 's tense applause . some of the black guest bow ; most be not sure how to respond . yeaman watch this , deeply move . bilbo catch hawkins 's eye and wave . hawkins look anxiously around , blush . everyone be seat , and the place be pack . schuyler colfax be in he high seat atop the rostrum , the sergeant-at-arms to he right . colfax gavel the House into session . Ashley be at the podium . schuyler colfax Mr. Ashley , the floor be yours . jame ashley on the matter of the joint resolution before we , present a Thirteenth amendment to we national constitution , which be pass last year by the Senate , and which have be debate now by this estimable body for the past several week . today we will vote ... cheer , boo , applause . jame ashley ( cont 'd ) by mutual agreement we shall hear brief final statement - General cheer for this , laugh . jame ashley ( cont 'd ) - beginning with the honorable George pendleton of Ohio . applause , boo . pendleton , take the podium , be hand several letter by Wood . he hold they over he head . the chamber 's quiet . GEORGE pendleton I have just receive confirmation of what previously have be merely rumor ! affidavits from loyal citizen recently return from 101 . Richmond . they testify that commissioner have indeed come north and ought to have arrive by now in Washington City ! bear a offer of immediate cessation of we civil war ! the chamber explode . through the ensue ruckus : fernando wood ( to Ashley , fake shock : ) be there confederate commissioner in the Capitol ? jame ashley I do not ... I have no idea where they be or if they have arrive or - fernando wood if they have arrive ?! GEORGE pendleton I appeal to my fellow Democrats , to all Republican representative who give a fig for peace ! postpone this vote until we have answer from the President himself ! in the balcony , Hay and nicolay exchange worried glance . fernando wood postpone the vote ! Ashley turn to Stevens : " do something ! " as pendleton 's Democrats begin to chant " postpone the vote ! " Mary , worried , look from Mrs. keckley to Preston Blair , who be focus on the leader of the conservative Republican representative , aaron haddam ( R , ky ) . haddam look up at Preston , await instruction . Democrats and Republicans rush to the speaker to support or protest the motion . in the balcony , Preston slowly stand , sadden and angry . fernando wood ( cont 'd ) I have make a motion ! do anyone here care to second - Preston nod at haddam : " go ahead . " haddam rise . 102 . aaron haddam ( in a powerful voice : ) gentlemen . the conservative faction of border and western Republicans cannot approve this amendment , about which we harbor grave doubt , if a peace offer be be hold hostage to its success . join with we Democratic colleague , I second the motion to postpone . the debate swell again as , in the balcony , schell scribbles in a notebook while latham whisper furiously in he ear . latham rip the page out before schell 's finish ; bilbo snatch it from he . ROBERT latham Quick , man ! Quick ! bilbo push he way out of the balcony . nicolay , then Hay , follow on he heel . Mary see this ; she 's concerned . ext . outside the capitol - afternoon Hay and nicolay emerge . they see bilbo run , far ahead . Hay immediately sprint after he and trip . nicolay continue run . int / ext . white house portico , foyer , stair - afternoon bilbo puff he way across the portico , through the door , and up the stair . Hay gain on he . it 's become a race ! in the second floor hallway , bilbo get wind , and Hay dash past he . Hay reach the door to lincoln 's office and fling they open . int . lincoln' office , the white house - afternoon lincoln be at he desk , work , when Hay burst in . bilbo appear in the doorway , bett - red and gasp for air . Hay 's too wind to speak . bilbo hold out the note , limp with sweat , and bring it to lincoln . lincoln read it . lincoln this be precisely what Mr. Wood wish I to respond to ? 103 . tad run into the room , excited by the commotion . he wrap he arm around he father 's neck , then tear wildly out of the room . lincoln ( cont 'd ) Word for word ? this be precisely the assurance that he demand of I ? w.n. bilbo yes sir . as nicolay heave into the room in last place , wheeze terribly , lincoln deliberate for a moment , then write a note . he blot , fold and hand it to Hay , who immediately read it , nicolay look on . lincoln give this to Mr. Ashley . Hay look at nicolay , who can not speak ; he wave at Hay to speak for he . JOHN hay I feel , um , I have to say , Mr. lincoln , that this - ( annoyed , impatient , to bilbo : ) could you please just step outside ?! w.n. bilbo you gonna have a chat now , with with the whole of the House of Representatives wait on that ? nicolay continue gasp , try to speak . he can not . JOHN hay ( to lincoln : ) make false representation to Congress be , it 's , um - JOHN nicolay it 's , it 's - lincoln impeachable . I have make no false representation . JOHN hay but there be - ( whispering : ) 104 . there be a delegation from Richmond . lincoln give I the note , johnnie . Hay give lincoln the note . lincoln take it , hold on to Hay 's hand ; with he free hand , lincoln pass the note to bilbo . lincoln ( cont 'd ) ( to bilbo : ) please deliver that to Mr. Ashley . int . the house chamber and balcony - afternoon bilbo , push past the page , run in , hold the note , Ashley snatch it , read as he make he way to the podium . all eye be on Ashley . jame ashley from the President : the chamber fall silent . jame ashley ( cont 'd ) " so far as I know , there be no peace commissioner in the city nor be there likely to be . " applause , boo , furious discussion . GEORGE pendleton " so far as I know - " ?! that mean nothing ! be there commissioner from the South or be not there ?! in the balcony , Mary look to Mrs. keckley . jame ashley the President have answer you , sir ! you peace offer be a fiction ! GEORGE pendleton that be not a denial , it be a lawyer 's dodge ! jame ashley Mr. haddam ? be you faction satisfied ? 105 . Preston , in the balcony , hesitates . he look at he daughter , who give he a question look : " do you want this on you head ? " Preston do not . he indicate to haddam with a small shake of he venerable head : " Drop it . " aaron haddam the conservative Republican faction 's satisfied , and we thank Mr. lincoln . I move to table Mr. Wood 's motion . schuyler colfax table ! there 's a angry response , but Wood and pendleton sit , thwart . jame ashley speaker colfax , I order the main question . schuyler colfax a motion have be make to bring the bill for the Thirteenth amendment to a vote . do I hear a second ? asa vintner litton I second the motion . schuyler colfax so move , so order . the clerk will now - ( a rap of the gavel ) quiet please . the noise of the chamber and balcony reduce to a rumble . schuyler colfax ( cont 'd ) the clerk will now call the roll for voting . thaddeus Stevens sit silently , tired , concentrate : the moment have come . the clerk of the house we begin with Connecticut . Mr. augustus Benjamin , on the matter of this amendment , how say you ? the chamber be completely silent for the first time . 106 . augustus benjamin nay ! the clerk record he vote . the clerk of the house Mr. Arthur bentleigh . arthur bentleigh nay ! the clerk of the house Mr. John Ellis , how say you ? JOHN ellis aye ! angry shout from Ellis 's fellow Democrats , force colfax to gavel for order . democratic senator what ?! shameful ! the clerk of the house Missouri next . Mr. walter appleton . walter appleton I vote no ! the clerk of the house Mr. josiah burton . josiah burton rise to he foot . he be very , very tall and thin . josiah burton beanpole burton be pleased to vote yea ! Mary watch from the balcony , pleased , but anxious . the clerk of the house the State of New Jersey . Mr. nehemiah cleary . nehemiah cleary no . the clerk of the house Mr. James martinson . 107 . jame ashley Mr. martinson have delegate I to say he be indispose and he abstain . the clerk of the house Mr. Austin J. Roberts . jame ashley also indispose , also abstain . shock anger from the Democrats . pendleton start calculate vote on a sheet of paper . Wood grab it and begin to calculate more rapidly . in the balcony , Mary keep track on she own list . she write carefully next to Roberts 's name : " 15 to win " the clerk of the house Illinois conclude . Mr. harold hollister , how say you ? hollister glower next to hutton , who 's silently praying . harold hollister no . the clerk of the house Mr. hutton ? Mr. William hutton , cast you vote . hutton look up from he prayer . william hutton William hutton , remember at this moment he beloved brother , fredrick , vote against the amendment . int . lincoln' office , the white house - afternoon lincoln watch tad stack book to make a fort for he lead toy soldier . int / ext . rotunda and front door of the capitol - afternoon a field telegraph have be set up near the step , at the front of the enormous crowd that 's assemble before the Capitol . pole be hold up in the crowd by soldier along which the telegraph wire be stretch . 108 . a soldier station at the door of the Capitol relay the vote to another soldier man the cipher key : soldier webster Allen vote no . the cipher operator instantly transmit . int . granth telegraph room at CITY point - afternoon officer be crowded in the small room , watch a sergeant transcribe as he cipher key click . sergeant webster Allen , Illinois , Democrat , vote ...no. the cipher key click again . sergeant ( cont 'd ) halberd Law , Indiana , Democrat , vote ...no. grant observe this from the balcony above . Robert , in a captain 's uniform , stand near he . like he mother , Robert have a scorecard , and he 's keep track . grant turn he back on the proceedings to light a cigar . he 's concerned at how close the vote be . behind he the count continue : sergeant ( cont 'd ) Archibald moran ...yes . Robert have be look at grant ; he return to he score keep . sergeant ( cont 'd ) ambrose bailer ... yes . int . the house chamber and balcony - afternoon the clerk continue . the clerk of the house Mr. walter H. washburn . walter H. washburn vote no . the clerk of the house and Mr. George yeaman , how say you ? 109 . yeaman do not respond . the silence this cause lengthen , till representative begin to look to see what 's happen . yeaman sit , stare ahead , not respond . thaddeus Stevens , sense something 's happen , look in yeaman 's direction . yeaman , still stare ahead , mumble something , but it 's inaudible . the clerk of the house ( cont 'd ) sorry Mr. yeaman , I do not hear you vote - GEORGE yeaman ( rise to he foot ) I say aye , Mr. mcpherson . aye !!! great surprise , loud cheer and angry shout . fernando wood traitor ! traitor ! yeaman look ready to faint . to the consternation of the Democrats , a mob of gleeful Republicans rush across the aisle that separate the two party ; they surround yeaman , shaking he hand , slapping he on the back . colfax bang the gavel . schuyler colfax order ! pendleton be speechless . litton turn to Ashley , both astonished ; Ashley turn to Stevens , who watch , sharp , observant , give nothing away . Mary update she tally : " 8 to win " schuyler colfax ( cont 'd ) order in the chamber ! yeaman collapse back into he seat . the room quiet . schuyler colfax ( cont 'd ) Mr. macpherson , you may proceed . the clerk of the house Mr. clay R. hawkins of Ohio . hawkins seem to have be startle out of a reverie . sick with fear , he look up at the sound of he name . he can not speak . Wood and pendleton watch this , deeply alarmed . hawkins snap out of it . clay hawkins goddamn it , I be voting yes . 110 . a huge reaction to this . leclerk gape at hawkins . clay hawkins ( cont 'd ) ( right at pendleton and Wood ! ) I do not care , shoot I dead ! you shoot I dead I , I be voting yes ! the clerk of the house Mr. Edwin f. leclerk . leclerk , seat next to hawkins and transfix by he courage , turn dazedly to mcpherson . edwin leclerk no . ( then , stand abruptly : ) oh to hell with it , shoot I dead too . yes ! the noise get wilder . pendleton fix leclerk and hawkins with a murderous look . edwin leclerk ( cont 'd ) I mean , abstention . abstention . disgust briefly flash across he face , mcpherson cross out and change leclerk 's vote to a abstention . the cheer and boo degenerate to intense argument about what this mean for the vote count . in the balcony , bilbo look at hawkins , well - pleased . the clerk of the house Mr. Alexander coffroth . coffroth look towards Stevens , who do not look at he . alexander coffroth ( proud of himself and happy about the reward he'll get : ) i. vote. yes . applause . Stevens still do not look at coffroth , but , tickle , he grin and nod . int . granth telegraph room at CITY point - afternoon grant stand with Robert at the balcony rail , wait . sergeant James brook ...nay . 111 . on a nearby board , a large map have be tack backwards ; on its reverse side , the count be be scrawle by a officer , who mark off the vote in quintile in column mark yea and nay . sergeant at arm josiah grinnell ... yea . meyer straus ... int . the house chamber and balcony - afternoon straus rise . meyer straus nay . the clerk of the house Mr. Joseph marstern ? joseph marstern nay . the clerk of the house Mr. chilton A. elliot ? chilton A. elliot no ! the clerk of the house Mr. Daniel G. Stuart ? daniel G. stuart I vote yes . then , in a sequence of rapid cut : the clerk of the house Mr. Howard guilefoyle . howard guilefoyle yea . the clerk of the house John f. McKenzie . JOHN f. mckenzie yea . the clerk of the house Andrew E. fink. andrew E. fink nay . 112 . the clerk of the house Mr. John A. kassim . JOHN A. kassim yea . the clerk of the house Mr. hanready . avon hanready nay . the clerk of the house and Mr. rufus Warren ? rufus warren yea . int . lincoln' office , the white house - afternoon tad be on lincoln 's lap . they be examine a book , the page of which feature illustration compare the variety of species of insect , zebras , finch . int . the house chamber and balcony - afternoon the room be quiet and tense . the clerk of the house the roll call conclude , voting be complete , now - schuyler colfax Mr. clerk , please call my name , I want to cast a vote . GEORGE pendleton I object ! the speaker do not vote ! schuyler colfax the speaker may vote if he so choose . GEORGE pendleton it be highly unusual , sir - schuyler colfax this be not usual , Mr. pendleton , this be history . the clerk of the house how do Mr. schuyler colfax vote ? 113. schuyler colfax ( a look of surprise that this need to be ask , then , state the obvious : ) aye , of course . laughter in the chamber . the clerk tally the vote , then pass the record vote to the speaker . there 's absolute silence . in the balcony , Mary check she own tally , not quite believe it . schuyler colfax ( cont 'd ) the final vote : eight absent or not voting , fifty six vote against , one hundred nineteen vote for . with a margin of two vote - int . lincoln' office , the white house - afternoon lincoln stand , wait . the only sound be the tick of the clock . and then the tick be slowly drown out as bell begin to peal throughout the city . lincoln raise the window as tad rush to he . the bell be join by a cannonade . the sound of jubilation fill he office . lincoln turn from the window to tad , who stare out eagerly , seek out the source of the noise . lincoln put he hand on tad 's head . he look down at he son , silent . int . the house chamber , the capitol - late afternoon Representatives throw papers in the air , embrace , weep , shout , dance , climb on desk . in the balcony , Mary stand slowly , beyond tear or joy ; Mrs. keckley stand with she , smile , cry . Preston Blair applaud vigorously . the black visitor join the general exultation , overwhelm , some praying , other embrace and weep . latham 's , schell 's and bilbo 's seat be empty ; they have go . Ashley , grin from ear to ear , tear stream down he face , be hoist up on shoulder and march around the room , as on the floor and in the balcony , people start sing " the Battle Cry of freedom . " pendleton , with the face of someone who 's see he world collapse into ruin , walk straight at yeaman , who 's listen to the sing , deeply move , he face full of wonder . pendleton turn , without a word , and leave the House . 114 . yeaman laugh , and loudly join in sing . Stevens clump over to the clerk of the House , who be place he tally and the official copy of the amendment bill in a folio . he look up . the clerk of the house congratulation , Mr. Chairman . thaddeus steven the bill , Mr. mcpherson , may I ...? the clerk hand the bill to Stevens , who fold it and pocket it . the clerk of the house that 's ... that 's the official bill . thaddeus steven I will return it in the morning . crease , but unharme . ext . a STREET , WASHINGTON - dusk celebrate crowd move towards the mall , sing , carry placard proclaim the passage of the amendment . thaddeus Stevens be hobbling in the opposite direction , make difficult headway against the crowd , push and shove , unrecognize ; he shove back , he ferocious scowl utterly at odd with the prevaile festive mood . he reach a modest house , unlock the door and step inside . int . thaddeus stevens' house - night Stevens be meet at the door by lydia smith , a black woman in she fifty . as she help he off with he coat , he take a piece of paper from he pocket . thaddeus steven a gift for you . she take it . thaddeus steven ( cont 'd ) the great measure of the nineteenth century . pass by corruption , aid and abetted by the purest man in America . 115 . int . the bedroom in thaddeus stevens' house - night Stevens , in he nightgown , take off he wig . he 's bald . he lie down in bed . Mrs. Smith be in bed already beside he . she 's hold the paper he give she . thaddeus steven I wish you would be present . lydia smith I wish I would be . thaddeus steven it be a spectacle . lydia smith you can not bring you housekeeper to the House . I will not give they gossip . ( the paper ) this be enough . this be ... it 's more than enough for now . they kiss . he lie back . he grab she hand . thaddeus steven read it to I again , my love . lydia smith " proposed - " thaddeus steven and adopt . lydia smith adopted . " a amendment to the constitution of the United States . section one : neither slavery nor involuntary servitude , except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have be duly convict , shall exist within the United States , or any place subject to they jurisdiction . " thaddeus steven section two : lydia smith " Congress shall have power to enforce this amendment by appropriate legislation . " 116 . thaddeus Stevens grin , nod , think , eye sparkling . int . / ext . the dock at fortress monroe , hampton road , virginia - late afternoon sailor cheer lincoln 's arrival . lincoln walk across the gangway . seward greet he amidst the cheer . int . the SALOON on board the river queen , hampton road , virginia - day lincoln , seward and the commissioner be seat . seward look concerned at lincoln 's fatigue . alexander stephen let I be blunt . will the southern state resume they former position in the Union speedily enough to enable we to block ratification of the Thirteenth amendment ? lincoln I would like peace immediately . alexander stephen yes , and ...? lincoln I would like you state restore to they practical relation to the Union immediately . silence . alexander stephen if this could be give I in write , as vice President of the confederacy , I would bring that document with celerity to jefferson Davis . seward surrender and we can discuss reconstruction . alexander stephen surrender will not be think of unless you have assure we , in write , that we will be readmitted in time to block this amendment . 117 . r.m.t. hunter this be the arrogant demand of a conqueror for a humiliate , abject - seward you will not be conquer people , Mr. Hunter . you will be citizen , return to the law and the guarantee of rights of the constitution . alexander stephen which now extinguish slavery . and with it we economy . all we law will be determine by a Congress of vengeful yankee , all we rights ' will be subject to a Supreme Court bench by Black Republican radical . all we tradition will be obliterate . we will not know ourselves anymore . lincoln ( a nod , then : ) we be not here to discuss reconstruction , we have no legal basis for that discussion . but I do not want to deal falsely . the Northern state will ratify , most of `em . as I figure , it remain for two of the Southern state to do the same , even after all be readmitted . and I be work on that . alexander stephen Tennessee and Louisiana . lincoln Arkansas too , most likely . it will be ratify . slavery , sir , it 's do . Hunter storm out of the cabin . lincoln ( cont 'd ) if we submit ourselves to law , Alex , even submit to lose freedom - the freedom to oppress , for instance - we may discover other freedom previously unknown to we . have you keep faith with democratic process , as frustrating as that can be - 118. JOHN A. campbell come sir , spare we at least this piety . do you defeat we with ballot ? alexander stephen how have you hold you Union together ? through democracy ? how many hundred of thousand have die during you administration ? you Union , sir , be bond in cannonfire and death . lincoln it may be you be right . but say all we do be show the world that democracy be not chaos , that there be a great invisible strength in a people 's union ? say we have show that a people can endure awful sacrifice and yet cohere ? might not that save at least the idea of democracy , to aspire to ? eventually , to become worthy of ? at all rate , whatever may be prove by blood and sacrifice must have be prove by now . shall we stop this bleed ? ext . a CITY on a southern river - night like a vision of apocalypse , a city on the bank of a broad river be be consume in a hellish fire , as artillery shell rend the dark sky asunder , raining down destruction . ext . siege line before petersburg , virginia - morning the morning be grey , and a dense fog cover a vast field . lincoln , he stovepipe hat atop he head , be mount on a horse on a rise at one end of the field . behind he , several union officer be also mount . it 's chilly ; the breath of the man and the horse be visible . title : outside petersburg , virginia april 3 lincoln flick the rein of he horse , which start down the slope . the officer follow behind he . no one speak . 119 . lincoln ride slowly , he focus on the ground before he . debris be scattered all around he , along with the body of fall soldier . he look up and across the battlefield ; a terrible battle have conclude a couple of hour ago . look down , as he ride , he see soldier kill by artillery fire , whose body lie twisted , burn , headless , limbless , tear in two , blow out of they clothing or char too badly to tell . he see soldier kill by rifle and bayonet , whose corpse be intact . at the beginning of he ride , all the dead and wounded be in Union blue , the casualty of confederate cannon fire , fell as the Union army , about six hour earlier , begin its final , successful drive to break through confederate line . as lincoln and he escort move across the battlefield , grey and blue uniform corpse and badly wounded man intermingle . he reach the other side of the field , pass a confederate flag to enter the now-ruine town of Petersburg . ext . the thomas wallace house , granth temporary headquarters , on market STREET , petersburg - morning grant , smoking he cigar , he uniform dusty and rumple , be sit on the small porch . he stare piercingly at lincoln , in a rocker next to he , watch he troops pass by as they move in to secure the conquer town . lincoln close he eye . he have grow older , the skin around he eye be cobwebbed with fine crease , and he hair 's thin , softer , suffuse with grey . his brow have grow smoother . lincoln once he surrender , send he boy back to they home , they farm , they shop . grant yes sir , as we discuss . lincoln liberality all around . no punishment . I do not want that . and the leader - Jeff and the rest of `em - if they escape , leave the country while my back 's turn , that would not upset I none . 120 . when peace come it must not just be hanging . grant by outward appearance , you be ten year older than you be a year ago . lincoln some weariness have bit at my bone . ( beat ) I never see the like of it before . what I see today . never see the like of it before . grant you always know that , what this be go to be . intimate , and ugly . you must have need to see it close when you decide to come down here . lincoln we have make it possible for one another to do terrible thing . grant and we have win the war . now you have to lead we out of it . ext . the mclean house , appomattox court house , virginia - afternoon officer of the confederate and union army stand around in the afternoon sun . everyone 's solemn , even stunne by what 's just happen . no one be speak . title : appomattox courthouse , virginia april 9 , 1865 ROBERT E. lee come down the step of the McLean house , as a confederate officer bring he horse to he . his face be blank . Lee mount he wait horse . Lee should leave , have just surrender to grant inside ; but he 's immobile . some of the officer of both side look at Lee , some can not bear it . Lee try out various expression : pride , defiance , blankness . grant stomp onto the porch of the house , follow by he staff . among they be Robert lincoln . 121. grant , lose in think , stop , take aback , realize that Lee 's still there , astride he horse . everyone look at the two man who look awkwardly at one another . then grant remove he famous slouch hat . everyone freeze for a moment , and then one by one , the officer of the Union Army remove they hat . Lee be visibly move by this gesture of respect . he raise he hat , briefly , only a inch from he head . then , pull slightly on he horse 's rein , he ride away . ext . a buggy ride through WASHINGTON - afternoon a beautiful spring afternoon . lincoln and Mary be riding in the buggy , drive by the old soldier . mary you have a itch to travel ? lincoln I would like that . to the West by rail . mary ( shaking she head no : ) overseas . lincoln the Holy land . mary ( a laugh , then : ) awfully pious for a man who take he wife out buggy -ride on good Friday . lincoln Jerusalem . where David and Solomon walk . I dream of walk in that ancient city . she seem sadder . they ride in silence . mary all anyone will remember of I be I be crazy and I ruin you happiness . lincoln anyone think that do not understand , Molly . she nod ; then , tenderly : 122. mary when they look at you , at what it cost to live at the heart of this , they will wonder at it . they will wonder at you . they should . but they should also look at the wretch woman by you side , if they want to understand what this be truly like . for a ordinary person . for anyone other than you . lincoln laugh , take she hand . she lean against he . lincoln we must try to be happier . we must . both of we . we have be so miserable for so long . int . lincoln' office - evening lincoln 's in the shirtsleeve and vest of he formal evening wear , he hair brush down and plaster in place . William slade be work the tie and glove . James Ashley and schuyler colfax stand with he , hold glass of scotch whiskey . slade wait with lincoln 's coat , clothes brush , the stovepipe hat and glove on the table . John Hay tear down several of the military map , heavily mark , from the bookcase where they be tack . he drop this on the floor . as they watch Hay : lincoln I do say some color man , the intelligent , the educate , and veteran , I qualified it . jame ashley Mr. Stevens be furious , he want to know why you qualified it - schuyler colfax no one hear the intelligent or the educate part . all they hear be the first time any president have ever make mention of negro voting . lincoln still , I wish I would mention it in a better speech . jame ashley Mr. Stevens also want to know why you do not make a better speech . 123. they laugh . there 's a knock on the door ; nicolay enter . JOHN nicolay ( to lincoln : ) Mrs. lincoln 's wait in the carriage . she want I to remind you of the hour , and that you ' will have to pick up miss Harris and Major rathbone . lincoln nod . slade enter with lincoln 's hat , coat , and glove . lincoln begin to dress hurriedly . lincoln be I in trouble ? william slade no , sir . lincoln thank you , Mr. slade . slade hand lincoln he glove as colfax and Ashley drain they drink and rise . lincoln ( cont 'd ) I suppose it 's time to go , though I would rather stay . he leave the room . int . a empty corridor , second floor of the white house - continuous on the way out , lincoln toss the glove on a side table . slade grab they , consider chase after lincoln , then think better of it . he walk back towards the office . then some strange feel stop he , and he turn around again . lincoln be walk away , past the petitioner ' chair , down the empty hallway . slade watch till lincoln turn the corner , and he 's go . int . a theater - night the theater be adorn with patriotic bunt . onstage , a caliph 's palace . a young man duel with scimitar against a huge , hideous afrit . a young woman in chain cower in distress . the young man gymnastically avoid be kill , then plunge he scimitar into the afrit 's heart . the demon scream and topple to the ground . the audience gasp as a 124 . flame - color , bejewel bird rise up from the dead afrit 's heart . the audience applaud . in the center box , tad lincoln be join in , as be he companion for the evening , Tom pendel . onstage , the bird fly off , the young man be freeing the young woman , when the scene be halt by the red curtain lowering , surprising actor and audience . the music die , the gas light in the house be be raise as the owner of the theater , leonard grover , step out before the curtain and walk to the center of the stage , pale and badly shake . in the box , Tom pendel glance quickly at tad , who 's fix on the stage , eye open , alarmed . the audience know something 's wrong . they rise murmur of concern die immediately when grover raise he hand . leonard grover ( voice shaking :) the President have be shot . there be scream of horror from the audience ; people leap from they seat . leonard grover ( cont 'd ) the President have be shot at Ford 's theater ! the theater be a scene of complete pandemonium . people cry , jam the aisle , call to each other across row of seat , shout question at grover , who 's call for calm , inaudible in the uproar . Tom pendel be freeze in shock , then turn to draw tad close to he . tad pull away and begin shriek , cling to the railing so tightly that pendel can not pry he loose . tad can not stop scream , he eye wide open , see nothing . int . the bedroom in peterson' boarding house - morning Mary be gently escort into a tiny room . a small , hiss gas jet in the wall bathes the scene with green light . stanton , speed , general henry halleck and a minister , be stand . Welles sit by the head of the bed . dr . charle leale , a young army surgeon , and dr . ROBERT stone , the lincoln family 's doctor , stand uselessly by the foot of the bed , while dr . joseph barne , the surgeon General , listen to lincoln 's faint breathe . 125 . Robert , in uniform , red -ey , pale as a ghost , sit at the bedside and stare at he father , barely breathe . lincoln lie in a crooked diagonal , he knee bent , on a bed he 's too tall to fit properly , clad only in a nightshirt . barne move he head closer , then closer . the room be utterly still . barne take out he watch , look at the time , softly clear he throat . dr . barne it 's 7:22 in the morning , Saturday the 15th of April . it 's all over . the President be no more . no one talk , or move . stanton look at lincoln 's body . stanton now he belong to the age . Robert begin to weep . lincoln ( v.o. ) fondly do we hope , fervently do we pray , that this mighty scourge of war may speedily pass away . ext . the east portico of the capitol - noon lincoln , wear spectacle , stand at a podium before the Capitol dome , still under scaffold , under cloudy sky . he read from the two page . lincoln yet , if God will that it continue until all the wealth pile by the bondman 's two hundred and fifty year of unrequite toil shall be sink , and until every drop of blood draw with the lash shall be pay by another draw with the sword , as be say three thousand year ago , so still it must be say " the judgment of the Lord be true and righteous altogether . " he glance at he audience : 40000 people from all over the country , wounded soldier , civilian in black . and for the first time , in the crowd , not at its edge , hundred of African Americans , civilian and soldier . 126 . lincoln ( cont 'd ) with malice toward none , with charity for all , with firmness in the right as God give we to see the right , let we strive on to finish the work we be in , to bind up the nation 's wound , to care for he who shall have borne the battle , and for he widow and he orphan , to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and a last peace among ourselves and with all nation . fade to black . the end