for you consideration L it ! on best adapted screenplay luke Davies twc lion by luke Davies base on the book a Long Way Home by saroo brierley [ * note : throughout , all dialogue be in the appropriate dialect / language , with subtitles where appropriate . in khandwa , saroo 's home town , this be Hindi ; in Calcutta , where he be lose , it be bengali - which he do not speak . so if saroo be hearing bengali , we will not always see subtitles , except where necessary for we own understanding . ] copyright '' 2015 see - saw film extreme high aerial - day ( 1987 ) we be soar - 20,000 foot above this vast island earth - very high aerial - day 15,000 foot now - we be soar over a dark emerald ocean - high aerial - above india - day 4000 foot , whoosh effortlessly over city , village , countryside , rail line - all the mad glory of India - aerial - india - day 2,000 foot , soar , slow , high above a ochre landscape - - way down there : a tiny figure pick its way through the fringe of a small trash heap by a dam - aerial - above field near dam , khandwa - continuous ( day ) 20 foot above ground now , we be follow that tiny figure ( a SMALL boy ) from behind , as he scamper through the trash - ext . rubbish - strewn field near dam , khandwa - continuous his tiny hand come into frame . scavenge . in tighter : the same hand . clearly a practise routine . a yellow butterfly flutter onto the hand . the hand still , so as not to scare the butterfly . we tiny figure ( saroo , 5 ) stand up , ever so carefully . front angle : we see he properly for the first time . study the butterfly . entrance . then he notice a few more . wider : he 's in a field entirely fill with they flutter . delighted , he spread he arm wide . he move through the butterfly - flutter all around he head and shoulder . suddenly - a 5 - year- old testing he power - he roar - saroo roarrrghhh ! ! - laugh - the butterfly scatter all around he - voice ( 0.s. ) saroo ! saroo ! in the distance , up on the railway line that run along the ridge , a silhouette . saroo 's brother ( guddu , 12 ) wave . ext . railway track - afternoon saroo and guddu hide in wait in the shrub along the track . a huge coal train lumber toward they , pick up speed . guddu burst out - clamber up onto the move train . saroo run alongside , terrify and at the same time loving the thrill . his bare foot hurt on the rough ground . guddu effortlessly swing himself onto the open coal car . guddu keep up ! keep up ! guddu start throw coal off the train , into the makeshift net of saroo 's shirt - mostly miss . at any moment saroo could go under that giant wheel . along the track : three men ( security ) give chase , shouting . guddu clamber down . the boy scramble for stray lump of coal . but they do not have much time ; the man be gain . they peel off into the dense scrub , giggle as they sprint well - trodden short - cut ; the man begin to recede , b/g . ext . khandwa street - afternoon bustle khandwa . color , street stall , people everywhere . saroo and guddu stride confidently through all this , hold they pregnant coal belly in place . they know this routine . ext . khandwa market - soon after ( afternoon ) they dump the coal into a STREET vendor 's bucket . as the vendor ladle out a small plastic bag of warm milk from a bubbling vat , saroo notice something to he side - Pov , as in a dream : in another vat , rich , deep - orange jalebis sizzle - a unattainable feast that make saroo salivate . saroo ( nudge guddu ) guddu ... jalebis ... guddu look at they too ; for a beat we see beyond the boy 's deep hunger - they be just kid , yearn for a sweet . ext . road home to ganesh talai - soon after ( dusk ) they run along the road home . joyful , free . a job well do . turn into the final alley , they pass a house with a lurid aqua wall , and a hedge of overflow bougainvillea . all the while we keep we eye on that little plastic bag . int . one - room home - soon after ( evening ) Home be a dirt - floor shack . kerosene lamp . bare wall . coal fire in the corner . plastic dish tub . subsistence live . saroo 's mother ( kamla , 30 - beautiful , but line by life ) ladle dhal onto plate for saroo , guddu , and shekila ( 2 ) . kallu ( a boy , 9 - saroo and guddu 's brother , cheeky , flighty ) enter , sit , unwrap a cloth contain scrap of bread . kallu I get the bread ! saroo ( it 's competitive ) we get the milk ! they devour the meal in silence . we study each person . kamla unty the plastic bag , pour the milk into a bowl . she dip a crust of bread and give it to shekila to suckle on . guddu , kallu , and saroo take a sip each and pass the bowl . saroo offer the bowl to he mother . she smile a gentle no. saroo grin at guddu . so proud of they milk escapade . kallu up and leave as fast as he come . int . one - room home - soon after ( evening ) saroo lie with shekila on she little '' cot '' - barely a scrap of mattress - on the floor . sooth she , stroking she head . saroo shhh . shhh . saroo lift he head , look at kamla as she drape she head with a silk sari and begin to head out . she look back at he question little face . kamla you know I have to work . int . one - room home - soon after ( evening ) stillness of the night outside . shekila sleep ; saroo nearly there . but when guddu slip out the door , saroo see he go . ext . alley behind one - room home - moment later ( night ) guddu wrestle he rickety bicycle from its hide place . saroo ( 0.s. ) how long this time ? guddu turn to see saroo stand there . guddu you do good today , saroo . saroo I want to come with you . how long ? guddu a week . you have to mind shekila . saroo kallu will be back . guddu you be too little to carry sack . it 's very hard work . saroo I can carry anything ! guddu smile , amused . really ? with great effort , saroo lift up the bicycle , hold it aloft above he head , like a weight - lifter . strain . guddu okay . put it down . guddu laugh at the absurdity and sheer ball . ext . underpass and busy street - soon after ( night ) travel at breakneck speed - saroo joyfully perch on the handlebar - the boy emerge from the underpass . the busy street whizzing past . guddu the daredevil . a young man go , guddu ! on saroo : so proud of he big brother . this be live ! int . train to burhanpur - later ( night ) saroo and guddu stand on a crowded night train . hemmed in . int . same train - later ( night ) the majority of the crowd be disembark at a station . in a deftly - practise move , saroo and guddu scurry like monkey under the seat , scavenge for scrap . on guddu : he find a peso . ( it 's about 1 /100th of a rupee . ) guddu peso ! on saroo : he grab something . a peanut . he crack the shell - saroo guddu ! he split the single peanut in two , and they eat it . int . same train - later ( night ) the train be move again . plenty of seat now . saroo look totally exhaust , he head rest on guddu . guddu stroke saroo , dreamily stare out into the blackness . ext . burhanpur platform - later ( night ) the train pull into burhanpur Station . the passengers disembark . last off be guddu , carry sleep saroo . guddu sit saroo down on a bench . guddu saroo - wake up ! saroo simply groan , and curl up sideways . guddu ( cont 'd ) you have to walk . saroo ( whiny ) I be asleep ... guddu you be too little for late night ! saroo I be asleep ... do not bother I . guddu look around . annoy with himself . back to saroo : guddu I will go sort thing for tomorrow . then we can find a place to sleep . saroo bring back a thousand jalebis . guddu very funny . wait here . you do not move , okay ? guddu leap off the end of the platform . familiar with it . on saroo : deep asleep in a instant . on guddu : tiny figure , hopping he way along the track . fade to black . ext . burhanpur platform - later ( very late night ) fade up : saroo wake . the platform now all but desert - empty , haunt . a few scattered , shadowy men in the distance . saroo look around . come to consciousness . where be guddu ? saroo guddu ? that shadowy men in the distance , huddle , smoking . we feel saroo 's total vulnerability to this weird open space . a big empty train , stand in front of he . saroo ( cont 'd ) guddu ? he look up at the giant water tower behind the platform . loom , almost alive - like some brood iron monster . what to do ? where on earth be guddu ? one of the shadowy man give saroo one of that stare that never break . a moment of decision . close on saroo . and just like that - step ! - saroo step up onto the train . int . carriage - continuous ( night ) Little saroo just stand there . the carriage be dark , empty . saroo guddu ? he walk down the aisle to the end of the carriage . he try the connect door . it 's lock . he stand in the doorway , look out . still no guddu . he retreat back inside . safer here . he sit . knee draw . take in the measure of this new empty space . his lid heavy . he lie there . spook , but fade . he curl up . Fighting sleep so hard . then he lid fall shut . hard CUT : int . carriage - day daylight . close on saroo , eyelid flicker in sleep , head rock gently , as a sunbeam creep across he face . audio : the distant , soothing clickety - clack of the train . Pov : we be in a sun-drenched , empty train carriage . ( and suddenly that clickety - clack be pretty damn loud . ) on saroo : as he lurch awake . his catastrophe have begin . as he stand up , take in he surroundings , sheer terror - - he 's like a feral animal , realize it 's trap . he slap he hand to the window , look out . panick , he jump across the aisle . look out . he run up the aisle . tries the lock of the connect door . the main door : lock . distraught , he look out the window . Pov ( reverse ) : a endless expanse of ochre plain racing by . saroo ( through the bar ) guddu ! ammi !* [ * mummy ] shekila ! he sit back , mind racing . frozen , mute . high aerial - continuous ( day ) the train hurtle across the land . [ we note the rest of the train be crowded . only the last carriage , saroo 's , be empty . ] int . carriage - later ( afternoon ) time have pass . saroo be stare numbly at the ceiling . the train lurch , slow . saroo tense . jump up , hopeful . out the window ( Pov ) : we have enter a mid-size town . the train come to a stop at last . but where be the platform ? saroo crane he neck at the window bar once again . Pov ( reverse ) : oblique angle , partial view , we catch a glimpse of the human activity on the platform further along . ext . train on SMALL -town platform ( establishing ) - continuous wide exterior , we now see what 's actually go on : saroo 's carriage , the last one , hang over the end of the platform . Little saroo , craning at the bar of a window . int . carriage - second later ( afternoon ) saroo be back at the carriage door , try the handle , on tip - toe try to get a glimpse out the window . ( his Pov ) : just near he , leg dangle over the end of the platform , sit a single STREET urchin ( 10 ) , black with grime . saroo bang on the door window . saroo help I ! ext . platform - continuous ( afternoon ) from the urchin 's Pov : saroo , trap behind the dirty pane . saroo help I ! the urchin stare blankly at saroo . in he own desolation , he can not find the energy to even engage , let alone help . saroo ( cont ’d ) please ! help I ! but the train begin to pull out . gather speed . the urchin turn he head , and gaze at saroo , recede . int . carriage - continuous ( afternoon ) as the train continue to gather speed we see , over saroo 's shoulder , all the people on the crowded platform flash by . saroo ( flail , scream ) help ! help ! but not a soul notice he - and then the station be go . high aerial - afternoon the train continue across the vast landscape , whose color have shift now - less ochre , more verdant . int . carriage - later ( late afternoon ) saroo , just sit . weeping forlorn , hopeless tear . int . carriage - later ( night ) night . saroo on all four under the seat again , scavenge . he lunge for a peach stone . well and truly eat . he gnaw and suck on it ravenously , get at the last strand . int . carriage , slowing into calcutta - later ( night ) saroo watch out the window a dark , unfamiliar CITY stream past . a vast shanty town at night . and such noise ! the train begin to slow , noticeably . saroo , press to the window , wide - eye . scare . but desperate to get off ! int . carriage , arriving at howrah station - later ( night ) as the train lurch to a stop , saroo be poise at the door , tense , wary , alert . people crowd the door . to saroo , they seem frightening , ugly : a boschean nightmare of face , all crowd at the door . how 's this go to work ? his hand tight on the handle . audio : a hydraulic AIR release SOUND , and the door unlock . it slide OPEN , and instantly the crowd be piling in . saroo , catch off -guard , push forward . throws himself into the crowd , like a stage diver . no way he be not get off . ext . howrah platform - continuous ( night ) the horde push on board as tiny saroo fight he way out . desperate . lung . swim he way through they . he pop clear . free . but then , before he : the chaos of Howrah , Calcutta 's main terminus - 26 platform . wide , the place be indescribably vast . the size of a small town . he turn in a circle - every direction equally hopeless . he step up to a woman . saroo ganestlay ? woman ( wave he off ) I have no money . to a man in railway uniform walk by : saroo ganestlay ? 10 but the man keep walk . saroo see another official . he tug on the man 's trousers . but the man just bat saroo away - a real clip on the ear . turn in a bewilder circle , saroo spot a STREET kid ( 5 ) drink from a water fountain then walk off . saroo step up , tippy - toe , and drink . and drink . two day without food or water . this be the Fountain of life . then he eye search for that street kid . int . subway platform - moment later ( night ) up the far end of the platform , the kid sit down with a bunch of STREET kide , all of they so blacken with grime . closer : some rowdy , some quiet . some already asleep . on saroo : study they . cautiously approach . he sit , twenty metre away , eyeing they warily . on the child : a wild , dangerous energy . a wiry boy , 10 , return saroo 's stare . no invitation here . he 's not be accept . eye at ten pace . later . saroo sleep - sit up , knee draw , head droop . fade to black . over the blackness ( pre - lap ) : a shrieking station whistle -— ext . howrah platform - morning saroo , stand in front of a pack train about to leave , on the platform where he arrive yesterday . that whistle blow again . the train lurch into movement . saroo 's mind tick . here it be . the chance to go home . at the last possible moment saroo leap on the move train . int . crowded train - continuous ( morning ) saroo push inside , stand there hold the pole . take everyone in . he tug on a lady 's sari . saroo ganestlay ? the woman grunt - huh ? - and look away . saroo push through . ask a man . 11 saroo ( cont ’d ) ganestlay ? nothing . the man just look away . on saroo : the invisible boy . look up at all this adult . ext . train ( establishing ) - night the train hurtle along , now through the night . ext . unnamed station - morning the train pull into a terminus , where everyone alight . saroo jump up from under that seat . instantly awake , he run for the door . excite . this should be ganestlay . he stand in the doorway - lose , look up the platform , the carriage behind he now empty . this be not ganestlay . a station guard ( be : the empty train ) this one terminate here . saroo do not understand a word he say . saroo ganestlay ? station guard ( gesture ) go! shoo ! saroo ( confuse ) ganestlay ? the guard point to the crowded train on the other platform . station guard two minute . go ! to saroo , that 's a yes to the ganestlay question . as he sprint up the overpass to the train on the opposite platform , we feel he rush of hope . int . train - moment later ( morning ) saroo jump on , squeeze through the crush . so tiny . he perches himself at a window - on the edge of he seat - look out - ahead . could this really be it ? he catch a lady look at he . 12 saroo ( pleased with himself ) ganestlay . she smile . whatever he 's say , the little kid be sweet . he point out the window , as the train start to move . saroo ( cont ’d ) ganestlay . the lady do not understand . but perhaps she can be helpful . lady Calcutta . saroo ( try the word ) cal-cutta . it dent he optimism a little . he 's so easily confuse . '' Calcutta '' . what the hell be she talk about ? he notice a school girl stare at he . his filthy clothes . he 's already beginning to look like that street kid . i/e . ( travelling ) train to calcutta - afternoon saroo , lean out the open doorway - calm , content . in he bone : soon home will reappear . closer on saroo as confusion set in . then a sink feel : wide ( saroo 's Pov ) : we be slow , come into ... Calcutta ! the shanty town again . Howrah ahead in the distance . oh , no . ext . howrah station - soon after we follow forlorn saroo as he walk through the crowd across the Howrah Station concourse and go up to a ticket booth . on tiptoe , he head barely appear at the window . saroo ganestlay ? the man shoos he away , as people be pile up behind he . saroo ( cont ’d ) ( more insistent ) ganestlay ? the man be now impatient and shout at saroo ; the passengers push and slap he out of the way . 13 int . howrah subway passage - late afternoon saroo , so tiny , as he walk along the vast , crowded subway passage ( single shot , wide ) - a subterranean nightmare . ext . track leading out from howrah - dusk close : saroo stand bath in the late afternoon light - gaze out at something . a gentle breeze on he face . he look leave . look right . look ahead . then with a resign slump , he turn and walk off . wide : he 's walk back ( towards the station ) across a enormous cobweb of entangle train track - a impenetrable weave that really show just how impossible get home be . ext . subway platform , howrah station - night late ; the lose child be curl up , entangle , asleep . forlorn saroo sit down - same wary distance as the other night . his eye tired and red . his grimy face tear-stain . he now look just like they - the transformation be complete . Eye contact with wiry Boy , who 's lie on a bed of cardboard . wiry Boy shift , nod to saroo - slide out one of the layer of cardboard that make up he bed . slide it over to saroo . saroo - I can ? a offer of extraordinary generosity . saroo walk over , take it , lie down . a luxury . saroo nod thank - you , smile shyly . wiry Boy nod solemnly . as saroo close he eye , we fade to black . silence . hard CUT into : ext . subway platform , howrah station - late night - saroo be wake by scream and sudden pandemonium . shadowy adult be grab at the child - it be terrifying and aggressive and chaotic - adult come here ! hey ! you ! - and the child be scream in terror and scatter . a station official casually light a cigarette . ( in he nonchalance , a sense of the machinery of corruption . ) 14 spring into survival mode , saroo run for he life - straight up the end of the platform , and leap straight off - int . train tunnel - continuous ( late night ) - and into the tunnel . the last thing he see , as he turn for one last glance , be wiry Boy be violently take away . saroo sprint along the tunnel . a man chase . on saroo : a heart - pound chase . rat scurrying everywhere . body snatcher hey ! you come here ! you come back ! suddenly , danger : a train hurtle towards he . blind , saroo flatten himself against the wall , terrify . the train barely miss he , as it blare past . as saroo stand there , pin against the wall amid all the electrical cable , head turn sideways , he see -— - along there , the body snatcher , also press to the wall . now the train be go - and here come the body snatcher - - nowhere to go but forward - saroo keep sprinting - at last the body snatcher give up - ext . between station and river - moment later ( late night ) - saroo emerge into the world outside the station - and see for the first time what he 's just be inside : - the great red brick edifice that be Howrah - and beyond it , huge howrah bridge . a eerie , haunt 3:00 a.m. stillness . from inside come a child 's scream - which propel saroo to keep sprinting - away from the station - along the road - ext . bridge - continuous ( late night ) - straight up the stair to a vast forbid bridge - he tiny leg struggle to keep go upwards , upwards ... he reach the top of the stair . he look ahead . this bridge , stretch into the distance , be the biggest thing he 's ever see in he life . few car on the road . few people on the footpath . pollution haze like a ghostly fog . it feel haunt . ahead : a couple of Calcutta 's wild dog potter about . they own this bridge at night . saroo inch backwards , scared and wary . 15 he look back down the stair . no sign of the body snatcher . but ahead , beyond that dog : it 's too daunt . too haunt . through the rail , down by the river bank , he see : - candle , flicker . that look the safer option . ext . riverbank & kali shrine - minute later ( late night ) we follow saroo from blackness - to that candle flicker . 15 babas ( holy men ) sleep : dirty robe , matte beard , dreadlock , red ochre face . peaceful . they sleep face a small platform shrine to goddess kali ( the destroyer ) . Bright paint kali statue 4 foot high - fierce , frightening , astride she lion . carefully , saroo move through the holy man , toward kali . four arm , garland of skull , riding a lion . spooky . at kali 's foot , offering : coconut shaving , peso , nut . saroo look at the man again ; no one seem to be stir . he bow quickly to kali , and sneak some of the offering . spy a sliver of unpopulate ground . he clamber in behind the small platform , lie down . out of trouble , out of sight . his own corner of this metropolis . his eye get sleepy . watch the sleep holy man - and beyond they , the dark , wide river , flow by . fade to black . silence - a beat - then the sound of man murmure , chant . fade up to : ext . riverbank & kali shrine - morning the chant grow louder . saroo 's eye , dreamy , open - lose in the chant . [ it will act as a strange breathe space . ] he stand . he come out from behind the kali shrine . the babas face he , meditate , chant . as if saroo , there beside kali on she lion , be a tiny god himself . saroo walk through the holy man , down to the river 's edge . no real purpose . the chant be haunt , extraordinary . 16 all the people go through they morning ritual : bathing , brush they tooth , scrubbing pot . saroo separate . lost. observe everyone . they all seem to know what they be do . jump CUT : int . subway platform , howrah station - a while later ( day ) the chant continue , as saroo wander , back at that place from where he fle last night . it 's empty and desolate now . he do not look terrify . just lose . he see what he want : - on the ground , the cardboard that wiry Boy give he . he pick it up . his '' bed '' . Planning ahead . he drag it away . ext . along the railway track , howrah station - afternoon saroo wander by the side of the track , with he cardboard sheet . past the black metal pool where men and boy sift for metal from construction waste . then up a tiny path . he come across a woman ( noor , 40 ) carry tin lunch box . she turn as they pass . watch he . noor it 's dangerous walk here . saroo stop . stands there , quietly , innocently . noor ( cont 'd ) you speak bengali ? saroo do not seem to understand the question . noor ( cont 'd ) ( in Hindi ) you speak Hindi ? a beat . saroo nod , yes . saroo I get lose . noor where be you from ? saroo ganestlay . noor where be that ? saroo Home . 17 noor I do not know where that be . a beat . she seem concerned . saroo , so vulnerable . noor ( cont 'd ) what be you name ? saroo saroo . noor I be noor. ( beat ) be you hungry ? she motion with the lunch box . saroo nod , follow . int . stairwell , apartment block - soon after ( afternoon ) saroo follow noor up the stair of she building - ext . rooftop - moment later ( afternoon ) - they come out onto the amazing rooftop - saroo have never be anywhere high before - Calcutta stretch before he - ( Pov ) : the view reveal kide play on lower rooftop - kite - a sense of community - the sound of kid play - noor - come - she life up here ! he follow she into she rooftop shack - int . noor 's rooftop home - continuous ( afternoon ) saroo , wide - eye , walk across to the window -— ( Pov ) : amazing view across the railway yard ; howrah bridge in the distance ; everywhere , golden afternoon light . int . noor 's rooftop home - later ( late afternoon ) saroo sit at a small table with noor , shovel lentil into he mouth from a plastic plate . to he , a feast . it 's as if he relax , a tiny notch . this woman feel safe . noor ( ironic ) look like you hate it ! saroo look up , mouth full , smile at the humour . 18 noor ( cont 'd ) I make the lunch for all the man . ( beat ) you have to make a live . saroo I help my brother carry bale . noor you do ? saroo I help my mother carry rock . noor she work in a quarry ? saroo nod yes . his mouth still full , go full throttle . noor gaze at he . sadness . compassion . from a tiny fridge , she take out a orange soda in a bottle . she open it and hand it to he . saroo look down astonished at the bottle in he hand . he 's never have one of this . he look up at she . she nod , go on . he put the bottle to he lip . drink . wince at the bubbles . look up at she , and smile . another sip . amazing . amazing . suddenly : a enormous burp . saroo could cry , he 's so amaze . instead , they laugh . int . noor 's rooftop home - later ( night ) nake saroo , head to toe in soap sud , stand in a plastic tub in the corner , as noor scrub he vigorously . his body be pummele . it 's not at all unpleasant . noor ladle water , pour it over saroo 's head . as the water cascade and the sud wash away , he close he eye . int . one - room home , khandwa - night ( flashback ) - and open they , the water cascade off he face . reverse : he 's look at kamla , bathing he . saroo blink , look at : kamla 's face , as she concentrate on wash he . int . noor 's rooftop home - continuous ( night ) saroo blink , look at : 19 noor 's face - as she concentrate on wash he . she take he cheek in she hand - noor open you mouth . she move he lip , inspect he tooth and gum . int . bedroom , noor 's rooftop home - later ( night ) saroo , curl up on the tiny bed in the corner . noor pad a blanket down on top of he . luxury . noor ( she voice soothing ) I know a man who be a very special man . his name be rama . he know many people . he will come tomorrow , to help you . saroo to find ammi ? noor yes , ammi . you sleep now . the day could not get any better . saroo smile , eye heavy . then , surrender to he tiredness , he 's out like a light . hard CUT : int . bedroom , noor 's rooftop home - morning saroo open he eye . the light be blind , almost heavenly . he raise he head , look through to the other room : - where a handsome , impeccably dress man ( rama , 40 ) sit with noor at the table , finish a small meal . rama oh , he be awake . rama walk into the bedroom . perches on the bed . rama ( cont 'd ) I wonder what world you have travel in . that be such a sleep , young man . saroo ( sit up ) you be rama ? rama ( smile ) yes , but not the god . and I have be tell you be lose . 20 saroo nod meekly , yes . rama ( cont 'd ) I need to ask you some question . and you need to tell I all that you can - so I can help you ... what be you name ? saroo saroo . rama saroo . and you be from ...? saroo ganestlay . rama it 's not a name that be familiar to I . but we may be able to find it . what be you family name ? saroo look up at the man , almost shameful . he do not know . rama ( cont 'd ) it 's all right , it 's not important . rama start to lie down , and gesture saroo to lie back down . rama ( cont 'd ) come lie down , I have come so far to see you . saroo blink twice . be that a '' no thanks '' kind of question ? he lie down , tentatively . rama pull he in . a tiny bed . rama ( cont 'd ) tell I how you get here , saroo . saroo I go to the station with my brother - rama - and you brother be ? - saroo - guddu . and he go away . and he do not come back - - as saroo talk , rama casually stroke he hair - close , in saroo 's eye : surely that 's not right - saroo ( cont ’d ) - so I rest on the train . but I fall asleep . then I could not get off . and the train come here . 21 - rama nod , murmur encouragement , keep stroking - - noor watch , blankly , from across the room - saroo ( cont ’d ) but I can not find the train to get back . rama saroo , you be a good boy . be you a good boy ? saroo nod earnestly . but also subtly shift he head . rama sit up . ruffle saroo 's hair . rama ( cont 'd ) I ’1l1 tell you what . I x11 be back tonight , and I 'il take you somewhere good . saroo to my mother ? rama somewhere good . and from there we will try to find you mother . this thing be not always easy . saroo nod , confuse , hopeful . rama stand . rama ( cont 'd ) stand up for I . let I see you . saroo stand on the bed . rama admire he , pull he arm - like a man admire strength or beauty in a son . or inspect a horse . saroo , passive , let it happen . rama hold out he hand . saroo , clearly not practice in the art of hand - shaking , offer he tiny hand . noor say thank you to rama . saroo thank you . rama leave the bedroom , cross the main room , kiss noor goodbye - slight sexual overtone - and pass out the door . saroo stand there on the bed , closely observe all this . it 's all so strange . and not quite right . the faint sound of child play , 0/s . int . noor 's rooftop home - later ( dusk ) saroo sit , eat , as noor stir dhal in a pot . 22 another bottle of orange soda in front of he . untouch . he stare at the bottle . then at noor. busy with cooking , she half - sing along to some bollywood song on the radio . she look over to saroo and smile . he look at the soda again . at noor. something stir inside he - - and suddenly he simply up from the table and make a break for it - straight out the door . noor scream - revealing the true animal she be . int . stairwell , apartment build - continuous ( dusk ) - saroo take the stair at lightning speed , noor scream and chase o/s behind he -— - around one landing , a man lurch at he - miss - - saroo take that step faster that he 's ever run before - ext . pathway outside apartment build - continuous ( dusk ) saroo burst out onto the pathway outside the apartment building and scramble away , up towards the city light - ext . street near howrah station - continuous ( dusk ) - and into the busy dusk street . he run . and run , and run , and run — ext . bridge - continuous ( dusk ) - right up that stair to the Howrah Bridge . ( this time : truck , car , horn blaring , countless people . no wild dog . ) and this time , saroo keep right on run - zigzagge he way through the crowd , a bundle of pure determination . his little fist clench . glancing back , still fearful . a marathon runner . and now we hear only he breath . ext . calcutta street - soon after ( montage ) we track he in profile : frame consistency , fluid fade and consistency of tracking speed mean it all look like one shot , even though b/g change and it 's many different shot . as if he 's run through all of India . fade to black . over the blackness , the sound of rain . it pour . it pour . 23 a super : two month later then a tiny voice , come up over the rain : saroo ( v.0. , pre - lap ) sorry . sorry . fade up to : int . concrete hidey - hole - day tight on saroo 's face - dark , in the shadow - we have no idea where it be - he face ever grimier . it 's raining heavily . in the shadowy recess , he 's whisper : saroo sorry . sorry . I will come back . I be sorry , ammi ... ext . dream quarry , khandwa - day ( flashback ) sudden contrast from the darkness to brilliant white light . a surreal landscape : mythological , prehistoric - rocky , barren - white dust swirl like a fine talcum mist . saroo , scramble over the rock , like the first human ever . saroo ammi ! ammi ! we be in a quarry - and there in the distance be kamla , the hot wind flap she sari about - she turn as he near - kamla good boy . saroo start help - lift a rock far too heavy for he . kamla ( cont 'd ) ( laugh as he struggle ) not this one , saroo . get that little one . he gather a couple of rock , drop they into she wooden hod . kamla ( cont 'd ) small one at the back . that 's it . look at you muscle ! saroo grin , flexe he muscle like a bodybuilder . kamla ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) good boy . good boy . 24 int . concrete hidey - hole - day heart-wrench - saroo 's attempt at a nest , at belonging . a filthy blanket ; water bottle ; break toy car ; mussel shell . and another cardboard sheet . which he 's lie on now , on he belly , a tear indian vogue propped against the wall . saroo park the toy car at the base of the swiss mountain in a breitle watch ad . he load the seashell onto the roof of the car and drive it away , make little - child noise . he fill the mussel shell with dirt and tiny pebble , push it to the corner , tip the content out . like kamla 's hod . saroo good boy . good boy . that 's a good boy . good boy . audio : the rain ease . ext . concrete hidey - hole - soon after ( day ) the sun 's out , everything drip . saroo clamber down . ( we see how ingenious he nest be : a 4 - foot -cube concrete recess between two pylon , 8 foot off the ground , hide from view . ) the crow look down on he from the telegraph wire . ext . riverbank - day saroo fossick by the shore , where the garbage ebb and bob . his little '' scavenger bag '' sling over he shoulder . a dead body - a crippled beggar , lip blue , eye lifeless - stare at the sky in a death grimace . saroo stare for a moment . and then step over it . he find a bent spoon . inspect it . it look like some rusted relic from the raj - a English serve spoon . please , he put it in the scavenger bag . ext . STREET - day saroo sit in a narrow traffic island in the middle of a crazy busy street - bus and truck in all direction . he take out the spoon , study it again , straighten it . reaching back into the scavenge bag , he place a few grain of rice and corn on the spoon . across the road at a cafe table , a man ( pleasant - look , a student , 22 , a book and cup of chai in front of he ) watch - fascinate . saroo feed himself off the spoon , imagine a huge mouthful . 25 to the man it 's heartbreaking - he 's draw in by saroo 's '' play '' . at that moment they eye meet . the man smile . jump CUT : int . office , police complex - soon after ( day ) saroo sit at a desk , tiny and bewilder in '' officialdom " '' , as the café man speak to a police official ( 50 ) . cafe man he speak Hindi - not a word of bengali - so he must be a long way from home . when I ask where he 's from , he keep say '' ganestlay '' . it mean nothing to I . the official nod , walk over to a old wall map of India . police official ( to saroo ) now this ... '' ganestlay '' —- ( point to all of India ) do you think you might have a rough idea where it be ? saroo - the little prince of cluelessness . police official ( cont ’d ) do you know which province ? it would help we a lot if you know the province . even as the word come out of he mouth , he understand the stupidity of the question . but he hover there , in hope . saroo stare at the map - that distinct triangle of India - then the official , as if they be both enormous blank wall . the official sit . glance at the café man . police official ( cont ’d ) let 's try something else . do you know you family name ? int . office , police complex - soon after ( day ) flash ! saroo 's photo be take . int . front counter , police complex - soon after ( day ) the official at a counter ( saroo on a bench , B /g , with the café man ) as a harden officer ( he 's see it all ) take approximately five second to read saroo 's two - page file . stamp ! he stamp the file '' lost '' . staples the photo to the cover . pull out a separate page , indian - bureaucracy - style . 26 hardened offficer ( hand official the file ) that 's for issa . ( hand he the page ) that 's for liluah . police official ( slight frown ) really ? hardened offficer ( shrug ; not my problem ) while they process he . on the police official : he know this be not great . he compose himself , turn , smile to saroo and café man . police official they have find he a home - while they look . the man smile , relieved . ruffle saroo 's hair . ext . police van , STREET to liluah gate - afternoon we follow a dirty van down a narrow road along a high wall top with barb wire and embed break glass . int . liluah van - continuous ( afternoon ) in the back of the van , saroo and four sullen STREET kide sit , spook , silent , tense , wait - a haunt vigil of expectation as the van rattles along . ( audio , ext : ) the van 's horn honk ; a iron gate creak open . CUT to black - over the blackness : a guard ( 0.s. ) move ! move ! shuffle sound , as the child move - and outside , the various noise and echoe of a world we be about to reveal . burst into brightness : ext . liluah detention CENTER - continuous ( afternoon ) we emerge from the darkness , follow the terrify child follow the bark guard into the bleak , sun - drench courtyard of the high - wall complex . a shiver - up - the-spine wrongness about this decrepit , fortress - — like place - no sense of a connection to the outside world . Lonely chair and rubbish lie on top of the wire - mesh '' roof '' . 27 they pass row of cell ; child 's eye stare from the dark . on saroo : what be this nightmare ? he be desperate in Calcutta ; but there 's nothing but sorrow and suffer here . int . younger dorm , liluah - later ( late afternoon ) saroo sit freeze , wary , on what pass for a bed . five other child on bed , like spectre in the gloom . everyone look traumatize ; nobody speak . fade to black . over the blackness we hear : the sound of lock open , chain clanging , the big iron front gate creaking OPEN - footstep across the courtyard - two men talk - come closer , closer - and downstairs , into the quiet building - int . younger dorm , liluah - later ( night ) fade up : a sweet 5 - year-old girl ( amita ) lie in bed in the stillness , stare over at saroo with huge unblink eye . saroo stare back . the sound come closer . saroo turn and watch as the two man - one a guard , the other a well - dress outsider - stride past the open door . a door open ( 0/s , audio ) . whimper - a scuffle - shout . then saroo catch a glimpse of a haunted boy ( 8 ) be drag past the door by the man . terror in the boy 's eye . saroo so wide - eye and wide awake in the dark night . auditory sequence ( while on saroo ) : a confusing auditory nightmare . beating . cries of anguish . rape . amita simply stare across to saroo . then after a time , she close she eye . saroo stare at the ceiling , eye wide . the noise continue . int . mess hall , liluah - morning saroo shovel the thin gruel into he mouth in cow silence . amita by he side , do the same . saroo what be you name ? sweet girl amita . 28 saroo notice a guard escort a kindly - look lady ( mrs sood , 45 ) with file in hand , who seem to be point and talk about particular kid with the guard . saroo do anybody ever leave here , amita ? amita I have see it . saroo what will you do when you leave ? pause . amita I would like to own a watch one day . Long pause . int . classroom , liluah - day Fifteen child , nerve on edge , strain to get it right . a severe teacher bark the Sanskrit alphabet , point to the letter on the blackboard as this illiterate kid repeat : teacher child kaa ... gaa ... naa ... daa kaa ... gaa ... naa ... [ etc ] saroo be earnestly try to learn . he spot the haunt boy from last night . a wild look in the boy' eye : blank , angry . all the child except for haunted Boy be duly repeat the alphabet . saroo look sideways , fascinate by he . haunted Boy sway back and forward , rub he hair and forehead , look like a pressure cooker about to explode . he upturn he desk , wail a primal howl of pure distress . teacher what be this ? the teacher start raining blow upon haunted Boy . at first haunted Boy just take it , through clench tooth - - then he go completely crazy , and fight back . the teacher fight back even harder , scream for help . all the kid back away in a wide circle , scared , horrify . saroo , try to shrink within himself . 29 as the horrible struggle continue and two male teachers rush in and help beat down haunted Boy - saroo watch wide - eye - - live SOUND fade , and a beautiful , haunt little Hindi folk song rise - amita 's voice in pre - lap - int . younger dorm , liluah - night saroo lie listen , soothed , as amita softly sing . the song become the audio '' bed '' as we travel over the landscape of the various child in this hold room of lose soul : hand cover in scab , eye all stare . listen . not a child in this room have any idea of they fate . the song hold it all together : for this one moment , all be soothed . on saroo : gradually , he eye close . fade to black . over the black , a super : three month later hard CUT into : int . younger dorm , liluah - morning jolting awake out of the dreamy song be saroo , be shake -— staff member you . you have to come . sleepy saroo be confuse : what on earth could this mean ? int . reception room , liluah - soon after we travel behind saroo as he 's lead into a outer room balcony . kindly Mrs sood stand as he enter . mrs sood good morning , saroo . he take she in . angel of mercy or angel of death ? she 's that woman he briefly notice on that first day in the mess hall . mrs sood ( cont ’d ) my name be Mrs sood . sit. sit. ( he sit , warily ) I run a organization call issa . ( in English : ) the '' indian Society for sponsorship and adoption . '' ( then say it in Hindi -) saroo listen , brow furrow , a little astonished that this woman be talk to he as if he 's a adult . 30 mrs sood ( cont 'd ) this place be a home for the deform . for the mentally ill . for juvenile delinquent . or where parent who can not cope leave they child . but you be none of that . you be lose . I like to make sure there 's no one here who should be - elsewhere . that 's why I be here . Annoying they . helping you . ( beat ; open he file ) I have be investigate you case for a while now - we even place this ad in all the Calcutta newspaper when you arrive here - she show he a cut of a small classified ad in Sanskrit , with that photo of saroo we recognize from the police station and , in English , '' indian Society for sponsorship and adoption , 1 kyd Street , Calcutta '' . saroo stare at the photo of himself . fascinate . mrs sood ( cont 'd ) Fifteen million people read this . that 's many , many people . ( beat ) not one reply , I be afraid . saroo I come from far away . mrs sood not one reply . it 's a harsh truth and she do not hide it . saroo , desperate . saroo ammi ? [ mummy ] mrs sood no ... no ammi . saroo just sit there . shock . silence . a long beat . mrs sood ( cont 'd ) saroo , do you know where Australia be ? saroo look confuse . mrs sood ( cont 'd ) we find a family there who could look after you . as saroo pull back - what ? - Mrs sood get that he understand this mean the search be over . 31 mrs sood ( cont 'd ) come . sit here . saroo say nothing . Falls deeper into numbness . Mrs sood pull he onto she lap . show he a little flip book of photo , send by the prospective parent . mrs sood ( cont 'd ) would you like to see they ? ( flipping through ) look . that 's '' John '' . that 's '' Sue '' . this be the house . [ etc . ] saroo study they , intensely . on the photo : John and Sue , white , smile . saroo 's room . the live room . the garden . mrs sood ( cont 'd ) they live on a little island call tasmania . full of very nice people . ( beat ) they look nice , do not they ? saroo shake he head meekly , no. Mrs sood stroke he hair gently , once . get serious . mrs sood ( cont 'd ) saroo . you can not stay here . a tear roll down saroo 's face . saroo I want ammi . mrs sood I know you do . it 's hard . she set he down . take out the photo of John and Sue . mrs sood ( cont 'd ) will you take this ? look after it , until the next time I see you ? saroo nod bravely . take the photo in he tiny hand . mrs sood ( cont 'd ) do not lose it . saroo nod , slip it into he little back pocket . he walk to the door , head down , deject . he turn . a huge question - you can see it in every fibre of he be . saroo do you really look you hardest ? she nod solemnly . 32 mrs sood under every rock . saroo stand there . hanging onto she gaze like a lifeboat . mrs sood ( cont 'd ) you can hold they in you heart , always . but now you have a new home , if you want it . saroo look away . a deep breath , almost a sigh . ext . liluah courtyard - day two kide play a joyless game - other pace the yard and lurk , b/g - while saroo sit against a decaye wall at the yard edge . amita beside he - hold that photo of Sue and John . on the photo : already , it 's batter and fray and fold . amita study it , with the fiercest interest . say nothing - but know everything . nodding . know he 's go . know how lucky he be . she look up at the cloud through the wire mesh open roof . saroo look up there too . a silent communion between the two . then - almost formally - amita take the tiny ganesh medallion from around she neck . put it around saroo 's neck . not cheap and touristy , but ancient -look , and wear - almost like something dig up from a archeological dig . amita ganesh will look after you . he 's the god of new beginning . saroo take she hand in he . they sit there , side by side . int . simple HOTEL suite , dine table - soon after ( night ) we track through a pleasant , simply furnish hotel suite to find saroo and two other orphan sit , a little stiffly , at a table set in western style : knife , fork , spoon in the proper order , butter dish , salt and pepper shaker , etc . as they eat , Mrs sood be give they a last- minute lesson . mrs sood ( in English ) '' fork '' . saroo proudly hold up he fork , grin . mrs sood ( cont 'd ) good . '' knife '' ? the orphan boy hold up the knife . 33 Mrs sood point to the salt shaker . orphan girl ( tentative ) '' Salt ... '' mrs sood ( in English ) salt. good . she point to the pepper . orphan girl rack she brain . saroo ( jump in ) '' peppa ... '' it 's the funniest word they have ever hear . the three child giggle , repeat the word . int . qantas jumbo jet - day close with saroo as he step into the enormous interior of a qantas jet . awestruck . everything so gleam and new - just like saroo himself , wear that hilarious '' tasmania and its territory '' tee-shirt from the Long Way Home book cover . his minder settles he and sit beside he . on saroo : what a world . the seat . the seatbelt . the magazine pocket . the window shade . the overhead light . qantas attendant would he like a kid 's kit ? minder thank you . she hand the kit to the minder . then a extra surprise : qantas attendant would you like a cadbury bar , little man ? saroo ( take it from she ) cadbury . he look at the minder , who nod yes , you can open it . saroo open the purple wrapper . blown away by what chocolate look like up close . he bite into it . int . qantas jumbo jet - soon after ( day ) take -off . we study this tiny 5 - year -old , glue to the window as the plane lift off . 34 int . qantas jumbo jet - soon after ( day ) Pov from window : all of Calcutta . so tiny down there . int . qantas jumbo jet - later ( day ) the astonish view from 30,000 foot . saroo 's be glue to that window for hour . the earth be vast . saroo pull down the window blind . pull it up again . saroo turn , look at he sleep minder . look back at the window . blind down , blind up . look back out the window . int . corridor , hobart airport - day we be close behind saroo 's shoulder as the minder guide he along a corridor , flanke by a airport official . we round the corner of the corridor and enter - int . conference room , hobart airport - continuous ( day ) - where JOHN ( 32 ) and sue ( 29 ) brierley stand up anxiously - everyone just stand there for a moment - so tentative - minder hello . I be swarmina . JOHN ( softly ) I be John . this be Sue . saroo have retreat behind swarmina 's leg - he hold on for dear life and peer out shyly . Wide -ey . first boy on Mars . Sue kneel gently . a lifetime of wait brim in she eye . she look down on saroo with as much astonishment as he she . sue hi there . saroo still clutches the half - eat cadbury bar from earlier . saroo ( deadpan ) cadbury . it do not get more awkward . or beautiful . sue it 's a cadbury , John . 35 i/e. car / the brierley 's STREET - day we're in the car with we new nuclear family , in the back seat with saroo ( Pov ) . he look at the pass row of brown suburban home - neat lawn - sprinkler . so unlike India . Sue watch saroo in the central mirror : he curiosity and he amazement . int . brierley home - minute later ( day ) we be behind saroo as he enter the house , awed , alert , curious . Sue and John gently prod - JOHN that 's okay - have a look around - saroo be goggle - eye . Sue give run commentary wherever he go . whatever he look at . this be the live room . that 's the television . [ etc ...] the clean white bench . the shiny refrigerator . saroo step up to the fridge . he look back to Sue : May I ? he open the door . the colourful glory of western grocery . stands there , mouth open , simply stunne . shut it gently . int . saroo 's bedroom , brierley home - minute later ( day ) saroo 's bedroom . a box of toy . saroo look up at Sue and John , not quite believe he eye : can I touch this ? sue they be yours . JOHN you can play with they . but saroo just stand there , lose in a moment of fully take in he parent . John brierley . Sue brierley . White martian . saroo blink twice . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( kneel ) here you go . ( push a truck ) you have a go , son . saroo pick it up . simply study its wheel . spin one . he 's too overwhelm , too shy , to play immediately . look up at he parent again . 36 JOHN ( cont 'd ) see how the door open . look . like this . John demonstrate the truck door . saroo like that . he open and close the tiny door . he put the truck on the ground - push it along . get lose in the activity . then he look up . as he take in the room once more , something on the wall catch he attention : - a detailed map of india . saroo recognize the triangle , all that dense information , though he can no more understand write English than he could the bengali on that map in the police station back in Calcutta - sue that 's right . that 's where you come from . look . this be India . this be Calcutta , here . saroo ( one word he recognize ) cal-cutta . he stare politely at the incomprehensible map . int . dine room , brierley home - night dinner time : saroo nervous , polite , calm , as they eat . head barely above the table . take in the place setting . as saroo chew , he look up at he new parent . Grins. saroo ( point ) peppa . Sue and John share a proud smile . sue that 's right . that 's the pepper . int . bathroom , brierley home - night Sue ladle water over saroo . he 's fascinate with everything : the water , the warmth , this gentle woman , this bath toy . sue Close you eye . she motion to he : close you eye . for a instant , he look at she warily . remember noor. 37 sue ( cont 'd ) go on . it 's okay . he look into she eye . he have to trust . he can trust . he close he eye . Sue pour a saucepan of water slowly over he head . the steam come off he . it 's like some exotic baptism . you can see he whole body - he whole be - relax . he open he eye . sue ( cont 'd ) ( eager , encourage ) good ? saroo smile . sue ( cont 'd ) you have come so far . have not you ? my little one . he stare up at she with that huge dark eye . sue ( cont ’d ) I do not imagine it 's be easy . one day , you make sure to tell I all about it . tell I everything . who you be . I will always listen . he squeeze the alligator . it squeak . he pull back , amused . Sue notice John at the door - he have be quietly stand there the whole time - and a beautiful warmth spread between the three . so this be what it feel like - to be a family . high aerial - wineglass BAY - day down there , a small yacht race towards a shelter bay . over this , a super : one year later . ext . the suzie / wineglass BAY - day the modest boat - lovingly maintain - skip across the water . her name - suzie - paint on the side . John teach saroo how to sail . saroo be deeply absorb - he little face earnest . Sue - the wind in she hair - watch they with unconceal delight . ext . beach , wineglass BAY - day CUT in hard on little saroo diving into frame , make a overdramatic lunge , catch a ball on the soft sand . 38 JOHN ( 0.s. ) howzat ! the brierley play cricket on a curve of white sand , at the extraordinarily beautiful wineglass Bay . the small family boat be moor nearby , in the azure water . with a child 's wooden cricket bat , Sue hit the ball high in the air in a graceful arc that force saroo to really sprint . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( excited commentator ) it 's go for six ! no , young saroo 's under it ! - saroo leap for the ball again - dive into the water 's edge as he catch it - saroo howzat ! sue bravo ! JOHN ( commentator ) ohhhh ! saroo brierley have do the impossible ! Australia win on the final ball of the day ! let 's look at the slow motion replay ! saroo mum ! mum , look at I ! saroo 's victory dance . his English come naturally now . laugh , Sue get she camera - saroo pose - a miniature hero - for a victory pic . int . hobart airport - day close on a child 's draw - a house , a tree , the sun , two adult , a brown child - and another brown face , look out from a airplane window high above . wider : saroo hold up the draw like a banner - a kind of '' welcome '' offer . point at the figure -— saroo mum. dad. me. mantosh . Sue and John , expectant . but not as nervous as last year . mantosh ( 8 ) enter with the same minder from last year . minder hello again ! saroo - my goodness ! ( beat ) this be mantosh . 39 mantosh look wild and feral - something not quite right . saroo see it instantly : see it before John and Sue . JOHN mantosh - I be John . this be Sue . and this be you brother saroo . say hello , saroo . saroo say nothing ; gently hand the draw to mantosh . mantosh do not even take it , do not even look at it . saroo , perplex , glance at Sue . the minder smile at Sue . but you can see she 's have a tough 24 hour , and know there 's something 's wrong with this kid . audio ( B /g , faint ) : John and Sue make small - talk with the minder , along the line of '' you have a nice flight ? '' etc . but down here at kid level , all of saroo 's focus be on this wire boy whose eye dart crazily , whose hand be scar and scabbed . saroo be basically think , '' what the hell have we get here ? '' [ in mantosh , we get the visual and behavioral echoe with haunted Boy in liluah too . ] int . saroo 's bedroom , brierley home - day saroo stand freeze and freak out in he own bedroom , eye wide open - listen to a great commotion along the hall . saroo lean to he open door - peek out - int . hallway leading to live room - continuous ( day ) reverse of that : a sliver of the chaos in the live room - - ( saroo 's Pov ) Sue in silhouette , freeze - as beyond she , mantosh scream like a banshee for no apparent reason . a child 's cricket bat fly across the room , clatter against the china cabinet - as John lunge to protect it - JOHN woh woh woh woh ! hang on , sunshine - mantosh ransack he own new toy - tasmanian devil style . JOHN ( cont 'd ) careful with the furniture , mate . mantosh start to hit himself , scream . lose breath . Sue and John try to calm he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) C ’mon . breathe . deep breath . 40 back on saroo : in he sliver of doorway , watch the scene up the hallway , he simply close he eye . CUT to black . int . dark hallway , into kitchen , brierley home - night we track out of the blackness along the hall , into the dark live room - and the OPEN kitchen over there . a night light in the kitchen illuminate Sue , stand at the sink . still . her arm hang limp . exhausted . mute . saroo stand behind she , watch . ( she have not hear he . ) he step beside she . reaches up , take she hand . she snap out of it , look down on he . it 's all right , say the look on he face . a private communion . the son comforting the mother . then , as if remember she duty to look after he , Sue pull saroo close , cradle he head . they stand there , a silent tableau . music ( pre - lap into next scene ) rise over end of this , into ext . wineglass BAY - day ( 2010 ) deep blue water , infuse with glint of sunlight . saroo ( now 26 ) break the surface . contented . relaxed . completely at home in the water , he float onto he back , at one with the sea and the sun . this be paradise ... Super : 25 year later he swim smoothly to the shore . haul he sailboard upright . aerial - hobart street - late afternoon / dusk we track high above a car as it glide down the freeway - int . hobart waterside restaurant - day saroo , John and Sue sit in a busy restaurant - glass wall , wine glass tinkling , sunlight bounce off the harbour . there 's a fourth place- set , untouched . clearly this be a huge moment - they son be leave . John pour the champagne . saroo , observe the ritual . Sue , she eye sparkling , to saroo , be : the champagne - be not this exciting ? saroo it 's only Melbourne ... 4l JOHN ( joke ) it 's across the water . they hold they glass up . respect and care in this family . sue saroo . beautiful boy . May this bring you all you can wish for . JOHN and then some . saroo thanks mum . thanks dad. sue you come into we life . saroo - mum ! - sue I be not finish . you be more than we ever hope for . on saroo : okay , mum 's get serious . head down — embarrassed , but touch . sue ( cont 'd ) more work , that 's for sure . they laugh . sue ( cont ’d ) from the moment we first see you - she take John 's hand . JOHN that great big eye - Sue and John smile at each other . sue and now look at you - just look at you ... JOHN you be a good lad , saroo . sue we be proud of you , and excited for you , for this new chapter . JOHN ( toast ) to success . 42 at this moment the waiter come up . waiter ( on the unused set ) be you still wait on someone ? or can I take this away ? saroo you can take it away . sue you can leave it , thanks . saroo no , take it . the waiter , uncertain . sue ( tight ) I would like to keep it , thanks . beat . well , that decide it . saroo you do not really think he 'il turn up , do you ? JOHN just let it be , son . Sue put on she brave smile . take another sip of champagne . sue ( to John ) this be a nice one , love . John put he hand on she hand . saroo look lovingly at Sue . she 's brave and beautiful . i/e . mazda / run - down house - afternoon saroo pull up at a run-down shack that sit alone in a huge eucalyptus forest by the sea - a isolationist 's dream . ext . ( through to int . ) run - down house - second later we follow saroo as he step through the open front door into mantosh 's forlorn home . saroo mantosh ? as saroo walk straight through to the back door - it 's not a big house - we take in the bare - bone , rundown interior - 43 - saroo note , in pass , all the messy drug paraphernalia on the '' coffee table '' ( a old door on two milk crate ) - ext . backyard , run - down house - continuous ( afternoon ) - through to the back - and there , in a patch of sunlight in the unkempt , scrappy yard , sit adult mantosh on a log . smoke a hand - roll cigarette , drink instant coffee . saroo come over . wariness between the two . mantosh : wiry , edgy , nervy . static electricity come off this guy . mantosh yeah , sorry I do not make lunch . beat . saroo , edgy . mantosh ( cont 'd ) what 's the course again ? saroo Hotel management . mantosh so you be gonna learn to , what - manage a hotel ? ( beat ) well , have fun . saroo do not answer . saroo any bill you need to pay ? mantosh some cash have be good . this be not even take seriously . saroo you be on you own now . mantosh I be good at that . ( beat ) hey , you can give I a job when you come back . saroo cut the shit . just - please , could you not do anything while I be go - mantosh - yeah , yeah - 44 saroo - that 's go to make mum even more unhappy . mantosh ( incredulous ) mate . why do you think I stay away ? aerial - hobart airport - afternoon music . clean Pov of a tarmac , fall away as we lift off . higher aerial - tasmania - afternoon High above this luscious island . the green wilderness of tasmania . the ocean , come into view . int . qantas domestic flight - afternoon close on saroo : at he window , look down over that ocean . reflective . the nomad , off again . he pull the window blind down . then up . down . up. do not he do that once long ago ? fade to black super : melbourne , australia int . rmshm auditorium - day well - light stage . a impressive , modern feel . mid-address , the provost welcome 100 new student to a elite course at the Royal Melbourne College of Hotel management . provost you have be select from around the world . a world that 's open up faster than we could ever have imagine . on saroo : he scan the room . student of all race . he spot a cluster of indian student . provost ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) we see ourselves as the United Nations of hospitality school , and we like to think we teach a balanced and global perspective . - saroo study the indian student . we feel ever so slightly he intrigue - as memory awaken from the deep . provost ( 0.8 ) ( cont ’d ) you be here because you have a dream . we be here to help you make that dream a reality . 45 int . rmshm auditorium , aisle - later induction over . the aisle between the seat be crowded . saroo shuffles along shoulder to shoulder with other student of many race . he hear fragment of Hindi - it strike he how many indian student there be . he nod neutral hellos to they . saroo eavesdrop as a indian student on she cell phone excitedly call she ammi . saroo be stick at the end of a row . opposite he - also stick - be a beautiful young woman - lucy ( late 20' ) . she meet he eye . they step forward together . a mirror-moment . int . rmshm classroom - day open mid on Lucy - we be in a round - robin discussion in a tutorial of about fifteen student , assort age and background . a non - anglo tutor . lucy - so I see first -hand how the hospitality industry bring infrastructure to community that really need it . but I also see the problem that cause . which be why community group really need to be involved , every step of the way . and take seriously . and I think - I could help give they a voice . saroo , watch , listen , entrance by this beautiful , idealistic woman . lucy ( cont 'd ) not try to prevent progress , but convince developer there be benefit to be sustainable and community orient . tutor ( amused , encourage ) why not think big ? lucy ( laugh ) absolutely . in return , the labour force would be more consistent and better train and more motivate . win-win . tutor so you want to be ... the tutor consider . 46 tutor ( cont 'd ) - a community liaison consultant ? lucy that sound good ! done . she look to saroo : he turn next . saroo I want to run hotel that put all the profit into my pocket . some laughter . some frown . saroo be only joke . Lucy grin at he . a tickle of chemistry . tutor let 's start with where you be from . saroo tassie . prama '' tazzy " ? saroo tasmania . across the water . tutor so bear in Australia . saroo ( resistant ) umm ... kolkata . prama I have cousin that live there . they be quite mad . bharat which part ? saroo 's sudden discomfort . it 's be a long time , and even talk about it be stir up memory . saroo I be adopt . I be not really indian . he inadvertently come across as a little rude - as if he would not want to be indian . bharat and prama feel it . Lucy dispel the grow tension . lucy you love cricket though , right ? saroo of course . 47 bharat you do not support the aussy , do you ? saroo only the aussy , mate . bharat and prama look alarmed . bharat this be go to be interesting ! they all smile . tutor ( get it back on track ) and why be you do this course , saroo ? what do you hope to get out of it ? saroo refocus , ponder the question . he smile at the tutor - try to find the elusive answer . ext . flinder 's STREET , melbourne - day saroo walk in the afternoon light . a metropolis strangely like Howrah . the hum and energy , the traffic , distant train sound . int . saroo 's student apartment - day silence . a sudden sense of isolation . saroo go to the window . ten storey down , the busy city with its entice energy . ext . indian share flat - dusk beer in hand , saroo climb the exterior stair of a 70 's block , where a long balcony lead along the third floor . as he reach the landing , he see Lucy at the far end - come up the opposite identical stair . like mirror again . struck by the serendipity again - and saroo strike by Lucy 's beauty - they burst into smile . as they arrive at the door , bollywood music can be hear . they can not resist the '' mirror '' temptation - they knock on the door in unison , crack up . int . indian share flat , live room - dusk prama open the front door to saroo and Lucy - prama hi! come in , come in — 48 Inside , bharat greet they and introduce some fellow student . make sure we hear Lucy 's name here , as she have not be introduce anywhere else . sami ( 24 ) and annika ( 30 ) . a bollywood movie play b/g . a great spread of indian food already on the table . lucy wow , something smell amazing ! bharat ah - saroo - Lucy - this be sami - and annika . everyone shake hand , say '' hi '' . prama ( challenge saroo ) you do eat indian food ...? later the food serve indian-style . saroo watch Lucy - and the other - eat with they hand . he look lose . Lucy 's no expert , but she 's give it a go . she raise she eyebrow at saroo , amused at he inaction . bharat slide a fork across the table to saroo . bharat ( to Lucy ) so why be it call taxi to tomorrow ? prama ( to saroo ) it 's easy , come on try it . ( eat with she hand ) on saroo : he put down he cutlery . lucy okay , I say flashlight - ( to annika ) - you say -— annika lampe de poche . lucy ( to saroo ) you say —- saroo torch . 49 prama ( to saroo ) do you speak Hindi ? bharat why would he , he 's from tazzie . flashlight be ... bharat say flashlight , in Hindi . on saroo : a flash of recognition , that feel he have not feel in so many year . tries eat with he hand . a mirror of the '' peppa '' scene . lucy and what 's '' taxi '' ? bharat taxi . annika taxi . lucy see ? it 's the same in every language . saroo ( joke ) unless you take a cab . Lucy give he a '' thanks very much '' look . sami ( to Lucy ) I still think you be crazy . I would be terrify to live anywhere in Africa . lucy ( to saroo ) have you travel much ? saroo shake he head . saroo who want another beer ? saroo escape into a role he 's familiar with . int . indian share flat , hallway & kitchen - continuous we follow saroo along the hallway , past the homely decoration the Indians have put up in a short space of time -— - and through to the kitchen . as saroo move to the fridge he see a tray of jalebis - that deep golden - orange spiral from the far recess of he memory . 50 he stare at they . his mind spin . retrieving the memory . he 's not just strike . he 's thunderstruck . slam CUT : memory , khandwa market back on that day more than 20 year earlier when saroo and guddu swap the steal coal for warm milk . the jalebis sizzling in the vat - a unattainable feast . saroo ( nudge guddu ) guddu ... jalebis ... guddu look at they too ; for a beat we see beyond the boy 's deep hunger - they be just kid , yearn for a sweet . then guddu make light of it - with bravado : guddu one day , I be go to buy you one ! saroo ( playful , cheeky ) one day , let 's buy the whole vat ! guddu laugh at this ... but both boy steal another glance , salivate at this sizzling utopia . int . indian share flat , kitchen - continuous stare intensely at the orange spiral sweet , saroo slowly reach he hand forward - reach back in time - towards this unattainable thing he never get to taste . he pick one up , study it . as if it 's some mystical communion wafer . he put it to he mouth . bite into it . the significance of the moment hit he hard - he be eat for guddu too . just then Lucy enter . something not right here ... saroo ( barely a whisper ) «+. j jalebis ... Lucy look concerned . lucy saroo ? we be tight on the two . 51 saroo ( like a confession ) I be not from kolkata . she move closer . Gentle . careful . saroo ( cont ’d ) I be lose . they notice bharat have enter . int . indian share flat , live room - later same night the mood be completely different . respectful and intrigue . prama you must have be freaking . Howrah Station 's enormous ! I go through on pilgrimage to puri - I miss my connection twice . lucy and you could not speak bengali ? saroo I do not even know it be call that . bharat how long be you on the train ? saroo a couple of day . some squabbling and cross-referencing in Hindi - and through it , as they throw in they two cent worth , some moment in saroo 's eye . the long -forgotten music of the language . bharat what be you home town again ? saroo '' ganestlay '' . but I must have have it wrong , it do not exist . bharat you must remember something about it . saroo the platform I fall asleep on have a big rain tank . sami there be thousand of station ... saroo have never speak about this before . he 's start to tense up . Lucy be aware of he discomfort . 52 saroo yeah . look , that 's all in the past . bharat no , no . we find out how fast passenger train go back then . we take the speed and multiply it by the hour you be on the train , and create a search radius . prama totally . and have you hear of this new program , Google Earth ? it 's incredible - you can see anywhere in the world . sami it would take three lifetime to search all the station in India . bharat not all the station - sami okay , half the station . saroo , squirming with all this focus on he past . saroo really guy , it be a long time ago . sami do you think you parent try to find you ? prama of course they do ! sami no , I just mean , if he family look for he , maybe they leave , like , a paper trail . bharat he do not even know he surname . saroo and my mum could not read or write . a small silence . Lucy move closer to saroo . they share a smile . sami what do she do ? 53 saroo ( more to Lucy ) she be like - a labourer . it do not exactly compute - for this modernize indian kid with money to study abroad . sami you mum ? sami 's naivety have cross a line . saroo fight back . saroo ( blunt ; as if sami be the thick one ) yeah . she carry rock . bharat glare at sami - shut up . bharat that 's cool . prama ( weakly ) yeah . cool . ext . melbourne STREET - later , same night saroo and Lucy walk in the street . silence . lucy my mom die four year ago . Cancer . saroo I be sorry . she glance at he . he 's sincere , not just be polite . she open up further - lucy my dad still blame she . not for get sick , obviously . for refuse chemo . saroo wow . lucy she know herself . she know she term . how she want to live . ( beat - morbid humour : ) dad 's attitude be , there 's only so much a juice cleanse can do . saroo smile at it . saroo and what be you attitude ? 54 a pause , as Lucy consider the question , and come up finally with the only possible answer - here in the present : lucy I miss she . you can see in she eye how deeply this be true . then she glance up at he , change direction , deflect it : lucy ( cont 'd ) you miss yours ? but saroo himself have about eleven force - field around he . saroo I guess . lucy what about you dad ? saroo he walk out on we . take another wife . Lucy shake she head - crazy world . lucy any brother or sister ? saroo two brother and a sister . it be a long time ago . all a bit vague . he casually shrug it away , as if the length of time be sufficient explanation for the vagueness . and then : saroo ( cont ’d ) but there 's mantosh . in tassie . he 's adopt too . they walk . lucy ( cont 'd ) so what do you think of bharat 's search radius idea ? saroo I do not know . lucy ( ironic enthusiasm ) I think it sound promise . saroo nod , but it 's noncommittal , a little distant . lucy ( cont 'd ) you all right ? 55 saroo look vulnerable ; then suddenly he grin , and head - bobble to she - indian style . lucy ( cont 'd ) oh my god . you be so wrong ! and suddenly , shaking himself out of the past - play to Lucy - flirt with she - saroo pull a few dance move , mock - bollywood style . Lucy laugh , embarrassed but impressed . and even though it 's momentarily playful , they both know that something deep have connect they . int . saroo 's student apartment - later , same night saroo , alone in the dark - despite the spark with Lucy , still rattle by whatever it be the jalebis have open up in he . ext . indian dream quarry ( flashback ) we be in that mythic , prehistoric , dust - shroud landscape . worker all around load rock into old wooden hod . saroo be run across the rubble , white with dust himself . everything heighten and surreal . saroo ammi ! ammi ! [ mummy ! mummy ! ] kamla come into focus , as she stand , and turn . but before we get to she , we - hard CUT back into : int . saroo 's student apartment - continuous ( night ) we can just make out saroo 's face , as he sit in the dark . saroo ( whisper ) ammi ... ammi ... the pain of memory . a sudden intense expulsion of breath . int . live music gig - night a wall of music . the band , sweat , pulsing , lose in the frenzy of instrument . a crowd of dance people . saroo and Lucy , sweaty , trance , deep ... they eye lock - a different kind of connection - visceral - almost alarming . they ride the music . now a change of mood - the music shift - haunt . 56 saroo and Lucy hold each other up , enjoy the public intimacy . they eye meet - they hesitate - - this be real , the connection between they - - to surrender or not , that 's the question - - they go for it . Hand to hand , forehead to forehead -— - again , a mirror - physically connect this time . a transformative moment - - they sense , so alive - - so close , blur into one . int . saroo 's student apartment - night e/c/u : saroo run he finger slowly along the line on Lucy 's marble white arm and palm . wider : we be in a tender post-coital darkness . Lucy drift into sleep . memory , forest , khandwa sound of the forest . laugh child . close on 5 - year - old saroo , face a tree , he hand cover he face , but grin through he finger . saroo here I come ! ... he turn . beam . pretend to look here and there . saroo ( cont ’d ) where be she ? where could she be ? hiding , shekila try not to squeal with anticipation . suddenly saroo swoops down and discover she - saroo ( cont ’d ) ( like a lion ) roaargh !! - and shekila shriek she delighted lung out too . such a beautiful release of energy . then another roar from behind , and it 's kamla , playfully catch the two of they off-guard . 57 they all tumble and wrestle , squealing , laugh . sound of the leave crunching , the wind in the tree ... shekila notice on she arm - a ladybird . the tiny delicate insect . sound of a bird call , clear , in the forest canopy . she and saroo watch the ladybird , entrance ... int . saroo 's student apartment - continuous the sound of play and forest trail into saroo , now sit up on the edge of the bed . stare into the darkness . his head racing , he heart pound . he breathes . jump CUT : saroo be stand now . in the dark . just stand there . he stare over at he laptop . something 's call he . he sit at he desk . a haunt look . Hit enter . the screen - saver open to he default page , Google . on screen : - he type '' indian train station water tank '' as a search . a hodgepodge of result , as you have expect . assorted image of water tower . he click on a couple . it 's not that none look like the one in he memory . it 's that they all look fairly similar . in the search bar he type '' dam India '' . again , a mix bag of random result . image of giant hydro - electric work . he click on a aerial shot of one . in the bottom corner of the image , he notice : - a logo . '' copyright Google Earth '' . curious , he click on it . Google Earth open . the address bar : www.google.com/earth. on screen : that now - so-familiar Google glow - we Earth - beautiful blue sphere suspend in pure black space . to either side of it , the menus and control . saroo stare at it all . how do this work ? use he track pad , he click the arrow . the globe '' spin '' . slowly at first . work out how it work . then around the curve of the planet come India - that familiar triangle that be on he wall all of he childhood . he stare at it . as if it might give he some information . 58 [ note : during all such scene we be intercutting back and forth between saroo and screen . ] he hit the '' plus '' symbol and start to zoom inwards again . at a certain point he spot Calcutta ( or '' kolkata '' , by 2010 ) . down , down . closer . the Earth come closer . saroo 's '' memory map '' : 1 - water tower ( night ) the loom water tower , that night on burhanpur platform . [ note : this memory map be saroo 's vivid , clear memory - the landmark that will act as he geographical '' locator '' . ] saroo 's '' memory map '' : 2 - dam ( day ) wide : the dam , the long dam wall . two little silhouettes ( guddu , saroo , distant , frolick ) emerge from the water . saroo 's '' memory map '' : 3 - underpass ( day ) wide : Little saroo run into the distinctive underpass near khandwa Station . saroo 's '' memory map '' : 4 - alleyway to home ( day ) we follow over little saroo 's shoulder , sprinting down the narrow alley to home , past the house with the lurid aqua wall , past the overflow bougainvillea . saroo ammi ! ammi ! int . saroo 's student apartment - continuous on the screen - saroo see the great river - the hooghly , we can see it 's call - that slice Calcutta in half , much like Paris or London . the river , closer . we can make out crowded city block now . saroo the bridge ... there it be . the hooghly Bridge . and there : Howrah Station . saroo ( cont 'd ) no way . his emotion up in he throat . on screen : the float label say '' Howrah Station '' . there it be . all the platform . all the track lead out . saroo , in awe , devour all this visual information . 59 now , inch from the screen . tiny jump cut : saroo squinting at the speck on the platform : each speck a person , but lo-re , grainy , coarse . something hypnotic about it - the graininess , the little circle spin as the pixel clarify and sharpen . saroo hunch over , rapidly master this control . learn how to scroll and '' track '' . he scroll along the track lead out from Howrah Station . but now - remember - he imagine what it must have be like for he brother - to find he miss - imagined memory , platform , burhanpur station the out -of-focus stretch of the empty burhanpur platform , four in the morning . c/u guddu walk up into frame , into focus . the moment that he see that saroo be not there . his panic surge . guddu saroo ?! saroo ?! his panic rise , he run , search , continue to scream . int . saroo 's student apartment - continuous guddu 's scream ( audio ) trail into the beginning of this scene , as we find saroo overcome by that scream . his head racing . his heart pound . his breath catch in he chest . lucy ( 0.s. ) be you okay ? he nod . switch off the computer . this be too hard . she 's sit up in bed , watch he . her great , dark eye . her tangle of dark hair . she 's a goddess . he dive back into bed , back into the sensuality , the physical warmth , the miraculous present moment . saroo I be now . aerial - high above hobart - day gliding high above beautiful hobart : across the water of the wide derwent River , as we come across the city itself . super : one year later 60 ext . beach house - day a old - fashioned beach house right on the sand . outdoor stair lead up to the front door , which be on the first floor . int . bathroom & bedroom , beach house - continued saroo 's in the shower . sing to himself . saroo and Lucy 's home - nothing expensive but evidence everywhere of care , taste , and a nest impulse . saroo dry himself . towel around he waist . walk into the bedroom . start up he laptop . on screen : India . he scroll randomly along a railway track ; then stop at a station . the laptop struggle to render the image - the rotate hour - glass spin and spin ... saroo look frustrated - he old laptop be crap . Lucy hurry in . all dress up . corporate . sparkle . saroo wow . look at you . she do a spin . saroo ( cont ’d ) you hem 's down ... lucy ( panic ) oh God . it 's so long since I wear this . ( beat ) have you get a stapler ? he get one . staples she hem for she . she notice the computer struggle to render . say nothing . saroo ( reassure she ) they 's 11 love you . he start kissing she neck . lucy I have not get time ... saroo keep kissing she , nuzzling - Lucy reciprocate . later 61 saroo 's alone - eat toast - dress in he Assistant manager 's suit - name -pin on he lapel . he return to the laptop - the hourglass be still spin ! he 's incredulous - shake he head in disbelief . int . convention room , hobart grand HOTEL - day we follow saroo ( in a suit ) into a large convention room which be at this moment burst with activity . the space be fill with staff set big round table with perfectly starch table cloth , vase , table number etc . saroo Peter - have you get the individual place card too ? peter I be on it . saroo ( to another worker ) Michael - take three people with you to the load dock . the flower have arrive . Michael head off . saroo stand there surveying he domain . close : he shift he tie , stretch he neck . we suddenly see how uncomfortable he look . something not quite right . he start stride fast out of the convention room - ext . STREET outside one -room home , khandwa ( flashback ) - and suddenly we be behind little saroo ( same camera angle ) as he follow a scene of utter chaos as three policemen drag scream guddu to a paddy wagon - - shekila wail in saroo 's arm , guddu kick and scream , kamla grab at the policeman - - as they spill from inside the home to the alley outside - guddu ammi ! ammi ! [ mummy ! ] saroo guddu ! kamla you can not arrest he ! kamla lash at the policeman - we follow behind saroo as they drag guddu up the street to the wait wagon - 62 int . hallway , hobart grand HOTEL - moment later ( day ) - and now ( " reverse '' of previous shot ) we lead , tracking backwards , as saroo pick up speed - stride towards we - - and stop . pant . look around . generic hotel door . int . HOTEL room , hobart grand HOTEL - moment later ( day ) still life : a empty high - end hotel room . the door knock . saroo ( 0.s. ) housekeep . ( beat ) housekeep . the door open . saroo enter use he swipe card . he sit on the sofa . still breathe hard . ext . STREET outside one -room home , khandwa ( flashback ) neighbor be gather at they door and window , watch the commotion , as the police drag guddu from the door to a paddy wagon , guddu resisting , saroo and shekila distress - kamla guddu ! guddu ammi ! slam ! they bundle he , struggle , into the paddy wagon . his finger through the grille , he terrify eye look out . kamla he have not do anything wrong - head policeman - he be catch steal egg - kamla start scream , saroo , still hold shekila , step to the paddy wagon door . guddu saroo ! saroo be shell - shocked , he big brother be take away . he be numb , try to process it . but kamla be positively feral . as she scream and keep kick up a fuss , we be closer with guddu and saroo : guddu ( cont 'd ) saroo ! listen to I . pay attention ! saroo cry , focus on guddu , nod bravely okay . 63 guddu ( cont 'd ) whatever happen , you need to be strong - nothing can break we if we stick together - kamla rattles the paddy wagon door , fearless , feral . kamla arrrrggghh ! ... guddu I be talk about ammi . you understand ? saroo nod , yes. guddu ( cont 'd ) look after she , saroo ! do not let I down . this be all we have . we stick together - slam CUT : int . HOTEL room , hobart grand HOTEL - continuous ( day ) saroo walk it off , pace . he shake it out of himself . get a grip . time to get back to work . int . khandwa prison - night ( flashback ) outside the prison , in the shadow , saroo sidle up to a bar window : saroo ( whisper ) guddu ! guddu ! - - he whistle a short code whistle . the code whistle come back , from ten foot further along . there 's guddu , at the next bar along . beam . guddu brother - Little saroo proudly give guddu some tomato he have steal . guddu devour they , ravenously , urgently - keep he back to the men in the cell ( B / G ) . guddu ( cont 'd ) where do you get this ? saroo merely grin . guddu ( cont 'd ) you be my hero . 64 saroo could not be prouder . guddu ( cont 'd ) but you have to go ! they will catch you ! I 'il be out soon ! go! go to ammi ! go quickly ! saroo nod , run . he be he brother 's hero . we follow little saroo for a time . sprint he heart out . gliding through the dark indian night . running . running . int . saroo & lucy 's live room - very late night saroo be now lie on the couch - laptop on he belly - the sound of he run fade from the previous scene . a ever-so- slight smile on he face . fade to black ext . empty street of hobart - dawn ( establishing ) Music hover . empty dawn street , eerily interesting . and so still . not even the bird be up yet . int . live room , beach house - continuous in the dawn light , Lucy walk into the live room , dress for a run . she find saroo , pass out on the couch , laptop still open on he belly . the neatly pile list of station and other search paraphernalia on the floor . for a moment she look concerned . then she move the laptop off he - without look at the screen . wriggles onto the couch , next to he . he groan . lucy time for a run ... saroo 's eye open - he face say '' you must be kid I ! '' ext . cradle mountain national park - day saroo and Lucy run up a steep mountain track . both hang -over , for different reason . but a combination of natural beauty , fresh air and endorphin be kick in . Lucy pull ahead - saroo grab the back of she T-shirt to hold she back - she 's laugh . lucy oh my god - you be such a bad loser ! 65 saroo manage to race past she . claim victory - we can see in he the same little kid from wineglass Bay . later we be behind saroo and Lucy , who be perch on a view spot . stretch in front of they : spectacular , expansive , glorious GREEN . and ocean beyond . they be so high up , it 's like a Google Earth view . Lucy look utterly content . close and open she big blue eye - we see this panorama through she eye in all its expansive glory . saroo 's eye be wide open too - focuss - - it 's the same view as Lucy 's - but not uninhabited - saroo 's Pov : in the distance , the tiny figure of guddu . what 's guddu do here , on mount Wellington ? in the land of the live ? guddu 's silent stare call to saroo ... Lucy - smile at saroo - realize he 's not here , with she , in the present moment . she look disappointed . worried . int . bedroom , beach house - day saroo be in the bedroom . he 's have a panic attack . tries to slow he breathe . memory , khandwa quarry kamla stand in the moonscape . she seem to be stare straight at saroo ... int . bedroom , beach house - continuous Lucy come in . lucy sweetheart ? it 's after six ... saroo squeeze he eye shut . as if he could somehow block out the present . lucy ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? saroo Fine . 66 int . sue 's art studio , brierley home - night close on small , beautiful watercolor - ethereal landscape , horizon - stack around , as Sue and Lucy step into the downstairs sun-room / studio . sue I do not usually show anyone this - lucy they be beautiful ... sue I do have fun . my secret hobby . Lucy notice , on a shelf , a jumble of trophy . at a glance , there seem to be about ten different sport here , from soccer to windsurf to cricket . sue ( cont 'd ) saroo 's . he be good at everything . lucy I have no idea . sue he be such a happy boy . Lucy look away . spot a frame family photo , pick it up gently . lucy wow , look at mantosh . on photo : saroo , mantosh , Sue and John laugh on the boat . sue yep . he be a cheeky little thing ... Lucy gaze closer at the snapshot of a lose , happy era . sue ( cont ’d ) pure energy . impossible to control . but incredible . if he could ever learn to control it , he could do anything . saroo 's very protective of he . Lucy 's find this conversation a little difficult . she have so many question she have like to ask Sue , about saroo 's childhood . sue ( cont 'd ) I have be bless ... 67 ext . upstair deck , brierley home - same time saroo on the deck with John , who 's just stack some freshly cook chop on a plate . sausage sizzling away on the grill . JOHN not party too hard ? saroo , amused by that . saroo not party at all ! JOHN you look a bit tired . saroo it 's just work . JOHN how 's it with Lucy ? saroo great . JOHN we love Lucy . saroo ( entrance by the sausage ) yep . it 's hard not to . she 's great . pause . saroo ( cont ’d ) I will get we another beer . saroo turn inside . John nod . okay . prods the meat . int . kitchen , brierley home - continuous saroo step inside . and mantosh be there , back turn , roll a cigarette as he prop the fridge door open with he leg , inspect the content . he turn as he hear the slide door . mantosh ( nervously ) be wonder where everyone be . his eye be blazing stoned . saroo take he in . saroo Jesus . you could not be a little more waste ? 68 mantosh shrug , grin . aloof bravado , but fragile underneath . just hold on : clearly it 's a big effort just to come here . at that moment Sue come up the stair with Lucy . be very happy to see mantosh . sue darling - mantosh mum ! Sue go - tentatively - to hug he . mantosh somehow manage to balance the half - roll cigarette as she enfold he . through the awkwardness , it somehow become a warm embrace . sue ( private , in he ear ) well do for come . she break the embrace - sue ( cont 'd ) this be Lucy ... lucy ( very friendly ) it 's nice to finally meet you . mantosh continue to roll he ciggie , lick the paper . sue ( nervous to confront he ) you have to smoke that outside . mantosh light the cigarette , take a deep toke . mantosh no worry . he head outside to the deck . saroo , fume , can not stand what mantosh do . he notice Sue , now readying the food in a fussy and manic way . mantosh ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey , dad ! JOHN ( 0.s. ) Son ! on Lucy . okay . right . she feel the world , between they all , in that cigarette smoke . all the space in between they . int . dine room , brierley home - later same night saroo , Lucy , John and Sue at the table , serve up . a dark cloud building over saroo . 69 lucy ( to saroo ) I see all you trophy ... saroo oh mum , you do not ? - lucy ( be : saroo ) he never tell I anything about grow up - JOHN that 's just half . I have get more in the garage . lucy ( be : saroo ) this day I can not get he off the couch . saroo ( warn ) luce -— Sue , John and Lucy quite take aback by he sudden intensity . lucy why can not you tell they what you have be do ? -— saroo - do not - sue - what 's that , love ? —- mantosh enter , even more stone , rub hand , big grin . mantosh yum , dinner ! he sit . notice the tension . and it 's not from he ! mantosh ( cont 'd ) what ? what have I miss ? saroo nothing . mantosh ( notice Lucy ) she look upset . saroo she 's not upset . 70 lucy ( to saroo ) I can speak for myself . and how do you know how I feel ? in he stone amazement , mantosh enjoy the spectacle . mantosh saroo know everything . he 's a expert . he 's a manager . saroo why be you here ? sue he 's here because he 's you brother . saroo no he 's not . we be different . so cold , matter - of - fact . for Sue , a knife in the chest . for John , a alarm -bell - it 's never be easy but this open aggression be new . mantosh go from stone amazement to deep hurt . he look rattle , vulnerable , and five year old . he stare at saroo , a deep wound open in he . saroo ( cont ’d ) ( awkward , but can not stop ) every fuck meal you do come to , you have to get waste - JOHN now , now - sue ( to saroo ) how dare you . mantosh get up - not cope - start to become wild - - John stand to soothe he - he know this routine - mantosh ( so wounded ) - I would not want to be you brother , mate — John cradle mantosh , try to talk he down . mantosh lash out - a verbal lash too , semi-coherent . John do not let go - handle it as he always have - whisper the mantra into mantosh 's face -— JOHN c’mon . breathe . Big breath . you be okay . shhh . shh . you be good , love . you be good . 71 mantosh continue mutter , distress . quite the show for Lucy - 25 year of history in a minute . sue boy ... mantosh break free , head out the door - John follow - JOHN no - mantosh - it 's all good , shh - John leave in pursuit , he throw a glance back at saroo - JOHN ( cont 'd ) - nice one , mate - Sue look to saroo : if look could kill . sue what 's go on ? saroo I hate what he do to you ! silence . Sue turn to Lucy . Lucy be trap - she hate lie , but she have to be loyal to saroo . Sue look disappointed in she . Lucy - mortify . sue ( to Lucy ) I see. ( to saroo ) whatever it be , I be warning you , I can not do it . Sue and saroo - lock together . o.s , audio : fragment of John plead ( " come on , mate , come back inside , '' etc ) . mantosh 's car start . Sue 's silence circle saroo , like a shark . int . bedroom , beach house - dawn it 's silent . Lucy 's just wake up . she 's in bed , alone . saroo 's pillow - neat . no sign he 's be in bed beside she . Lucy - lose in she thought . int . live room , beach house - continuous Lucy walk into the live room , wear saroo 's old T-shirt . she open the curtain . sunrise flood the room . saroo lock eye with she vulnerable , search stare . 72 he shut the laptop - nothing here he want to talk about . he hold she gaze . almost defiant . yep . I have be up all night . yep . this be what I be do . lucy why do not you want you parent to know ? saroo they have get enough to deal with . you see what mantosh do to they . it 's always about he . ever since he get off the plane . lucy they have support you . they have understand . saroo they would pretend to . mum have keep smile even if she be die inside . lucy because she would not want you hurt . she want to protect you . she 's a mother . beat . saroo , so mad , so sleep - deprive , turn sour on Lucy . whose side be she on ? saroo wait . do you even want I to find they ? lucy of course I do . but I be worried about you . ( beat ) about we . he walk into the kitchen . leave Lucy strand . int . luke 's place - night saroo and Lucy arrive at a party in a terrace house . loud music - a narrow , pack hallway - a crush of party guest . they greet they friend , include luke - the host . saroo 's all smile . loud and cheerful - over-play it . Lucy 's aware of he hype - up mood - concern in she eye . int . luke 's live room - continuous a short time later , Lucy be dance . saroo 's drink . look around . disconnect . 73 she beckon to he . he ignore she . wander out . she keep dance . ext . luke 's back yard - night Lucy search out saroo , who - uncharacteristically - have find a corner to be alone in . she stand in front of he . he do not look at she . how long will he actually ignore she ? she move closer - take he hand - place they on she body , under she shirt . he pull away . saroo I need a beer . as he start to move past she , she lose it . Blocks he path . lucy ( furious ) '' I need another beer . '' you always do that - saroo stop it , luce - lucy - no , you stop it ! there be party guest nearby - saroo and Lucy keep they voice low , neither of they welcoming a public drama . but now saroo disengage , infuriate she more . lucy ( cont 'd ) where be you ? he shake he head . lucy ( cont 'd ) what do that mean ? saroo ( on the public set ) I be not prepare to argue with you . lucy talk to I . be with I . saroo can this wait till we get home ... the more he try to avoid conflict , the angrier she become . 74 lucy Home ? you mean the place I live , alone ? with you - alone - in the next room ? saroo luce - lucy I move here to be with you . saroo - this be not work . lucy what be not ? saroo any of it . he move past she - int . luke 's place - continuous - and back into the loud party - and out of here - - Lucy hot on he heel - lucy saroo ! luke , watch they head for the door . ext . STREET outside luke 's place - continuous ( night ) saroo just want to get away . Lucy follow . lucy do not do this . saroo you do not get it . lucy you have to face reality . saroo what do you mean , '' reality '' ? lucy the reality that you be ruin you life ! that you be not even here ! 75 saroo do you have any idea what it 's like , know my real brother and mother spend every day of they life look for I ? lucy ( genuinely bewilder ) what ? saroo how every day they scream my name . ( beat ) and I feel they touch . I see they face . can you imagine the pain they must be in , not know where I be ? twenty - five year , luce . twenty -five ! lucy why have not you ever tell I this be happen ? saroo and we swan about in we privileged life . pretend . it make I sick . Lucy be speechless . lucy ( faint , soft ) I never stop you ... it 's as if saroo suddenly see she pain properly . and be bring back to earth . the air in he deflate . saroo listen -. Lucy -. I be sorry -. I can not do this -. ( beat ) you deserve more - lucy - do not ! do not you dare . her eye fill with tear . lucy ( cont 'd ) this be on you ! not I . saroo can not deal with she pain . he take off . this time , she do not follow . ext . hobart street - night saroo walk the street like a torment soul . 76 he can not live in two world at once . he have to choose . slowly , he despair become defiance . he 's make he choice . imagined memory , khandwa street kamla wander the street , distress . kamla saroo ! ( jump cut . ) she 's beside herself . search empty laneway . kamla ( cont 'd ) saroo ! saroo ! face everywhere . kamla look like a crazy lady . people peer out from they window and doorway . she never stop , the camera always move . a mother in panic . ext . empty suburban street , hobart - pre -dawn first hint of light . saroo just wander . he seem drain . all movement , no think . ext . khandwa river - day ( imagined memory ) kamla be by the river , amongst the prayer , the smoke , the chant . kid in the river , swim . wash . she hunt they face . kamla saroo ! wide : she search in this enormous landscape - strange , poetic , haunt - the people like ant ... kamla ( cont 'd ) saroo ! her voice drown out by the sound of a train , pass over the river . fade to black 77 int . live room , beach house - day two month later . SOUND of the sea . Bright marine light . we track through the house . it 's virtually empty . the atmosphere of a squat . no sign of homeliness , of warmth - of Lucy . a mattress on the live room floor . a master map of India on the wall . pile of print-out - list of railway station - some mark - up - most still pristine . image of water tower , train platform , under - pass . saroo - long hair , beard - have surrender to he obsession . music start - continue into a series of hard cut : - scrol ; wait for the pixel to resolve . - a blue '' train station '' symbol . - closer in : a formless , satellite - image town . - on saroo : study its feature . no , that 's not it . he stand - grab a blue pin - stick it into the map . - lean back into the screen . read the next town - - enter the name . - blue train station symbol . - another town , the surround of the train station . - he grab another blue pin - stick it into the map . - scroll . symbol . Station . pin. - scroll . symbol . Station . pin. it become a rapid montage . sound of someone hammer on the front door . ext . beach house - continuous mantosh be at the door . he look nervous , desperate , stand there count coin in he hand . he bang harder on the door . mantosh saroo , ya bastard ! silence . mantosh , listen . 78 mantosh ( cont 'd ) saroo ! ( beat ) mate , can you lend we fifty buck ? close on mantosh , sweat there at the door . he do not look good . mantosh give up knock , leave . mantosh ( cont 'd ) yeah , whatever , dude . int . live room , beach house - continuous saroo spy out of the window . as mantosh head off down the beach , he 's join by a druggie mate , who have be lurking somewhere near . the mate look to mantosh , inquisitive , well ? mantosh just shake he head , no go . they walk away . saroo turn . guddu be there , also watch mantosh . saroo and guddu look at each other . saroo return to he search . int . stationery shop , mall - day two month later . saroo - he hair longer , he beard wilder - move slowly down the aisle of a stationery shop - put box of coloured flag pin into a basket . he 's out of place in this vivid Charlie & the chocolate Factory world . he stop at the pen section , testing high - lighter . throw some different - coloured box of that in he basket . at the counter , as the item be scan , we study saroo 's face . he look exhaust . do not notice when the cashier smile at he . cashier same project ? saroo nod , with a air of defeat . ext . suburban beach - day saroo walk along the sand with he shopping . past row of suburban house , they blank window reflect the sea . 79 ext . railway track , khandwa - day ( flashback ) Little saroo on the track , proudly hold he pregnant belly of coal . guddu bustles over to he . guddu come on , hurry . Little saroo look so happy , as they trot off together . ext . beach house - continuous saroo cross the sand to the house . his face determine now . i/e. train carriage , india - day ( flashback ) saroo 's Pov : the world move past in a watercolour blur - ochre country , hill , mountain , tree - int . live room , beach house - day on screen : tracking railway line , fly above they - station after station . saroo zoom in . his hope up . he count the platform with he finger . no : yet again , that 's not it . disappointed , he zoom back out . google screen jump cut : train track after train track ... platform after platform ... SOUND of a real train , approach , come under we : ext . train line , india - day ( imagined memory ) kamla walk up to the very edge of railway track just as a train rip past very fast . a endless stream of carriage - the noise and speed violent , crazy , dangerous - but kamla show no fear . kamla saroo ! saroo ! her scream drown out by the racket of the train . she be in hell , but cannot - will not - give up . int . live room , beach house - continuous saroo mirror she desperation . he get a beer , stare at the map . a new colour be use now , for a new search zone . about 15 % of the search complete . 80 he 's suddenly aware it 's the dead of night . he feel like the only soul awake . int . food court , mall - day two month later . close on a table fill with leftover chinese food ( where some people have just finish and leave the table ) , when a SMALL indian hand come into frame , the finger scoop up the food - - we track up the arm to reveal guddu - wolfing down the food with bare hand , greatly enjoy it - and all the while stare across to - - saroo ( other side of the food court ) - who stare right back , sit in front of he untouched ( western ) meal . ext . mall - continuous saroo step onto the escalator . the light and muzak of capitalism definitely not work wonder for he . as he descend : there be someone ascend . it 's Lucy . she look ground and somehow resolve . they approach each other . Lucy see he . alarm in she eye . he look like a crazy man . saroo swing across , from he escalator to hers . as always , draw by she vivid gaze , she intense life - force . int . live room , beach house - day Lucy follow saroo up the stair . she walk in and stop dead at the sight of saroo 's '' Project '' . it 's mind -blow . a entire wall be plaster in chart , train - timetable , station - name -list , grainy image from Google Earth . on the master Wall be a big map - surround by smaller one . and all the pin ... the floor layer in book , note , clothes , take - away container . we go closer to the master Wall with Lucy , inspect it . dense trail of color draw pin on the 400 km search radius - different color for different train line . wall key : green pin = Mumbai line , red pin = nagpur line etc . but we dominant visual information : in the past 6 month , saroo have cover a fraction of the search radius . the inner circle only . 81 saroo respond to Lucy 's look of fascination and alarm . saroo theoretically it 's not infinite . she just stare at he . saroo ( cont 'd ) Lucy - I be sorry . ext . beach house - soon after saroo and Lucy sit on the beach . lucy what be she like ? saroo beautiful . he 's lose in the memory of it - stare out to the ocean , draw pattern in the sand . saroo ( cont ’d ) I have be visit she . ( beat ) every night I walk that street home - home from the dam , home from the station . I know every single step of the way . and I imagine that I be whisper in she ear . '' I be here . it 's all right . '' silence . Lucy know what he mean - she 's imagine the same thing with she own mother . saroo ( cont ’d ) how be New York ? lucy same old , same old . saroo and now ? Lucy grin . there be good news . lucy we funding come through . saroo that 's great ! see , they know how good you be . a awkward silence . 82 Lucy can not resist a moment longer - she reach out and comb he beard with she finger . her touch be like manna from heaven . saroo ( cont ’d ) I miss you - a pain beat - lucy I see you mom . she have not be well . he do not want to hear this . saroo she would freak if she see I like this . lucy you underestimate she . a long , sad pause . lucy ( cont 'd ) she need you . ext . khandwa market - day ( flashback ) a monsoon day - in the middle of a torrential downpour . a merchant ( 55 ) load a giant watermelon into saroo 's arm - merchant hurry ! hurry ! hurry ! go! - the merchant keep dry , look for a gap in the traffic , launching saroo onto the wet road , with he green boulder - - saroo , ill - prepare for the task , as traffic whizze by - almost immediately he foot slide out from under he - - and a motorbike blare out of nowhere , careen down upon saroo - too late - the motorbike brake , skid , aqua-glide - - slam into saroo - who sit up - yow ! - head bleed , watermelon gloop all around he , as the motorcyclist kick - start he bike , and drive off . saroo touch the blood - - blood in the puddle where he sit , blood on he hand - ext . road home to ganesh talai - day ( flashback ) saroo run home through the rain , he shirt bunched to he head , blood and rain stream down he tiny torso - 83 - he run into the underpass - we recognize this as one of the '' memory Maps '' - and into black - int . one room home , ganesh talai - day ( flashback ) kamla tend to saroo 's gash . saroo 's cry . shekila 's wail . kamla wipe the wound with a cloth . guddu enter , drench too . it 's still pour outside . kamla where be you ? you be mean to be look after he ! guddu know he mess up . he look upset , ashamed . saroo and shekila cry and cry . but now kamla draw saroo closer , and ever so gently she kiss he forehead better . his cry begin to subside . int . live room , beach house - day but now , it 's not kamla who kiss it better . it 's Lucy - gentle , loving - kissing that old scar on saroo 's forehead . they have just make love - all that endorphin and oxytocin flooding they body - on the mattress on the floor . there 's a edge to it all : saroo 's life still look bachelor - transient and obsessively preoccupy ; Lucy be conflict , know she should not really have go down this path . but god it 's nice , after sex : even with the float sadness . lucy that village might not even exist any more . entire world change in twenty - five year . I worry that ... - but she let it trail off , and hang . saroo that what ? Long , sad pause . lucy that you be chase ghost . she stand , pull on she shirt . smile that brittle , pain , loving smile at he . and he own heart be break , because he know he can not do anything but keep on with that search . she open the door , walk out . 84 int . live room , beach house - day it could be later the same day . it could be another day . time have blend into something amorphous . saroo lie on he lonely mattress . all be still ; even the sea be calm . then he past silently weave into he consciousness , all this vignettes and flashback united in they stillness , as he eye flicker close : int . one - room home , khandwa - evening ( flashback ) on kamla - unmove , sense saroo ; int . dorm room , liluah - night ( flashback ) on little amita , lie in bed , stare . ext . calcutta STREET - day ( flashback ) on cafe guy - he kind stare through the cafe window ( as saroo sit on that traffic island , fantasize non - existent food on he rusty bent spoon - int . subway platform , howrah station - night ( flashback ) on wiry boy - just moment before he decide to offer the cardboard , dignity and generosity - then : int . bedroom , noor 's rooftop home , morning ( flashback ) on rama - he slow - move hand along saroo 's leg ... rama you be a good boy . be you a good boy ? ( o/s audio ) whimper - a scuffle - shout . a confusing auditory nightmare . beating . cries of anguish . rape. liluah . int . classroom , liluah - day ( flashback ) on haunted boy , sway back and forth , rub he hair and forehead , a pressure cooker about to explode . he bang he head against the wall , over and over . int . subway platform , howrah station - night ( flashback ) the SOUND of haunted Boy bang he head carry over into scream and sudden pandemonium , as the child-snatchers arrive and the urchins scream and scatter and wiry boy be violently grab and wrench away , scream - int . live room , beach house - later saroo 's eye , still flicker . guddu sit in the dark - it 's dusk or dark now - watch over saroo . keeping he distance . give saroo space . he know the memory be the search ... 85 int . live room , beach house - day a knock at the door . saroo wake and go to the window . look down . ext . beach house - intercut John , look up . he have a '' care package '' from Sue . he put it by the door . he wait . nothing . JOHN it 's the one Day International tomorrow . come over if you like . we will get some beer and pizza . nothing from inside the house . inside : saroo just stand there , press against the wall . frozen. conflict . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I mean to tell you - I fix the tiller . why do not we take she out , head up the coast ? maybe see if we can round up mantosh . pause . John , listen . JOHN ( cont 'd ) saroo , you mum 's not - whatever he be about to say ( " you mum 's not do so well '' ) , he stop it . look down at the care package . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you mum 's make a nice cake for you . put a few other goody in here too . ( beat ) I think she have love a visit . he stand there , hope against hope that saroo will suddenly appear . JOHN ( cont 'd ) right . take care , son . he turn to walk away . ext . beach house - night saroo sit on the beach , a starry night . watch the water - the ghost - wave mark time like a pulse ... int . kitchen , brierley home - night ( flashback ) a night light in the kitchen illuminate Sue , stand at the sink . her arm hang limp . exhausted . mute. 86 five-year-old saroo step beside she . reaches up , take she hand . she snap out of it , look down on he . it 's all right , say the look on he face . a private communion . the son comforting the mother . then , as if remember she duty to look after he , Sue pull saroo close , cradle he head . they stand there , a silent tableau . int . sue 's art studio , brierley home - afternoon concern register on saroo 's face as he enter the little room . Sue sit in the weak sunlight by the window . she look pale and unwell , in she dress gown , nursing a cup of tea . saroo do not look crash - hot either - month of no sleep or exercise have take they toll . two lose soul . but she brighten at the sight of saroo . saroo ( hugging she ) I be sorry . I be sorry . he sit opposite she . she hold back tear . sue John just hear , he 's be out on the boat . do the lobster run . they be due back tomorrow . saroo look at she , do not want to admit what this mean . sue ( cont 'd ) so he 'il be flush for cash . and then back on the hard stuff ... saroo can see in she pain how much she love mantosh . she smile bravely , she pale eye sparkling . saroo I be sorry you could not have you own kid . on sue : a misconception , dawn on she . sue what be you say ? saroo I mean , we be not blank page , be we ? like you own would have be . you be not just adopt we , but we past as well . ( beat ) and I feel like we be kill you . 87 Sue smile - still hold off the tear . sue we could have have child . we choose not to . on saroo : shocked by this new information . saroo wait . you could have have kid ? sue never make that public . some thing need to stay private . some people would never understand why you have start a family like ours . we want you two in we life . we choose that . saroo be move . listen intently . sue ( cont ’d ) ( smile , remember ) I think it 's one of the reason I fall in love with you dad . ( beat ) we both feel the world have more than enough people in it already . because to have a child - that 's no guarantee that 's go to make thing better . but to take a child who 's suffer - like you boy be - and to give he a chance in the world . well , then . now there 's something . saroo look with wonder at he mother . what she 's give up . without she , where would he have end up ? saroo I bet you never imagine it would be this hard . sue it 's not a matter of hard or easy . there be only ever one path . that 's how I believe thing happen . ( beat ) when I be twelve , I have a vision . some people would call it a breakdown ... saroo , completely intrigue by he mother open up like this - in such strange way . sue ( cont 'd ) you know my father be a alcoholic . out of control . ( more ) 88 sue ( cont 'd ) all wrong . I remember I be weep . or I would wept it all out . there be no more tear . I be stand out the back of the house . look out across this field . I literally want the earth to swallow I . there be not any joy . life be a nightmare . and I feel this kind of - electric current - electric shock - jolt through I . and there be a little brown - skinned boy across that field . I could not even tell if it be just my eye play trick . and then he be beside I . just stand there . and I sense it so strongly . I could feel he warmth . saroo really ? sue literally . the leave side of my body start to heat up . saroo do you try to talk to he ? sue it be not like that . anyway , I be doubting my sanity . even as it happen . saroo it do not speak ? sue it stand beside I . and for once in my bleak life , I feel something good . and I know it be guide I . and I know - in my heart - I would be fine . it be as if , at that moment , I could suddenly believe in the future . saroo sit there , haunt and entrance by she story . sue ( cont 'd ) and now - I do not know where I be go . I do not know what anything mean any more . I think I could hold everything together . by a act of will . saroo - oh , mum - 89 sue but it 's all just splinter . everything splintering off . saroo , pain . he shrug , palm up : I do not know what to say . high aerial - morning Way down there , saroo 's car travel along the wild , lush , remote tasmanian coast . i/e. car / near dover lobster port - day saroo wind down towards a wild windswept inlet . towards mantosh 's shed ... ext . mantosh 's shed - continuous saroo pull up , get out , bang on door . peer in through the window . saroo ( call ) mantosh ! Wide : the lonely ghost gum echo he call . int . saroo 's car - continuous he get back in the car , to wait it out ... the tree , the isolation ... the quiet ... relief almost ... he wind he seat back . stillness . kamla ( v.o. , pre - lap ) that one be makara , the sea monster . you see he long tail ? saroo ( v.o. , pre - lap ) ammi - if he 's a sea monster , can he fly ? memory , rooftop , one -room home , khandwa look down on kamla , guddu , kallu and saroo ( shekila wrap in swaddle , sound asleep ) , all lie on they back on the flat roof , look up at the star . kamla I do not know . it 's as deep as the ocean up there . pause . they be all stare straight up , in wonder . kamla ( cont 'd ) ( gesture ) see the bright one , and the line like that ? that 's simha . the lion . 90 saroo will he eat we ? kamla he might . when he get hungry enough . on saroo : gaze up . sheer wonder . think about simha . reverse - they Pov . the incomparable spread of star . int . saroo 's car - dusk saroo , look up at the ceiling of he car . a single tear roll from he eye . Gentle sound on the roof - spitting of rain . bang on the window - a wet and bedraggle mantosh , have just pull up in he ute , wader over he arm , smoking a joint . mantosh brother from another mother . you hair look as bad as mine . saroo , sit up , get out . mantosh offer saroo the joint . saroo shake he head no . mantosh take a big toke . flick the joint away . int . mantosh 's shed - continuous Inside , it 's barely habitable . a grimy sink . a rickety table . a single bed with grey blanket that look damp . mantosh pour cheap whisky into two grubby glass . he turn the radio on low . they sit , clink glass , take a sip . mantosh 's cheery facade fail to hide he desolation and desperation . he hold he hand out , horizontal . mantosh I be off the speed , mate . perhaps he hand tremble , just a little ; saroo notice . saroo that 's good . ' cos mum 's not well . mantosh ( wary ) oh yeah ? what be it ? saroo stress . she think she 's gonna lose you - ( more ) 91 saroo ( cont 'd ) ( quick adjustment : ) - we . she 's worried about we . it hang there . Big thing for saroo to say . mantosh , take it in . his heart shift , a notch . his big brother just speak of they as a ‘us 's . mantosh that 's no good . saroo Nah . mantosh I should get out to see she . saroo yeah . Long pause . saroo ( cont ’d ) I be sorry for what I say at dinner . mantosh shrug , remember . a silent , painful it 's nothing . saroo ( cont ’d ) you be all right ? just the act - the intention - of saroo try to connect : it break something open in Little brother . mantosh heave a single sudden dry sob - then stop it . all the world 's pain in that shoulder . mantosh we be the untouchable . you know that , do not you ? you know how much we life be worth . nothing . Zero. ( remember : such pain ) they have no problem touch I . he look up at saroo as if come out of a trance . mantosh ( cont 'd ) you be one of the lucky one . I be not have a go at you . I be genuinely happy for you . saroo what do you mean , '' luck '' ? - mate , I think about my mother in India every day , know I 'il never see she again . same as you . 92 mantosh ( smile , but a edge ) not the same . I have bad luck be bear . you get lost ! that 's all that happen , bro . and before anything bad even happen , you get whisk off to Australia . do you know how long I be in liluah for ? fourteen month . silence . mantosh ( cont 'd ) not untouchable in there . silence . saroo , stare at mantosh . the '' lucky one '' . he know he 's get a point : at liluah , saroo escape the bogeyman . saroo what happen to you be bad . it be just bad . but this be not how you deal with it , mantosh . you think I be lucky ; I think I make my own luck . I do not know which one 's true . I do not have choice . when that train take off , I do not have a choice . you have get to keep go . sometimes that 's all it be . mantosh just look at he . they both seem exhaust . saroo ( cont ’d ) you have suffer enough . mantosh I be persever , bro . trust I . saroo I have already lose a brother . I do not want to lose you too . ( beat ) I need you , bro . we gotta keep this family together . you and I . a light come back into mantosh 's eye . just hearing this . but then , too , the irony : mantosh we do thing differently , you and I . you try to remember . I try to forget . saroo be move by he insight . they sit in silence in this new , fragile camaraderie - the radio still play low , b/g . mantosh stand at a song he like . turn up the volume . kylie minogue 's I can not get you out of my head . 93 he take a large swig of whiskey . a big smile spread . he start to dance to the music . his ridiculousness be infectious , and saroo smile too . mantosh ( cont 'd ) C ’mon , dance with you brother ! mantosh turn the volume up louder . mantosh ( cont 'd ) ( over the racket ) c' mon ! saroo reluctantly get up . and dance . two goofy brother . and then : they begin to lose themselves . the scene become loud , frenetic , crazy . they can not believe they be do this . they be laugh like mad . mantosh ( cont 'd ) ( shouting in saroo 's ear ) I love you , saroo . I be gonna get better . saroo grin , okay , then . good . mantosh take a big swig straight from the bottle . pass it to saroo , who do the same . grinning . and now , they really do lose themselves . the dance be completely mad . and glorious . int . mantosh 's shed - dawn dawn . saroo , wrap in a blanket . stare at he sleep brother . the scar on mantosh 's hand . the tobacco-stained finger . the fragility . close : gently , carefully , saroo place the old ganesh medallion in the palm of mantosh 's hand . he close mantosh 's fist around the medallion . ext . pebbly beach near mantosh 's shed - dawn saroo step outside into the freezing morning . no one about . not a sound . not a bird . just the wild wind and the small gnarly steel - grey wave hit the shore . hard CUT : ext . pebbly beach , tideline - continuous saroo , a tiny figure , walk down to the water 's edge . 94 he strip off - and start to walk into the water ... stop as the pain of the cold kick in ... the endless horizon beyond . he look back at the shed - mantosh will not survive without he . he spot guddu , look vulnerable , worried , be he lose saroo ?... his lock stare with guddu . a deep breath from saroo - - guddu look alarmed , as if he want to stop saroo - - saroo dive . underwater - fluid , peaceful , muffle . saroo 's wild hair flow . he come up - roaring - oh , the shock ! - he wild wet mane - saroo roaaaarrrgghhh ! Roaring in pain . grief. anger . know he can not go on . Roaring he past away . big emotional moment , then in its wake ... guddu be go . int . live room , beach house - night saroo step up to the wall . all its madness in front of he . he reach for a flag pin . pull it out . what 's he do ? he stab it back into the map - to a totally different part of India . Way outside the search radius . then with both hand , he start pull out flag pin , stabbing they anywhere . jumbling they up . pin everywhere . there be pin now all over the place . Pakistan . the himalayas . he 's just deliberately ruin a year or two of painstake work . make certain it 's over , and there 's no turn back . casually , he swipe at a section of printout spread out from the main map , scotch - tape together . in a domino effect , other printout tear away . more flag pin go fly . a mess . he lean he head against the wall . saroo slump down on the couch . end of the road . he have to move on too . over on the Wall : that mess he 's just make . 95 the laptop sit open on the couch . he lean across , place he finger on the trackpad , follow a train line - - then start to flick the track pad , faster . so that before the station have time to reach full resolution - - he flick again , carelessly , without method . and suddenly - it 's a kind of goodbye - he veer off the rail line completely - out over land - and more land - - do on the screen what he just do on the wall - - random shift , here , there , leave , right . jerky . everything start cascade in he psyche , as he memory make they final fight for life . so we see mad snippet and flash : guddu - coal theft - dam - joy - underpass - street — watermelon accident - hide and seek with shekila and kamla . - and on and on it go - interwoven with the Google Earth search on screen , as saroo carelessly continue flick the cursor , say goodbye to the search as he past and he memory disintegrate into fragment - he stop . exhausted . his face perfectly blank . equally randomly now , he tap -tap - tap on that '' Zoom out '' minus sign . he zoom out , higher . Higher . we be now stare down on a good chunk of India . scrol , saroo flick quite a distance leave . still just random move . we be now way outside the search perimeter . nothing matter . flick , flick . who care ? and then : something stop he . he tilt he head - on the screen : a expanse of ochre field . he pull the laptop onto he thigh . something about that color . still as the sphinx , he stare at the screen . high aerial above field - ( day ) - match the Google Earth , but real : we be hover above a real ochre landscape . still . we can hear nature - the tickle of the grass , the whole earth vibrate . ( note : this shot should also recognizably match the landscape of the 4000 - feet-above - India shot , that parched ochre field from the open aerial ... ] - int . live room , beach house - continuous ( night ) saroo shiver . the sound of the gentle wind over he . just stare at that screen . 96 ext . field near dam , khandwa - day ( flashback ) close on little saroo 's hand , scavenge through the trash , at that moment the yellow butterfly land on it . as he carefully stand , and spread he arm : panoramic wide of a ochre landscape . full of yellow butterfly . the yellow be flutter , flutter , and start filling the frame . audio : very faintly a haunt refrain rise : the lullaby little amita sing that long - ago night in liluah . int . live room , beach house - continuous ( night ) the lullaby carry over to the present - we be back with saroo - more alert - scrolling on the Google screen - we scroll over field . village . then a railway line . he do what he 's always do : trace the track to find the next station . - a flash : Pov from moving train ( from when he be trap ) of that wide ochre field - he keep scrolling , scrolling . and soon enough : the train line enter a mid-size town . we be over the centre of the town . he zoom in closer . the Google Earth blue railway station symbol , hover . the rail line . the platform . closer in . closer . and then , on saroo : huh . what 's that ? on google earth screen : it 's blurry . but it look a little like a water tower . saroo blink , look at it . Zoom in . his head tilt : - this water tower , get a little clearer as he zoom . saroo 's '' memory map '' : flashback 1 - water tower ( night ) Little saroo alone on the desert platform . where 's guddu ? saroo shiver , hold himself . he look up . at the tower . int . live room , beach house - continuous ( night ) saroo , sit up straight . look as spook as that child . 97 on screen : it 's a water tower . it 's certainly similar . saroo lean in closer to the screen . his finger touch the platform . and the water tower . work out the angle . saroo 's '' memory map '' : flashback 1 - water tower ( night ) we push in on little saroo , stand frighten on that haunt platform , look up at the water tower off-screen . reverse : we push in on the water tower . int . live room , beach house - continuous ( night ) on screen : zoom , closer , closer . the satellite resolution become clearer . that 's a tower . that 's the water tower . the pixel coarsen and blur as the zoom reach its limit . saroo ( a breath ) it can not be - saroo actually cup he hand over he mouth . his back be ramrod straight . his nerve on fire - - and suddenly , frantically , he scroll , scroll , scroll - aerial - ochre field - day High in the air , we rush across the indian landscape - int . live room , beach house - continuous ( night ) ( note : continue rapid interweaving between the high aerial glide & the google screen scrolling ... ] - on google earth screen : as he scroll , the pointer race across the landscape in jerk : across ochre field , across river , road ... sometimes the train line be on screen and sometimes not - because saroo 's not follow the track now - he know where he 's go - - he 's go here : - it 's a dam . Holy shit . it 's a dam . saroo 's '' memory map '' : flashback 2 - dam ( day ) guddu 's Pov : we be spin in a circle , hold onto saroo with outstretch arm as he too shriek with laughter . wide of same : guddu twirl saroo around in the shallow water by the dam , tiny saroo 's foot barely skim the surface . guddu let go , saroo fly into the water . he jump up , laugh . drenched in golden sunlight . 98 int . live room , beach house - continuous ( night ) saroo 's hand be shaking . finger on the track pad , urgent . this can not be happen . he zoom in closer . on Google Earth screen , more detail : the clay shore , the long dam wall . saroo 's '' memory map '' : flashback 2 - dam ( day ) - a beautiful , sun - drench moment : five - year- old saroo sprinting homeward , the dam recede behind he ( with its long dam wall ) . elation and urgency mix together . int . live room , beach house - continuous ( night ) saroo keep scrolling , pay 1000 % attention . on screen : he stop on the town . saroo , scrolling . eye attentive to every detail . on screen : the name hover above the town be '' khandwa '' . saroo ( it do not ring a bell ) khandwa ?... but he finger trace across the screen . there 's the station -— ext . STREET near khandwa station - day ( flashback ) Little saroo continue run home , past khandwa Station . int . live room , beach house - continuous ( night ) saroo , scrolling along - - on google earth screen : the underpass - saroo 's '' memory map '' : flashback 3 - underpass ( day ) Little saroo continue run home - into the underpass - jump CUT : - and pop out the other side - int . live room , beach house - continuous ( night ) saroo , scrolling frantically . nose inch from the screen . on google earth screen : we scroll over the underpass - out the other side - follow road - ( note : continue to blend with rapid flash of real aerial ] - leave , right , right - the road get narrower ... 99 and now , at last : a name float above this part of town . ganesh talai on saroo : what ?? what ??!! on screen : there it be . float . '' ganesh talai '' . saroo ganesh talai . ganesh talay . ganestlay . he gasp . then a involuntary laugh come from deep in he belly . a feel that this can not be happen . and now he pick up speed , and scroll , ever faster - - on screen : the street , narrower and narrower — int . ganesh talai street - day ( flashback ) Little saroo , sprinting , lung burst , joyful , homeward - int . live room , beach house - continuous ( night ) - saroo , glue to the screen . scrol . Left , right . the street get narrower . on screen : a street so narrow it could only be a alleyway . saroo 's '' memory map '' : flashback 4 - alleyway to home ( day ) we follow over little saroo 's shoulder as he round the final corner to the narrow alley to home : past the house with the lurid aqua wall , past the overflow bougainvillea - int . live room , beach house - continuous ( night ) on screen : we stop . above a nondescript cluster of shack . we zoom , closer , closer . towards a single specific build . closer . until the pixel coarsen , and the roof be a blur . saroo , breathe hard . stare so intently at the screen . that blurry , pixellate roof fill the entire screen . on saroo , brim with emotion . saroo ( very softly ) ammi ... - that Hindi word , rise up from the deep . jump CUT : 100 ext . share house - same night saroo knock . Lucy come to the door . they stare at each other . she look frighten - what 's happen ... saroo I find home ... her face - doubt , belief , joy for he . do you just say what I think you say ? saroo 's eye , wide in amazement . that 's a yes . Lucy wrap she arm around saroo . they embrace tightly - - what do this mean for they ? held in that embrace - rock gently together - saroo breathes . int . live room , beach house - next day saroo hold the door open as Sue walk into the room . John , just arrive in he work clothes , stand there , proud as punch - watch he wife . JOHN you need to look at this - Sue enter slowly , mesmerize by something off-screen . emotion palpably rippling across she face . reverse : we follow she as she walk up to the map - it 's still in disarray from saroo 's flag pin destruction , but you can see how amazing and methodical it be . Sue study it . the grandeur , the scope , the epic madness -— even in its fracture state . its magnificence . on saroo : watch she , anticipate she response . sue this be where you have be ? he nod . saroo I do not want you to feel I be ungrateful ... Sue take it all in , astonished . sue saroo . she embrace he , overcome with emotion . 101 sue ( cont 'd ) I really hope she 's there . she need to see how beautiful you be . John join in the embrace . int . qantas a380 to india - night saroo in he window seat on the plane . peer out , down into the dark earth . most everyone else be asleep , and the light be dimme . but saroo 's awake , and deep in think . and just like that five - year- old - twenty - five year ago , head off to the unknown - he pull the shade down , up . but only once . ext . dream quarry - day ( flashback ) we be back in we mythic , prehistoric , dust - shroud landscape . the wash - out whiteness . the white dust . and again , saroo run across the sun-bake rubble , white with dust himself . everything so heighten and surreal . saroo ammi ! ammi ! he 's carry something close to he chest , like a bright orange heart . he 's beam , proud . saroo ( cont ’d ) ammi ! and there in the distance , kamla turn again . shade she eye against the sun . cover in the white quarry dust . saroo ( cont ’d ) look what I have get ! he reveal he offer : in the middle of all that white - a perfect , bulbous mango . glow in its perfect orangeness . she reach out she hand . touches he face in thanks . what a unimaginable treat . jump CUT : saroo and kamla sit on the rocky ground , devour the mango . the juice streak they dust - cake face . suck at the flesh , the nectar . a playful delight coursing through they . saroo ( cont ’d ) I throw a rock . I knock it out of the tree ! 102 kamla ( grin , nodd ) good boy . i/ E. taxi / road from indoor to khandwa - day saroo in the back seat of the taxi . peer intently out the window at the landscape roll by . the field . the small town . int . HOTEL room , khandwa - day we follow close behind saroo as he enter he hotel room and throw the backpack on the bed . saroo at the window . look down on the bus terminal and - further away - train station from this third floor room . Pov : all the mad activity down there in the street . int . HOTEL room , khandwa - twenty minute later ( day ) saroo lie fully clothed , spread on the bed . shoe still on . arm spread . stare up at the ceiling . he 's wide , wide awake . the ceiling fan turn . no way he 's get twelve hour 's sleep . saroo all right . he leap up . ext . STREET , khandwa - minute later ( day ) saroo walk along the busy street . hard to read he face . past the busy station . and suddenly now in front of he : the underpass . he stride ahead . his leg carry he forward now . ext . road home to ganesh talai - twenty -five minute later saroo stride along the road . purposeful . ext . street of ganesh talai - minute later ( day ) saroo know exactly where he 's go . Automatic pilot through that never-forgotten street . turn leave . turn right . now he run - as he do through this street as a child . ext . alleyway to saroo 's childhood home - minute later saroo turn into a narrow alley . heart positively pound . he round the next bend and - 103 - stop dead . from behind , he view down the alley , past that house with that ( now fade ) lurid aqua wall , past the overflow bougainvillea : we recognise that long - ago childhood home . reverse of this : look at saroo . only it 's 5 - year-old-saroo who 's stand there now . still as a statue . awed . Little saroo start move forward , towards home . we track backwards with he . he 's not scared , just calm , amaze . he 's be wait for this moment for a long , long time . he arrive at the door - hard CUT to side angle : now it 's adult saroo , peer in through the rotted slat of the door - and ... it 's abandon in there . his Pov : in there , in the gloom , there 's nothing . that dirt - floor shack , the rubble of a former life . he step back . so that 's it . shit. stands there , at a loss . voice ( 0.s. ) ( in Hindi ) can I help you ? saroo turn . it 's a woman , 21 , with a baby in she arm . saroo hi ! um - I use to live here . ( off she blank look ) you do not speak - ? ( point at the shack ) I use to live here . he unfold a sheet of paper . on the sheet : it 's a enlarge photocopy of that photo take at the police station when he be five . saroo ( cont ’d ) that 's I . I use to live here . the woman nod politely . but can not understand a word he say . a middle - age man poke he head out from a doorway . english -speaking man hello ? saroo hello . you speak English ? english -speaking man yes . a little . 104 saroo have you live here long ? english -speaking man some time . saroo ( point at photo ) I be saroo . this be I . ( point at empty house ) I be look for , um . kamla , guddu , kallu , shekila . the man look from saroo to the house . to saroo . english -speaking man here ? you live here ? saroo here . yes . the man take a long look at saroo . squint . english -speaking man wait here . and he simply turn , and walk away . saroo : every nerve end be alive . we circle he . everything else a background blur - chatter in Hindi , people pop out of doorway . and saroo stare down the alley to where that man just disappear around a corner . where have he go ? saroo start walk , as in a dream , toward the corner . the people trail he . but we be close with saroo . momentarily , the man reappear around the corner . english -speaking man ( cont ’d ) come . saroo come where ? english -speaking man ( he 's already move ) come . they walk . saroo in he trance . rounding the corner - saroo , the man , the curious hanger - on . and fifty metre ahead , there be three women stand there -— stunne , uncertain . two of they flanking the one in the middle , lightly hold she by the elbow . 105 behind they , they own entourage of curious hanger - on . on saroo : brain about to explode . this can not be real . can it ? as saroo and entourage move towards the three woman , the three woman and entourage begin to move towards he . pushing in towards the woman : to that one , centre of frame . kamla . a quarter of a century older . still as beautiful . reverse - pushing in towards saroo , as he walk towards we . on kamla : with immense confusion and reservation , stare up at this giant man , this total stranger . - and as she get closer , look into he eye - saroo ammi - - and she know it 's he . kamla sheru ! they embrace each other , tightly . saroo ( close , soft ) I be sorry . I be sorry . they hold the embrace . then kamla start run she hand over saroo 's face . saroo ( cont ’d ) it 's I - ( show she the photo ) look - the instant kamla look at the photo , it all come back , and she weep . hugging saroo , wail , touch he face . the commotion grow . people appear . explanation fly - jump CUT : the little crowd have grow further . everyone talk at once . kamla can not stop hugging saroo , touch he , squeezing he . a neighbor be you sure it 's he ? kamla ( stabbing the photo ) it 's he . I know it 's he . my son have come back . 106 she reach up , part the hair on he forehead . sure enough , the scar . saroo the watermelon ! english -speaking man ( in Hindi ) Watermelon . kamla the watermelon ! saroo ( in Hindi , imitate ) tarabuja ! [ watermelon ] ( beat ) and guddu ? where be guddu ? kamla ( heartbroken ) guddu . guddu . saroo , not want to believe what he think she 's say . english -speaking man guddu be no more . ( beat ; clarifies ) he be with God . amidst all this surreal joy , a knife in the heart . saroo look at the man - numb and uncomprehend . he look to kamla : be it true ? surely it 's not true . in she eye : it 's true . it 's true . such sorrow . they embrace . she weep . audio muffle - they be in some private space that sound can not penetrate . they gaze into each other 's eye . pain , love , joy - then : a commotion . the crowd part for adult shekila ( 27 ) . kamla ( she 's nearly hysterical ) shekila ! it 's he ! ( to saroo ) this be shekila ! this be you sister ! saroo , amaze . saroo shekila ? kamla nod yes ; a howl of joy from saroo - 107 saroo ( cont ’d ) shekila ! he pull she into the embrace . the onlooker crowd and touch he , as if he 's not real . saroo and he mother and sister , lock in the embrace . ext . road to khandwa station - night ( flashback ) that last night together , twenty - five year ago : little saroo , King of the World , perch on the handlebar as guddu pedal for all he 's worth through the street of khandwa . they be glide . bank . soaring . the world be rush by . a young man go , guddu ! it 's as if they be be cheer through the very street . SMALL fade . int . HOTEL room , khandwa - late at night saroo - a profoundly change man - at the window , look out over khandwa and the train station . the street stall , the light , the endless traffic . sue 's phone message ( v.o. ) hello . you have reach Sue brierley . I can not get to the phone right now , please leave a message . saroo ( v.o. ) hi mum . I know you 'il be sound asleep . ( more ... ) ext . dam , khandwa - late afternoon the warm late sun flood the air as we come upon adult saroo walk along the water 's edge by the dam , where a new generation of kide be splash and play - just as saroo use to do , twenty - five year ago . the dam wall over there . out in the water : two boy frolick , shriek . saroo , watch they . saroo ( v.o. , cont 'd , from previous ) .+. I just want to say that I be safe . I be safe , and all question have be answer . there be no more dead end . ( more ... ) 108 int . JOHN and sue 's bedroom - early morning Sue , sit up in bed - hold she mobile , listen to the message on speakerphone , John beside she listen too - as tear well in they eye . saroo's voice on speakerphone my mother thanks you both for raise I . she understand you be my family . she 's happy just know I be alive . ( long beat ) I find ammi . but that do not change we . I love you , mum . so much . and you , dad. and mantosh . we be a family . ext . dam , khandwa - late afternoon saroo stand there by the dam . take it all in . he turn . up ahead : that ridge where the railway track run . saroo start walk up the embankment to the track . ext . railway track , near dam - moment later saroo be walk toward US along the track . stepping on every second sleeper . the dam over there , b/g . reverse : match shot so it feel like a normal reverse , but - on the reverse : it 's twelve - year - old guddu and five - year - old saroo , walk away from US down that long stretch of track . guddu 's arm drape over saroo 's shoulder . saroo drag a stick behind he , clack - clack - clack along the sleeper . they be literally walk off into the sunset . and we CUT to aerial : high aerial - khandwa and beyond - continuous - we be rising up into the air - we be leave they now - we be go high - higher - we be soaring up and away - we be very high - they be tiny speck - we be fading to black . in the blackness , super come up , one after the other : saroo brierley make it back to ganesh talai on February 12 , 2012 . he have be lose for over 25 year . 109 he learn that 25 year earlier , on the same night he step up into that carriage , he brother guddu die - hit by a train not far from the platform . saroo 's mother , kamla , have never give up hope of saroo 's return , and have never move away . she say she be '' surprised with thunder '' that she boy have come back , and that the happiness in she heart be '' as deep as the ocean . '' saroo learn that all that year ago , as a five - year -old , he have be mispronounce he own name . he be '' sheru '' - - '' lion '' and slam into : - that police station photo of 5 - year - old saroo - the real photo , not we actor - we push slowly , slowly closer and closer into the photo - - into that huge , determine eye . CUT to black . [ note : at some point soon after credit start roll , they share the screen with the 60 Minutes footage of kamla and Sue meeting and embrace , saroo join the embrace - and various other real photo etc ...] for you consideration best adapted screenplay luke Davies ww twc www.twcawards.com