fade in : ext . suburbia - night a beautiful late summer night . cricket chirp , sprinkler sprinkle . we pan across one particular lawn , up one particular tree , where we see the peeper ( jon lovitz ) sit on a limb . he have a bottle of wine , some sandwich , a walkman . suddenly the light turn on . peeper ( whisper ) showtime ! we see a young mother walk into the room outside the peeper 's window . she be wear business attire . peeper ( cont 'd ) Rough day at the office Mrs. dunleavy ? ( take bite of sandwich ) well you will feel better once you slip off that work clothes and get into some sweat . the mother sit on the bed and pull off she shoe , rub she foot . peeper ( cont 'd ) oh my G -d , yes ! I wish you would let I rub that foot . of course I would not use my hand . heh heh heh heh ... he sip some wine . the mother start to unbutton she blouse . she take it off , revealing a nice bra . peeper ( cont 'd ) look like Victoria just tell I she secret . the peeper frantically write in a dirty notebook . mouthing the word as he go . peeper ( cont 'd ) Thursday the ninth , eight - thirty p.m. , first brassiere sighting ... ( stop write ) I will pleasure myself to this image for month . month I tell you ! the mother start to unbutton she pants . her young son walk in wear a scout uniform . peeper ( cont 'd ) Young scottie dunleavy . what unfortunate timing . you mother be just get comfy . the son talk to he mother excitedly . peeper ( cont 'd ) yes , yes , I be sure you tie many great knot today or whatever . now get out . the son , not go anywhere , sit in a chair . peeper ( cont 'd ) now what . this simply will not do . the peeper take out a cell phone and dial . the son answer . scottie hello ? peeper hello , scottie . why do not you go downstairs like a good boy and let you mother freshen up . scottie who be this ? peeper just a little birdie . a birdie who want to see if you mother 's panty match she bra . mother oh my g-d scottie . be there a man up we tree ? the peeper get nervous . peeper tell she no . tell she it 's just a big bird . the peeper start flap he arm and make bird noise . we see scottie with he sling shot . the mother nod yes . he shoot it . it hit the peeper square in the head . he fall to the ground with a thud . peeper ( cont 'd ) Mrs. dunleavy , please come help I . and wear you bikini . the peeper look up . he see scottie push a television out the window . it land on top of the peeper . he 's dead . hard CUT : int . hole - day the peeper be zoom down a hole , wall of dirt racing by on all side . the peeper be fall down , down , down . the whole way scream like a five - year old girl . peeper' Pov we see the tunnel turn into more of a slide now and the peeper race towards the open which be light by fire . he scream . ext . FIRE gate of hell we see the gate / wall of flame . we hear scream . wham ! we see the peeper come fly through the flame and land in a heap in a shallow pit of coal . daze , he stand and we see other people shoot through the fire wall at different level . ( note : all the arrival clothes be now burn &amp ; shred ) . gatekeeper ( o.s. ) welcome ! the peeper look leave to see the gatekeeper stand at he station greeting the new soul with mock cheer . peeper be I in hell ? gatekeeper what do you think ? a giant bird appear and bite the peeper 's crotch area . we leave the peeper in the pit and tilt up to ... matte painting hell music up : " running with the devil " by van halen the vast and insane kingdom of Hell . a road lead toward it like the yellow brick road only with fire and coal . we see the black castle in the distance . the camera zoom into the castle , to one particular window . int . nicky's room - day look like a american teenager 's room - model , a dresser , heavy metal poster ( ton of ozzy stuff ) everywhere ( but no bed - devil do not sleep ) . nicky be air guitare to the song . over at the stereo , we see the cassette play title " nicky's monster metal mix . " the head demon , jimmy the demon , open the door , scare nicky who fall backward into the table , break it . nicky ( embarrassed ) hey ... jimmy the demon you father want to see you and you brother in the throne room . nicky okay , but Jimmy , when the house be rockin ' , do not forget the knockin ' ! int . black palace throne room - day adrian and cassius be play dart . they be aim for people 's face that be come through the wall . cassius I know it . he 's finally retire . adrian I have be wait on this day for ten thousand year . he throw a dart that hit one of the head in the forehead . human dartboard aaaah ! cassius if the old man pick I to take over Hell , I will keep the torture go twenty four seven . no break . adrian well dad say it 's the break that make the torture . you have to let people feel a sense of relief . cassius whip a dart which hit one of the human dartboard in the eye . human dartboard aaaaaaaaaaaah ! adrian then again , the beauty of dad retire be what he say do not matter anymore . cassius pull out the dart . the eye come with it . cassius I will take that . cassius throw the eye on the ground and stomp it . thwack ! it splatter like a grape . human dartboard be that really necessary ? nicky enter sheepishly . cassius hey , how 's daddy 's little girl do today ? nicky good , thanks . cassius snap he finger in nicky 's face . cassius hey . hey . hey . wanna mind wrestle ? cassius ' eye start glow red . nicky actually , I will take a rain check on0 nicky be slam into a nearby desk as if by a invisible force . cassius get ya ! nicky ( pick up he head ) yes , you get I ... nicky 's head slam back down again . cassius get ya , again ! nicky ( pick head up ) get I for sure , yes ... he grab a lamp off the desk and crack himself over the head . cassius get ya ! now here 's the big finish ... nicky frown as he find he own right hand head for he own crotch . nicky oh no . please cassius ... nicky 's hand be be possess . it get closer and closer until it latch on to nicky 's crotch . nicky ( cont 'd ) aaaaah . cassius concentrate even harder , make nicky twist he own hand . nicky scream even louder . adrian smile . they do not notice that dad , wear a sweatsuit ( and with very small devil horn ) , enter behind they . dad what be you boy do ? cassius release nicky 's hand . nicky nothing , dad . just re-arranging the furniture . dad cassius , do not I tell you to stay out of you brother 's mind ? cassius I forget . dad maybe this will help you remember . dad 's eye flash red and cassius punch himself hard in the nose , send he back against the wall and down to the floor . dad give nicky a wink . nicky smile . dad have a air of confidence and power . dad ( cont 'd ) now everybody sit down . nicky hey , dad , I be almost finish lay down my monster of metal compilation tape . I really think it 's a masterpiece . dad okay , kid , we will listen to it later . he lead the boy to the throne area . we see outside the window the peeper stare in sexily . dad look , shake he head . just then , the bird appear and attack he . dad close the curtain . nicky , adrian and cassius sit on little stool at the foot of he throne . dad light a cigarette with he finger , the tip of which glow red like a cigarette lighter and look down at he three son . dad ( cont 'd ) my dad , you granddad , lucifer , be throw out of Heaven by G -d and rule here in hell for ten thousand year . and after this ten thousand year have pass , he decide to abdicate he throne ... confused , nicky sheepishly raise he hand . dad ( cont 'd ) ...to step aside . ( nicky lower he hand ) ... and let I become the ruler of hell . this , as some of you might know , be my ten thousandth year as Prince of darkness . so I think the time have come to discuss who will succeed I . Jimmy the demon walk in . jimmy the demon knock , knock . dad yes , Jimmy . he whisper in dad 's ear . dad ( cont 'd ) no , no , that 's not what I say . he can keep he thumb , but the finger gotta go . jimmy the demon ( turn to leave ) oh , and do not forget , you be shove a pineapple up Hitler 's ass at four o'clock . dad nod , and Jimmy shuffles out . dad turn he attention back to he son . dad this be a very difficult decision , because I have three wonderful son . I mean , adrian , so smart , so ruthless . and cassius , so strong , so tough . and nicky , so ...so ... nicky do not worry about come up with anything . it 's cool . dad such a sweet boy . but after much think and careful consideration , I have decide that the ruler for the next ten thousand year be go to have to be ...me . cassius and adrian ( dumbfounded ) what !? nicky hallelujah . they all look at nicky . nicky ( cont 'd ) I mean ... tough break . dad the important thing for the stability of we rule be to maintain the balance between good and evil . and I do not think any of you be ready for that responsibility yet . you need the wisdom that come only with the passage of time . cassius dad ! this be hoyashit . dad glare . cassius go flying back . one of the human dartboard laugh . cassius whip a dart and hit he in the tongue . Jimmy enter and point at he watch . dad right . right . send he in . ( to the boy ) I be sorry , boy . I have get to get back to work . nicky , cassius and adrian start filing out . adrian stop . adrian you sure about this decision , dad ? dad I be tell you , pal , it 's the right thing to do . hitler ( in a french may 's outfit ) , be be bring in by Jimmy . they head towards the closet . Inside the closet be a crate of pineapple . Hitler pick out a relatively small one . dad shake he head " no . " dad walk over to the closet . Hitler pick out a really big pineapple . dad nod " yes . " Hitler sadly hand it to dad . Jimmy bend Hitler over and as dad raise the fruit ... close on hitler' eye as the pineapple 's jamme up he ass . hitler Holy schnit !! ext . highway to hell - day cassius and adrian be stand by the road still flow with soul . both be piss . there 's a big , ugly , bigfoot look monster hang out with they , kind of nodd along . cassius you work you ass off for ten thousand year , hurt people , help other hurt people , then you get a decision like that . adrian and he 's dead serious . cassius it 's just such a slap in the face . adrian turn to the monster . adrian um , excuse I , we be have a private conversation here . cassius yeah , get out of here ! beat it ! cassius insanely snap he finger in the monster 's face . the monster shrug and walk off . adrian twenty -thousand year ago , grandpa lucifer say , " it be better to rule in hell than serve in heaven . " well , I be get tired of serve in Hell . we need a place where we can rule . cassius throw a rock at the monster . he yelp , then turn around , motion like he 's think about come back . cassius see this and get enraged . cassius oh you wanna be a big man ? bring it on !! let 's see what you get ! the monster , upon further reflection , throw he hand up in a " aw phooey " gesture and continue walk away . cassius ( cont 'd ) that 's what I think ! adrian ( to cassius ) could you concentrate for five second ? cassius I be concentrate . where can we rule ? adrian what do you think about ... Earth ? cassius seem to think this be not a bad idea . adrian ( cont 'd ) we could create we own hell there . cassius you say we go up there and kill everyone ? adrian eventually , cassius . but first we corrupt as many as we can so that when we do destroy they ... cassius ... they damned soul will be ours . adrian it 's we time , brother . the two look at each other . they start run toward the fire wall . knock soul out of they way . gatekeeper hey , what be you do ?!? they get closer to the fire . gatekeeper ( cont 'd ) you can not go through there . the fire flow in , not out . they dive through the fire wall . it freeze . gatekeeper ( cont 'd ) you know something ? you guy suck ! you really suck ! siren go off . dog start bark . light flash . and we hear the sound of damned soul hit the back of the firewall hard . int . throne room - shortly after dad and nicky be listen to one of nicky 's metal mix tape . we hear the end of pink floyd 's " comfortably numb . " pause . dad exhales . dad now that be a experience . " you be only come through in wave . " that line blow my mind every time . nicky definitely . dad I do not care what kind of mood you be in at the start of that song . when it 's over , that mood have be alter . wow. great shit . what 's next ? nicky well , I think that after mess with you head , I would give you a little kick in the keester . Hit the tape player . " enter sandman " blast . dad who be this , Metal - lick - a ? nicky metallica , dad . come on . dad I be just play with you . dad and nicky dance to the song . int . throne room - later close on dad . dad I be sorry . after careful consideration , I regretfully have to decline . on person he's talking to : dan marino . dan c'mon , man , I be just ask for one superbowl ring . dad in exchange for eternal damnation of you soul ? you be too nice of a guy for I to want to do that to you , Mr. Marino . dan you do it for namath . dad yeah , but Joe be come here anyways . just go back to Earth and enjoy you record and the Hall of Fame and the beautiful family and all that . dan this be bullshit , man . ( get up to leave ) I be gonna win the superbowl this year , with or without you ! dad now you be talk . Dan exit . nicky you be a good devil , dad . dad and I also happen to be a jet fan . nicky and dad share a laugh which be interrupt by faint siren . the gatekeeper enter in a hurry and fall to he knee . gatekeeper you highness , cassius and adrian have escape from hell . they go through the fire , and they break it . I think they take the New York tunnel . I try to stop they , but they overpower I , sir . dad oh , boy . oh boy . calm down . get off you knee . the gatekeeper stand up . gatekeeper thanks for be so understanding , you worship . you be the man . you have always be the man . dad 's eye glow red as the gatekeeper stand up . two huge boob grow out of either side of the gatekeeper 's head . we only see they from the front for a second . from behind the gatekeeper , we see the boob but not the nipple as he talk to nicky . gatekeeper ( cont 'd ) ( to nicky ) I be lucky to get away with just the head boob , right ? nicky coulda be much worse . gatekeeper that 's what I be thinkin ' ... dad be stare off . he look shake . dad this be bad , nicky . nicky how bad ? dad I be gonna die , nicky . if the gate be break , no new soul can get in , which mean I will start to deteriorate into nothing . grandpa lucifer enter . lucifer what 's with all the whoo - whoo noise ? dad everything 's fine , pop . lucifer last time you say that the renaissance happen . dad please , pop , just go back to you room . lucifer ( regard gateskeeper ) can I take he with I and have sex with he head ? dad sure , pop . whatever you want . the gatekeeper walk towards lucifer . gatekeeper oh , this be gonna be a whole new lifestyle for I , be not it . ext . gate of hell - shortly after we see the coal be cool down on the road and the damned soul in hell be sneaking off . the demon be baffle and do not quite know what to do . dad , Jimmy and nicky walk to the freeze fire . damned soul ( o.s. ) what 's go on ? where be we ? we keep hearing people hit behind the freeze fire with loud thud . jimmy the demon nothing 's get through that . the fire be solid as a rock . nicky we gotta get this bad boy burn again . idea ? dad to do that cassius and adrian have to come back through the other way . nicky so go get them , dad ! dad I be too weak . the process have already begin . dad hold up he hand . his pink be hang by a thread . we see the bigfoot monster grunt disgust by the sight . nicky so go get them , Jimmy ! jimmy the demon I be just a demon , nicky . I do not get devil blood in I . I would last two minute up there with you brother . nicky you be not say it 's up to I ? the monster put he hand over he eye shaking he head as if to say , " oh no . " nicky ( cont 'd ) I have never be to Earth . I have never even sleep over at some other dude 's house ! jimmy the demon you be the spawn of Satan . you get it in you . dad nicky , the worst thing that could happen on Earth be you get kill , in which case , boom , you end up back here . nicky be you tell I I have to go to Earth and kill my brother ? jimmy the demon not go . they leave together at the exact same time . they gotta come back together at the exact same time . dad take a ornate flask from he robe . dad here . get they drunk from this . one sip and they will be trap inside . once you have get both of they , you bring the flask back through the gate . dad 's pinky be hang . Jimmy pull it off and examine it . the monster gag . jimmy the demon you ol ' man 's get less than a week . nicky look petrify . nicky no . this can not be happen . dad Son , just do you best . nicky look teary eye . the moment be break by the monster , who run in and push nicky through the fire . nicky go through the solid fire wall . pause . the monster tap he own wrist and look at dad as if to say , " gotta get a move on . " int . grand central station platform - day a sign : 42nd ST . grand central pan down to the darken bowel of the old station , between two track , to a putrid puddle . nicky break through the surface , sputtering . we hear a rumbling in the near distance . nicky okay . Earth . the Blue marble . this do not look too bad . nicky see a fast approach light , furrow he brow and whammm ! ext . gate of hell - moment later nicky come shoot through the solid fire wall and land in the coal pit . his dad limp back to he . jimmy the demon you be go ten second . what happen ? nicky I get hit by a big light that be attach to a lot of metal . dad that 's a train , son . do not stand in front of they . nicky well , I guess I be go to have to take a mulligan on this one . dad please , nicky , get back up there . ( he ear fall off ) try to hurry . nicky climb up and head back toward the fire wall . int . grand central station platform - day nicky make it back through the hole . look both way and hop out of the hole . he carefully cross the track and be stop by the sight of a bulldog , beefy , on the other side . in he mouth be one of that sign car service driver use to identify they passenger at the airport . on the sign be scrawle " nicky . " nicky and beefy stare at each other a beat . nicky I be nicky . beefy drop the sign from he mouth . beefy ( voice of Sandy wernick ) hey , terrific !! now get off the track and come with I , shitstain . int . grand central station - pavillion - day the throng of commuter make they way through the terminal be give a wide berth to the filthy man who 's look around suspiciously , talk to the dog . beefy my name 's beefy . I be a old friend of you father 's . he 's ask I to help you out . nicky I just need to find my brother and be on my way , beefy . beefy it 's not gonna be easy . you brother can possess people . so they probably will not look like themselves . you have to be suspicious of everyone . nicky look at beefy warily for a beat . nicky okay , " bro , " this jig be up ... ( pull out the flask ) just get in the bottle . just slide right on in there . beefy it 's not I , moron . nicky oh. sorry . ext . grand central station - day a blind preacher rant outside the entrance . people put money in he pot . preacher oh how the Lord love you . all he child . ( passerby put in money ) he thanks you for you kindness . ( another woman put in money ) God bless , ma'am . the Lord love you ... the Lord love you ... we see nicky and beefy walk up from behind . the preacher sniff . preacher ( cont 'd ) the Lord do not love you . I sense ... pure evil . ( thrust he cross in nicky 's face ) you make the Lord very nervous . ( feel hot ) I be burn ... ahhh. ( run away ) the Devil walk among we ! he run off scream , wildly bump into people . preacher ( cont 'd ) oh Lord , save we from Hell 's beast ! he get off course and run right into a subway entrance . he disappear . beefy turn to nicky . beefy makin ' friend already . nicky ( shiver a little ) it 's freezing up here , beefy . beefy you be on Earth now , kid . gonna have the same physical need and limitation a human have . we will stop by k -mart . get you some warm clothes . nicky I also have this odd pain in my mid section . kind of a hollow feel ... beefy that pain be hunger . ext . bench - day k-mart bag be next to a bench . pan up to see nicky wear a extra warm ski outfit . sitting next to he on the bench be beefy . between they be a big bucket of popeye's fried chicken . nicky take out a drumstick . nicky so far , so good . now what ? beefy put it in you mouth . nicky put it in he mouth . hold it there . beefy ( cont 'd ) move you tooth up and down . nicky do . he chew for a long time . beefy ( cont 'd ) now you gotta swallow it . tilt you head back and let the meat slide down you throat-hole . nicky do . he get a look of complete joy on he face . nicky hey ... popeye 's chicken be ass kickin ' ! beefy it sure be . now eat it up . you be gonna need you energy . nicky I get energy up the ying - ying . let 's get crack ! nicky stand with a drumstick and jog off the curb right into the path of a move bus . int . gate of hell - moment later the monster be rub the gatekeeper 's boob . the gatekeeper be wear a modify bra . he seem to be enjoy it . we hear a thud . they look down to see nicky on the ground . ( we do not see he fly through this time . ) the monster and gatekeeper immediately stop . kind of embarrassed . gatekeeper hey . nicky that 's a pretty brassiere . gatekeeper thanks . nicky could you maybe not tell anyone about this ? gatekeeper you get it . could you maybe not tell anyone about this ? nicky you get it . nicky turn and walk toward the firewall . as soon as he back be turn , the monster pantomime to the gatekeeper , " I love you boob . " the gatekeeper give a flirtatious laugh ( we do not see he morph back through the wall here . ) . ext . village STREET - day beefy be walk with he down the street . nicky be crazy cautious . nicky from now on . I be just go to avoid all move metal object . beefy great . now you father give I some deposit money for a nice pad on the Upper East side . but I misplace it . flashback dissolve to : int . strip club - night beefy be sit on a bench / booth at a strip club . Champagne be on the table . bill in he mouth . we see three dancers dance for he . flashback dissolve to : ext . village STREET nicky and beefy . beefy so I find this other joint for you . but you be gonna have a roommate . int . apartment - night a scruffy , thirtyish buy , todd ( Allen covert ) , be on the phone in he small , bohemian apartment in the Village . todd ( on phone ) I know exactly how you feel ... the night Reagan be elect , I say to my mother , " be this man go to blow up the world , mommy ? " then we both cry for like a hour . ( knock at the door ) somebody 's here . call you later . Todd get up and open the door . it 's nicky , with beefy by he side . nicky be nervous , and he speech sound practice . nicky hello , friend , my name be nicky . I understand you be seek a roommate , as per you advertisement in the Village Voice . would it be possible for I to fill the slot ? todd uh , do not you want to know what the rent be ? nicky look down at beefy . beefy look up at nicky . both nod imperceptibly . nicky yes . what be rent ? todd eight -hundre , split down the middle . tuesday and thursdays I rehearse with my scene partner so the live room will be off limit . nicky off limit . todd right . and as far as household item : we can share the soap , but we will split the cost 60/40 . Cause the person who physically go out and busy the soap should not have to pay as much as the other guy . ( look at nicky ) be not you boil in that outfit ? nicky no. todd it 's like eighty degree in this hallway . you from the South ? nicky yeah . the deep South . nicky laugh a little too hard . todd why be that funny ? nicky I do not know . todd and sorry , man , but no dog allow . Todd turn and go into the apartment . beefy you will be alright . go on . Big day tomorrow . do not forget to do that sleep thing I tell you about . nicky get ya. ( to Todd ) be it okay if I do the sleep thing ? todd yeah , you bedroom be right over there . the door close . beefy look down at the welcome mat . it read : I " heart " method acting . beefy raise he leg over it . int . nicky's room nicky be sleep on top of the hiss radiator , fully clothed . when he inhale through he nose , we hear that familiar snore / snort sound . but when he exhales , we hear disturbing " speak - in - tongue " , exorcist - style voice . slow pan across the room to the doorway where Todd stand , look concerned . ext . cathedral - morning we hear the bell toll . we see the beautiful exterior of a large church . int . cathedral close on a elderly , kind look cardinal . he ascend the step to the pulpit and look out on he large congregation . we see that tv camera be cover the sunday service . he gin he homily . cardinal in today 's gospel , the Lord tell we who we be to live if we wish to attain the splendor of Heaven ... or something like that . Jesus sure say a lot of stuff in the Bible . mose this . mose that . abraham hit I with a whiffle ball bat . the crowd stare dumbfounded . we see that the cardinal be stand on a steaming hot pizza which be still in the box with the top open . cardinal ( cont 'd ) yep , the Lord sure do say a bunch of hibbity - jibbity . but have he ever really do anything for we ? have he ever put a jaguar xjr in my driveway ? have he ever give any of my enemy the herpes ? no . he have not do a damn thing for any of we . a middle - aged woman stand up . middle - aged woman the Lord give my son the strength to get off drug . cardinal ma'am , I know you son , and believe I , he be better off on drug . he 's a bore . at least when he be smoking hashish , he make I laugh occasionally . a young man and he pregnant wife stand up . young man after we try for many year , the Lord finally help my wife conceive a baby . cardinal no , you best friend fitzie help you wife conceive a baby . he help she conceive it all night long . fitzie , who 's sit on the other side of the wife , start to " raise the roof . " then think better of it . the cardinal point to a well - dress man in the front pew . cardinal ( cont 'd ) how about you , Mr. Mayor ? the Lord ever do anything for you ? the Mayor have tinfoil on he foot . mayor ( stand ) well , I wish I could think of something , cardinal , but to be honest with you , I can not . kind of make you wonder if there even be a Lord . if there be any ultimate punishment for we so-called " sin . " maybe we should all just have fun and do whatever the hell we want . a hubbub be raise by the crowd . fitzie raise the roof again , this time energetically . cardinal amen to that . let the sin begin ! the hubbub grow to a roar . several people start fight over the money in the collection plate . the cardinal smile knowingly at the Mayor . we hear the cardinal 's thought - in adrian 's voice . adrian ( o.s. ) oh , this be delicious . on mayor he 's smirk . we hear he telepathic response . cassius ( o.s. ) ( laugh ) " let the sin begin " - that be a good one . adrian ( o.s. ) well , we must get people sinning if we want to fill up we New Hell . how be thing go down at City Hall ? cassius ( o.s. ) I lower the drink age to ten . adrian ( o.s. ) brilliant . this be so much fun . I never want it to end . cassius ( o.s. ) why should it end ? who 's gonna stop we ? the Mayor / cassius laugh . as he do , he eye slowly cross . ext . STREET - day beefy be take a dump on the sidewalk . pan over to : nicky , he pants around he ankle . he 's try to do the same . nicky this be intense ! and it happen every day ? sometimes twice ? I gotta tip my hat to you people ! beefy look , it 's okay for I to shit the street . but you gotta use a toilet . nicky ( pull up pants ) okay , just point I in the right direction next time . beefy come on , there 's like ten million people in this city and the clock be tick . nicky well , let 's rock and roll . nicky look at the next person walk by . it 's a chinese delivery guy on a bicycle . nicky clothesline he , take he off the bike in a sleeperhold / headlock . nicky ( cont 'd ) get in the bottle . dad 's fall apart . you froze the gate and you be kill he . drink ! nicky put the flask to the chinese guy 's lip . chinese delivery guy I be not thirsty ! I be not thirsty ! nicky just get in the flask ! the chinese guy break loose , give nicky a roundhouse kick to the head and run away . nicky get up . nicky ( cont 'd ) adrian and cassius ! you think a kick to the head be gonna make I throw in the towel ? well , in the immortal word of juda Priest , " you get another thing comin' . " beefy shake he dog head and sigh as we see nicky hold the bottle up to a few more pedestrian . ext . STREET - day nicky approach various people as they pass . ( to be shot long lense , real people , real reaction . ) int . popeye be - day nicky get to the front of the line and try to get the cashier to drink . the cashier yank he head away and give nicky a dirty look . nicky shrug and point to the menu , order some chicken . ext . STREET - day nicky walk up to a homeless man . he thrust the bottle in he face . to nicky 's surprise , the homeless man gladly take it and drink . nothing happen . nicky be baffle . he try to take the flask back , but the man will not let go . finally he grab it away from he . the man start throw garbage at nicky as he walk away . int . central park zoo - day beefy be look around for nicky . he spot he - inside the polar bear cage . nicky approach the bear hold the flask . int . hell - moment later nicky shoot through the firewall , have be kill again . the gatekeeper be wear tassel on he boob . gatekeeper Bus ? nicky Beast . the monster laugh . gatekeeper ( to monster ) you like that ? you think that 's funny ? the gatekeeper swirl he tassel . gatekeeper ( cont 'd ) how about that ? you like that ? the monster howl with delight . ext . central park - day nicky sit on the rock , beat and exhaust , eat a popeye 's drumstick . nicky all that run and chase be make the sleep thing want to come early . beefy I think we have to work on narrowing down we list of suspect . now I be go to go check in with some of my contact uptown . beefy hear nicky 's strange terrible snore . he 's asleep . beefy sigh . beefy ( cont 'd ) kid 's get a lot of evil in he , just begging to come out ... beefy walk away . ext . various central park location - day nicky snore . mass of bird fly out of the tree . nicky snore . Squirrels run out of tree . nicky snore . on worried people stare at nicky who continue to snore . two heavy -metal guy , JOHN and peter , be listen to danzig and do a goofy dance . they hear something and turn the music down : it 's the distant sound of nicky 's snore . peter sound like we devil dance actually work this time . JOHN ' Bout time ... nicky snore . it sound like " I will eat you heart . " the worried people run away . nicky snore . Children on the carousel , go real fast , upset . nicky snore . Peter and John walk over to a position near nicky 's bench . JOHN ( cont 'd ) there 's we man . peter Mr. sleepyhead must have some major tie to the dark side . a sleazy STREET vendor shuffles over towards nicky . he eye the flask which be half hang out of nicky 's pocket . JOHN what 's with that guy ? peter gotta be one of he disciple or something . suddenly , the vendor grab the flask ( and nicky 's half - eat drumstick ) and run off . JOHN yo , man , I think that devil guy just get rip off . peter should we wake he up ? JOHN yeah . you do it . Peter get up and shake nicky who come to with a loud snort . peter rise and shine , devil guy . some dude just steal you shit . nicky feel for the flask . it 's go . nicky oh nooooo .... Fire shoot out of nicky 's mouth . nicky ( cont 'd ) which way do he go ? JOHN that way . nicky be about to run off . look at John 's shirt . nicky Iron maiden live double disc be simply phenomenal . he run off . peter do you check out the dragon mouth ? JOHN the Dark Prince be here . ext . side STREET - day nicky be search the street for he flask . he walk past several STREET vendor who have set up they ware on the sidewalk . pause . nicky come walk back into frame as he see he flask ( and half - eat drumstick ) lay on the blanket of the vendor . nicky hey ... STREET vendor see something you like , my man ? nicky yes . I would like my flask back . the street vendor stand , very angry . STREET vendor you callin ' I a thief , my man ? nicky no , I be just call you ... a guy who have my flask . STREET vendor and if that be you so -called " flask , " how would I have it unless I be , in fact , a thief ? nicky ( not sure what the answer be ) I do not know ? a yuppie jogger be check out the flask . man yeah , how much for the silver flask there ? STREET vendor well , that 's a very special item . the cap itself be one hundred percent plappium . it 's a value be over three thousand dollar . man really . where 's it from ? nicky it be handcraft in hell by Satan himself and be only to be use for the capture and containment of my blood brother so that the firefall of hade will burn brightly once again . man really . I think we will let you keep it then . he walk away . STREET vendor okay , now you go and do it . you do mess with my business bitch ! nicky Sir , I would prefer if you do not raise you voice . it 's make my muscle tighten . we see that nicky 's eye be start to glow red . STREET vendor oh , you gonna go all crazy eye on I ? I will show you some crazy eye . let 's get busy . the vendor make a even crazier face at nicky and start swinging he fist around . nearby , valerie , a unsure , sweetly unstylish young woman , be sell clothes off a spread out blanket . she notice what 's go on . nicky 's eye widen in panic . just then , Valerie step in . valerie Excuse I , do that flask belong to this man ? STREET vendor ( frustrated ) now you callin ' I a thief ? damn . valerie look , I know you come out here and sell steal stuff all the time . but today , the guy you steal from just happen to walk by and bust you . so why do not you admit today 's not you day and give he he flask back ? STREET vendor or what be you gonna do about it ? Ugly I to death ? valerie no , but maybe that cop over there might have something to say . Valerie point to a cop across the street . the Street vendor ponder this for a second , then ... STREET vendor aw , take you dumb -ass canteen , goofy . ( look at Valerie ) and you , take you raggedy - ass clothes and find a new corner . before I show you what real crazy be . the vendor do crazy eye again . valerie Fine . I will . nicky pick up the flask and the drumstick . nicky hey , mister . I will be see you in a few year . Valerie gather she blanket , start walk away and nicky follow she . nicky ( cont 'd ) that be amazing . thanks so much . you do not have to do that . valerie that 's okay . I get mess with all the time and when I see he do that to you I just lose it . I hate when people take advantage of tourist . it ruin it for the rest of we . nicky you think I be a tourist ? valerie I be sorry . I just assume . you accent maybe . where be you from ? nicky the South . valerie really ? nicky yeah . deep south . ( laugh hard ) she laugh along with he , not sure why . valerie why be you laugh ? nicky I do not know , but I like it . say . you glass be nice . they make you eye look sparkly and big . it 's fun to look at they . valerie my dad 's a optometrist . nicky my dad 's in hell , and he 's fall apart . valerie I be sorry . it 's really tough when you parent get older . nicky if I do not save he , I do not know what I be gonna do . valerie well , I be sure a nice southern boy like you will figure something out . nicky be experience new sensation as he look at she . he hand she the half - eat drumstick . nicky here , have a popeye 's . this drumstick be not for beatin ' it 's for eatin' . valerie that 's alright . I already eat lunch . I actually would not mind get a gelati . nicky could I come with you to get a gelati ? valerie if you want to . nicky want to ? a million angry octopus people could not hold I back ! valerie " octopus people ? " nicky uh , it 's a deep south expression . nicky laugh . ext . STREET - moment later they exit the ice cream store , eat gelati . nicky it 's freezing my hand . valerie it 's not that cold . here , let I wrap it . Valerie take a few napkin and wrap it for nicky . just then the preacher walk by . he quickly turn he head , sense nicky . preacher why do you taunt I with you darkness ?! you evil be stinking up we street ! we be all gonna die ! he take off run right into a lamp post . valerie this town be really go to hell lately . ( nicky nod ) so what part of the city do you live in ? nicky I have a apartment . I do not remember exactly where . my dog know , though . valerie ( laugh ) you have a dog ? what kind ? nicky I be not sure . I would ask he , but he 's uptown talk to he contact . ext . downtown STREET - day beefy be screwing a female dog from behind . beefy remember , it 's not the size of the boat , it 's the motion of the ocean . girl dog just finish . ext . STREET - valerie &amp ; nicky continuous - day valerie I would love to have a dog . but I go to school full time . it would not be fair to the dog . nicky School ? valerie parson School of Design . I know grow up I be not much to look at , so I put my energy into make thing that be pretty . nicky what 's that pleasant smell come from , you skin ? valerie my perfume ? he take she wrist to he nose . he stare at it , lick it . valerie ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) it 's call " comptoir sud Pacific . " which I think be the french word for coconut . nicky stop and look at she . nicky Valerie , it feel like there 's a bunch of butterfly flap around in my stomach . be that normal ? valerie sometimes , sure . nicky good . I be concerned . ext . gate of hell - day the gatekeeper be near the freeze fall . we hear loud wail , moan , etc. , come from the other side . gatekeeper do not sound very good behind there . I hope nicky 's kick some ass on Earth . the monster be smoking a cigarette and wear a leather biker 's hat . he nod along in agreement . pan to lucifer who 's sit over by a rock fishing in a small pool of fire / pond . lucifer you know , I be the one who create Hell . gatekeeper I know , you wickedness . lucifer I start slow , though . for year , I be just give people hot foot . actually , you can give all the credit for Hell to my first wife ; she be the inspiration . she be a ugly one , too . one day , she ask I if I want super sex . I say I will take the soup . the monster laugh really hard . lucifer ( cont 'd ) take it easy there , chewbacca . in fact , you look like she mother , except she have more hair . the monster laugh even harder . lucifer ( cont 'd ) you know what be in Hell when I come down here , cassius ? gatekeeper it 's stanley , sir . lucifer nothing . no mountain . no castle . look like a giant parking lot . it be not even call Hell . gatekeeper what be it call , sir . lucifer boogerland ! gatekeeper that 's nice , grandpa . why do not you just enjoy the fishing ? lucifer I can not enjoy anything . I go fishing . I catch nothing . I go to orgy , I catch everything ... we hear the monster laugh again as we pan down grandpa 's fishing line to : ext . underwater - day we see a miniature peeper squirming on the fish hook . a giant fange fish engulf the peeper 's body . only he head be stick out . peeper I deserve this ! ext . bar - down the STREET - day several eleven year-old stumble out , drunk . kid I just steal twenty - five buck off the bar . kid # 2 how many beer do you have ? kid # 3 eight sip . kid I have five ! I be so waste . they both high five , throw up and fall . pan over to adrian sit on top of a mailbox laugh as he sip from a bottle of peppermint schnapp . adrian when a adult go to Hell , that 's terrific . but when a child go ... that 's why I be in this business . adrian look across the street and see nicky walk with Valerie . he 's shocked . Valerie be hold up a pair of drawstring pants from she collection . nicky so you be say , make all pants with a drawstring , then heavier set gal do not have to feel humiliate by tell they waist size in front of the whole store ? valerie basically , yeah . nicky wow . maybe you should make drawstring sock for gal with fat ankle . Valerie laugh . valerie you know what 's nice about you ? you just seem happy be yourself . you do not try to act cool . nicky thanks much . you know what 's nice about you , Valerie ? valerie what ? up the street , adrian 's eye redden . nicky look like he 's be stunne by something . nicky you juicy , heart - shape ass . valerie what be that ? nicky ( shocked and confuse ) I ... I do not know why I just say that . I mean to say that ... quick CUT to : adrian 's eye flash . nicky ( cont 'd ) ... I have always want to have sex with a gross pig . what do you say we go behind that dumpster , pull we pants down and see what happen ? Valerie 's very hurt . valerie you be a jerk . she turn and walk away . nicky look over and see adrian . his inner voice speak to he . nicky ( o.s. ) adrian ! adrian ( o.s. ) you should not have come here . nicky ( o.s. ) please , get out of my mind ! adrian 's eye flash . nicky ( cont 'd ) hey , Valerie ! she stop and turn . nicky raise he fist to resist adrian 's force . it 's too much . his middle finger come up , give she the " finger . " valerie what the hell 's you problem ? she run away cry . nicky turn to adrian who 's still across the street . nicky ( o.s. ) adrian , you gotta come back to Hell . dad 's sick . adrian ( o.s. ) he 's sick ? nicky ( o.s. ) yeah , he need soul to live . when you guy leave , you break the gate . we gotta get the gate burn again before he die . adrian process this . adrian ( o.s. ) he should have think of that before he deny I my birthright . nicky ( o.s. ) well maybe you should go back and talk it over with he . adrian ( o.s. ) how about this ? I stay here enjoy my schnapp and you go back . nicky 's body jerk around . nicky ( o.s. ) adrian , please ... nicky , fight control over he body , walk slowly and crazily into the middle of the street where he see a large truck bear down on he . JOHN and peter get blood splatter on they . Peter look down to see the " 666 " form in blood on they clothes . peter check this out . the number of the beast . they laugh and hi-five . on the tv - day int . CBS evening news program Dan Rather speak to the camera . over he shoulder we see a graphic of the arch - decon 's face . note ( arch - decon be a make up religious figure that appear earlier in the script . ) dan rather reverberation from arch - decon donnelly 's shocking speech be still be feel throughout the city . today , some disgruntled cast member of the play cat break the fourth wall in a most hostile manner . video footage a few cat be down in the aisle physically push around shocked audience member . back on dan rather dan rather ... but even that do not come close to what happen today on live with regis and Kathy Lee . video footage the set of regis and Kathy Lee . regis so I be drive to work today , and some bozo in a cadillac cut I off ... kathy lee oh , that 's terrible , reege ... regis so I follow he ... kathy lee you follow he ? regis I follow he all the way downtown , and when he get out of the car , I reach under my seat and pull out a aluminum bat . kathy lee you keep a bat under you seat ? regis recently , yes ! so I run up behind this guy , and start bashing he brain in with this bat , and it make I feel happy ! do you ever see the untouchables ? kathy lee yes , great movie ... regis I be deniro ! the blue haire lady audience be cry . the tv turn off . we pull back to see that we be in . int . todd be apartment - day beefy turn to nicky . beefy you brother be upsetting the balance of good and evil . nicky what can I do about it ? beefy you can not do jack shit ... unless you learn you evil power . nicky nobody 's as evil as my brother . that dude put the wick in wick . beefy go get a soda out of the fridge . nicky but that be my roommate 's soda ... beefy ( high -pitch mock ) " but that be my roommate 's soda ... " do that sound like a statement the son of the devil would make ? nicky , ashamed , get a Coke out of the fridge and place it on the coffee table . he and beefy sit on the couch and stare at the Coke . beefy ( cont 'd ) you have the power to change the cola in that can into any other liquid - engine oil , bat 's blood , moose piss . you just have to release the evil within you . nicky release the evil ? beefy I be just say , there 's wickedness in you ... I can tell from you snore . nicky stare at the can . beefy ( cont 'd ) release you evil ... nicky frown and bite he lip . the can rattles a little . todd what be you do ? Todd be stand in the doorway . beefy run to the fire escape . ******************* todd ( cont 'd ) I know it 's you live room night . but can I finish watch the globetrotter ' game out here ? to I it 's classic comedia dellarte . CUT to : int . todd be apartment - moment later the tv click on . we see todd sit down and look at the tv . nicky 's behind he . on tv int . basketball arena - day bill walton what a odd game , folk . the powerhouse 85 - 0 harlem globetrotter , who normal run circle around the 0 - 85 national , seem to be struggle to find they groove in front of they hometown fan . a globetrotter make a fancy pass to another player , who make a fancy pass to cornrow who start do some vintage globetrotter fancy dribbling . the ref blow the whistle and make the travel signal . ref he 's walk , get he a bus ! bill walton oh , another awful call . there be no way that be travel . ref take ball from cornrow , who get in the ref 's face . cornrow what 's with all this crazy call ? you gotta watch that shit , we have not lose a game in 53 year . ref technical foul ! ref snap just like cassius in the player ' face . on todd and nicky nicky that guy in the stripe shirt snap he finger like someone I know ... on tv the ref mind wrestle four globetrotter to simultaneously slam they head on the scorer table again and again . on todd and nicky nicky ( cont 'd ) it look like the work of a brother ... todd a black guy ? nicky if it 's cassius , yes . nicky race for the door . int . basketball arena - day as the ref taunt the crowd , a fan wear a globetrotter 's shirt yell out . globetrotter fan get you head out you ass , ref ! the kid come to see the globetrotter win . ref oh , so you wanna lip off to I ? unsportsmanlike conduct on the big mouth in the globetrotter 's shirt . take ten point off for the globetrotter . the globetrotter 's score on the board go from 46 to 36 . on stand the kide be cry . on court the halftime buzzer sound . the globetrotter walk off the court . the crowd boos . bill walton in all my year of basketball , I be never so happy to hear a halftime buzzer . folk , I be afraid if the second half do not get any better , I expect a full scale riot . a spotlight point to a announcer at mid-court . court announcer it 's time for the globetrotter 's halftime half - court heave throw , where one lucky fan will have a shot at ten thousand dollar ! a brick land at the announcer 's foot . court announcer ( cont 'd ) and if he make it , everyone in attendance today will receive a free pizza . int . arena tunnel - continuous miguel , wear a big basketball jersey , look nervous . he have a pass on . miguel I be not goin ' out there and take the shot . this people have go crazy . nicky I will take the shot . int . basketball arena stand - continuous as nicky run out on the court , Peter turn to John . peter look who 's back from the dead . JOHN six , six , six , pick up stick . they high - five . the only happy fan in they section . int . todd be apartment - continuous Todd 's baffle , look at he roommate on tv . beefy be watch from the fire escape . todd what 's nicky do down there ? beefy try to capture he brother in a flask and preserve the balance of good and evil on Earth . Todd look over , suspicious . todd do you just talk ? beefy no. int . basketball arena - continuous the court announcer cover he mic and whisper to nicky . court announcer you better win this people some free pizza . look like they be about to start kill each other . stand a businessman push a very old soda guy down a aisle of stair . courtside the court announcer hand nicky the ball . he look at it . nicky release the evil . his eye get red . stare at the ball , it explode . nicky ( cont 'd ) okay , too much evil .. Bill Walton 's hair be on fire . bill walton I think that ball just blow up . and yes , my hair be aflame . nicky ( turn to sideline ) could I get another ball ? the court announcer throw out another ball . nicky stare at it again with red eye . nicky ( cont 'd ) I command you not to blow up and go into that metal circle . nicky throw a underhand shot . the ball arc through the air and be about to go in when the ref come out of nowhere and swat it away . ref get that crap outta here ! the crowd boos ! nicky and the ref stare at each other . nicky ( o.s. ) I know you be have fun , cassius , but you gotta come back to Hell . cassius ( o.s. ) look around you , nicky . we be in Hell . the New Hell . stand we see fitzie , sit between two pregnant women , raise the roof . courtside as the crowd boos , nicky run over and grab the microphone . nicky listen up , New York . you soul be in great danger ... nicky get hit by a hot dog . nicky ( cont 'd ) alright , how about this ? I get one more shot . the ref will cover I . I miss it , the globetrotter forfeit the game . I make it , he do not ref the second half and we all start conduct ourselves like decent human being again . the crowd be silent . nicky ( cont 'd ) and we get free pizza . the crowd roar . int . announcing booth - continuous Bill Walton 's hair be now burnt look . bill walton I think it 's safe to say we be all root for this bizarre and hideous look man . Bill Walton reach over to a old lady sit near he . he take off she wig , leave behind she bald head , and put she wig on he head in order to cover he burnt hair . the crowd start yelling . crowd nicky ! nicky ! nicky ! stand John and Peter be yell the loudest . courtside the ref walk to half - court and hand nicky the ball . nicky you know , dad get very sick when you leave . ref I hear . I be glad he 's die . it 's my turn now . nicky 's eye get red , he start dribble . int . todd be apartment - continuous beefy be watch , transfix . beefy take he to the hole , nicky . ( Todd stare ) I mean , woof ! woof ! Todd look at beefy , terrify . int . tunnel we see cornrow and some other globetrotter be come back from the locker room . they stop to watch . int . basketball court - midcourt - continuous nicky push the ball up the court while the ref play extremely tight defense . nicky fake one way , then head toward the basket . the ref stay tight . nicky 's eye be redder than ever . he fake leave , he fake right . he dribble behind the back , dribble between the leg , then take he momentum up toward the basket . he jump from the foul line and fly through the air . he emit a crazy , blood curdle , devil yell . CUT away during devil yell to : shot clock it read : 666 . popcorn and soda explode . cornrow 's cornrow pop open into a giant afro . back on nicky nicky 's head start turn and do a 360 ( like the exorcist ) . he end he flight by slamm down a thunderous dunk , crack the backboard 's glass into piece . he hit the ref on the way down . the crowd cheer , finally happy again . nicky never doubt my skill . int . tunnel - continuous cornrow damn , I gotta learn how to do that . mid-court nicky see the ref be lie on the basketball arena floor , cover in glass . he get up slowly ref that 's nut . when would you learn that shit ? nicky sorry , cassius . maybe it be the super devil juice dad give I . he think I might need it for just such a occasion . regis Super devil juice ? give it over . let 's go best two out of three . nicky ( pull out the flask ) no. no way . dad say it be only for I . the ref rip the flask from nicky and drink . cassius scream like bloody hell as he be suck out of the ref 's mouth and into the bottle . whoosh ! the ref slump to the floor . stand still quiet until John and Peter rush to nicky and bow . courtside nicky peer into the flask . cassius ( o.s. ) damn you , nicky ! there be not no super devil juice in here ! nicky cap the flask . nicky wave to the stunne , but appreciative crowd . int . todd be apartment - night a homemade cake be laid out . it read : congratulation , nicky . JOHN , todd , peter and beefy be there . todd so you father 's the devil , you be a talk dog send from Hell , and you guy be who ? peeper just a couple of big fan of nicky and the work he dad do . JOHN by the way , nicky . check this out . he spin he Black sabbath backwards . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what 's ozzy try to say there ? nicky absolutely nothing . the Blizzard always come straight with he message . but wrap you mind around this one . nicky get up and we see he be sit on a hibachi . he pus on a James Taylor album and play it backwards . voice I command you in the name of the lucifer to spread the blood of the innocent . John and Peter look at each other , shocked . JOHN no wonder you uncle 's so weird ... todd I gotta say this cake taste a little funny . peter oh , I dumped a fat sack of reefer in the mix . try to spice up the bash . nicky take a big bite of cake . nicky what 's reefer ? dissolve to : int . apartment - later pan up from popeye 's lay everywhere . everyone 's laugh hard . JOHN come on . one more time . nicky not again , fella . it kind of hurt . peter please . you get to . nicky ( resign ) all right ... nicky loosen up he neck and make he head go around 360 degree . everyone crack up , high fives . even Todd laugh . pan over to beefy , who have bloodshot eye . beefy I use to get baked like this with my first girlfriend , Heather . we would get so stone she would forget I be a dog . JOHN she be human ? beefy actually , she be a sewer rat . man , that piss my parent off . JOHN I date a japanese girl once . my parent disapprove . not cause she 's japanese , but cause she be only fifteen . nicky I be only fifteen ... thousand year old . everyone crack up . todd I be in love one time but she say I be not financially reliable enough . and she need that . JOHN by she , do you mean he ? todd no. beefy busted . ( laugh ) peter how you feelin ' over there , Satan Abdul jabar ? nicky a little strange . I can not stop think about this girl , Valerie . todd why ? do she hurt you ? do you miss she ? need a shoulder to cry on ? JOHN easy , liberace . todd oh , would you grow up . nicky we have the great afternoon of my life until adrian make I tell she she have a heart - shape ass . beefy maybe you love she . but what do I know ? I be baked out of my mind . peter I , too . we be gonna get go . todd you guy want to stay ? I have a futon in my bedroom . JOHN that 's a big pass , elton John . peter we be go to see ozzy play at the meadowlands , right now . wanna come , nicky ? nicky no thanks . I be afraid I would not be able to give ozzy the focus he deserve . JOHN whoa , that chick must be the real deal , then . later on . nicky see ya , fella . they leave . beefy ( o.s. ) you better snap out of it soon , kid . Cause we be go after adrian tomorrow . Seven am . nighty , night . he fall asleep and start snore . we hear the SOUND of three little girl sing " Ring around the rosie " as he exhales . todd that be the most frightening thing I have ever see . nicky stand and move to the window . he look out longingly over the sleep city ... achingly . rack focus behind he , we see Todd nodd encouragingly in the reflection . nicky Todd . which way to the parson 's School of Design ? ext . parson's school of design - night nicky walk around the corner . sign read : " parson 's School - Student house " nicky be stand in front of the dorm room . he look up . scan the window , he pick up a scent . nicky ( he sniff ) coconut ... nicky go to the fire escape and start to climb . his nose lead he . he reach the window , sniff heavily . int . dorm room window - continuous a student be stand in the window drape in silk , feel he nipple with he leg cross like the guy in " silence of the lamb . " the student be startle . student hello . nicky you smell like coconut . student it 's " comptoir sud Pacific . " make I feel like a hula girl . which be kinda what I be go for . wanna come in ? nicky no thanks . I be look for a girl name Valerie who also smell like coconut . student Valerie doran ? two floor up , one window over . nicky thanks , much . good luck with the genital tucking . student I do not need luck . I be good . nicky float away . a few second later , he float back , hold up the flask . nicky adrian ? student Andrew . nicky nod and float off . ext . valerie' window - moment later nicky crouch outside she window and peer in . int . valerie' room - continuous cool music . she be up late . work by candlelight on a fantastic design . something 's not work . she drape a beautiful fabric over another . she smile at the combination . she be happy be creative . nicky feel he heart swell as he watch she . on nicky he 's so enrapture he lean forward try to kiss she . his head bump the window . she turn , startle . she see the beam nicky . nicky hey . valerie nicky ? oh my g-d . stay right there . pause . Valerie open the window and spray a can of mace right in nicky 's face . nicky oh that sting ! my eye be on fire ! nicky stand up and stumble around . valerie what be you think come here ? nicky I be not sure , but it do not involve get blind with poison . he bounce off the front rail , stumble backward and go fly over the back rail . ext . valerie' STREET - night we see nicky hurtle toward the street . holding he eye . valerie oh my G -d , I be so sorry ! suddenly he stop . suspend above ground . Valerie do not hear the expect thud . valerie ( cont 'd ) nicky ? he float up , but he can not see . nicky Valerie ? valerie be you dead ? nicky no. valerie what be you do ? nicky I think I be float . valerie why would you be float ? nicky I do not know . maybe it 's because of you sweet voice . valerie be I suppose to not be freak out right now ? because I be . he 's float up . he slow down . nicky I can not see you but I can smell you . and you make I feel alive in a way I have never feel before . CUT to reveal he 's float outside the student 's window . the student 's drip candle wax on he belly . student you get the wrong window again , man . nicky oh. sorry , Andrew . Valerie ? nicky resume float up . valerie I be over here , nicky ! to the leave . nicky be parallel with she . he hover in front of she , eye still water . she punch nicky in the face , and he fly back ten foot . valerie ( cont 'd ) look , just because you be float do not mean I be gonna forget about you give I the finger . nicky that be not I . I be be possess by my brother , adrian . he 's the one who call you a gross pig . valerie what do you mean , " possess ? " nicky remember when I tell you my dad be in Hell ? valerie yes ... nicky well , that 's because he 's the Devil . and he want to keep he throne for another ten-thousand year . which be fine with I , but not with my brother , so they break out of Hell , cause my dad ... valerie ... " the Devil ? " ... nicky ...to decompose . and I love my dad very much . so I come to Earth to save he but then crazy eye steal my flask and I meet you and ... well , my dog tell I I just might be in love with you . his vision be clear and he can start to see she . she be totally in shock but still here . valerie okay , now I get that " deep south " joke . nicky laugh . Valerie join in . valerie ( cont 'd ) I do not know if I should believe you . nicky start to drop . nicky you gotta believe I . you gotta believe in the butterfly . valerie okay , I do . get back up here . he float up to she hold out he hand . nervously , she take he hand and suddenly she be lift off and they be fly . ext . manhattan - sky - night they fly past the empire state build . valerie this be amazing . they soar past some more building . ext . STREET - night the preacher sense something . he look to the sky , then hold the cross from around he neck as high as he can . preacher the hellbeast be above we . he 's invade we sky ! we be all gonna die ! we be all gonna die ! ext . sky - night valerie he 's kind of ruin the mood . nicky let I take care of that . ext . STREET - continuous the preacher be still angrily shouting towards the sky . preacher we be all gonna die ! a fire hydrant cap turn and come off . a powerful blast of water shoot out and hit the preacher , knocking he across the street into a plate glass window . ext . NYC sky - continuous valerie can we go fly over Central Park ? nicky next time . tonight , I want to share the most beautiful thing I could possibly imagine . ext . over the hudson river - night they fly over it , away from NYC . valerie we be go to Jersey ? nicky East rutherford . ext . meadowland - night they float high above the meadowlands . there be a outdoor concert go on . ozzfest . we hear the ozz on stage in he encore . he be sing " Mr. crowley . " nicky turn to Valerie . nicky I never think I would ever see ozzy live until he be dead . ( he look at she ) please tell I you like metal . valerie ( sing along to song ) " mister crowley , what 's inside of you head ... " nicky 's jaw drop as he stare at she . nicky my dog be right . I be in love with you . they slow dance tighter . the music swell . John and Peter look up from they seat far below . nicky see they while he 's hold she tight . they give thumb up . dissolve to : ext . CITY STREET - morning feeling great . spring in he step , we see nicky walk down the street . he stop and smell some flower at a Korean tommet . the korean point and seem agitate by he . nicky give they a friendly wave . nicky ( in Korean ) moo ya san jie bay ! the korean just glare . nicky 's confuse . music cue : a dissonant , nervous score accompany the rest of the sequence . ext . STREET - day a nut vendor leave he cart and start follow . nicky look back a little , unnerve . a taxi screech in front of he . the driver get out and go after he . ext . STREET - day a group of school girl in uniform break loose from they teacher and start chase nicky . ext . brownstone stoop - day a gigantically fat guy see nicky run by . he think about go after he but decide not to and take a big bite of a candy bar instead . ext . basketball court - day ten guy play wheelchair basketball see nicky . they point and start wheeling after he . ext . hilly STREET - day nicky be put some distance between he and the mob . nicky what 's go on here ? but when he head downhill , the guy in wheelchair start to catch up . they get closer and closer until ... nicky make a last second right turn into a alley . the wheelchair can not slow down and crash into a double decker tourist bus at the bottom of the street . the tourist on the top level look over the edge to see the crash . ext . alley - day nicky be panic , out of breath . a bum ( radioman ) rise up out of he cardboard box . the bum raise he bottle and thunks nicky on the head . it do not break . nicky ow ... what be that for ? bum fifty million dollar . the bum hold up a new york post . it read " monster wanted ! " and have a picture of nicky . nicky be shocked . nicky turn to run out of the alley , but the mob be there block the entrance . he 's trap . they start run right at he . he close he eye . nicky release the evil . nicky 's body split into about five - hundred horrifying insect , all with a miniature nicky head . the nickysect run right at the crowd , and the crow immediately start run the other way , completely freak out . int . todd be apartment - day beefy and Todd be watch tv . they look over to see the insect scurry under the front door and morph back into one exhaust nicky . nicky I seem to be in trouble , beefy . beefy the shit have hit the fan , kid . take a look . todd be break all morning . on the tv - day we see Dan Rather address the camera . dan rather at a news conference earlier today , Chief of Police Andy shaifer give this beleaguere city its latest dose of bad news . he reveal that the man who cause a sensation at basketball arena last night be no hero ... he be , in fact , a mass murderer . we see the chief of police behind a bunch of micu . he 's hold up a picture of nicky take at the basketball arena . int . todd be apartment - continuous nicky 's outrage . nicky I do not murder anybody beefy look . you be really high . thing happen . nicky I be with Valerie , I swear . this be adrian 's work . I have get to find he . beefy I think you be look at he . on the tv - day we reveal that the chief be stand on a grill - cheese press to keep he warm . chief of police ( on tv ) this video show what he do after he leave the basketball arena yesterday ... on the videotape - day scarface shoot he AK - 47 . nicky 's face have be crudely superimpose over he . guy ( adrian 's voice ) my name 's nicky , and I be gonna kill all you sucker for no reason ! CUT to footage on " scarface " on tv - day the Chief shake he head . chief of police difficult to watch , I know . in response to this vicious crime , I be authorize the large reward in law enforcement history : fifty million dollar to the person or person who bring this man to I . int . todd be apartment - continuous nicky stand outrage . nicky this be baloney ! beefy he superimpose you head onto " scarface . " todd ... which be by far depalma 's best work ... a loud knocking at the door the pound increase . nicky I be not nicky . I be not home ! I do not live here ! peter dude , it 's we . let we in . nicky open the door . Peter and John stumble in . JOHN there 's like a total mob scene come this way . we hear voice of a approach crowd come outside . nicky I think for sure I give them the slip . Todd i 's look out the window . todd look like they be follow a giant trail of bug shit . peter what will we do now , beefy ? beefy I do not know , this be a little out of my league . voice grow louder . voice ( o.s. ) come on . let 's get them . JOHN what would you dad do , nicky ? nicky good idea ... kill I . peter dude. seriously ? nicky yes . I will meet you at Grand Central at noon . okay . do I . I command you . JOHN and peter ( psyched ) alright ! John take nicky 's head and slam it hard into the kitchen counter . nicky be daze . nicky that just hurt a lot . todd I have always want to kill someone . can I do it ? JOHN look at Queen latifah steppin ' up . int . bathroom - day nicky be in the bathtub be angrily drown by Todd . John and Peter watch happily . todd die , grandma , die ! nicky 's arm come out with a thumb up . pause . the hand drop back in . he 's dead . int . throne room - later start on a close up of lucifer . he 's hold card , look at he hand . lucifer Royal flush , you lose . off with the bra . the demon and gatekeeper be sit around play strip poker . the gatekeeper take off he bra . from behind , we see he breast flop out . lucifer ( cont 'd ) last time I see a pair of jug that big , two hillbilly be blow on they . the gatekeeper throw he hand down and storm out . the monster laugh uproariously . nicky enter and move to what 's leave of he dad . arm , torso , and a head ( with one ear ) . nicky dad , adrian 's get the whole city after I . he 's always a step ahead . what be I gonna do ? dad what be you gonna do ? look at I , nicky ! I get no leg , I get no hip , I get one ear ... dad 's remain ear fall out . dad ( cont 'd ) I get no ear ! I can not hear ! jimmy the demon now he 's get no ear ! you happy , nicky ? you father 's get no ear ! nicky uh , I will do my best , dad . do you have any advice at all for I ? dad I can not hear you , nicky . I can not hear anything ! Jimmy pick up the ear . Jimmy speak into it . jimmy the demon check one -two . check one -two . dad put it back on my head . I be fall apart here . jimmy the demon he 's get ' till midnight tonight , nicky . ( put ear back on dad ) you get you ass back up there . you save you father ! nicky look very upset . ext . police station - day we see John and Peter enter frame . look very nervous . peter you sure you be down with this ? JOHN Little nervous . wanna puke . they approach the cop guard the door . JOHN ( cont 'd ) look for the chief . peter we know where to find nicky . cop grab John &amp ; Peter and drag they inside . int . chief' office - day surrounded by prostitute and criminal in a very hot room , the chief of police put down he bottle of peppermint schnapp , stand up and look at the two idiot . chief of police you have what I want ? JOHN sure do . you get what we want ? peter fifty million bone , bro . he nod to a deputy who give they a briefcase of money . chief of police that 's half of it . you get the rest when I get nicky . peter excellent . but I gotta warn you , man . he 's not human . chief of police really ? JOHN we think he 's the son of Satan . pause . the chief laugh , then everyone else do . he walk over and pick they up by they throat . chief of police well , then I guess I will have to be extra careful . now where be he ? int . grand central station - day we see the big clock on the wall . five minute till noon . we see JOHN and peter ( with the briefcase ) walk into grand central with the chief and twenty - five NYC cop . the chief bump into a filthy bag lady drink out of paper sack . bag lady hey , watch it ! who do you think you be ? chief of police ( never stop ) Emperor of the New Hell . they march through onto the platform for track 33 . int . grand central station platform - day we see beefy and Todd wait by the place where nicky usually come up . it be hot down there . steam and smoke come out of the tunnel . Todd be nervous . todd where be he ? he 's late . beefy he will be here . just keep you cool , kid . they hear footstep . they turn and see the chief of police back up by the huge police force . beefy ( cont 'd ) we have be ratted out . beefy and Todd turn to see John and Peter look sheepish . todd you guy . that be so uncool . peter we think the son of Satan would understand a move like this . Peter and John high - five . chief of police okay , take this two outside . I can handle this . the police grab Todd and put a leash on beefy . the cop lead they prisoner away down the tunnel , leave John and Peter alone with the chief . chief of police ( cont 'd ) wanna see something cool ? the chief insert a finger into he nostril . then he fit he hand up there . soon he whole arm be up he nostril as he search for something . John and Peter be impressed . the chief grab something and start to pull . then out of he nose come adrian , who fully form as the shell of the chief 's body slump to the ground . adrian ta-da . so what time be my brother expect back ? JOHN noon ... they look at the clock . it 's noon . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ...ish . Peter be sweat , kinda nervous . peter so even though you be not really the chief , we still get the rest of the cash , right bro ? adrian you know what you will get ? a indescribably horrific torture administer by demon for the rest of eternity . JOHN but what about the cash ? can we keep it or what ? adrian sure , why not ? they high five . adrian smile and wait . it be real hot down there . we hear a train come in the distance . a fan circle slowly . they all wait for he . lady ( mumble to herself ) food stamp ? they should call them " dude stamp . " Cause ever time I get one , some dude take it away ... we see the homeless lady down the platform stumbling she way towards they , drunk . adrian scowl at she . lady ( cont 'd ) hey , stud . I will let you make out with I for a dollar ! JOHN no thanks ... but we will take that bottle of booze . ( grab the bottle , laugh ) lady hey ... that 's mine . Peter push she away . peter beat it , ya freak . John and Peter high five and John swig from the bag . JOHN schnapp ... peter ( take the bag , swig ) peppermint ... alright . adrian raise he eyebrow . we see that the homeless lady be actually valerie in disguise . she look back , tense . John offer adrian the flask . JOHN wanna hit ? hand it to he . he take it . peter drink up . here 's to fifty million clam . adrian to the defilement of Earth and the corruption of its people . peter whatever . knock it back , grab nicky and let 's get outta this hell - hole . adrian smile at John , then raise the bag . he stop just before it hit he lip . he look at John curiously . adrian it be awfully hot down here . how do you manage to stay so cool ? JOHN weed lower the body temperature . ( stutter ) I read that ... in , uh ...er , science magazine . adrian stare at John . he raise the bag again . adrian this liquid will probably quench my thirst . cool I off . peter definitely . JOHN and give you a good buzz . adrian or maybe it will trap I inside for all eternity . JOHN uh. no it will not ? John start to tremble a bit . adrian oh , nicky , I have miss you . come on out and say hello ... JOHN urr...uggg ...errr ... adrian ( eye get red ) I be call you out , brother ... adrian be mentally pull nicky out of John . nicky / John wage a epic battle with himself as adrian smile . JOHN / nicky urrr...uggh ... ( as nicky ) oww . adrian , this be very painful . nicky come fly out . John 's body slump to the floor next to the chief 's . adrian look in the " schnapp bottle " to see the flask wrap in paper . he peek inside . adrian hello , cassius . cassius ( o.s. ) all right . let I out . adrian you know , New Hell really only need one new Satan . cassius ( o.s. ) you mother ... adrian hand nicky the flask . adrian but cassius could use some company for the rest of eternity . so get in the flask . he put the flask in nicky 's hand . int . grand central station - pavillion - moment later the police be escort beefy and Todd through the terminal . beefy start whining and stop . the cop look down . beefy raise he leg . cop oh , he 's gotta pee . a thick , yellow smoke shoot out of beefy , envelop the group . beefy escape and bolt back down stair . todd run , beefy ! run! int . grand central station platform - continuous adrian stare down nicky . nicky I will not drink . you can not make I . adrian look over at Valerie . suddenly she come fly over to he . he grab she by the throat . we hear a train come in the distance . adrian of course I can . drink or she die . ( nicky be scared ) unlike you , she will not come back from where she 's go . nicky let she go . adrian I hear a train come . drink . the train sound be come closer . Valerie look at nicky . nicky raise the flash to drink . valerie do not do it . nicky I have to , Valerie . we see beefy skid to a stop , raise he leg and a full size archery arrow shoot out of he penis and track right into adrian' leg . adrian ahhh ! beefy now that hurt the both of we . Valerie be able to escape momentarily . adrian reach for she , grab she . they both spin and fall down onto the track . right into the oncoming train . nicky Valerie !!! nicky leap down onto the track , wrestle Valerie away from adrian and toss she off the track . adrian look at nicky . adrian see you in Hell ! whamm ! the train come by , hit both adrian and nicky . int . hell gate - continuous adrian come fly through the solid firefall into Hell . he look around . confused , there 's no nicky . dissolve to : ext . beautiful field - day nicky be lie in a huge field of tall , very green grass . he sit up , and feel he face to make sure it 's all there . nicky look around , alarmed . he seem to be in a mountain vale , maybe in the foothills of the alp . it 's gorgeous . off in the distance , float in the air , be a giant birthday cake . nicky stand up and the cottage seem to be float down to he . ext . birthday cake - day the cake land softly in front of he , the door ajar . after a moment 's hesitation , nicky go in . int . birthday cake - continuous nicky enter the cake to find angel and two friend : jenna and christa . they be do art and craft sort of thing on a glass table in front of they . they stare at he . angel rise . angel oh. my. g-d . I can not believe you be here . welcome . can I just tell you , I be so excited right now . christa so excited . jenna she really be . nicky that 's terrific . now could you lady point I to the Black Palace ? I should check in with my dad ... nicky trail off as he see the angel laugh at he . angel I be sorry , you be just so cute . jenna do you have any idea where you be right now ? nicky the home of eternal damnation , house of hade , h.e. double toothpick ... angel maybe try the opposite of that . the angel and two friend laugh and high - five . nicky 's confuse . angel ( cont 'd ) okay , can I just ask you something ? what do you know about you mom ? nicky my brother tell I my mother be a mountain goat . which would explain my chronic halitosis . angel ( annoyed ) a mountain goat ? that 's really sweet . nicky my mom be not a goat ? angel try a angel . nicky a angel ? angel unh-huh . which would make you half angel . nicky be floor . nicky wow . what ... what do she look like ? angel well , she be about six - three , only speak portuguese and have really long grey hair . the girl start laugh . angel ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I be totally busting on you . I be you mom . nicky be even more floor . flash . Jenna have take a picture of nicky . jenna I be sorry , but you just have the sweetest look on you face . christa you be gonna be so happy she do that . nicky ( stunne ) how come you be not older ? angel angel do not get any older , son . jenna I can not believe you just call he " son . " angel oh my g-d . this be so wild . they laugh . nicky be quite baffle . int . throne room - day dad be just a pair of lip , with ear on either side hold up by two forearm with hand attach , lie on the throne . gatekeeper , lucifer , Jimmy and a few other demon stand around . dad I can not see shit . you be all still here , right ? adrian enter . they all cheer . jimmy the demon adrian 's here . you will be back to normal in a jiffy , sir . dad lip yea ! I can not believe little nicky come through . adrian where 's nicky ? jimmy the demon he come with you and cassius , right ? adrian I come through that gate alone . jimmy the demon sorry , sir , false alarm . dad boooo . adrian somebody explain what 's go on . put the gatekeeper in a headlock . gatekeeper you will get nothing out of I . adrian perhaps a titty twister will loosen you lip . he twist a breast . the gatekeeper babbles out the information immediately . gatekeeper the only way to save you dad be for you and you brother to pass through the gate at the same time before he deteriorate completely . adrian how much time do dad have before that happen ? adrian twist hard . gatekeeper thirty minute . and then whoever claim he throne will have unimaginable power . adrian throw he down . lucifer all boob and no ball . adrian thirty minute . hmmm . I hope you do not mind if I take a seat while I wait for you . he move to the throne and throw the lip off . dad lip ahhh ! he push lucifer out of the way . lucifer I do not get no respect . adrian ten thousand year . and I never once get to sit here . he sit on the throne and it start to shake a little . he grin as two horn grow out of he forehead . adrian ( cont 'd ) wow . and this be just a little taste of my power . dad Hell 's gonna bust wide open . demon , get he out of the chair ! the demon approach . adrian ah- ah . not so fast , demon . there be a couple of million evil soul on Earth ready to be harvest . anyone interested ? the demon stop . now loyal to adrian . all except Jimmy . int . birthday cake - day everyone be sit around drink diet coke . nicky be you adrian and cassius ' mom , too ? christa no , they mother 's be not angel . angel I think they be hooker or stripper or something really porno like ... there 's a knock on the door . it open and in come Carl weather dress as chubb from happy Gilmore . chubb Holly , Jenna , christa . time for you mambo lesson . angel oh , chubb . I totally space . I be so sorry . I have company . it 's my son , nicky . my son . can you believe it ? chubb wow , that 's terrific . angel nicky , this be chubb . he use to be a golf pro , but up here he 's the dopest dance instructor . chubb you mambo ? nicky I do not think so . chubb remember , it 's all in the hip . it 's all in the hip . chubb dance as he leave . nicky where do you meet my father ? angel it be a long time ago , at some Heaven and Hell mixer . christa I remember that night , you have like four daiquiris . angel try four and a half . at first I totally do not like he . jenna he be really conceit . angel but I do not know , he be funny , he make I laugh , and I hate to say it but he have a really nice body . nicky and that make you want to make a baby with he ? the angel laugh . angel well , I really be not think about make a baby at the time ! her cell - phone ring . she answer it . angel ( cont 'd ) hello .... yes , he 's here with I now ... I do not know if he 's hot , he 's my son , you perv ! I will call you back ... ( laugh ) oh my G -d , I will call you back , goodbye . ( hang up ) that be my friend , Michelle , she say " hi . " nicky well tell she I say " hi " back . angel make a motion towards the phone , then stop . angel I will call she later . christa you know , we see you save you girlfriend 's life . jenna that be so cool . angel that 's why you come up to Heaven instead of Hell . self - sacrifice automatically get you here . nicky how do you see I ? angel we can see what 's go on anywhere on Earth . look . angel and the girl clear the junk from the glass table in front of they . angel touch the glass and it turn into a reflection of Earth below . ext . time's square - night people be rioting in the street . loot appliance store ... angel ( o.s. ) all this good people have totally be lead astray . christa ( o.s. ) show he Central Park . ext . central park lawn - night people be drink and smoking and burn thing . a large circle have form around two old lady who be fist fight . one old lady knock the other to the ground , then jump on she and start wail away . the spectator exchange money . angel ( o.s. ) there 's like a three day rave goin ' on down there . no on be go to work anymore . then suddenly we see the ground start to break up and adrian on he throne start to be thrust upwards . demon swarm around he . adrian welcome to the party . it 's so nice to see all of you here . nicky ( o.s. ) hey , that 's dad 's throne ! how do adrian get that ? be dad okay ? angel ( o.s. ) let 's see ... ripple dissolve to : int . throne room - continuous dad lip be morosely talk to the gatekeeper and Jimmy . dad lip I be a good Devil , be not I ? jimmy the demon you be the best Devil , boss , the best Devil ! gatekeeper absolutely . dad lip I try to do some interesting stuff ... jimmy the demon you do amazing stuff ! gatekeeper I do not know how you come up with some of it . dad lip really ? that mean a lot to I . jenna ( o.s. ) oh my g-d . he look gross . angel ( o.s. ) I can not believe I do it with he . she touch the pool again and the reflection change to : ext . new hell throne - night adrian step off he throne onto a small stage flanke by six hero demon . he begin address the crowd . adrian I be very proud of you . you have take to sin with minimal prompt . the crowd cheer . adrian ( cont 'd ) you be act as if there be no Heaven or Hell . the crowd cheer . ext . new hell stage - night we see John , Peter , beefy , Valerie and Todd hang on flagpole by they underwear . beefy be in a special fitte harness that look like underwear . adrian well , I have some news . adrian morph into the cardinal from earlier . cardinal there be most definitely a Hell ! and you be all go there when you die ! which will happen in about fifteen minute . ext . new hell rally - night the bad people realize they have be trick into be bad and they get scared . the preacher , who be now more batter from he fall through the plate glass window ( ask Steve ) , yell out . preacher we really be gonna die ! this kick off a frenzy of the scare bad people try to run away . but they be stop and herde back by demon . ext . flagpole - continuous peter this do not look good . JOHN can not beefy use he penis power to get we out of this ? todd they castrate he . he can not shoot arrow , he can not piss smoke . beefy I can not screw . ( whimper ) I can not screw . Valerie 's cry . int . reflection pool - continuous nicky be shocked . nicky Valerie 's cry ! angel she 's so nice . christa she go to parson 's , right ? angel I would totally love to go there . but I hear it 's really hard to get in . nicky I gotta help she . I gotta help dad . I gotta help everybody . angel yeah , you do ... int . reflection pool - continuous adrian be look at a clock tower that read 11:45 . adrian ( v.o. ) at the stroke of midnight , my father will be completely deteriorate . and all of you soul will be mine . ext . new hell stage - continuous adrian soon you will see thing more horrible than you can even imagine . adrian scan the crowd . he see ... ext . new hell rally - continuous the parson student in the kimono dance sexily . adrian be throw . ext . new hell stage - continuous adrian not that horrible , but still pretty bad . adrian motion to some of he guard . they nod . adrian ( cont 'd ) so while we wait , for you enjoyment , I bring you a dear sweet man and a international icon ... Henry winkler ! a frighten henry winkler be lead onto the stage prodd by two demon . ext . new hell rally - continuous the scared bad people finally smile . ext . new hell stage - continuous adrian cover in bee ! we see Henry winkler be suddenly cover head to in a swarm of bee . ext . new hell rally - continuous the crowd gasp . int . reflection pool - continuous nicky be start to panic . nicky but how can I win ? adrian be stronger and smarter than I . angel stronger , yes . smarter , definitely . but you have something he do not have . nicky a speech impediment ? the girl laugh . angel no , you have the inner light . you can totally use it . it 's the best power of all . ( he smile ) and in case you get in real bad trouble , G -d tell I to give you this . she give he a ornate , jewell ball . nicky what be it ? angel I be not a hundred percent on that . g-d say when the time come , you will know what to do . christa G -d 's so smart . jenna the smartest . angel well , goodbye ... for now . ( look at he face ) can I just do this ? she lick she finger and wipe some dirt off he forehead . angel ( cont 'd ) that be such a Mom thing , be not it ? friend totally . nicky well , nice meeting you , Jenna , christa . ( to angel ) would it be okay if I call you mommy ? angel it would be so okay . nicky hug he Mom . nicky well , mommy , get I to the big apple cause I be gonna rock that town like a hurricane . angel ( o.s. ) you be already there ... ext . central park pond shore - night nicky dissolves into walk . he check he pocket to see the ball . he look up to see fifteen demon march towards he , ready to attack . nicky close he eye and concentrate . nicky release ... the good . when he open they , beautiful butterfly be float around the head of five of the demon . they stop approach . there eye turn from white back to normal . and they facial expression change to happiness . they wave at the butterfly . angle on more demon keep close . nicky ( cont 'd ) release the good ... five more be stop by something . they look down and see fluffy white bunny rabbit at they foot . they start petting they . the remaining demon advance on nicky . nicky ( cont 'd ) release the awesome . ... then stop , they path block by a very large bucket of popeye's fried chicken . the demon consider the bucket of chicken . one demon take out a piece . nicky ( cont 'd ) put it in you mouth and let it slide down you throat-hole . the demon bite into it . he can not help but grin a little . demon popeye 's chicken be ass kickin ' ! the other soul dig into the bucket . ext . clock tower - continuous only ten minute leave . ext . flagpole - continuous the dude on the flagpole be chat nervously . todd one thing I really regret be never have experiment sexually . peter you mean , like , experiment with a bunsen burner ? what be you talk about ? JOHN he mean get it on with someone like that freak . angle on : the student dance for a mesmerize demon . back on peter , todd and JOHN todd his name be Andrew . I know that guy . JOHN of course you do , Tommy tune . ext . central park path - night nicky lead he small army of reform demon ( follow by butterfly &amp ; bunny and carry the chicken bucket ) down the path toward the rally . we see they have a golden light / haze of good around they . ext . flagpole - continuous adrian be underneath Valerie . adrian you know , from this angle , you be kind of cute . valerie you think so ? why do not you come a little closer and I will show you a better angle . he move a little closer , and she spit on he . he smile . open he mouth and catch she spit . he swallow . adrian yummy . everyone be gross out . todd oh my g-d , he just open he mouth and swallow that spit . beefy that turn you on there , rupaul ? adrian keep it up and I just might make you my Queen for a night or two . JOHN you want a queen ? get one right here . John point at Todd . they laugh . adrian get closer to Valerie . just then a big butterfly appear on he shoulder . he look down to see : nicky stand there with he army . adrian ( o.s. ) Little nicky . nicky adrian , I be ask you nicely , in the name of all that be good : release my friend and get in the flask . adrian be this a joke ? nicky no . it 's the inner light . and with it we can defeat anything you have get . reformed demon ( eat popeye 's chicken ) it 's true ! adrian glare down at the reformed demon . his eye shoot out a evil ray . the reformed demon explode into a million piece . his golden inside splatter on the crowd . the Army of good be shake . another demon lower he chicken . another reformed demon it 's not true ? the bucket of chicken sprout leg and run away . nicky step forward bravely . nicky okay , adrian , you have leave I with no choice . nicky leave frame and he fly up towards adrian . ext . new hell stage - continuous nicky land on both foot stand before adrian . nicky Love lift I up where I belong . angle on crowd react . on hell stage demon be ready to attack . adrian wave they off . adrian not bad , little brother . let 's see what you have get . nicky think , hold out he hand . a rainbow shoot out onto the stage between they . pause . we see that a cute little chipmunk be stand on it 's hindlegs eat a nut . on crowd the army of good and scared bad people applaud as they see this . back on hell stage adrian nod , hold out he arm and a red stream shoot out . he have make a terrible python that come over and eat the baffle chipmunk in one bite . nicky raise he hand and : turn the snake into a row of flower . adrian raise he hand and a craze mexican gardner with a lawn mower come by and mow they down . nicky turn the gardner and he lawn mower into a mother push a new born baby in a carriage . adrian turn the baby in the carriage into a evil dwarf who leap out and start beat up on the mother . nicky turn the mother into a hot girl dwarf . the evil dwarf stop beat she up and hold she hand . adrian ( cont 'd ) enough . I be go to kill you with my bare hand . adrian punch nicky hard in the jaw . he go fly off the platform . nicky 's body fall towards the ground . it 's about to hit , when a soft bed of post and fluffy pillow break he fall . int . heaven - continuous we now see angel , Jenna , christa and seven other girl watch the action on the table . angel I totally have to do that . all the girl yah you do . chubb be there , too . ext . new hell rally - night nicky look up to see adrian fly down towards he . nicky roll away at the last second . adrian hit the bed hard and bounce up . nicky grab he mid-bounce and slam he back down into the golden / brass headboard of the bed . nicky hold out the flask . nicky now I be ask you nicely , get in the flas ... adrian grab a pillow and hit nicky hard in the face , send he fly off the bed . nicky ( cont 'd ) oh , you wanna a pillow fight , do you ?! nicky be a expert pillow fighter . he land a series of awesome , almost matrix - like pillow move . adrian be daze . nicky finish he off by toss the pillow high in the air to he . adrian look up to catch it and just before it land , nicky step up and pop he in the face . adrian go down hard . nicky tower over he . nicky ( cont 'd ) now will you get in the flask ? adrian absolutely not . adrian turn to he demon . adrian ( cont 'd ) a little help over here . a bunch of demon advance . on flagpole we see Henry winkler , swollen with bee sting , valiantly run over and lower the five from the flagpole . on adrian he look up and glare at Henry . adrian ( cont 'd ) Henry ! on flagpole Henry 's eye widen . henry winkler oh no . he be cover in bee again . back on adrian he turn he attention back to nicky who be grab by demon . adrian bring the flask to he lip , but he will not open he mouth . adrian pinch nicky 's nose close so he have to open he mouth . adrian Goodbye , nicky . we hear cassius bang against the wall . cassius ( o.s. ) come on in , bro . nicky can not hold he breath and open he mouth . adrian jam the flask in he mouth and nicky start to get suck in . adrian smile . but just before nicky be go , he manage to grab adrian 's coat tail and yank he into the flask with he . as the flask hit the ground , we hear : cassius ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) thank you , nicky . Cause now I be gonna bust adrian 's head wide open . adrian ( o.s. ) I be go to let you out , eventually , cassius . I swear . nicky ( o.s. ) sole ruler of Hell and Earth be what I hear he keep say . we hear the sound of a struggle . all the demon and all the people of new york form a large circle around the flask . Valerie and the gang make it down off the stage . we hear crazy sound as the flask start to jump . the crowd react . a big dent pop out from the inside , follow by a horrible thud . valerie nicky ! nicky ( o.s. ) that be cassius ! the flask start roll over and over on the road . people get out of the way as if it be real people fight in the street . they root for they side . demon kill he , adrian . John and Peter start beat up the demon . int . reflection pool - continuous the angel and the friend be praying . ext . new hell rally - continuous we hear bang and beat and yell from inside and then the flask stop bounce . silence . everybody outside hold they breath . slowly out of the spout crawl nicky . hooray . Valerie , John , Todd and beefy and all the live people cheer . the student , very happy , open he kimono . the people and demon near he be gross out . Valerie go tot he very beat up nicky and hug he . valerie where would a sweet Southern boy learn to fight like that ? nicky from my dad 's side of the family . she laugh and kiss he on the mouth . the crowd cheer . but nicky will not stop kissing she . she start to struggle for air . nicky press harder and start to laugh . the crowd stop cheering . Valerie be wave she arm for help . nicky turn into adrian during the kiss . adrian let she go . and we hear adrian be familiar laugh . adrian what ? no tongue ? adrian pull he head back , he tongue be huge and he turn into a giant bat . he let out a huge roar , then fly around , laugh , scare people . Valerie run over and pick up the flask . she look inside . valerie ( whisper ) nicky . nicky . no response . valerie ( cont 'd ) you gotta fly out ... I know you can do it . ( still no response ) do it for the butterfly . a long beat , then : nicky ( o.s. ) butterfly ... and nicky shoot right out of the top of the flask and land on he foot . adrian land and stare down nicky . the clock be one minute from midnight . adrian swoops down . nicky think quick and pull out the ball he Mom give he and smashes it on the ground . out of it form metal g-d : ozzy osborne . ozzy hello , New York . JOHN and peter ozzy . they faint . the bat 's eye go wide in fear . ozzy grab the bat , he mouth grow big , and he bite the bat 's head off . Valerie hand ozzy the flask . valerie put he in , ozzy . ozzy spit the bat head into the flask . ext . clock tower the clock read : 00:23 second leave . int . throne room - continuous dad be just a very thin pair of lip and one finger . the finger be go up and down on the lip , make silly sound . the gatekeeper , the monster , Jimmy the demon and lucifer be on they back cry like baby . ext . new hell rally - night valerie Grand Central , nicky . start run . JOHN he will never make it . peter you gotta kill yourself . nicky I will just go to Heaven . beefy no if you do something bad right before you die . pause . everyone look around . nicky spot Henry winkler . henry winkler aw , man , not again . nicky sorry , Henry . ( focus ) release the evil . Henry be cover in bee once again . on nicky and valerie nicky pick up a big rock and hand it to Valerie . nicky ( cont 'd ) do I . valerie I love you . nicky I love you . Valerie smashes the rock on nicky 's head , kill he . on clock tower six second leave . int . throne room - continuous the lip and finger be slow down . int . gate of hell - day nicky triumphantly pass through the wall of fire and it start burn again behind he . and now all the backed up soul fall out on top of nicky . the gatekeeper applaud . ext . new hell rally - night the stage , the demon and everything that raise from Hell now descend quickly into the ground . int . throne room - night dad 's lip form a body around it . dad fill in . ext . new hell rally - night the good people of New York cheer . we see John , Peter , Todd , Valerie , beefy and the Student , who of course be dance seductively . ext . reflection pool - continuous angel be so proud . angel okay , you just see my son save the universe . right ?! everyone cheer . int . throne room - shortly after dad and nicky be hugging . dad you come through , nicky . nicky I come through for you , Mom and the butterfly , dad . dad you be back in Hell now , kid . there 's no butterfly here . if you want butterfly , you need to be on Earth . nicky what about you and grandpa and everyone in Hell ? dad nicky , I let my butterfly die once upon a time and it 's never stop hurt . ( dad look up ) that 's right , you hear I , Holly . I be still in love with you . int . birthday cake - continuous angel be shocked . angel oh my g-d . he 's totally talk about I . int . throne room - continuous dad and do not think I forget about how crazy you get after a few daiquiris . int . birthday cake - continuous friend that guy be still a horn dog . int . throne room - continuous dad turn to nicky . dad listen , I get down low . you mom 's get up high . you take care of the middle . nicky I will , dad . but in the word of motley crue , this will always be my ... home sweet home ... he pat he on the back . jimmy the demon sorry to interrupt guy , but it 's time for Hitler 's punishment . lucifer let I handle that . lucifer walk over to the closet . lucifer ( cont 'd ) and I be not use a pineapple this time . he pull out the flask . adrian ( o.s. ) no ! cassius ( o.s. ) do not do it ! he shove the flask up Hitler 's ass . Hitler 's face tighten . hitler Holy schnit ! freeze frame , then : dissolve to : one year later over the skyline of Manhattan . ext . STREET - central park west pan up from a move baby stroller to reveal nicky and Valerie both push it . we see beefy walk with they . unbelievably happy . a nice old lady bend down to the stroller . lady oh ... what a uncommonly beautiful baby . valerie thank yo . lady such a little angel . beefy only a quarter , mar 'am . she tickle the baby . it giggle and a small stream of fire shoot out of he mouth and singe the Old Lady 's eyebrow . nicky Zachariah , say you be sorry . baby zachariah ( sound like nicky ) sorry . the Lady scurries away . nicky and Valerie laugh and continue walk in absolute bliss . they pass the preacher who run towards we . preacher he have spill he seed ! he be multiply ! beware the progeny of the unholy union ! we be all gonna die ! the preacher run straight into the camera . black . the end .