Little miss Sunshine by Michael arndt 10/9/03 ecu - video pixel five young woman stand side by side , wait to be judge -- breathless , hopeful . a name be announce . four heart break . * the camera zoom across the smile of the loser to find a winner . she burst into tear , hug the nearest runner up . begin credit . music -- quiet and melancholy -- play over all the open scene , lead to the title card . the Contest winner cry and hug the runner - up as she have the tiara pin on she head . then -- carry she bouquet -- she stroll down the runway , wave and blow kiss . int . basement rec room - day a six - year- old girl sit watch the show intently . this be olive . she be big for she age and slightly plump . she have frizzy hair and wear black -rimm glass . she study the show very earnestly . then , use a remote , she freeze the image . absently , she hold up one hand and mimic the wave style of miss America . she rewind the tape and start all over . again , miss America hear she name announce , and once again break down in tear -- overwhelm and triumphant . richard ( v.o. ) there 's two kind of people in this world -- winner ... and loser . int . classroom - day richard ( 45 ) stand at the front of a generic community college classroom -~ cinderblock wall , industrial carpete . he wear pleate khaki short , a golf shirt , sneaker . he move with the stocky , stiff - legge gait of a former athlete . his peppy , upbeat demeanor just barely mask a seethe sense of insecurity and frustration . music continue underneath . * richard if there 's one thing you take away from the nine week we have spend , it should be this : winner and loser . what 's the difference ? Richard turn with a remote and click through a power Point presentation , project on the wall behind he . the slide mimic darwin 's '' evolution of man '' chart , except that they show a lumpy , hunch - over , sad -sack '' loser '' evolve into a smile , triumphant , arms-over - his~head '' winner '' . winner see what they want , they go out and they get it , they do not hesitate . they do not make excuse . and they do not give up . loser do not get what they want . they hesitate . they make excuse . and they give up . on themselves and they dream . Richard put down he remote for the big finale . in the dim half - light , be a hushed , dramatic moment . richard ( cont would ) Inside each of you -- at the very core of you be -- ig a winner wait to be awaken ... and unleash upon the world . with my nine step '' unleash the winner Inside '' program , you now have the tool , the know-how , the insight you need to put you lose habit behind you and make you dream come true . no hesitate ! no excuse ! TI want you to go out into the world ... and be winner : . Big smile . reverse angle -~ there be twenty student in a classroom that could seat two hundred . they clap half - heartedly , then there 's a awkward moment when everyone gather they stuff . no one say anything . chair scrape the floor . sheryl ( v.0 . ) ++ yeah , I be on my way now . int . car - pay a woman , sheryl , 40s , be smoking and talk on a cell phone as she weave through a strip - mall landscape . she wear office attire and a name tag that read , '' sheryl '' . sheryl -+ I do not know how long ... do not know ... 1 Richard , he do not have anywhere else to go ! she take a drag , listen with increase irritation , then exhales . a beat . sheryl ( cont 's d) I be not smoking ... I be not ! look , I be at the hospital ... ( beat ) yeah , I will pick up a bucket of chicken . okay , bye , she beep off she phone . ext . hospital corridor - day sheryl stride anxiously down a hospital corridor , finger a-small eross on she necklace , go from one room to another , check room number . she find the room she 's look for , as she try to enter , a doctor emerge . they nearly collide , doctor Ms. harvey ? ( sheryl nod ) you brother 's fine ... sheryl exhales , hugely relieved . int . hospital room - day ina wheelchair , park against a wall , be sheryl 's brother , frank , also middle - aye . his wrist be wrap in bandage , with empty eye , he listen to the mute voice of the Doctor come from the hallway . doctor ( o.8 . ) +.. keep he away from sharp object : knife , scissors ... if you have medication — ~ depressant -- in you house , keep they secure . '' int . hospital corridor - Day sheryl listen to the Doctor , doctor I no prefer to keep he , but .. 5 sheryl I know , the insurance ... she shake she head and sigh . doctor you want to see he , ode int . hospital room ~- Day sheryl and the Doctor enter . Frank barely react . sheryl hey , Frank ... frank sheryl . Fighting tear , she go and hug he . sheryl I be so glad you be still here . frank well . that 's one of we . int . bathroom - day two hand spill a brown powder onto a small mirror . a razor blade cut the powder into line . a roll - up dollar bill lower . ' the line be snort , the snorter lift he heaq up . heisa short , chunky , bald old man -~ a roz chast kind of grandfather , this be grandpa , 80 year old , int . dwayne 's bedroom - Day dwayne be a handsome , skinny fifteen year old with a mohawk , he lie on he back in he bedroom , bench - press a barbell , jump cut ; dwayne do vertical sit-up on a wall - mount brace , dwayne do vertical push -up lean against the wall , dwayne breathes heavily , have finish he work - out . he walk to a home - make calender on the wall make from a long roll of computer paper , it be mark , '' enlistment , '' on the roll be a long grid of maybe a thousand square . about half the square have be fill in with magic marker . dwayne uncap a magic marker and fill in one more square , int . car ~ day sheryl drive Frank home from the hospital . they say nothing . sheryl sneak glance at Frank . hesitantly : sheryl you want to talk ? or no ? Frank stare at the road in front of they . finally : frank no . sheryl okay . she nod . they keep drive . fade to black title : '' little miss sunshine '' music end . int . kitchen - day a empty kitchen . a phone and answer machine sit in the foreground . the message light be blinking . in the background , through a doorway , the front door open . sheryl and Frank enter carry several bag and suitcase . sheryl ( call out ) hello ! anyone , ...?! int . hallway - day she lead Frank down a hallway . he follow passively . sheryl down here . we have you with dwayne . she knock and push open the door to dwayne 's room . dwayne be on the bed , read thus spoke zarathustra , he sit up . sheryl dwayne ? hi , uncle Frank 's here . Frank hesitates . he give sheryl a look : '' you be kid . '' sheryl ( cont have ) he do not mind , Frank . we talk . Frank make a half - gesture towards the rest of the house . sheryl ( cont have ) we can not have you sleep alone . the doctor say ... {he look at she ) I be sorry . I have to insist . dwayne get up and exit the room , push past they and avoid eye contact . sheryl enter the bedroom . int . dwayne 's bedroom - day sheryl go and brushes off a cot . Frank remain outside . sheryl you will get along fine . he 's really quiet . look , I set up a cot . {he hesitates ) please , Frank ? please ? very unhappily , Frank enter the room and just stand there . sheryl ( cont have ) thank you . I gotta start dinner . come out when you be settle ? and leave the door open . that 's important . ( beat ) . I be glad you be here . ' she give he a kiss on the cheek , then depart . Frank sit on the cot in he nephew 's bedroom . on it be a muppet sleep bag with the Cookie monster eat a cookie . Frank glance at the sleep bag , then avert he eye . this be pretty much the worst moment of he life . int . dine room - day dwayne be at the dinner table , read . sheryl walk by . sheryl dwayne , honey , there 's a bucket of chicken in the car . can you get it and I nil make a salad ? dwayne silently get up and depart , and the chaotic ballet of dinner preparation in the harvey household begin . sheryl open the door to the downstairs rec room and shout . sheryl ( cont no ) olive ?! olive ( 0.8 . ) yeah ?! sheryl be grandpa with you ?! olive ( 0.s. ) yeah ! sheryl what be you guy do ? olive ( 0.s. ) rehearsing ! sheryl okay ! dinner in ten minute ! olive ( 0.8 . ) okay ! int . kitchen - Day sheryl enter , open the refridgerator , and begin pull out stuff to make a salad , abruptly , from the kitchen side door , Richard enter , richard ha sheryl hi. Frank 's here , richard oh. do Stan grossman call ? sheryl check the machine . he walk over and hit the answer machine , machine hello . you have one message . it rewind , dwayne enter hold a bucket of kfc , sheryl just put it on the table , hon . and can you set the table ? we will do Paper plate tonight . 1r/11 get cup and napkin . dwayne nod and depart . sheryl exit in the other direction . the phone message begin . jeff ( o0.c. ) ( filter ) sheryl , hey , it 's Jeff . listen , great news . you know , when olive be down here last month , she be runner up in the regional Little miss Sunshine ...? richard ( call to sheryl ) it 's from jeff. ( to himself ) fuck ! he stalk off . the message play to the empty kitchen . jeff ( 0.c. ) ( filter ) ... well , they just call I and say that the girl who win have to forfeit she crown . I do not know why -- something about diet pill -- but anyway , that mean olive win the regionals , so now she have a place in the State contest in boca . they want to make sure she can make it , so I say you would call they ... sheryl re-enter . she try to listen to Jeff 's message . jeff ( cont have ) ( 0.c. ) ( filter ) ... the woman 's name be lauren Henderson and she number ... beeeep . ' the machine cut he off . sheryl , not understanding , shake she head and return to make she salad . Richard be - enter , pick up the phone and dial . over the follow , dwayne come in and out , pick up stuff to set the table . richard ( into phone ) Richard harvey for Stan grossman . can you reach he ...?! yeah , tell he I want to know this thing be do -- I be wait for the number . no , I understand that . I understand . look , he have my cell , if he could just call I anytime over the weekend and let I know we be on , I would be very , very grateful . okay . thank you . bye . he hang up . richard ( cont have ) bitch . sheryl Richard ...! so what happen with Stan grossman ? richard he 's still in Atlanta . sheryl so why have not he call you ? richard will you let I worry about this ?! sheryl exhales , go back to she salad . dwayne come in . sheryl dwayne , can you check on Frank ? tell he it 's dinner time . dwayne nod and head off . sheryl walk back to the door to the downstairs rec room and open it again . sheryl ( cont have ) olive ?! dinner time ! olive ( 0.s. ) okay ! : int . dwayne 's bedroom - day Frank sit on the cot , stare at a photo in he wallet ( we can not see it ) . footstep approach . Frank put the photo away . dwayne appear in the door , knock , and mime eat . frank dinner ? ( dwayne nod ) what ? you do not talk anymore ? ( dwayne shake he head ) why not ? dwayne roll he eye and half - shrug . frank ( cont ‘’d ) you can talk . you just choose not to ? then he point to the bed -sheet painting of dwayne nod . Frank turn and look . nietzsche hang on he wall . iu . prank ( cont would ) be that nietzsche ? you do not speak because of friedrich nietzsche ? dwayne nod , turn and leave . Frank consider this . frank ( cont have ) Far out . int . dine room - day dwayne sit in he chair , fold he arm , and -- scowling -- wait for everyone else to arrive . Frank tentatively follow . sheryl come out and put she salad on the table . sheryl Frank , you can sit here , next to dwayne . here 's the salad . I be gonna run get sprite for everyone . she walk off , pause to open the rec room door again . sheryl ( cont have ) olive ! come on ! dinner time ! olive ( 0.s. ) come !!! sheryl disappear , leave dwayne and Frank alone . Frank sit . dwayne scowl at the table in front of he . Frank look at he place set -- a paper plate and a Big gulp cup with the incredible hulk on it . he pick up the cup and examine it dispassionately . he put it down . dwayne do not move . Frank glance at dwayne , not know what to do . he seem to have meet someone who be at least as unhappy as he be . this intrigue he . he venture : frank get a girlfriend ? dwayne look at Frank , then shake he head . frank ( cont have ) boyfriend ? dwayne give Frank a look . frank ( cont have ) kidding . kidding . I know . ( beat ) so who do you hang out with ? ple dwayne shake he head . frank ( cont have ) no one ? there must be someone . ..! ( dwayne shake he head ) you do not hang out with anyone ? oh come on . you must have one friend ! dwayne reach in he back pocket and pull of pad of paper . he flip it ut a palm -sizeq open and scribbles a note . he show it to Frank , it read : not hate everyone . " frank ( cont have ) what about you family ? dwayne scribbles again . everyone ? he show it to Frank . thate everyone !!! he 's underline " everyone " it now read : three time . Frank look at he . frank ( cont have ) you hate I ? dwayne consider this . he scribbles a new note . it read : " not yet . '' frank ( cont have ) Fair enoug ! they go back to sit in silence . Richard come out . richard Frank . good to see you . frank Richard ... they shake , Richard sit down , silence . Richard stand up . richard I be gonna get olive . he walk to the downstairs doorway and shout . richard ( cont no ) dad ! olive ! come on ! olive ( 0.s. ) ( shriek ) we be come !!! sheryl enter with a big bottle of diet sprite . sheryl you guy , go on and start . Frank , some sprite ? J want everyone to have at least a little salad . frank thanks , sheryl . she pour he a cup , sit down , and start open container of cole slaw and mashed potato . Richard return to the table , sit , and grab a piece of chicken from the bucket . dwayne follow suit , as do Frank . the meal begin . Three second of silence . frank ( cont would ) so , sheryl ... for could not help notice dwayne have stop speak . sheryl oh ! I be sorry . dwayne 's take a vow of silence , frank you have take a vow of silence ?! dwayne nod . sheryl he 's gonna join the Naval Academy and become a fighter pilot . he 's take a vow of silence until he reach that goal , frank ( to dwayne ) you be kid ... 1 dwayne stare at Frank . he 's not kid . olive enter the dining room , with grandpa follow . olive hi , uncle Frank ! frank olive . Boy , you be gettin’ big ! ( to sheryl ) be she big for she age ? sheryl nod , olive , unprompted , walk over and give hima kiss on the cheek . she see the bandage on Frank 's wrist . ae olive what happen to you arm ? sheryl olive ... frank no , it 's okay . I have a little accident . I be okay now . richard how 's the new routine come ? olive it 's good . richard when nre you gonna let we see it ? olive I dunno . it 's up to grandpa . grandpa a couple of day . it need a polish . olive sit . grandpa walk to the table . . grandpa ( cont have ) what be this ?! Chicken ?! every day it 's the chicken ! Holy God almighty ! be it possible , just one time , we could have something for dinner except the goddamn fuck chicken ?! sheryl ignore he . Richard try to cut he off . richard dad ... dad ... dad ... dad !!! grandpa I be just say ...! richard if you want to cook or buy you own food , you be more than welcome ... grandpa Christ . y'know , at sunset Village ... richard if you like sunset Village so much maybe you should not have get yourself kick out of there ...! eat grandpa ( wave dismissively ) abbhh ...! he take out a piece of chicken and start eat . a tense silence . Frank try to get thing go again . frank when do you start ? with the vow ? dwayne shrug . he do not care to comment . richard it 's be nine month . he have not say a word . I think it show tremendous discipline . sheryl Richard ... richard I be serious ! I think we could all learn something from what dwayne 's do ! dwayne have a goal . he have a dream . it may not be my dream , or you dream , but still ... he 's pursue that dream with focus and discipline . in fact , I be think about the nine step ... grandpa . oh , for cry out loud ...! richard ( evenly ) ... about the nine step , and how dwayne 's utilize at least seven of they in he journey to personal fulfillment . sheryl Richard . please . richard I be just say ! I have come around ! I think dwayne deserve we support . Frank look at dwayne . dwayne roll he eye . olive address Frank . olive how do it happen ? frank how do what happen ? 15 . olive you accident ... sheryl honey ... she shake she head : '' do not go there , '' frank no , it 's okay . unless you object ... sheryl no , I be pro-honesty here , I just think , you know ... it 's up to you . frank be my guest ... sheryl olive , uncle Frank do not really have a accident . what happen be : he try to kill himself . olive you do ? why ? richard I do not think this be a appropriate conversation . {to olive ) let 's leave uncle Frank alone . a beat . olive have stop eat . olive why do you want to kill yourself ? richard Frank . do not answer that question . Frank stare at Richard . he turn back to olive , frank I try to kill myself because I be very unhappy . richard ( overlap ) do not listen , honey , he 's sick and he do not know what he 's ... sheryl Richard ... Richard ... - Richard ... richard what ?! I do not think it 's appropriate for a six year old ! sheryl she 's gonna find out anyway . go on , Frank . olive why be you unhappy ? Frank glance at Richard -~ deadpan victorious -- and continue . . frank well , there be a lot of reason . mainly , though , I fall in love with someone who do not love I back ... olive who ? frank one of my grad student . I be very much in love with he . olive him ? it be a boy ? you fall in love with a boy ? frank ves ) i do . very much . so . this be new to olive . she think it over . olive that 's silly . frank you be right . it be very , very silly . grandpa there 's another word for it ... richard dad ... olive so ... that 's when you try to kill yourself ...? frank well , no . what happen be : the boy I be in love with fall in love with another man , Larry sugarman . sheryl who 's Larry sugarman ? frank Larry sugarman be perhaps the second most highly regard proust scholar in the U.S . richard who 's number one ? frank that would be I , Rich . olive so ... that 's when you try ...? frank well , no . what happen be : I be a bit upset . I do some thing I should not have do . subsequently , I be fire , force to leave my apartment and move into a motel . olive oh . so that 's when ...? frank ( hesitates ) well , no . actually , all that be okay . what happen be : two day ago the macarthur Foundation decide to award a '' genius '' grant to Larry sugarman . ( deep breath ) and that 's when ... grandpa ... you try to check out early . frank yes . and I fail at that as well . richard olive , what 's important to understand be that uncle Frank give up on himself . he make a series of foolish choice , and then he give up on himself , which be something that winner never do . 18 . a beat . Frank look like he could leap across the table and strangle Richard . sheryl intervene . sheryl so that 's the story , okay ? let 's move on . olive , how 's you new routine come ? olive Fine . I tell you . over the above , Frank turn and ask , regard Richard : frank be he always like this ? ( dwayne nod ) how can you stand it ? dwayne write a note , show it to Frank . it read : '' T can not . '' Frank nod . Richard address olive . richard honey , tell Frank why you be do you dance routine . frank olive . why be you do a dance routine ? olive for Little miss crab -cake . frank ( arch ) a-ha ! just as I suspect ...! sheryl honey , tell he what Little miss crab - cake be . olive Little miss crab - cake be a beauty contest for everyone in maryland . but you have to be six or seven year old and you have to be a girl . Frank look skeptically at sheryl . sheryl do not look at I ! this be Jeff and the new step - Mom . it 's big down in Florida . + er iy . frank ( to olive ) so what do you think you chance be ? olive take the question like a pro . olive I think I can win . ' Cause a lot of the new girl -- they do not have the experience . frank well , good luck . richard it 's not about luck . luck be the name that loser give to they own failing . it 's about want to win . willing yourself to win . you get to want it badder than anyone . olive I do ! richard do you ? really ? ( a beat ; she nod ) then you be gonna be a winner ! she smile , dwayne shake he head and keep eat . sheryl Richard ... richard what ?! it 's true ! olive T be runner up in Florida ! frank when be you in Florida ? sheryl spring break . Jeff have custody for two week . olive make it to the top of the regionals down there . olive I be second place . richard sher , y’know , there 's a message from Jeff on the machine . sheryl yeah . do you hear what it be ? richard actually , it be something about Little miss Sunshine . olive what ? Little miss Sunshine ? what ?! she run off . sheryl follow olive into the kitchen . int . kitchen - day sheryl and olive approach the answer machine . the '' message '' light be blink . sheryl hit it . jeff ( 0.c. ) ( filter ) sheryl , hey , it 's jeff£ ...! int . dine room ~ day Richard , Frank , and dwayne try to listen , eat silently . int . kitchen - day olive and sheryl listen . jeff ( 0.c. ) ( filter ) ... something about diet pill , but anyway that mean that olive win the regionals , so now she have a place in the State contest in boca ... beeep . over the above , olive react with involuntary spasm of shock , disbelief , and then pure , unadulterate euphoria . she wait -- tremble -- to hear the whole message . when it end , she put she hand to she temple : olive aaahhhhhhh !!! aaahhhhhhhhhhhhh ! !! Little miss Sunshine ! Little miss Sunshine ! Little miss Sunshine !!! she go run out into the dining room . olive ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) Little miss Sunshine ! Little miss Sunshine ! Little miss Sunshine !!! sheryl close she eye . al . sheryl Buck sheryl pick up the cordless phone , dial . int . dine room - day sheryl re-enter with the phone . olive be rejoice . olive iwon ! I win ! get to go to the championship ! oh , God ! oh , my God ! ( beat ) I gotta pack ! if gotta go pack ! she rush off to the downstairs doorway and disappear . richard wait , olive , finish you dinner ! olive ( 0.s. ) I be finish ! grandpa what happen ? sheryl apparently , the girl who win regionals be disqualified . so olive have she place in the final . richard when be they ? sheryl I be call Jeff right ... Jeff ! yeah , we just get it ... yeah , she basically go crazy . no , I do not get that , the machine cut you off . she grab dwayne 's pen and pad . she scribbles , sheryl ( cont have ) uh-huh . in boca raton , this Sunday ?! can you take she ? you can not put it off ? no , it 's just ... we have to figure this out . no , I will give this lady a call and we will figure it out . right . bye , she hang up . richard it 's Sunday ? can Jeff and Cindy take she ? tok ee * * 22 . sheryl ( shake she head ) they be go to maui , they all look at each other . int . rec room - day we track with olive as she run down a half - flight of stair and race around , pick up clothes and shoe that be scattered about . int . kitchen - moment later sheryl enter carry the bucket of chicken , the half - fill container of potato salad and slaw , and use Paper plate . Richard follow sheryl . grandpa follow Richard , sheryl I have to go . [ Promised olive I would take she if she make the final . richard you promise ? grandpa I be go . richard wait a minute , dad . oe sheryl we will fly down , come back Monday . sheryl throw the plate in the garbage . throughout the follow , she wrap the leftover chicken in saran wrap and put the chicken and other leftover in the fridge . richard how're you gonna get around down there ? sheryl we will rent a car . richard and stay in a hotel ? sheryl we can afford it . . al richard sheryl ... this be seed money ! 23 . sheryl well , maybe if I have help bring it in , y’know ?! it all go to you nine step , which be not ... richard honey ... honey ... honey ... ( patient ) as soon as I hear from Stan , we ’1ll get the advance , I will pay you back , we will start generate revenue . but in the meantime ... sheryl exhales , grit she tooth , shake she head . sheryl okay , we will drive down . richard in the miata ? how be you gonna fit grandpa ? sheryl grandpa do not have to come . grandpa what ?! I coach she ! I give she the step ! I have to be there ! richard why do not you take the vw ? sheryl ioca not drive a shift , Richard ! I have try , and I can not do it ! have put away the leftover , sheryl open the freezer and pull out a jumbo pak of popsicle . sheryl ( cont would ) we will fly down . richard we can not afford it . sheryl well , that 's what we be gonna do ! unless you have a better idea . she slam the freezer door and head for the dining room . int . dine room - continuous sheryl enter . Richard and grandpa follow . Frank and dwayne be finish up . sheryl toss the popsicle on the table . ene sheryl here . this be dessert . she sit , rip open a popsicle and take a bite . silence . dwayne and Frank glance at each other , then tentatively take popsicle for themselves . Richard take a deep breath . richard okay . I x11 drive the bus . grandpa no ! i’1l take she on a plane ! everyone ignore grandpa . sheryl consider Richard 's idea . sheryl what about dwayne and Frank ? richard they can stay here . dwayne and Frank look at each other . sheryl Richard . I be tell explicitly I could not leave Frank by himself . no offense , Frank . frank none take . richard well , I guess we can not go then ! I mean , unless we take Frank and dwayne with we ! a pause . all eye turn to Frank and dwayne . dwayne begin vigorously shaking he head '' no '' . int . olive 's bedroom - day olive re-enter with dress , shoe , and she swimsuit . she pull a suitcase from under she bed , open it , and begin stuff she thing in . int . dine room - day sheryl plead with dwayne . sheryl dwayne , please . for you sister ? richard come on , dwayne ! it / ' 1ll be fun ! everyone stare at he . dwayne take he pad out and write . Frank read over he shoulder as it come out . frank ' this ...is...unfair ... all ... i... ask ...is ...that ... you ... leave ... I ... alone . '' dwayne stop write , fold he arm . in the background , we hear olive pack . sheryl turn to dwayne . sheryl dwayne : Flight school . i’11 give permission . come on . it / 1l be fun . you can go to the beach . dwayne look at she . footstep start come up the stair . finally , he offer he hand . sheryl shake . everyone be relieved . dwayne scribbles another note . Frank read it . frank '' but ... I / m...not ... go ...to ... have , ..any ...fun !!! " he put he hand on dwayne 's shoulder , frank ( cont no ) we be all with you on that one , dwayne . olive re-enter , lug she suitcase -- she be breathless , flushed with excitement . olive grandpa ? be grandpa come to Florida ? sheryl we be all come . richard sheryl , wait . olive , come here . have a seat . olive walk over and sit next to Richard . richard ( cont have ) now there 's no sense in enter a contest if you do not think you be gonna win . now , do you think you can win Little miss Sunshine ? sheryl start to object , but Richard raise he hand , cut she off . olive do not seem so sure . 26 . richard ( cont would ) yes or no , olive . be you gonna win ? olive think it over . then , with white - hot determination : olive yes ! Richard smile and slap the table . richard we be goin’ to Florida ! int . vw bus - on the road - day Richard be drive . sheryl ride shotgun . Frank and olive sit in the second row . dwayne and grandpa sit in back . dwayne be wear a T-shirt that say , '' Jesus be wrong '' . olive wear a large set of headphone that completely cover she ear . she do little half - dance move to the music . no one say anything . they have be drive a while . grandpa 's arm hang limply by he side . grandpa Jesus , I be tired . I be so fuck tired . ( to dwayne ) you know how tired I be ? if some girl come up to I ... begge I to fuck she ... I could not do it . that 's how tired I be . richard dad ! you language ...! please ! grandpa she 's listen to the music ...! ( loud ) hey , olive ! I x11 give youa million dollar if you turn around ! olive be oblivious . richard okay , but still , the rest of we ... grandpa ahhh , the rest of you ... ( to dwayne ) can I give you some advice ? ( dwayne shake he head ) ( more ) grandpa ( cont would ) I will do it anyway . I do not want you make the same mistake I do when I be young . richard great . I can not wait to hear this . grandpa dwayne ? this be the voice of experience talk . be you listen ? ( dwayne nod ) kid : fuck a lot of woman . not just one woman . a lot of woman . you be young ... richard okay , dad ? I think that 's enough . grandpa ( ignore he ) you gettin’ any right now ? tell I , really . dwayne shake he head . Frank , amused , can not help but turn around to watch this conversation take place . grandpa ( cont have ) Jesus ! you be , what ? Fifteen ? you should be gettin’ that young stuff . there 's nothing in the world better than the young stuff ! richard okay , dad , enough . stop it ! grandpa would you kindly not interrupt I , Richard ? ( to dwayne ) look : right now , you be jailbait , they be jailbait . so it 's fine . the minute you turn eighteen -- bam ! you be lookin’ at three to five . richard dad , I be gonna pull over ... grandpa so pull over ! you be not gonna shut I up ! fuck you ! I live 80 year ! you be like that fucker at sunset Village ...! frank what happen at sunset Village ? sheryl Frank , do not encourage he . grandpa I nil tell you what happen ! I pay my money , they let I in . I should be able to do what the fuck I want ! sheryl he start snort heroin . frank you start snort heroin ?! grandpa I be eighty ! frank you know , that stuff will kill you . grandpa what be I , a idiot ? ( to dwayne ) and do not you get idea . when you be young , you be crazy to do that shit . frank what about you ? grandpa I ?! I be old ! you get to be my age -- you be crazy not to do it . Frank look at sheryl -- you be let this happen ? wave she hand , exasperate . sheryl we have try , believe I ! he 's worse than a two year old . the intervention be a fiasco . richard can we please talk about something else now ? frank so I take it you do not like it at sunset Village ? grandpa be you kid ? Fucking paradise there ! they cook for you . clean for you . you get golf . a pool . now I be stick with Mr. happy here , sleep on a sofa ! sheryl ee ek 29 . frank be not there other place ? sheryl he keep get kick out . sunset be number four . grandpa motherfucker , ( to Frank ) hey , listen : I know you be a homo , but ... you go to one of this place ? there 's four woman for every guy . what do that say to you ? frank you must have be pretty busy . grandpa oh , man . they be knockin’ on my door day and night ! it be almost too much ! if I do not have that little fuckin’ blue pill ... forget about it ! olive see Frank grin at grandpa . she take off she headphone and 's turn around . olive what be you guy talk about ? grandpa Politics . olive oh. a beat . she put she headphone back on . grandpa ( to dwayne ) fuck a lot of woman , kid . I get no reason to lie to you . not just one woman . a lot of woman . int . diner - pay everyone sit in a round booth , look at menus . olive Mom , how much can we spend ? sheryl I would say four dollar . anything under four . vue olive nod . a waitress arrive . waitress hi , you ready ? richard yeah . number five . and coffee . sheryl number seven , over easy . and grapefruit juice . prank fruit plate . and you have chamomile ? with honey . thanks . grandpa the lumberjack . coffee . extra bacon . richard dad ... sheryl Richard , do not start ... richard he 's gonna kill himself ...! sheryl it 's he life . grandpa thank you , sheryl . she shrug . dwayne hold up he note pad . waitress Garden salad ? and you ? olive um ... sorry ! I be sorry ! waitress take you time ...! richard do not apologize , olive . it 's a sign of weakness . Frank roll he eye . olive see something . olive oh , oh ! I want waffle . and ... what do '' a la mod - ee '' mean ? 31 . waitress it mean it come with ice-cream , olive okay ! a la mod-ee ! sheryl olive . for breakfast ? olive you say , '' four dollar '' ! sheryl okay , fine . you be right . waitress okay ! be right back ! she depart . frank actually , olive ...? '' a la mode '' in french translate literally as '' in the fashion '' . a...la ... mode . mode be derive from the Latin '' modus '' , meaning due or proper measure . ' there 's kind of a funny story about ... richard ( cut in ) Frank ...? shut up . sheryl Richard ...! Frank wave sheryl off : do not bother . Richard turn to olive . richard olive , can I tell you something about ice-cream ? ( she nod ) Ice cream be make from cream , which come from cow 's milk . and cream have a lot of fat in it ... sheryl Richard ... richard what ? '' she 's gonna find out anyway . '' right ? olive find out what ? 32 . richard well , when you eat ice-cream , the fat in the ice- cream become fat on you body ... sheryl Richard , I swear to God ...! olive what ? what 's wrong ? sheryl nothing , honey . nothing 's wrong . richard so if you eat lot of ice-cream , you be gonna become big and fat . but if you do not , you will probably stay nice and skinny . sheryl put she head in she hand . grandpa olive , Richard 's a idiot . I like a woman with meat on she bone . olive be confuse . olive I do not ... Mom ! why be everyone so upset ? sheryl I be not upset , honey . I just want you to understand : it 's okay to be skinny , and it 's okay to be fat , if that 's how you want to be . whatever you want -- it 's okay . Richard roll he eye . richard okay , but , olive , let I ask you : the woman in miss America ...? be they skinny , or be they fat ? olive well ... they be skinny , I guess . richard okay ! so they probably do not eat a lot of ice-cream . do they ? just then , the waitress arrive with a tray . waitress okay : coffee , coffee , grapefruit , chamomile . and here 's you ice - cream . a la mod-ee , right ? I will have you waffle in a sec ! she depart . olive stare at the ice-cream . finally : olive do anyone want my ice-cream ? sheryl just close she eye . grandpa jump in . grandpa yeah , I will have a bite . you mind ? dwayne ? Frank ? olive 's give away she ice-cream here . dwayne and Frank quickly snap to . frank you mind if I have a little ? olive shake she head . Frank and dwayne dig in . even sheryl get in on the act . Richard be not amused . grandpa ( loudly ) Boy , this be good ice-cream ! I feel sorry for the people at this table who be not enjoy delicious ice- cream early in the morning . olive , you be not givin’ away all you ice-cream ? what about you waffle ? you can not eat waffle without the ice-cream ! you will have lonely waffle in you stomach ! c'mon , have a bite . olive wait . do not take it all ! stop ! olive pick up she spoon , fight they off . she take a bite . richard olive ... sheryl Richard . ..! she glare at he , ferocious . Richard shut up . d4 . ext . parking lot - day Richard -- anxious -- listen to a greeting on he cell phone . a small beep . richard ( into phone ) Stan ! Richard ! look , I know you be busy , but we be die to hear what kind of number you come up with in Atlanta . call when you can . he click off as sheryl , olive and the other exit the diner . they trudge across the parking lot to the vw van . sheryl you get he ? richard I can not get a signal out . olive how long ' till we get there ? richard a long time . olive I know , but ...how , long ? richard we be do six hundred mile today , and two hundred tomorrow . it 's a lot of drive . sheryl honey , I ' 1ll drive a while . richard no , it 's okay ... sheryl no , you be right . I gotta learn to do this . I mean , you be do it . how hard can it be ? int . vw bus - parked - day sheryl be try to back up the bus . she 's grind gear . richard push the stick down hard ! sheryl I '' push hard ! 35 . richard put the clutch in all the way ! sheryl it 's on the floor ! jump CUT to : Richard try . he keep grind gear as well . it ’sa horrible sound . int . service station garage ~ day Richard and sheryl talk to a mechanic . behind they , olive and grandpa be play that game where you try to slap the other person 's wrist . when grandpa get hit , he react with cry of pain -- much to olive 's delight . in the background , across the lot , dwayne and Frank sit on a cinderblock wall , wait for the situation to resolve itself . mechanic well , you get a problem . you clutch be shot . richard can we get a new one ? mechanic well , I tell you what : this old bus ? we have have to order it . richard how long have that take ? mechanic well , it 's the weekend , so ... maybe Thursday ? Richard and sheryl react . ext . service station - day Frank and dwayne sit silently . dwayne watch bitterly -- this be just one more fiasco he 's be drag into . Frank look on wistfully as sheryl -- thirty yard away -- glance worriedly between Richard and the mechanic . Frank notice dwayne 's stare . he speak without look at dwayne . frank I do not know if you know this , but grow up ? ( more ) frank ( cont would ) you Mom be the cool one . she turn I on to proust . she could have do anything . dwayne look at Frank -~- he can not quite believe this . he take out he pad , half - smirk , and write : '' what happen ? '' Frank look at the pad , then at dwayne . frank ( cont have ) she have you , dwayne . he pat dwayne on the leg , get up , and walk back towards Richard and sheryl . dwayne be leave alone , take this in . int . service station garage - day Frank wander in as Richard press the mechanic . grandpa and olive stop they game and join the conversation . richard okay , look : we have come two hundred mile ... be there a dealership around here ? mechanic well , you could call over to clarksville , but they be probably close . y’know , it 's the weekend . richard yes , we be all aware of that . silence . the mechanic feel bad for they . dwayne re-enter . mechanic well , I tell you what : this old bus ? you do not need a clutch to shift from third to fourth . you just ease up on the gas . you only really need the clutch for first and second . Richard do not understand what he 's get at . mechanic ( cont have ) what I be sayin 's be : as long as you keep parkin’ on a hill , you get yourself goin 's fifteen , twenty mile a hour , and you just start up in third . then you shift between third and fourth . richard and you can drive like that ? mechanic oh , yeah . the problem 's just get up that speed up . as long as you keep parkin 's it on a hill , you be fine . my brother and I once drive from here to Canada ... richard what if you be not on a hill ? mechanic what ? richard I mean , it 's sit here right now . there 's no hill . how do we ...? the mechanic consider this . he squint he eye and run he tongue back and forth across he tooth . mechanic well , I tell you what : you get enough people -- you just get behind there and push . just push it up to ten , fifteen mile a hour , and you just go . everybody jump inside , and you just go ! they all stare at he . ext . parking lot - day Richard 's at the wheel of the bus . everyone else , include the mechanic , be behind the bus . the slide door be open . richard okay , ready ?! olive , dad : I want you in the car first . olive I know . we know . richard okay , be everyone ready ? sheryl ves ) het .s gol Richard start up the bus . Frank turn to the other . 38 . frank I just want everyone here to know I be the pre-eminent proust scholar in the United States , richard okay , go ! push ! they all push . the van start roll , slow at first , then faster and faster . finally , they be all run behind it , richard ( cont have ) olive , dad , get in ! sheryl ! olive , grandpa , and sheryl jump in the side door . the mechanic fade . Frank and dwayne keep push faster , richard ( cont would ) okay , I be puttin’ it into gear ! get ready ! he gun the engine and shift from neutral to third . the bus be revving low but be power itself nonetheless , sheryl okay , get in ! get in ! ( to Richard ) slow down ! you be lose they ! richard ioca not ! I can not slow down ! dwayne run up to the door . he see Frank be fade . he run back to Frank , get behind he , and push he up alongside the bus . Frank dive in . dwayne dive after he . int . vw bus - on the road - day everyone cheer . Frank be pant . dwayne shut the door . richard be that it ? be we in ? frank ( to dwayne ) '' no one get leave behind ! no one get leave behind ! '' outstanding , soldier ! outstanding ! Frank salute he . dwayne smile , embarrassed . int. / ext , vw bus , on the road - Day -— drive montage the vw drive down a on-ramp onto the interstate . boe the vw cruise down I - 95 . Signs pass . scenery go by . Inside the bus , everyone just stare out the window . later , grandpa be do magic trick for olive . he produce a quarter from behind she ear and give it to she . later , everyone be play rock , paper , scissors . still later , everyone be back to do nothing . int . vw bus - on the road - day Richard be pitching he business to Frank , who be bored , but not as bored as he would be do nothing . he be slouched down , barely move . Richard , however , be in full sell mode . richard ... so I start pitching '' the winner Inside '' to Stan ... two minute in , he stop I , say , '' I can sell this . '' frank wow . richard this be the guy who break tony robbin ! he know how to do it -- start with the book ; media tour ; then corporate event , consulting , video series , direct busy on tv ... there 's a science in how you roll this thing out . . frank interesting ...! richard so now he 's at the expo in Atlanta -- he 's be hype it up , building the buzz -- he 's gonna send it out , do a tick clock auction . frank how about that ...! richard and I can detect that note of sarcasm , Frank ... frank what sarcasm ?! richard ... but I just want you to know -- I feel sorry for you . frank you do ? good . richard because sarcasm be the refuge of loser . frank it be ?! really ?! richard sarcasm be just the sour grape of loser try to pull winner down to they level . that 's one of the lesson of step four . frank wow , Richard ! you have really open my eye to what a loser I be ! say , how much do I owe you for that pearl of wisdom ? richard it 's on I , buddy . it 's on I . sheryl okay , you guy , enough . Frank , stop at frank ( point ) '' he start it ! '' even sheryl have to laugh a little at this . pretty soon , everyone in the back be giggle . even dwayne smile . sheryl you be bad ! you be so bad ! frank I know ! richard yeah , go on and laugh . you be whistling past the graveyard . Richard maintain a steely composure . then Richard 's cell phone go off : beeeep -beeeep . he check the number . 41 , richard ( cont have ) there ! that 's the call I have be wait for ! everybody , please ! everyone ...?! ( click the phone ) Stan ! hello ...? hello ?! hello ?! ext . convenience store / phone booth - day Richard be ina phone booth at a gas station / mini-mart . everyone hang out by the bus -- park on a slight incline -- except dwayne , who be do push -up on the grass nearby . int . phone booth - day Richard wait tensely . then -- abruptly --~ he be '' up '' . richard Stan ! Richard ! yeah , yeah , no problem ! so ... what have we get ? he listen . gradually , he face fall . by the vw -- sheryl , olive , grandpa , and Frank watch Richard on the phone . dwayne wander back to the van . sheryl honey , I be - gonna use the lady room . you need to go ? olive no . I be gonna practice my routine over here , sheryl okay . do not go too far . they both wander off . Frank turn to dwayne and grandpa . frank I be gonna get a drink . you guy want anything ? dwayne shake he head , but grandpa pull out he wallet . grandpa , yeah . get I some bear . something really nasty . none of that air - brush shit , alright ? here , here 's a twenty . get a little treat for yourself too , if they get any fag-rag in there . Frank stare at grandpa . then , stoic , he take the twenty and head off . dwayne and grandpa turn back towards Richard . 42 . int . convenience store - day Frank stand at the counter , point out behind - the-counter magazine to a middle - age indian - american proprietor . frank that one . that one . and let 's try that one . no , down ... yeah , that one . and a small grape slushee . by the front window , a good - look young man be peruse the newsstand , cradling a grocery bag . he stop and stare . young man Frank ...? Frank turn . they be startle to see each other . young man ( cont ’‘d ) oh my God ! what be you do here ?! Frank put he arm behind he back , hide he bandage . frank I be ... on a trip . what about ...? I think you be ... young man ... with Larry ? yeah , Larry buy a beach house , right down the road about -- I do not know -- about two mile . we be have this big blow - out tonight and he 's all freak we be not gonna have enough booze . he nod to he grocery bag , fill with bottle of merlot . Larry 's here ...?! young man he 's fill the tank . he 's ... wow , I can not believe this ! how have you be ? frank hiner . fem fine : young man good. good . you know , I hear ... someone tell I you get fire ...? frank yeah . no , I quit . I quit . enough 's enough , you know ? 43. young man right . well , good . good for you . ' Cause you always seem so ... tense , y' know ? frank yah . young man so what be you up to now ? frank I be ... weigh my option . you know . take time off . young man well , great . that 's great . the proprietor put three porn magazine and a grape slushee on the counter and ring they up for Frank . proprietor $ 15.94 , please , sir . the Young man glance at the magazine , then at Frank . Frank keep he hand behind he back . a excruciate pause . young man . well , great see you again . frank yeah . you too . young man take care of yourself . frank you too . the Young man turn and exit . Frank hand over a $ 20 bill . he watch the Young man walk off while the proprietor put the magazine in a brown wrapper and hand Frank he change . Frank take a few step and peer out the window . he Pov -- the Young man get into a jaguar convertible drive by a distinguished - look beard man . the Young man say something and point back at the store . the bearded man turn and crane he neck . Frank , in the store , duck out of view . ' the Young man and the bearded man exchange a few word , then shrug and laugh . 44 , then they drive off . Frank watch , heartbroken . behind he , the proprietor pick up the slushee and wave it . proprietor ay ! do not forget you slushee ! ext . phone booth - day Richard be grasp at straw . richard okay , Stan , wait , lemme interrupt you ... no , Stan , listen -- be you in Atlanta ? ' Cause I be come right by you . maybe I can swing by and ... no , Stan , listen ...! ext . vw bus - parked - day grandpa , stand by the bus , read Richard 's body language . Richard , in the booth , talk with increase desperation . grandpa he 's not get it . Christ . he and dwayne share a look . grandpa turn away , troubled . Frank walk stiffly back to the bus with he slushee and the wrapper . without look , he hand the wrapper to grandpa . frank how 's it go ? grandpa not so good . sheryl walk back to the vw as Richard hang up the phone . Richard stay in the booth for a second . then he exit the booth and walk back to the vw , pass sheryl . sheryl so what happen ? richard nothing . let 's get out of here . he walk to the driver 's seat . sheryl wait a minute . I think you say this be a do deal . richard he say it be a do deal . sheryl you do not get anything ? ( beat ) so where do that leave we ? richard it leave we fuck . that 's where it leave we . pause . sheryl I can not believe I be hearing this . do you try negotiate ...? richard yes , I try ! I try everything ! what do you think ...?! let 's just go , okay ? let 's get out of here ! he start the car . she stare at he . he will not look at she . finally , he turn and yell : richard ( cont would ) let 's goll ! furious , she go and get in the bus , slamm the door . everyone else get in . Richard release the brake and they drift down the hill . as the van roll away , Richard shift and gun the engine . int . vw bus - on the road - day silence . everyone avoid everyone else 's eye . finally , Frank glance around . frank where 's olive ? ext . phone booth - day olive stand next to the phone booth . in the distance , the vw bus appear . it drive up and swing around the road . dwayne slide open the door . they barely slow down . olive dive in . the van coast downhill . then Richard shift into gear and gun the engine . 46 , int . vw Bus - on the road — day Richard drive , everyone be tense except olive , who listen to she headphone . finally , grandpa get up and walk up to the front of the bus . he speak quietly to Richard , grandpa Richard , . richard veahee grandpa listen , whatever happen ~~ at least you try to do something on you own , which be more than most people ever do , and I include myself in that category , rt take gut , ang I be proud of you for take the chance , okay ? richard okay , dad . thanks . he try to be cool and dismissive , but grandpa just stand there , finally , Richard turn and make eye contact , awkwardly , he offer he hand to grandpa . they shake , richard ( cont would ) thanks , dad , int . mcdonald — night everyone sit at a table eat . no one say anything , ext , motel - night with key in they hand , they walk along the motor court , look for they room . sheryl here 's eleven . Frank , you be twelve ? and grandpa 's thirteen , olive Mom ? can be sleep with grandpa ? sheryl that 's up to he , olive grandpa ... ? 47 . grandpa okay . I get two bed . you could still use some rehearse ... olive I know ! that 's why I say ...! richard everyone , we be get up at seven . 1/11 knock on you door . we want to be on the road by eight so we can be in boca in time for registration . it 's two hundred mile , so we can not dawdle . sheryl Frank ? you guy ' 1l be all right ? frank we will be fine . dwayne nod . sheryl kiss dwayne and olive . sheryl okay . goodnight . sleep tight . everyone wave goodnight to each other . int . motel room eleven ~- night sheryl and Richard enter . sheryl close the door . richard what a fuck nightmare ...! sheryl Richard ... we have to talk . richard please , not now . let 's just get through this and get home ... sheryl no , Richard . we need to talk now . int . motel room twelve - night dwayne lie on he bed stare at the ceiling . through the wall we can hear sheryl and Richard argue very loudly . sheryl ( 0.s. ) you say it be a do deal !!! richard ( 0.s. ) Stan grossman give I he word ! 48. sheryl ( 0.s. ) I be not marry to Stan grossman ! Jesus , Richard , what be we gonna do ? richard ( 0.s. ) we just keep go ... sheryl ( 0.s. ) I can not , Richard , it 's too much ! it 's too much , I can not take it ! et cetera . Frank wander out of the bathroom , squirting rogaine on he head and rub he scalp . he watch dwayne . frank hey . do not listen to that . come on , let 's watch the tube . he turn on the tv . dwayne sit up and turn the tv off . he lie down , stare at the ceiling again . Frank look at he . frank I be gonna brush my tooth . he turn and go back to the bathroom . int . motel bathroom - night frarik enter , turn on the faucet , prepare to brush he tooth . he see himself in the mirror and stop . a beat . he open up he wallet , pull out the photo he look at earlier , stare at it . again , we can not see the photo . he look at himself in the mirror again . int . motel room twelve - night the fight continue . dwayne listen , scowling . richard ( 0.s. ) I trust he , okay ?! step Three be you have to trust people ! sheryl ( 0.s. ) fuck the nine step , Richard ! they be not work ! it 's over !!! forget it !!! I never want to hear the nine step again !!! a stunne silence . dwayne , hearing this , just barely smile . 49 . int . motel room thirteen ~- night grandpa tuck olive -- in pajamas -- into bed . it 's quiet -- we can not hear sheryl and Richard fight . grandpa there you go . snug as a bug in a rug . olive grandpa ...? grandpa yeah ? she hesitates . olive I be kind of scared about tomorrow . grandpa olive , you be gonna blow ‘em out of the water . I guarantee it . they will not know what hit ‘em . she smile . he 's about to leave she when ... olive grandpa ...? he turn back . she hesitates again . something 's really , bother she . grandpa ( cont have ) it 's okay . what 's the matter ? olive I do not want to be a loser . grandpa you be not a loser , olive ! why do you say that ?! olive because ...! dad hate loser . that 's what he say ! grandpa but you be not a loser ! and you dad would never hate you , ever ! olive but what if I lose tomorrow ? she 's on the verge of tear , he take she hand . vue grandpa whoa , whoa , back up a second . you can not lose . you know why ? because a real loser be not someone who do not win . a real loser ig someone who 's so afraid of not win they do not even try . that 's not you ! you be in the contest ! you be gonna dance ! so even if you win , or you do not win , you have already win ! see ? you see ? you-see-you-see-you-see ? he tickle she . she squeal . he stop , brushes she hair . grandpa I think we be gonna have fun tomorrow . you think ? ( she nod ) okay . I be gonna get ready for bed . goodnight . sleep tight . olive do not let the bedbug bite ! he give she a kiss , turn off the lamp . int . motel room twelve - night Frank re-enter from the bathroom wear monogramm silk pajamas , a sleep mask on he head . dwayne be in bed read thus spoke zarathustra . Frank climb into bed . dwayne sit up , look at Frank , concerned . frank what ? dwayne show he pad of paper to Frank . it read : '' please do not kill yourself tonight '' Frank shake he head . frank ( cont have ) not on you watch . I would not do that to you . dwayne nod , relieved . Frank pull he sleep mask over he eye , lie back . dwayne lean over , turn out the light . int . motel bathroom - day grandpa enter and lock the door . ile he open he shave kit and take out a small mirror and a tiny ziploc baggie fill with light brown powder . int . motel room eleven - night Richard and sheryl sit on opposite side of the bed , not face each other . it 's quiet . they have hit rock bottom . sheryl maybe we should try live apart . just for a while . Richard close he eye . this kill he . abruptly , Richard stand , gather he key , wallet , etc . sheryl what be you do ? Richard ...? richard I be gonna fix this . sheryl Richard ... richard I be gonna fix this . do not worry . he grab he coat and exit , very determine . sheryl , leave behind , flop back on the bed . ext . motel parking lot - night Richard stride to the vw bus , park parallel on the street . a small crowd of teenager be hang out , smoking and drink . Three Teen boy be putter around on moped . Richard ~~ on a mission -- climb in the vw 's driver 's seat and start it up . he shift into third and revs the engine . the vw do not move . he revs it very high and loud , jostling in he seat to try to get the bus go . it stay still . Richard take he foot of the gas , slump back . the teens stop chat and stare at he . Richard , at the end of he rope , turn and look at the teens and they moped . jump to : Richard walk up to the teens on they moped . they be wary . Richard smile , try to be friendly . 52 , richard hey ! how would one of you guy like to make twenty dollar ? the teens look at each other . teen boy fuck off , fag . this amuse the other teens . Richard -- undeterred -- pull out he wallet , open it up to see how much cash he have . richard okay , look ... CUT to : ext . highway entrance - night - long shot a empty highway entrance , light by streetlamp . interstate traffic fly by at 70 mph -- car , suv , eighteen wheeler . into the frame and down the entrance ramp ride Richard , balanced precariously on a borrow mope , push 35 mph . he edge into the break -down lane and drive parallel to the swooshing traffic , a look of grim determination on he face . he pass a sign that read , '' Atlanta , 23 mile . '' fade to black ext . motel playground - night it 's quiet , a empty child 's playground sit near the motel , light by a single streetlamp . sheryl lie on a platform swing , rock back and forth , smoking a cigarette , stare up at the star . she look at she wedding ring , jiggle it with she thumb . fade in the whine of a mope . ext . HOTEL parking lot - night Richard pull into parking lot of a large chain hotel . a marquee out front read , '' life / style expo . welcome ! '' int . HOTEL hallway - night Richard come in a side exit and stride down a long , carpete hallway . empty conference room line the hall . 53 . outside each conference room be a easel with a foam board mock - up of a self - help book cover . Richard walk past face after face of aspire self - help gurus . int . HOTEL lobby - night Richard -- windblown , still in short and sneaker -- stride into a well - appoint lobby . a female concierge be on late - night duty . he walk to a courtesy phone , pick ae ue richard ( cont would ) ( into phone ) Stan grossman , please . thank you . through the receiver , we hear ringing . then voice -mail . voice mail ( via phone ) the hotel guest you be call be not available . please leave a message at the tone . beep . richard Stan , it 's Richard ... ( at a loss ) I do not know where the fuck you be . I be at you hotel . call I . he hang up and look around , exasperate . he take out he cell phone and dial . he put the phone to he ear . as the phone ring in he ear , we hear the synchronize bleat of a cell phone from the hotel bar nearby . it take Richard a second to make the connection . he turn . in the bar / lounge , a boistrous group of corporate type -~- prosperously attire man , meticulously groom woman -- be seat around a booth , drink and laugh together . holding court be Stan grossman , a swarthy mid-30s go-getter wear khakis , loafer , and a cashmere V -neck . Richard watch as Stan pull out he cell phone , check the caller id , shake he head , put the phone away . Richard -- phone in he ear -- walk over and stand behind Stan grossman , stare down at he . the corporate type stop laugh . Stan turn , look up at Richard . Richard smile . richard ( cont have ) hi , Stan ! 34 . ext . HOTEL parking lot - night Richard and Stan argue next to a dumpster in the parking lot behind the hotel . Richard 's borrow mope be park nearby . richard you say it would sell ...! stan grossman that 's what I think ! at the time ! richard but it 's a great program ! you say yourself ! I do not understand ...! stan grossman it 's not the program , Richard , it 's you , okay ? no one 's hear of you . nobody care . Richard exhales , shake he head , gather himself . richard so what 's the next step ? stan grossman there be none . we have we shot . it do not fly . we move on . richard you mean give up . stan grossman Richard ... richard one set back , you be ready to quit . stan grossman Richard , listen -- I push this thing hard , okay ? I ram it down they fuck throat , all right ? no one buy it . now , I know the market . it 's time to move on . you be not gonna win this one . Richard stare at Stan , absorb this . then he speak with a strain nonchalance , nodd and smile . richard okay ...! good ! I be glad . you know why ? this be what the nine step be all about ... * stan grossman Richard ! Jesus ...! richard vou blow ie , stan . = vouc out . Richard turn and walk off . Stan can not believe it . he watch Richard , shake he head and re-enter the hotel . Richard stride to the mope , look both way , climb on and pedal furiously . the mope sputter to life . ext . highway - night Richard , grim , ride he borrow mope along the breakdown lane as car and truck roar past he . this be -- hand down -- the worst moment of he life . then there 's a flash of lightning and a clap of thunder . it start to rain . Richard keep riding . int . motel - night a darken motel room . we hear the whine of the mope as it pull into the parking lot and up to the door . the door open and Richard -- daze , soaking wet -- step in . he close the door behind he , walk over , lie on the bed -- fully clothed -- and stare up at the ceiling . sheryl , sleep , wake up and see Richard . sheryl y’ okay ? he nod . sheryl rub he arm , roll over , go back to sleep . Richard stare up at the ceiling . fade to black olive ( v.0o . ) dad ...? int . motel room - dawn Richard open he eye . olive be stand next to the bed . the blue light of dawn be come through the window . richard what be it , hon ...? olive grandpa will not wake up . 30 . Richard take this in . ext . ambulance roof - day we be behind the light of a ambulance as it speed down a commercial strip . the light flash and siren blare . int . hospital waiting room - day everyone sit silently in a wait room , wait for news . olive , bored , go through a rack of medical flyer . she take one she take and approach dwayne . olive you want to take a eye test ? ( dwayne shake he head ) uncle Frank ? you want to take a eye test ? sheryl olive , come here . put that away . we be gonna have a family meeting . dwayne ? family meeting . richard what ? now ? sheryl Richard ...! let 's just do it . a breath . she turn to the kid . sheryl ( cont no ) first of all , the doctor be do everything they can to help grandpa right now . he 's have a long ... ( search for word ) .. eventful life , and I know he love both of you very much . but if God want to take he , we have to be ready to accept that , okay ? ( they nod ) now , I think you guy know we have be have money problem lately , with Richard 's venture and everything ... ithing have not really go the way we hope . so it look like when we get home we might have to make some change in the way we live . we might have to move out of we house . we might have to declare bankruptcy . I do not know . TI have to talk to a lawyer about all that . she look at Richard , the kid . her voice become shaky . sheryl ( cont would ) but whatever happen -- we be a family . what 's important be that we love each other . I love you guy so , so , so much ... she turn away , start to cry . Frank put he hand on she shoulder . sheryl grasp it . olive and dwayne watch sheryl . dwayne write a note , show it to olive . it read : '' go hug Mom ! '' olive go and hug sheryl . sheryl , cry , pick up olive and hold she in she lap , hugging she . dwayne get up , go across the wait room and stare out the window . out the window a second floor view . it 's a banal suburban landscape . Cars go busily back and forth on a distant road . dwayne just stare out the window with a blank face . behind he , a doctor enter the wait area . doctor be you the family of Edwin harvey ? int . hospital room - day everyone be gather in a smaller room . the Doctor close the door behind he . he turn to face they . doctor I be sorry . we do everything we could . he be ... it be too much . he probably fall asleep and never wake up . i’11 have someone come talk about handle the remain . richard thank you . appreciate it . the Doctor open the door and call down the hall . doctor Linda , ..! he gesture , then depart . silence . olive be grandpa dead ? 58 . sheryl yeah , honey . he 's pass away . olive nod , say nothing . a hospital administrator , linda , come in with a sheaf of papers . she be overburdene and all business . linda I be you bereavement liaison , Linda . my consolation for you loss . richard thank you , Linda . Linda hand Richard she sheaf of paperwork . linda ( fast , indifferent ) okay . this be the form you need to fill out -- death certificate , report of death and the m.e. pink slip . try and be as detailed as possible . this be a brochure for we grief recovery support Group that meet tuesday . if you have like , I can refer you at this time to a funeral home so you can begin make arrangement . Richard and sheryl glance at each other . richard um , actually , pre-arrangements have be make with a home in maryland . linda in maryland ...? richard yeah , we be pass through . y'see , we be try to get to boca raton ... linda okay -- if the body be crossing state line ? you be gonna need a burial Transit permit from the County Registrar ... richard okay , fine , but here 's the thing -- we be try to get to boca raton by three o'clock this afternoon ... dy. linda Three o'clock ? today ? ( check she watch ) that be not gonna happen . richard it 's for my daughter . this be really important . linda it may be important , but you still have to fill out this paperwork . richard okay , I know this be unusual ... be there a way we can go and come back ? I mean , can we do paperwork later ? linda you can not abandon the body ... richard linda I be not gonna abandon the ... otherwise the hospital body . I just want to go and become responsible ... Sir , come back . we just need to there 's a way this thing get to boca and then we 'il need to be do . Sir ? come back ! silence . we will come back ! Sir ...? Sir !!! linda ( cont have ) Sir , this may surprise you , but you be not the only one who 's have someone die here today , all right ?! now we have a way of do thing around here , and I '' gonna ask you to respect we rule and procedure ! Richard stare at the floor , seethe . a pause . Richard speak with great restraint . she lead richard could you ...? be there a way we could view the remain ? linda ( nod , also restrain ) I 'il show you , yes . we have not have a chance to move he downstairs . they out . int . hospital corridor - day Linda stop in front of a intensive care room . a a ae 60 . linda he 's in here . now someone may come by in a few minute to take he to the basement , but just tell they who you be . they 'il wait . richard thank you . linda when you be do with the paperwork I will be in the nurse 's station . richard okay . great . thank you , Linda . she depart . int . intensive care room - day they enter . it 's quiet . there 's a body under a sheet . Richard walk over and peer under it , then put it down . he turn away and face the wall . he start hyperventilate -- choke down the emotion . he do not want to lose control , and he 's not comfortable show he feeling . richard ( under he breath ) goddam it , dad. goddamn it . ( beat ) stupid , stupid , stupid ...!!! he shake he head and take a few sharp breath , get himself under control -- still face the wall . sheryl hug olive , stroking she hair . olive be dry-ey -- this be all new to she . sheryl bend down and whisper : sheryl we will do Little miss Sunshine next year . okay , honey ? next year . olive nod . no one say anything . finally , Richard turn around . he be very determine . richard no . we have come seven hundred mile . I / x11 be damme if I be not make that contest . sheryl honey ... we can not leave he ! 61 . richard we be not go to leave he . Richard dump the paperwork in a wastebasket . he open the door , glance into the hallway . he close the door . richard ( cont have ) fuck . ..! he look desperately around the room . he see the window . he go to the window , open it up . ext . hospital - day Richard peer out the window . he 's at the back side of the building , seven or eight foot above a near-empty parking lot . int . intensive care room - day Richard duck back in . he toss he car key to dwayne . richard dwayne . go around outside . sheryl Richard ... what be you think ? richard we will take he with we . sheryl no , Richard . no . that 's not go to happen . * richard he 's better off with we than with this people ! ( to dwayne ) go under the window . Frank , you go with he . sheryl dwayne , do not you dare ! ( to Richard ) look : you stay here . we ’1ll take olive . Frank 'il drive ! richard we 'il be there in two hour ! I / ' 1l have a funeral home meet we as soon as we arrive ! {never say die : ) listen , everyone . ( more ) oz . richard ( cont would ) if there 's one thing grandpa would have want , it 's to have olive perform at the Little miss Sunshine pageant . I believe we have be do a grave disservice to he memory if we give up now . there 's two kind of people in the world : winner and loser . and what 's the difference ? winner do not give up . so what be we here ? be we winner ? or loser ? ccut to : ext . hospital - day Richard peek out the window . richard okay , ready ? Frank , dwayne , sheryl and olive stand under the window , try to look inconspicuous . Frank gesture -- wait . across the lot , two nurse stroll toward the hospital . frank not yet ... not yet ... the nurse pass out of sight . frank ( cont have ) okay -- go , go , go ! Richard disappear for a second , then reappear with a big bundle wrap in a sheet . he hoist it into the window . richard careful ... careful ... he edge the bundle off the window ledge . Frank and dwayne gently lower the bundle to the ground . they glance around . frank okay ! here we go ! one , two ... Frank , dwayne , sheryl and olive lift the bundle together and scuttle across the parking lot to the vw bus fifty foot away . a elderly couple walk fifty yard away observe they . frank ( cont have ) be cool . be cool . almost there . they arrive at the bus . 63. dwayne whip open the vw 's back door ( a hatchback that hide you luggage ) and they hoist the bundle in . Frank slam the door close . Richard come sprinting into the parking lot . richard okay vetus roll you ready . frank any time , Rich ! Richard start up the bus , get out and help they push . they get the bus roll . the lot be at a slight incline , which help . finally , Richard jump behind the wheel . richard okay , I be put it into gear ...! sheryl and olive jump in the side door . Frank and dwayne run behind the bus , push like crazy . frank do I mention I be the pre-eminent proust scholar in the US ? Richard revs the engine and put it in third . the bus begin pick up speed . dwayne and Frank sprint along side . this time , dwayne be prepare to push Frank up along - side the bus . Frank lunge in . dwayne jump in after he . int . vw bus ~ day dwayne slide the door shut . they be giddy and breathless from the escape . they quickly sober up . richard okay , what time be it ? sheryl ( check she watch ) it 's 11:30 . how much further ...? richard I dunno . ' two hundred mile ...? frank and when do registration end ? sheryl Three o'clock . they do the math . 64 . frank it 's gonna be close . richard no , we will make it . we just can not stop . no one have to pee , right ? olive be think . olive dad ? what 's gonna happen to grandpa ? richard honey , as soon as we get to Florida , I be gonna call a funeral home in maryland and they 'il take care of everything . you grandpa be smart and plan ahead . okay ? olive nod . that 's not really what she be ask about . sheryl see this . sheryl honey , grandpa 's soul be in Heaven now . he 's with god. okay ? olive nod . she turn and look out the window . out the window . the pass landscape of the road lead back to the interstate . it seem a long way from God . close on olive think . fade to black begin music -- the same quiet tune that begin the film . ext . highway - day - montage the vw cruise past field , billboard , farm , rest stop . int . vw bus - on the road - day - montage the dialogue below play over the follow shot . the family drive in silence , each look out the window . Richard drive -- stoic , determine . sheryl be pensive . she sneak glance at Richard . Frank , subdued , watch sheryl . he rub olive on the head . olive , headphone around she neck , stare out the window . dwayne lie across the back seat , stare up . dwayne 's Pov -- pass power line undulate against the sky . from the back , we see the highway pass as each person be lose in a reverie . sheryl , in the front , look at Richard , reach over and rub Richard 's neck . Richard glance at she , keep drive . olive ( 0.s. ) uncle Frank ? do everyone get to go to Heaven ? frank ( 0.s. ) that 's a excellent question , olive . actually , the hindus believe that you get as many life as you want . buddhist believe that you live many life but at a certain point you reach nirvana and cross the finish line . Christians believe you only get one life -- they do not believe in do -over . olive ( 0.s. ) what do you believe ? frank ( 0.s. ) I dunno . I have not make my mind up . what about you ? olive I think everyone go to Heaven . frank even I ? olive yes ! frank you promise ? olive yes !!! fade to black int . vw bus - on the road - day they be cruise . olive have she headphone back on , though she 's not bounce anymore -- just nodd she head . sheryl point to a pass sign , '' boca raton -- 61 mile . '' sheryl sixty one mile . what time be it ? Frank check he watch . frank five of two ...! sheryl look worriedly at Richard . Richard step on the gas . richard we will make it ! do not worry ! sheryl we be cut it close ... richard it 's not even close ! we will be ... a car cut in front of he . he brake . richard ( cont would ) look out ! asshole ! he honk the horn loudly at the guy . frank what happen ? richard he cut I off ! the horn keep honking intermittently . sheryl okay . you can stop now . richard it 's not I ! this thing be stick . he try to pull the horn button up . instead , he get a long continuous hoooonk . he let go . it stop . sheryl okay , just leave it ...! silence . then a honk . another silence . honk , honk . 67 . sheryl ( cont have ) maybe if you pull it from ... she try to lift up another part . hooooonk . she stop . richard just leave it , okay ? we all fix it when we get to boca ! sheryl okay , fine ! silence . honk ! silence . honk ! honk ! silence . dwayne put he head in he hand . he can not stand it . frank how many day ' till you enlist ? dwayne pull out he pad and write . he show it : 623 '' Frank contemplate this . . frank ( cont no ) maybe I can adopt you . dwayne stare out the window . honk ! silence . hooonk ! ext . highway - day the van , its horn blaring , cruise past a State trooper hide behind a evergreen . the trooper hit the light . int . vw bus - on the road - day Richard see the light in the rear-view mirror . richard oh , Jesus ! I be be pull over ! everybody : act normal , okay ?. like everything be normal . here we go ... he pull onto the breakdown lane and stop . the horn continue honking intermittently . the trooper , a 50 - ish good ol 's boy , get out and approach . trooper how be you folk doin’ today ? richard Fine ! doin 's fine ! ( honk ) sorry ! 68. trooper have trouble with you horn ? richard yeah , a little trouble . ( honk ) sorry ! ( honk ) sorry !!! Frank lean forward gleefully : frank do not apologize , Rich ! it 's a sign of weakness ! Richard ignore he . trooper would you step out of you vehicle ? ext . highway ~ day the trooper gesture towards reluctantly , Richard get out . the back of the van . trooper would you step this way ? richard no ... 1 trooper what ? richard do not ...! trooper do not what ? Richard shut up . the trooper see he glance at the trunk . trooper you have something in you trunk ? richard no! nothing ! there 's nothing . it 's just ... do not open it . the trooper be incredulous . oy . trooper Sir , you realize you have just give I probable cause to search you trunk ? put you hand on top of you vehicle . now do not move . he shake he head and walk back towards the trunk . richard please ! it 's not illegal , it 's ... trooper Sir , I have advise you to keep you mouth shut . Richard shut up . the trooper pull he gun and hesitantly approach the trunk . int . vw bus - day everyone surreptitiously watch the trooper . sheryl ( sotto ) oh no , what 's he do ?! ext . highway - day Richard watch the trooper walk around the back of the bus and reach for the trunk . he close he eye . the trooper open the trunk . trooper whoa ! goddamn !!! Richard open he eye , shake he head -- this be the end . trooper six , would you come here ? Richard walk back . the trooper bend down behind the bus . rounding the corner , Richard see the trooper pick up grandpa 's porn magazine , which have spill onto the road . the bundle sheet sit in plain sight . the trooper , distract , gather the magazine and stand . he grin . trooper ( cont would ) do not worry , I be not gonna bust you . he look in the bus , smile and wave at sheryl and olive . 70 . int . vw bus - day everyone in the bus -- mind blow -- wave back . ext . highway ~ day the trooper tidy the magazine and , grin , shuffles through they with a connoisseur 's eye -- swank , High Society , Black tail . the next magazine : honcho . a beefy , moustach stud gaze smolderingly from the cover . the trooper stop grin . he look at Richard . Richard shrug and laugh nervously . int . vw bus - day as the trooper 's cruiser pull back onto the highway , Richard walk to the front , climb in , slam the door . sheryl what happen ?! richard ( steely ) I ’1l1 tell you when I regain consciousness . ( start the car ) Frank . dwayne . get out and push . int . vw bus - on the road ~ day they be cruise . the horn honk in occasional spurt . everyone ignore it . olive play with a eye chart she get at the hospital . she point at a diminish set of '' E 's dwayne be in the back seat , hold a hand over one eye and point he finger up , down , or sideway to correspond to the rotation of the '' EB '' , dwayne make it through the chart . olive 20 / 20 vision ! Mom , dwayne have 20 / 20 vision ! sheryl I bet he do . olive okay , further back ! dwayne and olive continue with the chart , with dwayne sit further back . sheryl point to a pass sign . sheryl boca raton ! forty six ! 71 . Frank check he watch . frank hes coor | sheryl look at Richard , who step on the gas . richard we will make it , okay ?! maybe a few minute late . sheryl no , Richard ...! they say three o‘clock sharp ! - they be very explicit . you do not want to fuck with this people . trust I . frank you know where it be ? sheryl the holiday Inn . she say it 's just off the highway . you can not miss it . richard she better be right . in the back , olive pull out a new flyer . olive okay , now I be gonna test if you be colorblind . what letter be in the circle ? she hold up a chart with a green circle . Inside the circle , in a mosaic pattern , be a bright red letter '' a '' . dwayne make a gesture , '' there 's nothing there . '' olive ( cont have ) no , inside the circle ! right there ! dwayne shake he head again . olive glance at Frank . olive ( cont have ) it 's a '' a '' ! can not you see it ?! it 's red ! see ? right there ! dwayne take the chart and stare at it . frank you can not see the '' a '' ? it 's bright red . can you see the difference between the green and the red ? dwayne shake he head helplessly . Frank turn away . 72. frank ( cont no ) oh , man . dwayne look at he . he pull out he pad and write : '' what ? '' Frank do not say anything . dwayne point violently at the pad . Frank look at he . quietly : frank ( cont would ) dwayne . I think you be colorblind . dwayne do not understand . he point at the pad again . frank ( cont have ) you can not fly jet in the navy if you be colorblind . dwayne do nothing . then he seem to implode in on himself , curling up in a ball . Frank shout towards the front . frank ( cont have ) Rich , pull over ! richard what ?! frank we have a emergency back here ! richard what be it ? frank just pull over ! richard what 's the emergency ? frank sheryl , will you make he pull over ?! sheryl Richard ...! richard we be gonna be late if ... sheryl Richard !!! richard I be pull over , okay ?! I be pull over ! 73 . he put on the clicker . ext , side of the interstate - day the bus pull into the break -down lane beside the highway . the door slide open and dwayne get out onto the grassy slope by the side of the road . he walk off with he head in he hand . this be the first time we have hear he voice . dwayne fuck !!! ( beat ) fuck !!! the other get out of the car and watch he . sheryl what happen ? frank he 's colorblind . he can not fly . sheryl oh , Jesus . oh , no . thirty yard away dwayne fall to he knee , bury he hand and face in the grass , and shriek like a wild animal . there 's a out -of-control quality to he behavior that be scary and disturbing . finally , dwayne roll to a sit position , he hand cover he face . he sit there cry . the other do not know what to do . Richard glance at sheryl . he point at he watch and shrug . sheryl ( cont have ) let 's give he a second . in the background , the vw keep honking like some demonic beast -- mock dwayne 's helplessness . finally , sheryl approach dwayne . sheryl ( cont have ) dwayne ? honey ? I be sorry . he say nothing . she sigh . sheryl dwayne ... come on , we gotta go . dwayne I be not go . 74 . sheryl dwayne ... dwayne I be not ! I do not care ! I be not get in that bus again ! sheryl dwayne ... for better or worse : we be you family ... dwayne stand up and scream at they . dwayne you be not my family ! I do not want to be you family ! I hate you fuck people ! I hate you ! ( he point at they ) divorce ! bankrupt ! suicide ! you be loser ! you be fuck loser ! everyone be stunne by this outburst . dwayne put he hand over he eye and sit down again . dwayne ( cont would ) just leave I , mom. please ? just leave I here . sheryl get up and walk back to the other . sheryl I do not know what to do . richard we be gonna be late . can we leave somebody here with he ? frank I all stay . sheryl no , we be not do that . richard olive , you want to talk to he ? sheryl no , Richard . there 's nothing to say . we just have to wait . a beat . then olive walk over and sit down next to dwayne . dwayne 's face be red and snot be dribble from he nose . he have a piece of straw and he 's poke some ant in the grass . uc she put she arm on he shoulder and watch he poke . the ant climb busily over the grass . they sit quietly . then dwayne stand up . dwayne okay , let 's go . he walk back to the other . his voice be automatic . dwayne ( contd ) I apologize for the thing I say . I be upset . I do not really mean they . frank ( mock~tender ) dwayne ... we know you do . sheryl Frank ... ( to dwayne ) it 's okay . let 's just go . they all start push the bus . int . vw bus - on the road - day Richard be weaving through traffic -- the engine 's revving very high . Richard , sheryl , olive , and Frank be look ahead intently . dwayne be slouched in the back , stare at '' nothing . the horn have taper off to a occasional honk . Frank check he watch . frank oe ! richard we be gonna make it ! olive , do not worry ! we will be on time ! jump to : the same . Frank check he watch . frank 251 richard just look for the exit ! it 's come up ! jump to : 76 . the same . Frank check he watch again . frank 2:58 ! no one say anything . then Richard point . richard there ! that 's it ! can anyone see a holiday Inn ? a beat . olive point . olive there ! Little miss Sunshine ! as they ride up the exit ramp , the sign in front of the holiday Inn read , '' Little miss Sunshine . '' Richard come off the ramp onto a four lane commercial road . there 's a maze of service road and parking lot between he and the holiday Inn . Richard be baffle . richard how the fuck do you get over there ? sheryl turn here ! turn here ! Richard take a right into a service road . sheryl ( cont have ) will you slow down ? richard pecanyt l= fem a third gear ! frank 2:59 pm ! richard do anyone see a turn -off ? how the fuck do you get over there ? they drive past the holiday Inn -- a few hundred yard away . olive dad ! you drive past it ! richard there 's no place to turn in ! sheryl turn around ! you gotta turn around ! wc richard okay , hold on , everybody . the vw screech around in a wide arc across four lane of ( luckily empty ) traffic . Richard gun the under-revve engine . they again drive past the distant holiday Inn . richard ( cont have ) can anyone see a way in ? sheryl go over there , then cut across ! richard okay , hold on ! the vw squeal around a leave turn onto another service road . richard ( cont have ) there 's no way in ! what the fuck ?! olive dad ! you be drive past it ! sheryl there ! into the parking lot ! she point . Richard turn into a enormous empty parking lot . he drive towards the holiday Inn in the distance . there 's still no clear path on how to get there . richard it 's a dead end ! sheryl no , go over there ! richard it 's the same ! there 's no way ...! he turn the wheel and they begin trace a wide loop -- bombing around the parking lot at 35 mph in a hold pattern . frank Three o'clock ! olive dad ...! sheryl go back out ! richard we try that ! there 's no way in ! 78 . sheryl so we just keep go in circle ? Richard say nothing . finally : richard okay : hold on , everybody ! olive , put you seat belt on . he come out of a wide arc and head straight for the median strip separate he from the holiday Im . sheryl oh , my God ! richard hold on , everyone ! he gun it . as soon as he hit the first median , the horn go off and do not stop . they be in a new parking lot . sheryl look out ! Richard go screeching past several park car . they be one median strip away from the holiday Inn parking lot . richard one more ! here we go ! hold on ! they hit the median hard . a big ' pump . they have make it into the holiday Inn parking lot . the whole van sag to the rear . Frank look out the rear window . a tire be wheeling off across the parking lot by itself . frank we lose a tire , Rich ! richard we will get it later ! here we go ! they come glide into a parking space , horn blaring . Frank yank open the slide door . it slide back , slam into the end of the track and derail . the whole door fall off the side of the van and into the parking lot . Frank do not even look back . he sprint across the lot towards a distant banner mark '' Little miss Sunshine . '' all the other -~ except dwayne -- sprint after he . ue ) 's int . registration hall ~ day a big carpete hotel lobby . the door open and Frank come in , breathless . he stop . the place be crawl with tiny blond girl and they stress mother . the girl be dress , coiff and make - up to within a inch of they life . nearby , a contest official be pack up she thing behind a table with a '' registration '' banner . Frank sprint up to she . the other catch up and stand , look on -- desperate , disshevelle , breathe hard . frank hi , we be here to register ! official I be sorry , we be close . frank but we have a entrant . right here . we just need to check in . official registration end at three . frank it 's three now ! official no ... she point to a clock on the wall . it 's 3:04 pm . richard oh , have a heart ! we be four minute late ! we just drive all the way from maryland ...! official then you should have be here by three . she try to leave . Richard stop she . richard wait , wait , wait ! how can we make this work ? official everyone else be here before three . I have be give unfair advantage ... 80. richard we be not ask for a advantage ! we just want to compete ! official do not yell at I , sir . I do not make you late . we have settle on the schedule of the show and we nve turn off we computer . now the show start in twenty minute , I have a hair check to do , I be sorry you be late , but I can not help you . she try to leave but they block she way . Richard get on he knee . richard please ! you do not know what we have be through ...! SOUND guy ( 0.s. ) uh , Ms. Jenkins ...? they all turn . there 's a SOUND guy -- a very portly young man with a high voice -- who 's clearly just hear the story . SOUND guy ( cont have ) I can put ‘em in the system . official oh , kirby , you do not have to ! kirby no , it 's okay . it 's five minute . official well ... it 's you time . ' scuse I . she push past they . Frank leap up . frank hello ! everyone ?! we have just witness a great act of compassion and human kindness ! exhibit a : we ’‘ve get Eva braun here -- make the train run on time , and B : kirby ! my man ! currently the great human be on the planet ! applause , please ! he lead the other in applause . everyone else in the lobby ignore they , kirby smile , flip on the computer , they crowd around . 81. sheryl thank you so much ! you do not know what this mean ... kirby please . it 's five minute . he glance in the direction of the official , who have depart , and shake he head , quietly : kirby ( cont would ) I be not work for this people again . this people be crazy . ( to olive ) so , what 's you name ? olive olive . kirby olive . that 's a nice name , she smile . he start tapping away at the computer . olive glance away and freeze , across the room be miss Florida , sit behind a table , signing photo for kid . olive be in awe , olive ( cont would ) Mom ! it 's miss Florida ! look ! it 's really she ! sheryl you want to say hello ? olive shake she head , intimidate -- it 's like meeting a god . sheryl ( cont have ) come on , she look nice . we will just say hi. ( to Richard ) you get this ? rr T will take care of it . sheryl drag olive to the back of the line -- a half a dozen girl and they mother . the girl pos eecee ore turn and stare at olive -- size up the competition . olive smile . 82 . olive take this in stride . Frank and dwayne approach , carry the family 's luggage and a Sunday NY Times . frank hey . I be get a room . we 'il set up a base camp . sheryl okay , we will come find you . Frank and dwayne walk off . olive watch they go , then turn and look at the other girl . again , they be all miniature barby with expensive clothes and hair . all of they be several inch short than olive , who be still dress in she travel clothes -- denim cut - off and black converse high - top . she stand out . two twin girl be chase each other around , giggle . olive watch . eventually , the twin see olive watch they . they whisper to each other and giggle . olive give they a friendly half -smile . finally , the twin Girls approach olive . twin girl one be you on a diet ? olive what ? twin girl one be you on a diet ? olive no ...! twin girl two do not think so ! they dissolve into giggle and run away . olive be disturb . sheryl be steam but do not know what to do , across the room kirby finish up with Richard -- have he sign a release . kirby and sign ... ( Richard sign ) ... and you be do ! here 's you receipt ; ticket ; sash ; tiara . anything else ? 83. richard yeah . be there a funeral home around here ? int . holiday inn room - day a quiet , empty room . Frank and dwayne enter , drop the luggage on the floor . dwayne immediately walk to a bed in the corner of the room and lie face the wall . Frank survey the room with a jaundice eye . he walk over , peer out the window . Frank turn , look at dwayne lie on the bed . he walk over , settles into a chair , pull out he NY Times . frank hey , you know , face the wall like that ...? there 's no way you gonna stop I from kill myself . no way ! I could be out the window before you even turn around . a beat . he open up a Sunday New York Times . frank ( cont have ) sorry . he look at dwayne for a few beat , then shake he head and open up the Book Review section . in the book review be a full - page ad for understand proust by Larry sugarman . a banner read , '' the surprise bestseller from America 's # 1 proust scholar ! '' there 's a photo of Larry sugarman , in a beard and glass , look very serious . Frank stare at the ad . ext , holiday inn balcony ~ day Frank open a slide door and step on to the tiny balcony . he walk to the edge and look over . it 's eight floor down to the parking lot . Frank consider the drop . then he pull out he wallet and take out the photograph . 84. the photo show Frank and the Young man from the convenience store at some chic party , wear tux , smile , and drink Champagne . Frank stare at the photo . he look up and survey he surroundings -~ a rather grim landscape of Burger king and jiffy lube . quietly , he put the photo away and turn back to the room . ext . parking lot - day Richard approach the vw bus with two funeral home worker in jumpsuit who affect a bored , see - it - all demeanor . worker one , 40s , be a old pro . worker two , 20 , be a fresh - face rookie . a funeral home van be park in the background . richard ... we be drive five , six hour -- we think he be napping . by the time we figure it out it be too late . worker one ... too late . so where 's the body ? Richard turn , pop the trunk , avert he eye , and open it . the worker look in the trunk . then look at Richard . int . lobby - day olive finally make it to the front of the line . miss florida hi ! what 's you name ? olive olive . miss florida what 's you talent , olive ? olive I like dance ! miss florida Dancing ? Dancing be too hard for I ! I be a singer . you must be a good dancer ! olive iam ! I be really good ! 85 . miss florida I bet you be ! well , thanks for stop by , olive . best of luck ! but olive be not quite ready to move on . olive ( cont have ) ummm ... miss Florida ? miss florida you can call I bonnie ! olive bonnie ...? do you eat ice cream ? miss florida ( perplex ) yes ! I love ice cream ! my favorite flavor be chocolate cherry Garcia . although , technically , I think that 's a freeze yogurt . okay ? olive okay , thank you , bonnie ! bye ! miss florida bye ! ( to the next girl ) hi , what 's you name ? sheryl and olive head off . olive she eat ice cream , Mom ! '' sheryl I hear ! ext . parking lot - day Richard sign a invoice . Worker two close the rear door of the van , climb in the driver 's seat and start the engine . Richard hand the clipboard to Worker one . he hand Richard a cardboard box contain a wallet , glass , a keychain , etc . worker one ( cont have ) the personal effect ... richard oh . thank you . worker one you take care . 86 . richard you too . thanks . Worker one get in the van and slam the door . the van pull out , drive to the edge of the parking lot and put on its turn signal . Richard watch . the van pull into the street and drive off , disappear into traffic . Richard be leave alone , hold the box of grandpa 's stuff . int . holiday inn room - day sheryl and olive enter . dwayne be still on the bed face the wall . Frank be slump in a chair , stare at nothing . sheryl Frank ...? how're you guy do ? sheryl silently point at dwayne . Frank shrug . sheryl go and start open luggage . she pull out a bathing suit . sheryl okay , olive . let 's put on you swimsuit . here . you want to change in the bathroom ? olive take the swim-suit and go into the bathroom . sheryl begin gather up olive 's costume . sheryl ( cont / have ) dwayne , I know you hate all of we and want to kill yourself . but since we be here anyway , why do not you guy go to the beach ? frank hey , there 's a idea ! the beach ! come on , we will walk over , go surfing , maybe meet some chick ... whaddaya say ? int . holiday inn bathroom - day olive finish put on she swim-suit . there 's a full - length mirror on the back of the bathroom door . olive turn around and reach for the door knob . she stop . she step back and look at herself in the mirror . she turn sideways . she suck she stomach in . this be the first time she 's ever do this . 87. sheryl ( 0.s. ) Frank , here 's you ticket . that 's you and dwayne . she 's go on last , now , because we be late ... frank ( 0.s. ) we will be there . do not worry . qlive turn back frontal . she let she stomach hang out . she 's not happy with what she see -- also the first time . int . holiday inn room - day sheryl finish gather up olive 's costume . sheryl olive , you ready ? we gotta go ! olive ( 0.s. ) come ! int . holiday inn bathroom - day olive stare at herself in the mirror . she 's make up she mind about something . ( winner or loser ? ) then , very determine , she walk out of the bathroom . int . holiday inn room - day olive come out . sheryl be there . sheryl you ready ? let 's go ! ( to Frank ) Frank , do you best ! they exit . a beat . dwayne sit up . he 's depressed , but no longer catatonic . he look at Frank . dwayne let 's get out of here . int . lobby - day Richard -- hold the box of grandpa 's stuff -- find a bench and sit down . he seem shake . around he , the pre-pageant hubbub be at a fever pitch . he flip through grandpa 's stuff -- key , glass , gum . 88 . he look up and survey the frenetic activity -- mother comb they daughter 's hair , little girl practice ballet move , girl cry , girl laugh and chase each other . then , across the lobby , the elevator door open and sheryl and olive step off carry garment bag and travel case . Richard get up and intercept they . sheryl see he come . . sheryl hey . D 's you take care of ...? richard yeah , I do . wait a sec . olive , come here . time for a pep talk . sheryl Richard , we be late already ...! richard this be important ! olive , come here . she go to he . he hunch down , take she hand , search for word as if the very meaning of he life be at stake . richard ( cont have ) olive ... I know you and grandpa work on this together . I know how much it mean to he . we drive nine hundred mile to get here . we car break down . we have be through a lot . but I think it have all be worth it ... if you win tonight . sheryl Richard ! Jesus ! olive , come on ! she try to pull olive away but Richard hold on to she . richard okay , olive ? okay ? olive stare . she really want to please he . she nod . richard ( cont no ) good girl ! go knock ‘em dead ! sheryl shake she head and pull olive off towards the backstage area . Richard watch they go . int . backstage -— day sheryl and olive wander past one little girl after another -- each be primp to perfection by she Mom or a groomer . 89 . int . dressing room - day sheryl find a tiny empty dress room in back and hang a garment bag of olive 's costume on the door . sheryl okay , we have about one minute . you want to do hair or make -up ? olive think . it 's like the fate of the free world be at stake . finally : olive make-up ...! kirby poke he head in the door . kirby hey . I need you music ! olive go to she bag , dig in , hand he a disc . olive here . kirby this ? do you choose this ? olive my grandpa do . kirby you grandpa ? what track ? olive twelve . oh , one thing ...? she glance at sheryl , then go and whisper in kirby 's ear . kirby smile , kirby okay , you get it . olive thank you , kirby ! kirby I will be look for you . he depart . 90 . int . auditorium - day Richard find he reserve seat -- four seat on the aisle . he sit in the fourth seat and lay he jacket across the other three , save they for sheryl , dwayne , and Frank . the guy next to he be a grizzle biker sit impassively with he arm fold . Richard try to be friendly . richard hey . the biker glance at he and nod . Richard persist . richard ( cont would ) you get a kid in the show ? the biker look at he . he take a earplug out of he ear . biker what ? richard you get a kid in the show ? the biker stare at he . biker first time ? Richard nod -- yeah ! the biker nod ~- figure . he put the earplug back in he ear and resume he impassive stare . Richard be unnerve . the light dim . onstage , a mc step up to a microphone . a drumroll . mc lady and gentleman . welcome to the 14th annual Little miss Sunshine pageant ! let 's welcome the contestant ! music . Big applause . twenty - five little girl parade out on stage in swim-suits . twenty of they be blond -- some bleach . they have be arrange from shortest to tallest . olive -- at least two inch taller than everyone else -- be at the end of the line . the girl parade around in a loop , wave and smile . they end up in a line run across the stage . g 1 . mc ( cont have ) we have twenty five contestant from all over the State of Florida . at the end of the evening , one of this girl will be crown Little miss Sunshine ! Richard , in the audience , clap enthusiastically . the biker clap without enthusiasm . ext . beach - afternoon a glorious , sunny day . the ocean stretch out to infinity . dwayne and Frank , in swim trunk , be ata surfboard rental shop on the beach . the ocean 's dead calm . Frank be hand money to a dude at the shop . dwayne look out at the water . dwayne there 's no wave , Frank . frank we do not need wave . we will just paddie out . int . auditorium - day the mc be up on the stage . another drumroll . mc ... let 's hear a big round of applause for the evening wear ! music . Big applause . the same girl -- in precocious evening - wear -- come out in the same order and do the same little loop around the stage . olive 's on the end again . Richard , in the crowd , applaud -- a little less heartily . ext . on the water - day Frank and dwayne paddle straight out into the ocean . it 's calm , but the shore be a long way away . dwayne look back . dwayne how far be we ? frank I dunno . Quarter mile ? dwayne you wanna stop ? Frank shrug . they stop . Frank look down into the water . 92 . frank hey . think you can touch bottom ? dwayne how far be it ? frank must be ten , twelve foot . come on ! y’ready ? on you mark , get set ... they dive down into the water . ext . underwater - day it 's about fifteen foot to the white sand on the bottom . dwayne swim all the way down to the bottom . Frank swim down more slowly . he finally make it . he comically mime that he 's drown . then he and dwayne come back up . ext . on the water ~ day they resurface . frank Victory ! yes ! they rest on they surfboard , breathe hard . then , without wait , dwayne dive down in the water again . ext . underwater - day - montage Shots of Frank and dwayne swim in the blue water with white sand and shaft of sunlight . it 's beautiful . they do flip , twist , spin . dwayne swim down to the bottom again . he stay , look up at the surface , Frank 's leg , he empty board , the sunlight . then he swim back up to the surface . int . auditorium - day the mc be up on stage . another drumroll . 93 . mc and now ! the moment you have be wait for ! the talent competition ! lady and gentleman , please welcome amber Tiffany harper , who will be sing a tune from the Broadway show , '' Annie . '' amber ...! a little girl walk out -- very stagy -- and begin to sing : amber '' the su n’1l1 come out ...tomorrow ... '' Richard sit in the audience . he 's grow uneasy . ext . on the water - day they sit on they board and look out to sea . frank man , it 's beautiful out here . ( beat ) I do not know if I believe in God , but the ocean -- it 's always here for you : infinitely bigger than you be , and completely indifferent . so ... my version of God . dwayne Frank . ..? ( Frank look over ) what no it feel like when you cut you wrist ? Frank take a breath . frank you know , I wish I could tell you I feel bad . but I do not . I be ... outside the world , y’know ? it be very peaceful . ( beat ) but , I be feel that way now , too , so ... he shrug . dwayne nod . he look out to sea . dwayne sometimes I wish I could just go to sleep until I be eighteen . just skip all this crap -- high school and everything . just skip it ... he shake he head . 94 , frank y’ever hear of marcel proust ? dwayne he 's the guy you teach ? frank yeah . french writer . total loser . never have a real job . unrequite love affair . Gay . spend twenty year write a book almost no one read . but ...he be also probably the great writer since Shakespeare . anyway , he get down to the end of he life , he look back and he decide that all the year he suffer -- that be the best year of he life . because they make he who he be . they force he to think and grow , and to feel very deeply . and the year he be happy ? total waste . do not learn anything . dwayne grin . frank ( cont have ) so , if you sleep till you be eighteen ... ( scoff ) ... think of the suffer you have miss ! High school 's you prime suffer year . you do not get better suffer than that ! unless you go into academia , but that 's a different story . they share a smile . dwayne gaze out to sea . a beat . dwayne you know what ...? ( Frank look over ) fuck beauty contest . it 's like life be one fuck beauty contest after another this day . School , then college , then work . fuck it . fuck the Naval Academy . fuck the macarthur Foundation . if I want to fly , I ' 1ll find a way to fly . you do what you love and fuck the rest . Frank stare at dwayne , impressed . dwayne glance at Frank , who try to play it cool . 95 . frank I be glad you nre talk again , dwayne . you be not nearly as stupid as you look . dwayne smile . Frank look around . frank ( cont have ) so now what do we do ? dwayne you get I , Frank . maybe we can stay out here forever . a beat . they look at each other . dwayne ( cont have ) we should go . they begin paddle back to shore . int . auditorium - day a tiny girl in a cowgirl outfit -- smile like crazy -- tap she way through a tap - dance routine . she 's fantastic . Richard 's smile be fade . he 's really start to worry . ext . boardwalk - day Frank exit a T-shirt shop and throw a shirt dwayne . frank I can not believe we find this . I hope they fit . as they stride up the boardwalk , he strip off he shirt and put on he new T-shirt . in big block letter , it say : '' loser '' dwayne put on he . it 's the same . Frank look at he . frank ( cont no ) you be every mother 's dream , dwayne . come on . they head off . int . auditorium - day another tiny blonde girl sing while flouncing and prancing across the stage , blow kiss and twirling a parasol . she skip around the mc , flirt and bat she eye . 96 . the audience -- charme -- start clap along . as she finish , the audience rise as one in a stand ovation . Richard be the only one to remain seat . his face sink as reality finally hit he -- there 's no way olive will win . he get up and depart . int . lobby - day Frank and dwayne enter and stride towards the door of the auditorium . a pant-suite grandma be sneaking a smoke . frank be it over ? grandma not yet . they open the door and walk into a blast of syrupy sing . the door shut . the door reopen . Frank and dwayne stagger out . they look at each other . dwayne I be go backstage . frank right . see ya . dwayne head off as Frank lean against a wall , recover . int . backstage - day dwayne stride through the backstage , look for sheryl and olive . with he wet Mohawk and loser t-shirt , he stand out . a pageant officer try to stop he . pageant officer Excuse I ? you authorize to be backstage ? dwayne no . he continue walk . everywhere there be little blond girl cry , whining , or lolling about . all the mother be over - dress , over - coiff , and over-stress . it 's depress . he stop , turn to a little princess slouched on a sofa . dwayne ( cont have ) hey . where be the dress room ? 97 . princess be you allow to be here ? dwayne just tell I where the dress room be . princess ( yell off - screen ) Security ! Security !!! help !!! dwayne roll he eye , move on , int . backstage , dressing room - day Richard wander through the backstage . he spot sheryl and olive in a small dress room in the back . he approach . olive be sit in a make - up chair , wear gold hot pants and a red top . it 's a slightly bizarre ensemble , give she girlish plumpness . Richard hesitates . sheryl see he . sheryl hey . what be you do ? richard I come to wish olive good luck . {to olive ) how're you doin 's ? olive ( weak ) good. sheryl ( sotto voce ) nervous . richard you be gonna do great ! I know it ! ( to sheryl ) can I talk to you a sec ? she nod . they wander a few step out of olive 's hearing range . Richard be agitate , troubled . sheryl what 's up ? richard ( hesitates ) I do not want olive to go on . 98 . sheryl ( can not believe it ) be you kid ...?!!! richard we be not in maryland anymore , all right ? she 's out of she league here . sheryl so ...? richard sheryl ...! she 's not gonna win . there 's no fuck way . sheryl it do not matter ...! richard it dee matter ! sheryl it do not matter ! richard it do !!! suddenly , all Richard 's emotion rush to the surface . richard . I do not want she to lose . I know what that feel like . it 's not good . we can not let that happen . she stare at he . it 's the first time he 's admit to any kind of vulnerability or weakness . she take he hand . sheryl Richard ... they look at each other . this be the first honest moment we have see between they . unfortunately , they be interrupt by dwayne , who enter -- a determine look on he face . sheryl see he come . sheryl hey . how're you feel ?! dwayne better . where 's olive ? sheryl in the dress room . what 's up ? 99 , dwayne rr sotto ) io do not want olive do this . sheryl oh , my godeeet richard see ?! dwayne Mom , look around ! this place be fuck ! tf do not want this people judge olive ! fuck they ! richard exactly ! fuck they ! dwayne glance at Richard , unnerve by he agreement . sheryl no , dwayne , it 's too late ... dwayne it 's not too late ! you be the Mom ! you be suppose to protect she ! sheryl stare at he . a clipboard - wield , head - set wear assistant pass by and call out . assistant olive harvey ! two minute . he walk on , they watch he go . dwayne and sheryl face off , dwayne she 's not a beauty queen , Mom ... int . dressing room - night olive stand near the doorway , listen , her face betray nothing . dwayne 's voice be faint but clear . dwayne ( 0.s. ) +. she 's just not . int . backstage -— night sheryl and dwayne stare at each other , sheryl listen to I . ( teary - eye ) olive be who she be . this be what she 's choose to do ... 100 . int . dressing room - night olive turn , walk mechanically back to she chair and sit . sheryl ( 0.s. ) ... she 's work hard , she 's pour herself into it ... int . backstage - night sheryl put a hand on dwayne 's shoulder . sheryl ... we can not take it away from she . we just can not . dwayne close he eye , hang he head . sheryl hug he . sheryl ( cont would ) I know you want to protect she , but ... we gotta let olive be olive . for better or worse ... the clipboard - wield assistant return . assistant olive harvey ? be you the harvey ? they nod and return -- en masse -- to the dress room . olive be seat in she chair , stare dumbly at : the floor . sheryl olive ? time to go . olive do not move . sheryl go to she . sheryl olive ...? honey , be you okay ? olive will not look at she . sheryl glance at Richard . assistant um ... we need to go . sheryl hang on . ( to olive ) honey ...? olive , look at I . ( olive look ) you do not have to do this if you do not want . if you want to sit this one out , that 's fine . we be proud of you anyway , okay ? a beat . the Assistant check he watch . 101 . assistant it 's time . silence . olive stand up . she walk to the Assistant . assistant ( cont have ) okay . let 's go . he take she hand . they stride off . dwayne , sheryl , and Richard stand together and watch -- mutually powerless -- as olive be lead off . tracking backward with olive . she 's get she game face on -- a mask of fear and determination . sheryl call after she . sheryl good luck , honey ! olive keep walk , not look back . int . auditorium lobby - day Frank re-enter . dwayne and sheryl be come the other way . frank be she go on ? dwayne she 's go on . they enter the auditorium together . int . auditorium ~ night yet another little blond girl be onstage , take she bow to polite applause . Richard lead sheryl , dwayne , and Frank to they seat . the mc come on stage . mc very nice . thank you . okay , you have be a patient audience tonight ... in the wing olive stand next to the edge of the curtain watch the mc . mc ( cont have ) ... we have one more contestant and then we will be crown the winner . so please welcome , from the Fort myer district , olive harvey ! 102 . applause . we follow olive out onto the stage . the light be blind . the audience be hide in darkness . there 's a crowd murmur because of she hot -pant get -up . dwayne , Frank , sheryl , and Richard applaud nervously . Richard take sheryl 's hand , squeeze it . they share a look . olive wave over the mc . he walk over to she and hold the mic down for she to speak . she take a breath . olive I would like to dedicate this to my grandpa , who help I do this routine . mc that 's sweet ! be he here ? where 's you grandpa right now ? olive he 's in the trunk of we car . the mc do not know how to react . Mc okay ! well ! take it away , olive ! he retreat . she be alone on stage . some 12 year old boy in the audience decide to be cruel . one of they '' moos '' . boy one moooo ! giggle and shush . another boy chime in . boy two arf ! arf ! arf ! more giggle and shush . miss Florida , at the judge table by the stage , look around sternly . she feel bad for olive . olive be confuse . she do not understand this noise . dwayne hang he head . Frank look around . frank where be that fucker ?! I will kill ‘em ! 103 . then olive find what she 's look for : kirby , in the sound booth . he nod at she . she nod at he . then olive turn around , she back to the audience . kirby turn a volume knob up to '' 6 '' . he hit '' play '' . { the music clearly depend on the rights . for specificity , we will use '' Peach '' by Prince . ] a blast of hard rock 12 bar blue come out of the speaker . everyone be surprised . the music be hard - drive and nasty . it be completely different from the other pageant music we have hear so far . for the first four measure , with Prince say , '' here she come , '' and '' she get they gold hot - pants on again , '' olive barely move , rock she shoulder and hip to the beat . dwayne , Frank , sheryl , and Richard all glance at each other . this be not what they expect . no one know what to make of olive rock , she back turn . however , when the first verse begin , olive turn and stride up the stage -- hand on hip , shoulder swinging -- with a absolute and spectacular physical self - confidence . she rock out , busting crazy move this stage have never see : shake , shimmy , twirl , dip , undulation ~- a melange of miv rump -shakin’ , solid gold dancer re-run , and out -of - leave -field invention of she own . other move be clearly draw from grandpa 's sixty - year career of strip - bar patronage . she dance with a total command -- a exuberant , even witty mastery of she body , the music , the move , everything . most of all , she 's do it for herself -- for she own sense of fun -- and the judge be instantly irrelevant . the audience be stunne . no one move , mouth hang open . sheryl , Frank , and dwayne gape . Richard be baffle . richard what 's she do ? what the hell be she do ?! 104 . when the first verse end , olive punctuate the 12 - bar vamp with a series of violent pelvic thrust . everyone be totally shocked . no one know how to react . sheryl oh , my God ...! abruptly , Frank start laugh in disbelief . he stand and begin cheer olive , pump he fist and groove to the music . Richard stare at Frank . cautiously encourage , he stand and cheer along with Frank -- tentative at first , then more and more unselfconsciously . sheryl and dwayne join in , relieved and amaze . grandpa be right -- she 's blow they out of the water . as the second verse end and the guitar solo begin , olive punctuate the vamp with another series of thrust . this be too much for the contest official from the registration desk , who sit near the stage at the table of contest judge , include miss Florida . she look around and spot sheryl , Richard , Frank , et al , stand and cheer . the official get up , walk up the aisle and yell at sheryl . official what be you daughter do ?! sheryl ~-- take aback -- shrug . Richard lean in . richard she 's kick ass , be what she 's do ! the other smile and nod . the official be incense . she turn and walk back to the sound booth . she yell at kirby . official turn it off ! kirby what ? official turn the music off !!! kirby ( fake deaf ) what ...?! 105 . he smile and crank the music up to '' 8 '' . mother and child in the audience clap they hand over they ear . the audience polarize -- some ( the grizzle biker ; miss Florida ) stand and cheer while other sit dumbfound or frown disapprovingly , shaking they head . still other flee for the exit , head down , hand over they ear . the official , furious , leave kirby and stalk down the aisle to the stage . sheryl watch with grow worry . sheryl ( cont would ) what 's she do ? look ...! she shake Richard , point . the official go to the mc -- at the side of the stage -- wave to he . he bend down , listen . he nod . the mc walk onstage and try to stop olive from dance , grab she arm . olive do not know what he 's do , but she will not let he break she routine . she wiggle away and keep dance . Richard -- outrage -- race to the front of the auditorium , leap on the stage , jump on the mc 's back and ride he -- piggy - back -- into the wing . they crash to the ground . olive stop dance , turn and look at Richard . Richard , grapple with the mc , wave she on . richard keep dance , honey ! just dance ! olive turn and stare at the audience . dwayne , Frank and sheryl be gesture -- '' keep go ! '' olive -- hearing the music , see sheryl , Frank , and dwayne cheer she -- start to dance again , fluid and relaxed . Richard disentangle himself from the piss - off mc as stagehand step in and pull they apart . Richard shrug off they restrain hand , then turn to watch olive dance . the Contest official step forward and angrily confront he . official get you daughter off stage now ! Richard -- take aback -- hesitates . she press he . 106 . official ( cont would ) if you do not stop she , she will be disqualified ! Richard stare at she . then he nod . richard okay . he turn and walk out on stage . olive , see he , be confuse . he step up behind she . then Richard start dance . they dance together : olive in front , Richard back she up . Richard look at the official with a defiant , fuck - you smile . sheryl , Frank and dwayne , watch , can not believe it . dwayne Holy shit ...! frank ( to sheryl ) you marry that guy ? sheryl shake she head -- she can not believe it either . Frank run down the aisle , jump on stage , and dance next to Richard -- a surprisingly competent set of butt -wagging , party - music move . dwayne follow Frank up on stage . sheryl pause a moment and watch she family . Richard wave to sheryl to join they . a beat . then sheryl walk , then run , and jump up on stage . Richard help she up , and they dance together . kirby crank it to '' 10 '' . music be overpower everything . as the song wind up , sheryl line up next to olive for a unify series of thrust . as the final cymbal crash , olive pull up she shirt to reveal '' Peach '' be write on she tummy with magic marker . audience member respond with a stand ovation . Frank and dwayne strut around with they arm in the air , like victorious professional wrestler . 107 . Richard pick up olive , swing she in the air . sheryl walk over and hug Richard and olive . fade to black and silence int . office - night Richard , sheryl , olive , Frank , and dwayne sit -- daze -- in a drab office . they be all handcuff together , except olive . nothing 's happen . flourescent light hum . Frank and dwayne be still wear they '' loser '' t-shirt . box of pageant material -- trophy , sashes , tiaras -- be stack around they . sheryl quietly eye Richard , slouched next to she , and smile to herself . her eye drift to a nearby carton of tiaras . a door open . they all look over . a cop appear , start take off they handcuffs . cop okay . you be out . richard we nre free ? cop they be drop charge . on the condition that you do not enter you child in a beauty contest in the State of Florida ever again . frank ( hesitates ) I think we can live with that . int . holiday inn lobby ~- night Richard , sheryl , olive , Frank , and dwayne step into the lobby . it 's desert . decoration and banner litter the floor . they wander out , daze , rub they wrist . sheryl approach Richard , take a tiara from behind she back , place it on he head . Richard accept it wryly . richard great . thank you very much . 108 . she smile . Richard turn to olive with the tiara . richard here . I think this be for you . olive dad ...! she struggle to articulate something . finally , she shrug . olive ( cont no ) I just like dance .:.! richard well , you be great . frank you be beyond great . dwayne you be incredible . olive ( shy ) thank you . they all smile at she . then Richard look around . richard let 's get the fuck out .of here ...! CUT to black sound of car on a distant highway . richard ( v.o. ) .. s0 it 's two in the morning ... ext . rest stop - day everyone be seat at a picnic table at a road-side rest stop . Cars whizz by on a highway in the far background . they have finish eat -~ a empty bucket of kfc and bottle of diet sprite litter the table . Richard be tell a story . everyone be relaxed -- smile and listen . richard +.. he 's down on he knee in this dumpster behind the racetrack ... and it start to rain . ( laughter ) it 's wet ... it 's hot ... ( more ) luy . richard ( cont would ) he 's crawl around in this garbage , cursing like a pirate -- look for this ticket that I throw away -- and all of a sudden he go , '' Richard , do not drop the light ! '' and I go , '' do not what ? '' ( mime hold light ) and he go , '' Drop the fuck light !!! " so I go ... ( mime drop light ) right in the water ! he 's like ... ( mime electric shock ) ahhhaahhhaahhhaahhhhhh ! ! ! ( appal laughter ) I run back , unplug the light , run to the dumpster ~- he 's lie there , rain be pour down ... and he 's get the ticket ! this twelve hundred dollar trifecta ticket ! and I be like , '' dad ! dad , be you okay ? '' and he look at I and all he say be : '' Richard ... do not ever have child . '' everyone burst out laugh . richard ( cont have ) to I , he say that ! to I ! the mirth taper off . they glance at each other . Frank hold up he bottle of diet sprite . frank here 's to grandpa . everyone here 's to grandpa . they clink and drink . Richard nod to a snack shack nearby . richard so ... who want some ice-cream ? cuT to black the end