little athens written by Jeff Zuber &amp ; Tom Zuber draft : 3/17/04 fade in : int . jerry's house , jerry's bedroom -- morning the room be dark and messy . jerry , a soft , unshaven boy of about eighteen year , sit on the end of he bed in boxer and a old t- shirt . he have not quite wake up yet . Jerry pull a huge , well - travel suitcase from he closet and toss it onto the bed . he begin grab article of clothing from the closet and toss they into the suitcase . int . jerry's house , kitchen -- moment later Jerry be in he kitchen , which be no brighter than he bedroom , and not much cleaner . Jerry take another bite of he peanut butter and jelly sandwich . he chew mechanically , wash it down with a can of soda . his lazy mind be somewhere else . int . jerry's house , bathroom -- moment later Jerry gargle with a generic brand of mouthwash and spit into the sink . he catch a glimpse of himself in the medicine cabinet mirror - he be not very attractive . he grab he toothbrush and razor , and exit the bathroom . int . jerry's house , jerry's bedroom -- moment later the room have be stripped except for the bed minus its bedsheet , a naked pillow , a beat - up dresser with a small tv on top of it , a old pogo stick propped against the wall near the garbage can at the foot of the bed , and a few poster and scrap of trash . Jerry toss he toothbrush and razor into he suitcase next to a video game console and several video game , on top of which lie grand theft auto III . he have pitifully few belonging . he shut the suitcase . int . jerry's house , live room -- moment later the live room be also a mess - the place be either a pig sty or a house full of bachelor . Jerry , now in sweatpant and sneaker , but still wear the same t-shirt that he sleep in , carry he suitcase through the foyer to the front door . he about - face to look at the interior of he home . he will not miss it . he turn to open the screen door - it 's stick . he fiddle with handle until the screen door open . he exit , let the screen door slam shut behind he . title card : Little athen 2 ext . rescue squad -- morning the old building be badly in need of a fresh paint job . a fade sign read " athens rescue squad " stand in front . heather ( o.s. ) you hear about you ex ? allison ( o.s. ) Jerry ? int . rescue squad , kitchen -- continuous the kitchen be empty except for heather and allison , both about nineteen and dress in ems uniform with " ems " stitched conspicuously on the back , seat on opposite side of a wooden table . Heather be dark -haire , about 5 '9 " and build like a lingerie model . allison have blond hair , be several inch short than Heather , and although not overweight , she have a softer build than Heather . Heather have take - out pancakes and sausages in front of she , and she be put it away like she be prepare for famine . allison have a bagel and a peach , which remain hardly touch - she have a lot on she mind . heather yeah , asshole Jerry . he 's move to middletown . he leave this morning . allison no way . how do you know ? heather Carter say . he get some job at some company , give he uncle hand - job . have put away the last of she food , Heather light a cigarette and stand near the open window , careful to blow the smoke out the window . allison do not sound so bad . heather I get we ticket to see Adam tomorrow . allison I do not want to go to a baseball game . you be go with derek anyway . heather ally , I do not want to go either , but derek tell Adam he would go , and I be not go by myself . 3 allison I think Adam be hurt . heather I wish . Heather take a drag of she cigarette and exhales out the window . ext . jimmy apartment -- morning brad , in jeans with he t-shirt throw over he shoulder , be stand in front of the door , wait . megan , in short , a t-shirt and a baseball cap , and amy , in a sunskirt , look on . all in they late teens , they be unmade and wear - out , as if they have not sleep last night . Brad ring the doorbell twice and wait some more . Brad walk over to the window a few foot over from the door , try to peer through the shade . megan pass the time by pull Jimmy 's mail out of the mailbox that hang next to the door . brad ( bang on the window pane ) hey ! Jimmy ! the door open and jimmy answer , in he very late teens , about 5 ' 4 " and thin , dress in boxer , a t-shirt and bedroom slipper . Jimmy 's tired , but Brad 's a friendly face . brad ( cont 'd ) finally ! jimmy Office hour be nine to five . megan you have a lot of credit card bill in there , Jimmy . jimmy ( hold he hand out for the mail ) I know . megan hand Jimmy the mail . megan you be not mad that we be stop by like this ? jimmy it 's no big deal , but let 's hurry up . I gotta go to work . 4 megan ( explain to Amy ) Jimmy 's get like , six job . Jimmy stand aside , allow megan and Amy into he apartment . megan and Amy step inside , but Brad hold back . he need to talk to Jimmy , and the girl do not need to hear . brad hey Jimmy , hold up a sec . look , not for nothin ' , but you know buggerin ' Bobby bale be askin ' about you ? jimmy askin ' ? like how ? brad like how you owe he money on the Dallas fiasco , that chokin ' motherfucker , and you have not be returnin ' he call . jimmy how you hear this ? brad yesterday . I be puttin ' a twenty - timer on Indiana for tonight , and he up and out - of - the-blue ask about you . Jimmy , man . goddam . jimmy ( unconvincing ) it be not nothin' . he 's just makin ' conversation . brad it be not nothin ' ? that faggot juicehead 's gonna make a playground outta you asshole like he 's back in the joint , and it be not nothin ' ? and you hear all the storey I hear , about that horse - cock , and how he can not stop shootin ' he mouth off about it too , like when he whipped it out at tomlinson 's party ... jimmy alright Brad ! Christ Jesus , I owe a little , shit , but I will pay . believe I , that guy want he juice , he e , he come to I . it 's fine . brad put some cash on indy tonight , Jimmy . 5 jimmy yeah . alright , come inside and let 's do this thing . I get work . Brad step past Jimmy into the apartment , and Jimmy shut the door after they . ext . pool -- morning the slender white board extend majestically over the glisten blue water . pedro , a unshower , pot-belly Hispanic , about twenty - three year of age and wear cut - off jean short , be stand at the end of the board , look down at the water below as if expect a invitation . corey , a late teenager cover with tattoo , with twig for arm and leg , lie against the hard concrete while insert the pool vacuum hose into one of the many pool skimmer drain . pedro begin to bounce on the board - up , down , up , down . pedro launch forth as if the water call out to he and , but for he want of grace , the entry would be poetic . instead , pedro 's dive be as clumsy as it be painful . corey Nice . pedro fuck you , conjo . this be my shower . corey maybe back in Mexico that 's a shower , in athen that 's just dirty . pedro clean the pool , conjo , clean the pool . corey at least I be pay to be here . pedro smile as he paddle away from Corey , start to enjoy he morning swim . a payphone hang on the pool house start ringing . Corey drop the vacuum and run toward the payphone . in the background a number of enormous sand filter groan loudly . corey ( cont 'd ) wynwood Pool House , Corey speak . emily , the voice on the other end , be hushed and uncertain . emily's voice it 's I . corey Emily ? emily's voice some other girl would be call you ? 6 corey how would you get this number ? emily's voice do not you work there ? corey what do you want ? emily's voice I need you to come pick I up . corey be you kid ? where be you ? emily's voice at home . corey what for ? emily's voice just because . I need to stay with you for a couple day . corey Emily , we place be tiny , we get no water . we phone just get shut off , too . you would be miserable like we . what for anyway ? emily's voice it 's no big deal . just come pick I up . corey Fine , forget it then . emily's voice Corey , come on ! how many time have I call you since you leave ? I would not ask , except I do not have anywhere to go . please . corey Fine . alright , fine . if you wanna stay in we little dump , fine . emily's voice Fine . thanks , then . int . jessica's apartment -- morning jessica , about eighteen , wire - thin and plain , yet attractive in a unkept sort of way , with dirty - blond hair past she shoulder , lie on a couch sleep . her chokingly small live room be in a 7 devastating state of disarray , with clothes and empty food container flung in every direction . a alarm on a table next to the couch begin blaring , and jessica stretch out she arm to silence it . int . jessica's apartment , bathroom -- moment later jessica be stand in front of the mirror stare at herself , still half asleep . the bathroom be tiny like the live room - pathetic rather than endear . she put toothpaste on she toothbrush . int . jessica's apartment , live room -- continuous jina , jessica 's mother , open the front door and enter the live room wear a grocery checkout clerk 's uniform . jina drop she old , wear out purse onto the coffee table and enter the hallway . she open the bathroom door and enter . int . jessica's apartment , bathroom -- continuous jessica be brush she tooth when jina enter . jina be not you suppose to be watch Katie right now ? jina reach around jessica and open the medicine cabinet , grab a bottle of aspirin , and shut it . jessica continue brush as if she mother be not there . jina ( cont 'd ) do you get my message ? jessica shake she head in the negative sense . jina exit the bathroom and jessica follow , still brush she tooth . int . jessica's apartment , live room -- continuous jessica walk over to the answering machine and hit a button . the answer Machine click on as jessica brushes unenthusiastically . answering machine ( electronic voice ) you have one new message . ( jina 's voice ) hi jess , it 's you mother , call to say happy birthday , since you will be go when I get home . I be drive you sister to school and I be leave the car for she , so I will be take the train back . jessica start up as if she would be strike . she spin around to a open window near the couch , lean out , and spit out the toothpaste 8 to the concrete sidewalk below . her mother 's voice continue to pour forth from the answer Machine . answering machine ( cont 'd ) by the way , you should call you sister and stop this not-talk nonsense . jessica finish spitting the sud from she mouth and spin back towards the answer Machine . answering machine ( cont 'd ) anyway , I know how you hate long message , so I will see you tomorrow ... suddenly wide awake , jessica turn to she mother . jessica that 's fuck bullshit . jina here we go again . jessica what about my car ?! jina jessica , you sister get into beauty school , and she 's go . now I have get about two hour sleep before I have to drive she all the way the hell up there . jessica yeah , I hear that . jina jess , you be still live here for free . jessica on the couch ! jina jessica , it 's still my car , and she need it . can not you be happy for you sister ? jessica oh yeah , I be real happy . she get my car , and I get shit . thanks , jina . do I a favor and tell she how fuck happy I be for she . jina if you be go to be like this , I be just go to bed . 9 jessica storm back into the bathroom and rinse she mouth out with water . jessica return to the live room wear a t-shirt that read " athen youth Group " in large letter along the front . jina be go . jessica run she hand through she hair , toss it haphazardly . she grab a pair of large sunglass off of the coffee table and place they over she eye . she open the door and exit the apartment . ext . ron' gym -- morning Jimmy 's piece-of -shit hatchback be park in front of the small bare - bone gym . int . ron be gym , locker room -- continuous Jimmy now dress in wear - out heavily - fray khaki short and a short - sleeve button down shirt with a " ron 's gym " emblem on the pocket , stand before he locker twist the combination lock with one hand while rotate steel chinese stress ball with he other hand . he open the locker and pull out a large brown lunch bag propped prominently at the base . ron ( o.s. ) hey Jimmy . you fix the lat machine ? ron , the tall , well - build , forty - something owner of the gym , approach . Jimmy turn toward ron . the row of locker serve as a backdrop . jimmy yeah . ron Jimmy , I be just gonna say this , alright ? I gotta let you go . I can not afford two employee . jimmy so you be keep melinda ? ron yeah . jimmy ron , that be totally fuck ! I be here way longer than she ! ron yeah , but I be run a business . there be guy who pay I due just ' cause she work here . 10 jimmy but she do not do anything ! she just sit at the front desk all day . ron I know that . jimmy tell she to fix the fuck lat machine , she will look at you cross -ey . ron I can not afford two employee , and she attract business . that 's it . jimmy Fucking great . thanks . ron Jimmy , do not take it personal . if you be build like she I would keep you . ron exit and Jimmy sit on the bench in front of he locker , defeat . buggerin ' bobby bale , a.k.a . Bobby the bookie , a enormous juicehead build like a old - school NFL linebacker , naked except for a towel around he neck , have just take a shower , be lean against the end of a row of locker , wait for he chance at Jimmy . Jimmy would rather that ron stay . ron ( cont 'd ) bale . Bobby nod in response as ron pass by on he way out . with the locker room empty , Bobby unconsciously change demeanor . he 's tender , frighteningly tender , it 's so entirely genuine . Jimmy would prefer a beat - simple and final . Jimmy pull he backpack out of he locker and begin clear he STUFF . bobby so where you be ? jimmy what be you talkin ' about ? nowhere . I be work . bobby so you just do not return my phone call . jimmy look , they lose , I owe you some more , so what ? I will pay you . I want to put it on indy tonight . 11 bobby I can not take any more of you bet . I look like a spineless fuck fag . Bobby shut Jimmy 's locker and step up to Jimmy so that Jimmy be now face to face with Bobby 's enormous organ - a terrifying sight for mortal man and reputable woman . Jimmy be strike silent , savagely clenching he chinese stress ball as he struggle for think . bobby ( cont 'd ) what the hell be I suppose to do with you Jimmy ? people be talkin ' . jimmy I know they be talkin ' ! bobby you do not know a fuckin ' thing . come by my apartment tonight , we will figure this out . jimmy I be not like that . bobby ai not like what ? jimmy nothin ' . bobby you do not know what I know . you will see . jimmy I be work tonight . bobby Jimmy , I be not about beggin' . I be lookin ' like a fool all on account 'a you . you owe I . you owe I . I be gettin ' sick of it . Bobby move on to he own locker . ext . pool -- continuous wide across the width of the pool . corey , wet , with goggle on he head , hold a wrench and screw driver , and bystander # 1 , stand over a young twenty - ish female victim who lie pass out on the cement . a young female lifeguard be kneel beside the victim , check she pulse and breathe . the two swimmer leave in the pool be climb out . pete , a no - nonsense grounds - keeper in he late thirty , wear cut - off short , a fade t-shirt and a tool belt , approach to have a word with Corey . 12 pete be she alright ? corey she faint . lifeguard alright , I be call 911 . everybody stay out of the pool . the lifeguard stand and run off toward the payphone . pete alright , well , quit horsing around . the blandino 's have a break - in . there 's glass all over the patio . corey that 's Jerry 's unit . pete Jerry move to middletown . corey he quit ? pete he leave a message . you gotta take care of all he stuff now , too . corey aw , come on , Pete ! I need off tomorrow ! I tell you I get community service ! pete so you be gonna have to get everything do today then . get go . Corey tear the goggle off he head , throw they into the pool , and about - face toward the pool-house . as Corey leave , a red-headed idiot do a sloppy can-opener off the side of the pool . lifeguard ( o.s. ) keith , I tell you to clear the pool ! ext . empty park -- morning though the park be in a poor neighborhood , it be relatively clean . the park be quiet and unused this morning except for two young girl make they way across it . prominent in the background sit a old run-down yellow car that jessica drive to the park . 13 jessica be carry katie , a plain , tiny seven - year - old girl , in piggy - back fashion , with Katie 's leg dangle out in front of jessica . Katie hold jessica tight around the collarbone . katie do not carlos want he car back ? jessica he 's let I borrow it . katie well then why be you late if you have he car ? jessica I sleep late . katie be you drink last night ? jessica no . but thanks for ask . katie be you do drug ? jessica Katie , I tell you , drug be for loser . katie and you be not a loser . jessica and neither be you . katie but it 's okay to drink . jessica when you be older it will be okay . katie how old be you ? jessica Old enough . katie but you be not twenty - one yet . the law say you have to be twenty - one . jessica Katie , can you not ask so many question today ? I have get too much to think about . 14 katie Cause it 's you birthday ? jessica yes . katie happy birthday ! jessica thank you . jessica begin walk faster , soon break into a crippled run , the weight of Katie bear down on she . they reach they destination - a rickety old merry - go-round . jessica turn she back to the merry - go-round , allow Katie to step onto it . jessica ( cont 'd ) hold on tight or you will get hurt . katie I will . Katie grab a handle as jessica begin to spin the machine . Katie sail around happily as jessica step back to watch , Katie 's youthful enthusiasm lulling jessica into a nostalgic gloom . int . ambulance -- morning heather be drive the ambulance , siren blaring , a cigarette hang out of she mouth , with allison riding shotgun . harry , mild - mannered , rotund , middle - age and slightly bald , be in the back sit on a bench extend from the side of the ambulance , adjacent to a stretcher . Harry sit expressionless , adjust he spectacle as the ambulance shake mildly from the drive . allison ( point ) turn leave at the light . ext . road -- continuous wide on the ambulance tear through town , light flash . Heather be drive extremely fast in this emergency situation , recklessly pass both move vehicle as well as stationary vehicle that have stop to let the ambulance pass , on she way to run through a red light . in the rear of the ambulance , Harry whip back and forth on the bench , yet remain calm , as if unaware of Heather 's reckless drive . ext . pool , parking lot -- continuous within the parking lot , the ambulance come to a screeching halt in front of a large picket fence encircle the pool . at the gate stand the lifeguard . 15 all three climb out of the ambulance . Harry rush toward the lifeguard . Heather take a final puff of she cigarette and flick it aside before continue in the same direction as Harry . allison lag behind , pull a backboard and a large first aid kit out of the ambulance . lifeguard she 's in here . they enter the gate . ext . pool -- continuous Heather and Harry follow the lifeguard into the pool area , where several bystander have gather around the victim , bystander # 1 and pete among they . Heather get to the victim first , but stop short - she recognize the victim . Harry brushes past Heather . harry ( to bystander ) can you give we some room , please ? the crowd back up a bit , and Harry check for vital . harry ( cont 'd ) ( look up to Heather ) she 's breathe . Harry look the victim over a bit . harry ( cont 'd ) ( to lifeguard ) what happen ? lifeguard I be not sure . she just pass out , right where you see she . harry do you see she eat anything ? lifeguard uh-uh . Heather turn and walk back toward allison come through the gate carry the backboard and first Aid kit - she want a word with allison . they talk in hushed tone . heather I know she . allison yeah ? how ? 16 allison hand Heather the first Aid kit as they move back toward Harry . heather when I be dating Steve , that slut fuck he . allison how do you know ? heather she start dating Steve right after we break up . I mean right after . I ask he if there be another girl , and he never answer . he could not answer , because he be fuck that slut . allison that do not mean they fuck . Heather give allison a disapprove look , as if to say " do not be stupid , stupid . " as Heather and allison approach the victim , Harry look up . harry alright , she be not comin ' around . allison lay the backboard adjacent to the victim , and the three place she on the backboard . Heather be a bit rough . harry ( cont 'd ) ( instinctively ) whoa , easy . heather ( without look up ) I know what I be do . Harry give a concerned look to allison , who return the look , but the two say nothing . they place the victim into the back of the ambulance as Heather look on . ext . road -- moment later the ambulance be move along a near-empty single - lane road at a patient pace , with two car tailgate behind it . int . ambulance -- continuous allison and Harry be in the back with the victim , and Heather be again behind the wheel , move she head ever so slightly , as if to music play in she head . Heather 's moderate drive speed be in sharp contrast to the speed with which she respond to the scene . at the same red light that Heather recklessly run earlier , Heather 17 stop and look in all direction before proceeding , even though there be no car at the intersection . harry uh , Heather , you want to step on it ? heather we will get there . allison you do not even know for sure if she sleep with Steve ! Heather turn around in the driver seat , take she eye off the road . heather listen , fuck that slut , okay ?! she can fuck rot in hell ! I be not rush for she slut ass ! allison ( plead ) Heather , c'mon , she 's out cold ! we gotta hurry ! heather I - do n't-fuck - care !! that slut can kiss my ass ! ( to victim ) you hear I , you fuck bitch ?! as Heather spin forward to look at the road , the ambulance jump as it hit a pothole . ext . corey and pedro' house -- morning the tow truck have just pull up into the driveway . pedro climb out and make he way up the sidewalk to he front door , carry a gallon of milk . Emily climb out and trail behind he , carry she laundry bag and purse . the house be very small , with a front yard that be not much bigger than the sidewalk , and neighbor house not much more than a body length apart from each other . pedro notice a eviction notice on the front door , and that a brand - new lock have be place on the otherwise run-down door . he try unsuccessfully to open the door . he walk over and look through the front window into he kitchen and see he dog . pedro tap on the window . the Dog look up at pedro , wag its tail . pedro try to open the window , but it 's lock . pedro walk around to the side of the house . Emily throw she Laundry bag over she shoulder and follow he , frustrated with the wait . he look in the window on the pantry door . he back up and 18 look toward Emily , blank . he look back up at the house , frustrated . he about -face , step over to the side of the neighbor house , unzip he pants , look both way to make sure the neighbor be not around , and start pissing . Emily shake she head and head back toward the truck , turn off by the whole situation . ext . pizza shop -- morning Jimmy park he piece-of -shit in front of a mom-and - pop pizza shop and exit . a sign that read " poppy 's pizzeria " hang above the pizza shop . he enter . int . pizza shop -- continuous Jimmy walk past a few table where patron be eat . pizza pop , a sixty -ish pot-belly man stand behind the counter make a pizza , see he . pizza pop ( heavy italian accent ) hey -a , Jimmy , you do not hafta be here ' till 2:00 ! what 's up , eh ? you hungry ? jimmy Nah . I be gonna start early , if that 's alright . I could use the cash . pizza pop still pay offa that credit card , eh Jimmy ? I tell you they thing be -a trouble . ( call into the back ) sweetheart ! do not a worry about that ! Jimmy 's a here and he 's a gonna take care of it ! in a arched entranceway to the back room we see pizza mom back into view hold several pizza box in insulate carrying bag . pizza mom ( smile ) hey -a Jimmy ! int . carlo ' car -- morning jessica be drive the old run-down yellow car we see earlier in the parking lot of the park , the window down and the radio blast . her cell phone ring and she pick it up . jessica hello ? carlo ( o.s. ) where the hell be you ? 19 jessica carlos ? ext . convenience store -- continuous carlo , a skinny Hispanic teenager , be walk out of the convenience store with a tray of nachos , talk on a cell phone . we cut back and forth between jessica and carlos . carlo why be not you answer you phone ?! you be suppose to bring my car back last night ! jessica's voice yeah . sorry . carlo you bring it or what ? I need it for work ! jessica's voice not ' till this afternoon . carlo what the hell , jess ?! you say I would have it last night ! jessica's voice alright , relax , I will bring it . carlo dammit ! where be you ? jessica's voice I be get on the Parkway . the old run-down yellow car pass carlos and continue down the street . carlos be dumbfounded . carlo what the hell ?! carlos run into the street and stand stare down the road at he car speed away from he . jessica's voice what 's the matter ? carlo jess , you just pass I ! in my car ! carlos continue to look as he car make a right turn and disappear from view . 20 carlo ( cont 'd ) jess , this be bullshit ! bring back my car ! a horn honk , and carlos step toward the side of the road as a station wagon pass right by he . he continue to stand in the street , although to the side . carlo ( cont 'd ) jess , I know you be come back here . I know you be not leave I stand here . carlos wait impatiently . jessica pull up in the car and come to a stop alongside he - she have go around the block to pick he up . he get in the passenger - side door . jessica sorry . the car pull away . int . carlo ' car -- continuous carlos have a look of disgust on he face . jessica I would have bring the car back , but I need it . carlo so you ask . jessica I say I be sorry . carlo yeah right . and why the hell be you still drive ? jessica Fine . the car stop , carlos and jessica climb out of the car and pass in back of it without a word . carlos climb into the driver seat , and jessica the passenger seat . jessica grab carlos 's nachos and start munch they down , dip each one into the cheese sauce that be on the side . carlo where 's the squirt ? jessica at my place watch tv . 21 carlo you leave she alone ? jessica just for a minute . I leave my novel at aaron' . carlo you need it now ? be not you suppose to be watch she ? jessica yeah , I be stick with she all weekend . I be just gonna get through this last few week like I promise , and I be do , I do a good thing , and some other moron can take a turn be she big sister . carlo do not know why you want another sister when you hate the one you get . jessica need to change the subject . jessica what be you up to ? carlo guess who stop by . jessica who ? carlo guess . jessica Mary Lynn . carlo yes . gigantic beast of a woman that she be . jessica be obviously delight in this . she enjoy carlos fight off the affection of this very unattractive girl . jessica aw carlos , I think you should give she a shot . she 's probably one of that personality girl . carlo yeah , what you know about personality ? 22 jessica I bet she will give it up right away . carlo now that 's something you know about . jessica you should go for it . drain they pipe . carlo fuck you , fuck you , fuck you . carlos reach down and blast the radio as the car speed down the road . ext . pizza shop -- morning Jimmy be carry several full insulate pizza carrying bag , with several brown lunch bag full of food on top . although the pile look unwieldy , Jimmy have no trouble with it . he place the pile on the roof of he piece -of - shit , open the passenger door , and place the pile on the passenger seat . he close the door , and pull a delivery list out of he pocket to examine while walk around to the driver 's side . Jimmy get into the driver 's seat and pull out he cell phone . jimmy ( into he cell phone ) hey , car , it 's I . I get a delivery in the area so I be stop by a little early . see you in a little while . Jimmy hang up , start he piece -of - shit , and pull out of the parking lot . ext . county road -- morning a police car be sit off the road , position to surprise unsuspecting speeder . the lone occupant , derek , twenty , about 6 ' tall with athletic build , in he police - officer uniform , be read the sport section of a newspaper . int . derek' police car -- continuous ots on derek as he turn the page and continue read the sport section . a young preppy high school punk speed by in a corvette - the radar gun read 93 m.p.h . as he pass , the punk look straight at derek , mouth open , clearly surprised by derek 's presence . derek pick up he head and return the stare of the surprised punk as he pass . 23 derek whoa. ( return to the Sports section ) slow down , there , buddy . derek 's cell phone ring . he reach down , fumble around , and bring it to he ear . derek ( cont 'd ) yeah ? ext . rescue squad -- continuous allison be seat on a small wooden bench in the yard in front of the rescue squad . heather be pace back and forth in front of she , cell phone to she ear . both be smoking cigarettes . Heather be still heat from see Steve 's girl , and allison be uncomfortable be around Heather , who may lash out at anything . we cut back and forth between derek and Heather . heather be you see anybody else ? derek hello ? heather ( louder ) hello ?! be you see anybody else ?! derek no . heather you be not cheating on I ? derek no . heather be honest . derek you be startin ' to annoy I . heather you be fuck annoying I ! derek ( dismissive ) Fine . heather do not you hang up ! 24 derek then calm down . you tell I to tell you when you be in one of you mood ? well guess what ? derek hear a click , hang up , put he cell phone down and go back to read the Sports section . heather see ? that asshole 's cheating . allison just because he will not move in with you do not mean he 's cheating . heather ally , he 's a cheater . that 's what he do - he cheat . now it 's my turn just like all the other . Heather grab she purse off the bench , replace she cell phone , and pull out she keys . heather ( cont 'd ) let 's go . allison where ? allison get up and follow Heather toward the parking lot . ext . aaron's house -- morning carlo have park in front of a old house , which be in a high state of disrepair . jessica get out of the car with carlos ' nachos . jessica you come in ? carlo no , but tell asshole I say hello . jessica see ya . jessica shut the door . as she walk away , carlos can not take he eye off of she - he be obsessed . jessica walk up the step and bang on the screen door . pitt , African - american , medium build , in he late teens , with thick - frame glass , walk up behind the screen door and hold it open for jessica to walk in . 25 jessica ( cont 'd ) Aaron here ? pitt no , he go to yer place lookin ' fer you . int . aaron's house -- continuous jessica walk in . Pitt let 's the door slam shut . jessica shit . I leave my novel here . pitt you get no idea why he 's lookin ' for you , do you ? jessica what be you talkin ' about ? pitt you be fuckin ' around . jessica no I have not . pitt well , someone do somethin' , cause Aaron catch something ' a ' he be not happy about it . jessica he catch something ' ? what the hell do he catch ? pitt would not say . just say that he be not be with anyone , so it musta be you . jessica shit . pitt you humped someone , do not you ? jessica I do not do shit . pitt well it musta be the immaculate infection , ' cuz he get somethin' . he 's lookin ' fer you . 26 jessica throw the nachos on the coffee table and sit on the couch , head in she hand , on the verge of tear . jessica shit , shit ... pitt yeah , you do it . jessica fuck you , Pitt . int . pool , men' bathroom -- morning corey be mopping the floor . he glance up as pedro step over to he . Corey and pedro talk and argue like two kid on a playground . pedro hey , mehn . corey what be you do back ? pedro I get you sister . ( form breast with he hand ) she get big . corey that 's my little sister . pedro she 's hot , mehn . esta buenisima . corey just take she back to we place ! pedro I can not because we get no place . we get throw out . corey he throw we out ?! pedro Si ! and all we shit 's still in there ! and pancho , too ! corey that 's illegal , be not it ?! he can not just lock we out ! 27 pedro Si , he suck cock . I mean , I gotta go find a job , I smell like shit , I be fuck ! corey maybe you should talk to you boss . like , ask he to take you back . pedro no , fuck he , mehn ! just gimme Mr. cocksucker 's address . corey what for ? pedro I take care of this . corey do not do anything that will get we into trouble . pedro do you think I be stupid , mehn ? do not worry about this . I talk to he . but first I take care of business . pedro bang on a stall door , with no response . pedro push the door to the stall open . pedro ( cont 'd ) okay , mehn . good . voy a cagar . pedro disappear behind the door of the stall . Corey lean he mop against the wall and exit . ext . car' house -- day jimmy pull he piece-of -shit into the driveway of what appear to be a one -story house , next to a range rover . he climb out with the strap of he backpack hang over one shoulder and walk around the house to the back yard . the yard slope significantly from the front yard to the back yard , and the view of the back of the house reveal two storey . as Jimmy turn the corner , he spot a black cat walk up to he . he grab the cat . int . car' house -- continuous wide on Jimmy hold the cat behind a set of slide glass door , one door partially open . he enter and shut the door behind he . Music be play through stereo speaker , and a black - and - white movie be play on the tv with the sound shut off . car , a asian - american late-twenty - something , be sit back on the couch face 28 the tv . magazine , junk food , remote control and a cordless phone be spread out on the coffee table . if car notice Jimmy enter the room , he show no sign of it . jimmy saw you cat outside . Jimmy toss the cat on the floor , and it scurries off to another part of the house . Jimmy sit in a recliner beside the couch , glad to take a load off . Jimmy take a peak at the tv . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I gotta get back to work . I get more pie in the car . no response . the cordless phone start ringing . car remain perfectly still . jimmy ( cont 'd ) car ? no response . the cordless phone continue to ring . Jimmy lean over from he chair and wave a hand in front of car. nothing . Jimmy jump up from he recliner . he stare at car . he step over , take two finger and check car 's pulse . he stand back , unsure of what to do . hesitant , Jimmy walk over to a closet , open the door , and slide a gym bag out into the room . he open the gym bag and pull out a large bag of marijuana and a few jar of k . he throw they into he backpack , zip up the gym bag , and put it back into the closet . Jimmy exit through the slide glass door . ext . car' house -- continuous Jimmy shut the door behind he . he stop in he track just outside the door , thought run through he mind . int . car' house -- continuous wide on Jimmy through the door as he about face and stare into the house . he slide the door open and re-enter . he pick up the gym bag and carry it to the front of the couch . he set down gym bag and drop to he knee , all while notice that car appear to be stare at he . he unload the remain content of the gym bag into he backpack , include a few bag of pill , a few more jar of k , and two large bag of white powder . he throw one strap of he backpack over he shoulder and stand in front of car . Jimmy stare at car . 29 ext . car' house -- continuous wide on Jimmy as he throw he backpack into he trunk , climb into he piece -of - shit , and sit , reflect . int . jimmy car -- later Jimmy be drive through semi-busy traffic . Music be blaring from the radio , and the driver - side window be open , make the noise in the cockpit quite loud . Jimmy 's leave hand be simultaneously wrap around the steering wheel and the delivery list , which be hang down over the steering wheel so that he can read it . Jimmy 's cell phone ring . jimmy ( over the wind and music ) yeah , it 's Jimmy ! matt ( o.s. ) ( barely audible ) hey Jimmy , it 's Matt . I need some k . Jimmy turn off the radio and begin roll up the driver - side window . jimmy Matt ?! speak up , man , I can barely hear you ! int . matte bedroom -- continuous matt , in he late teens , have a very short buzz-cut . he 's wear a old t-shirt and fade cargo-short , and he 's sit up on the edge of he unmade bed . Matt 's bedroom be a shithole , with dirty clothes pile everywhere . he 's talk into a cordless phone , use he free hand to rub the back of he neck nervously . matt ( semi-whisper ) I need some k , dude . I need it for tonight . we cut back and forth between Jimmy and Matt . jimmy ( still roll up the window ) what ?! matt ( semi-whisper ) Jesus Christ , Jimmy ! my folk be home ! I need some k , dude ! 30 jimmy alright , alright ! I get it , man , get plenty ! I will see you tonight ! Jimmy hang up and begin to roll down the window . the cell phone begin ringing again . Jimmy reverse himself and begin roll the window back up . jimmy ( cont 'd ) yeah , it 's Jimmy ! we cut back and forth between Jimmy and Matt . Matt be now pace back and forth in he shithole room . his voice be hushed , although the sense of urgency in it be obvious . Jimmy 's still talk loud , as he piece -of - shit do not provide a quiet ride . matt Jimmy ! Jesus , man ! listen to I ! I need one a' you special delivery - I will not be around tonight ! jimmy alright , man , when do you need it ?! matt like , now , dude ! for tonight ! I be take off ! jimmy Matt , you be way out of the way , man ! wait for another delivery . matt look , I need it now , man ! now now now ! I be takin ' off ! jimmy what 's the rush ?! matt ( finally confide ) look , dude , I be takin ' out this girl - a friend of setzer 's . he say I could bang she easy if I have some k . jimmy really ?! matt easy , dude , easy . setzer 's word - it 's in the bag . Jimmy 's eye get very wide . 31 jimmy Jesus ! Jimmy slam on the break and cut the wheel to the leave . too late . Jimmy rock forward as the stress ball that be sit on the passenger seat fly to the floor . ext . traffic intersection -- continuous Jimmy 's piece -of - shit have just rear-end another car of equal value park in front of a stop sign in a otherwise empty intersection . the driver of the forward car stir . int . jimmy car -- continuous Jimmy have he right arm drape over the pizza box in the passenger seat , protect they from fly forward as a parent would have instinctively reach to hold back a child . his cell phone start ringing again . he slowly begin to stir . ext . traffic intersection -- continuous the driver , dave , a large , rip , soft -spoken juicehead , get out of the forward car hold the back of he neck . he slam the door shut with he free hand , piss , and stagger towards Jimmy 's car . a twenty -someth female passenger be sit motionless in the passenger seat . Dave glance up and see Jimmy . dave Jimmy ? ( still daze , but immediately friendly ) hey , what 's up , man ? Jimmy turn off the ringer on he cell phone and get out of he vehicle . jimmy shit , Dave , sorry ' bout that . I be talkin ' on the phone . I do not see the stop sign , I guess . dave do not sweat it . ( regard he car ) I could give a shit about this thing . I be hopin ' some rich doctor or lawyer or something ' hit I . Jimmy notice the female passenger in the passenger seat and walk toward she , with Dave follow . jimmy Holy shit , man , be she alright ? 32 Jimmy and Dave both stand near the passenger side of the car . the window be completely open . the female passenger lie motionless , bleed noticeably from the forehead . dave she will be alright . you do not hit we that hard - it 's gotta look worse than it be . jimmy what be you , a fuckin ' doctor ? we need to get she to a hospital . dave fuck that , you will have all kind 'a problem if we do that . cop , insurance and whatnot . you probably get drug on you ... jimmy Dave , look at she fuckin ' head ! she 's bleedin ' all over the place ! dave just give she a minute , she will snap out of it . she 's a stripper , for god-sake . jimmy that 's retarded . the female passenger begin to slowly stir . it be clear she be out of it - still very woozy . dave see ? I tell ya . jimmy Dave , you be a sick fuck . I be call 911 . look at the blood ! Jimmy reach for he cell phone , but Dave again object . dave put that shit away . I will take she home and give she some k , she will be fine . jimmy she need a doctor . what the hell 's k gonna do ? dave Jimmy , listen , she 's gonna be fine . a guy like you should be avoidin ' that kinda ' attention . 33 jimmy you should take better care of you girl . dave bro , she be not my girl . she plow through all my drug , and I fuck she like a goddam whore . she 's a whore . female passenger ( o.s. ) fuck you , Dave , you asshole ! dave see , she 's fine . Dave light a cigarette . jimmy Holy shit . you be fuck up . ( see a opportunity ) hey , you need any juice or anythin' ? dave no , man , I be good . jimmy you sure ? look , man , I just get a buncha ' stuff . Coke , e , k . I gotta sell it fast , you can sell it to you crackhead friend whenever . dave you be placin ' bet with Bobby the bookie again ? jimmy no. I be just , I be payin ' , like , twenty percent on my card and shit , and it drive I fuckin ' nut , pissin ' all my money away . dave sellin ' drug to pay off the plastic , huh ? jimmy you want it ? dave look , I be definitely interested in a little bit for myself , definitely , but I be not no dealer like you . lemme think about it . jimmy hey , you nose be bleedin' . 34 Dave reflexively put a finger to he nostril and examine it for blood . dave seriously ? jimmy no , just horsin ' around . dave listen , I gotta get go . patch she head up and shit . jimmy yeah . ( regard Dave 's car ) sorry , man . dave do not even sweat it , man , I tell ya . Jimmy and Dave get in they respective car and drive off . ext . pool , swing -- day emily be seat on a swing off to the side of the gated pool area , smoking a cigarette , look in through the gate at the pool . she 's wear a old , yet barely wear , baseball cap . corey ( o.s. ) you smoke ?! emily yeah , so ? you do drug . Corey enter the frame , grab the cigarette and stomp it out , but Emily 's nonchalant demeanor remain . corey how would you know ? emily everybody know my brother do drug . corey so you hear about that thing that happen ? emily yeah . everybody know about that , too . corey if you think so highly of I , what the hell be you do here ? 35 emily I be just say . why would you try to put everything back in the house ? corey we run outta of gas . we be right outside he house - what the hell else be we suppose to do ? he be not suppose to be home for another hour . at least he take it easy on we . emily ( change the subject ) here , I bring this . Emily hand Corey the Baseball cap . Corey be catch off-guard . corey what for ? emily dad give it to you , remember ? you leave it . I bring it for you . corey keep it . I do not wear hat . emily I do not want it . Corey have no desire to wear it , so he hold it . corey you go to see he at all ? emily in prison ? no , not lately . corey so what 's the problem ? Vincent hit you ? emily Vincent ? Vincent 's go . she 's on Victor now . corey what happen to Vincent ? emily he find out about Victor . 36 pedro ( o.s. ) ( to Corey ) vamo , I need the address ! I have a pen in the truck ! pedro be stand at the gate . corey so be Victor hit you or what ? emily no . corey what then ? emily I do not wanna talk about it . forget it . pedro ( to Corey ) hurry up , mehn ! emily you know he have porno magazine all over he truck . corey so ? Corey head toward the gate and spot kevin , a young boy of about ten , sit on the moped that be lean up along the interior of the pool - area fence . corey ( cont 'd ) hey , Kevin , get off my bike , alright ? kevin it 's a mope . corey just lay off it . Kevin get off . Corey continue toward the gate . ext . pool - parking lot -- moment later the driver - side door of a tow truck be swing wide open , with " athens towing service " write on side . pedro be lean one hand on the roll down window and he other hand on the roof of the tow truck , watch Corey , who be lean over the tow truck 's hood , write Mr. carson 's address on a piece of paper with a pen . pedro gracias . 37 pedro throw the Paper and Pen into the tow truck . pedro ( cont 'd ) oye , do not get mad , but would you be mad if I try to fuck you sister ? corey if you think you can . pedro maybe you think you can talk to she for I ? corey pedro , she 's fifteen ! pedro no way , mehn . ( form breast with he hand ) no con esa tetas . corey I will have you send to jail , man . I be serious . pedro no way she be fifteen . she look way older . corey she will look a lot young on the witness stand , with my mom sit in the courtroom . pedro bueno , tell she I say good - bye . I call you soon . pedro climb behind the wheel as Corey hold the door open to talk to he . corey so what be you gonna do ? pedro I be gonna find Mr. cocksucker and say , " look , mehn , let we into we fuck home . " Corey step aside as pedro shut he door and turn the ignition . 38 corey wait a second ... why be you still drive this thing ? I think you get fire . pedro Si , si , but I need it . how be I gonna drive without my truck . they fire I , mehn . Corey watch as pedro pull out . ext . police station -- day establishing shot on the police station with a number of police car park neatly in front . two middle - age male police officer be stand in front of the entrance , talk . Heather and allison 's ambulance be park in the lot across the street , face the police station . int . ambulance -- continuous the engine be off . heather be behind the wheel and allison be slouched back on the passenger seat , both watch the two male Police officer stand in front of the building . allison I hate this job . heather I should pick up one of they asshole . allison do not you have a appointment with Dr. cook ? heather five-thirty , and I be not miss it . allison derek probably think you be sleep with you doctor . there 's nothing wrong with you . heather ( hold the lower portion of she right ribcage ) ally , I have a pain right here that have nothing to do with my head . my dad die of heart disease , and if that asshole teach I anything , it 's better to be paranoid than dead . 39 a female police officer , a prim -and - proper plain - jane 5 '5 " woman in she early twenty , exit the building and walk over to talk with the two male Police officer . heather ( cont 'd ) that 's she . tess . allison you be just guess . heather ally , I know that 's she . that 's he type , too . that little slut . both Heather 's and allison 's beeper go off . they both look down at they beeper and sit up in they seat . allison Harry 's wait . heather sorry if I snap . allison you do not snap . heather I mean this morning . allison oh . that 's okay . Heather start the ambulance and start to pull out of the lot . heather I be just afraid its gonna be the whole thing all over again with derek , and then I have get to find some other asshole , and do it all again . I be sick of the whole cycle . allison so do something different . heather I be try , but he 's fuck it all up . as they pull out of the lot , the two male Police officer head toward they Police Cars and the female Police Officer head back inside the station . int . aaron's house -- continuous jessica be on a phone , hold a bookmark trash novel in she hand . pitt be sit on the couch watch tv . 40 jessica yeah , where be you ? carlo ' voice right down the street , gettin ' some more nacho . jessica can you just come back and get I ? hurry up . jessica look up to see troy enter the house with aaron behind he . troy be a shaggy , 5 '10 " pothead slacker in he late teens , wear beat - up jeans , a t-shirt with a fade logo on it , and light hair above he lip and on he chin . aaron , a burly mutt , about the same age and only slightly short , wear cut - off cargo pants with one of the thigh pocket rip off , a sleeveless shirt and a tattoo on he leave shoulder . Troy notice jessica immediately . troy Holy shit . jessica Aaron , I do not know how the hell you get ... aaron ( interrupt ) Fucking bitch ! Aaron shove Troy roughly out of the way as jessica bolt out of the room . pitt ( to jessica ) use the back door , yo ! jessica run out the back door and around the front of the house . Aaron see she turn the corner of the house , and he turn around to cut she off . aaron ( to Pitt ) man , do not be helpin ' that bitch ! pitt I do not want to see you be hittin ' no girl . just calm you ass down . aaron fuck you ! Aaron run out the front door after jessica . 41 troy he 's gonna kill she . ext . aaron's house -- continuous Aaron be out the front door , yell at jessica who be further down the street . aaron where you goin ' , bitch ?! jessica run to carlos 's car , open the door , throw the novel in and jump in after it . she throw on she seatbelt and rifle through she purse , look for she pepper spray . jessica drive ! carlo ( start the car ) what 's the deal ? Aaron , hold a rock slightly bigger than he fist , smashes the passenger - side window . carlo ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ! jessica Fucking drive ! Aaron reach in and grab jessica 's hair and begin to rip she out of the car , cut he own arm while do so . Aaron growl , more in anger than pain , as he yank with all he might . jessica be hold onto the inside of the passenger door with one hand , and be scratch and claw at Aaron to get Aaron to release she with she other hand . jessica 's seat belt clearly be the only thing keep she in the car . carlos be pull away slowly . Aaron release one hand from jessica 's hair and punch at the top of she head . jessica ( cont 'd ) fuck you ! aaron fuck you , you filthy fuckin ' whore ! Aaron repeatedly try to hit jessica with he free hand as carlos pull into the street . Aaron run along with the car . jessica reach toward Aaron with a close fist , where she be hold she pepper spray . she spray at Aaron but miss . Aaron grab at she fist with he free hand and rip the pepper spray from jessica . jessica scream in pain as Aaron spray away . aaron ( cont 'd ) you like that , bitch ?! huh ?! 42 carlos swerve violently to the side towards a park car along the side of the road . Aaron be plow along toward the car , but release jessica at the last possible second , just avoid a collision with the car . carlos be not fool around . Aaron watch they tear down the street before he about - face and walk briskly back toward the house , where Troy be stand on the front porch watch the action . int . carlo ' car -- continuous jessica be still reeling from the pepper spray . she can barely stammer out she word . jessica oh my God , my fuck eye ! carlo Jesus , look at my car , jess ! jessica that fuck ... asshole ! carlo now I be screw too . carlos turn to look through the rear window of he car - all clear . jessica ( practically sobbing ) I be so sorry . a otherwise believable apology , except that carlos know jessica too well . jessica do not want to be in this alone . carlos cut the wheel to the right and tear down a side street . ext . landlord house -- day pedro pull he tow truck and parallel park on the street in front of the house . pedro get out of he tow truck and walk up to the front door . he ring the doorbell . there be no answer , so he ring the doorbell again , then knock on the door . again no answer , so he bang on the door vigorously . he lean over and peer inside the window . as he do so , mr . carson open the front door , apparently have just wake up . mr. carson pedro ? what be you do here ? get the hell off my porch . 43 pedro hey , mehn , let I into my fuck apartment . mr. carson either pay I or get off my porch . Mr. carson shut the door . pedro turn around and eye the gray ford taurus park behind he tow truck . he walk back to he tow truck and grab some tool . he begin hitching up the Ford Taurus to he tow truck . Mr. carson part the curtain behind he front window , eye wide as he watch pedro . the front door open , and Mr. carson come storming out . mr. carson ( cont 'd ) pedro ! what the hell be you do ?! pedro I be hitching up you car to my tow truck . mr. carson let it down right now you psychotic sonuvabitch ! pedro let I in my fuck apartment , mehn ! mr. carson pay the damn rent ! pedro I be gonna pay , mehn ! I get fire ! mr. carson bullshit ! you never pay rent , and I know you have have a job ! I be sicka ' this shit ! put down my car , or I be callin ' the cop to haul you ass outta here ! pedro listen , do not be a cocksucker . it 's not need . mr. carson I be do with it . let my car down . pedro I need a job , mehn , then I pay you . mr. carson Margaret want you out of the house anyway . now let my car down . 44 pedro you need some ball , mehn ! why do you let she slap you around ?! mr. carson nobody slap nobody around . pedro Hay , por favor ! I come by here to pay rent , I always hear she slapping you ass around . mr. carson I be go inside to get the phone . if you be still here when I come back out I be gonna dial the police with you stand right here next to I . Mr. carson proceed inside . pedro watch Mr. carson proceed back into the house as he release the Ford Taurus back down to the ground . ext . baseball field , parking lot -- day the baseball field be empty . matt be lean against the driver - side door of he car , which be park all by itself near a dumpster at the edge of the lot . jimmy pull he piece-of - shit up and park next to the driver - side door of Matt 's car . Jimmy climb out of he piece-of - shit . matt dude , what the hell ?! I be ready to go here ! where the hell be you ?! jimmy I get into a freakin ' accident ! Matt start walk to meet Jimmy at the rear of the car . matt bullshit , man , fuck bullshit ! you make I come all the way out here ! I be waitin ' ! jimmy look , you be pissin ' I off now ! remember who 's doin ' fuckin ' who the favor ! I get shit I gotta do ! Matt pull he wallet out of he back pocket . 45 matt ( about to blow , then control himself ) Fine , fine ! just give it to I . jimmy I do not want to bring my bag to you house , with you fuckin ' parent home . Jimmy open he trunk and pull he backpack out . jimmy ( cont 'd ) where 's my Grand theft Auto ? matt I leat it to Jerry . jimmy what would you do that for ? get it back . matt he move down the shore . this morning . rushed , Jimmy blow it off and pull a jar of k out of he backpack . jimmy alright , sixty buck . matt what ? fer one freakin ' jar ?! jimmy dude , stop you bitchin ' and pay up . I tell you this shit , I tell you . matt you say extra , I think you mean , like , fifty ! jimmy asshole , fifty be the regular fuckin ' price ! matt this be fuckin ' extortion ! knowin ' I be meetin ' this chick , so you jack up the price ! jimmy look ! this be a pain in my ass , comin ' way out here , and I say I would charge you extra . I do not give a shit if its ten over the regular price , or twenty - five over you fuckin ' " discount price , " but you be payin ' sixty buck for this jar . 46 matt ( weakly ) man , what the hell . ( look in he wallet ) I need some cash for food and drink , man ! I be takin ' this girl out ! jimmy ( consider ) gimme fifty even . matt c'mon , man ! I need as much cash as I can get ! what if she want to go somewhere ?! and gas ! dude , just take forty - five ! jimmy ( break ) Fine , you cheap - ass fuckin ' bastard . Jimmy accept the forty - five dollar , and give Matt the jar of K. Jimmy be piss . jimmy ( cont 'd ) here , man , go fuckin ' get high . matt ( almost apologetic ) see ya . Jimmy throw he backpack back in the trunk and slam it shut . ext . pool , clubhouse -- day corey be on a payphone outside the restroom , talk to pedro . pedro' voice he say " no , " mehn . the cocksucker will not let we back in . ext . convenience store -- continuous pedro be on a payphone . we cut back and forth between pedro and Corey . corey that 's great . pedro hey , this be not my fault , mehn . a short beat as Corey think . 47 pedro ( cont 'd ) hello ? Corey hang up and put more coin into the payphone . Pete approach , look for Corey . pete Corey . Corey try to phase out Pete 's voice . pete ( cont 'd ) the blandinos just call again . the break glass be still there . rob' voice ( via the payphone ) hello ? pete and the grass need to be cut . corey ( hurriedly to Pete ) okay , I will take care of it . pete ( sarcastic ) do not forget to put gas in it . Pete exit . corey Rob ? it 's Corey becker . rob' voice hey . corey you get any spare cash ? ext . pool -- moment later emily be lay back in a lounge chair . Corey enter the pool area from clubhouse carry the baseball cap . he walk over to he moped chain to the gate , throw on he Baseball cap , unlock he moped , and push it through the gate where resident kide be gather around a ping pong table . Emily watch as he hop on the moped and throw on he helmet . kid # 1 , one of the young kid at the table , spot Corey in the distance . kid # 1 Corey ! hey Corey ! Corey look over as he start he moped . 48 kid # 1 ( cont 'd ) gorski say he can beat you ! corey maybe he can . kid # 1 yeah right ! get over here and whip he ass real quick ! Corey kick the stand up on he moped and ride off . kid # 1 ( cont 'd ) ( shouting after he ) aw , c'mon ! Corey ! ext . rescue squad -- day establishing shot . the small wooden bench on which Heather and allison be sit earlier be empty . int . rescue squad , locker room -- continuous heather and allison be change back into they civy and put away they ems gear into they locker . heather be you comin ' with I to register tomorrow ? allison I dunno . heather why not ? allison my brother spend six thousand on tech course and he 's still painting house . heather ( look at she watch ) I be gonna be late . allison why do not you just reschedule ? heather you know how book he always be . I do not wanna be refer to that quack hengis . I do not trust woman doctor . allison Dr. hengis be fine . you be the quack . 49 heather ally , I be really feel something . a deep ache , like someone 's crush I . this can not wait . allison you still feel like go out ? heather Hell yes . Heather shut she locker . ext . road -- day jimmy be drive he piece-of - shit with a clear look of anger and frustration in he face . the window be down , but the radio be no longer play . int . jimmy car -- continuous Jimmy 's cell phone ring . he answer . jimmy yeah , its Jimmy . pizza pop' voice hey -a Jimmy ! where be you ?! we get two call from 45 Smith Street wonder where they food be ! jimmy ( over the wind noise ) I get into a accident ! pizza pop' voice a accident ?! be you okay , Jimmy ?! jimmy I be fine ! my car 's bang up , but I be on my way ! pizza pop' voice okay ! drive careful ! jimmy yeah ! Jimmy hit a button to hang up and shut the cell phone , but the cell phone immediately ring again . Jimmy flip the cell phone open again . his eye grow wide as he stare at the caller id , which read " car lee . " Jimmy stare at the cell phone as it continue ringing and ringing . 50 he hit a button and replace the cell phone to he ear . jimmy ( cont 'd ) hello ? kwon' voice Jimmy ? jimmy who be this ? int . car' house -- continuous kwon , a asian - american in he early twenty , hold to he ear the cordless phone that be on the coffee table , be pace in front of car , who be still seat on the couch in the exact position we see he last . the gym bag that Jimmy emptied earlier be on the floor at he foot . we cut back and forth between Jimmy and kwon . kwon you do not have caller id ? jimmy I be drive . who be this ? kwon kwon . jimmy hey , kwon . what 's up ? where be you ? kwon I be on my cousin 's phone . jimmy where 's car ? kwon he 's right here . he say you guy be suppose to meet . Jimmy run a yellow light that turn red while he 's still crossing the intersection . jimmy he do ? well , yeah , I stop by this morning . nobody be there . kwon you do not come in ? jimmy no. nobody answer the door . 51 kwon well , you want to come by now ? I will be here . you can make you pick-up . jimmy can not do it now . I be deliver on the other side of town . kwon delivery ? Jimmy , fuck the pizza . stop by and get you shit . jimmy I can not . what 's the big deal ? Jimmy , very anxious , run a red light . a car go the other way stop and honk . kwon Jimmy , my cousin 's dead , and there 's a shitload 'a shit miss from we house . jimmy car ? kwon what do you think ? jimmy I do not know . the traffic in front of Jimmy slow , and Jimmy coast to a standstill at the tail of the traffic and in the middle of a busy intersection . kwon I want you to come over here and tell I everything that happen when you stop by . jimmy nothing happen , kwon . I knock and no one answer . kwon you do not ring the doorbell ? Jimmy 's light turn yellow while he be still at a standstill in the middle of the intersection . jimmy that 's what I mean . kwon and no one answer . 52 jimmy no . no one answer . kwon you leave a message on we house phone this morning . why do not you call we cell when you get here ? Jimmy 's light turn red , and he be still at a standstill in the middle of the intersection . a car at the head of the cross traffic inch up to Jimmy 's piece -of - shit and honk , but Jimmy do not seem to notice . jimmy ( stump ) why do not I call . good question . kwon what the fuck do I care , you think it 's a good question ?! be you fuck kid I ?! jimmy look , I do not think of it . I get a lotta shit on my mind right now . kwon Jimmy , do you have my drug ? jimmy no . the cross traffic honk grow louder , even though there be nowhere for Jimmy to go . kwon alright . if you hear anything , you call I . jimmy I will . sorry about car . kwon thanks , Jimmy . Jimmy hang up . ext . intersection -- continuous Cars be still honk at Jimmy as he continue to sit at a standstill in the intersection . 53 jimmy ( generally to the other driver ) fuck off ! Jimmy throw he piece -of - shit in reverse , then cut leave , through and out of the intersection . ext . jimmy apartment -- day jimmy parallel park he piece-of -shit in front of he apartment and exit carry he backpack . he unlock the door to he apartment , open it , and step one foot inside . int . jimmy apartment -- continuous Jimmy slide the backpack into he apartment . tight on the backpack as it slide across the hardwood floor , straight towards the camera , to a halt immediately in front of the camera . Jimmy step back outside and shut the door . ext . rob' house -- day corey be stand in the middle of a unkept lawn , watch rob , about eighteen and wear Corey 's helmet , ride Corey 's moped in circle around he on the lawn . he 's treat the moped rather roughly , pull wheelies and kick the tail end out repeatedly . Corey be watch impatiently , hold the baseball cap at he side . Rob jump the moped over the curb into the street , then turn up the driveway and pull up alongside Corey . Rob remove the helmet . rob I will take it . int . aaron's house -- day aaron return from the kitchen drink from a can of soda . troy and pitt be on the couch , video game controllers in they hand , wait for the video game to load . Troy be lighting a cigarette . aaron ( to Troy ) c'mon , let 's go find she . troy I be not gonna go scour the countryside lookin ' fer she . aaron gimme yer key . pitt ( to Troy ) do not give he you key . 54 aaron ( to Pitt ) you want a smack ? I be seriously gonna smack yer ass . pitt do not give I no attitude , just cause you get mushroom growin ' on you ball . aaron ( to Troy ) let 's go , man . ( be Pitt ) fuck this asshole . troy no , man , I do not wanna see you hittin ' jess neither . the phone on the coffee table ring . Pitt pick it up . pitt domino . ( a beat , then to Aaron ) it 's she . Pitt toss the phone to Aaron . ext . neighborhood STREET -- continuous carlo have park he car along the side of the street . jessica be in the passenger seat on she cell phone . aaron's voice jess , come back here . jessica yeah right . int . aaron's house -- continuous Aaron be walk into the kitchen , and although he be furious , he be keep he voice down so that Pitt and Troy do not hear . cut back and forth between Aaron in he house and jessica in carlos ' car . aaron jess , I be serious . we need to talk about this . jessica be not that what we be do ? aaron Fine ! who would you fuck ? 55 jessica nobody . aaron bull-fuckin' - shit ! I get bump on my dick , and I never cheat ! jessica maybe its just a rash , ' cause I do not have anything . aaron why do not we go to the doctor and get you check out ? jessica I can go to the doctor by myself . and if I have it , I get it from you ! aaron you be fuckin ' fulla shit ! jessica whatever . if you come after I again , I be gonna find someone to kick you ass . I mean it . aaron I believe it , you fuckin ' whore ! ' Cause it 's probably the same dude you be bangin ' behind my back ! jessica I never cheat . aaron tell carlos I be gonna kick he ass . Aaron hang up . int . carlo ' car -- continuous back to jessica and carlos in carlos ' park car . carlo ( anxious ) what 's up ? jessica he 's piss . say he 's gonna kick we ass . carlo great . I get a baseball bat in the trunk . 56 jessica good . carlo I gotta go to work in a hour . jessica call in sick . carlo yeah , maybe . you mean it when you say you be gonna find someone to kick he ass ? jessica yeah . carlo who ? jessica you do not know he . he graduate before we . jessica notice something , turn to look out the break passenger - side window . she 's stare , interested . carlo he a big dude ? jessica ( still stare out the window ) not really , but he get into fight all the time , at party and stuff . and he know a lot of people . through the window , we see that carlos ' car be park across the street from car 's house , and that a police car and a coroner' van be park in front of it . kwon be stand with a police officer , more distraught than the last time we see he , answer question . he 's oblivious to jessica and carlos . carlo call he . jessica I would rather go over in person . carlo why ? jessica turn back to carlos . 57 jessica ( not exactly confident ) I can be more ... persuasive in person . jessica punch another number into she cell phone . carlo ( disappointed ) swell . katie' voice hello , this be Katie kinney ! jessica Katie , it 's jessica . katie' voice where be you ? jessica have you eat ? katie' voice I be starve ! jessica okay , I be go to be home in a little bit , okay ? katie' voice alright . jessica hang up and throw she cell phone on top of the dashboard . jessica drive . carlos start the car . ext . neighborhood STREET -- continuous establishing shot on the car pull back out onto the street as kwon continue talk to the Police Officer in the background . ext . landlord house -- day rob be riding he newly - acquire moped , with corey on the back . Corey be hold Rob with one hand , he baseball cap with the other . he drop Corey off in front of Mr. carson 's house . as Rob pull a wheelie and exit the frame , Corey walk up to the front door of the house . he ring the doorbell , reach into he pocket and pull out a wad of bill as he wait . Mr. carson open the door . 58 corey hey Mr. carson . I get the rent . Mr. carson open the screen door , and Corey hand he the bill . Mr. carson begin count they . corey ( cont 'd ) can you let we back into we apartment now ? mr. carson this be only one month . you boy owe three . corey that 's all we have . we will give you the rest later , as soon as we can . mr. carson when you get I the rest , I will let you back in . corey Mr. carson , c'mon ! this be just temporary . pedro lose he job . mr. carson bullshit . you be always late . you should spend less time try to rob house , and more time work . corey be not you suppose to take we to court before you throw we out ? mrs . carson ( o.s. ) Holy fuck , Shelby ! shut the goddam door already you stupid bastard ! you be let the cold air out ! mr. carson ( suddenly in a hurry ) tell it to my lawyer . corey aw , c'mon ! do not be like that ! we be doin ' we best ! we be gonna be homeless ! mrs . carson ( o.s. ) shut the goddam door ! mr. carson Three month ! 59 Mr. carson slam the door . corey ( bang on the door ) c'mon ! Corey stand and stare at the door a moment . he turn and leave , resign to a long walk back to the pool . ext . diner , back - lot -- day pedro be drive nonchalantly toward the back - lot . a song be play on the car radio . wide on a park mustang , a couple empty parking space on the passenger side of it . pedro 's tow truck back up into the frame so that it 's back end be almost touch the front end of the mustang . pedro climb out of he tow truck , leave it on , and start walk around to the back of it . suddenly remember , he double back and stick he head in through the driver - side window , check the gas gage . it 's more than 3 / 4 full . satisfied , pedro proceed toward the rear of the tow truck and hitches the mustang to the back of it . a older couple pull into the parking lot and park one car length from the mustang . older man and older woman climb out of they car . the older man have take a interest in what pedro be do . older man hey , can I park here ? pedro ( very friendly ) Si , si , of course . ( motion toward the mustang ) the transmission be break . transmission on this car suck . older woman notice that the front passenger - side tire be flat . older woman ( point ) oh , and the tire 's flat , too . pedro step around to the passenger side of the mustang , surprised to see the flat tire . pedro ah , si , but that 's no big deal . that 's fine , believe I . older man and older woman begin walk toward the entrance to the diner . 60 older man good luck . pedro gracias ! as older man and older woman proceed toward the diner , pedro open the door to he tow truck , and reach in to hit the control which lift the mustang . ext . diner -- moment later through the window we see patron eat . pedro drive by in he tow truck with the mustang hitched to the back . int . dr . cook' office , examining room -- day heather be sit on the examine table , topless , hold she breath as dr . cook run a stethoscope on different area of she back . Heather 's blouse and purse be lie on the examine table beside she . dr . cook breathe out . Heather let she breath out . dr . cook ( cont 'd ) it 's official . you be as healthy as you be last week , and last week you be as healthy as a ox . heather be you sure you be use that thing right ? I feel this ache ( indicate she chest ) right here , like I be be crush between two board . dr . cook nobody 's crush you . honest . I be sure . it 's all in you head . I know a couple quack ... heather I do not need a head doctor ! dr . cook I be just kid there . Heather reach into she purse and light a cigarette . Dr. cook sigh - they have have a discussion about Heather 's smoking before . 61 dr . cook ( cont 'd ) Heather , if you be go to insist on ignore my rule , at least put you blouse on before you light up . Heather hop off the bench and make a sudden about-face . she be gesture wildly , seemingly oblivious to the fact that she be half - naked . heather can not I be concerned about my health ?! be that so outrageous ?! Dr. cook be clearly uncomfortable converse with Heather while she breast be expose . dr . cook Heather ... heather I just do not want to be walk around tomorrow and drop dead because my heart collapse , and so that make I weird or paranoid ... dr . cook Heather , there 's nothing wrong with be concerned about you health . please put you blouse back on . Heather grab she blouse from the table and put it back on . dr . cook ( cont 'd ) so I will see you next week then . heather ( suddenly friendly again ) okay , yeah , see you next week . Heather leave and shut the door behind she . ext . derek' house -- day the sound of panting can be hear . two people be have sex . there be no word , although the girl regularly let out high - pitch groan , indicative of at least a little pain . int . derek' house , bedroom -- continuous low angle medium on allison bent over the bed , mouth agape . she bury she face in the mattress , revealing derek thrust from behind . derek climax . allison pop up from below . allison I be two pound heavier I think . 62 derek lie back to put he head on the pillow . derek sorry . allison lie on top , nestle she head in he chest . allison it hurt . I know it would hurt , but that be kinda worse than I think . do Heather ... like it ? derek she never let 's I do it . allison she do not ? why not ? derek I do not know . she do shave though . how come you do not shave ? allison I do not know . I do not want to . do you love she ? derek I do not know . allison how can you not know ? derek she 's get problem . allison I do not understand you . why do you even cheat on she with I ? she 's so pretty . so much prettier than I . derek she 's a nutcase . I will tell you what , I do not know why you do it . you should have a man of you own - we say it all the time , I and Heather . allison yeah , who ? that slob you and Heather introduce I to last time ? derek he outrank I . he 's a good guy . 63 allison like I , I be a good girl , and the best I can do be a guy that look like that ? derek no . allison you must think so . you try to set I up with he . derek I think it be a bad match . it be Heather 's idea . allison so she think I can not do better . derek you know what she think better than I . allison climb out of bed , and she mood change from thoughtful to business - like . she begin put she clothes on . allison let 's get dress , she will be here . derek look calmly over at the alarm clock on the nightstand . derek let 's let she walk in on we , and look surprised . allison hurry up . allison open the door and walk out , a little bow -legge . int . pizza shop -- day jimmy walk through the front door . pizza pop spot he immediately from behind the counter . the phone ring , but pizza pop ignore it . pizza pop hey -a Jimmy . where you be ? jimmy around. deliverin' . pizza pop hurry - sit down Anna eat something . we get more delivery for you . Jimmy walk around the counter , grab a couple of slice and throw they in the oven . pizza pop pick up the phone . 64 pizza pop ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) poppy 's ! int . jessica's apartment , live room -- day the door burst open and jessica enter , follow by carlo . katie be watch tv . jessica do you parent call ? katie nope ! where be you ? jessica out with carlos . jessica disappear into the kitchen . katie the vcr be break . int . jessica's apartment , kitchen -- continuous jessica toss a frozen dinner into the microwave . jessica ( yell to carlos in the live room ) ' Los , be you hungry ?! carlo ( o.s. ) I guess . int . jessica's apartment , live room -- moment later jessica place two frozen dinner , complete with a fork apiece , down on the coffee table . Katie grab she fork . katie be we go to have tv dinner all weekend ? jessica no. I promise . you want some milk ? katie can I have ice-tea ? jessica of course . ( to carlos ) can you make she some ice- tea ? 65 carlo be not you gonna eat ? jessica I be gonna take a shower . carlos be disappointed that jessica want to fix herself up to see Carter . Katie be already eat . int . jessica's apartment , bedroom -- moment later we be behind jessica as she remove she short and she shirt . int . jessica's apartment , live room -- moment later Katie now have a glass of ice - tea in front of she . carlos be behind the tv and vcr , fiddling with the wire . katie be you jessica 's new boyfriend ? carlo no . katie I wish you be . I do not like Aaron . carlo neither do I . katie do not you like jessica ? carlo kind of , I guess . she 's nice . int . jessica's apartment , bathroom -- continuous jessica shower , obscure by the semi-opaque glass shower door . int . derek' house , kitchen -- day heather , allison and derek be seat at the table with chinese take - out in front of they . a newspaper open to the classified lie near derek 's place at the table . derek and allison be chow down while Heather sit watch derek . derek be use a fork . heather take a look at that paper . there 's at least a half dozen apartment I circle that would be perfect . derek continue chow down , not respond . derek 's cell phone ring , and he answer it . 66 derek yeah ? ( beat ) you be joke . ( beat ) alright , ten minute . derek hang up , stand up , and put the cell phone in he pocket . heather ( guess at the purpose of the call , completely frustrated ) great . derek that be tess . Said I have to come back in . heather be you fuck tess ? derek what ? no. look , I gotta go . I will see you at Carter 's when I get off . derek take another bite , get up and head for the door . heather I be not drop this ! derek since when do you drop anything ? derek exit as Heather 's eye hang on he . heather you see that ? he practically say yes . Heather get up and walk in the direction of derek 's bedroom . allison instinctively rise and follow . allison what be you do ? heather I be gonna look through he shit . int . derek' house , bedroom -- continuous Heather walk over to the bed and start rifling through the mess on the nightstand . she pick up a tube of astroglide and nonchalantly throw it on the bed . 67 allison you be finally flipping , I think . heather you be a lot of help , ally . really . thanks . Heather open the nightstand drawer and immediately pull out a box of condom , show they to allison . heather ( cont 'd ) see ?! see ?! allison so what . condom . heather ally , I be on the fuck pill . he have not use condom with I for week . allison so maybe that be left-over . heather ally , this be not left-over . he never use regular condom with I . allison ( catch off guard ) why not ? heather because if he do , he take two fuck day to come . I always make he wear ultra-thin , ribbed , anything but this shit . allison he take too long for you ? heather ally , I would be do , and I would have to lie there like another hour ' till he get off . I could not fuck stand it . why the hell do you think I start on the pill , ally ? me. put that hormone shit in my body . allison how would I know ? heather well that 's why. ( remember ) anyway , that 's neither here nor fuck there . that asshole be use 68 ( be condom ) this thing , and not on I . allison just call he and ask he . heather no , no , fuck that . we be go to go to the party , have some fun . when he 's all good and drunk , you be go to ask he when I be not around . allison yeah right . heather ally , I be serious . if he 's drunk and have fun , and you just work it in on he real casual , he may slip . he will never admit shit to I . allison he will not to I either . heather ally ! just fuck try it ! allison I do not wanna spy on he for you ! heather ally , look , he 's cheating on I , I know it in my heart , but I want he to admit it , alright ? before I fuck flush what 's leave of this shithole relationship down the toilet , I want he to admit it . allison Fine , I will see . heather Fine . ext . pizza shop -- day Jimmy be sit in a alley behind the pizza shop , finish a coke with plenty of ice . kwon emerge from the back door of the pizza shop . Jimmy see kwon , and hide he displeasure as best he can . kwon hey , Jimmy . jimmy what 's up . 69 kwon I be just look for my stuff . let 's take a ride . jimmy where ? kwon you place . jimmy can not do it ' till after work . kwon you be sit here on you ass ! jimmy I gotta eat . I be go back to work now . my boss need I - I be the only delivery guy . kwon be that you piece - of - shit out front ? jimmy yeah . kwon let 's check that out . jimmy I tell you , I be not get you shit . kwon hey ! until I find the drug , everyone be a suspect ! Jimmy 's cell phone ring . kwon ( cont 'd ) ( regard the call ) fuck that . let 's look in you car . Jimmy reach into he pocket , but instead of a cell phone , he pull out he car keys , which he toss at kwon . kwon storm off , and Jimmy grab he cell phone out of he other pocket and answer it . jimmy hey , it 's Jimmy . int . dave' apartment , kitchen -- continuous Dave be stand in front of finish up blend a protein drink , hold a cordless phone to he ear . cut back and forth between Jimmy and Dave . 70 dave hey man , it 's Dave . I get happy news for you . jimmy you want the juice ? dave I tell ya , I get plenty . but about the other stuff , I be thinkin ' ' bout you problem , and I know a guy who could help you out . buy a lot a' you shit all at once . jimmy the juice ? dave no , no . I be talkin ' ' bout the coke a ' shit . I might know somebody . jimmy ( lowering he voice in case kwon come back ) who ? dave this spear-chucker from manville . sold I some fake D - ball once . I tie he brother 's dog to my front bumper and we talk it out . turned out to be a okay guy . I give he a call and he 's definitely lookin ' . jimmy for how much ? Dave , have walk into the live room , take a seat on the couch next to the female passenger we see earlier , she head now bandage . she be snort a line of coke off of the coffee table . dave well , he 's pretty small time , but he 's itchin ' to move up a few notches . jimmy he 's get money ? dave he talk so much shit it 's hard to tell . you need to talk to he . Jimmy consider , then pull a pen and he delivery list out of he pocket . he turn the Delivery list over to write on the back . 71 jimmy gimme he number , man . ext . pizza shop -- continuous the door of Jimmy 's piece-of -shit be flung wide open . kwon be haul Jimmy 's spare tire out of the trunk . jimmy kwon , what the hell be you do ? kwon dump the Tire on the ground and , see nowhere to hide anything , stand straight up and look at Jimmy . kwon when you off work ? jimmy do not know . maybe nine or nine-thirty . kwon toss Jimmy he keys back , jump in he BMW , and take off . Jimmy become increasingly resolve as he watch he leave . Jimmy pull out he Delivery list and he cell phone . he turn the Delivery list over to the number on the back and punch it into he cell phone . he pace as he talk . sinjine voice hello ? jimmy be this sinjin ? sinjine voice yeah , who 's this ? jimmy this be Jimmy . juicehead Dave 's friend . sinjine voice yeah , I know . ext . pool -- day pete be on a ride - on lawn mower . he spot corey walk toward the gate to the pool area . pete ( over the noise of the lawn mower ) hey ! Pete shut off the blade and steer the lawn mower over to Corey , stop just short of he . 72 pete ( cont 'd ) where the hell have you be ! corey I know , Pete . I be real real sorry . I get thing go on , you would not believe it . my life be crazy right now . pete you have a job here , Corey ! you can not just go take off ! corey I know . I be sorry . I mean , I know , the blandino 's . I be go now . pete I already take care of that ! ( hopping off the lawn mower ) just finish up what I be do , then take care of the fertilizer spill in the utility room . corey okay , alright , I will . Corey hop on the lawn mower , turn on the blade , and pick up where Pete leave off . Pete shake he head in disgust and head into the garage . Corey be wide - eye as he turn the corner enter the last leg of he first lawn lap and spot pedro approach in he tow truck with the mustang hitched to the back of it . he shut the blade off and steer the lawn mower over to the tow truck . pedro park as Corey hop off the lawn mower . corey ( cont 'd ) you get you job back ? pedro que ? corey ( point at the mustang ) what the hell be that ?! pedro ( look back at the mustang ) ah , el mustang ? corey yeah ! 73 pedro that 's we rent , mehn . we steal it . corey hey , uh-uh , no way ! I do not steal anything ! pedro do not worry . we be go to sell it , mehn . corey seriously , be you out of you mind ? to who ?! pedro this guy I know . corey how do ya know he will even buy it ? pedro do not worry . he like mustang , mehn . vamo , I get a place for we to stay . corey Jesus , pedro ! I tell you I wanna stay out of trouble ! I mean , this be big trouble ! pedro no joda , do not worry about it . I steal it . but we need rent , mehn . I lose my job . Corey look over at Emily , lay down in a lounge chair . pedro ( cont 'd ) so you in or out ? corey hey , Emily ! get you stuff ! pedro Asi I gusta , now you be be smart . emily where be we go ?! corey just get in the truck ! Corey head toward the garage . Emily look over at pedro sit in the tow truck . pedro stick he hand up to say hello to Emily , awkward . she ignore he and begin gather she stuff . 74 int . pool , garage -- continuous Pete be sit on the floor repair a weed - wacker . pete you do already ? Corey hop off the lawn mower . corey I get a emergency , Pete . I will come in early tomorrow and finish . he run out the door . pete hey ! corey ( run out the door ) sorry ! the door slam shut behind Corey . ext . carter' house , back yard -- evening Music be audible from inside the house . Carter 's house be a old dilapidate house , with a tiny front yard and huge back yard surround by tree , with rusty old car scattered throughout . just about everybody enter the house from the back . berubi , in he early twenty , very large and athletic , wear mesh short and a beat - up t-shirt , and a male friend , of a similar age with a average build and dress lazily in khakis and a un-tucke shirt , be unload a keg from the bed of a pick - up truck onto a dolly . heather and allison be stand on the back porch . Heather be hold a bottle of vodka in she hand . Heather bang on the screen door . carter approach . in he early twenty , Carter be tough , with a modestly athletic build and a gruff voice , and possess a appetite for greasy food and cheap beer . he 's a guy 's guy . carter what 's up . Heather try to open the screen door - it 's stick . allison hey Carter . Carter slam the handle from the inside - the door open . carter what 's up . 75 heather ( busting Carter 's chop with a mock tone ) what 's up . as Heather pass , Carter mockingly show Heather the back of he hand as if to smack she . Heather and allison pass , and Carter hold the door open with he foot as he look for something to prop it open . int . carter' house , kitchen -- continuous from the inside we can see that Carter 's house be the same house that Jerry move out of this morning - Jerry be Carter 's housemate . Heather and allison walk in as if they know they way around . Carter spot a large clay lawn dwarf on the back porch . he reach for it . carter stay outta my room . Heather hold out the vodka . heather wanna shot ? carter later . I wanna see how crazy it get . heather skirt . Carter prop the screen door open with the lawn dwarf . ext . carter' house , front yard -- evening pedro , emily and corey , now wear the baseball cap , be park in the tow truck across the street from the front of Carter 's house . porno magazine lie on the dashboard and the floor . berubi , walk along the side of the house from the back yard , spot pedro behind the wheel . he approach . emily ( to Corey , disapprove ) I can not believe you be do this . corey ( aside to pedro ) ya think it 's a good idea we leave it out here on the street like this ? pedro ( aside to Corey ) forget about that , mehn. ( refer to berubi ) 76 I will talk to berubi . I know what to say to this guy . do not worry . berubi hey , pedro , what 's up with the mustang ? berubi motion to the mustang hitched to the back of it . pedro que ? ah , el mustang ? pedro start to climb out of the tow truck . berubi yeah . pedro nada . I be do a favor for a friend . berubi so you be drive around with he car hitched to you tow truck ? pedro shut the door to he tow truck and pull up he short . pedro bueno , he 's a good friend . berubi sound good . come on a ' grab a beer . pedro ( to berubi ) hey , listen , can I sleep on you couch ? berubi kimmock 's get couch . pedro come on , mehn , we be in trouble here . we get throw out of we home . berubi you get evict ? pedro Si . I go out to get a gallon of milk for my dog , I come back , my key do not work , and the cocksucker put a eviction notice on the door . he do not even tell we ! now my milk 's spoil in my truck , pancho 's probably pissing all over the place , I be fuck . 77 berubi hey , listen , if you want , you can crash in Jerry 's room . he move out . pedro he do ? berubi do not park there . Park in back . pedro Si , si . no problem , mehn . berubi ( to Corey ) what 's up , becker . Corey stick he hand up to say hello . int . carlo ' car -- continuous carlos 's car be park in street in front of Carter 's house , just down the street from where pedro have park , but on the opposite side of the street and face in the opposite direction . through the windshield , we see berubi head back toward the house as pedro glance at jessica , now shower and dress in a yellow tank - top , before climb back into the tow truck and pull back out onto the road . carlos have notice pedro , but jessica , silent as she stare at the house , have not . finally , carlos speak up . carlo do you know he be have a party ? jessica grab the rear view mirror and aim it toward herself . she begin fix she hair in the mirror . she pull she lipstick out of she purse and begin to apply it as carlos watch . she put she lipstick away and stare at Carter 's house another moment . she check to see that she sunglass be still hang on the front of she shirt . jessica let 's go . ext . carter' house , front yard -- continuous jessica climb out of the car and shut the door . carlos follow suit . they move around the side of the house toward the back porch . jessica stop in she track and turn to face carlos . jessica wait here a second and let I talk to he . 78 without wait for a response , jessica turn around and climb onto the back porch , walk its length toward Carter , who be kneel with he back to we as he put a tap on the keg . carlos stand watch , not sure what to do . jessica ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? Carter turn around , and seem disappointed to see she . jessica ( cont 'd ) you need a hand ? carter I be do . Carter climb to he foot and head toward the back door , shaking off he hand , pass right by jessica . jessica pull she sunglass from she shirt . jessica Carter , I bring you sunglass back . Carter turn and grab the sunglass . carter that be Jerry 's anyway . Carter head into the house . jessica follow Carter , and we follow jessica . int . carter' house , kitchen -- continuous jessica oh . you do not tell I that . be he piss ? carter who give a shit ? he move out . jessica Carter , I gotta talk to you for a sec . carter I gotta wash my hand . Carter be just not interested in talk with jessica , even if he do not have other thing on he mind . Carter enter bathroom , but jessica follow persistently . int . carter' house , bathroom -- continuous Carter turn on the sink and wash he hand . 79 jessica I get a problem . carter yeah . jessica it 's Aaron , that asshole . he 's piss at I . carter so what be I , a goddam marriage counselor ? jessica no , but Aaron hit I , and he 's gonna do it again . carter he hit you ? jessica see that Carter have finally show some interest . jessica yes . carter like , he slap you ? jessica no , he punch I . with he fist , a bunch 'a time . carter why ? what would you do ? jessica I do not do shit . carter look , I be not gonna sit here all night . tell I what happen . none 'a you bullshit . jessica Aaron think I cheat on he . this strike Carter . carter why 's he think that ? jessica it do not matter . 80 carter Fine . Carter start to walk out , but jessica stop he . jessica alright , alright . he catch something - he get a rash or something . he say I give it to he . carter he 's get a rash ?! be you fuckin ' kiddin ' I ?! what the hell would he catch ?! fuckin ' herpes ?! jessica Carter ! Carter notice that the door to the bathroom be still open . although music be blast outside , and it be unlikely that anyone could hear they conversation , Carter close the door and lock it . carter what the hell would you give he ?! jessica nothing ! he 's fulla shit ! I do not cheat on he ! carter fuckin ' a ! you sleep with I , like , three week ago ! jessica that be the only time , that once , and there 's no way he know . carter and you have something ?! jessica no ! be you fuck listen to I ?! and you wear a condom anyway ! what the fuck do you care ! carter whatever , jess , what - the-fuck -ever . and I be sure I be the only one . jessica look , do not even get into the cheating thing , ' cause you be seein ' Rachel still . do not call I the slut . 81 carter look , I be not gettin ' into it with you . I be through with that bullshit . jessica Fine . just , I need you help with Aaron . just help I this one last time , that 's it . carter he 's probably gonna be here tonight , Aaron . jessica you be kid . you barely even know who he be ! carter no , but I know Troy real good . he say he would be bringin ' he . I be not get nothin ' against Aaron , so I say " what the hell . " jessica look , can you just kick he ass for I ? please ? carter shit , jess , I do not wanna be fightin ' no friend 'a Troy 's . can not you just work this shit out ? jessica Carter , he hit I ! and spray I with pepper spray ! carter what the hell . Carter contemplate , and jessica realize that the best thing to do be keep silent and let Carter 's good side take over . carter ( cont 'd ) look , if he try anything tonight , I will do something . jessica what will you do ? carter whadda you mean what will I do ?! ( facetious ) I be gonna dance with he ! fuckin ' I will beat he ass ! I do not wanna , but if he show up tonight and make like he 's gonna hit you , I will beat he ass . 82 jessica what if he do not come ? carter Troy say he be bringin ' he . if he do not , call he or somethin' . but I be not a fuckin ' bounty hunter whose gonna chase Aaron across the goddam country . jessica be not completely satisfied , but Carter have decide what he 's go to do , and that 's that . carter ( cont 'd ) alright ? jessica alright , fine . carter you be welcome . Carter exit , leave the door open , but jessica do not follow . ext . carter' house , back yard -- night jimmy have park he piece-of - shit in the rear of the back yard behind all of the other car that have pull in . he climb out , slide he chinese stress ball into he pocket , and walk toward the house , he backpack strapped over both shoulder like a schoolboy . int . carter' house , kitchen -- moment later Jimmy step through the open screen door into the kitchen . heather ( o.s. ) hey , there he be ! Jimmy ! heather and allison be play card at the kitchen table with a male partygoer . they jump up from the table and approach Jimmy . Jimmy pull three small bag of marijuana out of he backpack . allison pull out some bill . jimmy thirty buck . allison ( count bill ) I only get ten . jimmy I do not believe this shit . 83 allison ( finish count ) nine . jimmy you get nine ! Jesus Christ ! you know what you ask for ! heather Jimmy , relax . my god. jimmy no , this be fuckin ' ridiculous . what would you call I for ? I be not runnin ' a goddam soup kitchen here . heather ( mock seductive ) can not you just take care of we for tonight ? jimmy yes , for thirty buck . allison here then , take nine for one . jimmy it 's ten . heather you know what ? you need to get laid , Jimmy . maybe you would relax a little . jimmy Fine . enjoy you night . Jimmy as he stuff the marijuana back in he backpack and head into the hallway . heather well I be not go to drop to my knee for a lousy dimebag , so fuck he . int . carter' house , bathroom -- night the door be shut . jessica be talk on she cell phone . jessica ( try to muster a sweet voice ) what be you do ? katie' voice watch tv . 84 jessica do you parent call ? katie' voice yeah . I tell they you be in the shower . jessica okay ... good . thanks . be you okay ? katie' voice oh , hold on ! this be my favorite part ! a cartoon become audible through jessica 's cell phone - katie have put she phone up to the tv . jessica listen impatiently . katie' voice ( cont 'd ) can you hear it ? jessica yeah , I can hear it . ( hurriedly ) Katie ? but Katie have already put she phone up to the tv again . jessica wait , turn to face the door , wonder what 's go on the other side of it . ext . carter' house , back porch -- moment later pedro and emily grab cup off the rusted wash machine that sit on the back porch . Corey take notice of a ping pong table set up in the back yard , where barne be play ping pong player 1 . barne be skinny but attractive , and have a even more attractive barne ' girlfriend watch he play , along with ping pong player 2 and various partygoer . corey ( turn to grab a Cup for himself ) I do not know about leave the car out there in the open like that . you think we should , like , hide it somewhere ? pedro coo ya ! do not take this the wrong way , mehn , but you be like a girl . bitch , bitch , bitch . pedro begin dispense beer from the keg . corey somebody could see it out there ! 85 pedro Si , si . do you pussy hurt ? corey I be serious , pedro ! pedro who 's gonna see it out there by the wood ? emily everybody who read tomorrow 's paper . corey shut up Emily . emily no , you shut up ! do you know how embarrassing you be ?! corey look , it be bad luck as usual . so what ? emily the car run out of gas in the driveway ! corey the gage be bust ! emily everybody at school make fun of I ! pedro and it be way down the block anyway . emily ( to Corey ) and then you try to put everything back ! I mean , God , how stupid can you be ?! corey just shut up , alright ?! ' Cause you do not know shit about anything ! emily the Herald have a picture of the owner laugh at you ! Corey drop he Beer and move in aggressively , grab Emily by the wrist . corey listen , I be sick of you shit ! 86 emily ( struggle to break free ) get off I ! you fuck loser ! Emily fall on she ass . corey no wonder Victor try to fuck you . Emily stand up , turn around and head toward the back door lead into the kitchen , storming past a teenage boy and teenage girl passionately kissing each other against a tree in the back yard . we hang on the couple as Emily walk out of frame . as the boy work he way down to she neck , the girl 's eye open for a moment and catch someone watch she . jimmy be stand in the kitchen in front of the door look out onto the back porch , stare at the couple make out , momentarily transfix . Jimmy 's hand be in he pocket , turn he chinese stress ball over and over and over . the girl close she eye again , and Jimmy be forget , the moment lose . Jimmy be alone again , still , as usual . int . carter' house , kitchen -- continuous Jimmy scan the cramped kitchen . partygoer be talk , laugh , carry on , make out in the way that partygoer will . Jimmy 's gaze wander mechanically to anther part of the kitchen fall upon the entrance to the live room . the terribly familiar figure , buggerin ' bobby bale , stand tall , proud , talk to several partygoer , the light behind he add a regal air to he menace frame - a transcendent silhouette for a hellish vision . Bobby tower easily over he peer . in he powerful hand he hold a tiny notepad on which he scribbles as he client eagerly place they bet . rj , a young African - american early - twenty - something , easily six foot tall , build like a powerlifter , he wear - out t-shirt do little to hide he powerful frame , appear behind Jimmy . rj you be Jimmy ? Jimmy turn around to face rj . jimmy you be sinjin ? rj rj. sinjin say you would be wearin ' a bookbag . they be back here . 87 jessica move past rj and Jimmy toward the back door . as rj about - face to lead Jimmy out of the kitchen and deeper into the house , we follow jessica outside . ext . carter' house , back porch -- continuous jessica see carlo stand against a post on the back porch drink he Beer . he be surround by several partygoer , but be not talk to any of they . jessica hey . carlo where you be ? jessica talk to Carter . carlo be he gonna help ? jessica he say he would . carlos pull a pint of whiskey out of he back pocket . carlo look . wanna shot ? jessica accept the whiskey and take a long pull . she hold onto the whiskey without say anything , and carlos do not object . she begin to take in the sight and sound of the party , and notice corey lean against a rusty old wash machine near the keg as pedro hand he another Beer . jessica 's Pov as Corey spot she stand next to carlos . he continue to stare at jessica , clearly take by the sight of she , he eye lock onto hers . the desperation of they individual struggle be lose for a moment . pedro you want I to talk to she ? the moment quickly pass as Corey turn he attention back to pedro . corey no . pedro Si . so let 's go fix the tire on the mustang . 88 Corey attention be again draw to the ping pong game , and jessica take note . carlo ( to jessica ) you wanna play ? carlos motion toward the large kitchen window . jessica turn to look through it . int . carter' house , kitchen -- continuous jessica and carlos be stare through the window at the card game take place at the kitchen table . heather and allison be back at it with the male partygoer they be play with earlier , as well as card player , who have recently join they . Heather be smoking a cigarette . Card player be deal a round of asshole . all be visibly drunk . heather ( examine she card ) what 's dickhead do ? I know he be lie . jessica turn toward the step lead out onto the back yard , and carlos follow . Heather and Card player each place one card face - down on the table , exchange one for the other . heather ( cont 'd ) ( to Card player ) this be you best card ? card player I be not happy about it . heather shut up and drink , asshole . ( to allison ) I should call he . Card player obey and drink . allison he say he will be here . heather he 's probably get that tess on all four , fuck the shit out of she like the skank she be . ( think about it ) no , you be right , fuck he . ( throw three four down on the table face - up ) drink . Fucking everyone drink . 89 all obey Heather . int . carter' house , jerry's bedroom -- continuous we recognize the room as Jerry 's old bedroom , empty except for a bed stripped of it 's sheet , a naked pillow , a beat - up dresser with a small tv on top of it , and a few poster and scrap of trash that have be leave behind . jimmy and rj be look across the room at sinjin , a young African - american male about rj 's age , with a average build , sharply dress in a button -down , and sport coat . sinjin have he back to Jimmy , and be bounce up and down on a rusty old pogo stick - he behavior constitute a sharp contrast to he stylish thread . louie , a overweight , slobbish caucasian male a few year older than sinjin , sit in a rickety old wheelchair that might creak even more than sinjin 's pogo stick - in louie 's lap rest a bowling ball bag . upon see sinjin and louie , Jimmy fondle he water bottle nervously . he turn around to watch rj close the door behind they . louie sinjin ! sinjin spin on the pogo stick and spot rj and Jimmy stand at the entrance . sinjin lose he balance and place a foot on the ground . he step off the pogo stick and compose himself after he exhaustive venture . sinjin Mr. pizzaman ! what 's up ? ( refer to Jimmy 's backpack ) get any calzone in there ? sinjin toss the pogo stick aside . sinjin ( cont 'd ) ( be the pogo stick ) it 's harder than it look . sinjin turn the garbage can over and sit on it while motion to the bed . sinjin ( cont 'd ) ( comfortably , to Jimmy ) sit down , man , sit down . rj walk over to lock the door as Jimmy inch closer into the room . rj yo , door do not lock . 90 sinjin well you get to stand you big muthafuckin ' ass outside then , ' cause be not nobody comin ' in here . everybody look at rj. rj I do not give a shit . rj step out and shut the door behind he . sinjin alright . Jimmy , sit down , sit down . Jimmy be clearly uncomfortable at the sight of this two . jimmy I like to stand usually . sinjin alright . I be sinjin . that legless waste be louie . louie I get leg little massey muthafucka . jimmy ( to sinjin ) I think it be gonna be just I a ' you . sinjin it be . do not be worryin' louie - he 's just here to have a good time . ext . carter' house , front yard -- night emily be stand on the front step , wonder whether to continue outside or head back inside . she 's completely out of place here among the older crowd . female partygoer 1 and a partygoer appear behind she in the doorway behind she . female partygoer 1 Excuse I . Emily politely move down to the bottom of the stair and step aside . she watch as female partygoer 1 and the partygoer pass by she into the front yard . ext . carter' house , back yard -- night corey and pedro climb off the back porch toward the ping pong table . barne and ping pong player 1 be just finish a point , which barne take easily , as ping pong player 2 wait he turn . barne 91 be skinny but attractive , and have a even more attractive barne ' girlfriend watch he play . pedro what the hell be you do ? we get shit to do mehn , important shit . ping pong player 1 step back and note Corey approach . ping pong player 1 Corey ! hey , come beat this asshole ! barne hey , nineteen - ten , let 's go . ping pong player 1 screw it , you win again . play Corey . barne c'mon . becker can not beat I . ping pong player 1 ( to barne ' girlfriend , hand Corey he paddle ) watch this . Corey step to the table opposite barne , confident , but unenthusiastic . Corey be not play for the fun of it - somewhere deep down Corey want to remind himself that he 's good at something . barne toss the ping pong ball to Corey . barne you serve , becker . Corey 's first serve be wick - fast and spin wildly . barne have no chance . barne ' girlfriend not too good , baby . pedro stand alongside and watch silently , pensive , he mind distraught over they larger dilemma . corey go find Mitch . pedro leave obediently . ext . carter' house , back yard -- night jessica take another pull from the whiskey . carlo be watch attentively . 92 carlo take it easy . you get to go back and watch Katie . jessica do not remind I . please . carlo you sign up for it . jessica it seem like a good idea then ! give some crappy advice every once in a while . I do not think it would be this constant torture , always want to do something , go somewhere . I be so sick of it . carlo some big sister . jessica take another drink and look toward the ping pong table , where Corey be manhandle barne , as ping pong player 1 , ping pong player 2 , barne ' girlfriend and various partygoer look on . int . carter' house , kitchen -- night jimmy walk in from live room look for Bobby . he continue on toward the back door lead out onto the back porch . int . carter' house , carter' bedroom -- night a dense gather of partygoer be pack tight within the confines of Carter 's room , rather small despite be the large bedroom in the house . the collection of partygoer be watch with religious fervor the basketball game play from the modest tv in the room . carter , berubi , aaron and troy be among the crowd . all that gather here have a interest in the game , but none as much as buggerin ' bobby bale , who stand back against the far wall though the nobody in the congregation dare venture into he sightline of the television . partygoer yell in unison at various event display on the screen . the door open , and pedro peek into the room . berubi shut the door ! pedro shut the door . int . carter' house , live room -- continuous heather and allison be sit on a couch face each other , very drunk and extremely happy . the coffee table in front of they be fill with plastic cup and liquor bottle , many of which be empty . 93 allison hey ! fuck ... you ! I would never ! heather alright , alright ! you little slut ! I get one for you ! ( point to someone off camera ) right over there in front of the door ! look down the hallway outside Jerry 's bedroom we see rj stand against the door . he do not notice the girl look at he from the live room . allison ( thoughtfully ) well , he 's get a nice body . he 's a little scary look ... he scare I . heather you like it , too , you little slut ! allison whatever ! you be the slut ! heather no ! no ! alright , okay , yeah ! maybe ! ( grab a bottle of vodka and a Cup ) bring he a drink ! allison grab for the vodka , but Heather do not let go . heather ( cont 'd ) ( motherly tone ) no , ally , this one be for I . you take that handsome boy one of this other ... ( pick up and put down various empty liquor bottle before finally grab a bottle of tequila with a bit leave ) ... take he this ! allison do we have any yogurt leave ? heather I think so . Heather take another hit of vodka . ext . carter' house , side yard -- night jimmy have he cell phone to he ear , wait for voicemail , anxious . 94 jimmy Bobby , where the hell be you ? I gotta talk to you . call I back right away . Jimmy hang up and take a moment to think about he option . ext . carter' house , back yard -- night corey and barne be continue to play as ping pong player 1 , ping pong player 2 , barne ' girlfriend and various partygoer continue to watch . in the background , jessica pace back and forth as carlo sit on the ground indian - style watch the partygoer on the back porch . carlos take a shot of whiskey . ext . carter' house , front yard -- night emily stand against the garage door , keep to herself . int . carter' house , live room -- continuous allison have she head back on the couch as heather light a cigarette . mitch approach the lady with a Beer in he hand . Mitch be a staunch thirty - something mechanic with a beer -gut , dress in Levis overall , and wear a backwards baseball cap and a beard that together hide much of he head . mitch ( primarily to Heather ) hey girl , what be you drink ? heather vodka . mitch what be you mixing it with ? heather vodka . mitch really ? a little girl like you . you think I might get you to share a little of that ? heather I do not know . there 's not much leave . mitch if you do something nice for I , I might do something nice for you . heather I be not that kind of girl . 95 mitch no? ( regard allison ) how about you friend here ? allison oh , now you want to talk to I ? while Mitch be search for a answer , a familiar voice cut over the background noise . pedro ( o.s. ) Mitch ! there you be ! pedro be approach from the kitchen carry a nearly - full Beer . Mitch seem a bit disappointed to see he . mitch hey . pedro we be outside by the wood . we get the mustang , mehn . it 's beautiful . mitch yeah , I will be out in a minute . allison I feel nauseous . mitch ( to Heather and allison , regard pedro ) this be pedro . we work together ' till last week . pedro ( to Mitch ) vamo , this girl be not interested in you . mitch ( dumbfounded ) pedro ... what the fuck ... pedro come on , mehn . come check out the mustang . pedro leave and Mitch follow . allison oh shit , I think I be gonna be sick . 96 allison plop down on all four , and begin vomit violently . Heather kneel down next to allison and pull she hair back so it do not get hit by the vomit . heather that 's nasty . allison have a few more convulsion . allison fuck you . heather wanna wash you mouth out ? allison sit up , fix she hair , then grab the vodka from Heather . allison take a mouthful , rinse , and spit . allison then take a drink . heather ( cont 'd ) my God , ally . ext . carter' house , back yard -- continuous pedro and mitch make they way into the back yard towards the ping pong table . ping pong player 1 , ping pong player 2 , barne ' girlfriend and various partygoer be gather around corey and barne . Corey function mechanically - he mind be not on the game . barne be openly frustrated as Corey finish he off . barne one more . ping pong player 2 ( reach for barne ' racket ) let someone else play , barne . barne ( to ping pong player 2 ) you guy suck - he will be at the table all night . ping pong player 1 so let he beat someone else . Corey notice Mitch stand next to pedro . corey you be Mitch ? mitch Nice to meet ya . 97 corey ( toss he racket to other side the table in front of ping pong player 2 ) follow I . Corey head toward the mustang , and pedro and Mitch follow . ping pong player 2 ( want to play Corey ) where you go becker ? int . carter' house , carter' bedroom -- night partygoer yell in unison at various event display on the screen . jimmy be off to the side of the room talk to bobby . bobby you know I do not get involved with that shit . you sell you drug and pay what you owe . jimmy that 's what I be do ! Bob , just listen to I ! I be sell , but it 's sinjin . bobby sayeed 's little brother ? jimmy yes. and louie and rj . Fucking three guy . bobby one of them 's a cripple . do not make such a big deal . jimmy a cripple ' cause he get shot ! all I want you to do be just sit there ! bobby fuckin ' sit there and what ? pull my fuckin ' cock ... jimmy ( interrupt ) and nothin ' ! goddamit fuckin ' Bob , I will handle everything . everything . you just sit you big fuckin ' ass there , it will be enough . they will not fuck with you , bein ' in prison and shit . 98 bobby Jimmy , I be not in a mood to help you right now . I really be not . you be wreckin ' my livelihood . soon no one pay I . and I fuckin ' help you ? you be a thorn in my ball . jimmy look Bobby , alright , I tell them I have a partner , that 's you . you be gonna help I now or you be not . and if you do not , I be a little fuck . bobby what the hell 's the matter with you ? what the fuck be go on in you head ? you comin ' to I , knowin ' I be piss at you , and what for . Jimmy be lose it , he grip on reality . he 's drown , grasp for anything that float . jimmy Jesus , Bobby , I will owe you . alright ? I will owe you . just help I out here . help I . ext . carter' house , front yard -- night emily be stand with she back to the garage door talk to male partygoer 1 , a average size boy about Corey 's age . male partygoer 1 how come I have not see you before ? do you go to athen ? emily I still go there . I be a freshman . male partygoer 1 really ? I graduate last year . you know anyone my year ? emily my brother . Corey . becker . male partygoer 1 oh yeah , I know becker . he drop out we senior year , though . he 's you bro ? emily unfortunately . male partygoer 1 yeah , he 's kind of a loser . 99 emily ( defend she brother ) so what be you ? change the subject , male partygoer 1 pull a couple of white tablet out of he pocket . male partygoer 1 ever try this ? emily yeah ... male partygoer 1 hand a Tablet to Emily , but she wait to see how male partygoer 1 take it , which he do by bite it in half and chase it with he drink . Emily take male partygoer 1 's drink and do the same . int . derek' police car -- night derek be travel on a busy road , with the siren of he Police car activate . car be pull over to let he pass , but it be take some time . he pull out he cell phone and punch in some number . int . carter' house , kitchen -- continuous the room be crowded with partygoer . the cordless phone be ringing , and drunk partygoer answer it , clearly drunk . we cut back and forth between derek and drunk partygoer . drunk partygoer ( yell above the noise ) who be this ?! derek a friend 'a Carter 's . drunk partygoer oh , yeah , Carter ! he 's here ! somewhere ! derek tell he the cop be come . there 's be several noise complaint . drunk partygoer what ?! derek the cop be come ! tell Carter ! drunk partygoer oh yeah ! okay , I get it ! cop be comin ' ! tell Carter ! who be this ?! 100 derek a friend 'a Carter 's ! drunk partygoer oh yeah , you already say that ! drunk partygoer hang up and turn over to a couple of other partygoer . drunk partygoer ( cont 'd ) ( to partygoer ) cop be comin ' ! I be tellin' Carter . the other partygoer be not impressed - they continue to sit and drink . drunk partygoer lose focus and rejoin they . ext . carter' house , back yard -- night corey and mitch barter over the mustang , though Mitch seem more interested in he Beer than the car . pedro be put the last touch on put on the new tire . he pick the flat tire up and toss it in the trunk . corey it 's a good car . mitch it 's alright . I would have to ask Jeremy . what do you want for it ? corey make a offer . mitch twelve hundred . corey twelve hundred ! that 's nothing ! mitch look , there 's a lotta shit that Jeremy 's gotta do with it . it 's not like he can just switch the fuckin ' plate and it 's a go . pedro coo , we get throw outta we apartment ! we need more money ! mitch steal some more car . I will see what I can do . Mitch polish off he beer and hold the empty cup up . 101 mitch ( cont 'd ) you want another ? ext . carter' house , back yard -- night aaron and troy step out onto the back porch and spot jessica and carlo . upon see they , carlos stand straight up . carlo Aaron 's here . jessica , still pace , stop in she track and turn around beside carlos . it 's too late to gracefully exit , so carlos stand there freeze . jessica do not seem afraid . Aaron and Troy approach . it 's clear Troy do not really want to be there . aaron ( to carlos ) hey guy . carlo hey . aaron you like talk to my girl ? carlo Aaron , I do not mean nothin' . aaron no ? just friend ? carlo yeah . aaron what 's the matter , do not like she that way ? carlos painfully do not answer . jessica , unfaze , take another hit of whiskey . jessica be confident because of the booze and because of Carter 's promise . jessica and Aaron begin argue in calm " I be above this " mannerism . aaron ( cont 'd ) ( to carlos ) go 'head , take she home . fuck 'er brain out . she will give you a little surprise . carlos simply stand there , ashamed of he inability to act . 102 jessica fuck you , I be clean . you be the cheatin ' asshole with bump on you cock . aaron ( to Troy ) hold this . Aaron hand he beer to Troy and then grab the whiskey jessica be hold . jessica flinch as if afraid Aaron would hit she . aaron ( cont 'd ) better wipe this off good . you never know . Aaron use he shirt to vigorously rub the mouth of the bottle before take a long pull . the whiskey be almost go . jessica grab back the whiskey , wipe it off as Aaron do , and polish it off . aaron ( cont 'd ) you be good at that . you ready yet to go bang some dude ? maybe carlos here ? jessica fuck you . I be go to get Carter , and he 's gonna kick you ass . aaron Carter be not gonna kick shit . jessica we will see , right ? jessica move to leave , but Aaron grab she arm . aaron hold on a minute ... jessica smashes the bottle over Aaron 's head , knock Aaron to the floor in a daze . jessica that 's for the pepper spray , asshole ! the partygoer in the back yard be now fix on jessica and Aaron . carter run over , hold he cigar and a Beer . berubi be behind Carter , eager for a fight . carter what 's goin ' on ? troy she smashed a whiskey bottle over he head . 103 jessica he grab I ! I be not gonna sit and wait until he hit I again ! he can just keep he fuckin ' hand off I ! carter he grab she ? Troy shrug he shoulder . troy I guess so . it be not a big deal . aaron ( recover , to jessica ) you be dead . jessica see ? carter jess , you hit he with a bottle ? jessica before he fuck hit I ! aaron ( to Carter ) look , I be not get no problem with you . carter Fine . you touch she , and I promise she I would beat the livin ' piss outta you . I will do it . Lay off . Aaron sit up against a tree , he hand to he head . Carter start to leave . carlos feel even more ashamed that Carter step in and do something that carlos do not have the courage to do himself . berubi ( to Aaron ) you be lucky . jessica grab Carter by the shirt . jessica Carter , what the hell ?! you say you be gonna kick he ass ! carter I say I would step in if he hit you , and he 's not gonna hit you . 104 jessica this be fuckin ' bullshit ! jessica wind up and stomp Aaron in the groin . Aaron growl in pain and double over . troy ( in awe of jessica 's ferociousness ) woe , dude . carter ( to jessica ) jessica ! what the fuck be you do ?! jessica if you be not man enough to do what you say , I will ! carter jess , I be not gettin ' into this ! I be sicka ' this bullshit with you ! you bring this shit on yourself ! ( to Aaron ) do not touch she . Carter leave , follow by berubi . jessica watch they leave . she turn down to Aaron . jessica you know what ? I do not need Carter . what be you gonna do , tough guy ? aaron ( still recover ) why do not you give I a minute and see ? jessica fuck you , you have you minute . jessica storm toward carlos ' car , and carlos follow . int . carter' house , live room -- night allison be lie on she back on the couch with she head in heather 's lap . Heather be stroking allison 's hair . they be both obliterate and just stutter away . heather I be all talk . I can not cheat on derek . I love derek . it 's just that he make I so mad . and that make I a psycho . every time a girl lose she temper , she 's a 105 fuck psycho . can not I be upset without be a psycho ? can not I just be mad ? allison it 's just every time you find a woman near derek , you go absolutely nut . heather let 's not use the word nut , alright ? allison you know what I mean . heather yeah , well , do not say nut . allison alright , you be mighty , mighty ... not very nice when another girl be near you boyfriend . heather do not say nut , do not say psycho , do not - allison ( interrupt ) I do not say that thing . heather yes you do ! yes you do ! allison what I mean , I do not mean they . I mean that I do not mean they . that I do not mean to say they . heather well , what do you mean ? allison I do not know . I mean , you get so angry , it 's a little scary . allison sit up on the couch . Heather sit up directly face allison , she hand on allison 's lap . allison ( cont 'd ) I get scared when you get all angry . you get so mad sometimes , you start do thing , say thing to hurt people . around you . 106 heather ( start to cry ) oh , I do not mean to ! I would never say anything to hurt you , ally ! allison ( also start to cry ) I know . deep down , I know . but you get so angry ... heather I be so sorry ! oh , you be right ! I be a psycho ! a rotten-bitch -psycho ! I scare you - ally - who would never hurt anyone or , or anything ! allison it 's alright , I know you do not mean it ! Heather hug allison , who hug back . both be bawling as they embrace . heather I do not mean it ! you be my best friend ! my sister ! I love you so much ! allison no , maybe you should not . maybe I do not deserve it ! heather you deserve it ! you be so perfect ! allison do not say that ! I be not , I be not ! heather yes you be ! wide on Heather and allison . the noise of the party drown out they conversation . allison be whisper forcefully into Heather 's ear . Heather be listen , but can not hear . we see she lip form the word " what ? " allison continue whisper , and Heather 's face become furious . she push allison back . heather ( cont 'd ) you fuck slut ! Heather shove allison hard off the couch . as allison stumble roughly and attempt to recover , partygoer , mostly guy , gather around , cheer wildly . Heather kick furiously at allison , who be on all four employ the turtle defense . we catch a glimpse of allison 's face - she be in utter panic . Heather 's foot catch allison square in the face , knock she limp . 107 most of the crowd have stop cheer . Heather continue to kick at allison 's limp body , and two skinny guy pull Heather away . Heather shake they off and leave in a huff , while everyone be tend to allison . int . carter' house , hallway -- moment later heather , visibly psychotic , and still very drunk , be make a beeline straight for rj , who show no sign of notice Heather until she be directly in front of he . heather ( point to berubi 's bedroom ) wanna take I in there and fuck my brain out ? rj sure , I do not give a shit . heather Fucking great , let 's go . Heather head towards berubi 's bedroom , and rj follow , pass jimmy and buggerin ' bobby bale . Jimmy look back at rj as he pass . int . carter' house , jerry's bedroom -- continuous Jimmy reenter the room he retreat from earlier , with Bobby in tow . the room be empty . bobby what the fuck Jimmy ? jimmy just hold on . Jimmy step further into the room and stand pensive as Bobby take a seat . Bobby light up a cigarette . bobby I can not figure you Jimmy . sinjin ( o.s. ) where the fuck be rj ? the door burst open again with a violent thrash , and louie fire into view on he wheelchair with sinjin push from behind . louie take it easy you stupid motherfucker ! 108 sinjin kick the door shut with the back of he foot and wheel louie into the room . louie be hold a half - full bottle of jack daniel in he hand , the bowling ball bag still in he lap . sinjin this you partner ? jimmy where you be ? sinjin just gettin ' a drink , Jimmy . you take long enough . sinjin wheel louie in a haphazard , indirect arc somehow close on the center of the room . the doorknob rattles . sinjin ( cont 'd ) ( to louie ) think that shit do not lock . sinjin be stare at the door , but louie be pre-occuppy . louie ( to Bobby ) you be buggerin ' Bobby bale . bobby Excuse I you cripple motherfucker ? louie buggerin ' Bobby bale . sayeed know you . bobby call I that again . louie take a strong pull from the bottle of Jack . sinjin louie , shut the fuck up . let 's just do this . louie call you what again ? what everyone call you ? bobby yeah . call I that . louie buggerin ' Bobby bale . Bobby stand , toss he cigarette aside , and march toward louie . sinjin knowingly loose he grip on the wheelchair and step back . 109 sinjin Bobby , let 's relax now . louie may be a fool ... Bobby grab louie by the collar and throw he from the wheelchair . Louis land heavily on he crippled frame , daze , the bowl Ball bag dribble onto the floor near sinjin . Bobby grab the wheelchair in both hand and begin smash it against the wall and into the floor . as Jimmy and sinjin watch , dumbfounded , the large clay lawn dwarf we see earlier burst trough the window and land in the center of the room . everyone stop to stare at the lawn dwarf , include Bobby . ext . carter' house , front yard -- night jessica storm through the yard toward carlos ' car . carlo be right behind . jessica where would we park ? carlo over here . carlos begin walk over to he car , and jessica walk alongside . jessica be clearly drunk . pass by a now high emily back up against a tree stare off into nowhere as male partygoer 1 kiss she neck , they arrive at carlos ' car . carlos walk over to the driver - side door , but jessica walk immediately over to the trunk . carlo ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? get in . jessica open the trunk . carlo jess , let 's get out of here . jessica I want you bat . carlo screw that . jessica I be gonna finish what I start . I be gonna knock he tooth out . carlo let 's just go home . jessica carlos , open the trunk ! 110 carlos grudgingly obey . he walk back to the trunk and insert he key , then lift up . jessica reach in and grab a wooden baseball bat . she shut the trunk and look over to the house . aaron walk through Carter 's front door and step onto the porch , troy right behind . Aaron be hold a bag of frozen vegetable to he head in the area where jessica hit he with the whiskey bottle . he spot carlos and jessica , and walk deliberately toward they . carlo get in the car . jessica I be stay , and so be you , so shut up . carlos swallow he pride , too yellow to push the point . Aaron move toward jessica very quickly , but a look at the bat jessica be hold make Aaron keep he distance . jessica ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? be not you gonna put I in my place ? aaron ( calming down ) why do not you put that down . jessica because I be gonna use it to bash you head in . aaron you really want to do that ? jessica you really wanna make I ? aaron you be gonna do what you be gonna do , like always . jessica what the hell 's that suppose to mean ? aaron let I show you something . can I show you ? jessica what ? 111 aaron ( inching closer to jessica and beginning to loosen he pants ) I just wanna show you something . jessica stand back and hold the bat in a cocked position . jessica no more 'a this shit , Aaron . just stand back there . I will bash you with this , I swear . Aaron drop the frozen vegetable to the ground and loosen he pants . aaron look , just hold on . I wanna show you this . I get it a little while ago , for you birthday . Aaron lower the leave side of he pants to reveal a scarring tattoo , which be place above and to the side of he groin . jessica look closer . Troy , uncomfortable and not want to be there , light up another cigarette . aaron ( cont 'd ) can you see it ? jessica what the hell be it ? aaron it 's J. H. C . I get it for you birthday . jessica ( not know what to say ) bullshit . aaron will you come closer and look ? Troy , tell she . troy ( to jessica ) it 's you initial . I tell he it be stupid . jessica lower the bat and walk cautiously up to Aaron . she attempt to read the tattoo , which be difficult because of the low light and the scarring . aaron you like it , do not you ? I know you would . 112 jessica you be a idiot . aaron I know . jessica touch the tattoo . jessica do that hurt ? aaron no . try whack it with the bat . jessica laugh as Aaron smile . Troy be bored . carlos be miserable . jessica stand up in front of Aaron , hold the bat loosely by she side , unsure of what to do . Aaron gently grab jessica around the elbow and pull she close . he put he arm around she and hug she loosely . aaron ( cont 'd ) can we just forget about this ? jessica yes . Aaron hug jessica tightly as she drop the bat and hug back . aaron happy birthday . jessica thank you . ext . carter' house , front yard -- night emily , she back up against a tree , continue make out with a aggressive male partygoer 1 . as male partygoer 1 come up for air , we see that he have a hand down Emily 's pants , finger she . Emily 's mind be somewhere else . Emily snap back to reality and remove male partygoer 1 's hand and push he away from she - she will not become another slut in a town full of they . male partygoer 1 hey , what 's wrong ? Emily make for the front door and into the house . ext . carter' house , back yard -- night mitch have refill he Beer and patiently wait for a counteroffer from corey . 113 corey how about two thousand even ? impatient with the proceedings , pedro walk over to the passenger door of the mustang , swing it open , and lean inside , struggle a bit . mitch can not do it . corey why not ? mitch it 's not economically ... ( search for the word ) good , right , sound , whatever . pedro reappear from the backseat , hold a expensive stereo . pedro okay , give we two thousand and I give you this nice stereo for free . mitch where the hell you get that ? corey yeah , what the hell be that ?! pedro ( to Mitch ) it be in the car . mitch I do not want a stereo . pedro you can have it for free , mehn . mitch where 's the speaker ? pedro in the back . Corey walk over , open the door and look in the back . his gaze fall upon a item on the floor in the back seat area . pedro ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. ) this stereo 's a motherfucker , mehn , I be tell you . I be gonna keep it myself . 114 Corey pull out from the back seat of the mustang hold a large red and blue police light . he be dumbfounded . Corey look to pedro for a explanation . pedro ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? corey I think you would tell I ! mitch it look like police cherries . corey it can not be . mitch look fella , I would like to help you out , but I be not into buy steal cop car . it do not seem right somehow . Corey and pedro struggle for a explanation , but be leave speechless . ext . carter' house , back yard -- night jessica and aaron be lean against a random partygoer 's car . they look very calm . jessica I do not cheat . aaron Fine , you say so , fine . jessica that 's it ? aaron well what the hell can I do ? there 's nothin' . I get you goddam initial tattoo would next to my ball . jessica it be a stupid thing to do . aaron you do not like it ?! jessica well of course I like it ! but what if we break up ? 115 aaron yeah , I think about that . I will say it 's for Jesus H. Christ . jessica great . then you could start go to church . two police car pull onto the lawn to break up the party , both car flash they red and blue light . troy approach jessica and Aaron . troy cops're here . I be goin' . aaron ( to jessica ) you need a lift ? jessica okay . int . carter' house , back yard -- continuous corey , pedro and mitch notice a police car contain police officer 1 and police officer 2 as it pull into the back yard . pedro be still hold the stereo . partygoer carry on , barely concerned that the police be break up the party . Police Officer 2 spot the mustang hitched to the tow truck , a look of know recognition on he face . police officer 2 I will be fuck ... corey ( stare at the light ) pedro , get in the truck . pedro oh shit ... Police Officer 1 speak into the c.b. police officer 1 hey Janice , tell Tim I find he car . from far off , Corey understand from the manner that the police officer have focus on the mustang that they have be spot . corey pedro , let 's get the hell outta here ! Police Officer 2 rush out of the car , follow by Police Officer 1 . 116 pedro turn to Mitch . pedro coge , keep this . pedro practically throw the stereo into Mitch 's stomach . Mitch , completely shocked , drop he Beer and grab the stereo out of instinct . pedro dart for the passenger seat of the tow truck . mitch what the hell be I suppose to do with this ? pedro keep it , mehn ! I gotta go ! corey move to the driver - side door of the tow truck and open it , and climb behind the wheel . pedro climb into the passenger seat . mitch you better bring that truck back ! harvey be piss ! Corey start the tow truck and try to shift it into gear . corey where the hell be first ?! pedro grab the stick shift and throw it into first . pedro drive , pendejo ! Corey hit the gas , and the transmission screech its disapproval . pedro ( cont 'd ) mehn , use the clutch ! corey shit ! where ! the tow truck conk out . corey ( cont 'd ) goddammit ! pedro we be fuck ! pedro open the door and jump out . Corey remain seat , freeze , hand on the dashboard . police officer 1 quickly overtake pedro and throw he to the ground . police officer 2 rush over to the tow truck and point he gun at Corey . 117 police officer 2 out of the truck , asshole ! int . carter' house , berubi be bedroom -- night heather and rj be in berubi 's bedroom . Heather be on top of rj , and the sex be extremely rough . Heather notice the red and blue light continue flash on the curtain , stare , entrance by they . rj look up to see what she 's stare at . rj what the fuck ?! Heather do not respond as she continue bounce up and down on top of rj . ext . carter' house , back yard -- night corey get out of the truck , hand in the air . police officer 1 handcuff pedro . police officer 2 take out he handcuff , spin Corey around by he arm , and throw he roughly against the tow truck , cuffing he hand behind he back . in the background , mitch quietly place the stereo on the ground and begin walk indiscreetly toward the street . int . carter' house , jerry's bedroom -- continuous Pov on jimmy , bobby , sinjin and louie stare at the wall opposite the door . Bobby be still hold what 's leave of louie 's wheelchair . sinjin throw he hand up in disgust / disbelief . we see what they be stare at - kwon be climb clumsily through the window . a large gun fall heavily to the floor and kwon fall in after it . sinjin kwon ! what the fuck be you doin ' ? kwon grab he gun and stand up , slightly out of breath from he climb . kwon that be my drug . Jimmy watch , powerless . sinjin I just buy this . kwon from who ? ( point he gun at Jimmy ) 118 Jimmy ? I be not here to argue . just gimme my drug . sinjin alright , hold on . slow down a second . what be this shit , Jimmy ? kwon tell he , Jimmy . &gt ; from o.s. a chinese stress ball hit kwon in the forehead . daze , kwon can only blink he eye try to gather he sense . Bobby stare at kwon a moment before landing he large fist square on kwon 's nose , knock he empty -hande and on he ass beside sinjin . sinjin stand up to get between Bobby and kwon . sinjin alright everybody calm the fuck down ! this shit 's gettin ' outta hand - bang ! everybody freeze as the sound and smoke of a gunshot linger , then check to make sure they be not hit . as doorknob start rattling with increase intensity , everyone check to make sure they be not hit , then turn to the source of the gunshot . louie be hold the gun as he lay on he side , have scramble to grab the gun . the door burst open - it 's rj , out of breath . ext . carter' house , back yard -- continuous police officer 1 be use one hand to hold onto pedro , still handcuffed , by he upper arm , and the other hand to unlock and open the rear driver side door of he police car . police officer 2 watch as he keep hold of corey by he handcuff . police officer 2 ( to Police Officer 1 ) Holy shit , you hear that ? the two officer hasten they action . Police Officer 1 lower pedro into the Police car , then move to the front seat of the vehicle and grab the c.b. police officer 1 this be unit one five seven . shot fire at 15 saddlebrook . repeat , shot fire at 15 saddlebrook . request backup immediately . int . police car -- continuous Police Officer 2 shove Corey into the police car next to pedro . Corey and pedro sit in the rear of the police car , and Police Officer 2 slam the door . through the windshield we see Police 119 Officer 2 run toward the house as he draw he pistol . he move up the porch past ... ext . carter' house , back porch -- night derek walk up the step onto the back porch as partygoer move out of the house away from the sound of the gunshot . he notice police officer 2 behind he . derek you call that in ? police officer 2 ( move up the porch and into the house ) we should get everybody out of the house . heather ( o.s. ) ( friendly ) derek ? derek and Police Officer 2 turn to see heather walk onto the back porch from the kitchen . derek Heather , go home . this be gonna get - Heather interrupt derek 's statement with a swift , unexpected knee to derek 's groin . derek double over , and Heather grab he by the hair . police officer 2 hey ! Police Officer 2 shove Heather to the ground , grab derek 's handcuff , and cuff she hand behind she . derek be still stunne from the assault . police officer 2 ( cont 'd ) derek , you alright ? allison , who have be stand back watch the assault , approach Heather , who be get up onto she knee . allison get on she knee and hug Heather , who can not hug back because of the handcuffs . allison be bawling . allison I be so sorry , Heather , I be so sorry . Heather be shutting she eye extremely tightly , struggle not to cry . she do not attempt to pull away from allison 's tight embrace . 120 int . carter' house , jerry's bedroom -- night sinjin march straight toward louie , who wear the pathetic look of a child about to be discipline . sinjin louie ! what the fuck be you shootin ' at ? louie ( point at bobby ) him ! bobby you miss . sinjin gimme that motherfuckin ' gun . sinjin grab the gun from louie . kwon be sit up , still daze , hold a handkerchief to stem the flow of blood stream out of he nose . rj cops're here . sinjin turn to inspect the room , contemplate the situation . he walk toward Jimmy 's backpack . rj ( cont 'd ) we should go , sinjin . sinjin ( facetious ) I be not sure about that , rj ! let 's break out the chalk board , some X 's and o 's , a ' make fer certain ! ( take command ) just toss louie out the fuckin ' window ! kwon sinjin , that be my drug . sinjin ( hold out the backpack ) this be my drug , ( point at the bowling ball bag ) that 's you money . louie ( to rj ) easy motherfucker ! 121 rj drop louie out the window like a sack of bird seed , louie be follow by the remain of he wheelchair , then by rj himself . kwon stand up and grab the bowl ball bag . kwon that 's my gun , too . sinjin ( head out the window after rj ) I will send it ups . sinjin disappear out the window . Bobby be about to follow , but turn back toward Jimmy . bobby you owe I . Bobby exit . kwon stand over Jimmy . kwon ( forebode ) I will see you around , Jimmy . Jimmy watch as kwon exit out the window . ext . carter' house , back yard -- continuous most of the partygoer be clear out of the house move toward they car , but some of the more curious straggler be gather around on the back porch , wonder what happen . police officer 1 be encourage everyone to leave . police officer 1 everybody clear outta here . female partygoer 2 there be a gunshot . female partygoer 3 ( point back toward the bedroom ) over there . police officer 1 we have get it . clear outta here . Police Officer 1 enter the house , pass carlo among the crowd make it 's way out of the house . he walk across the back yard with he keys in he hand . he glance down at he shoe a moment as he spot jessica , aaron and troy approach . jimmy enter and move across the frame toward he piece-of - shit park in the rear of the back yard . 122 jessica ( to carlos ) hey . what happen in there ? carlo I just hear a gunshot and everybody 's jettin' . probably more cop will be here soon . ( regard Aaron ) be you goin ' with he ? jessica yeah . troy c'mon , let 's get outta here . jessica ( to carlos ) be you alright ? you okay to drive ? carlo ( weakly ) yeah , I will be fine . I be fine , I mean . I will see you . jessica call I tomorrow . carlos walk off toward he car , and jessica , Aaron and Troy walk toward Troy 's car . int . carter' house , jerry's old bedroom -- continuous police officer 2 be look through Jerry 's old bedroom , notice the hole in the wall . we can hear police officer 1 knock on the bathroom door in the hallway . police officer 1 ( o.s. ) anybody in there ? open up ! this be the police ! we be clear everybody out ! we move past Police Officer 2 out into the hallway toward the noise ... int . carter' house , hallway -- continuous policer Officer 1 be open the bathroom door , gun raise , and be stop dead in he track by what he see ... int . carter' house , bathroom -- continuous two leg be hang out the side of the bathtub , belong to a girl whose the rest of whose body be obscure from view . 123 Police Officer 1 drop he gun to he side and step into the bathroom , stare down into the bathtub . Police Officer 2 walk up into the bathroom , notice the bullet hole in the wall just beside the mirror . police officer 2 oh man ... we see what they do - emily be lie back across the width of the bathtub , eye open but utterly vacant , a gunshot wound through she cheek just below she cheekbone . int . carter' house , hallway -- moment later carter be move from the live room toward the bedroom . police officer 1 stop he . police officer 1 you can not come back here . carter whadda ya mean I can not go back there . this be my house ! Carter be persistent , and Police Officer 1 put he hand up against Carter . int . carter' house , live room -- moment later some of the straggler be still scattered throughout the side of the house opposite the bedroom and bathroom . berubi be forcefully wave they out of the house . carter ( o.s. ) get you fuck hand off I ! berubi get the fuck out ! get the fuck out ! get the fuck out ! the straggler exit out the front door . ext . carter' house , front yard -- continuous straggler be head out the front door , join the other partygoer in look for they car . ext . carter' house , back yard -- continuous straggler be head out the back door , join the other partygoer in look for they car , and for they friend . a few partygoer remain continue to loiter in group scattered sparsely throughout the yard . 124 ext . carter' house -- night heather be seat in the back of a police car with she hand cuffed behind she back . int . police car -- continuous Heather 's body be contort to she side to relieve the discomfort cause by the handcuff . through the window face Carter 's house we see a figure approach . as the figure near , we recognize derek , seemingly recover from he earlier thrashing . Heather do not notice derek as he near the door . derek open the door . Heather look up at he . heather get away from I . derek pull Heather from the police car , and the exhaust Heather give only nominal resistance . derek unlock she handcuffs . Heather turn around . derek you should get out of here before the other officer come back . heather fuck you . Heather walk past derek , and derek do not turn to follow she . Heather notice allison stand several car length away . allison have she arm cross across she body as if she be hugging herself for warmth , both she and Heather 's purse strapped over she shoulder , she keys dangle from she hand . Heather begin walk slowly towards allison , pass by ... ext . carter' house , back yard -- continuous corey and pedro be seat in the back of the police car . Corey look over at pedro - the look of foolish optimism usually present on pedro 's face have vanish . he look down at the floor of the Police car . through the side window of the Police car we see jessica , aaron , and troy and climb into Troy 's car . Troy be hand Aaron he keys before climb into the back seat . ext . carter' house , back yard -- continuous Aaron be behind the wheel stick the key into the ignition . jessica be in the passenger seat look through she purse for she cigarettes . Troy sit in the back seat , spend . jessica I leave my novel in carlos ' car . 125 aaron you wanna get it ? jessica I will get it tomorrow . we should just get out of here . aaron alright . Aaron start the car as jessica light she cigarette . without warning , as jessica take a drag , Aaron punch jessica square in the jaw . the light cigarette fly out of jessica 's mouth , and jessica fall out of view . Aaron reach down , grab the cigarette and put it in he mouth , still angry . he slowly pull the car out of the back yard and toward the street , pass Jimmy 's piece-of -shit park in the opposite direction . the engine be still off . jimmy be sit still behind the wheel , hand down in he lap , stare straight ahead . pull in and hold on Jimmy . ext . carter' house , back yard -- night establishing shot with the house in focus in the background . a few straggler remain in the backyard , smoking cigarettes , gossipe , stare back at the house , etc . rack focus to a group of straggler in the foreground to the right of the frame , straggler 1 and straggler 2 smoking cigarettes among they . straggler 2 flick he cigarette and lead all of the group except straggler 1 frame leave toward the street . straggler 1 glance back at the house before take a final puff of he cigarette . he stomp it out under he foot and exit frame leave after he buddy . hold on the house out of focus . fade out : the end