gl to '' tompaceciq ~ Little Children Little Children screenplay by Todd field & Tom perrotta base on the novel by Tom perrotta 25 July 2005 fade in : sight & sound of winding movement on various timepiece . tick tock , the rhythm overwhelming : ansonia shelf , wall , mantel , long -case , table , and bracket . each movement open escapement . the hard no of a engine house apter house ~- town after town ~ as see from a train . the strain of a newscast , a anchor woman front and center , supernimpose image behind she , anchor woman it have only be two week since a East adam man , Ronald James mcgorvey | return home from prison after serve a two - year sentence for indecent exposure to a minor . and already a grassroot movement be clamoring to remove he from the community . News b- Roll : badly xeroxed flyer on telephone pole depict a lump man with wiry , thinning hair and a anxious expression . in id script it read : be you child safe ? _ anchor woman the group be call the Committee of concerned Parents . a closer detail on the bottom edge identify the supplier of the flyer as the Committee of concerned Parents . anchor woman Police be advise parent to ... the newscast continue as we widen within a dark livingroom to reveal a man sit in a la-z - boy watch the broadcast . his hand grip a glass of soda and ice . he take a sip . black . complete silence . a legend appear : little child then — woman' voice . my husband and I have a actual spiritual experience ... ext . WALKER STREET playground ~ day pois be theresa , mid-thirty , a pale woman , but in she time a real auty . theresa +;. we be on we vacation in cabo with eight other couple , and this mayan woman ... a goddess , just a goddess ... mary ann , mid-thirty , toothpick - thin , uptight , and clad in catalogue casual . hary ane she 's due in September . she say she 's gonna take three month off , and be back to work before Christmas . please . six month from now she will be right here on this bench with we ... cur to : cheryl , a woman who have the unfortunate habit of end she sentence with a upwardy teenagery question mark . cheryl well , my friend Beth say the way she do it , be to just take he with she every time she go to the bathroom , . mary ann I find that strange . cheryl that 's what I say to Beth . mary ann it 's oedipal . theresa . what 's the rush ? although , I will say when I be potty training Christian ? I open the diaper and it be huge , like a grow man . snatch of the woman talk begin a slow diminuendo , as they shift to the subject of pre-schools . on the bench opposite the woman be sarah pierce , 30 . it be through Sarah 's ear that we have be introduce to this lady . and because of this , we idea of they may be less than kind . as we push in on she — a new voice emerge . if 1s , calm , and non - sudgmental , in short , grown -up . voice smiling politely to mask a familiar feel of desperation , Sarah remind herself to think like a anthropologist . she be a researcher study behavior of typical suburban woman . she be not a typical suburban woman herself , cheryl John and I be have sex the other night , and I drift off right in the middle of it . theresa | ochuckle sympathetically } tt happen . cheryl I guess . but when I wake up and apologize ? he say he have ant even notice . mary ann | you know what you should de ? set aside a specific block of time for make love . that 's what Lewis and I do . every Tuesday night at nine o'clock . voice whether you want to or not , Sarah think , she eye straying over to the play area ... christian , theresa 's son , pummel Mary Ann ' 's cower troy and - Cheryl 's courtney show Mary Ann 's isabelle she dora the explorer underpant . voice even at such a tiny playground as this , Lucy do not interact much with the other child , Sarah 's three - year- old daughter lucy , stand alone near the top of the slide . she appear to talk to herself . Sarah take she in . voice Sarah do not really know why they even bother come here , except that she would probably go crazy , trap in the house all day with this unknowable little person . close on a watch face . the second hand sweep past twelve ... voice Morning snack time wag ten thirty on the dot . a regimen establish and maintain by Mary Ann ... mary ann 's face fill the screen as she turn and soundlessly bark toward the playground . voice + , who believe that rigid adherence to a timetable ... the child all turn toward Mary Ann in slow motion and start run in she direction , voice + 2 - be not only the key to a healthy marriage , but toe effective parent as well . close on hand digging through a diaper bag . all the kid , lucy { 0.c . ) mommy ? and they mother be gather around a picnic table , shoveling cheerios and goldfish into they month ~ except for Sarah who be crouch down on the grass a few foot away rummage through a diaper bag . Lucy stand face she mother , a anxious look on the chi at the picnic drama that be back to sarah 's face . Lucy where my snack ? SARA ( digging through bag I be sure it 's in here somewhere . Lucy where it go ? where my snack ? sarah . . I be sorry , honey . mommy can not find it . ( to other mother ) I forget the rice cake . I mst have leave they on the counter . bench the three woman , and they offspring watch the play out on the grass before they . cheryl poor thing . lucy { 0.c . ) I want my snaaaack ! |_mary ann ( point ) that 's the second time this week . theresa . it 's hard to keep track of everything . lucy ( 0.c. ) bad mommy , bad mommy , bad mommy . & lucy plead ) '' just calm down . no ! no calm down ! it 's not here . i Sarah hand she the bag . | | | . sarab alright , here , see for yourself . Lucy look into the bag , and then throw it at she mother 's head . Sarah wind up with thé strap dangle around she neck . mary ann wait ! this single word radiate with such undeniable adult authority that everything stop . mary ann ; Troy , honey ? give Lucy you goldfish . troy not he turn he body , form a barrier between Lucy ahd he snack : mary ann Troy Jonathan . give I that goldfish . troy ) ( whimper but mama , they be mine . mary ann . no backtalk . you can share with you sister . with no further word of protest , Troy hand the bag to Mary Ann . sarar ( to Lucy ) . go and sit down , Troy have goldfish for you , Lucy run over to join the other at the picnic bench . sarae {to Mary Ann ) thank you . you be a lifesaver . mary ann it 's nothing . I just hate to see she suffer like that . Sarah get down on one knee and begin refilling the diaper bag . mary ann . maybe you should make a check list , tape it to the door so it 's the last thing you see before leave the house . that 's what I do . Sarah look up , force a smile . sarae thank you . that 's a really helpful suggestion . Cheryl 's head dart away from the other mother . she reach across the table and grab theresa 's hand . cheryl ( soft and urgent} look . theresa glance instinctively toward the play structure . what ? theresa at ? cheryl over there . the prom King ? _. theresa ( smile ) oh my God . he 's back . Sarah look up from the diaper bag . voice Sarah follow the other woman 's gaze over to the entrance of the playground , eager to finally get a glimpse of the prom King ... in the middle distance , we see a strapping blond man enter through the park 's iron gate . he push a stroller . one side be empty and other be occupy by a large stuffed bear . the man 's three ~ year - old son sit perch on he father 's shoulder . he wear a jester 's cap , and shoot he arm out as if he be fly . voice «+. the handsome and mysterious young father who have be a regular at the Walker Street playground for several week this past spring , before abruptly drop out of sight . with the ease of someone perform a familiar action , the man lift he son off he shoulder , and gallop around the play structure . the boy squeal as the man bob , hop , and weave ~ give the boy the time of he life . unlike the young mother on the bench watch they child from a distance , this man be engage . as if he could not imagine do anything else , with anyone else , more playmate a parent . voice his departure have leave a gape hole in the emotional life of Cheryl , theresa , and Mary Ann . barely a day go by without one of they 's 's ating wistfully about the reason for he absence and the likelihood of he return . . brad ( 0.c . ) . se . binety sight ... ninety nine ... ~ t= int . brad' house , live room ~ day the blond man from the playground rise in and out of frame . this be brad adamson , 30 . he be sweat , and breathe heavily , at the end of a long circuit of daily push -up . brad ++. one hundred . kitchen Brad , wear play ~ tex glove , stand at the sink do dish . hallway Brad vacuum . live room — later ( magic ) Brad and Aaron sit on the floor engross in they favorite activity : train wreck , a brutally simple game . gordon and percy , two character from Thomas the tank engine , move in opposite direction around a circular track , make happy chugging sound right up to the moment of a inevitable collision . aaron oshout } splang ? this be the sound effect that always accompany the crash . aaron fake that , Gordon . brad ouch ! that hurt , percy . Aaron laugh uproariously at Brad 's pain . . __aaron again ! again ! they set - up for another go , and repeat the game . the game end abruptly though , as Aaron scramble to he foot and stare toward the the SOUND of someone come through the front door . arron mommy i re rip the jester cap off he head and fling it away . Brad watch the haberdashery make a wide arc in the air . he can not take he eye from it . time seem to momentarily stop . voice the jester 's cap be something that truly disturb Brad . all day long the boy eat , play , and nap in it . he would burst inte tear if nis Father have so much suggest it be remove . voice ( cont ) . but the moment he mother step in the house he have no more use for it , as if the entire day up to that point have be a pointless and somewhat useless charade . Aaron fly into the arm of kathy , 30 , and lovely . she drop to one knee , and hold she arm out wide . . kathy I miss you so so so so mich . he bury he face against she chest ; she stroke he head . ratey , you get some color , do not you ? do daddy forget the sunscreen again ? Brad stare down at the engine he still hold . Gordon 's peevish expression feel like it 's mock he . int . brad' house , kitchen ~ magic Brad , Kathy & Aaron sit around the table at the tail end of dinner . . brad . I think I be gonna finally break down and get a mobile phone . kathy really ? why ? brad . I have no way of reach you when I be out with Aaron . kathy {to Aaron you be do , right ? she rise to clear the boy 's dish , and carry it over to the sink . brad . . +» you have get one . do not you think it 's strange I do not ? kathy yeah , I do . you just never want one before . she wet a towel , and head back over to Aaron . brad yeah , I know . there 's a family plan . we can talk for free , Kathy clean the dinner from Aaron 's face , and in the process turn she back on a uncomfortable fiscal conversation . eatry let 's see where we be at the end of the month . ext . MAIN STREET — twilight carry a briefcase , Brad walk alone along a empty street , he pass a suv swathed in graphic for the National Guards a recruiting vehicle , and handy piece of mobile advertisement , a trio of drab GREEN sab soldier stare back at he : defiant and brave . voice as be she custom , each weeknight after dinner , the boy 's mother send Brad down to the Municipal library to study for the bar exam ... ext . municipal library ~ twilight voice . ..- but he never quite make it through the door of the building . Brad settles in on a bench . about twenty yard away , four , skateboarders , age thirteen to sixteen , dress in knee - length short , baggy t-shirt , and fashionably retro sneaker ~ jump stair , metal railing , and retain wall around a square granite building . they be all armed with ipod & mobile phone . voice Brad have be watch the boy for week now , sometimes for as long as a hour at a stretch , but he would never receive the slight acknowledgement from any of they , Brad stare longingly . voice he have be the same age as this boy when he mother die . one of the boy , the one the other call G , ramp off a wall and sail into the air . he possess a almost mystical connection to he board . G return to the group , whe congratulate he on he last ride . voice I must have be like this , Brad sometimes think . I must have be one of they . mary ann { 0.c. } he should just be castrate . ext . WALKER STREET playground ~ day close on the same randbill from the news broadcast , with the addition of a step - up headline : decent people beware !!! there be a pervert among Si the mother all stare down at the flyer on the picnic table . mary ann | Quick and clean , just chop it off . then you would not have to worry about notify the neighbor . sarar . you know what else you should do ? nail he penis above the entrance to the elementary school . you know , as a warning to other pervert . Cheryl and theresa chuckle politely at she sarcasm . Mary amn be not amused , and fixee Sarah with a icy glare . . mary ann you think this be funny ? sarae I just can not believe you want to castrate aman for indecent exposure . theresa my brother use to expose himself , when we be teenager . he would do it in my ~ bedroom , or in the backseat of the car , even at the dinner table . he always figure out a way to do it so that no one could see what he be up to but I . ____ mary . odisgust } do not you tell anyone ? theresa ( puzzle ) . no , I do not want to get he in trouble . it do not stop until he go away to college . sarah he should have be castrate . mary ann ( snap ) it 's not the same thing . he be not do it to stranger . Cheryl 's head swivel as if pull by a magnet . cheryl . oh my God , look ! after all this time . there he ig . two day in a row ? Brad and Aaron have arrive at the playground gate . _ sarah maybe he just need a vacation . mary ann {suspicious } from what ? ; theresa _ from be the prom King . ~ 10 - ~ lie | cheryl tt 's a dirty job. ( chuckle ) . but someone 's gok to do it . as Brad and Aaron pass the woman on they way over to the far swing - set , the trio go completely silent ~ pretend not to notice . Sarah wetch they ~ amused . sarab what 's he do for a live ? the other look nervous , and ignore the question . mary ann ( uncomfortable ) we have never actually speak to he . . . , , sarah you be kid right ? theresa we do not even know he name . sarah . really ? I think you say he be a regular here . theresa . it be awkward , cheryl he make we nervous , you have to think about what you be go to wear in the morning ? put on makeup ? it be exhaust ? lucy leave she position at the top of the slide and wander over to the swing - set right next to where Brad push Aaron . she calis to she mother . lucy mommy ! push mee sarah alright . i’li be right there . Sarah smile at the woman , wonder how they will react to she impending proximity to '' the prom King . " as she rise to go , theresa call out . wait theresa ( 0.c. } alcl Sarah stop . sarah what ? theresa hold up she wallet , smixk like a schoolgirl . cheresa five buck if you get he phone number . swing set — moment later Aaron observe lucy with a certain amount of skepticism as she swing in near-unison beside he , he turn to Sarah , he expression unexpectedly serious . how old be she ? sarah ( coax ) | . Lucy , honey . tell the nice boy how old you be . baron I be three ! he jab the corresponding finger into the air . aaron | my grandmother life in New Jersey ! she do not have a swim pool . sarab to the boy } do you like to swim ? aaron I do not like shark . they eat you up . brad do not listen to he . we go to the town pool almost every day . Brad smile at Sarah . brad I be Brad , by the way . she smile back . sarar Sarah . brad you guy come here a lot ? sarah only for the last few week . we use to go to the one over on Harris , with the big wood thing , and the slide across . brad yeah , we actually rent a place right arcund the corner from there on ashforth . but that ice cream truck never leave ~ what 4 nightmare . '' 13 saraz tell I about it . brad . +.. you know , you be the first person here who 's ever talk to I . sarah you make they nervous . brad oh , right . I guess they do not see too many father here during the weekday . they keep push the child . brad . you do not have to be polite . go ahead and ask . SARA what ? brad what the person who wear the pants in the family do for a live . . sarab alright , what do you wife do ? brad she make documentary . sarah oh , wow . like , Michael Moore ? like , pbs . sarah . oh ... well , I think it 's admirable that ou nre here , there 's no reason man can not primary caregiver . brad I finish law school two year ago . but I can not seem to pass the bar exam . fail it twice now . , sarah maybe you just do not want to be a lawyer . Brad look momentarily startle by this suggestion . brad T will take the test one more time . if I mess up row , I be just go to have to find something else to do with my life . they go back to they swinging . oj dm voice Sarah be shocked by how Brad deliver this confession , with no apparent sense ef be in the least bit embarrassed by he failure . most man be not like this . her husband , Richard , certainly be not . she wonder if Brad be always this forthcoming . if anything , he seem a little lonely , ali too ready to open he heart at the slight sign of interest , like a lot of young mother she know . Sarah break the silence . sarah I couid not help potice you stroller . do you have another child 's brad just Aaron . we get that at a yard sale . fhe extra seat come in handy for the be . sarah Lucy refuse to be put into a stroller , or @ car seat . we have to walk everywhere . tt take we half a hour to go three block , unless I carry she . ___ baron daddy finish . brad you sure ? we just get here . arron daaady , I finish right now . . brad alright . one , two , three . he stop the swing , leave Aaron , and attend to the bear . he pull it out of the swing , and strap it imto the stroller . then come back or Aaron . Sarah watch in silence as he cup Aaron by the armpit and attempt to lift he out of the swing . the boy 's foot get catch in one of the aperture , and she hurry over to free it before Brad have a chance to ask for assistance . brad thanks . no problem . Sarah watch as Brad buckle Aaron into the stroller . voice < be then , while watch Brad kneel down at he son 's foot , that garah find herself grip by a unexpected pang of sadness . she look toward the opposite end of the playground - the woman lean forward on they bench , completely rivete . voice do not go , she think . do not leave I here with the other . Brad stand and turn toward she , as if he have read she mind . _ brad | ( curious smile ) well , it be nice talk to you . sarah yeah , you too . he start to leave . sarahb ( suddenly ) hey . Brad stop and look at she , confuse . brad yes ? sarah | {conspiratorial} come here . brad what ? just , .. come here . fle do as he 's tell . sarab you see that woman over there ? he glance in the direction of the picnic table . all of the woman suddenly look in the other direction sarab yeah . do not look . do not look , you know what they call you ? . be take a small step toward Sarah , intrigue . brad what ? no 5 ~ 16 — sarah the prom King . brad ouch . that 's awful . _ sarah they mean it as a compliment . you be a big character in they fantasy life . brad wow. sarah one of they bet I five dollar I could not get you phone number . , , brad ( smile ) five buck , huh ? sarah yep . Brad shoot another look at the woman . brad ( teasing ) . could we split it fifty - fifty ? sarah {right back at he ) it could be arrange . a moment . sarah do not have to be you real number . brad well , in that case , sure . Brad pat himself down , look for a pen . nothing . brad you get a pen ? Sarah do not . she glance toward the table where she diaper bag be . she do not want to go there . she look back to he . sarah oh , shit . Neo , no I do not . brad well , maybe next time . he turn to go , but Sarah reach out and grab he arm . . sarar . no , listen wait ... just wait . ~ij ~ he 's wait . she 's think . then ~ sarae you know what would really be funny ? brad what ? SARA -. lf you give I a hug . . , 8 ( smile ) you think ? SARA +. - yeah . Brad grin . he 's game . brad well , alright come here . Brad open he arm , and Sarah step into they . they hug . mary ann ( 0.c . ) ob , my God ! Mary Ann 's reaction make they both start to giggle . sarar fwhisper you wanna really freak they out ? Brad look at she a moment . then — brad «> yeah , he lean down and give she a tentative kiss , half - serious , as if they be act in a play . a collective gasp travel from the lady at the picnic table to we couple . follow by a panicky chorus call from the mother , summoning they child from the play structure . Brad & Sarah part ... but they somehow can not take they eye off each other , sarar ( glance at the exodus ) I think that work , both of they be blush . brad {per panicky mother } +» yeah , I think so , brad well , it be nice meeting you . ~ig - sarah +e - ¥ed , sum hmmm . he set off without another word . Sarah watch he broad back recede as be push the stroller past the other mother , and out of the park gate . she turn to Lucy , sit motionless in the swing , watch the same sight as she mother , she foot kick dreamily in the air . sarah let 's go . she gather Lucy from the swing , and carry she like a piece of oversize luggage back to the bench to retrieve she thing . her face burn with pride and with shame . cheryl and theresa huddle with they child , stare at Sarah in comp : ete bewilderment . flanke by Troy and isabelle , Mary Ann look urious . mary ann I be sure you daughter find that very educational . Sarah reach down for the diaper bag , and turn to go . sarah his name 's Brad , he 's a lawyer . and he 's really very nice . Sarah pick up Lucy and head home . ext . field — day Sarah sit under a tree try she level best to read Margaret atwood 's the handmaid 's Tale . after a moment , she put it down , and gaze off , distract . voice for the past few day , Sarah have not be able to concentrate on anything but the prom King ... and the curious thing that have happen between they on the playground . she glance the other direction , where , some distance away ~ lucy squat on the grass , she back to Sarah , play alone , and talk to herself . Sarah look away from the child , and away into the expanse . voice she do not feel shame or guilt , only a sense of profound disoriehtation , as if she have be kidnap by alien , and fren release , unharme , a few hour ater . mother and child under the shade of the tree , in the distance , a amphitheater of sort , a white wing which resemble a fly saucer . e SOUND af voice as he have so often in recent day ... brad sit on he usual bench under the beech tree . but instead of watch the skateboarder , he close he eye . we push in o8 he dreamy face , voice ., . Brad mentally re-enacted the kiss by the swingset . he still could not believe it have really happen , and with all that woman and child watch . we see aaron in he stroller at the playground that day look up toward Brad and Sarah . voice Aaron have be particularly curious about what he would see , in brad' live room he situate a blow - up punching clown . Aaron stand opposite he father . aaron why you hugging that lady ? brad well , see now , that 's what I be try tc show you here with bozo . Brad kneel down in front of the clown . . _ , brad sometimes it 's a game grow - up play when they friend . re spread he arm in a exaggerated way . brad see ? Brad mechanically embrace the clown . ; brad fi , I be you friend , the boy 's face wear & dubious look . voice Aaron be skeptical . voice they return to the olayground the follow morning ... brad and aaron arrive to a empty playground . {oe voice ..- bub ro one be there . brad and aaron at the town poul . Brad scan the other pace . voice Sarah have not show up at the tow pool , either , though Brad remember tell she that he and Aaron could be find there most afternoon . it do not seem to matter that Sarah be not he type : +. be not even that pretty , at least not compare to Kathy ... idealized vision of kathy , in the way the voice describe . voice .» who have long leg , and lustrous hair , and perfect breast , brad continue he daydream . voice Sarah be short , and boyish ~ and have eyebrow that be thicker than Brad ought necessary . all that be describe above be see . voice but even so , she would walk into he arn that day , as if she be fulfil a secret wish he have not remember make , man ( 0.c. } hey , pervert ! Brad 's eye open , startle awake from he fantasy . man {ec} yeah you , pervert Brad cringe , as he look toward — a van - park by the curb directly across from he . a man gesture toward Brad from the vehicle 's dark cab . . man like little boy , do you ? the teasing note in the man 's voice be clearer now , and Brad drop he guard and squint into the van . meet larry hedge , 30 . he wear a t-shirt with the word guardian across the chest , and gray athletic short . he lean across the passenger seat into the street - light , and grin at Brad . brad Larry ? larry yeah , it 's fuck Larry . brad Jesus , do not even joke about that . tarry what be you do right now ? you busy ? brad uh , actually , I be suppose to be study . Brad lift he briefcase . brad I be take the bar exam next month . larry do not you do that last year ? brad yeah . see how well I do ? Larry laugh . he pop the lock on the passenger side . tarry get in . I get a better idea . Brad hesitates . larry c'mon , c’mon , c'mon . Brad do as he be tell . int / ext . larry 's van ~ night as Brad climb in , tarry clear off the passenger seat . he toss a football and a pair of binoculars - into the back , and lift up a fat stack of blue paper . larry you mind ? he drop the stack onto Brad 's lap . . larry imm try to keep they nice . Brad glance at the top sheet . it 's the same flyer we have see throughout the story . his eye stray to the bottom of the page : prid for by the committee of concerned parent , _ brad you part ef the committee ? larry I be the committee , ~2 ) ~ brad : wow , that 's quite a commitment . larry iproud ) yea ! brad be not you full time on the force already ? Larry put the van into gear , and pull into the street . larry ( uncomfortable ) «eam take @ little time off . int . larry 's van , moving ~ same brad . ( somewhat impressed ) | how have you find out about this creep ? larry . there 's a web site . the state 's require to disclose the whereabouts of convict sex offender . do not you check it ? brad ( cover ) not on a regular basis . Larry 's expression darken . xp : larry hey should just castrate the bastard and be do with it , Brad nod as noncommittally as he can . a moment , in the silence , a familiar tune play softly on the van 's stereo system . _ brad you @ raffi fan ? larry ( startle ) what ? ; _ brad that 's raffi , right ? Big , beautiful Planet ? larry ah , shit , Larry punch the eject . ~ 23 ~ | . larry after a while I do not even know what Im listen to anymore . Larry stare at Brad , a linger appraisal . Brad try to ignore how uncomfortable this feel . larry you look good , be go to the gym ? brad push-up , crunch . a little run . larry ( to himself} . the guy be gonna love this . _ , brad , ( a bit anxious ) what guy ? ext . east wyndam bomber 's field ~ night Brad and Larry head across a run track , pass a surly - looking guy in a wheelchair . this be bullhorn bob , a fixture at the stadium . Brad pause at the edge of the field , a taut blue-green skin of artificial turf glow with Caribbean purity beneath dazzle light . crisp te line and number run from one end zone to the other . between the forty yard line , a half - dozen man toss footballs to each other , and do warm -up . _ , . brad wow . this be something . larry it 's pretty . but it do not have a lot of give . like play on cement . they approach midfield , some player strut up to geeet then ~ tommy correnti , a drill ~ sergeant of a man , with a off-kilter nose , and a comically nasal voice , dewayne rogers , a squat , bald African ~ american man , bart william , a no-neck white with thinning hair wear a knee brace , ricrie murphy , a powerful man with red hair , and pete olaffson , a scrawny man whose uniform be intentionally one size too small . Larry step away from Brad and buttonfhole dewayne , corral he away from the other . : larry hey , dewayne , I really need to talk to you about the committee . it would mean a lot to have you support on this thing . dewayne I tell yon already Larry . none of we be ionna get involved with that shit -~ we be here to play ball . if that 's you thing , fine but leave we out of it man . we can not ~ ~ 24 — larry . ocutting he off , piss } T get it , I get it . Larry make a pierce whistle . the guy ail turn toward he . _ . , garry . bring it in . c'mon , hustle it up . the man all gather around Larry . larry guy , I want you all to meet we new quarterback , look slightly out of place in he cargo short and polo shirt , Brad stare at Larry in bewilderment . brad quarterback ? corrente he better not be a pussy . _ larry he play in college . . brad I be a little behind the curve , who be you guy ? larry we be the guardian . dewayne we be cop . pete welcome to the tri-county touch football night League . bart we old quarterback 's wife make he quit . foo many concussion . Brad 's glance stray to bullhorn Bob , who stare back from he wheelchair . brad I think you say it be touch . the guardian laugh knowlagly . corrente it 's tackle . we just call it touch for insurance purpose . larry why do not we work on some simple pass pattern ? a2 Brad hesitates . voice Brad wait for he good sense to kick in . there be lot of excuse available to he . he take in he surroundings , and the face of the other man . voice . but it feel so good to be stand here beneath the bright light , and he be fill with a feel similar to the one he would have right before kissing Sarah , like he world have crack open to reveal a thrill new possibility . his face fill with certainty . . brad . alright . just let I warm up a little . CUT to : image of brad taking the SNAP at practice . he drop back to pass , and zip a bullet to dewayne , totally oblivious as correnti enter from he blind side and smashes he to the turf with a vicious cheap shot . Brad bounce up , angry and confuse , to confront he attacker . brad | what the fuck ? that be a late hit . : correnti this be not pop Warner , Ace . bullhorn bob taunt brad from the sideline . , bulleorn bob amplify ) you fuc '! ing faggot . you call yourself a quarterback ? ext . mcgorvey house — night Larry 's van pull up in front of a well - tend cape . . brad this be not I . you turn too soon . I be on ashforth . Larry do not answer , he just stare out the window at the house . brad what be we do here ? Larry press on he horn three time , Brad startles to attention . brad why would you do that ? ~ 26 ~ larry I want this scumbag to know I be keep a eye on hin . reey sit for a long moment . ii suddenly dawns on Brad whose house this be . brad oh , God ...2 do not think we wanna be here , Larry . larry it 's not a question of want . Larry reach inte the back seat for he binoculars and train they on the house . larry joanie think I be obsessed with this cresp . she think if I hada job I would not be drive past he house five , six time a day . but you know what ? I kinda feel like this be my job . Larry put down the binocular and turn to Brad . larry . there 's a roll of duct - tape in the glove compartment . could you grab it for I ? int . brad 's house , hallway — night Brad close the front door remove he shoe , and make he way on soft foot up the stairway . one of the stair creak . he cringe . kathy ( 0.c. ) honey ? he 's bust . _ , brad _ ( like a teenager ) ase dbe brad & katey' bedroom kathy where be you ? Brad stand in the doorway , and master what bravado he can . brad I , uh , join this group , the Committee of concerned Parents . we be distribute flyer about that creep on woodward Court . she stare at he : he tear collar , scrape knee , scratch cheek , and sweat-stain armpit . — 27 ~ katey oconcern } be you attack ? brad this guy play a little touch football after . . athy this late ? . _ brad ++/ it 's a night league . Kathy look confuse . ; rathy so it 's go to be a regular thing ? brad . no ... just onee a week , after I be finish at the library . that okay ? rathy who be the guy ? _ brad ( gain momentum } you remember parry hedge from the | sprinkler park ? the guy with the twin ? it 's he organization . athy T think you do not like he . brad he 's okay . but this committee make a lot of sense . it 's pretty scary have a gu like that live right by the playground . Kathy gaze lovingly at Aaron . rathy I know . I hate to even think about it . she look back up at she husband . rathy well , you better take a shower . int . brad' bathroom ~ night Brad 's in the shower , frantically soap himself . voice ; Brad shower quickly , sense & fare opportunity to have sex with he wife . Brad brushes he tooth at twice the normal speed . — 2r - voice this be just what I need , he think . something to take my mind off that kiss . int . brad 's bedroom —~ night he emerge from the bathroom , wear only boxer and he most xomantié smile , he cross to the bed and place he hand under Aaron , prepare to transfer he to he own room . kathy please do not . brad ntry to stay calm ) come on , Kathy . how many time do we have to argue about this ? fe need to start sleep by himself . kathy I know , but he just look so comfy . brad 2 : he will be just as comfy in he own bed . _ kathy I know , .. I just miss he so mich . brad I be get a little tired of waking up with he foot in my face . kathy but it 's a perfect foot . look at he . dust look at he , Brad ponder he sleep child . brad he be a handsome devil . kathy he 's perfect . Brad sigh and climb inte bed . before turn off the Light , Kathy lean over Aaron to give he a kiss . good night . good night . ext . sarah' house — day a formidable colonial on a hilly double lot . voice number two hillcrest be a impressive piece of real estate . ~ 29 — int . sarar ‘s house , various empty room — same Space and window . a beautiful floor plan , somewhat grand . look around you will netice a kind of dead beauty to the place , all dress up and no place to go . voice even so , Sarah be ambivalent about the house that she occupy , she be not involved with it 's purchase or design , the place be a hand - I -down of sort trom Richard 's mother , and the furnishings be left-over from he first marriage . int . sarah' house , upstair attic utility room — same a small dark narrow space with a single window at the end . a old mattress & BOX spring rest against the wall . voice by the time Sarah arrive here , Richard be not all that interested in redecorate . and so she decide to leave it as it be ... a younger and very pregnant sarah sort through a gaggle of movin box adorn with she name . she lift out stack after stack of book . int . sarah' downstair study — day shelves full of book . from highbrow to lowbrow : faulkner , yate , dubus , diet , feminine literature , romantic poet , stein , Tuscany , travel , White , Whitman , wolff , and what 's you birth sign ? -— season in a reader 's life . voice ++ewith the exception of a single room that she stake out for she own , and graduall begin to populate it with the remnant 0 : she former self . Sarah , wear read glass , sit at a write table situate directly under a window , transcribe passage from work with feminist criticism by Mary eagleton . S : es note into a mt . tom 6x4 notebook from bob slate . Lucy , carry she own book , wander over and stare up at she mother , Sarah be oblivious . Lucy read I story . . sarah in a minute . Lucy pull at Sarah 's notebook . . lucy I sit on you lap . Sarah pulis back . ~ 3b i say in a minute . now go on , finish you program . go. the child retreat . Sarah return to she study . voice from the moment Lucy be bear , Sarah have refuse to hire someone for child care , she be not exactly sure why she have take this stance . the truth be she spend most afternoon mark time ... Sarah glance impatiently at she watch . she spot a toy leave behind by Lucy ~ she rise from the writin table , bend down to pick up the item , move to the doorway , and place it on a side - table outside the room . she step back into she study , and close the door . _ , . , voice .. wait desperately for the moment when her_ husband return from work and she could finally have a moment to herself . but even this be not something she could rely on . int . sarah' pront entry way — magic Sarah open the door to reveal jean , a vigorous 60 year - old woman , pump she arm and leg on the front stoop . jean ready to roll ? sarah could you wait a few minute ? Richard 's barricade in the upstairs office finish up some stuff for work . jean no problem . I have a little surprise for someone anyway . dean step into the house . sarah | she 's a terror tonight . I could not get she to nap again . poor thing . | SARA poor mommy be more like it . Sarah close the front door . int . sarah' front zntry way — continuous Jean cup she hand around she mouth . 3 ] l — hellooo ? be there a cute little girl in the house ? lucy run in from the other room , jump up and throw herself into the older woman 's arm as if they be lover meeting in a airport . Jean rotate she jumbo fanny pack and tug slowly on the zipper . jean oh my goodness . look what I find . with the flair of a magician , Jean produce a tiny stuffed dog from the pouch and hand it to a awestruck Lucy . Lucy a beaniel sarar Jean , you do not have to do that . . jean this dog need a little girl to take care of he . and I know a little girl who need a dog . lucy thank you , Jean . int . sarah' study ~ later ( magic ) Sarah sit at she write table , she impatience grow by the second . lucy & jean play in the next room at the kitchen table . Sarah extend she leg , and gently close the door , she turn and we move in on she annoyed face - voice Sarah be beginning to get angry . her evening fitness walk wag the one thing she look forward to all day , and Richard know this . she do not care how busy he be , it be a simple matter of equity . int . sarah' house , upstair office — same a silver -framed photograph of Sarah and Lucy rest on a desk . a distinguished look man in he mid-forty sit behind the desk , focus on the compu 's screen in front of hin . voice if there be one thing life have teach Richard , it be that it be ridiculous to be at war with you own desire , richard ms he desk drawer and remove a small rectangular up shipping box , . vorce be could easily imagine what people would gay if they could see he now ... with tremble hand , he break the seal on the box , and withdraw a manila envelope decorate with sticker , red heart and star . voice . >» .exactly the same thing they would say if someone have tell they that Ray ... Richard glance at a BOX that appear over he right shoulder . in it — ray , aman in he 30 , dress in sweat , undernhand a bali to he son who swing for a hit . voice . ».- from next door be a transvestite ... blone now , in Ray 's imagine bedroom , he gaze into a mirror apply lip - k . voice -».or that Ted from work have anonymous gay sex at highway rest stop . Richard glance at a new BOX that appear over he left shoulder . in it — another man , ted , stand at a bank of urinal , he give a side - long glance to a skinny man use the next one over . as Richard look back down at the envelope in he hand the box disappear . Richard take out a letter opener and slice through the pack tape on the envelope . voice . but we want what we want , Richard think , and there 's not much we can do about it . before remove the content of the envelope , Richard take the photograph of he wife and daughter and turn it face down on the sk. int . richard's place of business — day -- eleven month ago voice he have stumble on the site eleven month ago , while do research for a consulting firm . a square room with dozen of manned cubicle , through the maze on the other side of the place be - a 600 square - foot office with a window , where — richard sit at he desk , he attention focus on he flat - screen , voice his office door be wide open . Richard glance up from the monitor furtively . he take a breath , and he eye go hack to the monitor . his hand hold the mouse hover with anticigation . 33 voice but he click on the link anyway . on the monitor be the homepage of slutty kay , a blonde woman , in she thirty . there 's something graphicaily homegrown about the design . it look authentic , and not put together by a consortium in Glendale . in large friendly quote it say '' actively pursue a swinging lifestyle , and my god-given sexuality . '' his hand move the mouse . the cursor click on read more about I . a long q 6a appear next to a new image of Kay bend over a table . she wear a short tartan skirt with no pantie . voice oe as he be deeply engross in he discovery when Ted knock on he door ... ted , Richard 's imagine rest stop cruiser stand in the doorway . voice ++- take order for a lunch run . Richard look up . voice casually , but with great haste , Richard 's hand invisibly move he mouse . . , voice . Richard banish slutty Kay from he screen ... Kay 's homepage collapse , the monitor now show a spread sheet of another kind . voice ..- tell Ted that he would like a Chicken caesar ... Ted nod , and depart . voice agen re-enter the flow of a ordinary ay ... Richard refer to some papers , and input data into he machine . voice «it be not until several month later that Richard give the slight think to the site he have stumble upon ... int . richard 's place of business — night — several month later the overhead light be off for the night . the only illumination iz eke place emanate from a office on the other side of the room , where ~ richard sit at he desk , shuffle papers , pretend to be busy . a middle - age secretary poke she head inte the room , 34 secretary do you need I for anything else ? richard no , why do not you head home ? I be gonna catch up on some e-mail . secretary ; well , do not stay too late . you dinner ' 1l get cold , Richard smile and wave goodbye . he let a couple of second pass , then get up and lock he office door . Richard return to he desk , he attention now refocus on he flat - screen . voice lately , slutty Kay have become a problem . the cursor highlight a bookmark in he preference entitle — slutty Kay position & implement . voice he think about she far too often , and spend hour study the thousand of photograph available to he . Richard 's cursor fly across the screen and launch he browser . Kay appear in various position , outfit , and as the bookmark title indicate , utilize all kind of implement . voice _ . some of Kay ' 's practice strike he as bizarre , even off - put , she have a thing about kitchen utensil , spatulas , barbecue fork , and dress up like a little girl and play with balloon . but who be Richard to judge ? he pull a box of kleenex from the bottom drawer , and lick he lip . ii eye dreamy , and hungry . he pull down he trousers and get down to business . voice though , as close as Richard sometimes feel to slutty Kay — as much as he believe that he know she ... Richard keep yanking , a desperate impatience on he face . voice -«- he could never get past the uncomfortable fact that she exist for he solely as a digital image . he look down at he lap , thing do not seem to he go well . 3 int . sarah' house , upstair office - back to present — magic close on : Richard 's hand as they remove the content of the heart - cover manila envelope : three polaroid of slutty kay wear a polka dop thong in various pose . each of they bear the greeting , scrawle in black sharpie , hi Richard ! _ . of ick . the panty be a attempt to solve this problem . his hand reach back in and pall out the actual thong in the photo . he raise it a gouple of inch from he face , tentatively give it he nasal appraisal . voice maybe a sniff or two would hurry thing along , so he could get back downstairs to he real life ... he reach down with he other hand , and jerk off . voice + + , where he wife and daughter be wait for he , they impatience increase by the minute . sarah stand at the bottom of the stairway stare up . her patience at a end . she hesitates just a moment before make the long climb . unaware that she be about to play she own version of Aaron 's train leck . she arrive outside the office door , and give a tentative knock . no answer . she reach down and turn the knob . the door swing open to - richard jerk . he now wear the polka dot thong like a gas mask : over he mouth and nose . inhaling its scent with gusto . sarah peer inside . her expression waver between revulsion and amazement , Richard be oblivious . SARA ahen . Richard whip he head around , the thong still press over the lower half of he face . he scramble to hide the evidence . , sarah be this go to take much longer ? I have really like to go for my walk . richard pull the thong off he face } you could have knock , sarah i do . nback out of the room } we need to talk . ~ 36 — sarah' STREET — magic Sarah and Jean at the end of they power walk . jean | 's z tou be awfully quiet tonight . everything okay ? Sarah snap out of it . what ? yeah . jean . you will have to walk without I tomorrow night . I have a book group meeting . sarah okay . silence . then . jean . you be sure everything 's alright ? sarah . yeah , sorry , I guess I be just a little tired ... 80 , what be you read ? crime and punishment . sarah wow , that 's pretty highbrow for a book group . they turn the final corner onto they own street . jean we have some very stimulate discussion . you should come next month . we be do Madame bovary . you could be my little sister . . sarah Little sister ? jean we be try to get young woman involved . we call they we little sister . sarah . I do not know , I read Madame bovary in grad school , it 's a pretty misogynist text . Sarah slow , squinting at a shadowy figure on she front step . jean well , that 's a interesting perspective . you should come . sarah Excuse I , Jean . someone 's at my door . t’1i call you . Sarah hurry off , leave Jean behind in the street . theresa from the playground sit on Sarah 's front step , smoking a cigarette . she smile stiffly as Sarah approach . Sarah stop at the base of the step . sarar a bit flustered ) well , this be a surprise . I have not see you since ... theresa I hope you do not mind . you husband say you would be back any minute . not at ali . she smile at theresa . sarahb it 's good to see you . can I make you a cup of tea or something ? theresa : T can only stay a minute . I just want to warn you . you know that guy ? the pervert ? he 's be riding he bike near the playground , check out the kid . sarab oh , God . do the police know ? theresa ; nothing they can do . he 's not break — any law . I guess they be wait for he to kill someone . I just think you should know . sarah thanks . that 's nice of zou . ( then , plaintively ) you sure you do not want some tea ? theresa I be sorry . theresa stand up , | theresa i do not think it 's a good idea . ~3 ] ~ — 38 — sarah ( after a beat ) I do not mean to kiss he . I do not even know how it happen . she pat Sarah gently on the be . theresa I better go . Mike 's gonna worry . she leave Sarah stand there alone . Sarah turn and stare at the front door , steal herself for what she know be wait for she on the other side . she let out a groan , reach for the doorknob and head into - int . sarah 's house , foyer — same the front entry - way , where Richard stand wear a hangdo expression . he stare at she pathetically , like a child wait to ' orgiven . richard «.- you want to talk ? Sarah brushes past he and head upstairs . I be tired . Richard look both disappointed and relieved . int . sarah 's house , upstair hallway — morning Sarah peek into Lucy 's room . the child be still asleep . the SOUND of a car starting bring Sarah over to the window at the top of the stair . she look down at — the driveway to see Richard 's car pull away , on he way to work . upstair office Sarah close the door to Richard 's office , move over to the window , pull up the shade , and scan the room . she move over to the desk , and begin to investigate - look at paperwork , rifling drawer , and examine computer disk . she glance down at a smal ] wastebasket top with wadded up tissue . she grimace , disgust . int . brad' house , dine room ~ same Brad sit at the dining room table go through credit card bill from five different company , a yellow post it be attach to the outside of one of the envelope . in a neat feminine cursive be scrawle '' Brad ! please look this over . '' his hand obey , and puli out a itemize report , that have multiple item highlight Sports illustrate , Men 's fitness , and hother Magazine , in the margin the same cursive ask '' do you really need this ? '' the phone ring , and Brad answer it . brad hello ? no , he 's still sleep ... yeah , i'm go through they now ... no , I quess I do not need they ... alright have a good — she 's already hang up . Brad hang up , close he eye , and steel himself . he look utterly defeat . sarah' study — moment later a untouched mug of tea on the write table in front of she , Sarah sit there with a thousand mile stare on she face , finally , she pick up she notebook , and book of essay on feminist criticism , and try to get interested . it 's no use . she set they down abruptly , and move over to ~ a side - table stack with periodicals . she rifle through and discard : ad buster , mother Jones , the utne reader , the Paris Review , before find the object of she desire — the latest catalogue from j-crew . she move to a old high - back chair with she prize , and start browsing the page . she take a huge gulp of tea , she leave hand absently reach for the television remote , and turn on the set . a infomercial for nature - bra preach " the Joys of perk breast . '' Sarah focus on a j-crew model clad in a ne piece bathing suit , as the seductive spokeswoman for nature - bra point out the possible benefit of use this product '' post breast feed . '' Sarah urn she attention from the catalogue to the screen , just in time to '' learn how to order . '' ext . sarah' house ~ morning a fed -ex truck pull away after make it 's appoint round . int . sarah' house , kitchen table ~ day a kitchen knife rip through a cardboard BOX past a shipping label from j-crew . ext . town pool — day wearing a unbuttone men 's shirt over she bathing suit , Sarah peer through a chain - linr fence , Lucy at she side . a enormous rectangle of water frame by a concrete walkway , set at the bottom of a grassy hill . a sly smile of recognition pass across Sarah 's face . in the middle - distance brad and aaron sit shade by a tree . Sarah flash she id at a bore - looking teenager read a Stephen King novel . the kid wave they in . Sarah take Lucy straight to the wading pool . she attaches a pair of inflatable water - wing to iucy 's arm , and sit she on the edge of the pool . she sneak a glance up the hill toward Brad & Aaron 's tree , hope to catch a certain someone 's eye . she do . brad , shirtless , sit on a beach towel in a patch of shade . he look in she direction . then look away quickly . ~ 49 — sarae set lucy into the wading pool , and make a show of play with she daughter , throw the occasional glance up the hill to make sure he 's still there - he be , pretend to read a magazine .. Aaron in he jester 's cap , stage collision with toy truck . but the boy grow bored and teddle over to he father , pull on Brad 's arm . arron daddy . I go in pool now . Brad 's not sure he 's ready for that . . brad «ein a minute . aaron daddy , now ! in the wading pool , Sarah watch Lucy , but she 's clearly distract . she steal another look , lucy mommy ? I havta to go pee pee . sarah just go in the pool . Lucy shake she head no . sarah really ? okay , ¢’mon . she grab Lucy , and they head to the ladies' locker room , under the tree , Brad see he chance to avoid a encounter , and satisfy Aaron at the same time . he stand , pick up he son , and head down the hill toward the pool . in the wading pool , Brad & Aaron roughhouse and play . Brad be more engage with he child , but like Sarah , he can not help wishing he have eye in the back of he head . he keep scan the area , on the lookout for she . his eye fixate on the ladies' locker room door . woman and child come and go , but no Sarah or Lucy . finally Brad begin to relax , allow himself to become completely absorb in play . later Brad and Aaron squint into the sun as they trudge up the hill toward they tree . it 's not until they have almost reach the shady place that they discover — sarah & lucy spread out on towel right next to they own . sarae | ( mock surprise } oh my God , it 's you . Brad stare at she , somewhat surprised , and worried at the same time . it ~ brad how . hey . Sarah remove a bottle of sunscreen from a bag . she squeeze a gob of it inte she hand and begin slather it all over Lucy , who 5 ) its like a good soldier . she turn to Brad . sarah - . I hope you do not mind . Lucy have sensitive skin , she 's better off in the shade . __ brad {polite} . . not at all . it 's nice the see you again . he set Aaron down on they blanket , and begin drying the boy off . after finish with Lucy , Sarah remove the men' shirt ; revealing she red one piece . she begin to rub lotion on she arm . sarah {casually ) I be sorry , could you get my back ? Brad turn around . brad .. etm , okay , sure . he squirt lotion into he hand and begin rubbing it into her back in a polite and businesslike manner . Sarah close she eye and lean back into the massage . after a few second , she smile over she shoulder . sarah thanks alot . Lucy ? say hi to the little boy from the playground . . lucy bi. . arron hi. remember he ? voice the pool become a ritual . ext . town pool — another day Sarah & Lucy arrive at the entrance . Sarah wave to Brad who have already arrive , and sit with Aaron under the tree . he wave back . voice Day after day , ehey sit together in the shade , get to know each other ... same spot , difperent day . now Sarah 's do Brad 's back . 42 _ voice distribute snack ... sbrah disburse goldfish cracker to each child yoice . ».. and broker eccagional dispute . aaron and lucy engage in a fierce struggle for possession of one of sarah' flip flop voice have little choice in the matter , Aaron and Lucy form a fragile friendship . lucy listen to big bear heart with a toy stethoscope . aaron administers a injection with a toy syringe voice sometimes Brad and Sarah trade offspring . in the pool , brad teaches lucy how to dog - paddle on the blanket , sarah hold a sleepy aaron in her arm , he head on her shoulder , the tendril of he headgear drooping over her back and chest . her face break into a grin as ... .+. hary ann , wear sunglass and a floppy hat , spot she from the walkway . Mary Ann put on a painfully fake smile and wave to Sarah . Sarah wave back triumphantly . voice it be the most fun Sarah have have in year . Fresh from the pool , Brad lean back and soak up the sun , he body glisten with luminous droplet of water . Sarah devour he with she eye . voice but there be always that long to touch , to be touch by Brad . and as | badly as she want this , she want just as badly . to hold on to the innocent public life they would make for themselves out in the open , with the other parent and child . damp and tire , brad and sarah gather up there thing . voice so she accept the trade ... with a bittersweet expression , Brad extend he hand to Sarah . ice ... the melancholy handshake at four o'clock ... ~ they shake and part way . ; voice -+- ip exchange for this little patch of grass , some sunscreen and companionship . late light rake a empty pool , and its now desert surroundings . voice one more happy day at the pool . int . brad' house , kitchen — morning Aaron sit in he highchair shovel oatmeal into he mouth . kath mark up some copy with a red pen as she finish with she breakfast . Brad watch the two of they , wait to be notice or acknowledge in some way , shape , or form , finally , Kathy speak . kathy no pasta for dinner , okay ? we eat way too mach pasta around here . brad I think you like pasta . kathy I do . that 's the problem . pretty soon I will be able to séli advertising space on my ass ... I better hurry . I have get a nine o'clock at tap . she rise , gather up paperwork and the breakfast plate . brad what be that ? __katey . tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors . brad . I think you be already editing . she carry the dish over to the sink . kathy so do I . but this family 's story just get I ... the father be kill ina mortar attack on he base . Left behind a a little boy , and a baby girl . she start rinsing plate . katey I speak with he wife on the phone yesterday ... say she do not know what she be gonna do next Christmas . . brad oh jeez , I bet . she shake she head . — ~ 44 — kathy _ ( reflective ) no , it be not like that . it be more wonder if she should keep a tradition with she son that she begin with the boy 's father ... say she husband have have a knack for request odd Christmas gift . a scuba suit one year , rappelling gear the next . , . say he be not afraid to try anything . over Brad 's face ~ the noon bell toll from ST . paul 's tower . ext . town pool — day it 's hot , humid , and horrible . the child sit together on a towel occupy with they play . Sarah lie on she back brad 's t-shirt over she face . Brad allow himself the pleasure of pour he eye over Sarah 's body completely unobserve . then — sarah hot enough for you ? for a moment , Brad think he 's be catch , but then he realize it 's a innocent enough question . brad »ssyeah , it 's so humid , I get football practice tonight . be like play in a sauna . sarah watch out for that italian guy . what 's he name again ? brad correnti ? Brad smile , pleased that she 's take a interest , and have even go so far as to remember something he only mention in pass . sarah yeah . remember what happen to you knee last week ? she lay the back of she hand surreptitiously on he chest . sarah you should be careful , Brad . he stare at she hand just as she move it away . all be careful . . sarae promise ? ~ 45 ~ __ brad {smiles} yeah . yeah , I promise a moment pass between they . Brad break it by talk about - what else ? the weather . brad nlook at the sky } weatherman say scattered shower , I do not see any scattered shower . a man in loud swim trunk , with a orange diving mask on he forehead and a scuba flipper in each hand , stand by the lifeguard chair . he scan he surroundings . he be — the face from the flyer , ronnie mcgorvey . mcgorvey drop he towel and begin put on he flipper . he lower he mask , slide foot - first into the i , and begin explore — participate in water play , and take in the general scenery . sarah prop she self up and reach for she book . it be at precisely this moment that she see he . oh my God . brad what ? . sarae it 's he . . oa osquint oh , Jesus . at first , no one else seem to notice he presence in the water . beach ball float through the air . kid keep cannonballing and belly - flopping off the diving board . but then , not far from Brad and Sarah on the hill , a extremely agitate woman stand up , and shout , agitate woman jimny ! Jimmy mancino ! out of the pool this instant ! 3 skinny ten-year-old start paddle . uncertainty toward the edge of the pool . , agitate woman jimny , now ! another adult voice ring out , follow by a parental chorus . — 4h — adult voice randall , juliette ! you toc prrental chorus Grace ! pablo| Ruby ! Tyler ! maxi rebeccal lilly ! Zoe ! the shallow end empty first , anxious mother wading out with frightened toddler in they arm . before long , the older kide be climb ovt , too , stand in sullen confusion on the walkway . all over the hillside , adult be whipping out mobile phone , dial underwater - ronnie mcgorvey plunge toward the bottom of the deep end with the heavy grace of a seal . he rise slowly - break the surface to find himself alone in the pool . ronnie 's eye dart around inside he mask , absorb the situation . he duck back under , cut through the water , move he arm in wide lazy circle . he look peaceful , unhurry . he float on he back for a while , he pale belly rise out of the water like a desert island . minute later two cop enter the pool area and approach mcgorvey . Aaron and Lucy have take notice , too . _ ley why the police be here ? Sarah check with Brad , uncertain . : sarah there 's a man in the pool that do not buy a ticket to get in , and the police be ask he to leave . the cop speak to lcgorvey . the exchange seem polite , almost friendly . after a moment , one cop reach down and give he a hand get out of the water . aaron what 's that ? on the foot ? . brad flipper . they help you swim better . mcgorvey grab he towel , and begin trudging toward the exit , he flipper slapping wetly on the ground . he stop to pull they off , then strip off the mask , turn toward the hillside . be spread he am wide , address the public in a loud voice . mcgorvey E be only try to cool off : ext . town pool — later tt seem like the whole town have crowded into the pool , the decent people of East wyndam reclaim it for they own . the collective funk have break . adult get inte giggly splash fight . everybody try to keep a beach ball aloft . the SUN begins to disappear behind a cloud . the distant rumble of thunder . the sky go dark . it begin to shower , it seem like good fun until the lightning flash . a lifeguard speak through a loudspeaker . lifeguard ( 0.c. } clear the pool , please . the rain intensify as Sarah and Brad gather they thing . a savage crack of thunder sound . Lucy whimper and latch onto Sarah 's leg . Sarah lift she up . sarah we better get go . brad you be gonna carry she ? sarah it will be faster , brad . that 's crazy . put she in the stroller . Sarah glance at the stroller . big bear stare back . sarah she will not do the stroller . brad hey , Lucy ? want a ride ? Lucy unlatch from Sarah 's leg and run right into Brad 's arm , and he set she up in the thing . Sarah be both impressed , and envious . . sarab but it 's out of you way . __ brad we do not mind , do we , Aaron ? a flash of lightning sarah okay , then run , quick . — 4g — ext . sarah' STREET — later Brad push the double stroller at a fast clip . Sarah , carry Big bear in she arm , lead he toward she house . ext . sarah' house ( SUN rooh ) ~ same Sarah kneel down to unbuckle Lucy . both kid sleef like angel , Lucy 's head lolling on Aaron 's shoulder . Sarah hesitates , uncertain whether to invite Brad in , this awkward moment be interrupt by a close lightning flash . sarab you better come in . I can not let you walk home in this . int . sarah' house , live room , stair ~ same the two enter with the kid in tow . Sarah head straight in , Brad a few pace behind , take in the place : expensive , tasteful , and a couple of notches up the food chain from what he be use to . Sarah head upstairs carry Lucy . sarab we can lie they down in Lucy 's room . brad okay . he follow she up the stairway . int . lucy 's bedroom — day the child , dry now , sleep on Lucy 's bed . aaron clad in one of lucy 's flower cover nightgowns . Brad and Sarah , still soak , watch they in nervous silence . sarah ._ , ( whisper ) this be amazing . she never nap . brad whisper ) Aaron 'o be out for the next two hour . I will have to get he out of that nightgown before he wake up , or he 'o never forgive I . Sarah look at he and smile . upstair hallway ~ moment later Brad wait on the stair as Sarah secure the baby gate . bottom of stair / livingroom - same Sarah & Brad head down the final stair , and into the liviag room . the safety of the public arena remove , make keep each other 's company clumsy . ~ '' 9 — . brad Nice place . | sarah you think so ? brad yeah , sarah Richard do alright for himself . the comment be not mean to intimidate , but it do . brad what 's he do again ? . sarah lies . . ghey stand there stare at each other . puddle form at they eet . sarab um. please , have a seat . make yourself at home . Brad laugh , and pull at he soak clothing . brad , I better not . I ' 11 ruin you furniture , sarah nervous} right . I will just put the child 's thing in the dryer , and get we some towel . she head out of the room quickly , leave Brad alone . he look off the main entry way to a succession of small room , a open door lead to the first room situate behind a back staircase , clearly what be at one time quarter for a may . he step inside . nothing much to see . on the other side of the room be another door , gH htly ajar . he wander in that direction , and open the door , ind ~ sarahns study ue step into the room , and take a quick inventory of the place , she place . he move toward she old high - back , and push a finger into one of the many hole in its tear fabric . one of sarah' scarve be drape across the top of the chair , he place bis palm underneath the garment —- the material cascade over nis hand . at the base of a vase full of fresh flowers lie Sarah 's reading glass . 5 G fhe tip of he finger glide across she write kable ; past theresa raguin , to a book of English Love Sonnets . the k open easily , mark by a , ag yet , not fully dry rise , press against a off read iece : sonnet 147 by William Shakespeare . specific line appear to have be recently underline : my Love be as a fever , the uncertain sickly appetite to please , angry that he prescription be not keep , past cure be I . he turn the page to find a tuck - in SNAP - shot of brad , aaron , and lucy at the town pool . the book snap shut . he put it back down on the table , like it may burn he hand . his face a mess of conflict emotion . laundry room ~ same Sarah empty dry bedding and towel from a front loader into a empty laundry basket . she grab the child 's wet thing , throw they into the dryer and start the cycle . she move the basket to a fold table on the other side of the small basement room , pull out two towel and begin fold they into third . slowly , a shadow begin to grow across she back — Brad 's shoulder , and head appear . ae continue fold . oblivious to everything but the sound of the a he raise he hand , about to place it on she arm , when suddenly she turn , come face - to - face with he . startle , she gasp . she look genuinely frighten . what be he do down here ? the two of they just stare at each other — both appear unable to move . finally , she lift up the two towel she have fold , and offer one io he , there be something oddly formal about she gesture . he take the towel from she hand and drop it to the floor . she somewhat timidly drop the other one . he pull she into he , and begin toe kiss she , gentle , then forceful . her eye dart all over the place . then instinct kick in , and she surrender to the moment . the kiss become completel electrify , the kind of kiss that would make perfect sense outside a dorm room at two in the morning . they hand find each other for the first time , all bet be off — the play be real . laundry room — moment later squauk — the dryer announce that it bas reach the end of its cycle , however , the silence be short - live . grateful moan accompany the view of Sarah perch on the edge of a stone soap sink , grip Brad 's backside as he thrust himself into she . ~ 5 ] - Brad pick up the pace . they have reach a level of near-frenzy , when Brad suddenly stop . brad do you feel guilty about this ? Sarah think this over . sarar no. I do not . brad ido . I feel really bad . Sarah grimace , steeling herself for disappointment . but the deliberate motion of Brad 's body betray he word , put she mind at ease , and she body on high alert . she begin to vocalize uncontrollably . the laundry room door be slightly open , and she look toward the ~ ballway nobody 's there , but we . ext . sarah' house , front door ~ same the rain pour down on the double stroller — stand sentinel over the front door , int . mcgorvey house , upstair hallway — night move down a unknown corridor . stop at the end , outside a close door . may mcgorvey , 70 , small , frail , and fierce , lean in and listen . she reach up and gently knock . nothing . she knock again , may | ( gently quiet ) +.» son ? no answer . may ++ Son ? she turn to go . may {almost to herself ) +» - dream well , she pad back down the hallway . int . mcgorvey house , may' room -- niget May lie in bed read , the five people you meet in heaven . she close the book , and p ace it on she night table . she stare up at the ceiling towards the heaven . a change begin to come over she . she grab the east wyndam herald lie next to she , and quickly sort through the section until she find what she 's after . hee voice May know it be not natural for a grow man to be live with he mother , no hobby , no diversion ~ it be {ike he wes still in prison . she fold the Herald so that it 's manageable , grab a red flair pen from she bedside , and begin circle thing in the newspaper . voice what he need be a gizltriend , and May intend to help he find one . tick , tick ....- int . mcgorvey house , live room ~ morning tick , tick , tick . ansonia clock line every available table , side table , and shelf , in the room , shelf space be at a premium though . most be adorn with hummel porcelain figurine : little boy in charming bavarian garb depict the gentle innocence of childhood : afternoon nap , under a ella , Star gazer , newsboy , play with a train , and a flower for mother . someone be a serious collector . that someone be — may , who sit in a swivel barcalounger with a fold newspaper on she lap , a pad and pencil in she hand . she stare across the room to where ronnie sit sip coffee from a mug , and read soldier of fortune Magazine . may there be two whole column of lonely woman here , and only a handful of man . the odd be on we side . why would not one of this woman want to meet a nice person like you ? ronnie I be not a nice person . may you do a bad thing . but that do not mean you be a bad person . ronnie I have a psychosexual disorder . may you be better now . they would not have let you out if you be not . ronnie they let I out because they have to . May look nervous . may well , maybe if you find a girlfriend closer to you ow age , you would not have the bad urge so often . ij ronnie i do not want a girlfriend my own age mommy . I wish I 'did . may what nre ye gonna do when I be go ? who 's gonna take care of you ? ronnie look alarmed . he get up and sit at he mother 's foot . ronnie ; whatsa matter mommy ? you sick or something ? may I be a old woman , I be not gonna live forever . who 's gonna cook for you ? who 's gonna wash the dish ? ronnie I can wash the dish . may you never wash a dish in you life . _. _ ronnie I could if I have to . I be not a retard . she reach out and take he hand . may no , you be not ... you nre a miracle ronnie ... we be all miracle . you know why ? because as human , every day we about we business , and all that time we know — we all know , that the thing we love , the people we love — at any time it can all be take away ... we live know that , and we keep golng anyway . i do not do that . a moment . may now , I be not ask you to get marry ronnie . I be just say put a ad in the paper . see what happen . romnie sigh ; she 's wear he down . . ronnee Fine , 1°11 do it if it will make you happy . but just one date , alright ? May beam . she scribbles something on the pad , may you have a nice smile . why do not we start with that ? ronnie seem pleased , but also hungry for more praise . =o ronnie what else ? Hay seem to be at a momentary loss , then — may . you always eat what I put in front of you . you never complain , she write down this thing but before she can continue — ronnie what else , may ( confident } you be try to get back in shape . you exercise . : ronnie beam . May steal a look at she son , then continue the list . int . mcgorvey rouse , entry way — later ~ morning ronnie walk he yellow schwinn ten-speed past the kitchen , and head to the front door . may ( 0.c . ) wait right there , young man . May come into the hallway from the kitchen . may if you be go out for some exercise , you can post this now . she hand he a envelope . he glance down the address — the East wyndam Register ~ attn : personals dept . ronnie emm . he open the front door . ext . mcgorvey house — morning ronnie stand frame in the open threshold , the front door behind he be plaster with larry flyer affix with duct - tape . he stare out toward something as yet unseen , and smile . he continue to stand there a moment , and then walk he bike off the porch . be get on and gide down the - driveway , across which be spray-paint a singular word -e vil int . sarah' house , attic utility room — day Brad stand nude , face out the narrow window . a moment later , a nude Sarah rise up behind he , put she arm around he , and reach around to he crotch . saran nbreathe hard ) c'mon . let 's do it again . brad okay . just gimme a second . it 's hotter than hell up here . what 's wrong with the laundry room ? sarah no mattress , C 'mon lie down . hey fall onto a mattress on the floor , suxrounded by do forget attic storage . box , and thing once belong to Richard 's mother . sarahb you be nervous , be not you ? brad whatta you mean ? sarah the game . do not worry . you be gonna be great tonight . brad I do not know , . I have not play in ten year . it use to be such a big part of ay life . then when I stop , 1 just stop . I do not even miss it . but now that I be do it again ... I feel ... I do not know I ~ sarah noutting he off } you feel alive . there be something about the certainty with which Sarah say this that run through Brad like a lightning bolt . he look into she eye , and he face suddenly relax . brad eve yeah . sarah that 's good . that 's how you be suppose to feel . Brad smile . they both roll onte they back , and contemplate this act . : . brad you be right . it 's just be a while . sarae {to herself ) yeah . they continue to lie there together . , comfortable in silence . ext . mcgorvey house , driveway ~ day clorox bleach be splash onto the graffity concrete . may , on ali four , scrub and scrub . ext . east wyndam bomber 's midfield — night the two team stand face each other , bullhorn bob , in he electric wheelchair , between they . bullhorn bob ( grunt ) shake . no one tove . bullborn bob ( impatient ) shake ! pe the auditor stand stone-face and utterly silent during the ritual , like heavyweight boxer try to intimidate a challenger during weigh - in . the guardian refuse to be intimidate . finally , Brad start to extend he hand . correnti give he a dirty look . horrify by he lack of resolve . but the auditor directly across from brad , a massive beard han , begin to smile , like someone who smell weakness . he extend he and to Brad . as if this be some kind of collective signal , the rest of the auditor do likewise . bullhorn bob look up from he wheelchair at a ceiling canopy of clasped hand , like the top of a rainforest . bullhorn bob oraise he bulihorn ) toss ! the man step back , and lower they arm . bullhorn bob . {te the auditors} call it somebody grunt , '' head . '' Bob flip a quarter high into the air . it come down head . the auditor across from Brad point toward the guardian . brad look terrify . close on : the face of a stopwatch . bob' right thumb hover over the button . bhe ~ 5j ~ on the field ' the guardian be set to receive . the auditor 's kicker raise he hand , and bring it down in a chopping motion . bob 's face fill with the sadistic expectation of someone watch the beginning of a bloody cock - fight — bob thumb send the timepiece 's ing hand into motion . tick , tick , pick ... int . brad 's house , brad & kathy 's bedroom -- night Kathy glance at the clock : 10:07 pm . she look over at Aaron 's cherubic face , asleep on the bed next to she . she settles back onto a pillow pile , grab the phone , and hit speed~diai . kathy hi , Mom , I wake you ? split screen - meet marjorie , Kathy 's Park Avenue mother , elegant , well read , and divorced . she 's up late try to finish read galway kinnell 's Black Light . she reluctantly put the book down . marjorie no , dear . be everything okay ? : kathy I be fine , marjorie you do not sound fine . kathy . there 's nothing wrong . I just want to say hi . . marjorie well hi . so how 's my little guy ? kathy great he 's sleep right next to I . what a cutie . marjorie {like clock work ) so where 's Brad ? rathy out . hariorie I be surprised the library stay open this late . no she 's not . ratey he 's not at the library . he 's play football with he buddy . marjorie football ? honey . nobody play football this time of night . | . kathy ; this idiot do . he come home with scrape and bruise all over he body . marjorie De ye remember when you father take up golf ? kathy he 's not like dad . marjorie honey , they be all the same . kathy well , he 's not . marjorie you work so hard . I could keep a eye on the boy while you be at work , make sure they be stay out of trouble . do you want I to come up for a visit ? kathy ( fimm ) Mom , do not come up here . mbriorie mh I just worry ut you guy . what be you go to do if he fall the test again 's katey he 's not go to fail . marjorie . that 's what you say last time ... how be you do for money ? . kathy Fine . marjorie i'n gome send you a little extra this month . kathy ( lose patience } mariorie {cheerfully } it 's no burden . I be happy to help . ext . east wyndam bomber ' stadium , gangbox , — later bullhorn bob insert a rey into a padlock , and remove the cover of a large electrical MAIN . he reach up and kill the stadium light . 59 — int . " talk of tre town '' tavern ~ night with the exception of two player , the entire Guardian team sit front and center at a table in the middle of the place . they turn in unison as Brad '' Larry make a entrance through the front deor of the establishment . Larry look like shit . voice although the guardian lose by 26 point , Brad feel oddly exhilated in the bar after the game . Brad & Larry move across the bar room toward the guardian . voice . ».- he could feel a new respect in the way the cop look at he .. , pete olapfson stand , and grab a couple of chair for the guy . Brad & Larry sit . dewayne slap Brad on the back . dewayne Big Brad ! whatcha drink , buddy ? voice .».he be not on probation anymore ; he be a member of the team . tommy correnti stand and move behind Brad . he massage Brad 's trapezoid , like a old - time box trainer . corrente oh man . you be gonna be one sore puppy tomorrow morning . dewayne advil . advil and ice . Ice and advil . olaffson do not forget the ben-gay . . william and if all else fail , pou can always consult we team physician . william grab a shot glass from a cork - line tray in the center of the table , and offer it to Brad . . william Dr. Daniels . his frierid call he Jack . Williams pour Brad a shot of bourbon . Brad raise he glass . brad to the good Doctor , he throw back the shot . brad I feel better already . -' 8 - the man cheer approvingly , all except Larry , who stare sullenly inte he beer , int / ext . larry 's van ~ moving ~ later Brad stare over at a uncharacteristically silent Larry , who hold a ice - ~ bag to he eye while drive . finally - larry I have no business be out on that field tonight . I let you down . I let the whole team down . I be slow and I be fat and I let that guy piss all over I . brad . oh , come on . that guy be offrside the whole night . a moment . larry . joanie leave I . take the kid and go to she mother 's . brad Jesus , Larry . that 's a tough break . tarry I deserve it . I and my big mouth , I call she a fuck whore . right in front of the kid . brad why do you do that ? larry I do not know . I be in a bad mood or something ? now I be fuck . Brad watch he friend - worried . he try change the subject . brad hey , you hear about the pervert ? he go swim at the town Pool . larry what ? Larry whip he head in Brad 's direction , turn he attention completely away from the road . larry who tell you that ? brad obrag } . nobody . I see he myself . duriag the heat Wave , ~ §1 — - darry jerupt ) . . the town Pool ? that place be crawl with kid . sometimes my boy go there . brad {nervous now ) it be just that one time . he will not be back . ( reassure ) the cop come . larry {paranoid} any of the guy from the team ? brad oe mo . Larry start shaking he head and mutter to himself , as if something be very , very wrong . Brad look like he wish he have not bring it up . Larry step on the gas . brad Larry , slow down . slow down larry ! Larry spin the wheel hard to the left , pull a cop -show U -turn , the van do a about - face and speed straight toward US . a byperactive doorbell ring over ~- int / ext . mcgorvey house , front door — later May answer the door after the fifth ring . she do not seem surprised to find two man — one of they with a bruise and puffy eye , the other with a bag of ice press against he cheek ~ stand on she front stoop at two thirty in the morning . may {sharp and alert ) what now ? larry good evening , Mrs. mcgorvey . we be wonder if ronnie be home . ( ing ) snappin you leave hin alone . 2 y 2 we just want a moment of he time , just a little chat . May turn toward Brad ag if he be the one do the talk . he leok embarrassed and uncomfortable _ may _ , ( io ) this be my house . I pay the mortgage , and 3 say who be and be not welcome . Larry cup he hand around he mouth . larry oshout } yoo hoo , ronnie ! get you pervert ass down here ! May step back inside and try to slam the door , but Larry catch it with he foot , and kick it open even wider . may I be call the police . larry I hear they be well - dispose to child molester . all the air go out of the woman . ronnie himself appear in the hallway behind she , blink and bewilder , clad in pajamas . ronnie it 's okay , mommy . he gently insinuate himself between he mother and the man , ronnie can I help you gentleman ? Larry take a aggressive step toward ronnie , but May 's maternal instinct kick in , and she step in front of she son . may _ ( a demand} ronnie , you go on upstairs . he recede back into the house . ronnie {like a three - year - old ) alright , mommy . Brad grab Larry 's arm and try to restrain he . brad Cone on , Larry . let 's go home , I think he get the point . larry you listen to I , you piece of shit . you stay the fuck away from the town Pool , you hear I ? or I will personally fix it sc that you no longer have a dick to show anyone , be that clear ? ery ( fierce} you be a bully ! May step forward and get right inte Larry 's face . she address the follow directly to Brad . may hy ronnie would never do anything like opoint to Larry ] he do . Larry look scared for the first time . may {in for the kill ) that poor child at the mall ~ ( with disgust ) what you do to he . it 's he turn to have the wind knock out of he , May step back inside the house , and close the door with no resistance . int . larry 's van , parked — moment later a worried - look Brad sit in the passenger seat stare at Larry . for once be silent , and entirety still . he stare down at the steering wheel like a man who have fall into the deep possible y ss. brad Larry ? he do not respond . > brad Larry ? ( careful ) what do she mean by that ? Larry look up , furious . larry oh , do not pretend you do not know about I ! everybody know ! everybody ! Larry look like he may hit Brad . Brad 's hand slip down to the door , ready to jump out if he have to . brad ( careful , but sincere} honest , Larry . I do not know anything , I mean I remember hearing something a few year age when have first move here . something about a shoot at the mall , but that 's about it . I do not even know you then . barry look convinced . then embarrassed . larry I be sorry ... sorry . Brad just stare at hin , brad ( nod ) .. okay , Larry . Larry stare down at he hand . then up the Brad . a moment . . larry I still can still see that boy 's face , stare up at I . larry by rote dispatch say there be a shooter loose at the mall , .. it be the end of my shift . ten minute — ten minute and it woulda be someone else . Brad watch he friend disappear . all the air be out of he . silence , brad but it be a accident . you be try to stop the guy , and the boy get catch in the crossfire right ? larry no. I panicked . there be no shooter . just the boy . antoine Harris be he name . Big for he age , only thirteen - year - old . he be a good kid . think it be a big joke , wave around a airgun at he friend at the Big 5 . they be act out a scene from some movie they like . shop girl see it from across the way ... call 911 , brad Jesus , Larry — that 's terrible . but you do not know . it coulda be real . . larry but it be not . larry his parent ...uh..his parent . I have to — start to choke up , and Brad look away , uncomfortable with this kind of intimacy . larry I be diagnose with post - traumatic stress syndrome by three different psychiatrist , that 's why I retire . I could not do the job anymore ... for a year or two joanie be okay with I hang ground the house . but now she think I be azy . ~64 ~ 65 brad well , why do not you de something else ? larry ( snap ) . like what ? drive a fork lift at costco ? brad maybe you could go back to school . Larry stare dagger into Brad . larry I love my job . I do not want to do anything else . Larry 's gaze drift back to the mcgorvey 's front porch . larry you ever think about the term homeland security ? I mean really think about it ? int . editing room — day a boy of 8 , travis , sit on the couch in he live room , he foot dangle over edge not touch the floor , he stare at he hand . the boy look the boy nod . rathy's voice ( 0.c. ) } the day you find out that you be father have be kill in Iraq . do you remember that day ? up from he hand . rathy's voice ( 0.c. ) } can you talk about that ? do you feel comfortable talk about that ? travis .-- after the man come to tell my mom ... I cry . but she do not . she just go into she room ... grab the pillow off the bed , and cut the top off they with a be of scissors ... there be feather all over the place . kathy voice ( 0.c.} {gently } . that must have really frighten you . travis . no . she be try to find the crown . kathy voice { 0.0 . ) «+ . the crown ? the boy nod the himself . 65 travis | . the crown you leave in you pillow when you ee sleep on it for a long time ... my father ... he look up at a unseen rathy . travis .- my father have two crown . kathy ( 0.c. } alright , let 's stop there . Kathy and she editor franr , 40s and overweight sit in a small dark room illuminate by two monitor . Frank look at Kathy , who seem someplace else . you hungry ? kathy oe on frank mind if I get some lunch ? kathy no . go ahead . Frank leave the room . Kathy stare at the freeze image of Travis 's face . she reach for the phone and dial . the machine pick up . kathy : Brad ?... Brad ?... be you there ?.. , pick up . I know you be there . it 's Aaron 's nap ime ohide she concern ) -' alright , guess you be out somewhere . I love you both , bye . she hang up . glue to the boy 's face stare back at she from monitor . int . sarah' house , attic utility room — same all hill and valley . the curve of a hip trace by a finger tip . it move down the waist and continue to the shoulder . Sarah roll onto she back , stare up at the ceiling , and smile , Brad lean in and they gently kiss . Lovers who be sate , and comfortable lie in each other 's presence . Sarah reach up and stroke he face . the SOUND of women' voice in animated conversation . ext . townhouse ~ magic dean , hold a large tupperware container of brownie , herd a reluctant Sarah up the stair of a narrow two -story affair . sarab ; fou know , dean , I do not think I be up for this . ~ '' 7 — jean now , do not be silly . it will be fan . the woman cross the threshold and inte - int . townhouse , entryway ~ magic a small foyer , flanke on both wall by large frame poster : the first from chez panisse , the other a typical country landscape from provence . sarah {dubious} really ? jean do not worry " be not the only little sister here 's thnight . SI ( relieved ) oh . that 's good . Sarah peer into the live room , a airy artrfill space light only by the early evening sun . several woman chat amiably around a coffee table -- one of the women turn she head toward the foyer . Sarah 's expression tighten , as if in sudden pain . int . townhouse , livingroom - night close on Mary Ann 's face . she look offended . mary ann do anybody like this book ? _ because I really just hate it . pull back to reveal the book group , four older women , plus two little sister , Sarah and Mary Ann . they sit around a coffee table brim with wine , cheese , fruit & cracker . mary ann it 's 30 depress . she cheat on she husband with two different guy , waste all he money , then kill herseif with rat poison . do I really need to read this ? the book group be dismay by this blunt declaration . laurel , @ youthful sixty year - old , venture a response . laurel well , there be a lot of good descriptive write . the other lady nod . in vigorous agreement . josephine , short and plump , take the baton , josepeine it 's suppose to be depress . it 's a tragedy . Madame bovary 's undone by a tragic flaw . — 68 - next we hear from BRIDGET , a gertrude stein look ~ a~ - like . BRIDGET what 's she fly ? josephine : blindness . she can not see that the man be just use she . jean she just want a little romance in she life . you can not blame she for that . BRIDGET it 's about woman 's choice . back then a woman do not have a lot of choice . you could be a nun or a wife . that 's all there be , _ josephine or a prostitute . Mary Ann fix she gaze pointedly on Sarah . mary ann she have a choice . she have a choice not to cheat on she husband . BRIDGET usually it 's the man who cheat . I find it refresh to read about a woman reclaim she sexuality . mary ann reclaim she sexuality ? be that a nice way of say she 's a slut ? josepeine ( miff ) Madame bovary be not a slut . she 's one of the great character in western literature . a uncomfortable silence . then ~- laurel I be a little puzzle by the some of the sexual reference . she open she paperback , annotate with post -it tape flag . . laurel like this one . '' he abandon every last shred of restraint and consideration . he turn she into something compliant , something corrupt . '' Sarah 's falien into a kind of reverie . int . sarah' aptic utility room - day Sarah lean back on the mattress . Brad 's head bury between she leg . ~ 69 - znt . towneouse , livingroom ~ back to same laurel do anyone know what that mean ? mary ann tk mean she 's a sint . laurel do you think he 's tie she up or something ? BRIDGET {sotto} anal sex . josephine nod , look uncomfortable . . laurel do everyone get that but I ? jean let 's set that aside for now . ghancing at Sarah ) I be really eager to hear what we other little sister have to say . Jean raise she voice to get Sarah 's attention . jean I be not sure if you know this , but Sarah 's get a Ph.D. in English lit . Sarah startles to the present , pick up she cue . sarah * just a master 's , I never write my dissertation . jean well , you still have a lot more expertise than the rest of we . Mary Ann rolis she eye at this . then level they at Sarah . Sarah smile at Mary Ann , as if the two of they be friend . SARA i think I understand you feeling about this book , I use to feel the same way myself . when I read it in ged school , Madame bovary just seem like a fool . she make one foolish mistake after another . but_when I read it this time , I just fall in love with she . she 's trap . she can either accept a life of misery or struggle against it . and she choose to struggle . mary ann some struggic . sump in bed with every guy who say hello , ~ the __ sarae she fail in the end . but there 's | something beautiful and even heroic in she rebellion . my professor would kill I for sven think this , but in she own strange way , Emma bovary be a feminist . mary ann ob , that 's nice . so now cheating on you husband make you a feminist ? sarak no , it 's not the cheating . it 's the hunger . the hunger for a alternative . and the refusal to accept a life of unhappiness . the other lady beam with approval and fascination . Mary Ann just shake she head in disgust . mary ann maybe I do not understand the book . she just look so pathetic ... int . sarah 's attic utility room — day brad stand behind sarah make love , reach new height of abandon , perform a ecstatic duet of grunt , gasp , and whimper . sarah ( breathe hard ) be she pretty ? brad who ? . SARA you wife . int . book - group townhouse — back to same mary ann .. degrade herself for nothing . int . sarah 's attic ulility room — another day Brad slip Sarah 's bra strap off she shoulder . sarah ti 's a simple question . brad ( frustrated ) she 's pretty , okay ? bo we have to talk about this now ? '' tie tnt . book - group towneouse ~ back to same . mary ann . . I mean , do she really think a man like that be go lo run avay with she ? Sarah be beginning to wonder about this herself . sarah {uncomfortable now} .+-- possibly . ind . sarae 's attic utility room ~ another day after sex , Brad lean back against the wall to catch he breath . Sarah poke he chest with she foot . sarah how pretty be she ? he stare at she for the longest time . then — brad ( truthfully ) +.0& knockout . Sarah wince as if she 's be strike . brad {patiently ) beauty 's overrate , Sarah . int . sarah' bedroom -— night Richard dead to the world . Sarah wide awake beside he . voice Brad have mean this to be comforting , but at three in the morning it have precisely the opposite effect . he have a beautiful wife , a knockout , and she be sleep beside he right now . move in on sarah force she profile into the foreground . voice only someone who take he own beauty for grant would have be able to say something so stupid , and with a straight face . move past her face toward a wall painting which dissolves into — ext . brad' front porch — day Brad step out he front door , wear swim trunk , and hugging a picnic cooler to he chest . 12 voice , weekend be difficult for Sarah , forty - eight - hour prison stretch separate one happy blur of weekday from the rest . he lug it down the step and stow it in the trunk of a corolla . he glance out toward the street and - int . sarah' car ~ morning look haggard , Sarah duck down in the driver 's seat , try to see without be see . voice Sarah sometimes let herself be carry away by fantasy of a future very _ different from the life she be livin now . a future without obstacle , in which she and Brad be free to love each other in broad daylight ... ext . brad' house — continuous Aaron come out next , clutching a plastic beach pail and shovel , and head to the car . voice ... in which all the mistake of the past be erase , and they have no one to answer to but each other . katry emerge , wear tight short and a black bikini top , look taller , thin and more glamorous than Sarah have let herself imagine in she worst self - loathing insomniac nightmare . Kathy raise her arm and stretch , a vision so lovely it hurt . int , sarah 's car -- continuous Sarah slink even lower in the seat , bite she hand the keep from ery out . ext . brad 's STREET — continuous the corolla back out of the driveway and head down the street , pass the apparently empty volvo . voice tt could happen , she think . it have to . because she be not sure she could keep live like this for very much longer . Sarah resurface from the floor of the car look completely devastate . ext . town pool ~ day Brad and Sarah back in they usual weekday spot . they eye each other warily , as if something 's change . brad you okay ? . SARA yeah , fine . bow about you ? brad me? great . so , uh , how be you weekend ? sarah you really want to know ? ~ it suck . how be yours ? terrible . surprise , she turn toward Brad , sarar really ? brad yeah . Kathy and T go to the beach , but all we do be fight the whole time . Sarah try to look concerned rather than excited . you do ? brad yeah . it be be annual argument . about take the bar exam , like we whole life depend on it . sarah just get it over with . you will feel better . brad yeah , but it 's the whole thing ... I gotta leave town on Wednesday , take a train — it 's a two day ordeal ... and I be not even gonna pass . & you will do fine . brad no , I will not . I have not crack a book all sumer . in spite of themselves , they both laugh . SARA +s. I miss you . brad I miss you too . a moment . sbrab do not ... do not do it . brad what ? . sarab blow it off . she turn to he suddenly conspiratorial . sarah we should go somewhere , ya know just for a night . Richard 's out of town till Friday , and I be sure I can get a sitter for lucey . Brad chew this over , then shake he head . brad I can not ... do that . I gotta take the test . Sarah try to look understanding , but she face betray she . int . brad' house , bathroom ~ morning Brad put on a clean dress shirt get ready for a big couple of day . Aaron sit on the sink watch he father prepare . Brad reach over and stroke the boy 's mane . int . brad 's house , kitchen — morning Kathy & Aaron sit at the kitchen table , finish they breakfast . Brad have he head bury in a pile of jaw book - last minute cram . kathy well , I have a good feel about this . I be gonna buy a bottle of champagne . we will put it in the fridge and open it when we get the good news . brad do not get you hope up . we have be down this road before . she smile at he as though he 's a child return to school after a brief illness . kathy this time it will be different . I can feel it . ext , east wyndam station ~ morning Kathy 's corolla pull curb-side , Brad exit the passenger side hold he briefcase & overnight bag and watch Kathy drive off . he check he watch , head into the station and straight to the ticket counter . tj he shoot a look out the door of the station , then run back outside just as Sarah 's volvo pull up . he check to see if the coast be G lear oppatisty he jump inte the front passenger seat and the car take off . int / ext . sarar 's volvo , hoving / route 128 ~ morning Brad stare out at the scenery , _ sarah ( 0.c , ) can you believe it ? Brad glance at Sarah , who look prettier than we have ever see she , she eye bright with adventure , stray ringlet and unruly corkscrews of hair blow across she face . her hand move lightly over he thigh . sarar it 's we first date . a date . without the kid , I mean . brad . how be Lucy ? she ery or anything ? sarah you kid ? with Jean there ? she just about shove I out the door . Brad glance back at Lucy ' 's empty car seat . int . sarah' house , SUN room ~ day Jean , hold Lucy , tape color streamer back & forth across the room , get ready for they party . later . Lucy watch wide -ey as Jean open a tackle box . step~like shelf emerge , stock with felt , glitter , gold star , colo construction paper , sea glass , button , rounded scissor and paste , a cornucopia of craft supplies . jean I think today we could make something really beautiful . I have get so many thing here . we could make a picture frame , or a jewelry box , a hat ? whatever you like . Lucy smile , lucy ( with certainty ) something for my mommy . jean okay . Lucy 's hand reach toward the item , hover over each one , finally pause over a small , unfinish , wooden picture frame . then int . mcgorvey house , bathroom ~ day shave and shower , clad in beige docker and a new collare shirt , ronnie stand in front of the bathroom mirror . May fuss from aa . ; ronnie stop it . just stop it ! may hold on , ronnie . just hold on . with a pair of scissors , she cut a price tag off the shirt . ( bubbly ) there . you look handsome . she will not be disappointed . ronnie wait will she hear about my criminal record . . may I do not think you need to get into that gust yet . why do not you stick to small talk ? . ronnie what if someone recognize I ? may that 's highly unlikely . I make the dinner reservation at a restaurant over in haverhill . tr jd_of child 's laughter int . steak house — night ronnie gaze across the place at a nearby booth , where a family with two young child , a boy & girl , age 9 and 10 , start on they dessert . the child laugh as they father and 's mother engage they in some kind of game . ronnie , with great difficulty , pulis he attention away from then , and take the last bite of he food . he look across the table at sheila , who stare down at she plate . she have not touch a bite . ronnie 's Sheila ? _ , ( louder ) Sheila ? this produce the desire effect . she look straight at ronnie for the first time . sheila yes ? - ti -~ ronnie . . what 's the matter ? something wrong with the food ? sheila +e ro , ronnie . back at the house you mention you be on medication . Sheila nod compliantly . ronnie what kind ? sheila oh , all kind . mostly psychotropic . ronnie so you have some kind of a breakdown ? Sheila nod . ronnie when ? , sheila my junior year in college . ronnie you be that young ? Shelia nod . grateful for he interest and concern . ronnie what happen ? sheila +- +3 be not really sure , ronnie nervous breakdown do not just come outta nowhere . something musta cause it . Sheila sit in front of she untouched meal , concentrate hard , as if respond to a therapist . sheila I guess . but I be fine when i leave for college . maybe it be the stress of be on my own . maybe it be a chemical imbalance in my brain . every psychiatrist I go to have a different opinion . this one gay , dy. parris , say I must have be sexually abuse as a child , when I tell he I be not , he just say I be repress the memory . uncomfortable , ronnie change direction . 7b . ronnie right . so what happen after that ? you drap out of school ? shelia not right away . my mother send I to the campus counsell center . and they want the problem fix . like I could pha snap my finger and everything would okay again . _ ronnie ( sincere} oh yeah . I know all about that . sheila you do ? ronnie lean forward . ronnie yes . I do . Sheila smile . sheila {on a roll now ) either that or leave school , get marry , and have lot of kid like my sister . but I can not take care of kid . I can not even take care of myself half the time . besides , who 's gonna marry I ? ronnie take she in . ronnie you be not so bad . startle by ronnie 's complimentary tone , Sheila smile , shyly . sheila ee what ? ronnie ( shy ) you be not ... you be not so bad . Sheila beam . sheila T have not have a real boyfriend in six year ... not since my second breakdown . something happen to I on a Greyhound Bus , I end up in ~ the waiter arrive , interrupt she . waiter {to sheila} do you want I to wrap that up ? sheila ( still stare at ronnie ) what ? oh , no thank you . ronnie {to waiter ) | yes . weap it up , please . in 1l take it home . walter you folk gonna want dessert ? ronnie hat do you say Shelia ? you want to share something sweet ? Shelia just stare at ronnie , smitten , ext / int . sheila' buick , moving - night ronnie & Sheila ride in silence . ronnie let 's make a little stop . take the next leave . she suppress a smile , enchant by he take - charge attitude . int / ext , sheila 's buick , WALKER STREET park — night he buick be park on a empty street with its headlight still on . ronnie turn off the light . Sheila switch they off . Shelia face straight ahead , so do ronnie . the date seem to have have a positive effect on Sheila , or maybe the medication 's wear off . her voice sound livelier , a little less spacey . I have a nice time tonight . ronnie do not reply . sheila the last guy I go out with , you know what he do ? he ditch I . get up to go to the man 's room , and never come back . stuck I with the check . never say goodbye , never call to apologize . still nothing from ronnie . 8 ' sheila k thi e wasn 's t anyyay . he be this super normal ay , a etf shot cpa . he do ant want to dating some psycho . a smile play at the corner of she mouth . ~ 80 — sheila but you seem like a nice person . she turn slowly , as if volunteering for a kiss . it be only then that she see what he be up to . his right hand begin move up and down on he lap , and he breathe rapidly increase . Shelia watch from the corner of she eye . she sort of hum to herself , like a child on a ride that they be frighten of , and hope will be over soon . romie look up at she , he face fierce . ronnie you better not tell on I . Shelia continue to hum . ronnie { louder ) you hear I ?! she nod ~ but begin to cry . ronnie . you better not tell , or I will fuckin’ get you . ronnie stare at she as he huff and puff . his eye stray slightly to the leave , and just past she . she turn away from he suddenly , and it be only then that the true focus of ronnie 's attention be visible out the driver 's window — the playground ext . mcgorvey house — night Sheila 's car pull up at the curb . ronnie get out , hold he doggie bag from the restaurant . without a word she car speed away . int . mcgorvey house , may' roch ~ same May stand at she bedroom window watch she son cross the the front door . the iook on she face , tragically hopeful . ext . east wyndam station — magic the five -o- clock pull into the station and commuter disembark , Brad among they . he cross the platform and make he way over to the family car ~ Kathy sit wait in the driver seat , Aaron , securely fastened in he car seat , oblivious to he mother 's hope and expectation . Brad arrive and get in . Kathy make a quick study of she husband 's demeanor . ~ 81e ratey so? brad what ? rathy ( laugh ) the test , dummy . how would it go ? + salright , rathy I be worried . you never call home last night . brad guess , I could really use that cell phone . Kathy be catch off - guard by this response . she decide to ignore it . int / ext , sarah ‘s house , sunroom — magic Sarah grab she overnight bag from the.car and head toward the sunroom . the place be transformed : streamer , drawing on glass pane , and a home made sign on butcher paper run the width of the room : upper case letter write by Jean , and picture of people with circle body , and line out of there head by Lucy ~ the sign read : welcome home mommy Sarah eye the place warily , then turn from the room and head outdoors . she round the side of the house , look to make a more comfortable entrance through the kitchen door . sarah' house , kitchen — magic Sarah enter to find Jean sit at the table , knitting and listen to NPR . jean look who 's back . sarah thanks , Jean . you be a lifesaver . jean so how 's you old roommate ? sarae . . oh great , great . thanks for do this on such short notice , Sarah reach inte she bag , and pull out she wallet . sarah i want to give you something for you time . the woman leok surprised , and somewhat insulted . ~ b2 - jean that 's not necessary . Sarah pull some bill out . sarab no , really . I insist . Jean 's face wear the look of someone who have just discover what a person she think be a friend , really think of she . jean ( sharply ) please do not . sarab . + okay . Jean begin gather up she knitting and she craft box . any call ? jean no , it 's be very quiet . Jean head to the kitchen door . jean she 's asleep on you bed . we have a very busy day . sarah unconfortable ) well , that 's great . thanks again . Jean head out the door . sarae Jean , be everything okay ? Jean turn around and look at Sarah . she be about to honestly answer she question , but decide to bite she tongue instead . jean . ++. yes , she 's a wonderful child . without another word she make for home . int . sarah 's house , bathroom en suite ~ magic Sarah enjoy a hot shower , mentally relive she afternoon , while erase any trace of it at the same time . sarah' bedroom —~ same Lucy lie asleep on she parent 's bed , she tiny arm curl around a square object , after a moment the child wake . her ear perk to the sound of run water , come from the bathroom . a lucy ( mutter ) mommy ? sarah' bathroom — same Sarah shut off the water , squeeze she hair , step out of the shower , wrap she towel into a turban , and gaze into the mirror , try to find that sweet spot , that perfect angle . a tiny knock on the bathroom door . lucy { 0.c. } mommy ? Sarah sigh , and close she eye , fantasy interrupt . sarar oe eye ? lucy ( 0.c . ) be you come ? sarah' bedroom — same Lucy stand on the other side of the bathroom door . in she hand , she project for the afternoon . Lucy I have something . sarah ( 0.c. } what ? lucy I have something for you . silence , then ~ . _ sarah ( 0.c . give I a minute here , okay ? Lucy stand there a moment , then walk away - deposit she mother 's gift onto the bed on she way out of the room . the gitt be something of rare value : button adorn a frame , within which rest a photo of Lucy herself , int . brad' house , bedroom — night Kathy and Brad ile back - to-back . neither one of they can sleep . finally ~ kathy Brad ?.. Brad ? brad ener ? kathy Aaron be tell I today ali about he new friend , Lucy . Brad , still turn away , grimace . raphy . . she sound like a sweet little girl ... Brad look momentarily relieved . then ~- a moment . silence . rathy decide katey .». what ' 's the mother like ? . brad +. uh , nice enough , I guess ... ( yawn ) I can not even remember she name . . kathy be not it Sarah ? ++ - Sarah ? kathy yeah , Sarah ? from the pool ? she have a little girl name Lucy ? brad oh , Lucy 's mom , I forget , that 's right , she name 's Sarah . to push further . katey I think it would be nice for Aaron if we all have dinner together . Brad look horrify . brad s+» okay . int . brad' house , live room — night nodding off , Aaron and luc’ yellow canopy of light , a two tiny payr of feet protrude from a tent fashioned from lie side by side , surround by a warm the drine of they parent conversation . lished eof jone minature saw horse drape with yellow silk . grown-up in the middle - distance . ~ 25 ~ int , brad' house , dine room — night — continuous Kathy site next to Sarah , both sip they wine . they have make themselves comfortable with each other while secretly sizing each other up at the same time . Brad listen to Richard ~ who 's mid-story in a oft-told tale about he product consulting business . , brad so , you be in advert ? richard no . that 's a common mistake . I be in brand . and that 's really very different . sarahb Richard 's pretty high up in the company . Kathy smile at Sarah 's seem support of Richard . she shoot a look to Brad as if to say , '' be not it sweet how proud she be of this dolt ? '' Brad smile back at he wife . this be not lose on Sarah , and she begin eat at a rapid pace . richard yeah , yeah , yeah . like the other da this guy come to I , and they want to start a chain of chinese restaurant . he pause for dramatic effect . richard and not one of they be chinese ! everyone at the table be sort of wait for the punch - line , which never arrive . Brad and Kathy force polite laughter . Sarah look miserable . fortunately , Brad try to pick up the thread . brad well , where be they from ? richard they be a bunch of fat cat from Tennessee . but they think they can create a chain of restaurant authentic enough to fool the average american boob . more force laughter from Brad & Kathy . Sarah wish Richard would just shut up . she turn to Kathy , and try to change the subject . sarab . nre dinner ) this be delicious . rathy Te not it ? bh she look across the table at Brad , and smile . kathy Brad 's a fantastic cook . Sarah be nearly at the end of she rope , and uncertain how much longer she can endure this very strange dynamic . richard . so , have you see this flyer with the guy 's face plaster ali over the village ? lot of sturm and drang in we quiet little town , eh ? brad tt 's crazy . richard what T want to know be why they let a creep like that out of prison . sarah some of the people go after he be just as crazy . kathy what do you mean ? sarah well , just today I hear that some nut 's be geray - paintin , the poor guy " 's house , pight ire on he porch , and God know what else . Brad shrink . kathy do they know who 's do it ? sarah they think it 's some ex-cop . Kathy glance at Brad . sarab you know , that guy who kill the kid at the mall . brad {almost too fast } T do not think it 's he . kathy you be biased . {to Sarah ) Brad be friend with the guy . they be both on that Committee of concerned Parents . Sarah stare at Brad , perplex . fk 7 — sarahb I do not know you be on that . brad { ( nervous } . I play on he football team . and he ask I to distribute some flyer . sarab owound } hie 's on you team ? you never tell I that . Kathy look startle . it 's odd to hear such a possessive tone come out of another woman 's mouth , she study the dynamics of the table . every gesture , and every word , now view through a microscope . richard you know what 's weird ? I have never even see this mcgorvey guy . . sarab we do . richard no , we do not . sarah ( reclaim she position } not you . I and Brad . that day at the pool , remember ? Brad be unable to mask he discomfort with this question . brad {to Sarah 's question ) oh yeah , I forget . Kathy stare at Brad . volce sexual tension be a elusive thing , but rathy have pretty good radar for it . it be like someone have turn a knob a hair to the right ... Kathy 's view shift to the right - to now include sarah in the frame with brad for the first time in the scene . voice -.- and the radio station click in so joud and clear it almost knock she over , once she become aware of the connection between they , it seem impossible that she would miss it before . on @ hunch ... Kathy steal a look toward she own hand as it ~ inch toward she fork . voice Kathy drop she fork ... ~ b8 — her hand '' accidentally '' kneck the fork to the floor , it fall end - over - end in slow motion . she slip under the table to retrieve the utensil . voice «-- in the hope that while retrieve it she would catch sarak and Brad play footsie . Kathy stare at the forest of leg beneath the table . no footsie of any kind be in progress . voice but she be mistaken . Kathy look freeze , like a deer in the headlight , not sure what to do next . she make no move to join the other . brad ( 0.c. ) Kathy ? be you okay ? Kathy 's try not to hyperventilate . she stare dumbstruck at sarah be ridiculously painted toe . katey yeah ... just a sec . int . brad' house , bathroom — night Brad stare into the mirror with a big force grin on he face , the image be absurd until he hand appear with a toothbrush and he begin he nightly regime . voice Brad have convinced himself the dinner pasty have go well , that he and Sarah ad inanaged to put rathy 's suspicion to rest , at least temporarily . int . brad' house , bedroom — nigat he emerge from the bathroom and head over to join Kathy , who be already in bed . voice she certainly have not accuse he of anything , or behave in a way that make he think she would notice anything untoward . Brad pull the cover up and glance at Kathy . she smile . kathy I be really glad they come over . Brad smile back , confident that he deception have be a success . he # 20 over , kiss she on the cheek , then reach up and kill the ight . black ~ $ 9 - voice two day later , however ... ext . brad & kathy' house — day a chauffeur open the door of a town car , and Kathy 's mother emerge from the back . she scan the house with hungry anticipation . yoice -.-his mother - in- law show up for a '' surprise visit '' of ominously indeterminate length . and from that moment on , she accompany Brad and Aaron everywhere . ext . WALKER STREET playground — day voice to the playground ... Brad push Aaron & bear on the swing , he glance toward the picnic table formerly occupy by the busybody , only to be meet by t suspicious stare of he mother - in- law . ext . shaw 's supermarket , checkout — day voice to the supermarket ... Aaron sit in a shopping cart ; Brad and marjorie stand in a long checkout line , not speak a word to one another . Brad 's eye drift toward the magazine rack and land innocently on a bikini-clad model on the cover of fitness . as he turn he attention back to the line , he become aware of marjorie 's sternly disapprove face . ext . town pool ~ day voice :, - and to the town pool . Brad & Aaron be in they usual spot , with the addition of marjorie . Brad crane he neck , pretend to reach for something in he bag , steal a melancholy glance at sarah , who 's sit under a nearby tree , voice the worst of it be the pool . her large sunglass make it impossible to tell if she 's even notice . oice nevertheless ... int . brad' house , live room — night voice ... after threaten all week to go the football game ... Kathy and marjorie sit next to each other on the couch , starin across the room , like two people safely behind plexiglas , wate ! venomous snake at the reptile house . voice ..» Brad 's mother - in- law decide against it at the last minute . aeross the room , Brad bend over to tie he sneaker . brad you sure ? he try to keep the pleasure out of he voice . brad you be welcome to come . marjorie I would like to , but I 'ma little tired . you and Aaron sure keep I hopping this afternoon . kathy . look like you be on you own tonight . marjorie pat Kathy affectionately on the leg . marjorie ; besides , I need to spend a little time with my daughter . we have hardly say two word since I get here , the familiar SOUND of larry horn interrupt she . Brad leap up and head for the door . brad that 's my ride . . _ satey what time will you be home ? brad dunne , but pretty late , though . marjorie oforce smile ) be careful , and stay out of trouble . brass fanfare & kettle drum - a intro wortey of NFL pelm Ring a 99 ~ j1 - ext . east wyndam bomber 's stadium — night a passenger train speed by # a elevate transom . the view shift away from the track & toward a darken football stadium . through the lens of NFL film , we experience the follow — close on a american flag wafting in the summer air . voice | . wind whisper of high hope , victory be in the sky . slow 200m out from the flag high above the stadium , as bank of par light burst on , one panel at a time , illuminate - the empty bleacher . | voice one join with many on summer 's green field . ..»0 n the field , the guardian be line up for the open kick -off . they opponent , the controllers , a bunch of spandex - clad , twenty - something gym head , be set to receive . voice at 0 - 5 , the guardian be the basement dweller of the tri-county touch football night League . bart william , with he hand in the air , look to the sideline , where ~ bullhorn bob , stopwatch in hand , blow he whistle . william boot the ball , and the guardian charge downfield . voice the controller , a team of young hotshot from the financial district , be 4 - 1 , with a explosive offense that regularly rack up 40 to 50 point a game . but from the open kick -off ... the controllers 's speedy return man be gang - tackle by four ferocious guardian . voice oe this ragtag ' oup of law enforcement officer decide to crunch they own be . dewayne savage number 29 , correnti clothesline number 12 . brad submarine number 28 . william and olaffson sandwich number 39 again , - 92 - voice but the controller score first , after . recover a Bart Williams fumble deep in guardian territory sear the end of the second quarter . controller 's number 39 strut in the end zone , while bart clutches he head in dismay . voice . : the guardian even thing up early in the second half ... brad complete a slant pass to dewayne . bart rush up the middle , struggle for six yard . voice «+» move methodically downfield ... brad pitch the ball to dewayne , who turn the corner with correnti and larry block . ~ voice . -..on a 80 - yard touchdown drive . brad throw a short pass to dewayne for the score . voice the controller regain the lead with a fourth quarter field goal . the ball tumble end over end through the goalpost . bullhorn bob raise he hand , signal , '' it 's good . '' . voice | with less than a minute to go , trail by three , the guardian face the extinction of they hope , it be they last chance , fourth and five on they own thirty - five . close on brad' hand , open like a clamshell against larry 's ass as he take the snap . brad bootleg right , look first for ritchie murphy , he short man . cover . ditto on bart , he middle receiver . brad cock the ball , ready to throw to — dewayne , he last and best chance , only to watch he slip and fall as he make he cut . brad loop back to avoid the pass rush . he look up to see open field ahead . he tuck the ball and run . Fifteen , twenty , twenty five yard , the field pitching toward he with each pound stride . ~ 9 } — the controllers begin to gain on he . out of nowhere dewayne pull up beside he to run interference , but the controllers number 39 trip wp dewayne , leave brad expose to the controllers speed demon er 23 , he 's only inch away from the tackle when suddenly larry , scream like a banshee , fly between the two man and flatten the controller . the controllers , number 9 catch up to brad as he cross the fifteen yard - line . brad slam on the brake so drastically and unexpectedly that he pursuer simply go zoom past he with a desolate cry of protest stumbling out of bound and leave bi with a clear path to the end zone . he spin on he heel and jog backwards into the end zone , the ball raise triumphantly overhead . he spike the ball , he arm stretch wide , he chest heaving . brad search the stand for a witness the he glorious moment . to he surprise , he see — sarah in the top row of the bleacher - she 's see it ail . the music crescendo to a finale as they eye meet . the NFL film sequence morph into we previous reality ext . east wyndam bomber 's stadium , bleacher — later Larry appear to be the only player remain . he zip up he gym bag , and then look out across the field , scan it for he friend . " larry ocall out ) Brad ? no answer . finally , he spot two shadowy figure embrace in the end - zone . Larry hesitates , then walk back onto the field , and make he way toward Brad and Sarah . he stop near the ten yard - line . larry Brad ? Brad look up , piss . brad what do you want ? ye larr 's all the guy be wait for we at the bar . be you comin’ ? brad why do not you go ahead . i’11 catch up later . larry you be gonna come , right ? we need to celebrate . brad yeah , yeah , i°ll be right there . 94 larry ( desperate ) you promise ? brad Jesus , Larry . I just tell you . larry well ... you get a ride ? brad year . Larry turn to go . larry . ok. I ' 11 have a cold one wait for you . Larry stomp off . int . " talk of the town '' tavern — night the place be omety save for Larry , who sit at the bar , utterly alone . two beer , and two shot line in front of he wait for Brad 's arrival . Larry stare at the glass with heartbreaking expectation . ken , the bartender , stand directly across from Larry ~ look every inch the man who be about to kick Larry 's ass . ken Larry ? Larry !? Larry finally look up . ken you need to go home . larry just give I five more minute he promise he be come . ken I do not care what he promise . I need to lock up . now get you butt out of here . Larry do not move . ken now ! east wyndam bomber 's stadium , end 20ne -- night Brad and Sarah lie on they back together look up at the night sky . still high from he triumph , Brad bubbles with a animated enthusiasm . brad when I look up and see you — it be just . wow. wow . thank God you come . I do not want to go home . I want to stay right here forever . gham brad ( cont ) . for the first time in my life I feel like I can do anything . like anything 's possible . you know ? Sarah rolis onte she side to look at he . her eye be wet and puffy , she voice husky with emoticon . sarah what be we do here ? brad whatta you mean ? sarah it 's not real , Brad . tt 's wrong , and it 's weird , how long be we go to sneak around together ? how long can that last ? brad no . do not say that . Brad look like he high be very likely on the way to a terrible crash . brad I want you to listen to I , Sarah . as long as I know we be go to have this , as long as — _ sarah ocutting he off ) . have what ? what be this ? look if that dinner party at you house be any | indication ... you seem pretty happy with we wife . I mean you have this perfect ite and I do not want to be the one that ... something come over he , he can not lose this ground . not tonight . he immediatély kick into high gear . he lean in to she . , __ brad run away with I . sarah what ? you ... you do not mean that , brad you believe in I . his new confidence excite and frighten she . brad c'mon . we will go away ~ figure this thing out ... it 's not weird . the kid be comfortable with each other . I know there 's more to it than that , but let 's do this . please . please , Sarah . he kiss she deeply . then pull back slowly . Sarah 's face react with the force of someone who have just win the lotto but have no idea where the redeem the ticket . 9 gm sarah {breathless } we sokay. giggle ) yes . yes . ext . '' talk of the town '' tavern , parking lo ? ~ later Larry sit on the curb outside the entrance of the place , mutter . his head bury in he lap , like a jilted lover . larry Brad , ... fuckin 's Brad , I be so sick of hearing about that guy ... o00h Brad make the fuckin’ touchdown .... yeah , you know why he do not have the ball to show up here tonight ? because I make the fuckin’ block ... that 's why he can not even look at I , he 's embarrassed to even see I . Larry have work himself into quite a lather . then ~ larr ! ( furious ) | I hate everyone in this fuckin’ town . the SOUND of tl. St ching pan larry ( 0.c. ) ( into a bullhorn ) up ! int . mcgorvey rouse , may' bedroom — night May lie in bed , she eye open as if from a bad dream . larry { 0.c. ) } wake up ! wake up ioward court ! May sit up in bed . may ( as if to god} okay , I be awake . larry ( 0.c. ) OPEN you eye ! get you GOD damn head out of the sand ! may nconfuse } my head ? my God damn head ? she stand too quickly , and have to sit back down to recover . she take a breath . then slowly make she way to the window . larry ( 0.c. ) don ’t you people love you chtled ? don ’? you wane to protect they from evil ? May pull up the shade and look down to see Larry stand in front of she house . qj larry woodward court ! there's a pervert in you ee there 's a GOD damn pervert in you midst . int . mcgorvey house , upstair hallway — same Larry 's voice continue to emanate through the place . the hallway light switch on . May cross out of she bedroom , throw on a robe , while head to the stair . ronnie 's head peak out of he room . may it 's okay , ronnie . just stay inside . May hurry downstairs . ext . woodward ct . ~ same house light up and down the street domino on . as Larry 's rant continue . ext . mcgorvey house , front stoop ~ same the door open on a very angry May , dress in a nightgown & robe . may you dirty son-of - a-bitch ! get off my lawn ! in a frenzy , she run toward Larry in she bare foot . who the hell so. you think you be ? Mr. High and mighty ? Larry ignore she . ( through gh bul horn ) no pervert av the town pool ! no pervert at the town pool may oshout } you think you be God ? Far from it . Larry inadvertently address she through the bullhorn . larry I xnow I 'm not gob . I never say I be . may you be the murderer . you kill the boy . Larry lower the bullhora . larry I do not surder anyone . now why do not you go back inside and put some clothes on . 98 may you shot he through the neck . tread it in the paper . to he amazement , May lunge for the bullhorn , and try to rip it out of he hand . she have no chance against he strength . he raise it inte the air , and she along with it . may ( angry ) : give I tne . dust give it to I . big guy voice { 0.c. } hey , mister . you need to go home . Larry glance over he shoulder , and see two man stand by the curb a big guy in lightweight pajamas , and a litple guy dress in a robe . ; little guy the police be come . _ big guy ; you be scare my kid , I wish you would cut it out . larry ( grunt ) . you kid need to be frighten . they live across the street froma pervert . a_stren blare in the distance Larry 's ear prick up at the threat , he look down the street and then make one last tug on the bullhorn . the momentum send May tumble backward onto she lawn . this go unnotice by Larry as he move toward the sidewalk to see which direction the squad car will arrive . the Big guy and Little guy run over to where May have fall . little guy oh , my God ! Mrs. mcgorvey be you okay ? she 's flat on she back , and unconscious . big guy May !? mayi ? I think we better call and yalance . , oshout } . Karen ! call a ambulance right now ! | , karen ( 0.c. ) I be do it . Larry finally see what have happen , and tentatively make he way over . he stare at May 's twitching limb and hear ah awful gurgling noise come from somewhere deep in she throat . her eye be wide OPEN , stare straight into he . her lip be move , but there be not any word come out . he look scared . ~ 99 .. larry oh , fuck . this be all 7 need , ext . hecgorvey house , front yard ~ later gumball light rake everything , people in nearby house gawk from they porch , other neighbor make they way down the street to get a better look at the scene . may , attach to 02 and a iv drip , lie supine on a gurney as she be load into a wait ambulance by two emt 's . larry sit in the back of a police cruiser watch it all . a police officer lead ronnie away from he mother 's side , and back toward the front of the house . ronnie turn he back on the cop . at this moment he be only interested in look at one man ~ larry -- lock in the backseat of the squad car . ronnie 's gaze be fill with a intensity we have never see , Larry , see it too , and be the first to look away . ext . taxicab , east wyndam presbyterian hospital ~ night a cab pull up to the curb . ronnie get out of the car , hold a woman' TRAVEL case , and head toward the hospital entrance . int . icu , waiting room — night a television mount from the ceiling drone bloomberg . other than a teenage girl , read time Magazine , ronnie be alone . a hand appear in front of he , hold a cup of coffee . he look up in surprise to see - a 30 year - old puerto rican woman extend the beverage . puerto rican woman Cafe con leche ? he nod , gratefully take the cup from she hand . she sit down beside aim and drink from she own cup . she open she wallet and lean over to he , display its content : a sear portrait of a older Puerto rican woman . puerto rican woman madre . ronnie pat he pocket , and realize he have no photo of May to share . he nod to the woman . ronnie I too . she 's rest now . ~ 100 - in '. icq , may' room - same May lie in a hospital bed , attach to a ventilator , catheter , erg diode , and drip . a monitor sound its steady metronomic beep , as a nurse 's band steady a envelope that may be struggle to address : '' ronnte * int . east wyndam police station — same a hand , attach to the hash marked sleeve of a policeman 's shirt , pass a man' belt , a pack of chewing gum , and a wedding band across @ recess on the underside of a plexiglas wall counter . on the other side of the divider , a pair of hand attach to a familiar sweat shirt receive the above . on a prisoner release form , a signature be make on a line above a type name ~ Larry hedge . . a wall mounted security monitor memorialize the exchange . ext . police impound yard — later the street be empty , except for Larry , who glance around in all direction , as he make he way over to a chain - length - fence , and rest he hand against it . out of nowhere a barring german shepard leap spread~eagle onto the fence and try to bite Larry . Larry , safely on the other side , jump back , startle . a large man with a pot belly emerge from the impound office and pull the dog back . large man get down — knock it off ! he grab a chain that be permanently fastened to the side of the bul ding and attaches it to the animal 's collar . then open the chain - length -tence . the dog continue to bark . Larry back away , put as much distance between himself and the shepard as he can . headlights smack Larry in the face as he van emerge from the back recess of the lot , and pull up to the fence . Larry clock the dog as he step forward to retrieve he van . the animal give a constant low growl , not take he eye off Larry for a second . Larry throw the van into gear , and take off . int . larry van — night he drive as if in a trance . Larry look worriedly down at he right hand , which shake uncontrollably . he try to steady it by grip the wheel , as if he life depend upon it . ~ 1ol - int . icu waiting rooh — night bonnie , agleep in a chair , be alone in the room now . the tv continue to drine in the background . a nurse arrive at he side ~ she take a seat beside ronnie and , place she hand on he shoulder , gently wake he . nurse Mr. mcgorvey ? Mr. mcgorvey ? ronnie stir . _. nurse I be afraid we have some bad news . ronnie just stare at she . int . icu staff counselor 's office -- night a windowless office with fluorescent lighting . Day or night — the place femain the same . a icu counselor be midway through a speech e's give too many time . by degree , he bedside manner only slightly more sensitive than a veteran police officer read a perp they miranda rights . counselor do you have a mortuary to make the arrangement for you ? silence . counselor . it 's not a problem . the hospital have a list I can provide you with . now here 's what 's go to happen . you mother 's body will remain in she bed for up to three hour . Three hour be typical , but if there be a request for more time , depend on we occupancy , it 's usually not a problem . if there 's anyone you would like to call ~ family , friend , they be welcome to full bedside visitation privilege before the body be take lownstair to be prepped for transport . do at have any question that come to mu ronnie be silent . counselor anything we can help you with ? ronnie finally look up . ronnie vo rg . counselor okay . I have like to remind you to take all of you mother 's personal belonging with you before leay the hospital today . ~ 102 - counselor ( cont ) . and all I need from you now be to sign this release - of-remain form . he slide a clipboard across the desk . ext , hospital , parking lot ~ following afternoon a daze ronnie leave the hospital , clutching May 's travel case . he head down the sidewalk , but stop suddenly when he see — the same cab that drop he off the night before , wait at the curb . ronnie head over and get into the back seat . the car pull away . as it leave the hospital parking lot it pass — larry , sit in he van at the other end of the parking lot — watch . int , mcgorvey house , entry way ~ late afternoon the door open and close to ronnie 's feet . they make they way inside , and over to a pair of may' shoe , that sit patiently wait for she return . int . mcgorvey house , may 's bedroom -- late afternoon ronnie 's hand unpack May 's travel case , he remove each item , and gently lay they onto the bed : a compact , a toothbrush , moisturize creme , and a hairbrush . he be about to ciose the lid , when he spot something on the bottom of the case , a envelope with a single word roughly scrawle across its front - '' ronnie . '' int . mcgorvey house , kitchen ~— night the kitchen light flick on . ronnie stand in the doorway , the unopen envelope in he hand , take stock of the mess he 's make in the past few day — unwashed dish pile up in the sink , yesterday 's half ~ eaten dinner still sit on the table , right next to a overflowing ashtray . a play ~ tex rubber glove be tug over a hand . the faucet run , fill a pot with sudsy water . a determine ronnie reach for a sponge & get down to work . later the glove come off , and be toss in the sink . the kitchen look clean . ronnie cross over to the kitchen table and sit . he stare at_the unopened envelope , now rest in the fruit basket . he tentatively pick it up , and slowly turn if over in he hand . how long should he wait to have this conversation with he mother ? he wait , but a moment , and then open it . a single line of script , '' please be a good boy . '' if . his face begin the contort , as if he 's in real pain . he drop the piece of paper and flee the kitchen . live room he fly into the room , talk to himself , while he move straight to the many shelf full of hummel figurine . he stare at a myriad of innocent face , the little boy & girl in halcyon setting seem to be mock he . it be the hour , and suddenly all of the clock begin to strike . so do ronnie . with a frightening intensity - smash , throw , and destroy the figurine , the clock ~ all of it , he display a energy and determination we have never see . int . brad 's house , hallway ~ night Brad make he way along the upstairs hallway , stop outside the doorway of . — aaron's room Brad stand there a moment stare at he , jester - cap clad , son asleep on he bed . after a moment , Brad kneel down and shake the boy awake . brad fwhisper ) Aaron ? Aaron nod . and sit up a little . Brad take a deep breath , study he son , who gaze back at he with trust eye . brad Aaron ? 1 aaron slee yes , dalay ? py ) brad ( almost plead ) could you take off you hat for I ? just for a second ? to Brad 's surprise , Aaron do ag he 's tell . aaron bre you mad at I , daddy ? brad no , no , no . I just want you to know that I love yo very much , and I would never do anything to hurt you . okay ? aaron +> okay . Brad lean over and kiss Aaron on the cheek . brad you can go back to sleep now . ~ 1lt4 - int . brad' house , bedroom — later close on a piece of paper be slip into a envelo ; it rise up not e to brad 's lip , and he lick flap . the front be auhress with a single word - " athy . '' his eye stray to Kathy 's bedside table on which rest a frame picture of husband & wife . Kathy stand in front of Brad — protective . hallway marjorie and Kathy busy themselves with after-dinner clean - up , in the hallway behind they , Brad pass unnotice on he way the the front door , carry a SMALL gym bag . he open the door , glance over he shoulder toward the kitchen , and leave the house . int . sarah' house , live room — same Sarah round the bottom of the stair to find Lucy , in front of the television , watch Charlie Rose . she cross to Lucy , kneel down , and pick she up . sarah Lucy , come on . let 's go . ext . sarah' house — night Sarah emerge with the child on she hip , she free hand struggle with the overnight bag and a barbie backpack . she barrel toward she volvo , open the back door and be immediately face with the impossibility of Lucy 's car seat . lucy I will not get in the car seat ! Sarah struggle to load she in , Lucy go completely stiff and straight make this a impossibility . yes , you will . you will get in the car seat . so lucy ko. I will not . 1 a } sadin please ! 5 cup to : the opposite back passenger door open Sarah try to appear calm , - 105 — sarah , alright , you do not have to get into the car seat . you can just lie here . she lay Lucy onto the back seat , Lucy allow this . 3 ro , actually ... she put the child down on the floor . sarab ++- get on the floor . now just stay on the floor . stay on the floor and hide . or mommy will get arrest . okay ? Sarah shut the door . int . mcgorvey house , kitchen - night look wild - eye and mutter angrily to himself , ronnie rummages through a cutlery drawer until he find what he 's look for . he draw he finger along the blade of a butcher knife , testing its sharpness . ext . WALKER STREET playground ~— night Sarah , carry Lucy , arrive at the playground , enter through the front 's gate . Sarah tuen and close the idtch with a clank . lucy mommy , I want to go home ? sarah ( impatient ) in a minute . as soon as Brad get here . int / ext . larry van , mcgorvey house — night Larry 's park outside ronnie 's house , stare at the front door . si of a RBI rb int . mcgorvey house , front hall — moment later the entry way be unoccupy . no one move to answer the door . the ringing stop . we hear the SOUND of knock , and the door slowly open to reveal Larry . he look nervous , unsure how to proceed without the obstacle of a gatekeeper . larry ronnie ? ert , MAIN STREET — night Brad , carry he bag , walk past the darken business in the town center . he look like a robot , or a man head to the gallow . finally he pick up the pace to he normal gate — break into a trot , and then a full out sprint . ~ 166 — ext . WALKER STREET playground — same Sarah push Lucy on the swing . she steal a look at she watch , and then glance toward the front gate . she turn back around and continue push the swing . her ear perk up at the sound of rapidly approaching footstep she smile . the gate clank open . she smile and turn toward the sound . but instead of find Brad ~ it 's ronnie . his hand be bury beneath he shirt , and he be moan . his hunch - over figure make he way past she , and over to the swingset at the opposite end of the park . oh , my God . almost unconsciously , she continue to push Lucy . the metronomic rhythm some sort of odd comfort . she keep she eye train on this man , and then steal a expectant look back toward — the entrance of the playground . ext , municipal library — same Brad sprint down the street past the library , but at precisely this moment '' G " come fly through the air on he skateboard , sail right | across he path . Brad come to a complete stop . his eye follow the boy . " 6 " ( 0... ) hey , dude . what 's you hurry ? as if in a trance , Brad walk straight up to the skateboarder , who be gather around a steep concrete stairway . he have never be this close .to they . Brad stand next to '' G '' , who watch one of he minion fly off the staircase . the boy turn to he , extend he ard . 4 why do not you take a run . , another skater give it a shot , see what happen . brad you guy be orazy . the stai ) inting to stairway I can not bo that y a tt 's not about chat . he speak to Brad as if this be the most important piece of wisdom one person could impart to another . a or tt 's about skate . CUT to : - 107 - ext . municipal library — moment later Brad stand on the board , poise ak beginning of a long run of | concrete . he kick forward gain speed . the skateboarder urge he on with shout , whoops , and cry of encouragement . he will need it . his approach to the stairway be come up fast . it must be right . rere it be . he launch off the stairway , catch a unbelievable amount of air . ext , WALKER STREET playground — same Sarah , try to ignore ronnie 's presence , glance over she shoulder expect Brad 's arrival . the SOUND of ronnie sobbing be something she can no longer ignore . she turn to see — him hunch over on he swing , cry uncontrollably . she pause just a moment , and then abandon Lucy 's swing , and make she way over toward the other end of the park . stop half - way between the two structure . she wear a look of uncertainty on she face as she take a couple of hesitant step in he direction . sarah 2 +. do you need help ? re look up at she in shock , and then nod . ronnie ( through tear } ++ she 's go . he can hardly get the word out . ronnie --- she 's ...gone . Sarah do not know who '' she '' be , even so , she offer what little sclace she can . SARA enth oe who ? . be go ? ronnie se . mommy . sarar I be ... I be sorry . ronnie she love I . a moment . ronnie she 's the only one . ~ 108 — he drop he head back down , and continue to sob . what he say from this point on be to himself . for he , Sarah no longer exist . ronnie ; mommy die ... mommy die ... Sarah be at a complete loss , she stand dumbstruck for a moment . the SOUND of the entrance gate clanking shut , turn she around , expect to find Brad . instead she find Lucy 's empty swing , sway back - and -forth . Sarah panic . Lucy ?! nothing . Lucy !!! nothing . the child be nowhere in sight . Sarah scan the tiny playground . the child have disappear . Sarah sprint away from ronnie , and begin search the shadow . sarah nscream now ) lueyitiit nothing Sarah sprint toward the entrance , and emerge onto — the STREET ~ she look up and down in both direction . her face primal , as be she cry . . lucyilit a moment of terror that feel like a eternity . finally , about a hundred yard down the sidewalk she see — lucy — the child stand at the base of a street light stare up at the lamp , as if hypnotize . insect flutter in group , propelling themselves against the vapor . the child be utterly absorb . Sarah 's face relax . though it wear the confusion of she sudden outburst and momentary sense of loss . sarab lacy ! — 109 — Sarah run to Lucy , scoops she inte she arm , and head the she ~ car almost hyperventilate now . sarah get in ( ee uk - seat . set in the car-seat . the child do not fight she . unto the’ seat , but fer soaking hend nae aness of it . pinally eho aust for enitar tae . ees orward and begin to seb uncontrollably Lucy look down at she mother , concerned . she lift up she tiny hand and place it on top of Sarah 's head ~ gently stroking it , back and forth . lucy it 's okay , mommy . it 's okay . Lucy continue to caress Sarah 's head , and this seem to calm she . Sarah raise she head up , and look at she daughter . her eye unwaver , transfix by the child 's face , which greet she with unconditional trust . the two suspend together . nothing else exist . Lucy stare at she mother curiously . and it be in this moment that something essential in Sarah completely transform . & «+ . oh , Lucy . she lean forward and embrace she daughter . sarar I be sorry ... I be so sorry . she kiss she daughter 's nose , forehead , and cheek . ( whisper ) would you like to go home ? the child nod . sarah okay , let 's go . Sarah get to she foot , close the back door , and climb into the front . ext . waleer park , rathbun avenue ~ nigh ? her car pull away from the park , where , for a split second it cross path with a ambulance head the opposite divection . Sarah slow to a safe distance before continue on she way . ext . municipal library ~- night dewayne , look very official , tower over we dress in a police uniform . he crouch slowly , he face full of concern . dewayne Brad ? Brad lie flat on he back . dewayne Brad ? can you hear I ? his eye flutter open . dewayne . . do not move , the ambulance be on its way . he stare up at dewayne , as if suddenly waking from a dream . { not og Jesus , what tbpene to I ? dewayne . I do not know , but this kid say you have be out cold for the last five minute . '' " G " appear next to dewayne . age man , you almost have it . another boarder join " g6 " and dewayne . another boarder dude , you be awesome , still another boarder man that shit be knarly . a small smile of satisfaction form on Brad 's face , dewayne alright back - up . back -up . give he some room . ite brad} . just hold still . hold still , everything be go to be alright . ext / int , municipal library , ambulance — night strapped onto a gurney , Brad be lift into the ambulance . the ambulance attendant be about to shut the door when '' g7 interrupt . - llad - ~lli- '' gn hey , bro . this fall out of you pocket . he extend the envelope address to '' Kathy . '' Brad frown , brad ( wave he off } thanks , I do not need it anymore . Brad raise he head , make eye contact with dewayne . brad dewayne ? could you call my wife ? dewayne you get it buddy . ext . WALKER STREET playground - night from a distance we see ronnie sit alone on he swing , still hunch forward with he hand in he lap , moan . slowly we make up the distance , move toward he - the SOUND of gravel under move foot — someone be come . as we arrive at he back , the crunch of gravel stop . still lose in he own private hell , ronnie be oblivious . a large male hand reach out and come to rest on he shoulder . male voice ( 0.€. ) I be so sorry ronnie ... I really be . ronnie 's head pit up . suddenly present . his face scared , but also angry . he be look at — larry i never want anything like this to happen . ronnie just stare at he . ashame , Larry avert he eye , and stare at the ground . and he see something from this proximity that Sarah completely miss from she vantage point : beneath the seat of ronnie 's swing , drop of trickle to the below . : Larry 's eye go wide . he look up the ronnie . larry ( scared ) se» alg you . , . be you okay ? ronnie smile . he stand up and take a couple of step away from Larry . he turn the face he , and drop he pants . ~ 112 ~ from behind it be apparent he have wrap he lower extremity | in rolis and rolis of cotton gauze ~ like a paper towel , the white texture rapidly absorb red . Larry stare at ronnie 's crotch . horrify . ronnie .+. I be ... Im gonna be good now . ronnie 's leg go rubbery , and he begin to collapse . before he hit the deck , Larry catch ronnie in he arm , lift he off the ground , and quickly carry he the the — parking lot the side door of the van open , and Larry carefully lay ronnie down in back and cover he with a blanket . Larry , now cover in blood , look down at ronnie worried . larry hold on ronnie . I be not gonna let anything happen to you . you hold ont he close the door , and run around to the driver 's side , jump in , start the van , pull a portable gumball light from under the dash and place it onto the roof . voice in he wildest dream , Larry would have never imagine he have once again be in this position , where precious minute count . Larry 's van screech out and tear down the road , drive like there 's no tomorrow . int . larry van , east wyndam road - moving fast red light rake the van interior , and the road ahead . voice fonight he could save a life . Larry turn in he seat , and scream encouragement to ronnie in back . word we cannot hear . voice he know ronnie have do some bad thing in the past ~ but se have Larry . ext . presbyterian hospital , ambulatory entrance ~ night two nurse , and a young doctor rush forward through automatic door , and be immediately bath in red gumball light . voice you could not change the past ... the gurney be pull out the back of the ambulance , ag kathy rush past medical technician to reach brad . - li3 - int . sarah' house , lucy bedroom - night on she side next to a sleep Lucy , Sarah reach up and kill the bedside lamp . she remain in the tiny bed with she child . voice -»» but the future could be a different story ... ext . sarah 's house , roof line ~ night rise with the wind up over roof - top and tree-tops ~ all of East wyndam laid out like a wood - cut in monochromatic relief . yoice +». and it have to start somewhere . : a gust kick up , the tree begin to sing , they branch dance . the distant sound of metal on metal , ping , ping , ping . . the view begin to slide back to where we start , look straight down at the playground , now empty and quiet , save for the chain of a single swing that stubbornly beat its tune into the structure . black ~ the end —