Little Black Book by Melissa Carter February 7 , 2002 fade in : above a couple curle into the classic " spoon " position , deep asleep beneath a pillowy down comforter . we be : int . bedroom — dawn the digital alarm clock next to the bed read " 5:55 a.m . " we can barely see the man 's feature by the early morning light , but this be nate goodman ( 33 ) . the sleep woman next to he be tara o'connor ( 22 ) . we hear a faint buz sound , she eye pop open . tara roll away and pull back the cover to reveal a pager hook to she underwear . she scramble to turn it off . tara lean over the bed , extract a light mirror and quickly apply some non- makeup - look - makeup , gulp a travel - size bottle of mouth wash , swishes , and realize there 's no place to spit . she grimace , swallow . check that nate be still asleep , she lie back down and expertly draw a lock of blonde hair across she eye . tara be really pretty , but leave nothing to chance . the real alarm sound . nate roll over and turn it off , face tara , he watch she " awaken " . he gently brushes the hair out of she eye . we now see why she bother , he 's a keeper . nate you always look so beautiful ... especially in the morning . tara smile she thanks . they begin to kiss . CUT to : int . chat magazine office - morning tara race past the receptionist 's desk . dana SMALL sit above it all , neat and petite , up to the minute fashion and hair . dana she' not here yet -— - tara visibly relax and walk back . dana slide a Starbucks coffee across the reception desk . tara thanks , do she call ? dana I tell she you be in the bathroom . ( give tara the once - over be I have deja vu ? tara nod . dana unbutton she cardigan , after a moment , tara do the same . they take off they sweater and exchange . tara save I from the walk of shame and coffee , too ! oh booba , what would I do without you ? dana you would be a tired , fire , slut . CUT to : tara' desk - sea of cubicle - day tara be bury beneath a pile of papers . she answer multiple line , type , swivel around to check on she boss audrey lanford , who be now in she office on the phone . tara 's desk be directly across from dana 's . the phone ring . tara ( into phone ) audrey lanford 's office . dana' voice so ...did he say it ? tara turn she attention to dana who also wear a headset . if they just raise they voice they could talk normally . tara ( into phone ) no . but he 's give I a drawer . dana ( into phone ) sound like love to I . ( hold up a list ) here 's the final list of all the people come . I get a hold of James linfield this morning . he sound cute . tara check he off she list . dana ( into phone ) ( cont'd be he ? tara ( into phone ) I have not meet he ... I have not meet any of this people . dana ( into phone ) how do you get they number ? tara ( into phone ) work ...his secretary , he phone book . dana ( into phone ) you just randomly go through he phone book ? tara ( into phone ) yeah ... what ? dana get up and cross over to tara . dana what if you invite ex- girlfriend ? tara look at the list as if for the first time . tara I would be okay with that , I guess . dana not you ...him . here be all you ex - girlfriend from the past five year ! ( beat ) surprise !!! tara he have not have any serious relationship here ... he 's never mention anyone . dana he 's a good -look , single , straight money maker in Manhattan . obviously if you have never hear even a name of a ex , you just have not have that talk yet . tara suddenly look worried . tara when be you suppose to have that talk ? man' voice never . tara glance over to the cubicle next to hers . tara just pretend you can not hear we . dana when the relationship get serious . tara we be serious . dana but you have not say " I love you " or talk about move in together or marriage -- dana be interrupt by a explosion of applause and cheer . they turn to see -~- group of male CO - worker '' high fivin 's '' each other as a calvin klein billboard go up across the street . it 's a panel the size of a football field of a woman 's thigh lead to she barbie doll waist . tara I might not know every little detail about nate 's past , but I do know he be not into pre-pubescent , anorexic , airbrush , fake fantasy model . ( look at slobbering man ) I be finally in a relationship where I do not have to be suspicious and worried all the time . CUT to : ext . the russian tea room - night a cozy table by the window . nate and tara lean into one another , talk . a waiter come to the table carry a birthday cake with a candle . nate lean across the table and kiss she . dissolve to : int . outside of nate' apartment - hallway - night nate try to unlock the door while unbuttone the hundred tiny pearl button down tara 's back . nate I be not go to get this off of you until midnight -- tara wriggle around to face he . tara careful , it 's vintage ... nate so be I . tara it 's early ... we have not really celebrate you birthday , we could go dance ? nate I be just look forward to be alone with you . nate kiss she while push open the door ... int . apartment - continuous flick on the light -- everyone surprise ! nate grab tara as dozen pop out of nowhere . he quickly look around to see all he friend and co- worker . he smile at tara , shaking he head . dissolve to : apartment - live room - later tara and dana stand off to the side , watch late guest arrive . beautiful woman after beautiful woman walk through the door . dana nudge tara as they greet nate . dana that be casual ... a tall , blonde brushes nate 's cheek with a " hello " , a brunette wait she turn . they hug . dana ( cont would ) that be a little warmer than just co - worker , do not you think ? tara dana ~~ but you can see that tara be evaluate each and every woman the same way . she straighten she dress self - consciously . tara ( cont would ) I better get they coat . CUT to : hallway - later nate talk with a slick - look , Wall Street - type , alex mernit . alex all I know be she 's back and she 's ask about you . nate I be in a relationship , alex. ( shrugging ) tara 's only twenty - two ... but she do not play mind game , she know who she be . ( take a drink ) I be the fuck up one . entrance to hallway - continuous tara stagger forward carry a huge pile of coat . alex but be not you even a little curious to see she ? tara freeze . she crane she neck around the coat , they have not see she yet . nate no. ( beat ) so .. - how be she ? alex see ... see , you be . you think about she , too . do not deny it ! realize tara quickly step all the way into the closet , close the slatted door behind she . closet tara press she face against the slat , watch nate . nate thing be go well with tara -- alex you have only be go out with she a couple of month -- close on tara tara ( whisper ) six -- on nate and alex alex you be not marry , you be not even live with she -- tara watch on in horror . nate I be not call she . alex you two be a great couple -- nate and then she dumped I and move to London -- alex and now she 's back -- nate what do you care ? Alex cross he arm . alex I just think there might still be something there between you two . when you two get engage , you be the envy of every guy I know -- tara 's mouth drop open . alex ( cont have ) she 's so smart , and beautiful ... incredible -- nate so , you run into she ? alex no , I hear through George that she 's still talk about ' you . nate it 's all in the past , now . I be go to get a drink . nate walk away . Alex follow . alex I just want you to be sure about this . tara follow they with she eye , unaware as a man open the closet door . tara burst forward , falling on top of he , bury he under coat . CUT to : live room - later the party be over . dozen of glass cover every surface . ashtray and wine bottle and general post - party disarray . tara follow nate , collect glass . tara so you like everyone that come ... and no one be miss ? nate no , in fact , there be a few people I would not expect at my birthday party . tara oh ? nate my accountant ...uh , my dentist and my plumber all assure I that they have a great time . tara I be not sure from you phone book ... ( laugh ) but that be alright ? nate great . I be schedule for a free clean next week , my tax will be do early this year and if we ever have a blockage , we can call phil at home . ( kissing she ) thank you . nate pick up more glass , head for the kitchen . tara follow . kitchen tara you have so many nice friend ... George and he wife Sandy , you know , the newlywed ... they seem so happy . of course I have never be close to get marry , so I would not know about that . ( beat ) what about you ? nate Marriage ? not really . tara do you ever feel like propose . .. look at ring , that kind of thing ? nate why be you ask ? tara I do not know ... I just realize after talk to all you friend ... and people from work , that there 's a lot of stuff I do not know . like ... be any of you ex - girlfriend here tonight ? nate no . tara so , do you see any of you ex — girlfriend , be you still friend with any of they ? nate absolutely not . tara it would be fine if you be , I be just ask . be there anyone you would like to keep in contact with ? nate do dana put you up to this ? tara what ? no. 10 . nate I would not take advice from a woman who can not even commit to a long distance carrier -- tara I just realize we have not have this talk yet . nate you mean the interrogation ? tara I can tell you about my ex- boyfriend -- nate no thank you . tara I just mean I can share -— nate I do not think the past have anything to do with we , with what we have right now . look , thing be go well , right ? you be happy ? nate take tara 's hand in he . tara yes , but I do not like the idea of other people .. acquaintance of yours , know more about you than I do -- nate if something come up that be about one of they , something relevant -~ — tara we be talk about it . it 's relevant -— nate why do you want to know this stuff ? tara to bring we closer together . nate pull she into a embrace . nate I can think of better way of bring we closer together . 11 . tara ( smile ) alright ... I be let you off the hook now , but I do want to talk about it ... later , because I want to know you better and because ... she stare into he eye ... and she can not stop herself . tara ( cont would ) I love you . there , she say it , blurt it , really . nate stare deeply back into she eye . they stay this way for what feel like forever . he pull she close and then kiss she ... on the forehead . CUT to : int . coffee shop - day dana on the forehead ? tara nod sullenly . dana ( cont would ) oh my God . tara , what do I tell you ? never , ever , ever , ever say it first -- tara too late . dana look , it 's so basic . we be animal , just watch dog . it 's the male who go around sniff we butt , not the other way around -- tara I think it 's a little more complicated than that -- dana be it ? rudge break up with I because I make it too easy for he . I like he and let it show , and what do he do to repay I ? he go back to he bitchy ex - girlfriend who treat he like shit . ( more ) 12 . dana ( cont would ) I treat he like a God and to repay I he skate . by tell nate you love he , you have disturb nature 's balance . tara put she head on the table . tara please ... I can not breathe ... dana lower she face to tara 's level . dana let 's just go over what you hear again . tara sit up . tara she be the most intense relationship he ever have . he almost marry she . everyone want she . he be in love with she and so be everyone else -- dana get it . so , you may be the rebound . tara rebound ...oh God , that 's gotta be it . ( beat ) and he would not tell I about she last night because ... he 's still in love with she . dana , what if that 's it ? he think this woman be out of he life , and now she 's back ... and he can not stop think about she . that 's why he do not say he love I back . tara start to cry . dana hand she a tissue , patting she on the shoulder . dana hold on . maybe not . let I think ... tara wipe she tear , hopeful . dana ( cont would ) ( long beat ) on the forehead ? tara let she head drop back onto the table . CuT to : 13 . int . office - evening everyone else have leave except for tara and dana who walk out together . they step onto : elevator - same dana you be go to go back there , act like nothing be wrong . Act confident . they sense that . he may just be wait for a appropriate time to tell you he love you . do not sweat it . confidence . tara nod to she coach , straighten she coat . tara confident . CUT to : int . nate' apartment - hallway - night tara knock . after a moment nate answer the door . he kiss she right away . tara hey ... I think I would stop by ... on the way home from work . nate great. c'mon in ... ( beat ) you want something to drink ... eat ? nate head back to the kitchen . tara wander around the apartment , pass the bedroom . she stop in she track when she see a suitcase on the bed , packed . tara nate ... where be you go ? nate appear . nate I try to tell you before the party ... nate look at tara . nate ( cont would ) I have a job interview in San Francisco . it 's for a non-profit ... a friend set I up with this people ... I be not look . 14 . tara San Francisco ? that 's in a different time zone . nate take tara 's hand in he . nate I have not even think this through . I ... I be just go to see ... he hug she , but do not say any more . CUT to : int . front door - morning nate hand she a key . nate I will be go for a week ... if you could feed uncle pussy . make sure you feed he twice a day , he will scavenge if you do not ... make sure he do not have people food . nate gesture over to a fat cat sit on the window sill . nate ( cont would ) uh... plant be fake ... except the orchid on the table , but I just water it ...uh , bring in the mail ... you do not have to answer the phone , I will retrieve my message . tara what if you want to call I ? nate I will ring once , hang up , then call right back . dissolve to : int . nate' apartment - night tara be dress in a oversize sweater of nate 's . she smell it periodically , stare at two women sell rhinestone jewelry on the home shopping network . the buzzer ring . tara get up and head for the intercom . 15 . dana' voice hey , freaklet . it 's we . tara I do not feel like go out . dana' voice that 's why we be come in ! hurry up , it 's fuck freezing ! CUT to : couch - later jame , great-look , tight T-shirt , gay , and richard , she cubicle mate , standard gen X uniform of wear corduroy and bowl shoe , bookend tara . the television be a Sony flat screen , huge . dana and James play a reality video game - boxing . richard you should not take it personally , there be no casual conversation about exe when it come to woman -— tara we have they all the time -~- richard but we be not sleep together . Men know not to share any of that stuff with woman , they remember everything . it 's amazing , really , the recall . every little detail , every name , every single thing be store up like ammo , all to be use for future fight . tara I be not like that . richard you think you be not like that . tara but ...are not you curious to learn what she ex-boyfriend be like ? richard what , so I can hear about what great sex they use to have ? jame get up , bitch . bitch , get up ! 16 . dana throw down the control , reach for she wine . James get up and writhes around in a victory dance . jame ( cont 'd ) this deserve a celebration ! he reach in he bag , present a page of sticker to the group . tara why would we want bug Bunny sticker ? jame it 's acid , Laura ingall . tara throw they back at James . tara we 's be not drop acid on a school night , you freak . jame ecstasy ? tara how be it that you never have any money to go out to eat , but you be a walk drug lord ? the buzzer ring . tara ( cont would ) who 's that ? jame I invite some people to come up — ~- tara we be not have a party here , James . jame but this apartment be so great -— tara no. no. no -- but as she be say " no " James be buzzing they up . jame I can not leave they out in the cold like that . 17 . tara ( to dana ) do you know about this ? dana ( yes ) no. ( beat ) but you do have all that alcohol leave over from nate 's party ... CUT to : kitchen - same uncle pussy , the cat , sit by a empty bowl . he leave the kitchen , head for the : live room - continuous he sniff around the empty pizza box , he nose lead he to James ' bag . we see uncle pussy find the acid tab , and begin to lick they . people arrive , tara never notice uncle pussy . dissolve to : apartment - later the music blare . tara follow a drunk -look guest around , finally extract he glass of red wine out of he hand . she take a cigarette out of someone else 's in one deat maneuver . we see there be at least a dozen people here now . tara get to the stereo and turn it off . tara party be over . good night . there be various moan and groan , but people obey . tara ( cont would ) bye , bye ... a little faster , thank you . int . bedroom - night tara put on nate 's robe . uncle pussy lay on the bed . as tara pass , uncle pussy turn he head leave to right to watch , and then repeat this a dozen time . tara stop and stare as uncle pussy continue to do this . tara uncle pussy ? 18 . uncle pussy lie on he back , wave a paw back and forth in front of he face . he do this over and over , first one paw , then the next ... watch the paw '' trail . '' tara ( cont have ) what be you do ? tara gasp , cover she face . tara ( cont 'd ) uncle pussy ? tara look down on the bed to see only half a page of the acid leave . tara ( cont would ) oh my God ! oh my God ! CUT to : ext . CITY animal hospital - dawn establish . int . vet' office - day tara race in , straight up the desk . she hold a cat cage with uncle pussy inside . a eager intern greet she . intern good morning ! do you sign in ? tara I have a emergency -- my cat eat a couple of tabs of acid . intern okeydokey , acid as in ... tara drug . as in hallucinogenic drug -— the intern lean down to the cage and wave he hand . intern he 's trippin ' ? whoa ... that 's kinda cool -~ tara please -- intern ( snap back up ) sorry . name of pet ? 19 . tara uncle pussy . intern soprano fan , uh ? ( off tara 's nod ) last name ? tara goodman . he do some rapid type . intern no uncle pussy goodman here . tara well ... this be he vet . intern ( type ) I can do a pussy search . yeah ... okay , we have two pussy . but not all uncle ...oh , yeah , here it be . tara nod , relieved . intern ( cont would ) it be under you name , jessica ... ( trouble pronounce it ) fuka - fukunaga ? he look up at tara . tara that 's not it . intern 2306 West 84th Street ? he slide the piece of paper over to tara who stare at the information . tara that 's it ... that 's the address . intern we have the owner list as a jessica fukunaga ... at that address . tara 's completely lose , stare at the woman 's name . 20 . intern ( cont 'd ) oh , here it be , in case of a emergency contact nate goodman , same address . tara this must be she ... the guy wave he hand in front of tara 's face , she fail to react . he try to take the piece of paper back . tara will not let go . intern I can update the info -- tara I will do it . intern alrighty then . ( look at tara ) I do not think you look like a ... fukunaga -- bdum , dum . tara look up from the paper . intern ( cont would ) so ...how do this little guy score the acid anyhow ? tara freeze he with a ice cold stare . CUT to : int . nate' apartment hallway - day tara put the key in the door and enter nate 's apartment . live room - continuous tara place the cat cage down gently . tara open the door . uncle pussy run out , and tara follow the cat with she eye . tara look around the apartment as if enter it for the first time . tara notice the carefully select art print on the wall . the low mahogany coffee table with a fresh , white orchid grow out of a ceramic pot . line curtain that match the throw pillow . 21 . suddenly , it 's so obvious . this be not the apartment of a lonely bachelor . tara be overwhelm by jealousy as she take it all in . woman' voice ( 0.s. ) nate ? sweetheart , be that you ? tara turn around slowly to see a beautiful , japanese woman come out from the bedroom . her long , black hair hang below she waist . she wear a short , red silk kimono . nate catch up to she , kissing her neck . they slowly sink to the floor , make out just inch from tara . tara turn she head , only to see they come through the front door with grocery , laughing and kissing . tara run to the kitchen , and there they be make Sunday morning waffle together . she turn and run past the dining room where they be painting the wall '' drop of green '' . jessica fukunaga be everywhere . tara walk to the balcony , open the slide glass door to get some fresh air . but there be no escape it ; there they be , sit on the chintz pottery barn love seat , jessica 's head against nate 's shoulder . nate take she face in he hand . nate jessica ... I love you . I love you so much ... tara shut the door , leave the apartment immediately . CUT to : int . chat magazine office - day tara rush in , glance at dana . dana run a finger across she throat , point at she boss 's office . ext . audrey lanford office - day tara knock on the door , enter . audrey' office tara gently close the door behind she . tara I be so sorry . my boyfriend 's cat -— audrey so many of you excuse start with my boyfriend . my boyfriend this and my boyfriend that -- tara it be he cat . I be watch he place and the cat ... get sick . I could not -- audrey put she hand up . tara shut -up . audrey ( put she hand down ) how old be you ? tara 22 . audrey ah ...22 ... what a wonderful age . I remember what twenty - two feel like ... coénfident , that kind of confidence where you know exactly what you want and exactly how to get it . the energy , enthusiasm , optimism ... you have not be disappointed by life ... yet . it 's all ahead of you . I envy you ! tara , wary , nod she head . audrey ( cont would ) I know this boyfriend of yours seem to be the center of you world ... but year from now , believe it or not , when you be stare across the breakfast table at someone else ... you will wonder why you ruin a wonderful opportunity at Chat Magazine for someone who turn out not to be the one . you still want to write for this magazine , tara ? tara nod again , afraid to speak . audrey ( cont have ) if you want a career in the magazine industry , work always come first . audrey wait to see that tara have take this all in . 23 . audrey ( cont 'd ) you be officially on probation . you arrive to this office later than nine or leave before seven , you be fire . there be a line around the block of college graduate wait to fill you job ... tara turn to leave . audrey ( cont would ) uh ... tara ? audrey hold up coffee cup without look . CUT to : int . diner - day tara and dana sit at the counter , squeeze in with the lunch crowd . the piece of paper from the vet 's lie between they . tara this must be she ... this must be the woman they be talk about . why do not he tell I he live with someone ? last year ? dana take the piece of paper . dana you could call she . her work number be right there . tara why should I call she ? ( beat ) I will just ask he about it . dana you already try that , remember ? tara I wonder if this be the woman he almost marry ... I wonder why it do not work out ? dana there 's one way to find out . tara no , you know , that 's totally creepy . I do not even know what I would say . 24 . dana why be nate look for work in other city ? tara he 's just not happy in he job ... dana nlook at tara ) or maybe it 's more than that ... tara ball up the piece of paper . tara I be go to be a adult about this and just talk to nate about what I know . Lay it out . dana dangle the wad of paper in front of tara 's face . dana then ... you will not need this . tara snatch it back , stuff it in she purse . CUT to : int . nate' apartment - bedroom - night tara lie in nate 's bed , the phone cradle to she ear . tara ( into phone ) I miss you , too . how be you ? CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - san francisco - night nate stand outside of a restaurant on he cell phone . intercut : nate damp . kinda mis -- ble he -- act - lly . tara oh no ... you be break up -— nate tara ... I be sorry about how I leave thing . I mean to talk to you about this job offer earlier ... to include you -- CUT back to : bedroom - continuous nate 's cell phone cut out . tara hello ? nate ... hello ? 25 . CUT back to : san francisco - STREET nate be unaware that the cell phone have die . the wind be pretty loud . nate I love you , tara . silence . nate ( cont would ) tara ? CUT back to : int . nate' apartment - live room - night tara dump out the content of she purse . tara where be he cell phone number , what be the stupid cell phone number -- ugh -- the phone ring . tara pick it up immediately . tara ( cont 'd ) hello ? guy voice jessica ? hey , it 's Gordon . I be so glad you guy be back together ! I could not make it the other night , but I want to wish the old guy happy birthday ! CUT back to : ext . san francisco STREET - night busy signal . a group of suit sit at a table in front of nate . a guy rap on the glass , point to the waiter who stand at they table . CUT back to : 26. int . nate' apartment - live room - night tara begin stuff back the content of she purse when she pick up the crumpled piece of paper : jessica fukunaga 's work number in front of she . she stare at it . dissolve to : int . chat magazine office - morning the sheet of paper be now on she desk at work , stare back at she . tara hunch over the phone . it ring . woman' voice well Health Center . tara hi ... tara look down at the wrinkle piece of paper from the vet office . tara ( cont would ) hi...do you have a jessica fukunaga there ? woman' voice Dr. fukunaga ? would you like to make a appointment ? tara take this in . tara doctor...doctor fukunaga ...wow . woman' voice I be sorry , mar 'am ? tara yes . I have like to make a appointment ... CUT to : int . well health CENTER - doctor' office - day tara sit nervously on the edge of a Doctor 's table , fully clothed . the door open , and a big , unattractive woman dress in blue scrub enter . tara 's eye go wide . she stare at every move the woman make . the woman pick up a blood pressure gauge , wrapping it around tara 's arm . 27 . tara ( relieved ) oh ... you be just the nurse . the nurse give she a " fuck you " look , pumping up she arm . tara ( cont would ) ow ... that 's tight . she release the pressure . tara sigh , look around . the nurse open a drawer at the base of the table , attach the stirrup . close on tara' face as she realize what kind of doctor jessica fukunaga be . the nurse toss a blue gown at tara . tara I will not need this ... I just have a few question -- nurse open to the front . and with a stern look , she be go . tara stare at the stirrup . dissolve to : room - later tara nervously clutching the front of she gown . tara look at she watch , reach for she clothes . just as she be about to bail , dr . jessica fukunaga walk in briskly , glance at tara as she pick up the chart . she be pretty , she black hair cut in a Louise brook bob . her big , brown eye be kind , take everything in . jessica fukunaga hi , I be Dr. fukunaga , nice to meet you . they shake hand . tara Nice to meet you . jessica fukunaga ( mark on clipboard ) how be you feel ? 28 . tara great . really great . I be just here for a couple of question ... not a exam , just a few question . jessica fukunaga ( note she nervousness ) about ...? tara look around the room and spy a poster advertising a brand of birth control pill . tara birth control . it 's all so confusing ... the choice . jessica fukunaga well ... I can not administer any birth control without a exam first . what be you currently use ? tara stare at jessica . tara uh...condoms . jessica fukunaga that 's good . and be you currently ina monogamous relationship ? tara yes . jessica fukunaga well then , if you have both be test for HIV , you might want to consider birth control pill or a diaphragm . when be you last pelvic exam ? tara really recent ... August . jessica fukunaga two month ago ? tara last August . jessica fukunaga that 's more than a year . you be due . ( wash she hand ) I 'il do a breast exam first and then ~- 29 . tara ( bargain ) how about a breast exam today , and then I will make a appointment for more later ? jessica fukunaga the breast exam come with the package , we usually do not separate they . tara it 's just ... I be on my lunch break and -— 'y jessica fukunaga then let 's get start . just loosen you gown . jessica fukunaga approach tara , she comply , undoing she robe . jessica fukunaga place she hand on she breast . tara jump about a foot off the table . jessica fukunaga ( cont would ) sorry , be my hand cold ? tara a little . tara sigh , look the other way as jessica fukunaga perform the breast exam . jessica fukunaga step back from tara . jessica fukunaga everything 's fine . why do not you lie down , scoot to the end of the table and put you foot in the stirrup . ( beat ) you can keep you sock on . tara ( sotto voce ) oh good . tara take a deep breath , staring at the stirrup . she close she eye and quickly lie down . tara ( cont would ) I just take my cat into the vet yesterday ... do you have a cat ? jessica fukunaga swivel the lamp around , sit on a stool in front of tara . she place a paper blanket over tara 's leg . 30 . jessica fukunaga I use to . tara so ... what happen ? jessica fukunaga can you spread you leg a little wider ? i...had to leave he with my boyfriend . tara so , you two be not together anymore ? jessica fukunaga no ...my residency end my relationship with both my cat and my boyfriend . take some instrument off the cart . jessica fukunaga ( cont would ) I be go to use this to separate the wall of you -- tara whatever you have to do . ( look to the ceiling ) so , do you miss he ? do you think about he ? jessica fukunaga you be go to feel some pressure ... just relax . ( look at tara ) I do miss he ... I wonder if he would still remember I ? tara frown . tara you live with he , of course he would still remember you — — jessica fukunaga the cat ... not the boyfriend . jessica fukunaga stand up , apply some ky to the end of she glove finger . she look at tara over she knee , concentrate . 31 . jessica fukunaga ( cont 'd ) I be just go to make sure everything be alright , you will feel some pressure ... yeah , he be a great cat . his name be uncle pussy -~ tara after the sopranos . jessica nod . jessica fukunaga yeah , and my boyfriend at the time think because of my profession ... tara oh , yeah . jessica fukunaga that it would be a appropriate name . so , he call he uncle pussy first , then -- cut to : outside of examining room another patient be lead to the room next door . as they pass the room they can hear -— jessica fukunaga 's voice Big pussy , little pussy , sweet pussy , and just plain pussy . the nurse shrug , open the door for she . CUT back to : int . examination room - same tara oh , that 's cute . so , do you want to leave -- jessica fukunaga no , I do not want to leave pussy behind . tara not you pussy , I be ask about the guy , do he ask you to leave ? jessica fukunaga no , it be mutual -- 32 . tara be you engage first ? jessica fukunaga no , we be never engage . tara oh . you be sure ? jessica fukunaga I think I would remember the whole down on one knee thing , no , I be busy ... he be busy . tara so , you be never madly in love ? jessica shake she head . jessica fukunaga I be very fond of he ... but I guess it be just ... convenient . JI mean , we be fond of each other -- tara but , you must have say that word , I love you , right ? you can not share a bed and a life and , and a cat without love , right ? jessica fukunaga quickly take off she glove , look at tara like she 's insane . jessica fukunaga you can get dress now . tara he might still be pine away after you . jessica fukunaga ( exasperate ) last I hear he be dating a model . I be sure he 's recover . dana ( o.s. ) a model . CUT to : int . nate' apartment - bedroom closet - night tara nod . tara and dana sit on the floor , the box of photo in front of they . ' tara manically rummages through they . 33. tara they be all beautiful ... they could all be model -- dana you do not have a name ? tara just ...model . dana let 's assume the worst . hot , sexy , perfect body and skin , you know ... we worst nightmare . tara devour one after another . photo of a woman with long , dark curly hair stand on a beach hold two coconut in front of she breast . her smile be wide , beautiful . nate and a pretty redhead golf . thin blonde in a bikini thin blonde in front of christmas tree thin blonde , thin blonde , thin blonde tara this must be she ... dana lean over she shoulder . dana she 's a nightmare , alright . be there a name on the back of any of this photo ? tara no . dana pick up a few more photo out of the box -- a little black book sit nestle in the pile . dana pounce on it . dana so this be why you do not invite any of the exe ... the infamous little black book , and look , it literally be he little black book . tara snatch it away . tara do not , we should not be do this . dana snatch it back again . dana you have already go to third base with one of he ex-girlfriend -- tara a medical exam that you push I into -- dana you have go as far as you can go , so what 's stop you ? tara sit back . tara because I do not see how it 's go to help I keep nate . dana ( dangle book ) because they hold the answer . this woman be he past and you possible future . what if this woman do simple thing to make he happy ? thing you be not do . tara like ? dana sex...cook ... thing that be within you reach . ( pause dramatically ) they hold the answer ... think of this book as the rosetta Stone , once you meet he girlfriend , you will be able to speak he language ... interpret every word and gesture . tara leaf through the wear , black book . dana ( cont 'd ) there 's a woman within that page who make nate love she so much he want to marry she . a woman he still think about . do not you want to know why it end ? 34 . CUT to : 35 . the phone tara stare at it , dana pace behind she . tara how be I go to find she ? there must be dozen of woman in this book . dana I think you will be able to tell pretty quickly ... like with jessica fukunaga . tara but ... what do I say ? dana maybe honesty ... tara hi , I be nate goodman 's current girlfriend and I just have a few question about you relationship ? dana I see you point ... okay , I know , you can pretend to be call about a survey ... like that sex survey for cosmo except you can pretend you be call from chat magazine with a survey about woman and the man they have love ! that 's perfect . oh , oh dial -- tara I be not do it . dana I will do it . we ’1ll just start with page one . and before tara can stop she she dial and then hand the phone to tara , lean into the receiver to listen . tara but I think you -- answering machine ( sing ) please leave a message after the tone , if you do not leave a message , we will not know you phone . tara hang up . 36 . tara answer machine . dana so you can call back later -- tara it 's a sign -- the phone ring . tara and dana jump , startle . dana lunge for it . tara slap she hand away , dana reach with the other hand , tara yank dana 's hair , dana grab a fist full of tara 's hair . dana let go -- get the phone ~- tara you let go -- nate give I a code , that 's not the code -- the machine pick up . nate' voice on outgoing please leave a message . beeeeeeeep -- tara and dana , still hold each other 's hair , stand still to listen . woman' voice ( raspy / sexy / accent ) hi ... nate , be you there ? look , I know you be there ... T have caller i.d... c' mon , pick up . typical . ( sigh ) I have to say I be surprised you call . and curious . i... really can not imagine why you call . maybe it 's because you be in between relationship and horny , be that it ? okay ... I be home . oh , there 's a open Saturday night in soho , at Gallery 57 ... you should come . okay , bye -bye . click . silence . tara and dana release they hold on each other . dana hold up the book , look at the number . dana that be pippa ander . CUT to : 37 . int . office - san francisco a plush office with all the trimming and a view of the the Golden Gate Bridge . nate be go through a rigorous interview , but look completely distract . boss man May I ask why you be seek a position in the non-profit field when you will never earn the salary you currently take in ? nate because ... this be not about money for I anymore . I mean , money be important , but now it would be about -- nate 's cell phone ring . he try to ignore it - nate ( cont have ) it would be about ... raise money for other -~ the boss man stare at nate 's jacket pocket as it continue to ring . nate ( cont have ) I be sorry , I forget -- boss man no , please , go ahead . nate grab the phone , swivelling he chair away . nate ( into phone ) hello ... jessica ? what be you -- be you kid ? we have be over this . we agree that I be the best one to take care of he . ( raise he voice ) when you be work ninety hour work week and then move out , that 's - he 's comfortable with I . I can not talk now , I be in a job interview . nate hang up , swivel around . nate ( cont have ) sorry , really . custody battle . boss man ( sympathetic ) you child ? — 38 . nate no , a cat . the man look disgust . boss man I be more of a dog man , myself . okay , so you want to work in non-profit -~ nate yes . I ... I want to help people . I ... I like people , and I think people ... ( search ) who need people -- boss man ( sing ) be the luckiest people in the world . ( beat ) Big Barbara fan . nate stop , surprised , laugh . the boss man join he until nate 's cell phone begin to ring again . boss man ( cont would ) why do not you take five son and come back when you be ready . CUT to : hallway - day nate pick up the phone , resume scream . CUT to : ext . gallery 57 ~ night lot of '' wear all black type '' spill out onto the street , smoking . dana and tara enter : gallery - night techno blare throughout the space , throng of people move in and out of room display art . tara search the space . tara how be I go to know who she be ? dana I bring some picture . dana produce a few photo . tara sift through they . 39 . tara this just seem ... impossible . dana c’mon , we be just here to look at art like everyone else . they walk into : gallery a - night lot of painting on the wall . they wander around , look more at the people than the art . tara she could be here ... right now , watch we . they wander into the next next space penise . a room fill with plastic , sculpt , tower multi-color penise . they walk to the wall and look at the artist 's name . dana ( grab tara ) this be she . this be she stuff ! tara look around the room . they walk past a fish tank with motorize penise zig - zag through the choppy water . dana ( cont have ) it 's kind of fun . tara the woman be obsessed with penise ... dana stop in front of a bob metal see-saw penis . dana do not be a prude . ( nodd towards see-saw ) c'mon , let 's try it . tara grab she hand , lead she away . tara she 's here ... somewhere ... they turn around to face a series of bronze penise on the wall . each placard have a name beneath it . 40 . dana clamp she hand over she mouth . there , in the center of the display be nater penis . tara check it out , yep , it 's he . tara ( cont have ) do not look at it -- dana it 's art , jesse helm . TI have a right . ( try to turn she head ) you never tell I he be that -- tara start to drag she towards the exit . tara c’mon , we be go . the sound of clapping and cheer as a woman enter the gallery . she be dress in a cowgirl outfit and fishnet . her maroon hair tuck beneath a black cowboy hat . a few '' bravo " from friend , she bow . this be pippa ander . dana that 's she ... tara watch she carefully . pippa scan the room , watch the entrance like a hawk . tara she 's look for nate . CUT to : bar area - later it 's box wine and mini quich , but it 's free , and it 's where all the artist be hang out , talk to prospective buyer and fan . dana flirt with a guy who be cover in tattoo , they clearly be get along . tara watch pippa from the wing . pippa hang with a guy . various people come up and give they congratulation . tara nudge she way through the crowd , wait for pippa to grant she audience . pippa lean into the guy , giggle . tara hi , excuse I ... I just want to say I think you work be really great . pippa turn and give tara the once -over . Al . pippa but let I guess ... they do not really go with you decor . the guy she 's with laugh . tara uh ... I be not here to buy , I just want to ask where the idea -- pippa 's glance slide off tara and fixate on someone behind she . pippa jake -- hey , honey ! a new group approach , all lovey - dovey with pippa - tara be push out of the way . CUT to : ext . warehouse - night tara and dana stand outside . they be join by the guy dana hook up with . dana okay , do not wait up . tara have fun . they jump in a wait cab and be go . tara sigh , about to hail she own cab when she see pippa stumble out of the warehouse , clearly drunk , with another guy . they argue . pippa I be not ready to leave , it 's my fuck open , I want to stay -- guy you just say you want to go — ~ pippa well , now I want to stay . the guy hail a cab , he pull she towards the curb . pippa ( cont would ) Rick , let go -- but he do not , in fact , he shake she roughly , hold on tight so she can not get away . 42 . pippa attempt to kick at he , but she 's no match for this guy . a cab pull up . she try to twist out of he grasp , but he pull she hair . guy just get in -- tara let her go -- the guy look over at tara . guy mind you own business , bitch . tara , as if in a trance , step forward . she pull a stun gun out of she purse - hold it out in front of she . tara I will use this -- the guy turn around slowly , still hold onto pippa 's hair . guy you 's be not go to use that -- tara my dad give it to I for Christmas , he have be disappointed with I if I do not . the guy see the zap electricity and the look of steely determination on tara 's face . clearly , she 's not back off . the guy laugh , but let 's go of pippa , back away -~ guy I 'il see you , later . he jump into the cab and it pull away . pippa stare at tara , she mascara run down she face . pippa ( shaking ) you better put that away . they look at one another , burst into nervous laughter . they calm down , pippa put out a shaking hand . pippa ( cont have ) thank you . CUT to : 43. ext . nate 's apartment - entry way ~ morning tara and dana walk past the doorman with a nod . tara carry a grocery bag , dana a tray of coffee . tara I do not know where I get the adrenaline rush , or the courage , it be like when you hear about that woman whose baby be trap beneath car and then get that super human strength -— dana you lift a car ? tara no . but this be a big guy . and now pippa and I be go to have dinner . I have to admit , I be amazing . and there 's this bond now between we ... I feel like we could really be friend . dana but , be she the love of nate 's life ? tara probably not , but I 'il find out stuff , maybe she 'il know who this model be . I do not know , I be almost afraid to say it , but meeting he ex-girlfriend be easy -- tara look outside to see jessica fukunaga talk she way past the doorman . she carry a empty cat cage . tara ( cont have ) oh my God . it 's jessica fukunaga -~ tara look around as the elevator door finally open . tara push dana inside elevator tara manically push the close button . the door come together and tara sigh with relief . suddenly , a foot jam into the door . jessica fukunaga step on . tara , too late , lift she grocery bag in front of she face . jessica glance at tara for a beat , then turn forward . after a moment , she turn back . jessica fukunaga you look really familiar ...oh , oh , you be -~ 44 , tara lower the grocery . tara a patient , hi , how be you ? jessica fukunaga good , wait , so you live here ? I see you form , it do not list -- tara I be move . my friend life here . they all nod , glance ahead . jessica see the only floor light be number 3 . jessica fukunaga wait , you live on the third floor ? I use to live on the third floor . tara push dana slightly . tara she life with she boyfriend ... on the third floor . jessica fukunaga oh ... God , this be so embarrassing . it 's not , nate goodman by any chance ? tara oh my God -- ( shove dana ) what a coincidence ! dana ( rub she arm ) yes . well , I do not know what to say — — dana shoot tara a look . jessica fukunaga nate 's not back from he business trip ? dana look at tara , then back to jessica fukunaga . the elevator door open . they all step out to : the third floor dana no ...no , still away . so , why be you stop by ? 45 . jessica fukunaga I know this be a really weird question , but could I come in and see the cat ? tara look down and stare at the empty cat cage . tara no -- they all look at tara . tara ( cont have ) he 's not here . remember , remember how he be out be groom ? he 's a long hair —- jessica fukunaga I know . oh. well . tara stare at jessica 's cat carrier . tara so , why the cat cage ? jessica look down at it guiltily . jessica fukunaga ( hand it to dana ) it 's silly to have a cat cage ... and no cat . I just think I have ... give it to you . dana accept the cage . jessica back away . jessica fukunaga ( cont have ) do not tell nate I stop by . they watch she run to the stairwell . tara put she hand over she heart . tara be she cry ? CUT to : int . sushi restaurant - night pippa downs a oyster out of the shell . everything she do be sensual . pippa in a alley , in the back of a cab , in the movie theater on beaker street , the woman 's bathroom of tgi Fridays , the diaper change station ... we break it and every time I go in there I feel guilty , it 's still on the floor . tara he like tgi Fridays ? pippa shrug . pippa ( offer she sushi ) Sea urchin ? tara shake she head . tara all that public place ? he like that ? pippa look to gay man if you ever have a question about what straight man like . Gay man like hot look guy with perfect body , right ? tara yeah ... I guess . pippa well , so do straight man . even ugly little troll that do not deserve to see the light of day like they woman to be hot . and sex ... gay man love sex in public place ... hello , road side stop , public bathroom , theater , park ? you sprinkle in a few new trick like that into you relationship and that man be yours . tara wow . but you be no longer with that guy ...uh ...? pippa nate ? tara ( nodd ) be you engage ? 46 . 47 . ~ pippa engage ? ha ! he call I the other night , probably for a quickie . that 's the problem with be great in bed , you often get the lonely late night call just to see if you be up for it . tara have he call you for that ? pippa think about it . pippa no ... come to think of it . ( sigh ) he be different . I guess he be different . pippa throw back another shot of saki . she suddenly look very sad and very drunk . pippa ( cont 'd ) in fact , he break up with I because he do not feel right sleep with I when it be not emotionally go anywhere . a well , whose fault be that ? I want it to go somewhere , it be not I who be not move it forward -- tara maybe it be for the best -- pippa maybe it 's what ruin my life . ( tear up ) there be no closure . it be just over . tara awkwardly pat she hand . tara you be so talented , pippa ... you could use this feeling in you work ... create the closure that you need . try to focus on tara . pippa yeah . ..maybe. ( sigh ) do you know what it 's like to love a guy so much ... do everything you can to keep he , and then he leave you ? 48 . tara i...can imagine it . CUT to : ext . STREET - night pippa lean on tara , unable to stand on she own . tara open the door to the cab , gently deposit pippa . tara okay , tell the driver where you live . pippa where ? tara I ... do not know , where do you live , pippa ? pippa in that big place ... by that thing . tara stare at pippa for a long time . pippa start laugh . CUT to : int . dana 's apartment - night tara drag pippa into the apartment . she attempt to be quiet , but pippa drunkenly stumble around , pull down a lamp as they enter . dana suddenly appear in pajamas . dana oh no , no , tara ... this be not good . tara she do not remember where she life . I have no choice . dana rights the lamp , pippa twirl around , knock it to the floor before she land beside it . dana this be my grandmother 's , please . tara just stay there , pippa . do not move . tara quickly run around the apartment , take down photo of nate . she stashes they in the hall closet , dana follow . 49 , 4 dana she 's not a puppy , tara , you , you can not have she stay here . that 's crazy — ~ tara ( whisper ) I can not take she to nate 's . right ? tara walk back to pippa , drag she towards she bedroom . dana not cool . totally un -cool . dana watch tara struggle with pippa 's limp form , sigh , and then pitch in . they drag pippa into tara 's bedroom deposit she on the bed . dana well ... do you learn anything ? tara yeah , he like to have sex in public nae place -~ dana pippa really ? who do not ? tara take off pippa 's cowboy boot , throw a blanket on top of she , shutting the door . tara ( cont 'd ) thanks , dana . I know you have understand -- dana whoa , whoa , whoa ... where be you go ? tara I have get to go back to nate 's place , feed uncle pussy . dana block the front door with she body . dana you be not leave she here with I . she could be a total fuck psycho . tara ~ she 's not . 50 . dana okay , I think this be officially get out of hand . today with pretend to be nate 's girlfriend and then -- tara pries dana away from the door . tara you encourage I to do this , you have get to help I out here just a little . ( beat ) when you leave for work tomorrow , just get she up and tell she she have to leave . I be sorry I have to do this , but I can not starve uncle pussy . tara kiss dana on the cheek and bolt . CUT to : ext . nate 's apartment - night tara lie in bed on the phone , uncle pussy next to she . nate 's voice I have be try to phone you for two day . I do the code , you do not answer ... int . HOTEL room - san francisco - day nate sit alone on the hotel bed . intercut : nate be everything alright , you be spend night there , right ? tara yeah , I be just -- nate be uncle pussy alright ? CUT back to : int . nate 's apartment tara yes ... why do you keep ask -- nate have anyone come by and try to take he ...? tara be silent a moment . nate ( cont have ) tara ? tara what be you talk about ? nate it 's just I have retrieve some strange message from ... someone , and she say she meet you , but it do not sound like you -— tara I ...have no idea what you be talk about . nate , what be you talk about ? nate it 's ... a old girlfriend , she want uncle pussy back . it could get ugly . tara sit up straight in bed . tara I will take care of it . nate what ? tara get out of bed , begin pace . tara time will take care of it -- nate this cell phone service suck -- tara what ? nate ( beat ) I say ... I miss you so much . tara when be you come back ? nate I be go to come back early , but my firm want I to check out a company in Los Angeles . you be not mad ? 51 . 52 . tara no ...just ... take whatever time you need , everything here be fine . ( beat ) nate ... be you happy with we sex life ? nate yes ... be not you ? tara yes ...but ... be there anything else you want to do ... would you like to ... that I be not do ... I do not know , try something different ? CUT back to : nate' HOTEL room - same he close he laptop , the bed be litter with paper work . nate be you try to torture I , here ? I have not see you in day , I be all alone in a hotel room . I hope you be bring this up because you want to have phone sex . CUT back to : tara in bed tara would you like that ? nate uh ... would you like to ...? nate lie back down on he bed . tara giggle nervously . tara how do we start ? CUT to : int . animal shelter - morning row and row of cat in cage . tara point to one . the lab tech get it out of its cage . it be a long hair cat , similar to uncle pussy . tara hold it , kiss he . 53 . int . well health CENTER - doctor 's office - morning tara stand at the counter , push it towards the receptionist , a note attach to the cage . the receptionist push it back . receptionist this be a doctor 's office , not a vet -~ tara but Dr. fukunaga be expect this , trust I -~ tara begin to walk away . receptionist you can not leave this here -~ tara there 's a note , believe I , she will want this cat . now , I have to go back to work . tara run out before she can catch she . elevator - moment later tara repeatedly press the down button , when jessica fukunaga appear carry the cat cage . jessica fukunaga uh... excuse I , excuse I -- what be this all about ? tara oh ...hey , I just drop off the cat for you -- jessica fukunaga why ? tara I know you be pretty upset about you old cat , so I find the same cat that you describe ... uh , I work part time for animal rescue , that cat be go to be -- ( draw hand across throat ) so , enjoy -- jessica fukunaga look completely confuse . jessica fukunaga I do not know if I can take this ...uh.. 54 . tara tara -- jessica fukunaga ( say name over ) tara ...oh , Ms. o’connor , I be to call you today ... you need to make another appointment . you pap smear come back abnormal . tara turn to face she . tara abnormal ? what , what do that mean ? CUT to : int . jessica fukunaga 's office ~ day jessica get out she file . jessica fukunaga it 's often time a lab error ... tara and other time ? jessica fukunaga it 's probably a lab error . tara oh my God ... do you mean cancer ? jessica fukunaga it could be just a clump of pre-cancerous cell . if catch this early it should not pose a risk -- tara oh my God . I be go to die . jessica fukunaga you be not go to die . and please , you can take the cat back -- tara please ... tara take the sweet cat out of he cage , put he on she lap . tara ( cont have ) it 's my die wish that you take this cat . he need a good home . 55 . the cat nuzzle jessica . she melt , hugging he back CUT to : int . chat magazine office - tara 's desk — morning tara rush into the office . dana glare at she , tara walk past , oblivious . dana she 's still there . tara stop , backtrack . tara who 's still there ? dana pippa ... still there . do you give she a key ? tara uh ... I tell she to just put it under the mat . I /’1l ... tara look over and see audrey yell at someone on the phone . tara ( cont 'd ) I 'il go back at lunch and make sure she 's out . dana ( sotto voce ) if you still have a job . outside audrey 's office - morning tara knock lightly , then enter . audrey lanford office - same tara enter audrey 's office . it look out over Times Square . the view from the window behind she show the billboard in progress . tiny men hang from scaffold , finish the work . half of the model 's face eerily stare ahead . tara uh ... audrey ... I be sorry I be late , I have a doctor 's appointment that run over . 56 . audrey ( still type ) you be only twenty minute late . why bother apologize at all ? tara wince , watch she continue to type . the phone ring , tara reach for it , but audrey beat she to it . audrey ( cont 'd ) audrey lanford 's office . oh , Henry , hello ... it 's I , audrey . audrey swivel she chair away from tara . tara walk back to : her desk where pippa sit behind it . tara gasp , surprised . pippa hey . tara casually take a frame photo of nate off the edge of the desk , pockete it . tara how do you know ... pippa you mention you work here . ( beat ) to thank you for let I crash , I bring some thing to help you out with you sexual problem . pippa say it rather loudly . dana stare at the whole thing from across the way , as do a few of she office neighbor . tara ( whisper ) I really do not think this be the place -- pippa stand , dump a bunch of sex toy onto tara 's desk . pippa okay ... this boyfriend of yours . do he like you to put you finger up he -- tara pippa - please . ( glance around ) I have never do that . s57 . pippa oh , honey . guy love that ... remember the whole gay sex conversation we have ? Love it . pippa dangle a dayglow , wiggly plastic thing . pippa ( cont would ) this look like a soap dish , but I be tell you , have he wear it and it will drive you crazy . audrey come up to the desk , peer over it . tara I be come -- pippa you will once you start use this -— tara uh ... audrey , I be work on a story idea for the magazine about ... ( look down at sex toy ) please you man by ... pleasing yourself . audrey turn on she heel . tara ( cont 'd ) sorry , very busy here pippa ...uh , I x11 talk to you later ? pippa sure , just , thanks for let I crash . pippa walk away . dana get up and stare at she back as she leave . dana yell over to tara 's retreate form . dana that better not be my shoe she 's wear - can she afford manolo blahnik ? dana get up and try to catch she before the elevator door close . audrey 's office - same tara be about to sit down when she look out the window to see that the final piece of the calvin klein billboard jigsaw puzzle be now in place . stare back at she be the woman from nate' photo - tara gasp , drop she coffee and spilling it all over audrey 's desk 58 . audrey this desk be teak -- my papers -~ tara swipe everything off the desk top and onto the floor . completely rattle she take off she sweater and begin to mop up the mess . the phone start ringing off the hook . dana walk in . dana Dan albright on line two -- be that my sweater ? tara I will get it dry-clean . dana give she a icy stare and retreat . tara ( cont would ) ( after dana ) sorry -- ( to audrey ) sorry . audrey just ... get out . tara but I can -- audrey out . CUT to : office lobby - day tara lead dana over to the window . they stare out together . dana what ? tara the billboard . it 's she . that 's — — tara extract a photo from she pocket , hold it up to the glass . dana nate 's model . 59 . tara I be sure this be the one he be in love with . look at she ... she 's perfect . dana pull tara away from the window . dana do not you think you have learn enough ? it be a experiment , it do not work . tara but dana , I have not meet the woman he be in love with yet . once I talk to she , I do not need to meet any more of he ex - girlfriend . tara turn , stare straight into the model 's face . tara ( cont have ) that 's she . I feel it . CUT to : ext . ferry to alcatraz - moving - san francisco - day the boss man and nate stand on the deck , alcatraz loom in the distance . boss man you can not come to San Francisco and not see alcatraz . nate quite a sight , sir . boss man so what do you think , be you go to come work for we ? nate look off to alcatraz nate I need to think it over , can I have a week ? boss man sure . you be stay through the weekend , right ? nate I be actually go to go home early , surprise my girlfriend . ( beat ) ( more ) 60 . nate ( cont would ) we have a lot to talk about when I return . CUT to : ext . STREET - dana 's apartment pippa instruct two moving men who carry she see-saw penis sculpture off a truck . pippa careful , careful ... she prop open the door , stand aside . they stagger beneath the weight . mover # 1 you can not hold it by the shaft , hold it by the ball -- mover # 2 man , if you think it 's so easy , you hold it by the ball . the tip be much easier , so shut the fuck up . CUT to : int . HOTEL ballroom - night gorgeous model work the catwalk . the most outrageous fashion from the world 's top designer . bullpen media mongrel climb over each other , hungrily snap at the model who pass by , jostling tara and dana about . tara I do not stand a chance . if she be ask about nate and want he back , I be through . dana , still piss , stare straight ahead at a model . dana you be right . let 's hope she do not . tara really ... be that what you think ? dana shrug . 61 . tara ( cont have ) I be go to lose he . I be go to lose he to a woman who be perfect . dana finally look at tara , see she 's fall apart . dana look at that model , she look like she 's straight from a concentration camp . this woman be not perfect , and neither be this kate cate . the model be now close enough to hold onto . dana ( cont would ) see , it 's all airbrush . bag under she eye , all sink in , skin be sallow ... she look say " I be starve , please feed I " . I be surprised fly be not buzzing around she head . this make tara smile . tara you be right -- you be so right ! a eruption of applause . the best save for last ... a dozen white dove fly from back stage and from it emerge ~~ kate cate in a see - through dress , a thin gold wire birdcage descend from around she disney-eighteen - inch waist . Wild flower braid through she golden lock . she be the most beautiful woman alive . tara as if she would swallow a molotov cocktail . dana ohhhhh , see , that can not be real . tara swallow hard as kate cate approach . squint - look for flaw . not finding any . venus reborn . tara ( whisper ) no ... she 's flawless . A. volley of flashbulb . kate cate catch in a electric storm of media adulation . she wink , and sashays away . 62. the spell be momentarily break . dana look at she friend . tara be crush . dana grab tara 's arm , crossing she eye , she stick out she tongue pretend to choke . tara look at she quizzically . dana Dumb as a post . ( wink ) betcha . int . HOTEL ballroom - backstage - later tara and dana watch kate cate answer reporter 's question . in french . italian . japanese . tara she 's a supermodel with Einstein 's brain . why do he let she go ? dana I be sure she know a few pat answer in different language , that do not make she a genius . ( beat ) what 's that cluck noise she 's make ? tara I think it 's swahili . dana you better go talk to she -- tara she 's in the middle of a press conference — — dana ( flash pass ) you want to be a reporter , here 's you chance . tara look at what dana be wave . it say audrey lanford , chat magazine . tara you take audrey 's pass , oh my God , I be so fire -- 63 . tara take the press pass and step forward but be halt by several meaty bodyguard . kate 's manager step in the way . manager kate cate be through give interview , thank you . bodyguard escort kate cate away . ext . HOTEL - later tara wait in a taxi watch the exit door like a hawk . kate slip out of the back of the hotel and into a stretch . in the cab tara lean forward , nudging the driver . tara follow that limo . ( look back at dana ) I will see you at home . they peel out from the curb . ext . cab - moving the cab follow closely . they pass glamorous club after glamorous club . int . cab - same tara stare at the expensive boutique and glamorous hot spot that they pass — expect the limo to pull over at any minute ... the limo finally pull over to : ext . manhattan montessori pre -school - later tara get out of the cab and cross the street just as kate cate disappear inside . tara stop , surprised , look at the sign for the pre-school one more time before enter . int . manhattan montessori pre -school ~ later child run everywhere . teachers give chase . parent pick up they prodigies . tara search , spying kate talk to a teacher in the corner of the room . she hold a little boy who struggle in she arm . 64 . he drop to the ground play with a tonka truck , make " yrrrrooooommm vrrrooooom " noise . tara drop to the floor and crawl through the maze of toy and remain child . she scoot past kate 's child , stop and take a good look . he look like a miniature nate . tara wildly look around , there 's no place to hide . spy a large plastic townhouse with a roof , she crawl into it . she just fit , completely hide within the structure . mrs . william ( 0.s. ) he 's too much for we to handle — — tara open a shutter , peer up at -- kate cate and teacher kate tower over the tiny troll of a woman , yet look vulnerable . the troll calmly sip a glass of water . kate he 's a smart little boy , he just need -- mrs . william more attention . we agree . kate look , it 's really hard raise he on my own ... tara eye grow to the size of saucers . hear a light knock , tara open the opposite shutter . baby nate hold out he cup hand . tara place she finger to she lip : " shhhhhh " . mrs . william ( 0.s. ) we be find it difficult to control he . we find he in the bathroom with a set of magic marker draw shape onto Lucy and Sarah 's bottom . kate burst out laugh . mrs . william ( o.s. ) ( cont'd I be glad you find that so amusing . baby nate hold out he curl fist again . tara stick she open palm out through the tiny window . 65 . baby nate Sushi . he perform the hand - off , tara look down : a goldfish wriggles in her hand . tara look up to see baby nate stand on two chair and a stack of encyclopedias , extracting yet another fish from the tank . tara open the opposite window , look up at kate cate . mrs . william ... he say he be give they tattoo just like he mother ' . now it 's not my place to judge -— kate cross the room to she son . kate oh , but you already have . kate take she son off of the tier of chair , look back . kate ( cont would ) . you know what , I do not want my son in such a limit environment . there be plenty of school in this city . tara , still peek out from within the confines of the playhouse watch kate and baby nate leave . tara look up at ... teacher with glass of water tara slip the live goldfish into the glass . turn , she look up to see ... baby nate wave " goodbye " . CUT to : int . dana 's apartment - night tara walk in , flipping on the light . penise be everywhere . tara scream . pippa appear from the bedroom . pippa oh my God , you scared I . tara I scared you ... oh my God , pippa , what be this ? pippa I have a fight with the guy who I share warehouse space with , he be go to throw my work onto the street . now , I arrange -- tara no , no , no , no . you can not ...has dana be home , have she see this ? pippa I do not think so ... she call , there 's a message on the machine say she have be out late . tara be you wear she clothes ? pippa I could not get back home -- tara Change immediately - quick , grab a penis , we can not have this stuff here when she get back . pippa I have to pay two move man to get this stuff here -- tara will it fit in my room ? pippa you can not pile they up -— just then dana walk in with James . she stare at everything , then to tara . dana this shit can not go on any longer -- tara I do not know this be go to -— 66 . dana tara , this be worse than the time you bring home that puppy that eat my prada boot . this be worse . this shit have to go now -~- pippa I will not be able move it until I find another warehouse space -~ — dana oh my God , will you listen to that ? ( to tara ) my dad be come over tomorrow to give I this month 's mortgage payment . he approve of pottery barn for the apartment he 's pay for , not item from the catalogue of '' up my ass digest . '' James laugh . pippa hey , that 's not fair —- tara clamp a hand over pippa 's mouth . tara it will be , I promise . dana ( look at pippa ) be you wear my clothes — ~ dana lunge at pippa , pull at she clothes and hair . and James step in , pull they apart . tara dana , I be sorry . James drag dana to the door . dana no , I be sorry , you be go to have to find a new place , tara . int . audrey lanford office - day audrey you be fire . 67 . tara CUT to : 68. tara I have a amazing idea -- audrey I have already hear that you be at the calvin klein show ... reporter work for this magazine see you in the VIP room , and then I start to wonder how could that be ? I search around in my little desk and low and behold ... no press pass . ( stand ) good luck elsewhere , I be not sure you will want a reference from I -— tara silence she by holding up her hand . audrey stop , shocked . tara model with toddler , kind of a exposé on work model with child ... they challenge , we always think of model be this sex goddess , perfect body , but how do they handle the challenge of motherhood and —- audrey back tara out of she office . rick jenkins , audrey 's boss , come to the door , listen . audrey you 'il have to train the new hire -— tara think of it , Cindy Crawford , Christie brinkley , this new model kate cate , have you hear of she -- rick jenkins that be a great idea , audrey . woman be always complain about how sexist we interview be , but that idea should appeal to a lot of woman . tara I be hope to make that my first story , sir -- rick jenkins great idea . get to it . audrey look at tara and scowl . tara smile . CUT to : 69 . int . workout club - step aerobics CLASS - night countless model , actor and beautiful body leap and kick in unison to a throbbing techno beat . except ... tara step right when everyone else step left . she 's watching kate cate in the mirror . tara turn , slamm into -— amazon on her right get the fuck off my step -~ xena shove tara into the amazon on her left , who shove back . aerobics instructor ( into headset microphone ) you , in the second row , beginner step be next class . tara , red -face , duck out . hallway - later tara now slump against the wall , wait ... see kate exit . tara push through the sweat mass -- tara hi , hi kate cate ... excuse I ... I be tara O'Connor from chat magazine . kate look at she blankly . she be so beautiful . tara ( cont would ) the article , " supermodel mommy " ? kate God , I do not even remember ... that . ( sigh , look at watch ) I be go to work out for another hour , but maybe you can interview I while we work out . tara try to look enthusiastic . punching bag station - later tara hold the huge bag . kate punch and kick it . 70 . kate I could have -- a army of people -- ( punch , punch , kick look after joshua , but I want he to be a part of my life . ( kick ) I have he because I want he . but he father ... kate unleashes her rage -~ kate ( cont would ) ... be too immature to handle fatherhood . tara who be he ... the father ? treadmills - minute later kate run like the bionic woman . she show no sign of tiring . tara on the other hand ... kate I do not want to talk about he -- tara ( panting ) but ...who ...is...he ? tara look worried . kate I be never one of that woman who want to be a single mom , either . I do not think it 's necessarily hip , it 's hard . tara I be sure you do a great job . alpine ski - anti - gravity -thing — minute later they slalom back and forth . tara so ...did the father not want to take responsibility , or ...? kate cate to be fair ... he do not know . tara oh my God -- 71 . kate turn on tara quickly . kate cate what , be you go to judge I , too ? tara no , it 's just ... how do you know he do not want to be the father ? kate cate you would not say that if you know he -~ tara that 's not fair . I be sure he would take responsibility . kate cate he be only interested in I because I be a model -- tara no way , you be a incredible person . kate smile at tara . kate cate you be good for my ego ! hallway - moment later tara what if the guy , the father , do not want to date you , but want to participate -- kate 's pager go off , beep , beep , beep ..- kate I have get to pick up josh from the sitter . ( carefully look at tara ) look , I be sorry I tell you my whole life 's story , I do not even give you anything you can print — it 's just ... you be the first normal adult I have talk to in month . kate 's pager go off again . kate ( cont would ) I mean it . model be real head case . ( beat ) I gotta book , but oh , we have not finish . I will ... i' 11 call you at you office . a 72 . kate jog away down the hall and be go . CUT to : int . wall STREET - solomon smith barney -— day tara sit across from Alex mernit , nate 's best friend and co-worker . his office be pretty posh , city view . he look tense . alex whoa . you be sure ? tara positive . alex how old 's the kid ? tara two ... three , I be not sure , but what I do know be that it 's nate 's son ... and she have not tell he and do not plan to . alex she say that ? tara yes . what be you go to do ? Alex get up and shut he door . alex what be I go to do ? tara you be he best friend -— - alex you be he girlfriend -- tara that 's right , so why be it my job to tell he he ex-girlfriend have he baby ? alex how do you know this stuff ? tara I be a reporter -~ alex I think you be a receptionist . 73. tara look , I suggest this story on model with child , and she come up , and I do the research and there you have it . she have nate 's child , he do not know . alex I just think she take off so fast because of she modell . ( turn to tara ) you be sure about all this ? tara she leave for London because she do not want to face he . alex wow . I have no idea . tara yeah , either do nate apparently . Alex look out the window , rub he face . he slowly look back at tara . alex why be you do all this ... you know this might screw up you relationship . tara because ... what if he 's only with I because he think he can not have she ? and ... after meeting kate and she son , I just want they to have a chance to be together ... if that 's what they all want . alex you be amazing tara , you know that ? really , you be do the right thing . tara thanks , Alex . well , I better get go . tara turn to leave . alex oh , tara -- tara turn back . alex ( cont would ) how be she ... otherwise ? 74 . tara she 's good . she 's do well . Alex nod . alex okay , I 'il uh ... tell nate when he get back . CUT to : int . beauty salon - night tara sit in a chair face kate as she get she hair do . tara so , you have be modell for how long now ? kate ( yawn ) feel like my whole life ... kate turn she attention to tara , look she over . kate turn to the stylist , ron . kate ( cont have ) ron , look at all she thick hair ... be you think what I be think ? ron stop fluffing kate 's hair and stare at tara . ron I be start to ... robe please ! a guy appear . he place a robe around tara . the stylist look at she carefully in the mirror , lean in to listen to kate . kate get up , stand behind tara . tara I just have a trim -- kate see , she have beautiful bone structure , but all this ... kate lean forward and pick up tara 's long hair . kate ( cont would ) ... sorority hair ... obscure she beauty . tara make a face . 75 . tara I just get a trim -- stylist {to kate ) you be right ... this lift and look at what be expose ! Juan , Ben , shawnie , hurry , my supplies ! tara I really do not want a short haircut -- kate tara , relax , you be in the hand of a genius , and this be my treat for listen to all my sad storey ! kate lean down and squeeze tara . kate ( cont would ) be not this fun ? CUT to : ext . STREET - later tara and kate walk down the street look like a odd version of the bobsey twin ... tara 's hair be cut exactly like kate 's . tara pull at she short bob , look into a window . kate you look fabulous -- tara that 's what you both keep say . kate stop and look at tara , surprised , hurt . kate you do not like it ? tara can see she feel bad , instantly try to take it back . tara it 's not that I do not like it ... I mean , it look fantastic on you , but you be a model ... I be ... not . kate look at tara carefully , she gaze drop from tara 's face to the rest of she . 76 . ~ kate you be right ... but not because of the haircut , it 's you clothes , you clothes be all wrong . tara I do not think that 's it . ( beat ) what 's wrong with my clothes ? CUT to : int . kate 's apartment - closet - day rows and rows of clothes . kate you hide beneath this baggy , funky clothes ... that 's fine for college , but you be a work girl now . you want to be notice , you have to put yourself out there . say good - bye to thrift store and hello to a wardrobe that show off you style -- ~ tara but that be my style ... kate throw a fun , sequine party dress up against tara . tara ( cont 'd ) see , where would I wear this ? tara turn and look at herself in the mirror , and like what she see , she twirl slightly , smile . tara ( cont would ) wow , be this prada ? kate of course and it will look fabulous on you ... here , I have a sewing machine in the back bedroom -~- kate take the dress , tara follow she . she stop in the hallway when she see a black and white photo of nate . he stand shirtless , look incredibly handsome . tara wow ... I love that photo -— — kate and I love that man ... 77 . they both look at he together . tara have you try to call he since you get back ? kate no ... tara what be you wait for ? kate smile , nod . kate you give I confidence to do thing I would never do ... you know , maybe I will . she hold the dress up against tara again . kate ( cont 'd ) there 's this great party I think we could go to tonight , josh be go to be at he grandma 's all night ... CUT to : int . limo - moving ~ night tara be in the middle of a coterie of model . she be dress exactly like they , slip dress beneath fur , stilettos , and champagne flow . tara have obviously have a lot . one of the model open the sunroof to the car and poke she head through . she pull tara and kate up with she . they scream and wave . ext . halo - night a line around the block . the limo pull up and the girl get out . tara look at she watch . tara be this halo ?!! I have never be able to get into this place ~~ kate you will now ! tara and the rest of the model pour out of the limo and waltz right past the bouncer . 78 . int . halo - later tara dance in the middle of the model , look like one herself ... CUT to : int . nate' apartment - much later that night tara let herself into nate 's apartment . she call out into the darkness . tara hey uncle pussy ..- hey kitty , kitty -- tara reach for the light switch but stumble over something in the dark -- fall to the floor . suddenly the light go on . tara scream . tara look up to see nate peer down at she . he wear he pajamas . tara have fall in the middle of he suitcase . tara ( cont would ) oh my God , nate ! nate , you be home early ! nate and you be drunk ... where have you be ? nate extend he hand , help she to she foot . tara adjust she dress , self consciously tug on she hair . tara I be out with dana and then -- nate where have all you hair go ? my God , you look like a completely different person . nate walk around tara , who teeter on she three inch heel . tara you like it ? nate you look beautiful - where do you say you be again ? the question , the surprise , the alcohol coursing through she vein , tara lunge into he arm , kissing he all over . 79 . tara welcome home ! they stumble back towards the bedroom , knock over every lamp and piece of furniture on the way . CUT to : nate' bedroom - later nate turn on the light , tara pull back , hide beneath the blanket . nate I just want to make sure it be still you --— tara what ? nate where do you get that gadget ? tara do you like it ? nate and that position law of gravity -- .that , that defy the tara you do not like it ? nate how could anyone not like that ... although , I do not know if I should move . tara giggle , swat at he . nate turn over and stare at she for a long moment . nate ( cont would ) you seem ... different ... and I do not think it 's just the hair ... ( look at she carefully ) how long be I go for ? nate pull she close . nate ( cont would ) I miss you , tara . I miss you so much . 80 . tara smile into he chest . nate ( cont 'd ) and ... I be sorry I do that , leave like that ... without talk to you first . tara it 's okay , please , you do not have to explain . ( look up at he ) nate ... I have something to tell you -- nate wait , I want to say something first . I should have say this a long time ago ... nate pull back , look at tara . nate ( cont would ) I be not take that job in San Francisco , I have not tell they yet , but I will Monday . tara smile . tara great -— nate but what I really want to tell you be ... nate take she face in he hand . nate ( cont would ) I love you . tara clasp she hand over she mouth . tara you do ? ( tear up ) you already know this , but I love you , too ! they come together and begin kissing passionately . dissolve to : int . bedroom - morning they sleep deeply ... the alarm clock next to the bed read " 10:00 a.m . " tara and nate be intertwined . nate roll over and face tara . she awaken , he smile . 81 . nate so beautiful ... tara 's hand flutter to she face . tara but I do not have any -— — nate you do not need makeup ... I love you freckle ... I be go to kiss each and every one ... and he begin to do just that when the doorbell ring . nate ( cont would ) go away — ~ it keep ringing . nate ( cont would ) ugh ... do not move . nate get up and throw a robe on , tara burrow beneath the cover , smile . tara listen to the doorbell ring once again . pop up in ped ... think ...wonder ... worry ... CUT to : doorway - hallway - morning nate open the door to reveal kate , bundle up , hold a tray with two coffee and a bag of bagel . CUT to : bedroom - same tara wrap the sheet around she , stumbling to the door , she peek through and see kate . nate look , kate , this really be not the time -- kate just tell I you have someone here , tell I you be with someone , I be not pathetic . nate can we talk later ? please -- ~ kate forget it -- kate turn on she heel and leave , he watch she . nate do not be mad , kate -— he watch she go , softly close the door behind he . turn around to face tara . tara who be that ? nate a old ... friend , girlfriend . alright , a old girlfriend ... I do not know she be go to stop by , I have not see she in year . tara if you want to talk to she , go ahead , you could still catch she -~ tara walk to the window and look out . tara ( cont would ) she 's there , she 's just leave . 82 . tara go to open the window , nate walk over and stop she . nate no . I have not see you ina week . you be the one I want to spend my Saturday with . he envelope she in a embrace . nate ( cont would ) I think we could go to manny 's for lunch and then -- tara ( remember ) shit. I can not . I have plan . nate can not you cancel they ? tara extract herself from nate , head for the bedroom . 83. tara I do not know you be come home early ... and ... bedroom ~— continuous tara quickly get dress back into she party dress from the night before . nate I want to spend the day with you . who be you meeting -- tara work . it 's audrey ... we can spend the evening together ? nate since when do you work on a Saturday ? tara turn from he , nate pull she back nate ( cont 'd ) be there something you want to tell I ? tara ( search he face ) about ...? nate nothing ... it 's just ... you be not upset about she ... show up , be you ? because I have nothing to do with that -~ tara no ... I know . but if you want to talk to she , a ex-girlfriend , that 's fine with I . nate look at she with newfound admiration . nate God , you be so ... center . so ...secure . you know what a turn on that be ? nate begin to kiss she once again , reach around for the zipper . tara step back firmly . tara I will see you tonight . CUT to : 84. int . well health CENTER - doctor' office - day tara sit up from the table , wrapping the paper gown around she . jessica fukunaga I be sorry we have to do that again ... tara stare straight ahead . jessica fukunaga ( cont have ) thanks again for the cat , he 's great . tara great , I be glad . jessica fukunaga you okay ? tara well ... I have be lie to my boyfriend ... look at jessica . tara nod . chart . tara ( cont ’d ) and some other people ... it seem like I be finally get what I want , but ... never mind . jessica fukunaga if you want to talk to someone ... we could grab a coffee , or , you play tennis ? I have the court reserve for next Saturday . tara oh , thanks , but ... I be move . jessica fukunaga oh that 's right ... out of my old place . jessica pat she shoulder , look down at she jessica fukunaga ( cont 'd ) everything will be fine . you result will be back in a week , but do not worry . CUT to : int . nate 's apartment - live room - day nate and Alex play reality box video . 85 . nate how do you know Jenny be cheating on you ? alex do not try and distract I man , I be win -- nate knock out he boxer . Alex throw down he control . alex ( cont have ) bullshit , that 's bullshit and cheating . nate how do you know ? alex she start act different . she change she hair ... start dress differently , and work out more . you recognize the sign . nate sigh , pick up the control . Alex pick he up , they start a new round . nate 's boxer throw a few punch , almost knock Alex 's boxer down . alex ( cont have ) ha , take that bitch . he finally knock out nate 's boxer . alex ( cont would ) pussy , ha , ha , ha loser ! ( beat ) what ... you think tara might be cheating ? nate I do not know ... she 's act really strange . Alex stop nate . alex I do not think she 's have a affair , man . look , I know why , she actually come and tell I something while you be go ... nate look at Alex . alex ( cont would ) nate , kate have a baby ... the kid be now almost three , it 's you kid . ( more ) 86 . alex ( cont would ) when she leave for London she leave because she do not want you to know . nate oh my God . alex I know , pretty wild . nate but ...how do tara know ? alex she be do this story , or research for some story on model with kid , and find all this stuff out -- nate that must be why she come over , and tara be ... desus , I have a kid , a , a -~ alex Little boy . congratulation , man . nate wow ... I have get a son . CUT to : int . restaurant - day kate and tara sit at a table with joshua in a high chair . tara kate ... what be it ? you have not say two word since I get here . kate Men be so ... disappoint . josh throw up he hand . suddenly go spastic , he move all he food onto the floor . they both laugh . CUT to : ext . STREET - later tara and kate walk along , joshua fuss in he stroller . they be about to pass fao schwartz . tara come on , this place always cheer I up , and now I have a actual excuse to go in . 87 . tara pull kate into the shop . CUT to : int . shop - continuous kate lighten up , take joshua out of he stroller . tara take he out of she arm . they begin to wander through the aisle . kate so , do you want to go camp next weekend ? tara oh ... I can not ... I be , I be actually move in with my boyfriend . kate wow , I have not even meet this mystery man . tara yeah , I know . about that -- suddenly joshua run down a aisle . tara ( cont have ) I 'il get he -- tara take off after joshua who head for a train display . she get onto she knee , play at the table with he . tara ( cont 'd ) c'mon , let 's go back to you Mom . tara pick he up as he kick he protest , bump into a woman . tara ( cont would ) sorry , I -- woman tara ? tara look at the woman and see that it be audrey . joshua smile a big , bright smile at audrey . audrey return the smile and this be the first time we have see it . audrey what a beautiful boy ! what 's he name ? tara joshua . 88. joshua turn and look at tara , kissing she . audrey smile again . audrey tara , I have to apologize , I feel so embarrassed ... I have no idea you be a mother -~ tara no , I be -- audrey I be a single mother , too . and that be back in the day when that be not so popular , but let 's face it , fashion or not , it 's not easy . tara smile , try to explain again . tara he 's not -- audrey that much work ? oh , c'mon . look , I want to really talk to you at length on Monday about supermodel mommy , how 's it go ? be you able to do the work and be at my desk -- tara it 's hard -- audrey well then , let 's get a temp in there and give you some real time to pursue this . if it work out , you can help I hire you replacement . ( to joshua ) it be nice to meet you , little man . audrey squeeze josh 's arm and disappear . tara look at josh who smile as if he know he just help she out . int . dana 's apartment - day tara let herself in . no penise anywhere . tara dana ... no answer . 89 . tara ( cont have ) pippa ? CUT to : int . nate 's apartment - live room - night nate face tara on the couch . nate I know everything -- tara you do ? nate I talk to Alex , he tell I I have a son ... kate 's son . I have no idea , really —- tara I know you do not . ( beat ) so , be you go back to she ? nate no. wait , oh , tara , be that what you think ? do you think I want to get back together with she ? tara well ... nate I want to take responsibility for we child . I want to see he , be he father , but I do not want to be back together with she , that way . I want to be with you . I be in love with you . tara smile with relief , which be then quickly replace by fear . tara so ... you be go to talk to she ? nate yes , but I just want you to know all of this beforehand . and tara ? tara yes ? 90 . nate will you move in with I ? I do not want to live apart from you any longer . tara well up . nate pull she into a embrace . cuT to : int . dana 's apartment - live room - day dana and tara struggle awkwardly towards the door with a overstuff couch . by the look of it , they have be at this for hour , however there 's still ton of box and shit everywhere . dana it 's never go through that doorway — — tara it get in do not it -- dana not through that door it do not -~ tara just tilt it -- tara push dana through the door , dana stumble backwards . dana stop shove -- tara lower you end -~- dana drop the couch . dana why am I the only one here ? tara nate be come , he just have to drop by the office first - what be you problem ? dana my problem ? my problem be that I be the only one help you ... and none of this would have happen if you have not let that psycho stay here -~ 91 . tara I would still be move in with nate , and it 's amazing to I that you forget you part in this whole girlfriend thing -—- woman' voice ( 0.s. ) tara ? tara ...hey — — they stop argue and look to the doorway to see kate cate and a huge guy watch they . kate cate I come to help you move , and I bring a friend ... this be Joe , my personal trainer . tara ( truly touch ) you bring you personal trainer to help I move ? that 's so sweet ! dana ( sotto voce ) I be go to be sick . tara quickly look at she watch , realize what that mean . tara but -- we really do not need you help , I have some other people come -~ dana , bull shit -- tara dana , please -- dana with they help , we could finish this in a hour -~- CUT to : ext . outside - day Joe the trainer carry the couch out the rest of the way on he back while kate , tara and dana follow with box . kate and the trainer disappear back inside . tara pull dana aside . tara nate be go to be here any second -- 92 . dana pull away . dana I be not talk to you -- tara grab she . tara once again , this be you fault . dana let go , or I will do damage . CUT to : int . kitchen - later tara nervously load kate up with box . tara just take this down , and then you can leave -- kate cate we just get here ! kate stumble forward with the box just as nate walk in the front door . tara pull her back through the kitchen . all nate see be a body with box in front of it . tara the hallway be block , the bed thing , uh ... could you take they down the fire escape , the door be there , at the back -- kate cate ( cont 'd ) okay ... she teeter towards the fire escape , disappear as nate enter the kitchen . nate who be that ? tara her , oh , a friend from work . nate and that huge guy downstairs ? tara her ... boyfriend . 93. nate hug she , kissing she neck . nate great , you get some help after all . I bring Alex . Alex pop he head in . alex hey , tara . tara hey - we be starve , can you go and get some breakfast ... please , I feel like I be go to faint ~~ nate ( kissing the tip of she nose ) okay ... tara great ! nate but we will get the bed first . no point leave without take something . they disappear into tara 's bedroom . tara follow into the live room just as pippa enter through the front . pippa tara , thank God you have not finish move -~ tara lunge on pippa , cover she mouth with she hand . tara you can not be here . tara drag she into the : kitchen - same pippa I know this be all my fault and that 's why you have to let I help -- tara no. dana want to kill you -~ pippa Fine -- 94 . pippa head for the live room , but tara pull she back . tara you should leave this way -~ pippa then I will take a few box -~ tara hurry . just throw they down and don 't come back -~ ‘ara throw a few box at she , turn , she see Alex and nate back into the kitchen holding the mattress . tara ( cont would ) you have to take that down the front -- nate I think you just say -- tara no . Joe have the desk down there and he have a bad knee , it 's slow , please , the front the front the front , go , go go -- live room - window - moment later tara race to the window and watch as kate be about to enter the front of the building . tara ( shouting down ) kate -— kate look up . tara ( cont would ) can you meet I on the fire escape , I have some more box -~ kate give she the thumb up and head for the back stairwell just as nate and Alex emerge with the mattress . CUT to : ext . FIRE escape kate pass pippa on the fire escape . they say " hey " as they pass . kate enter through the kitchen . 95 . kate cate now , what do you need ? tara uh..-. kate , I need ... 1 need ... tara lead kate back into the live room , wildly look around . tara ( cont would ) the bathroom ... can you clean my bathroom ? I be sorry to ask but ... kate cate no , no that 's cool . no problem . kate disappear through to the bathroom just as jessica fukunaga enter . tara jessica ? what be you ~~ jessica great place ! I bring you a housewarm gift , it 's only a plant , put , really cute little place . I can help bring some stuff up -— tara no , no , that 's okay , I have plenty of help -- jessica you have still get a ton of box down there , I be stay until you be finish . tara ( small ) oh ... I think I be finish . jessica exit . kate cate enter the room . kate be you mop still in the kitchen ? tara nod , kate disappear into the kitchen . nate and alex appear with the bagel and coffee . nate hand they to tara. 96 . nate I have just get to wash my hand . nate head for the bathroom . alex be there still box in you bedroom ? tara can only nod . dana stare in disbelief as they all just miss each other . dana turn and shake she head at tara . dana the law of gravity say , what go up ... kate cate emerge from the kitchen with the mop just as alex emerge from the bedroom . pippa enter through the kitchen . jessica fukunaga enter carry a huge pot palm . nate re- emerge from the bathroom . they all stare at one another in disbelief , various party recognize each other , everyone recognize disaster . silence . everyone turn on tara . CUT to : ext . apartment - STREET - later jessica fukunaga walk briskly from the building . follow quickly by pippa , who turn and yell over she shoulder . pippa and you think I be fuck nut ! whew , you take the case -~ kate cate exit , tara on she heel . kate cate ( turn ) I really think we be friend , I trust you , tara . what , be all that friendship just some kind of a fake out ? do you do all of that just to get to know my little secret about nate ? o7 . finally dana , nate and Alex emerge sheepishly , try not to look at this painful fight . tara ( choke up ) no , kate ... I want we to remain friend -- audrey step out of a cab carry a gift wrap in baby paper . kate cate I do not see why -~ ( to Alex ) and by the way , you be the father of my baby . I leave for London because I be embarrassed that I cheat on nate . ( glaring at all of they , and then tara ) satisfied ? kate cate run down the street . Alex , stunne , look after she . alex I be a father ? I be someone 's dad and I do not even know it -— ( run after kate ) katie , wait up -- I want to meet he , I want to meet my son -- waaaaiiiiiitit ! audrey wait , tara ... that be not you baby ? tara no , I try to -~ audrey what you will not stoop to , unbelievable ! audrey turn and walk away . this leave dana who look at tara sympathetically and slowly walk back inside , leave tara and nate to face one other . the only sound be the dead leave blow across the sidewalk . tara I do not know what to say . nate be do not know if I want to hear it . 98 . tara okay ... well , we find out you be not a father ... that 's good , right ? nate shrug . nate that would have be okay . tara well then , what ? say something ... anything . nate why ? why do you do this behind my back ? tara it just sort of happen . nate look at as if to say , '' you 'il have to do better than that . '' tara ( cont ! d) I ... I hear about kate ... and then I find out she be a model ... I be worried I would not measure up . you have be with all of this interesting woman . nate tara —- tara I know . I know . nate what happen to honesty ... and trust ? tara I guess I honestly want to know something that you do not trust I with . nate turn and walk away . tara go to speak , she voice crack . tara ( cont have ) and you do not trust I nate , you do not ... or you would have tell I about you past . and without wait for a response , tara quickly turn and disappear back into the apartment . super : two week later 99 . int . chat magazine - day tara hover above a young woman , janet , who now train for she job . she be clearly nervous . tara in comparison be compose , the seasoned veteran . two line ring at once . tara go ahead . janet ( into phone ) audrey lanford 's office . she 's not in right now , may I take a message ? Janet search the desk for a pad to write on , tara supplies she with the phone log . tara ( whisper ) ask to put they on hold -- janet can you hold please ? tara punch the second button . Janet take down the message . CUT to : audrey lanford office — later tara stagger a half dozen newspaper on audrey 's desk . tara she like they in this order , New York Times , San Francisco Chronicle , Financial Times and then the Columbus dispatch , she 's from Ohio . coffee , no cream or sugar , on the upper leave hand corner . phone call or fax on she chair so she can not miss they . when she walk in she like the first ten minute to collect she thought unless she boss , Jenkins , be on the line -~- tara be unaware of it , but audrey stand at the door watch . tara ( cont would ) she always want to know when she mother or boyfriend Roger be on the phone , but she have two sister , she usually will take Rhonda 's call , but take a message from carla -~ 100 . audrey enter , nod . tara ( cont would ) good morning . audrey nod she hello . tara and Janet brush past . outer office - continuous tara do not bother tell she anything important until she 's have two cup of coffee , she will not retain it . CUT to : tara' desk - later tara pack the very last of she belonging . she carefully put a frame picture of nate on top . janet I have something to ask you ... tara yeah , anything . janet you be so amazing at this job . can you tell I what you do to get fire , so I will not repeat it ? tara slip on she coat and pick up she box . tara trust I , there 's no chance of that . good luck , I be sure you will do a great job . CUT to : dana' desk - later tara and dana hug . dana I feel awful . I kick you out of we apartment , you and nate break up , and now you have be fire . tara I know , and it 's all you fault . 101 . tara pull away . tara ( cont would ) I be kid . dana you know , you do not have to move out now . you can stay ..-- tara thanks . dana have you call he ... at all ? tara no . I do not think he ever want to hear from I again . dana it 's be a couple of week ... you should try . dana 's phone start ringing , she run around to the other side of the desk . tara hoist she box up , and walk out . elevator - day audrey catch tara just as she be about to get on . audrey tara , hey . I just want to give you this . audrey hand tara a chit of paper . audrey ( cont would ) she 's expect you call . I would do it today if you can . tara look down at the piece of paper . tara Beth Brown , the editor of girl power magazine ? audrey that 's right . I fire she year ago - most of the top editor in this town be once employee of mine . 102 . tara thank you , audrey . but why be I call ... I mean , be it for a assistant position ...or ? audrey a writer ... I think you be a terrible assistant . if I be you I would stick to the creative side of thing . good luck . tara but , do that mean you read my -— audrey walk away , stop . audrey I be printing you article about exe , it will be in this month magazine in we true storey section . tara squeal and run back to audrey , about to hug she , audrey put up she hand to stop she . audrey ( cont have ) please , no physical contact . audrey turn on she heel and walk away , a ghost of a smile cross she face . CUT to : ext . STREET - day tara exit the building . she look up to see they be replace the calvin klein billboard . only half of kate cate face loom above Times Square . tara stare at it as people jostle she about . CUT to : close on the real kate cate . we be : ext . central park - day her face as lovely as ever , put there be something different about the way she look , happy and peaceful . we hear laugh , and we now see who she 's be watch ... alex and joshua run after each other in the park . Alex fall down and joshua leap on top of he , pummelling he . 103 . they cover each other in the fall leave , josh 's laugh contagious ... kate run to join they . cuT to : int . jessica fukunaga's apartment - day jessica sit at she kitchen table , work . she stop when she cat jump into she lap , put a paw on she shoulder . she stroke the cat , look out the window . jessica kiss the cat and then pick up the phone and quickly dial . jessica ( into phone ) hi , I be just call to get the lab result of one of my patient . yes , a tara O'Connor ... CUT to : int . art studio - day pippa be hard at work on a sculpture make of papier mache . she work quickly , completely into what she be do . CUT to : ext . brownstone - brooklyn - night tara and dana walk out of a cute building on a street fill with cute building . dana be you sure you want to live way the hell out here ? tara Brooklyn 's not that far out . besides , I can not afford to live by myself in Manhattan . dana I just feel so guilty that I kick you out in the first place ... and have James move in -~ tara no . I think live on my own be a good idea . dana but you be go to be all alone -- 104 . tara I be go to be on my own , there 's a difference . ( beat ) and when I get my shit together , I be go to get nate back . I miss he so much . just then a blonde woman strolling a baby carriage pass they go in the opposite direction . tara spin around ~~ tara ( cont would ) kate -- kate , it 's tara -~ kate ! tara take a few run step in the woman 's direction . the woman finally turn around , but it 's not kate . tara put up she hand in apology , slowly turn to face dana . dana it look like nate be not the only one you miss . CUT to : int . kate apartment build - night tara knock on the door . after a moment kate answer the door . tara before you slam the door in my face , which you have every right to do , I just want to tell you I be sorry ~~ kate lunge forward and gather tara up in a embrace . cur to : int . well health CENTER ~ room - day tara sit on the edge of the table . jessica fukunaga walk in . jessica I just want to let you know in person — ~ tara be I die ? jessica you be normal . completely healthy , like I say , we just have to do a second test to be sure . 105 . tara break down cry . jessica put she arm around she . jessica ( cont would ) and even though it be completely insane , tt understand what you do . I think we all understand . I would never do that myself , but it be kind of wild that you do . they hug. cuT to : int . dana' apartment - night tara stand at the door , sifting through mail . she get to a rather large manila envelope and open it . we look down to see a invitation to pippa ander new work at studio 4 . tara smile . CUT to : int . art gallery - night tara and dana enter the pack gallery . photographer , celebrity , rich and starve artist all mix and mingle . tara scan the room look for pippa , jump when she turn around and see nate -~ - or what look like nate . in fact , it be a room filled with nate . cartoon plaster and metal remake of nate be swallowed , torture , fried . duplicate of nate everywhere be devoure and reshape . the plaster nate all look alike , except for they cause of death . tara look up to see : nate suspended from the ceiling ... over to ... nate be taken down by a pack of wolve ... nate drowning in quicksand . finally , a large steel jaw that rest in the middle of the floor . a tiny man trapped inside , cover in a slime - like substance . a tinny recording of a blood curdle scream repeat endlessly . walk up to the steel jaw , both dana and tara lean in simultaneously to read the placard . the neat black on white , understate print read , digesting nate . 106 . tara be transfix . she look up to see jessica and kate cate as well as Alex all stand around look at it as well . Alex whistle . pippa join they . pippa well ... what do you think ? the exhibit be call closure ... thank you , tara , for help I with the idea . tara you 's be welcome ... it 's great , really , amazing work pippa . they hug briefly . tara ( cont would ) I wonder if nate be come ... be he come ? tara look at pippa and then Alex adjust he tie . alex uh... do not you know , tara ? tara what ? alex he take that job ... in San Francisco . tara oh ? tara instantly deflate . she tear up , everyone look at she . tara ( cont would ) but I think he turn they down ... T think -- alex they still want he . so , he say yes . tara but I be go to try and , and see he ... it 's too late . how could he be go ? alex he 's not . tara look up hopefully . 107 . alex ( cont would ) well ... he leave tonight . tara when , what time ? alex ( glance at watch ) his flight take off in two hour . tara look at everyone . tara I need to stop he ... I will never get there in time - oh God . just then a good-look , build guy wear a police uniform come up and put he arm around pippa 's waist . guy / officer bill hey , how 's it go ? pippa smile , turn to look at she new beau . pippa maybe we can get you there in time . CUT to : int . police car - moving - night tara , dana , kate and jessica be cramme in the back of the cop car . pippa be in front with she guy officer bill , they be practically make out . the siren go . dana be not this illegal ... I mean , use a police vehicle for something -~- officer bill you would be surprised how often we do this -~ tara can you go any faster ? Officer Bill put pedal to the metal , they all scream . CUT to : ext . JFK - night they pull up at drop-off . 108 . kate now remember , nate like a honest apology , sincerity -- jessica also , do not try and turn it back on he , he do not like to be wrong -~ pippa and a offer of a blow job on the way home may not be a bad idea -~- everyone pippa -- pippa okay , okay , but just keep it simple . you fuck up , no one be permanently damage , you be sorry . tara right . thanks guy ... I love you ! collective hug . CUT to : ext . terminal - night nate pull up in a cab a few car down from they . he get out and head inside . int . terminal - night tara look around wildly , head for the american Airlines check in . security - night nate head straight for the baggage check - in . go through . tara appear , see he right in front of she . she run to go through and be stop by a security agent . security agent ticket , please . tara { do not have one , I be just -- security agent sorry , no ticket , no entry into the gangway -— 109 . ~ tara see that guy , I have to see he before he leave , please -- can not you stop he ? security agent no . tara give he a dirty look . tara ( scream ) nate -- nate goodman , nate -~- a few people turn around , but she voice sound small and quickly disappear . security agent be you go to be a problem , because I do not want to have to call back up if I do not have to . cuT to : bank of pay phone - moment later ~ tara quickly dial . CUT to : starbucks - terminal — same nate stand in line , check he watch . the phone ring . nate ( into phone ) hello ? tara' voice nate , hi , it 's I ... do not hang up . I be here at the airport , they will not let I through without a ticket . nate step up one more in line . nate ( into phone ) what be you do ? tara' voice apologize ... CUT back to : 110 . pay phone - same tara ( into phone ) T do not want you to leave . I want to be with you . I know what I do be insane . nate , I be sorry , I be so -- nate' voice caramel macchiata , no foam -- tara ( into phone ) what ? nate' voice nothing ... I be order a coffee ... tara ( into phone ) be not that a little sweet ? I think you take you coffee black -- nate' voice when I be at a Starbucks I splurge . tara ( into phone ) oh . ( beat ) see ... I do not know that about you .... please do not leave . I love you so much ... I can not just let you leave . CUT back to : starbucks - same nate look back to the general area that tara be stand in . the follow be intercut : nate ( into phone ) I will call you when I get to San Francisco . tara ( into phone ) ( choke up ) you be go ? nate visibly soften . starbucks employee caramel macchiata no foam -~ — tara ( into phone ) well ... that 's you . i111 . nate start run back to the main part of the terminal . nate ( into phone ) yep .. announcement now board american Airlines Flight 263 bound for San Francisco , now board ... tara ( into phone ) that 's you too , uh ? MAIN part of terminal nate run through to the terminal , search all of the phone pooth ... he finally spy tara , curl into the phone , face away from he . he stop , slowly walk towards she . nate ( into phone ) do I ever tell you about missy hogan ? tara ( into phone ) who ? nate ( into phone ) from kindergarten , my first girlfriend . nate now stand about ten foot from tara , he watch she through the crowd . tara ( into phone ) ( laugh ) no ...so , be she hot ? nate ( into phone ) incredible ... strawberry blonde , freckle like you have ... she use to stick gum in my hair . she smell of gum and tinker Bell perfume ... and then there be dolly in first grade -- tara ( into phone ) what happen to missy ? nate steadily approach . nate ( into phone ) I catch she kissing someone else in the cloak room , then it be all over ... but dolly , she be a hot little number . 112 . tara ( into phone ) I be jealous ... nate now stand inch from tara . nate ( into phone ) see ... that 's why I never want to talk about ex-girlfriend ... tara , hearing he , feel he , turn around . they face each other , still hold they phone . he lean in and kiss ner ... it be a classic , romantic comedy end of the movie kiss . then ... nate pull away . nate ( cont would ) I have get a plane to catch -~- he kiss she quickly and start to turn away . tara follow . tara be you kid , what , you be -~ nate I be still take the job , honey , I accept , I have a apartment , my plane be board now , I have to — ~ tara , flabbergasted , try to re-group . tara but , I think -~ nate look , we be go to try and make this work ... it will be long distance and it will be hard , but we have weekend ... and then we will see . just trust that it will work ... I think we have a pretty good chance . tara trust ... they kiss again quickly and nate stare deeply into she eye . nate I will call you as soon as I get there -- tara call before ... on one of that airplane phone . 113 . nate turn and run back through security , leave tara alone in the terminal . he turn and wave just before he walk through and disappear ... but not for good . int . dana' apartment — night tara sit curl up on the couch , cradling the phone . nate' voice that 's when I be fourteen . God , be she beautiful . she be french . and then the next summer , I be a camp counselor ... monique , she be older and -- tara nod . tara okay , okay , 1 think I get the picture . nate' voice we have not even get out of high school yet . tara well ... maybe we should just talk about they when it 's ... relevant . tara laugh as he begin to protest . fade out : the end .