" little shop of horror " revised draft february 14 , 1985 fade in : a grey void = swirl of threatening , ever -changing 1 storm=sky color a chill '' phantom of the Opera " organ chord . a voice not unlike God 's ( or Orson Welles ' ) intone the follow - ing " prologue . " simultaneously , the word scroll slow - ly across the screen . voice ( mock -serious , church-like * music under ) on the twenty - third day of the month of September , in a early year of a decade not too long before we own , the human race suddenly encounter a deadly threat to its very existence . ( beat ) and this terrifying enemy surface -- as such enemy often do -- in the seemingly most innocent ... and unlikely ... of place ... the church -like music climaxe in a drum roll as we see light droplet of water hit and cause ripples in the image . immediately , bubblegum -rock music kick in as camera pull back to reveal that the above- mention grey void be really a puddle of muck in a foul skid row gutter and that a wino be pass out beside it , - he long black hair soaking in the goo . we see now that a light rain be fall as camera move up to reveal : ext . mushnik' skid row florist shop - day - dark , 2 cloudy sky a run-down storefront flower shop , just beyond the gut - ter . the building be so old , so forlorn , so dilapi - date , it seem to lean to one side . as the shop 's _ sign come into view there be a ear - splitting burst of thunder follow by a bigger - than - life lightning flash . suddenly the harmless facade be transformed into some - thing ominous and forebode . and just as suddenly the MAIN title , " little shop of horror " fade up . the word " horror " be color red and a few drop , of what we suppose to be blood , slowly ooze down and fall from its letter as , sung in voice - over , we hear : ( continued ) 2 continued : . song ( v.o. ) Little shop . Little shoppa horror Little shop Little shoppa terror call a cop ! Little shoppa horror no oh oh oh no=oh ! the title fade out and on another lightning flash we CUT to a different angle of the shop as three girl , crystal , ronette and chiffon enter the shot . they be the one we hear sing in voice-over . as camera truck with they , while keeping the shop in the back - ground , they continue the number sing and dance a- la any girl group of the 1960' : girl Little shop Little shoppa horror bop sh ' bop ! Little shoppa terror what ‘em drop ! Little shoppa horror no oh oh oh no -oh ! in the background of the previous shot we have see not only the shop but also : a malnourish dog poke through a overturn garbage can , a pre-1960 's car or two pass by , newspaper be blow by the wind , and a bum begging from people who quickly pass by grasp umbrella . ~ the Girls now turn and enter through the door of the shop . 3 int . shop - day the place be a mess . the flower be on they last leg or be altogether dead . the corsage be decay - ing . the cash register be rusted and cover with dust . the lightbulb be bare . the ftd poster be from twenty year earlier . clearly the place have not have a customer in year . girl ( during the above ) shing -a-l what a creepy thing to be happenin ' ( lookout lookout lookout lookout ) shang -a-lang feel the sturm -and - drang ( more ) ( continued ) continued : girl ( cont . ) in the air ( yeah yeah yeah yeah ) sha la la stop right where you be do n'tcha move a thing ! the Girls have dance past a storage room and over to a man who be sit at the shop 's counter read a newspaper which hide he face . the paper , " the skid row Herald examiner . " the headline : unexpected total eclipse ! end of the world ? the man lower the paper to turn the page and we see that it be mushnik , the shop 's owner . he glance at the door , then at the clock , sigh , and return to he newspaper . he do not notice the Girls who be inch away sing the follow right to he : girl ( cont . ) you would better tellin ' you , you would better tell yo ' mama somethin 's gonna get she she would better everybody would better beware ! on the word " beware " camera follows the Girls as they dance over to a close door . they open it and we CUT to a reverse shot of the door as it be be open and the camera lead the Girls down a dingy flight of stair as they sing : girl ( cont . ) ( come - a , come - a , come - a ) Little shop Little shoppa horror Bob sh ' bop you will never stop the terror as the Girls reach the bottom they sing and dance past camera toward ... seymour «+. who be stand with he back to camera on top of a tall and dangerous " ladder " of crate , box and book . he be put something away on a high shelf cramme with clothes , comic book and assort junk . he , too , do not notice the Girls as they sing to he : ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) girl ( cont . ) Little shop Little shoppa horror no oh oh oh no oh oh oh oh oh oh oh no -oh- oh - oh ! on the last extend note of the song the Girls back away from camera and we be left alone with seymour . as he continue struggle we see a old beat - up radio on the lower shelf next to he from which we hear : radio ( v.0 . ) at he press conference today , President Kennedy field question concern last Thursday 's total eclipse of the sun , a unpredict and unprecedented astrological phenomenon which have baffle the nation ... during the broadcast we see seymour teeter until finally , lose he balance , he grab for the shelf and with a pathetic whimper he fall take it , some pot plant , comic book , clothing , junk , and radio down with he . ~ sfx : crash ! seymour have drop out of shot . we hold on what 's leave of the wall as we hear ... musenik ( 0.s. ) seymour , what be go on down there ?! seymour pop back up into frame in a full -face closeup and shout : seymour very little , Mr. mushnik ! CUT to : int . shop - day mushnik {to himself ) aron , g'vorn , g'voxen , akebebble , mitzbeleh . CUT to : 5. int . basement - day 5 - we have CUT to another angle of seymour to see that the Girls be no longer there and to see that we be in : the basement . this dark surroundings have be tran - form into seymour 's pathetic live quarter with clothing , a hotplate , jun 's ' ood container , a sleep cot , and crud everywhere . however , bloom amid the decay and the debris be hundred of strange and exotic plant . they be grow lavishly in coffee can , shav - ing mug , the most unlikely container , nourish by makeshift gro-light . . seymour start pick up the mess he 's make . he start with the radio which be turn over on the floor and which be now emitting static . he hit it and music come on : phil spector and the crystal ' 1963 arrange - ment of " uptown " ... radio ( v.0o . ) he get up each morning and he go downtown . where everyone 's he boss and he 's lose in a angry land . he 's a little man . but then he come uptown each evening to my tenement ... as he 's pick through the mess seymour notice a par - ticular plant amongst the other that have fall on the floor . he worriedly pick it up , put back the dirt in its maxwell House coffee can and place it under a special gro-light , give the feel that the plant have its own theatrical spotlight . the plant be clearly on its last leg . its avocado- like pod be withere and ary , its leave be brown and its little tendril resemble a polio victim . he tend to it with great care . sfx : ( 0.s. ) high heel on concrete . seymour hear the sound of high heel click quickly in the distance . his expression change to one of long as he turn and go to the basement window and look out . ext . skid row STREET - rain have stop - day 6 camera be now across the STREET at a extreme low angle . we see seymour 's hopeful face through the base - ment window in the background as a car pass . in the extreme foreground a bum be sprawle out on the sidewalk . ( continued ) 8 continued : the SOUND of the clicking heel be upon US now as a pair of black pump enter frame step over the bum . camera move with the foot until they be now walk toward camera . we tilt up past the fishnet stocking , black dress , leopard - skin print jacket , and up to a full -face closeup of ... audrey she be rush toward camera . we see she have a black eye . int . shop - day door chime . mushnik look up to see audrey enter hur - riedly . she immediately begin to take off she leopard - print jacket , struggle as she do to conceal the black eye . mushnik so , she finally decide to come to work ? audrey good morning , Mr. mushnik . mushnik what morning ? it 's almost close time . not that we have a customer . a loud crash from the basement . mushnik ( cont . ) what in the name of God be go on down there ? audrey , you would better go see what he 's ... ( beat ) audrey ... where do you get that shiner ? audrey ( innocently ) shiner ? int . storage room audrey start to hang up she coat and put on she uni - form , a frilly pink smock . mushnik follow she in . ( continued ) 8 continued : mushnik audrey , that greasy boyfriend of yours , he 's beat up on you again ? look , I know it 's none of my business , but I be beginning to think he 's maybe not such a nice boy . audrey you do not meet nice boy when you live on skid row , Mr. mushnik . seymour come up from downstairs carry a precarious - ly balanced pile of clay pot .: seymour I get this pot unload for you , Mr. mushnik ... but even before the sentence be finish , he have lose he foot . seymour and the pot fall to the floor with a ear - splitting crash , identical to the one we have hear before . mushnik seymour ! look what you " have do to the inventory ! audrey do not yell at seymour , Mr. mushnik . seymour ( still on the floor ) hi , audrey . you look radiant today . be that new eye makeup ? audrey I will help he clean it up before any customer get here . mushnik well , that oughta give you plenty of time . mushnik move through the shop toward the front door . mushnik ( cont . ) look , God , what a existence I get . ext . STREET - day musehnik misfit employee , bum on the sidewalk , business be lousy ... my life be a live hell . he notice Crystal , ponette and chiffon loung idly on the stoop next doo : to the shop . . mushnik ( cont . ) you ! urchin ! off the stoop ! it be not bad enough I get the wino permanently decorate the storefront ? I need three worthless ragamuffin to complete the picture ? the Girls start walk away as they speak . ronette oh , we be not botherin ' nobody . be we , Crystal ? crystal no we be not , ronette . mushnik ( follow they ) you oughta be in school . crystal we on the split-shift . ronette ~ right . we go to school ' till the fifth grade . then we split . mushnik have stop follow they . musenik ( shouting at they ) so how do you intend to better yourself ? crystal better ourselves ? you hear what he say , chiffon ? better ourselves ? mister , when you from skid row , be not no such thing . the Girls turn the corner into a darken , narrow street where we see trash can and fire escape , and a wino lie amidst the filth . about twenty yard in the distance we see a woman . she be in she fifty , wear - ing a work uniform . she could be a waitress or a may . a old , wear coat hang from she shoulder . ( continued ) continued : 9 she seem very tired and walk very slowly toward camera . mustc : intro to '' downtown / skid row . " woman ( sing ) alarm go off at seven and you start uptown you put 's in you eight hour for the power : that have always be . ronette ( speak ) sing it , child . woman till it 's five p.m. wino ( sit up ) then you go ... he fall back down . the Girls join the woman as they walk up the narrow street to the main skid row Street . woman and girl downtown , where the folk be break downtown , where you life 's a joke downtown , when you buy you token you go ... Home to skid row Home to skid row . , wino 2 ( enter shot ) yes , you go ... he fall out of shot . from around a corner , from a alleyway , from a fire escape , from a tenement building ... more people ( maid , janitor , bus boy , bag lady , waitress , bum , messenger , etc. ) join the woman and the Girls . the group build in strength and passion and take over the street in a number whose choreography be not dance but rather , impassion , rhythmic movement . new person 1 ( on the street ) downtown , where the cab do not stop . ( continued ) 9 10 continued : ( 2 ) new person 2 ( in a tenement window ) downtown , where the food be slop . person 2 join the other on the street . new person 3 & 4 ( from a alleyway ) downtown , where the hop-head flop in the snow ! all down on skid row ! down on skid row ! all ( cont . ) ( plus more from around a corner ) uptown you cater to a million jerk uptown , you be messenger and mailroom clerk eat all you lunch at the hot dog cart the boss take you money and they break you heart . a 1950 's bus stop and discharge a few more people who join the throng . all ( cont . ) and uptown you cater to a million whore you disinfect terrazzo on they bathroom floor you job be really menial , you make no bread and then at five o'clock you head ... wino ( from behind garbage can ) by subway ... all downtown . ext . shop - day audrey be on the sidewalk empty break clay pot into a trash can . we see the chorus reflect in the shop 's window . audrey where the guy be drip . all ( 0.s. ) downtown ! 10 ( continued ) 10 11 12 will . continued : 10 audrey where they rip you slip . . all ( 0.s. ) downtown ! audrey where relationship be no -go ! audrey walk into 's the street where everyone be pose hyper- dramatically ( a la " West side Story " ) sing in powerful chorus . she , also sing , move amongst they . all plus audrey down on skid row down on skid row down on skid row down on skid row down on skid row down on skid row down on skid row ! int . shop - day . 11 seymour be sweeping he mess . seymour poor ! all my life I have always be poor I keep ask God what I be for and he tell I , gee , I be not sure ( mimick mushnik ) sweep that floor kid ! ( himself again ) oh ! I start life as a orphan , child of the street here on skid row ! ext . shop - day , 12 during the previous lyric , camera have turn a full 360 degree to show the chorus in the background and it now follows seymour out of the shop onto the sidewalk as he sing : seymour he take I in , give I shelter a bed , crust of bread and a job treat I like dirt , call I a slob ... which I be so I live ( continued ) 12 12 . continued : 12 everyone on the street be now move , very slowly , not unlike zomby . ( audrey be no longer with they . ) seymour join they in the street and walk amongst they . all downtown seymour that 's you home address , you live ... all downtown seymour when you life 's a mess , you live ... all downtown seymour where depression 's jes ' status quo ! all down on skid row ! high , wide shot of chorus in background on Main Street as seymour turn and walk into a narrow alley . he be alone and sing to himself . seymour someone show I a way to get outa here ' Cause I constantly pray I will get outa here please will not somebody say I will get outa here someone gimme my shot or I will rot here . camera crane down with seymour as he stop in front of a old rusty cyclone fence which create a cul de sac . camera be now behind the fence as we see seymour through the steel mesh . suddenly a filthy hand come up grab the wire , follow by its body , and another body , and another , and another . we see that the body be that of bum slowly crawl up the cyclone fence almost on top of each other as they menacingly sing to seymour who be back away and also sing . seymour all show I how and I will downtown I will get outa here there 's no rule I will start climbin ' for we ! uphill : downtown ( more ) ( more ) ( continued ) 12 13 continued : ( 2 ) seymour ( cont 'd ) and get outa here someone tell I I still could get outa here all ( cont 'd ) " Cause it 's dangerous downtown , where the rainbow 's just a no -show ! seymour , feel trap , run out of the a '' -y . seymour - someone tell Lady luck that I be stick here bum ( v.0 . ) when you live ... during the follow we intercut between audrey and seymour , each of whom be at different part of the street . they wander about melodramatically try to get away from the filth and degradation of skid row . seymour and audrey gee it sure would be swell to , get outa here bid the gutter farewell and get outa here I would move heaven and Hell to get .outa skid ... I would do I dunno what to get outa skid but a helluvalot to get outa skid all downtown where the sun do not shine downtown past the bottom line downtown go ask any wino he will know - downtown downtown unable to escape from the shackle of skid row , and feel desperately trap , they stop at either side of a corner building . they do not see each other as , in a overly dramatic , yet heartfelt plea , they sing to the heaven . the sky become lyrical and pink and the entire chorus move in slow , deliberate , quasi- Jerome robbin choreography as everyone sing with starry - eye intensity . seymour and audrey ( cont . ) people tell I there 's not a way outa skid but believe I I gotta get outa skid row int . shop - early morning all ( cont . ) downtown skid row ! 13 mushnik , seymour and audrey be in the shop . mushnik , depressed , glance up at the clock . ( continued ) 13 continued : 14 . 13 mushnik look at that ! six o'clock and we have not sell so much as a fern . all right . that 's it . do not bother come in tomorrow . audrey you do not mean ... seymour you can not mean ... mushnik what ? what ? what do not I mean ? '' I mean I be close , forget it , kaput . audrey you can not ! mushnik kaput ! extinct . I be close this God and customer forsaken place . seymour Mr. mushnik , forgive I for say so , but have it ever occur to you that maybe what the firm need be to move in a new direction ? audrey seymour , why do not you run downstairs and bring up that strange and interesting new plant you have be work on ? seymour helpfully exit . audrey ( cont . ) you see , Mr. mushnik , some of that exotic plant that seymour 's be tinkering around with be really ... unusual ... and we be both think that maybe some of that strange and interesting plant , prominently display and advertise , would attract business . seymour be now stand behind they hold the same withere plant we see earlier in the basement . it look even worse than it do before . ( continued ) 13 continued : 15 . ( 2 ) 13 seymour I be afraid it be not feel very well today . audrey there , now be not that ... bizarre ? mushnik at least . what kind of a weirdo Plant be that , seymour ? seymour I dunno . it look like some kinda flytrap , but I have not be able to identify it in any of my book . so I give it my own name . I call it a audrey two . audrey after I ? seymour I hope you do not mind . ( beat ) you see , sir , if you put a strange and interesting plant like this , here in the window , maybe ... mushnik maybe what ? do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound ? just because you put a strange and interesting plant in the window , people do not suddenly ... a customer open the door to the shop . customer Excuse I . I could not help notice that strange and interesting plant . mushnik and employee look up in amazement . customer ( cont . ) what be it ? seymour it 's a audrey two ! customer '' I have never see anything like it before . ( continued ) 13 14 16 . continued : ( 3 ) 13 seymour no one have . customer where do you get it ? music : a harp ? bell ? the kind of thi ... that signall a flashback in musical of the forty and fifty . seymour look off into the distance , conjure for himself the vision of he first encounter with the plant . seymour well -- you remember that total eclipse of the sun a couple of week ago ? flashback ( " Da doo " ) : through this entire sequence , we hear seymour in v.0o . and see he in the situation he describe . Crystal , ronette , and chiffon be always in the recall scene with he , just sort of there , hang out on a stoop or lurking in a corner , sing backup with appropriately choreograph girl - group gesture . ext . a stylized , almost caligarian rendition of sixth 14 avenue in the thirtie - the . plant district . girl ( sung ) Da doo . seymour be walk along , fascinate by the foliage for sale . seymour ( v.0 . ) ( speak ) - I be walk in the wholesale flower district that day ... girl shoop Da do he pass a strange - look florist 's shop , its sign print in chinese character . seymour ( v.o. ) and I pass by this place where this old chinese man ... '' closeup : a elderly mandarin with a craze and evil leer . ( continued ) 14 17 . continued : 14 girl chang ! Da doo seymour and the mandarin shake hand . seymour ( v.0 . ) - he sometimes sell I weird and exotic cutting ... mandarin chop a leaf off a plant with a dangerous - look Oriental saber . girl snip ! Da doo mandarin extend the leaf to seymour . seymour ( v.0 . ) ' Cause he know , ya see , that strange plant be my hobby . seymour examine it . girl Da da da da da Da doo ! and decide not to buy it . seymour ( v.0 . ) he do not have anything unusual there that day . girl nope ! Da doo. seymour start to walk away . seymour ( v.0 . ) so I be just about to , you know , walk on by ... girl good for you ! but suddenly , seymour stop dead in he track . he notice something in the sky ! seymour ( v.0 . ) when suddenly and without warning -- there be this ... ( continued ) 14 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 14 the sky . a total eclipse occur before we eye . seymour & girl ( v.0 . ) total eclipse of the sun ! seymour ( v.0 . ) it get very dark . just as suddenly , the eclipse be over . we be back on the street and seymour look at the mandarin in puzzlement . the mandarin glance down at a row of flower bucket contain cut flower . girl Da doo ! among the flower bucket , now , sit one strange and interesting plant -- a baby version of ... closeup - the audrey two seymour ( v.0 . ) and when the light come back , this weird plant be just sit there . girl . . oops-ee-do! seymour ( v.0 . ) just stick in , you know , among the zinneas . seymour pick up the plant and examine it . girl aud-ree two ! seymour ( v.o. ) I coulda swear it have not be there before , but the old chinese man sell it to I anyway ... seymour fish in he pocket for one dollar and some change which he give to the inscrutable mandarin . seymour ( v.0o . ) ( cont . ) for a dollar ninety - five . seymour walk up the street , away from we , carry he new plant . girl & mandarin ( v.0 . ) sha la ‘la la la la doo doo doo doo ! ( continued ) 14 15 19 . continued : ( 3 ) . 14 extreme closeup of mandarin turn to camera and flash a know grin . extreme closeup of the Girls , also smile knowingly to camera . extreme closeup of two filthy bum , they face distort and smile . camera pull back and we see we be in ... | : int . shop - early evening 15 the two bum be now in the background outside the shop . they face be mushed against the display window as they look , with great curiosity , at the other in the shop . , customer yessir , that 's a unusual story and a fascinating plant . he turn to leave . mushnik , seymour and audrey exchange a look of mutual disappointment . and the customer turn around . customer ( cont . ) oh ... I , might as well take fifty dollar ' worth of rose while I be here . mushnik ( stunne ) fifty dollar ? yessir ! right away , sir ! customer . can you break a hundred ? mushnik ( he know it be too good to be true ) a hundred . er , no ... customer well , then I will just have to take twice as many , will not I ? he hand mushnik a hundred dollar bill . closeup of seymour . seymour twice as many ? ( continued ) 15 20 . continued : 15 closeup of audrey . audrey twice as many ? clo - 7 " p of the two bum we see outside the window . : bum mmouth it ... in '' mime ) " twice as many ? " the two bum quickly glance to the front door . closeup of customer 2 open front door . customer 2 that plant in the window , it 's simply amazing ! closeup of customer 3 open front door . / customer 3 that plant in the window , wherever would you get it ? closeup of customer 4 and 5 open front door . customer 4 look , there it be , marge . customer 5 ( marge ) oh my gosh , it 's peculiar ! ~ closeup of the two bum as they open the front door . they be about to speak when a look of fear cross they face and they turn and run as all the customer come pile out of the front door . they be laden with bunch and bunch of flower and be excitedly babbling about that amazing plant . mushnik ( in the doorway , wave good - bye ) thank you ! come again ! you know where to find we ! come and look at the weirdo plant some more . it 's just gonna get bigger and more interesting ! he come inside . there be no more flower in the shop . sold out . ( continued ) 15 16 17 21 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 : mushnik well , do not just stand there ! Quick , quick , quick . put that plant ... what do you call it ? seymour audrey two . mushnik put that audrey two back in the window where the passersby can see it ! I do not mind admit I be wrong when I be wrong and I be wrong . my God , I would never have believe it . my child , I be take we all out to dinner ! seymour , excited , look at audrey . audrey look up , intensely disappointed . audrey oh , I would like - to , Mr. mushnik , but I have a date . she head for the storage room . mushnik follow she in . . mushnik with the same nogoodnick ? int . coatroom 16 audrey remove she work smock and start to put on she jacket . mushnik I be tell you , audrey , you do not need a date with he . you need major medical . she close she jacket , look up meekly , force a sad , embarrassed smile . audrey enjoy dinner . int . shop 17 as audrey hurriedly pass through , seymour gaze at she longingly . ( continued ) 7 22 . continued : 17 ' audrey ( without look at he ) goodnight , seymour . seymour goodnight ... and she 's go . seymour look sadly off in she direction . mushnik emerge from the storeroom . mushnik poor girl . seymour ( forlorn . try to cheer himself up ) be we still go to dinner ? mushnik be about to answer kindly when he eye notice : the plant it have wilted since we last see it . it droops over the side of its pot at a forty - five degree angle . Three very serious descend musical chord underscore the shot . . mushnik approach the plant , pick it up , and take it to seymour . mushnik you be not go anywhere , krelborn ! you be stay right here and take care of this sick plant ! seymour I tell you it 's be give I trouble . it just wilt like this . the audrey two be not a healthy girl ! musenik strictly between we , neither be the audrey one . seymour if only I know what breed it be , what genus . but it 's nowhere in the book . ( continued ) 17 18 19 23 . continued : ( 2 ) 17 mushnik well , krelborn , my advice to you be you better figure it out and fast . look what this exotic . little beauty do for business . seymour I know . : mushnik so work , seymour ! nurse this plant back to health ! I be count on you ! seymour I know . mushnik ( don he coat , hat and scarf ) you do ? seymour I do . mushnik so fix ! goodnight ! ext . skid row - a glowing , deep pink sunset 18 music in : the intro to " grow for I . " - as we watch mushnik disappear , sunset give way to evening . one by one , light pop on in window up and down the street . winos light fire and huddle beside they with brown - bag bottle . a light pop on in seymour 's basement . room . int . the basement 19 seymour be look through the basement window at ... audrey stand in the window of she own tenement flat , across the street . she have change outfit and be now look into a mirror on she wall , struggle to conceal she black eye with cover girl liquid eye makeup . seymour gaze up at she with painful long , then return he attention to he pathetic botanical charge . ( continued ) 19 24 . continued : 19 he sing as he work with mist can , spade and fertilizer . it be a intimate moment with a boy and he plant . seymour I have give you sunshine I have give you dirt you have give I nothin 's but heartache and hurt . I be beggin ' you sweetly , I be down on my knee . oh please , grow for I . I have give you plantfood and water to sip . I have give you potash . you have give I ... zip ! oh God , how I mist you . oh pod , how you tease . now. please , grow for I . seymour grab a gardening - book from the shelf and leaf through it . seymour ( cont . ) I have give you southern exposure to get you to thrive I have pinch you back hard , like I be s'pose to you be barely alive I have try you at level of moisture from desert to mud he give up for a while and start put he room in semi-order . seymour ( cont . ) I have give you grow -light and mineral supplement . what do you want from I ? blood ? seymour pick up some dead rose , the thorns of which have prick he finger . it bleed just a little ... but brightly . seymour ( cont . ) damned rose ! damned thorns ! seymour rummages around through a box to find some band - aid . his finger keep bleed . near he , a light from behind cast the plant 's shadow on the wall . suddenly ... ( continued ) 19 25 . continued : ( 2 ) : 19 the shadow move . in silhouette , the pod have open up . seymour notice this and turn around to see -- audrey two , open wide , as if ask for something . seymour move toward it . it upen wider . he be puzzle by this behavior , then shrug it off and return to he previous activity . he put a band - aid on he finger , hide the blood . the plant close . seymour notice this and begin to get the idea . he remove the band - aid and raise he finger in front of the pod . sure enough , it open again . seymour slowly hide he finger behind he back . and just as slowly , the pod close . he reveal the blood again . the plant open . now he try to trick it . he move he hand down - up very fast . with amazing reflex , the plant shut and open . seymour gulp and sing : seymour ( cont . ) I have give you sunshine . itve give you rain . look like you be not happy , ' less I open a vein ! I will give you a few drip if that will appease ... now please ... oh please ... he squeeze a few drop of blood from he finger into the gape pod . it snatch for the red stuff like a puppy for a biscuit . seymour , a little sicken by he own action and even more so by he plant 's response , turn away from the pod and start upstairs . seymour ( cont . ) I guess a few drop could not hurt ... long as you do not make a habit out of it or anything . audrey two be alone now , light by a shaft of moonlight pour in through the basement window . as music build under , the dirt in which the plant be pot begin to stir . the dry surface erupt like a small earthquake . root begin to push through . the maxwell House coffee can start to shake , then bulge . at last , the plant itself begin to grow . ( continued ) 19 20 21 26 . continued : ( 3 ) 19 the pod sort of bubbles , then swell . New leave appear , first as bud , and then unfurl before we eye , the stem extend three inch , then four . by the time the music reach its climax , the plant be a sturdy foot - and - a- half tall . it then bend its stem gracefully and rise back up . if we do not know better , we would think it have just take a curtain call . int . radio station 20 a announcer sit at a desk in a small radio station . he speak into a microphone . announcer this be radio station wskid ... he play five note on a small chime . announcer ( cont . ) where in just a few minute we will be bring you " wink wilkensen 's weird World ! " the show that talk to wonderful people who bring in they weird thing . but first , the news ... ( he change he voice to make it very deep ) «+ . the President today announce ... int . control room 21 it be separate from the studio by glass . we faintly hear the news broadcast as we see , sit in a chair , aman hold a fish which be stuff and mount . the fish have a human nose and mustache . next to the man and fish be seat a little boy hold a rube Goldberg - type machine . next to he , and also seat , be a six - foot tall wooden ventriloquist 's dummy . sitting on the dummy 's lap be a live midget who be casually . smoking a cigarette . and next to he be seymour with audrey two on he lap . they be all patiently wait they turn . the plant be now a good twelve inch taller than when we see it last . seymour wear ten band -aid ... one on each of he finger . unseen by the other , include seymour , audrey two start lean towards the engineer who be adjust some dial . the plant inch closer to the engineer . ( continued ) 21 22 27 . continued : 21 only when the plant have its pod open and be about to bite the engineer , do seymour notice . he grab the pod and pull it back . int . the studio '' 2 the announcer be finish the news . announcer ( still with a low voice ) «+ . partly cloudy on Saturday with high in the mid-seventy . he bang on the chime again , five time . announcer ( cont . ) ( back to Voice no . 1 ) and now , " wink wilkensen 's weird World ! " with you host , wink wilkensen ! through the glass , in the background , we see a assistant get seymour and the plant . music : theme of '' wink wilkensen 's weird World ! " announcer ( cont . ) ( same announcer , but now with still another voice ) thanks , Ted . hi , everybody . we have get a great show for you today . some wonderful people with some really weird stuff . ( wave at he assistant to bring in seymour ) we first guest be someone you have probably read about in the papers by now ... Mr. seymour krelborn who have discover a new breed of plant life hitherto unknown on this planet . hello , Mr. krelborn . seymour uh , hello ... wink . announcer say , I sure wish the folk at home could see this . where do you get such a weird plant ? ( continued ) 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 . continued : seymour well ... you remember that total eclipse of the sun a couple of week ago ? omitted int . control room Crystal , ronette and chiffon pop up from behind the engineer . girl ( sung ) Da doo ! int . studio seymour ( speak ) I be walkin ' in the wholesale flower district that day ... int . the shop - early evening the cash register ring . its drawer open as , from it , mushnik grab and count wad of money . in the back - ground we see a sign in the window . it read : " welcome to mushnik 's -- Home of the audrey two . " a " close " sign be on the door . announcer ( v.0o . ) ( on radio ) and thus we conclude we interview with seymour krelborn , the young botanical ... er , do you mind if I call you a genius ? seymour ( v.0 . ) gosh , nol mushnik shake he head in disbelief . announcer ( v.0 . ) the genius who have discover America 's large and most amazing unidentified plant . ( continued ) 22 23 24 25 26 27 27 28 29 . continued : 27 seymour ( v.o. ) I would like to remind we listener that the audrey two be on display exclusively at mushnik 's skid row florist 's ... during the above . from inside we see that audrey be outside bang on the front door . mushnik rush over and open it . her black eye be a little better , but she now wear she arm in a chic leopard - print sling . audrey be I late ? do I miss it ? they move to the radio , on which we hear seymour strug - gling to get he last word in as the announcer con - clude the broadcast . seymour ( v.o. ) announcer ( v.o. ) that 's mushnik 's ... m... and so until next use soo . how nowe ione Wednesday , this be wink k ... open six day a week , wilkensen say so ten to six ! long and watch out for what 's weird . mushnik switch off the radio . mushnik that 's what I call advertising . he grab he coat and start out the front door with audrey follow . audrey seymour 's first radio broadcast . I want to hear so bad . I try to be on time , but ... ext . shop - early evening 28 mushnik and audrey on sidewalk . mushnik lock the door . mushnik do not tell I . you get tie up . audrey no , just handcuff ... a little . we see a large picture of seymour and the plant hang near the sign in the display window as mushnik walk audrey across the street . ( continued ) 30 . 28 continued : 28 mushnik handcuffed . audrey , I do not know who this noodnick be you be hang out with , but he be hazardous to you health . audrey that 's . for sure . but I can not leave he . : mushnik why not ? audrey he would get angry . and if he do this to I when he like I , imagine what he would do if he ever get mad . they arrive at she tenement door . mushnik sigh in exasperation and leave . audrey turn and enter she building . music : lead -in to '' somewhere that 's Green . " 29 int . audrey' apartment - early evening ' 29 it be a typical , small skid row apartment , however , audrey have try to cover the poverty in which she life by decorate it in a style we would call " frilly woolworth 's . " she enter and look out she window at the picture of seymour across the street as she sing : audrey I think seymour 's the great but I be dating a semi-sadist . so I get a black eye and my arm 's in a cast . still that seymour 's a cutie . she look at he picture again , then decide to be honest . audrey ( cont . ) well , if not he 's get inner beauty and I dream of a place where we could be together at last ... ( continued ) 29 31 ... continued : . 29 she pull out she treasure collection of magazine : " House and garden , " " better Homes , " " woman 's Day . '' music swell lyrically as she flip they open to favorite picture : model kitchen with avocado - color , double -u_. : refrigerator , playroom with knotty pine panell , pristine early american bedroom with white chenille spread and doily - cover night table . a exterior shot of a '' contemporary '' split - level house , circa 1961 . she sigh and continue sing : audrey ( cont . ) a matchbox of we own . a fence of real chain link a grill out on the patio disposal in the sink a washer and a dryer and a irone machine in a tract house that we share , somewhere that 's green . camera push into the picture . audrey' daydream she 's a the magazine picture now , dress for all the world like Barbara billingsley from pump to pearl , a ruffle apron protect she shirtwaist . she move from room to room of a perfect ( and perfectly awful ) suburban cheesebox -- dusting the plastic - cover sofa , adjust the pole - lamp , straighten the hand -tint , plastic - frame photo -- sing all the while . audrey ( cont . ) he rake and trim the grass he love to mow and weed I cook like Betty crocker and I look like donna reed there 's plastic on the furniture to keep it neat and clean in the pine - sol scent air somewhere that 's Green . orchestral interlude - a brief dream ballet . the mood now be pure Leslie Caron as the rest of audrey 's dream be dance out . 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 32 . ext . the front lawn - day : 30 we see a merrily pot-belly seymour mow the lawn in a brightly color ban-lon shirt , as a cocker spaniel yap at he heel . int . the playroom - day 31 the child watch Saturday Morning tv as audrey appear with a smile pitcher of Kool - Aid . the daughter be platinum blonde like she Mom and wear a little leopard - print pinafore . the son be prematurely bald at seven year old and wear glass and cap identical to he father 's . int . the dine room - day '' 32 audrey usher neighbor lady in pedal - pusher and curler to a table set for mah jongg . ina flash , she 's back with bridge - mix and crustless tuna fish sandwich . int . the live room - day 33 audrey and neighbor at a tupperware party . int . the kitchen - day 34 audrey dance to the oven to put in four swanson tv dinner . . ext . long shot - dusk 35 outside , the sun begin to set-over a development where all the house look just like this one . . int . playroom at night 36 audrey and seymour snuggle on the couch . the kid be on the floor , watch Lucy with she hand stick in a bowl ball . even the dog and cat be snuggle and enjoy the program . audrey continue to sing in v.o . audrey ( v.0 . ) between we freeze dinner and we bedtime , nine - fifteen we snuggle watch Lucy on we big enormous - twelve -inch screen 37 38 33. int . upstair 37 audrey and seymour tuck the kid into bunk bed and chuckle at the pet asleep with they . audrey ( v.0 . ) I be he December bride he 's Father , he know best the kid ' room , next to we room and a third room for a guest a picture out of better Homes and garden Magazine audrey and seymour reach the threshold of they early american bedroom . he lift she up and we tactfully -- dissolve back to : ext . skid row - night 38 closeup of audrey at she window sing . camera slowly pull back as she look out and see a bleak skid row cityscape of brick wall , garbage , fire escape , and pass - out wino . . audrey Far from skid row I dream we will go somewhere that 's ... Green . camera have pull back across the street so we see a extreme wide shot of audrey 's tenement . hers be the only bright light we see in this dark , decaye street . music :. a pulsing , high energy , bass line . the beginning of " some fun now . " this music dissolves the reflective mood as camera tilt up to see the skid row skyline . on a distant ' rooftop be three figure , silhouett against the sky . we start moving toward they with gather speed as the pulsate bass - line build in volume and excite - ment . soon , we be close enough to see that it 's ... Crystal , ronette and chiffon , in a girl - group formation , bath in the glow of a rooftop neon sign . they begin to sing , Crystal take the lead , in a exaggerated " donna summer meet irene Cara " style . girl ya yayyaya ya ya ya ya yayaya ya ya ya ( more ) ( continued ) 38 34 , continued : 38 girl ( cont 'd ) seymour , the shnook , his life be the worst oh what a bore dirt poor be now take a look his ' 1ck have reverse Joy to the boy ! it sure be some fun now ! insert - spinning newspaper - " skid row gazette . " headline -- " mystery Plant at mushnik 's ! " insert - spinning newspaper - " Garden Club News . " headline -- " audrey two ! the New Plant for the sixty ? ! " photo of a larger audrey two be hold by a weaker ~ look seymour . insert - spinning periodical - " the second annual horticultural Award luncheon . " several photo of seymour hold the plant and accept a award . girl ( cont . ) he be bringin ' up the rear - of ( some fun now ) he be ringin ' up a zero ( some fun now ) : now he 's swingin ' into gear - of some fun now now television appearance : seymour , hold a ever-larger audrey two talk with groucho marx on " you Bet you life . " the duck fly down . the secret word be " '' chlorophyl . " girl ( cont . ) some fun now most folk use to sock it to he ( some fun now ) told joke , use to try to screw he ( some fun now ) now they be proud to say they know he ( some fun now ) some fun now insert - spinning " tv guide . " " tv guide " stop spin , open and camera push in to see list for " Mr. wizard . " television appearance ~- seymour , hold a even larger audrey two , talk to Mr. wizard and a couple of thirteen - year- old kid who look too smart for they own good . ( continued ) 38 39 35 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 girl ( cont . ) some fun now that 's the way the whoopie go and ( some fun now ) that 's the way the garden grow and ( some fun now ) some fun heaven only know it 's ... still photo - various still of seymour be more successful . girl ( cont . ) some fun now ! some fun now ! some fun now ! some fun now ! int . shop - day _ 39 the shop be bulg with customer all chatter about , and view , the audrey two and buy flower as if they be go out of style . it be obvious that mushnik have ploughed some of he profit back into the- shop . it have be re-decorate with real formica on the counter , new refrigerate display case with twinkle light , kitschy pseudo- antique trimming , the work . the Girls be also in the mass of customer and continue sing " some fun now , '' the lyrice of which fade into and mingle with the cacophony of the people in the store . girl ( fade out ) some fun now ! some fun now ! some fun now . some fun now . as the throng move about the shop they clear the plant enough for we to see that it be now sit in a enormous pot on the floor and stand a full four - foot tall with a spotlight on it . mushnik be on the phone and can barely make himself hear over all the babble . musenik yes , Mrs. shiva . no , Mrs. shiva . right away , Mrs. shiva. ( hang up and shout to seymour ) seymour ! do you send out the order for Mrs. shiva ? ( continued ) 39 40 36 . continued : 39 seymour ( look very anemic ) Mrs. shiva ! I forget ! mushnik you forget ! you forget ! do yc - hear this , God ? be you listen , customer ? he forget ! seymour head for the storeroom . int . storeroom - day 40 the shop 's little storage room have be convert into a flower arrange area . audrey be hard at work on a " get well soon " arrangement which include not only flower but handy pocket pack of kleenex and bottle of aspirin . behind she a sign advertise " arrangement by audrey . " from the other room , we hear the bustling sound of the successful shop . ' seymour rush in just as audrey put the final touch into she arrangement ... a thermometer . . seymour ( enter ) audrey , quick ... we gotta do a emergency arrangement . audrey ( spring into action ) birthday ? wedding ? baby ? seymour funeral . audrey Hand I the lily . they clear a space on the table and audrey begin to assemble a very large and scrupulously tasteless funeral arrangement . huge lily . Black satin bow . seymour assist , like a nurse at surgery . seymour Mr. mushnik 's really mad . I keep forget thing . I guess it 's ' cause I feel a little weak and lighthead all the time .. audrey scissor . you have get a lot on you mind . ( continued ) 40 37 . continued : : 40 mushnik pass through on the way to the basement . mushnik mind ? what mind ? the shiva be we most important funereal =ccount . who could forget such a order ? he leave . audrey sometimes I think Mr. mushnik 's too hard on you . glue . seymour hand audrey a can of spray glue with which she begin to spray the fresh lily , carnation and mum in she arrangement . neither she nor seymour consider this anything out of the ordinary . seymour I do not mind . after all , I owe he everything . he take I out of the skid row Home for boy when I be just a little tyke ... give I a warm place to sleep ... under the counter ... good thing to eat like meatloaf and water ... floor to sweep and toilet to clean and ... audrey glitter . she be nold out she hand like a surgeon do for a scalpel . seymour hand she a plastic bag of multi - color glitter . audrey toss fistsful of glitter on the glue - cover flower as she address seymour , meaning every word from the bottom of she enormous eart . audrey you know , I think you should raise you expectation , seymour . now that you be get successful I mean . she pause for a moment and look straight at he . audrey ( cont . ) it 's clear you suffer from a low self -image . and it 's high time you should get it fix . go out and do something nice for yourself , like buy some nice clothes . ( continued ) 38 . 40 continued : ( 2 ) 40 seymour aw , I 'ma very bad shopper , audrey . I do not have good taste ... he look admiringly down at the glitter arrangement , then adoringly up into she eye . . seymour ( cont. ) «ee like you . audrey ( she melt ) oh ... ( she return he loving gaze ) well ... ( there 's magic in the air ) '' + + I could help you pick thing out . he can not believe what he 's just hear . he lean closer . : seymour you could ? so do she . audrey sure ! and closer ... seymour you would go shopping with I ? audrey sure ! and closer ... seymour you would be see with I in a public place like a department store ? audrey sure ! seymour tonight ? ( continued ) 40 41 39 . continued : ( 3 ) 40 reality intrude . she pull back , embarrassed and upset . she smile shyly to cover it . mushnik now be - enter , have come from the basement . audrey oh , I can not tonight . ( beat ) I have get a date . seymour be crestfallen . see mushnik , he grab the arrangement and exit . audrey watch seymour as he dejectedly walk away . she truly wish she could go out with he . musenik again this date ? some date . a date give you a corsage , not a multiple fracture , I be tell you , audrey , he be not a good , clean kinda boy . audrey ( she return to work ) he 's a professional . mushnik what kinda professional drive a motorcycle and wear a black leather jacket ? music : a nasty , tambourine and chain - flavor '' leader of the pack " musical vamp begin as we -- cot to : ext . STREET - day 41 -extreme closeup of a black - leather glove revving the accelerator of a move motorcycle . camera tilt up to see a face cover by a black motorcycle helmet . Dark goggle cover the eye . all we can see be the lower face of a toothy - grin greaser with a Robert goulet smile . we do not know it yet , but this be orin scrivello . orin when 7 be young , just a bad little i my mama notice funny thing I do like shootin ' puppy with a b.b. gun I would poison guppy , and when I be do -- I would find a pussycat and bash in he head . that 's when my mama say ... 42 43 44 40 . ext . CITY STREET scene - day 42 pedestrian busily move along the sidewalk . Crystal , ronette and chiffon be sit on a park car as orin pull up . girl what do she say ? orin get off the bike , which miraculously stay up by itself . he walk into a office building and down a corridor . orin she say , my boy I think someday you will find a way to make you natural tendency pay . he stop in the corridor and open a door . orin ( cont . ) you will be a ... int . dentist office 43 orin step inside and unzip he black leather jacket underneath which he be wear a white dentist 's uniform . the Girls be now in the background wear Dental Assistant 's uniform and sing back -up . orin dentist ! you have a talent for cause thing pain . orin take off he helmet and fling it aside , hit he nurse , miss mack , and knock she out . orin ( cont . ) Son be a dentist ! people will pay you to be inhumane . room one 44 orin enter . a terrify patient , wear god-awful look brace , be in the chair . orin , still wear he motorcycle glove , grab a absolutely filthy , crud-cake towel and " clean " he glove . orin you temperament 's wrong for the priesthood and teach would suit you still less . ( continued ) 44 45 46 41 . continued : 44 orin grab a large plier from a cabinet full of horrific-looking dental instrument . he wrench the patient 's head back and maniacally " tighten " the patient 's brace . orin twist the brace with the same subtlety he would use to jack up a car . the patient almost pass out . . orin ( cont . ) Son , be a dentist '' you will be a success ! orin exit . music vamp . room two . 45 grinning dementedly , he enter the room as a star would enter a stage . a twelve - year- old boy sit in the chair . his mother stand next to he , hold he hand . girl {in room ) here he be , folk the leader of the plaque orin yank the gas mask off the terrify boy and he breathes in some gas . girl ( cont . ) watch he suck up that gas ! oh my God ! the mother faint . High on nitrous oxide , orin giggle maniacally and exit . room three 46 orin enter giggle . girl ( v.0 . ) he 's a dentist and he will never - ever be any good . another horrify patient tremble in the chair as orin go into the patient 's mouth with a rusty plier . orin emerge with a large rotted tooth , root and all . he fling the tooth aside and exit giggle . ( continued ) 46 47 42 . continued : : 46 girl ( poke they head in the doorway ) who want they tooth do by the Marquis De sade ! music vamp . room four * 47 orin be lean over another patient to whom he 's just give a injection . orin retract the huge needle from the patient 's mouth . patient ( shriek ) oh , that hurt ! orin grab he trusty plier and head for the patient 's tooth . patient ( cont . ) ( terrify ) mait ! I be not numb ! _ orin ah , shut up ! open wide ! here I come ! reverse shot from inside the patient 's mouth . we see the back of he tooth , tongue , and lip and through the open of the lip we see orin and the Girls sing . orin I be you dentist ! patient ( the large lip form the word ) goodness gracious ! orin and I enjoy the career that I pick . girl you love it ! orin ( exiting shot ) I be you dentist ( continued ) 47 48 49 50 43 , continued : / 47 CUT to orin at the door . it be close . girl ( 0.s. ) fitting brace ! orin stand with he ear to the door , listen . orin and I get off on the pain I inflict ! on the word : " inflict " orin violently swing open the door . CUT to : the hallway 48 we see orin have catch he nurse , miss mack , in mid - stride and have flatten she against the wall . love it , he cross to room five . . girl ( 0.s. ) he really love it ! room five 43 orin be hand cranking a WWII field drill which emit a horrible screeching noise . the patient be absolutely catatonic with fear as , ever grin , orin get down to it . orin ( over the screeching SOUND of the drill ) I thrill when I drill a bicuspid it 's swell , though they tell I I be maladjust girl dentist ! waiting room 50 orin poke he smile head in . orin and though it may cause my patient distress . all the patient in the wait room cower back . patient distress ! '' 1 44 , room five 51 a patient who be manacle hand and foot and whose mouth be fill with cotton bit , fight to remove herself from the chair . the Girls hold she down . orin relish make she wait for the torment to come . he open a cupboard and inside we see a altar with candle burn and a large , gilt - frame photo of a elderly italian lady . he sing to it adoringly . orin somewhere , somewhere in heaven above I I know -- I know that my mama 's proud of I ' Cause I be a dentist ! and a success ! he slowly , menacingly start to approach the patient brandish a whining drill in one hand and with the other hand he hold a water sprayer . he viciously spray a thick , steady stream of water into the patient 's mouth . orin ( cont . ) say ah . patient ( in terror , with she mouth fill with water ) ahhh ... orin say ah ! patient ( about to pass out aggggghhhh ! orin be leer , menace , and wild - eye as he 's drow - ing the patient . orin ~ say ah ! patient ( gargle a scream ) ahhhrroggrr ! orin ( smugly , straight to camera ) now spit . ( continued ) 51 51a 45 . continued : 51 orin violently slap the patient on the back . the patient heave forward spew out a huge mouthful of water and cotton bit as we -- cur to : ext . STREET s1a a closeup of about a gallon of water and piece of gravel landing in the gutter . camera tilt up to see a large vase of water be emptied by seymour . he put the first vase down , pick up a second one and as he empty the second one a motorcycle roar to a halt by the curb and splashes seymour . it be orin , in full black leather gear . he remove he helmet and de-bike ( again , the motorcycle miraculously stay up by itself ) . he approach the shop , unscrew the cap of a little metal inhaler as he walk . seymour I be sorry , sir . you can not go in there now . orin ( smile ) oh yes , I can . seymour no , really , sir . we be close ! orin ( lift the inhaler to he nose ) relax . you want some nitrous oxide ? ° . seymour no , no , thank you . orin ( continue toward shop ) suit yourself . seymour uh ... sir ... you really can not ... audrey come out of the shop , dress for she date . audrey it 's okay , seymour . this be my date ... ( continued ) 51a 46 . continued : 5s1a orin nod , grin , and giggle inanely , feel the gas . audrey ( cont . ) my boyfriend . seymour . orin scrivello ... orin abruptly stop laugh and shoot she a murderous glare . : audrey ( cont . ) ( quickly , to pacify he ) D.D.S. orin ( suddenly , loud ) hey ! seymour ( involuntarily ) sir? orin ( extremely affable ) I know you . sure , I see you on the news ... gimme a minute , now . I know you name ... it 's cedric , Steven , Simon ... audrey seymour ... orin ( suddenly vicious ) somebody talkin ' to you ? audrey oh no ... Excuse I . orin Excuse I what ? audrey Excuse I ... Doctor . orin that 's better . ( turn to seymour ; a pussycat again ) I know , you be the Plant guy , right ? he wait ! it must be in there , huh ? ( continued ) 51a 52 47 . continued : ( 2 ) 51a he inhale some more nitrous and stumble to the window . there it be , big as life . orin ( cont . ) ow wow , be that incredible ! audrey er... should not we be leave now ? orin shoot she another threaten look . audrey ( cont . ) I be sorry ! orin sorry what ? audrey Doctor ! Doctor ! sorry , Doctor ! orin ( to seymour ) ya gotta train them , eh , stud ? listen , here 's my card . you ever need a root canal or anything just give I a buzz , you hear ? I be serious . it 's on the house . okay , aud-ree ! orin toss he head summoning audrey to follow . she sneak one miserable , trap glance at seymour , then force herself to join orin on the motorcycle . as orin revs it up we see , on the cycle , a decal insignia of a tooth stick with a dagger and the letter . " a.d.a . " orin call back to audrey over the roar of the engine . orin ( cont . ) you get the handcuffs ? audrey ( as they pull away ) they be right in my bag . seymour 's blood be boil . he leap on he bicycle and pedal off to follow they . ext . drive - in - night 52 orin , astride he bike gleefully watch the start of " creature from the haunted Sea . " audrey , behind he on the bike ( where she could not see the screen if she want to ) , be force to sit hold the little drive - in speaker . 53 54 55 56 48 , ext . the drive - in' snack bar 53 with a tacky neon sign in the background and a woman in robe and curler carry food in the foreground , seymour , depressed to the point of desperation , sit at a picnic table watch they . thunder . a sudden cloudburst . ext . drive -in . 54 on the motorcycle , orin snap he finger . audrey pull out a umbrella and hold it in one hand , the speaker still in the other , cover orin while she herself get soak . ext . snack bar 55 seymour , deject and get wet , bicycle away . dissolve to : int . the shop - night ( a hour later ) 56 seymour , miserable and wet from he ride , sit on the floor next to audrey two . he pat the pot as he talk to it . he need a friend . seymour you oughta see the way he treat she twoey . she deserve a prince , not a sadistic creep like he . the man 's a total disgrace to the dental profession . I do not know what 's goin ' on sometimes . seem like the whole world 's goin ' crazy . least we get each other , right ? I be gonna turn in , twoey . see ya in the ... seymour start for the basement when he hear a crunch - ing SOUND . he turn around and see that -- audrey two have wilted dramatically . seymour ( cont . ) oh boy , here we go again . he look down at he finger . there 's still a bandage on each one . ( continued ) 56 continued : the plant 49 . 56 seymour ( cont . ) c'mon , I have not get much leave . I be all anemic , I have get dizzy spell ... lookit , gimme a few day to heal , okay ? then when the headache pass , we will start again on the leave hand and ... speak . a deep , funky basso . audrey two feed I . seymour I beg you pardon ? audrey two feed I ! seymour twoey ... you talk ... you open you trap , you . thing and you say ... audrey two ( loud ) feed I , krelborn ! feed I now ! seymour frantically start remove a band - aid and start toward the Plant . * seymour look , maybe I can squeeze a little more out of this one , but -- seymour stand over the gape pod , try to squeeze a drop or two from he bone - dry finger . - audrey two more ! more ! seymour there be not any more ! whatdya want I to do ? slit my wrist ? silently the Plant open its pod as if to say " you get iti " seymour ( cont . ) ( scared now ) oh boy . ( try to stay calm ) look ... I get a idea ... ( more ) ( continued ) 56 continued : music in . the Plant 50 . ( 2 ) 56 seymour ( cont 'd ) I be - a- go down to shmendrik 's and pick you up some nice chop sirloin . audrey two must be blood . . seymour twoey , that 's disgusting . audrey two must be fresh . seymour I do not want to hear this . " git it . " the Plant start to sing . audrey two feed I ! seymour ( speak ) do it have to be human ? audrey two feed I ! seymour do it have to be mine ? audrey two feed I ! seymour where be I s'pose to get it ? go into a " rock I , baby " style blue riff , sway its leave and move its pod with slick in - sinuation . audrey two feed I , seymour . feed I all night long . ( speak ) that 's right , boy , you can do it ! ( sung ) feed I , seymour feed I , all night long . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 sl . ( 3 ) 56 audrey two ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) henh , henh , henh , henh ! ( sung ) " Cause if ya feed I , seymour , I can gror tp , big and strong ! seymour start for the storeroom . he 's see enough . seymour ( speak ) you eat blood , audrey two , let 's face it . how be I s'pose to keep on feed you , kill people ? audrey two ( likewise ) I will make it worth you while . seymour stop dead in he track . seymour what ? audrey two you think this be all coincidence , baby ? the sudden success around here ? the press coverage ? seymour look , you be a plant ! a inanimate object ! seymour head out again . the Plant send a vine fly out across the room and wrap it around seymour 's audrey two do this look inanimate to you , punk ? ( beat ) if I can talk and I can move ? who 's to say I can not do anything I want ? seymour like what ? audrey two like deliver , pal . like see you get everything you secret , greasy heart desire ! the song resume as the Plant sensually rub its vine up and down seymour 's side . ( continued ) 56 52 . continued : ( 4 ) 56 audrey two ( cont . ) would you like a cadillac car ? or a guest shot on Jack paar ? how about a date with hedy lamarr ? you gonna git it ? the Plant 's vine spin seymour around abruptly so he 's now face the sing pod . it begin to rock in time to its own music .! audrey two ( cont . ) mm hm . how would ya like to be a big wheel dinin ' out for every meal I be the plant who can make it real ! you gonna git it ! the Plant start move its vine and tendril like a octopus at a modern dance recital as the music turn funky , slow , and hot . audrey two ( cont . ) I be you genie I be you friend I be you willing slave take a chance , just feed I and ya know the kinda eat the kinda red hot treat the kinda sticky , licky sweet I craaaaaaave ! on that word " crave , " the Plant open its pod wide for the first time , give we a glimpse of ferocious tooth inside . one vine pull up a chair while two other vine push seymour down onto the chair . the pod rise up a bit now , so it 's tower over the seat seymour like the genie from the lamp . the stem on which it rest rock out as the song start go for break . . audrey two ( cont . ) c'mon , seymour do not be a putz trust I and you life will surely rival King tut 's show a little ' nitiative work up the gut and you will git it ! ( continued ) 56 53. continued : ( 5 ) 56 seymour stand and , during the follow lyric which seymour sing to himself in voice over , he look in a mirror and see ... instead of he own face ... the face of Crystal , ronette and chiffon grin like cheshire cat and wailing a shrill Gospel counter - melody . seymour turn away . only to see a bum grin d-rhly at he through the window . : seymour ‘( v.0 . ) I do not know ! I do not know ! I have so many strong reservation ! should I go and perform ... seymour turn away from the grin bum and see a pair of scissors on the counter next to some shiny red ribbon . seymour ( cont . ) «+. mutilation ? seymour , still lose in think . the Plant over he shoulder , lean closer . audrey two ( speak ) you do not have nothin ' till you meet I . c'mon , kid . what will it be ? money ? Girls ? one particular girl ? how ' bout that audrey ? think it over . there must be someone you could eight - six , real quiet like ... and git I some lunch ! the Plant rock out again , move its stem like Mick Jagger move he hip , lean its pod over one of its vine , almost as if the leaf hold a microphone . audrey two ( cont . ) ( sung ) think about that room at the ritz ! wrapped in velvet , cover in glitz ! a little nookie gonna clean up that zit ! and you will git it ! seymour turn away from the doorway and sing to he - self . . seymour gee , I would like a harley machine ... ( continued ) 56 54 . continued : ( 6 ) 56 audrey two now you be cookin ' ! seymour toolin ' around like I be James Dean ... audrey two yeah ! seymour makin ' all the guy on the corner turn green ! audrey two so go git it ! oocoh-cooh=-cooh-oooh seymour get into it , now , as the Plant move every - thing it 's get -- pod , vine , stem , leave . it 's actu - ally dance with seymour -- who bugaloos right back at audrey two ( cont . ) if you wanna be profound and you really gotta justify take a break and look around a_lotta folk deserve to die ! the fun stop . seymour can not believe what he just seymour ( speak ) wait a minute , wait a minute ! that 's not a very nice thing to say . audrey two ( speak , nudging he smugly ) but it 's true , be not it ? seymour no ! I do not know anyone who deserve to get chop up and feed to a hungry plant ! audrey two mmmm , sure you do . and with that , the Plant send a vine sailing across the room to a light switch , which it flick off with the great of ease . ( continued ) 56 57 55 . continued : ( 7 ) - 56 from the darken shop 's front window , the street out - side be now plainly visible . the Plant 's vine take seymour firmly by the shoulder and point he toward the window . ext , the STREET outside - seymour' Pov 57 it 's still raining lightly . orin 's motorcycle roar to a halt outside audrey 's tenement building . they " disembark . " orin stupid woman ! Christ , what a friggin ' scatterbrain ! audrey I be sorry , Doctor ! I be sorry , Doctor ! orin drop the damned umbrella , get I soak ! audrey I be clumsy , Doctor ! I be clumsy , Doctor ! . they disappear into audrey 's building , but they muffle voice be still audible . orin ( 0.s. ) get the door open , ya little slut . audrey ( 0.s. ) . I be try , Doctor ! I be try , Doctor ! they appear now as silhouettes on the close shade of audrey 's apartment window . orin ( 0.s. ) look at my jacket ! look at my hair ! get the vitalis ! Quick , the vitalis ! audrey ( 0.s. ) I be out of it , Doctor ! orin ( 0.s. ) what ? 127121 ? still in silhouette on the shade , he slap she . ( continued ) 57 58 56 . continued : 57 audrey ( 0.s. ) orin ! that hurt ! orin ( 0.s. ) can it ! int . the shop : 58 music build to a climax as seymour slowly turn , red - face and tremble , toward the Plant . he 's a man possess now -- ready to do anything to save audrey from the clutches of that beast across the street . seymour & audrey two ( sing tight , angry harmony ) if you want a rationale it be not very hard to see stop and think it over , pal , the guy sure look like plantfood to 'mee ! the guy sure look like plantfood to I ! the guy sure look like plantfood to I ! : : : the Plant , jump up and down -- its pot hammer the floorboard -- be sing and " dance " wildly now , shaking everything it 's get work seymour up to a frenzy . seymour he 's so nasty , treat she rough ! audrey two smackin ' she around and always talkin ' so tough ! . seymour you need blood , and he 's get more than enough ! audrey two I need blood , and he 's get more than enough ! seymour & audrey two you ( I ) need blood and he 's get more than enough ! the Plant 's pod look seymour straight in the eye ... audrey two so go git it ! ( continued ) 57 . 58 continued : 58 seymour turn away from the Plant and into a closeup -- he face a knot of utter resolve . 59 int . dentist office reception room - 6 p.m. ( the 59 next afternoon ) miss mack , a receptionist and refugee from the woman 's Army Corps , sit read " combat Magazine . " she have a large band - aid on she face from when the helmet hit she . across from she wait a patient , mr. denton . orin' giggle waft in from a- : nearby examine room . they be follow by a scream of pain . miss mack shake she head and mutter . miss mack weakle . denton ( cheerfully ) do that mean they be finish ? be it almost my turn ? miss mack keep you pants on . a teenaged girl emerge from the examine room . her mouth be encumber by a grotesquely exaggerated ver - sion of a night - retainer so large , heavy , and rusted , the girl can barely hold she head up . her mother , deeply shake by the dentistry she have just witness , mumble to herself in shock . mother the Lord be my shepherd , I shall not want ... Denton approach the teenager . denton what do he do ? tell I everything ! teenager {unable to make she - self understand through the metal in she mouth ) argfluuggggshjenkrenh ! the mother and daughter exit . Denton sit down . miss mack glance at the clock and start to pack it in for the evening . ( continued ) 59 60 58. continued : 59 orin enter wear a leather apron . he smile madly ; he eye be glaze . orin next ! Denton spring to he foot . denton that 's nme ! Arthur Denton ! I be next ! : orin ( askance at the enthusiasm ) do that have a appointment ? miss mack ask it . I be off duty . she leave . Denton chatter away excitedly as he and orin head for the office . denton you know , I have be save up all month for this . I be sure I need a root canal . I be sure I need a very long , slow , root canal . orin we will see . denton I have a history of dental illness . orin . shut up ! denton yes , sir ! int . orin' office 60 orin , take a hit from he small nitrous oxide vial , come toward Denton brandish a drill . denton yes ! yes ! that 's it ! show it to I first ! show it to I first ! orin start into he mouth . 61 62 59 . int . reception room 61 seymour open the door and look around . nobody there . be enter and sit . he be extremely nervous as he put he hand in he pocket and pull out a gun . he look at it and put it back quickly as , from the inner of - fice , he hear Denton 's cry of pleasure surfacing over the SOUND of drilling . : denton ( 0.s. ) that be terrific ! more ! louder drilling 0.s. denton ( 0.s. ) ( cont . ) do not stop ! oh , God , do not stop now ! seymour wince . int . office . 62 Denton be in a frenzy . orin , have pause in he work for a moment , stare at he in disbelief . denton more ! yes ! yes ! yes ! I want it ! now ! now ! now ! yes ! ( then quietly ) what 's wrong ? orin ( under he breath ) get out . denton aw , come on , doc. orin I say , get out ! Denton come run out of the office , orin follow close behind , carry he drill . orin , ( cont . ) goddamn sicko ! move it ! Denton be out the door in a flash . orin , frenzied , whirl on seymour , catch he off guard . : orin ( cont . ) lemme ask you something . ( brandish drill ) do this scare you ? ( continued ) 62 63 60 . continued : 62 seymour yeah . orin would you like it if I take this thing and make straight for you goddamn incisor ?! seymour no ! orin it would hurt , right ? seymour right ! orin you would scream , right ? seymour right ! orin then get you ass in here ! seymour what ?! before seymour can do anything , orin have start haul - ing he into the office . int . office 63 seymour struggle , but orin easily strap he into the chair and shine the light right in seymour 's eye . orin ( as he strap he in ) do not I know you ? seymour seymour krelborn , we meet yester ... orin force seymour 's mouth wide open and look in gleefully . orin oo , you mouth 's a mess , kid . let 's start with that wisdom tooth ! orin get he plier . ( continued ) 63 61 . continued : . 63 seymour no ! orin we will just rip the little bugger right outa there , whatdya say ? seymour let I go ! orin turn to seymour , suddenly smile . orin there 's always time for dental hygiene , seymour . you ever see the result of a neglect mouth ? look , seymour ! with a flick of he finger , orin turn on a light box , similar to that use to read x-ray . this one , how - ever , display a enormous color slide of a disgusting , rotted , decaye , salivate dog 's mouth . , orin ( cont . ) this could happen to you ! seymour be about to be ill . orin ( cont . ) unless I take immediate action . orin grab he WWII field drill and start to pump the Grill 's pedal . it make a high - pitch , horrible SOUND . seymour what 's that ? orin that 's the drill , seymour . seymour it 's rusty ! orin it 's a antique ! ( fondly ) they do not make instrument like this any more . sturdy , heavy , dull . this be gonna be a pleasure . he be about to drill seymour when he get a idea and stop abruptly . ( continued ) 63 62 . continued : ( 2 ) 63 orin ( cont . ) I be gonna want some gas for this one . seymour Gas ? orin nitrous oxide . seymour oh , thank God . I think you be not go to use any . orin oh , the gas be not for you , seymour . it 's for I . I wanna really enjoy this . in fact , I be gonna use my special gas mask . as orin speak , he open the cabinet and pull out a elaborate mask . he strap it on around he neck . he be preoccupy enough not to notice ... '' seymour loosen he wrist restraint . orin ( cont . ) I find that a little giggle gas before we begin increase my pleasure enormously . the mask in place now , orin turn the knob on the wall all the way up to full . ~ orin ( cont . ) here we go ! hissing sound . orin immediately begin to get high and giggle . he be laugh so hard now , he have to hold onto a countertop for support . this turn he back toward seymour . orin ( cont . ) oh boy , seymour , I be flyin ' now . oh , the thing we be gonna do to you mouth ! heeeeyaaaahahahahaha ! orin try to regain composure and straighten up . orin ( cont . ) ney okay , okay , okay . work to oe : ( more ) ( continued ) 63 63. continued : ( 3 ) 63 orin ( cont . ) ( more laughter ) time to work . ( more laughter ) okay , okay , straighten up and ... he somehow manage to pull himself to a upright posi - tion and turn around . suddenly , he expression be one of shock as he see ... seymour , stand in the doorway , point a gun at he . orin ( cont . ) what the hell be that ? seymour close he eye and clenches he tooth , try to make himself shoot . orin ( cont . ) a gun . ( explode with laughter , then talk through it with difficulty ) the kid 's get a goddamn revolver ! ( more laughter ) Jesus , I be in trouble , huh ? he giggle hysterically as he turn the gas knob . it come off in he hand . the hissing SOUND continue . this strike he funny . orin ( cont . ) uh oh ... laugh . seymour keep the gun point , try to force himself to actually pull the trigger . orin make a attempt to get the mask off , but he can barely get he arm up to he head . he 's too weak from the gas and the laughter . orin ( cont . ) oh boy ... uh ... uh ... seymour , give I a hand , would ya ? er... no , I guess you would not . he laugh . he try to pull the hose out of the wall . the entire gas apparatus come with it , send orin crash to the floor . the hissing continue . ( continued ) 63 64 64 , continued : ( 4 ) 63 orin find this hilarious . he 's on the floor laugh like a imbecile , wheeze , and desperately try to eatch he breath . he try to get to he foot . he can not . he struggle to speak : orin ( cont . ) the point be , seymour , I could asphyx ... asphyx ... asphyx ... ‘( a real scream ) help I !!! seymour just stand there watch , gun still point . orin ( cont . ) ( a beat , then weakly ) what would I ever do to you ? seymour nothin ' ( beat ; then quietly ) it 's what you do to she . orin stare seymour in the face . ' orin her who ? beat . he get it . we see it in he eye . he know why seymour have come . orin ( cont . ) oh. ( beat ) her . orin lose consciousness . his head , still encase in the mask , hit the floor with a thud . he 's dead . seymour slowly lower the unused gun to he side . music : sturm and drang . a full orchestral " Little shop " in a minor key . ext . a dark alley - night 64 seymour be slowly and laboriously drag a very large and heavy white bag . 65 66 67 68 69 65 . ext . a STREET corner - night 65 seymour , emerge from a alley , check to see that no one be around and then cross the street , strain to drag the large white bag with he . int . the shop - night 66 seymour stand . before audrey two , the white bag at he foot . the plant , back - light , seem bigger than ever . seymour suddenly seem very small and insignificant . seymour turn to leave . audrey two chop it up . seymour stop in he track , appal . seymour what !!! audrey two feed I ! seymour ( defeat ) okay , okay . okay . ext . a dimly lit courtyard - behind the shop 67 sturm and drang music continue . seymour look around nervously , then drag the white bag out of the shop , into courtyard . int . the basement . 68 seymour rummages around in the tool cabinet until he find what he 's look for : a axe the very sight of it make he wince . but what must be do , must be do ... ext . courtyard 69 seymour enter with the axe , a bucket , and a pile of old newspaper . he start spread the papers out on the concrete . 70 71 72 73 74 66 . ext . the front of the shop 70 mushnik appear at the front door . the night gate be down and lock , of course . he fumble to find the correct key . he can not . he 's frustrated . . he start around through the alley to try the back door . ext . courtyard 71 seymour grit he tooth , close he eye , and raise the axe . angle - the courtyard wall seymour 's shadow . he bring the axe down . there 's a awful SOUND as it hit bottom . ext . shop back door 72 mushnik , fumble with another key , hear the SOUND . he turn . angle - the courtyard wall the shadow lower the axe again . that SOUND . ' closeup - mushnik his jaw drop . if this be 1925 , he hair would stand on end . the shadow continue its task . ext . the shop back door 73 mushnik , stunne and sicken , forget he business in the shop and turn . int . the shop 74 as music build to a thunderous climax , seymour be see , gingerly and with great distaste , lift bit of orin ( a arm with a studd leather wristband ; a head freeze in a stupid grin ) and dump they into the plant 's cavernous pod . eating sound and then -- the plant laugh -- a deep , echoing , frightening laugh - ter that reverberate as we : dissolve to : 75 76 77 67 . the basement - following morning . 75 sunlight stream through the basement window . seymour be asleep , but restless . the plant' laughter still echoe in he dream . he wake up as he become aware of a siren in the distance , draw closer . he get up and look through he window . ext . skid row - seymour' Pov . 76 a police car have pull up in front of audrey 's house . two officer , Frank and Joe , be talk to she . she look shocked by something they have say . seymour start to dress , frantically . ext . audrey' front stoop - morning 77 the officer climb into they car and pull away . audrey sit on the stoop , very upset . seymour wait until the police have pull away , then approach from across the street . audrey be about to ery and do not want he to see . she start away from he , move down the street . he follow . seymour audrey -- what do they say to you ? audrey who ? seymour the police . audrey oh , nothing . seymour audrey , talk to I . what would they say ? : she give in and stop . audrey it 's orin ... they say he 's disappear ! seymour the ... police tell you that ? ( continued ) 77 78 68. continued : 7 audrey they suspect foul play . seymour they do ? audrey he be -heavily in debt to certain rubber ' appliance firm . his receptionist ... this morning she find the place a shamble ... gas mask everywhere ... thing rip out of wall ... they think ... I can not even think about what they think . she start to cry and move away from he . she turn a corner and happen into -- ext . a picturesque alleyway 78 a jumble of fire escape fill the background . the very wall seem to be tinted lavender and blue -- a watercolor of urban architecture -- something out of West side Story . '' audrey , still cry , find a trash can and perches on it to sob . . seymour audrey ... audrey , please do not cry ... would it be ... s0 terrible ... if something have happen to he ? audrey ° seymour , what a thing to say ! seymour well , would it ? audrey ( after a beat and a sniffle : a confession ) it would not be terrible at all . it would be -- a miracle . not to mention all the money I would save on epsom salt and ace bandage . seymour see ? ( continued ) 78 69 . continued : 78 audrey but I would still feel guilty . I mean , if he meet with foul play or some terrible accident of some kind , it would partly be my fault , you see . ' Cause secretly ... I wish it . she fight back tear . seymour work up the nerve to sit beside she . after a beat , he speak very gently . seymour audrey , you should not waste one more minute worry about that creep . there 's a lot of guy would give anything to go out with you . Nice guy . audrey I do not deserve a nice guy , seymour . seymour that 's not true . she rise and move away . she could never say this to he face . audrey I deserve a creep like orin scrivello , d.d.s . you know where I meet he ? in the gutter . seymour the gutter ? audrey the gutter . it 's a nightspot . I use to work there . I would put on cheap and tasteless outfit ... not nice one like this . low and nasty apparel , and I would ... she break . she sit on a pile of crate , weep softly . music under : the intro to " suddenly seymour . " seymour come close and kneel beside she . seymour audrey , that 's all behind you now . you have get nothing to be ashamed of . ( more ) ( continued ) 78 70 . continued : ( 2 ) 78 seymour ( cont . ) you be a very nice person and I always know you be . underneath the bruise and the handcuffs , you know what I see ? a girl I respected . I still do . ( sung ) lift up you head wash off you mascara here ... take my kleenex , wipe that lipstick away show I you face clean as the mornin ' I know thing be bad but now they be okay . he rise and be suddenly frame against a yellow morn - ing sky , glimpse at the end of the alley . for a moment he 's Gary Cooper , John Glenn , Gordon maccrea . audrey look up at he in awe . seymour ( cont . ) suddenly , seymour be stand beside you you do not need no make - up do not have to pretend suddenly , seymour be here to provide you sweet understand seymour 's you friend . audrey do not sing back to he . she sing , instead , to God , she eye brim with tear . audrey nobody ever treated I kindly daddy leave early mama be poor . I would meet a man and I would follow he blindly he 's snap he finger I , I would say " sure " as a look of quasi-religious redemption spread across she masacacara-stain face : audrey ( cont . ) suddenly , seymour be stand beside I he do not give I order he do not condescend ( more ) ( continued ) 78 71 . continued : ( 3 ) 78 audrey ( cont . ) suddenly , seymour be here to provide I sweet understand seymour 's my friend . he move toward she . . seymour tell I this feelin ' last ' till forever tell I the bad time be clean wash away she move away from he , up onto a fire escape -- " to think . " audrey please understand that it 's still strange and frightenin ' for loser like I have be it 's so hard to say ... and she turn , all passionate commitment . now he 's on the ground and she 's on a fire escape . it 's the bal - cony scene . they reach for each other through the iron bar . . audrey ( cont . ) suddenly , seymour ! we pull back to see that Crystal , ronette and chiffon be lurking on another fire escape , across the alley , prepare to sing backup . seymour & girl suddenly , seymour ! audrey he purify I ! seymour & girl he purify you ! audrey suddenly , seymour ! seymour & girl suddenly , seymour ! audrey show I I can -- with one grand errol Flynn gesture , seymour pull he - self up and float ten foot high , up onto the fire escape beside she . ( continued ) 78 79 80 72 . continued : ( 4 ) 78 seymour yes , you can -- audrey learn how to all be more the girl that 's inside I ( you ) ! seymour with sweet understand -- audrey sweet understand -- seymour with sweet understand -- audrey . sweet understand all sweet understand ! seymour 's m you ) man ! and at the number 's close , they be lock in the quin - tessential love - duet pose : he arm around she from behind , face close together , eye glisten , and mouth open to hold the last note as tong as the ar- rangement demand . int . shop - morning 79 music : " suddenly seymour " playoff . seymour enter the shop . he be on cloud nine . he pass the plant as if in a trance . audrey two have practically double in bulk . the plant be glow with green good health and its vine be all over the shop . it 's even start to bud . it turn to see seymour go down to the basement . int . basement 80 seymour jump on he cot . from under he pillow he take out a photo of audrey . he look at it dreamily and be just about to kiss it when he be startle by ... musenik you love she madly , do not you , shmuck ? ( continued ) 73. continued : 80 seymour turn around to see mushnik stand in the snadow . . seymour Mr. mushnik -- you scare I . musenik I scared he . after what I have see , I scared he . hmph . you think I do not know ? I know . I know you lay down here on you pathetic cot and dream about she . but I do not know the length to which you would go , the depth to which you would sink ... seymour what depth ? what sink ? what be you talk about ? music in : " '' suppertime intro , " a tension - produce " tubular bell " = - style vamp . mushnik ( point up to the shop ) Little red dot all over the linoleum ... seymour , who have no idea they be there , lose he breath . mushnik ( cont . ) Little red spot on the concrete outside !! I be talk blood , krelborn ! I be talk under my own roof ... mushnik be now at the tool cabinet . he open it and grab the axe ... mushnik ( cont . ) «+ . a axe murderer ! music : a big chord . seymour 's face fall . closeup of seymour as audrey two be hear in echo . audrey two ( v.0o . ) ( sing in echo ) he 's get you number now , mushnir I see everything . ( continued ) 80 81 74 , continued : ( 2 ) 80 audrey two ( v.o. ) he know just what you do . mushnik everything you ... ugh ... do to she boyfriend . / audrey two ( v.0 . ) you get no place to hide . seymour clamp he hand over he ear so as not to hear the demon Plant . mushnik think seymour do not want to hear he so he keep go with more intensity ... mushnik I see you ... chopping . audrey two ( v.0 . ) you get nowhere to run . seymour it 's true ! I chop he up . but I do not kill he ! audrey two ( v.0 . ) he know you life of crime . mushnik produce a gun and train it on seymour to hold . he back . mushnik tell it to the police ! int . shop gl we now see the plant be sing . audrey two I think it 's suppertime !! we intercut between the shop , where the plant keep sing , and the basement , where mushnik be hold the gun on seymour . mushnik back seymour up the stair as we be aware that seymour be struggle to come up with a decent way out . must there be more bloodsh ? audrey two come on , come on National geographic ! ( more ) ( continued ) 81 82 75 . continued : 81 audrey two ( cont . ) come on , come on you future with audrey come on , come on , ai not no time to turn squeamish come on , come on I swear on all they spore , when he 's go the world will be yours ! , int . the shop . 82 the door from the basement open . the plant be im - mobile . seymour walk into the room as mushnik , gun in hand , follow . Crystal , ronette and chiffon be lurking in the shadow outside the shop window . girl ( sing softly , seductively ) come on ... come on ... come on ... come on ... mushnik walk seymour to the front door . he stop . vamp continue under as he speak . musenik krelborn , I just want to say it kill I to have to do this . CUT to the Girls outside in the shadow . girl ( sing ) it 's suppertime . ~cut to mushnik . musenik consider the fact you be something of a idiot , and the man you hack to piece be not such a paragon himself ... : you could get off in thirty , forty year . CUT to the Girls whom we still see outside through the window . girl ( sing ) come on ... come on ... ( continued ) 82 76 . continued : 82 CUT to mushnik . mushnik and it , would be a shame , all thing consider that you ... life 's work should not be here wait for you . CUT to the Girls who be now inside the shop sit on the counter . girl ( sing ) " come on ... come on ... CUT to mushnik . mushnik so ... if you want I to ... take care of this plant of yours ... I assume you fertilize ... CUT to the Girls who be now stand right next to seymour . girl ( sing ) come on ... come on ... seymour she ... need ... to be feed , sir . the plant rustle its leave in anticipation . musenik fed ? CUT to the Girls who , still inside the shop , be in front of the display window . a couple of filthy bum be outside leer through the window just behind the girl . girl ( sing with more insistence now ) come on ... come on ... seymour just ... potash ... you know ... the usual mineral and all . musenik of course . ( continued ) 82 77 . continued : ( 2 ) 82 as seymour speak he casually back mushnik towards the Plant . seymour and on thursdays you give it wate .... CUT to the Girls who be now grin behind the plant . girl ( sing with dark intensity ) come on ... come on ... CUT to the bum who be grin menacingly through the window . cuT to seymour . seymour '' + . of course you have to clean the leave . mushnik yes ... seymour but most importantly , whatever you do ... mushnik yes ... cur to the Girls . girl ( sing ... almost hiss ) come on ... come on ... CUT to seymour . " seymour 's - whatever you do ... just be sure ... by now we see the plant have open its vast , cavernous mouth and be wait ... CUT to the bum outside leer . CuT to mushnik . musenik yes ?... yes ?... ( continued ) 82 78. continued : ( 3 ) 82 CUT to the Girls . they do not sing . they be grin , look , concentrate intently ... musenik ( cont . ) yes ?... yes ?? all of a sudden mushnik fall back and inside the open maw of the plant . girl ( sing brightly ) ».. it 's suppertime ! seymour turn he back . he can not watch what he know will come next . with the force of a hungry shark , the jaw slam shut on mushnik . crunching sound , punctuate by musical chord , mingle with the old man 's scream . . mushenik krelborn ! crunch ; chord . mushnik ( cont . ) no ! crunch ; chord . mushnik ( cont . ) aaaaaaaggggghhhhh ! the girl be now outside the shop and they softly retreat back into the shadow . the two bum cackle loudly at what they have see and run away . music make a direct segue from " eat of mushnik " underscore to the cello- flavor " meek shall inherit " vamp . voice ( 0.s. ) seymour krelborn ... startle , seymour turn to see a slick , grin talent agent who have enter the shop . agent it 's so nice to meet you I be from William Morris . the pleasure be yours . you do not answer call so I come down in person we be die to book you on lecture tour . ( continued ) 82 83 84 79 , continued : ( 4 ) , 82 he extend a contract to seymour who just stand there in closeup -- throw . woman' voice ( 0.s. ) yes , darling , we be send photographer Thursday . camera pull back . from seymour and we see that we be in ... int . russian tea room -style restaurant 83 seymour sit in a booth with a aging but glamorous blonde lady from life magazine and she creepy , leer male assistant . they be finish a very lavish lunch . seymour have caviar stain on he collar . blonde lady so get the plant ready and wear a clean shirt . just sign this release . she produce a contract . . creepy leering assistant need a pen ? blonde lady : be not you thrilled ? it 's the cover of life Magazine ! as if to bribe he , the Assistant push a enormous serve of something rich , cream -cover , and cherry - top in front of seymour . creepy leering assistant dessert ? we be close to seymour 's daze expression . voice ( 0.s. ) I be tell you son , it 's a cinch to get rating . and camera pull back to reveal that we be now in ... int . a television studio control room 84 bank of television monitor be in the background . the same image be on each monitor : a smile photo of seymour with audrey two in front of a logo . ( continued ) 84 85 86 80 . continued : 84 the word on the logo read ... '' seymour krelborn 's garden tip . " a tv executive , writer and flunky be sit with seymour . tv executive '' he title be marvin' . : writer the concept be mine . the flunky produce a contract and pen and urge they on seymour . flunky the first weekly gardening show on we network ! tv executive and you be gonna host it , you lucky kid . '' executive , writer and flunky sign ! CUT to : int . typing pool - day 85 we be close in on two tall impressive look mahogany door . the door swing open . camera pull back as we see two man , one hold a contract , the other smoking a cigar and with he arm around seymour . they walk past camera and we hold on Crystal , ronette , and chiffon in the foreground . they be each sit at a desk in front of typewriter . in the background be about ten woman also at desk with typewriter . they type and bounce in time to the music as the girl sing . girl they say the meek shall inherit you know the Book do not lie it 's not a question of merit it 's not demand and supply cur to : int . limousine - night 86 closeup of a chauffeur drive the car . he be bop to the music and smile broadly into camera as we hear the girl singing in voice over . ( continued ) 86 87 88 gl . continued : 86 girl ( v.0 . ) they say the meek gonna get it and you a meek little guy camera push past he toward the back of the limo . we see that it be a exaggerated " stretch " limo ... about fifty foot long . over this the girl sing ... girl ( v.o. ) ( cont . ) you know the meek be gonna get what 's comin ' to them by and by ... camera push forward to see seymour sit in the back seat flanke by two man urging he to sign a con - tract . a buxom woman sit on seymour 's lap offer he champagne . seymour look very confuse . as camera close in on the group , one of they let money fall onto seymour 's lap as we ... dissolve to : limbo 87 '' \... money fall in slow motion in front of seymour 's face as seymour 's unconscious sing in v.0o . seymour ( v.o . ) my future 's start I have get to let it stick with that plant , and gee , my bank account will thrive the green , slow fall money have turn into green , thick , undulate plant vine . seymour now struggle to disentangle himself from they . seymour ( v.o. ) ( cont . ) what be I say no way , forget it it 's much too dangerous to keep that plant alive . he finally frees himself and run as we ... CUT to : limbo 88 a long , seemingly endless tunnel . ( continued ) 88 89 90 82 . continued : 88 through its wall poke dozen upon dozen of hand and vine hold pen and contract and money and liquor bottle and car key and , bras and panty ... all beckone seymour as he race past they try to escape . seymour ( v.o. ) I take this offer that mean more kill who know success would come with messy , nasty string . CUT to : limbo 89 a dirt floor . a hour glass sit on a short ionic column . the sand in the top of the hour glass be green , but as it fall and collect on the bottom it become red . tormented and panicky , seymour race in from camera and run into the distance . he be nude , except for he glass and he cap . seymour ( v.0o . ) I sign this contract , that mean I be willing to keep on do bloody , awful , evil thing CUT to : limbo 90 all be dark . we follow seymour who be perspire heavily and run with all he 's get . suddenly he stop because in front of he be a very large hand - tinted photo portrait of a jaunty , smile mushnik . blood ooze down from the top of the photo . seymour ( v.0 . ) no ! no ! there 's only so far you can bend ! seymour whip around to camera and we see that he be now a plant . he be green , with plant marking . vine be where he arm should be . of course he still wear he glass and cap as we pull back and see that he be bury ass-high in a terra-cotta pot . seymour ( v.0o . ) ( cont . ) no ! no ! this nightmare must come to a end ! 91 92 83 . int . basement - extreme closeup - night 91 of seymour 's face as he violently sit up from he cot ... perspiration drip from he . seymour cur to : seymour , in he pajamas , at the tool chest . he grab the axe . seymour ( cont . ) you have get no alternative , seymour old boy . CUT to : seymour now at the stair lead to the shop . half craze , he climb they as he sing ... seymour ( cont . ) though it mean you will be break again and unemployed , it 's the only solution - it can not be avoid -- the vegetable must be destroy . he have reach the top of the stair . he fling open the door . as it swing open he see audrey 's smock hang from it . seymour 's expression soften . forlorn and heartsick he turn away and with a tear in he eye sing ... seymour ( cont . ) but then ... there 's audrey . Lovely audrey ... dissolve to : limbo : 92 a promontory on top of which audrey stand . she look like a goddess . she wear a flow dress and wrap around she neck be a very , very long diaphanous scarf that extend behind she about fifty foot blow by a strong wind . seymour ( v.0o . ) if life be tawdry and impoverish as before she might not like I she might not want I ( continued ) 92 84 . continued : 92 camera have pulled back to a wide shot . we see seymour stand off at a distance and look up at she with he arm outstretch . he be gene Kelly , and she , Cyd charisse . she run down and towards he through the dense dry ice smoke lap at she foot . seymour ( v.o. ) ( cont . ) without my plant ... on the word " plant , " audrey run past seymour 's wait arm and fall into the wait vine of audrey two who have be just 0.s . seymour ( v.0o . ) ( cont . ) she might not love I any more CUT to a closeup of seymour . he look up at someone in soft , sad resignation . camera begins to pull back and up . girl ( v.0 . ) they say the meek shall inherit . camera pull back and high make seymour - look very small . he now stand on a very large contract which cover the entire floor . a hand extend , from camera , toward seymour . the hand hold a contract . seymour where do I sign ? girl ( v.0 . ) you know the book do not lie . the hand , and arm , have extend about fifteen foot from camera to seymour . the arm be the agent 's , whose face appear in the extreme foreground . agent right on the line . girl ( v.0 . ) it 's not a question of merit . CUT to a medium shot of seymour . he turn around as , behind he , the blonde Lady float in horizontally like chagall 's lover . she , too , hold a contract . blonde lady you pen or mine ? ( continued ) 92 93 94 85 . continued : ( 2 ) . 92 girl ( v.0o . ) it 's not demand or supply . seymour turn around completely now as a man rise from below like a phantom , right in front of seymour . he hold a pen and contract . : man 1 paragraph nine . seymour sign the contract . girl ( v.0 . ) you will make a fortune , we swear it . the tv executive pop up from behind seymour and grab the sign contract . tv executive this copy 's mine . girl ( v.0 . ) if on this fact you rely all bye bye . so long ! limbo : 93 extreme closeup of a flashbulb pop . closeup of seymour . he be be besiege by autograph hound . more flashbulb pop . each flash be like a rifle shot to seymour . he try to escape , but the crowd hem he in . it be nightmarish . girl ( v.0 . ) you know the meek be gonna get what 's comin ' to ‘em you know the meek be gonna get what 's comin ' to them you know the meek be gonna get what 's comin ' to ‘em . we see that seymour and the crowd be actually in front of the shop . ext . shop - late afternoon 94 seymour try to push through the throng . ( continued ) 94 95 86 . continued : 94 girl - ( they be in the crowd now ) bye ... and ... bye ... : seymour please ! please ! let I through . security man hey , get back . they be filming . Security man push he back , knock seymour into a surly wino . wino hey , watch where you be goin' . a scuffle ensue in which seymour be punch and man - handle by winos and Security . int . the shop - late afternoon 95 a camera crew and tv chorus be in the midst of filming a spot for " Del monte present audrey two in a salute to vegetable . " audrey stand to one side watch delightedly . singers and dancers be do something silly and Dallas cowboy cheerleaderish in front of the Plant . it 's bigger than ever and have be decorate with red , white and blue bunt . singers & dancers who 's the best , the beautiful green one ? who? audrey two !! who 's a Star if ever I have see one ? who ? audrey two !! look at they ! that leave ! ~ that stem ! she put the rest to root ! yes , who make photosynthesis seem cute ? we au-drey ! au ... au ... aud ... ! suddenly , right as the singer and dancer start to go into a dance break , the Plant collapse . ( continued ) 95 87 . continued : 95 the vine will , the leave sag , and the pod sink to the floor . gasp . a moment of chaos . director cut ! what the hell 's goin ' on ? what happen to the goddamn greenery ? the director see . seymour stumble in the front door . he do not seem to notice that seymour be bruise and dishevel from the fight outside . seymour ( distraught ) it just ... need to be feed . director so feed it ! seymour ( become more agitate ) I can not , not now ! director then I will feed it . where do you ~ keep the plant food ? seymour ( explode ) it do not eat plant food and I can not feed it now ! just leave I alone , will ya ? all of you ! why will not you all leave I a ... ! audrey seymour ! ( she slap he daintily ) you be hysterical . they be only try to help . seymour ( come to he sense a bit ) I know ... I know ... I be sorry ... seymour run to the back door . audrey follow he . director okay ... okay , guy , pack it up . 96 88. ext . the courtyard 96 the sun be just beginning to set . audrey discover seymour sit on a trash heap , face in hand . she move to he . seymour ( sof '. " - , to himself ) what be I gonna do ? what be I gonna do ? audrey it 's wilted before and you have always bring it back to life , somehow . ( beat ) seymour , I think run this place all by yourself be too much for you . when do Mr. mushnik say he would be back ? seymour huh ? audrey you know , in that note you tell I he leave you . the one that say he be goin ' out to he sister 's house in ... seymour Czechoslovakia . he could be go avery long time . ( beat ) audrey -- could I ask you something ? : audrey anything . seymour just suppose there would never be a audrey two and I be just a nothing again , a nobody ... ( he pause , afraid to ask ) would you still like I ? audrey I would still love you , seymour . he look at she for a moment , then pull she to he . music : " suddenly . , seymour " play under dialogue . guietly and gently . ( continued ) 96 89 , continued : 96 seymour then marry I , audrey . I will take you to that little development you have always dream about and once we be there it will be happy ever after , I promise . Nice little house ... nice little car ... and no-plant . no plant at all ...: we will go to Alaska ! audrey they say it 's pretty there . seymour then will you ? will you marry I ? audrey ( a beat then shyly ) sure . seymour you will ? audrey sure ! seymour tonight ? audrey ( tickle ) aw , sure ! seymour I will pick you up in a hour and we will go to City Hall ! ( sing ) suddenly , seymour be stand beside you ... audrey ( sing ) suddenly , seymour show I I can ... ( suddenly , speak ) seymour , we better stop sing . I have gotta get ready ! as music swell , audrey , the happiest girl in the world , fly out of the courtyard , turn back only once to blow seymour a kiss . he watch she go , then close he eye , wishing with all he might that every - thing will turn out . 96 a 90 . int . the shop 96 a it 's desert now . outside , the sun sink lower . the plant be still wilted and lifeless . seymour stand look at it in silence for a moment , then very quietly try to sneak past it . but just as he get to the door , a spooky , hoarse whisper stop . he dead in he track . i audrey two feed I ! seymour under no circumstance . audrey two feed I ! seymour I will not so stop ask . audrey two feed I ! seymour no . no more . I can not take live with the guilt . . audrey two tough titty . seymour watch you language . audrey two awwh . cut the crap and bring on the meat ! seymour okay ... okay ... I will bring you meat . I will run down to the corner and I will pick you up some ground round , how ' bout that ? audrey two do not do I no favor . seymour look , it 's my last offer . yes or no ? audrey two . ( beat ) you sure do drive a hard bargain . seymour done . fine. great . and do not think you be get dessert . 97 98 99 91 . ext . skid row = evening 97 as the sun slip further down , winos gather and light fire . seymour walk down the street and disappear . int . the shop - evfn " no 98 audrey two emit a quiet , satisfied laugh . it wait a beat and then slither one of its vine toward the shop 's counter . the vine crawl up the side of the counter . when it reach the top the vine go to the cash register . it push down a key and , with its customary ring , the cash register drawer open . the vine poke through the drawer and take out a nickel . it then slink back down to the floor , go to the wall , and crawl up to the pay telephone . another vine lift up the receiver as the nickel be deposit . the receiver be bring up to the pod where , if the pod have a ear , its ear would be . the vine dial a number and then tap the side of the phone patiently as the Plant hum wait for the phone to be answer . we hear the ring filter through the be - ceiver . . int . audrey' bedroom . 99 her phone be ringing . guess who ? audrey sit at she dress table . some cheap luggage and a vanity case be on the bed . she be wear a white dress and be brush she hair . she have not tease it yet so it fall naturally and softly to she shoulder . it give she the appearance of a heroine in a gothic romance . she pick up the receiver . audrey hello . audrey two be hear filter through the receiver . the Plant breathes heavily and obscenely , then ... audrey two ( sung ) . hey , little lady , hello ! audrey who ... who be this ? ( continued ) 99 100 101 102 92 . continued : 99 audrey two ( sung ) you be lookin ' cute as can be ! audrey ( smile ... she think it 's a joke ) be this someone I know ? audrey two ( sung ) . you be lookin ' mighty sweet . audrey ( smile affectionately -- she 's sure she know who it be now ) seymour . audrey two ( sung ) no , it be not seymour , it 's I ! audrey happen to turn around and look through she window . : ext . the shop - audrey' Pov 100 it be the last blaze of sunset . across the street , through the shop 's window , she see the Plant ... totally alive now . its vine writhe like a Medusa , its leave flap like great palmetto fan , its pod grow to mammoth proportion . it emit a unearthly green glow that spill from the shop onto the street . audrey ( v.0 . ) oh my God ! int . audrey' apartment 1o1 audrey be not there . all we see be the receiver dangl - ing toward the floor . we hear a o.s. door slam and the SOUND of feet running . int . the shop 102 the vine replace the receiver as another vine pull down the little coin return slow . no nickel . it bang on the side of the phone . still no luck . what the hell . ( continued ) 102 93. continued : 102 audrey have just open the front door and she stand and stare in amazement . audrey ( under she breath ) I do not believe it . . audrey two believe it , baby . audrey be I dream this ? , audrey two no , and you be not in Kansas , neither . ( beat ) I need I some water in the worst way . look at my branch , I be drying up . ( sung ) come on and give I a drink . audrey ( speak ) I do not know if I should . audrey two ( sung ) hey , little lady , be nice . audrey ( speak ) do you talk to seymour like this ? audrey two ( speak ) sure do ! ( sung ) I will drink it straight ! do not need no glass and no ice ! do not need no twist of lime ! audrey ( speak ) all right ... I will get the can . she move into the shop , cower along the wall , just into range of the large tendril 's grasp . in a flash , it wrap around she like a boa constrictor . audrey two ( cont . ) ( speak ) and _ now it 's suppertime ! ( continued ) 102 103 | 94 . continued : ( 2 ) 102 audrey scream and struggle . the tendril start pull - ing she toward the gape pod . audrey fight for all she 's worth , but the vine en- snare and attack she from all side . she 's be pull ..: xorably toward the pod . audrey two ( cont . ) relax , doll and it will be easier . come join you dentist friend and mushnik ... audrey scream . audrey two ( cont . ) they be right inside ! and with one great heave , the vine pull she into the pod itself . the jaw clamp down . she scream again . the shop door fly open . seymour rush in and begin pry at the pod with all he might . seymour get off of she ! get off of she ! he finally succeed in get the pod open just enough to pull she out . she be alive , but just barely . her dress be tastefully stain with just a bit of red . he drag she out of the shop , kick the fight vine and branch out of he way as he go , until he get she beyond they reach and through the door . ext . skid row 103 it be night now . the golden glow of a street lamp flood lyrically down on they , as seymour lower the die audrey to the moonlight pavement , and cradle she in he arm . music come in softly under . seymour do not die , audrey . please , please do not die . audrey ( innocently , weakly ) you know , the plant just say the strangest thing just now ... it say that orin and Mr. mushnik be already inside . ( continued ) 103 continued : audrey be 95 . 103 seymour ( the ultimate confession ) : it 's true . I do it . I feed they to it . audrey -( sweetly ) and that 's what make it so big and strong and you so famous ? seymour ( he hate himself ) I have do terrible thing , but not to you , never to you . audrey but ... ( a idea dawns ) I want you to , seymour . seymour what ? audrey ( tenderly ) when I die , which should be very shortly , give I to the plant so it can live to bring you all the wonderful thing you deserve . seymour you do not know what you be say -- transfigure , she 's Joan of Arc , Little Eva , Melanie wilk -- go out in a blaze of angelic self - lessness . audrey but I do . it 's the one gift I can give you . and if I be in the plant , then I be part of the plant . so , in a way ... we will always be ... together . : ( sung quietly , with she die breath ) you will wash my tender leave you will smell my sweet perfume you will water I and care for I you will see I bud and bloom . I be feel strangely happy now , contented and serene . oh , do not you see ... ( more ) ( continued ) 103 - 104 105 106 96 . continued : ( 2 ) 103 audrey ( cont . ) finally I will be ... somewhere that 's ... ( she reach toward the vision ) Green ! and she collapse . there , in the moonlight , under a street lamp , she : die in he arm . music : " the death of audrey , " a chorale with angelic voice and string orchestra , underscore as seymour lift he love from the ground . behind he , through the shop window , we can see the pod open ceremoniously . angle -- seymour hold audrey , pod in b.g. the pod emit beam of light now , plunging seymour and he dead love into dramatic silhouette . he carry she slowly toward the source of light . int . the shop 104 the mood be one of wagnerian splendor . it 's gotter - dammerung , as seymour ritualistically fulfill audrey 's die wish and place she gently , tenderly , into the light - fill pod . he kneel , tear stream down he cheek , to see the act to completion . audrey slowly begin to slip further and further away from we , into the light beam from the plant 's " throat . " at last , she 's go . seymour rise , destroy , and run from the shop -- out onto the street . ext . skid row 105 seymour find the first fire escape he can and climb it . ext . rooftop 106 music : the last note of the " death of audrey " chorale trail off , give way to traffic sound , as seymour reach the top of the building , stumble to the edge , and look down . angle - the strer ? - seymour' Pov . _ it spin below he , of course . T. rooftop . sevmour take a deep breath and prepare to jump ... when he hear a voice that stop he . voice ( 0.c. ) Mr. krelborn ... Mr. krelborn ... seymour turn to see -: patrick martin , a midwestern businessman in a green suit . we will never know how he get there . martin Patrick Martin . I be in license and Marketing . I wanna show you something . seymour turn away and prepare once more to jump . seymour I be not interested . martin aah , but you will be . look ... as martin speak he carefully take something out of he ~ briefcase . martin . .eeel take the liberty of take a cut from that amazing plant of yours and see what it grow in just a couple of day ... martin have take out a tiny audrey two ... about a few inch tall but look exactly like the real audrey two . it sit in a delightful , well design container on which be write the word : " audrey two " . seymour , surprised and uncomprehend , just stare at it . martin the design boy make the little pot . cute , huh ? get the idea ? my firm be willing to pay you a reasonable amount to take leaf cutting ... develop little audrey two 's ... and sell they to florist shop -- supermarket across the nation . why pretty soon every household in America could have one . this last word echo in seymour 's confuse and frazzle mind . echo fave one ... have one ..- have one ..- have one ... seymour shake '' he head to banish the echo . something begin to dawn on he . martin imagine it boy . we will make a fortune ! audrey twos everywhere ! echo everywhere ...everywhere ... everywhere . oe everywhere .... martin this , thing could be bigger than hula hoops ! - echo hula hoop ... hula hoop ... hula hoop ... +... martin : oo whattya say Mr. krelborn ? '' Martin be 'give he best salesman 's smile , he eye fix on seymour , wait for a answer . seymour look atthe tiny plant as , unseen by Martin , it subtly turn and open ité tiny mouth at seymour in an’ almost malicious , silent smile . seymour be suddenly possess of complete understanding . his face become a mask of rage and resolve . without another word he race down the fire escape . martin ( shout ) . . Mr. krelbornt Mr. krelbornt hey ! we do not have to deal with you , you know ! a goddamn vegetable 's public domaint you ask we lawyer ! int . the shop . sevmour burst through the door and face the plant , which be even bigger , stronger , and healthier now . it dwarf he completely . seymour every household in americal that 's what you have in mind all along , be not it ? audrey two ( its voice now a unearthly rumble ) no shit , sherlock . 110 continued : 99 . 110 seymour we be not talk about one hungry plant here ! we be talk about ... World conquest ! . audrey 1wo you get it ! seymour you eat the only thing I ever love ! ! the plant , laugh , draw itself up to its full height and begin to sing from old - fashioned rock and Roll . take out audrey two I use to hear the people talk about that old King Kong . they use to say he be the meanest , but they folk be wrong . he climb the Empire State . ( the building be not that big ) shoot , I could climb in half the time , but climbin ' be not my gig . I be just bad ! I be real bad ! I be bad ! seymour be at the counter . he open the drawer and the gun and load it with bullet . audrey two ( cont . ) you know godzilla be a monster , he be mighty mean . now , even I have to respect he , '' Cause the boy be green . but when he say to I '' hey , audrey , you be not all that tough , " I have to show that leapin ' lizard I be tough enough ! seymour aim and fire at the plant . audrey two ( cont . ) he say " gad ! " he fire again . audrey two ( cont . ) " do not get mad ! " and again . ( continued ) 100 . 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 audrey two ( cont . ) " Boy you be bad ! " the bullet just bounce off . seymour run down to the basement . audrey two ( cont . ) that 's . right , I be bad ! backup voice ( v.o . ) bad ! audrey two bad ! backup voice ( v.o. ) bad ! audrey two so I be not worried ' bout you biggest gun I be just too bad ! seymour return from the basement with the axe . he try chopping the vine . every time he swing , the vine move and he miss ... and he smashes a piece of the shop . backup ( v.0 . ) bad ! audrey two bad ! backup ( v.0 . ) bad ! audrey two I be ten foot tall and weight at least two ton : I be extra bad ! audrey two 's littler pod sing backup as the big one sing lead . little pod bad ! audrey two bad ! little pod bad ! ( continued ) 110 101 . continued : ( 3 ) 110 seymour try to get the little pod with the axe but they be too fast for he as he smashes the wall , the floor , the counter . audrey two go on and bitch and whine and wail and curse - too bad ! I be bad ! little pod bad ! audrey two bad ! little pod bad ! seymour 's have it . he just throw the axe at audrey two . the plant catch it and flip it from vine to vine . it give seymour a little juggling show . audrey two and if you mess with I , I will just get worse ! the plant heave the axe at seymour . seymour side - step it in the nick of time and it go crash through a window . seymour 's really angry . during the follow lyric he throw a chair at the plant . it catch the chair . he throw a small table at the plant . it catch the table . he throw a shovel . it catch the shovel . audrey two ( cont . ) one day I meet the bride of frankenstein , ( so much for she ) | just one encounter and she call I , " Mr. audrey , sir . " closeup of seymour grab the cash register to throw at the plant ... but it 's too heavy for he . but damn itl ... he 's not give up and ... yes he 's lift it ! but no . camera pull back and we see a vine wrap around it . it 's the plant who 's lift it up and out of seymour 's arm . audrey two ( cont . ) so it 's a cinch no puny baldy of a botanist be gonna be a half a match . for I when I get piss . you get it , dad ? ( continued ) 110 102 . continued : ( 4 ) 110 the plant be now hold and wave the chair , the shovel , and the table ... and the cash register . we see it take a mighty wind up , like it 's 3 and 2 , bottom of the ninth ... closeup of seymour . his marry h be open and he eye be bulg with fear . he duck . the item sail through the air and smash through mushnik 's large display window . seymour : gaze at the break shard and realize that instead of he try to kill the plant , sweet Jesus !... the plant be now try to kill he ! _ audrey two ( cont . ) you be have ! oh I be bad ! seymour try to get away , but each time he try , a vine hurtle past he and tear a hole in the wall , send off spark from severe electrical line , and spew water into the room from bust pipe . seymour go to the leave , a vine shoot out to the leave and smashes through the wall . seymour go to the right , a vine careen to the right smash through the wall . each vine be its own Bruce Lee . no fuckin ' around . the plant be serious ! audrey two ( cont . ) so come and get I , kid , I dare you . try and make you kill . I will make you sorry you be messin’ with my chlorophyll ! the plant rip the radiator out of the wall send a cloud of steam spew into the room . it pull the radiator apart like it be a toy accordion . audrey two ( cont . ) I hope you be gettin ' close to ready now to end this fuss this foolish effort to undo I be so te-di-ous . get a bit bored with it all , the plant fling its vine to the ceiling and hold on to the rafter . it raise its pot about five fee from the floor and bounce and swing as it sing ... audrey two ( cont . ) see , all you method be 50 corny , and so childish , and so undergrad . they just a exercise in stupid ! ( continued ) audrey two ( cont . ) ( sing ) why not face it seymour iam baa- a - aad audrey two go for the big finish : with a gargantuan yank of the rafter it create a avalanche of brick , wood , and plaster that rage down over the Plant and seymour . before the dust have even settle we hear the . Plant laugh triumphantly . ' the shop look like it have just survive the blitzkrieg . the wall be partially demolish , chunks of ceiling have cave in . on the other side of what use to be the shop , seymour , filthy , wounded , and exhaust , emerge from under a pile of rubble . daze , but sense he be still in danger , he quickly scramble , roll , fall , and crawl away from the shop and into the street out of reach of the mock Plant . breathe heavily and seemingly half - mad he take the heroic stature of a mad prophet or of Kevin mccarthy in invasion of the body snatcher as he shout ... seymour I will warn fem 's I will warn tem ! I '11 tell * they ' you be come ! the human race will not take this lie down ! and wherever . you kind grow ... whatever you try ..- we'll be waiting for you ! seymour turn and run push he way through a few bum that have be watch . seymour ( shout to the rooftop ) they be come ! they be come ! do not feed ‘em ! do not feed the plant ! do not feed the plant ! as seymour exit scream , we hear the rumbling , demonic laughter of the Plant in the distance . the bum too begin cackle until we be leave with the almost desert street echoing with dark , ominous laughter . limbo . american flag , '' music : a tense rhythm begin which grow into grand magisterial msic -- the intro to " subsequent to the event " . 6 a hure american flag fill the frame . 104 it be heavily back - light make it seem luminescent . it dwarf Crystal , ronette , and chiffon who be pose in silhouette in front of the flag . the girl ceremoniously begin walk to camera and as they get closer and closer crysta ) sing with Gospel fervor ... crystal subsequent to the event you have just witness similar event in city across America ... event which bore a strike resemblance to the one you have just see began occur ! int . garden shop . day . a ecu of the word " audrey two 's " fill the screen . camera pull back to see that this word be part of a sign : " yes ! we have audrey two 's on sale here ! " camera truck by a very long line of beam customer wait at the check - out counter each hold one or more tiny audrey two 's . ( exactly the same tiny audrey two 's that Patrick Martin have on the rooftop ) . in the background customer be besiege a clerk for more of that new , delightful audrey two 's in they cleverly design little container . dissolve to : int . sear basement . day . . . close-up of dozen of hand grasp for the tiny audrey two 's . a scream , push throng of people be mashed up against a counter behind which be hundred of audrey two 's . people be shove , scream , wave money as the sale people do they best to help . the frenzy be like that of cabbage patch doll , Pet rock , and hula hoops all roll into one . suddenly we see someone push he way through the crowd ... it be seymour . he be unshaven , dirty , with cut to : girl ( v.0 . ) ( sing ) subsequent to the event you have just witness unsuspect jerk from Maine to California make the acquaintance of a new breed of flytrap and get sweet - talk into feed it blood ! girl ( v.0. ' cont . ) ( sing ) thus the plant worked they terrible will find jerk who would feed they they fill and the plant proceeded to grow ... plood - shot eye ... as if he have not sleep for and grow . week . he jump on the counter - top ~ kick off the audrey two 's and scream . int . house . night . bedroom of a suburban home , a middle - age couple be lie in bed . all we ’see be they foot in the foreground . between the foot we see the t.v. on whict the tonight show star Jack paar ( or a very young johnny . carson ) . a news bulletin come on . a newscaster appear and in back of he flash the word " Cleveland " . then we see a live , on the spot reporter in front of a Cleveland building be destroy by a 15 foot . audrey two . people be scream and run away . destruction continue '' as the reporter be drag off by a'tentacle . ° then ... gn the " bedtoom : stiil ) after the’ lyric , " and where you -iive™ : 27 a° thick vine 's come smash down'on the t.v. itself explode it 's into smithereen . two. or three other vine smash : through the wall as even more vine lath out and wrap around the leg of . the people in bed and drag they away scream as plaster fell around . they . ext , los angele .° '' night . the large , famous Hollywood sign in the hill . the searchlight of a hover helicopter be aim at a huge audrey two as it destroy the sign .. throw the letter into the air ... leave the sign to just read : " Ho -- woo " while police fire gun and flare at the maraud plant . ext . new '' york . night . medium shot of the face of the statue of Liberty as we see green teritacle ooze from the inside of she crown and cover she eye like ~ Medusa 's snake . andther audrey two be at the end of she arm envelop the torch with it 's tentacles . on the ground be police search light and the National Guard fire wp at the plartes . the to ate 105 girl ‘( v.0. cont . ) ( sing ) and begin what they come here to do which be essentially to .. eat Cleveland ! and desmoinest , and peoriat and New York ! and where you live ! ' chorus .( v.0 . ) ( sing ) 's : . they may offer you fortune and fame . Love and money and stant acclaim '. but whatever they offer you :.. do n}t feed the plants} . they may offer you lot of cheap thrill Fancy condo . in beverly Hills but , whatever they offer you do not feed the plant } to look out ! . here come audrey twol look outl = ' audrey two here I come for you ! chorus ( v.0 . ) here I come for here I come for here I cone for yout 4 ext . new jersey . night . chorus ( v.0. cont . ) : ( sing ) in the background Manhattan be : on fire . in the foreground two or hold you hat three more audrey two 's be attack ... a mind boggle mass of leave , vine , . tendril , and root ... they be lumber and hang onto you soul ! towards the foreground . suddenly , from ° . thedistance , a tear , haggard figure come run to camera . crkzéd and totally '' something 's comint hysterical he run up into a extreme close -up ... he face fill the screen wr scream ... 1 , to eat the world whole ! oh seymour '' 2 6 ) : : they're . herett they " be heret if we fight it runt!t ! ; they 're herellt he 's turn and run to mid-background we have still get a chance ! scream , try to help the other fight the plant . as we see car overturn , . : break fire hydrant spew water , down put whatever they offer you ! electricaline crackle with spark , . police and National Guard soldier fire away , fire burn out of cdritrol in the though : they be sloppin ' the trou > distance . it be the end of civilization for you ! ° . as we know it . Men , woman and child ... include seymour ... run scream up to and past camera as the audrey two be : please whatever they offer you almost upon they and : we . advance menacingly , 's inexorably to camera and , open its . 's ' wide cavernous maw it seem to swallow the : - po not feed the plant ! cameraas it completely black out the screen . we be leave with the horrible sound of ° we ' cataclysmic destruction . do not feed the pla-ah-ant !! th ope ee the — — fade up : " the . " end " followed by -- " 2,7l2 " ont . : music . credit roll . Le ( after last credit ... in black ... as people be leave the theatre ... a very large , low rumbling laugh .. ) audrey two ( v.0. in black ) hahahahahahahahahaha!t! the geffen company present a frank oz film gene St , vy rick moranis ellen greene vincent gardenia with a special appearance by steve martin and with special Guest star jame belushi JOHN candy christopher guest bill murray directed by frank 02 produce by david geffen screenplay by howard ashman audrey ii design and created by lyle conway choreography by PAT garrett Film editor JOHN jympson director of phography ROBERT paynter , b.s.c . production design by roy WALKER special Visual Effects by bran ferren Music produce by bob gaudio original motion picture score by mile goodman line producer william S. gilmore Music by alan menken lyric by howard ashman open announcement story warner bros . ' " little shop of horror " to OPEN here on the monster musical comedy film " Little shop of horror , " star Rick moranis , ellen greene , Vincent gardenia and Steve Martin , be set to open here on at the Warner bros . and producer David geffen bring to the screen the 1986 motion picture adaptation of the award - win stage hit , which be base on the 1960 Roger corman cult classic film . the film present a extraordinary triangle involve a lower eastside Manhattan flower shop employee name seymour , he whim - sical co- worker audrey and a plant nickname audrey ii - - whose growth -rate be surpass only by its peculiar appetite . with the acquisition of the screen rights by the David geffen company , geffen 's goal be to fuse the element of the original story and the stage production into its own unique entity on film . win the Drama Critic ' Circle , Drama desk and Outer Critic ' Circle Award as the season 's best musical , the New York stage production spawn a american touring com - pany , a two - year London run , and other noteworthy production in major city all over the world . the geffen company present a Frank Oz Film , " Little shop of horror , " release by the geffen company through Warner bros . produce by David geffen and direct by Frank Oz , the - more - open announcement story monster musical comedy star Rick moranis , ellen greene and Vincent gardenia , with a special appearance by Steve Martin and cameo appearance by John candy , James belushi , and Christopher Guest . - wb- '' little shop_of horror " - production information - mushnik 's flower shop be the sleaziest floral store on skid row , wilting corsage , dark brown greenery and bum sprawle in the doorway add credence to the deep - roote belief that whatever it be that lure people " downtown , " it be not flower . with business droop lower than he creep Charlie , mushnik have decide to throw in the trowel and lay off he only two employee , the klutzy orphan seymour and brave , blonde , batter audrey . then seymour purchase a strange and inter - esting plant from a ancient mandarin during a total eclipse of the sun . and business bloom . customer converge on the shabby premise , attract by the odd pot pod in the window . christen he prize audrey ii in honor of he secret love , seymour shower it with mulch , gro-light and affection . but , as it develop , there 's only one type of nourishment that audrey ii crave -- and it 's not available at you local nursery ! the geffen company present a Frank Oz Film , " Little shop of horror , " release by the geffen company through Warner bros . produce by David geffen and direct by Frank Oz , the monster musical comedy star Rick moranis , ellen greene and vineent gardenia , with a special appearance by Steve Martin - more - " little shop of horror " - production information ~ 2 - and cameo appearance by John candy , James belushi and Christopher Guest . the screenplay and lyric be write by Howard ashman and the music compose by Alan menken , who collab - orate on the off - Broadway and londen stage hit on which the movie be base . the stage hit , which have since blossom into a perennial , be inspire by Roger corman 's " grade 2 " horror film of the same title . shot in 1960 on a unbelievable schedule of two day and a night ( largely because corman be offer a storefront leave over from another movie ) , " Little shop of horror " go on to become a cult classic . it be also notable for the brief , bizarre appearance of relative newcomer Jack nicholson as a masochistic dental patient . New York theatre critic give the stage production of '' Little shop of horror " a blue ribbon reception . the New Yorker 's edith Oliver hail it as " a musical comedy that be both musical and comic ... full of surprise and marvelous effect . " Richard corliss in time magazine welcome " a carnivore with its own intimidating charm " which " envelop the stage and ( gasp ! ) most of the audience . " win the Drama Critic ' Circle , Drama desk and Outer Critic ' Circle Award as the season 's best musical , the show spawn a american touring company ( which be still go strong ) , a two - year London run , and production in France , scandinavia , Israel , Japan , Germany , Australia and ~ more - " little shop of horror " ~ production information - 3 - Iceland . with the acquisition of the screen rights by the David geffen company , the voracious venus people~trap have blossom thrice . geffen 's goal be to fuse the element of the original story and the show into its own unique entity . the time - frame , he decide , would remain intact . downtown , it be still 1960 . here , seymour krelborn ( rick moranis ) toil slavishly for mushnik ( vincent gardenia ) , who pluck he " as a tyke " from the skid row Home for homeless boy . in he basement bedroom , where he raise exotic foliage , seymour pine for audrey ( ellen greene ) , the lithe , blonde salesgirl with the Betty boop voice and cinema noir wardrobe . but audrey be literally a prisoner of love . her steady crush -- in more way than one -- be orin scrivello ( steve martin ) , a biker dentist whose delight for burn rubber be only exceed by he joy for inflict pain . when he be not give root canal a bad name or get high on he own nitrous oxide , scrivello spend most of he time put audrey in traction . one night , in the depth of mushnik 's cellar , seymour prick he finger on a rise ~ - and audrey ii get she first slurp of rh negative . audrey ii grow . seymour grow anemic . audrey ii demand more " sticky , licky sweet . " seymour busy more Band - aids . if mushnik 's prosperity and he exhaust - more - " little shop of horror " - production information - 4 - errand boy be both to survive , fresh blood must be add to the floral food chain ... for director Frank Oz , the challenge of " Little shop of horror " be " deceptive . " the project , he say , '' look simple , but be not . if we play it too camp , the audience would not care about the character . if we be too straight , we would veer toward melodrama . " what evolve be what Oz call " heighten reality . " in open the stage show to encompass the litter alleyway , decrepit tenement and end-of - the-line elevate train of mushnik 's neighborhood , he and oscar-winn production de - signer Roy Walker create a fantasy skid row . but within the sprawling set -- which consume every square inch of pinewood studios ' " 007 " stage ( the large in the world ) - - 0 z also seek a certain " intimacy . " " I do not want to balloon it into a musical ' War and '' peace ' or even a big , splashy ' 40s extravaganza , " say the director . " there be no dizzying overhead crane shot . no irrelevant dance number . nothing to overwhelm what be basically the simple story of a boy , a girl and a man-eate plant . " several production number , however , display amusing affection for film lore . the hollow - eye vagrant , shuffle through the gutter of " downtown , " recall busby Berkeley 's Depression - era classic , " my forgotten man . " " somewhere that 's Green " be a paean to the suburban never - never land of score of movie and ' 60 sitcom . - more - " little shop of horror " - production information - 5 - within the '' heighten reality , " Oz and geffen gather a colorfully incongruous cast . seymour be play by Rick moranis , one of the canadian ' who second City troupe 's non-fraternal " McKenzie Brothers , ' breeze through " ghostbuster " as sigourney weaver 's randy next - door nebbish . his " Little shop ... " role as a botanical body snatcher require " more straight act than anything I would do before , " say moranis . " but the real attraction be the chance to sing . until now , I would be limited mostly to parody . " ellen greene , on the other hand , know the role of audrey " like a second skin , " have play it for two year -- in New York , Los Angeles and London . ( time magazine praise she portrayal of " a sweet , sexy , slightly dizzy blonde with a elmer fudd lisp , wittle - girl wile " and a voice that '' buckle theatre wall . " ) her character , comment greene , first come into focus during costume fitting for the off - Broadway show . " we go through about five wig before audrey become a cornsilk blonde , " she explain . next come the low - cut leopard skin dress , stiletto heel and jangling of the b-movie heroine who be audrey 's role model . Vincent gardenia insist that he be choose as mushnik because " Frank Oz like my name . '' the naple -born actor , who begin he career as a teenager play old man in New York 's italian theatre , call mushnik " a symphony of frustration . he 's a man try to cling to the past despite the depravity ~ more - " little shop of horror " - production information - 6 - building around he . " at the root of much of that depravity be Steve Martin 's Doctor scrivello . ( call he anything other than " Doctor " and he will joyfully rip you eyeteeth out . ) as the leather - clad '' leader of the plaque , " scrivello park he harley davidson , " don surgical white and bounce from room to room in he " one patient - no wait " office armed with a variety of evermore alarming implement . Martin claim that scrivello make lawrence olivier 's sadistic oral surgeon in " marathon man " look like a public benefactor . scatter through " Little shop of horror " be cameo by several well - know comedic actor . renewing he second City rapport with Rick moranis , John candy play wink wilkenson , the one -man radio station who introduce skid row listener to " the weirdest stuff " in the world -- like seymour krelborn 's incredible plant . " spinal tap 's " Christopher Guest be the first customer to put he money down for a magnetic audrey ii . James belushi be a huckster with a plan to cross -pollinate she cutting . among the inspire notion of the stage musical be a " Greek chorus " of three teenage girl who sashay through the action ... in perfect harmony and street - smart cynicism ... like skid row supreme . to find the film 's ttio , audition be hold in New York , Chicago , Detroit , Washington , D.C. and London . out of more than a thousand hopeful test , the youngster choose for they vocal power and brash energy be 18 - year- old - more - '' little shop of horror " - production information - 7 - Michelle week as ronette , 16 - year - old tichina Arnold as Crystal and 17 - year - old tisha Campbell as chiffon . with the trio assemble , there be still one character leave to be cast : audrey ii . the challenge of create a plant '' like nothing ever see on this planet , " who would talk , sing and bite the hand that feed she , be entrust to lyle conway . a acknowledge animatronics wizard , conway have work with Oz ( and Jim henson ) on " the muppet show " and " the Dark Crystal , " and have design the enchant Lewis Carroll character for Dennis Potter 's " dream child . '' conway begin the project with a " inspirational " field trip to London 's famous botanical eden , kew garden . " I feel that at each stage of she development , audrey ii should have a distinct look . the ' baby ' plant resemble a rosebud with lip model after ellen greene 's . then she grow ... and grow more monstrous . " conway next turn to the Atomic Energy Authority at harwell , England , for technical advice on create a core which would support ... and control ... the creature . " the scientist there see it as a game , a pleasant break from they top-security work . they be immensely helpful , " he say . " size , " continue conway " be the downfall of most mechanical marvel , small creature be relatively easy . Big one suffer from gravity . we challenge be to take something twelve and a half foot tall , weigh slightly ~ more - '' little shop of horror " - production information - 8 - more than one ton , and make it rap and boogie with a life of its own . " one aspect which concerned director Oz be audrey ii 's lip synching . " it have to be perfect , " say conway . " Frank do not want big , flap hamburger bun . " to get the right effect take as many as forty puppeteer . by the time conway 's work be finish , he would go through 15,000 hand - make leave , 2,000 feer of vine , several hundred gallon of ky jelly and 11 1 / 2 mile of cable . ( " just slightly more cable than be use to build the Brooklyn Bridge , " he say proudly . ) but audrey ii be only half - alive . still to come be the character 's voice , perform by Levi stubb , a original member of the four top . say musical director robby merkin : " if I die tomorrow , work with Levi will get I into heaven . here 's a modest , con - summate pro who have be sing for thirty year in a group that change the face of popular music . " he can sing anything , any way you ask he . we show he what the plant would look like and a light bulb go on in he head . from then on , he be the plant . " combine the film 's diverse element into a hothouse of horror begin long before a camera turn . the first phase of the process be in the hand of production designer Roy Walker , a Academy Award winner for " Barry lyndon , " a nominee for " yentl , " and a subject of critical acclaim for he work with roland joffe on " the killing field . " - more - " little shop of horror " - production information - 9 - the " Little shop of horror ' ' storyboard be the work of Mike ploog , who graduate from Marvel Comics ( where he draw " conan , " " the werewolf " and " Planet of the ape " ... '' anything with hair on it " ) to film like " superman ii " and " Young sherlock holme . " in create he imaginary skid row , complete with " work " elevate train , Walker remain a stickler for detail . set decorator tessa Davies be dispatch to New York , on a scavenger hunt to find gas meter , soap box , doorknob , street sign and hundred of stage prop , circa 1960 . the oddest item on Davies ' shopping list be garbage can from that era-- complete with authentic garbage . '' they have to be genuine and they have to be old , " she say . " T go around the street in a truck load with new garbage can , offer to trade they for use one . people think I be crazy . I suspect I get away with it only because I be a foreigner . '' simultaneously , costume designer marit Allen be rum - maging through thrift shop , with the same sixty flavor in mind . " what help be that the principal all have a definite idea of how they should dress , " she say . ellen greene want " clothes that suggest cast - off from Kim novak and rita hayworth . we agree that there would be a point in the story where she image would change . when she fall in love with seymour , she go from red , black and leopard to softer shade . " ~ more - '' little shop of horror " - production information - 10 - Rick moranis ' wardrobe be design to " help seymour bridge the credibility gap , somewhere between a nerdy loser and a shy , appeal guy . " Steve Martin be " discreet in he taste in black leather ... more elvis presley than Hell 's angel . " within the complex interweave of humor , music , fantasy , horticulture , set design , special effect , choreog - raphy , puppetry and the ultimate threat to civilization , the core of the movie be its character , say Oz . " they have to be people you believe in ... people you laugh with , not at . " about the cast ... as seymour krelborn , a fledgle faust on skid row , rick moranis move downtown from the Central Park penthouse he occupy in " ghostbuster . " in that # 1 comedy hit of 1984 , he be the party animal who throw wild bacchanal across the hall from sigourney weaver , unaware that she mid-manhattan apartment be be repossess -- by dead spirit . play New yorker of any stripe be no great sur - prise to toronto-born moranis than the fact that he be a actor at all . " I always think show business be for Americans , " he say with he trademark sly grin . " I do not realize Canadian could get involved . '' in fact , he begin he career as a radio engineer while he be still in high school . although it be only part-time , it offer moranis a unlook - for opportunity : after con - sistently write funny one - liner for he deejay friend , - more ~ " little shop of horror " - production information - 11l - he be give he own show , and soon become a popular on - air personality . seguing into cabaret comedy , moranis perform in Toronto nightclub , then move into canadian television . after several year of write and perform , he be ask to join " second City Television " in its third season . when the satirical comedy show be pick up by a american net - work , it not only win a Emmy but also bring moranis national recognition . in solo spot on " sctv , " moranis earn special acclaim for he comedic portrayal of such personality as Woody Allen and Dick cavett , and win emmy for comedy write in 1981 and ' 82 . with Dave Thomas he create the McKenzie Brothers ( Bob and Doug ) - - beer-guzzle philosopher from the canadian north wood , whose goofy antic become a " sctv " mainstay . when the " McKenzie Brothers " make a album , it win a grammy nomination . when they make they screen bow , it be as the star , co-writer and co-director of " strange brew " -- the top-grossing canadian film of 1983 . moranis have since appear in " street of Fire " and " Club paradise , " as well as " ghostbuster . " even though she want audrey to " be ripe enough to fall off a tree , " ellen greene insist there be something '' playful and kittenish about she ... she 's a child / woman you fall in love with because of she imperfection . " - more - " litile shop of horror " - production information - 12- that greene know she character inside out be to be expect . she play audrey for two year on stage - - 18 month in Los Angeles and off - Broadway , and six month in London 's West end . a native New Yorker , whose grandfather be in the yiddish theatre , she always know she want to be a per - former . although she father be a dentist , one brother a doctor and the other a lawyer , she education - orient family do not stand in she way when she start call on casting agent after finish high school . she finally land a gig at reno sweeney 's , a cabaret club on 13th Street , where she play piano , sing and ban - tere ... and earn strong enough review to move up to off - Broadway . with the New York Shakespeare Festival , greene appear in David rabe 's " in the boom boom room , " " sorrow of Stephen , " '' wake up , it 's time to go to bed " and " stage direction . " she make she Broadway bow in the title role of " Rachel lily rosenbloom and do not you ever forget it ! " then appear in " the nature and purpose of the Universe , " " teeth and smile " and opposite Michael York in " the Little Prince and the aviator , '' her performance as Jenny in " threepenny Opera '' bring she a tony nomination . after make she motion picture debut in Paul mazursky 's " next stop , greenwich Village , " greene play Jill clayburgh 's friend in " I be Dancing as fast as I can . " " Little shop of - more - '' little shop of horror " - production information - 13 - horror " mark she third film . when Mr. mushnik , the flower shop owner , give audrey some fatherly advice - - " a date give you a corsage , not a multiple fracture " - - he be simply act in character . Accord - ing to vincent gardenia , who portray he , mushnik be " a man of Old World manners , try to cope with the craziness and cruelty around he . " a veteran character actor in film , theatre and tele - vision , gardenia be bear in naple , Italy , in 1922 , and play he first role at the age of five -- in Brooklyn , where he family settle after emigrate . graduate from juvenile to lead role in New York 's italian theatre , the grow gardenia be in he mid-30s when he begin he professional career in earnest . his break - ~ through come with off - Broadway 's " the man with the Golden Arm , " the 1954 shocker about drug addiction . after enhance he reputation with " the Brothers karamazov , " ' " the visit , " " death of a salesman " and " a View from the Bridge , " gardenia win the covete tony for he performance in Neil Simon 's bittersweet " the prisoner of second Avenue . " he follow up with role in three more Simon play -- " God 's favorite " ( write especially for he ) , " Plaza suite " and " California suite . " he most recently ap - pear on Broadway in the 1984 - 85 hit , " glengarry Glen Ross . " interestingly enough , gardenia , who emanate a easy italian warmth , have alternate between softy and cold - blooded killer in he screen career . he make he bow in - more - '' little shop of horror " - production information - 14 - " cop hater " in 1958 , appear in " murder Inc " and play mobster dutch schultz in " mad Dog coll . " but he win he oscar nomination for he crusty , kindly baseball team manager in 1973 's " bang the drum slowly . " other film include " death wish , " " the Front page '' with Jack lemmon and walter matthau , and " Heaven can wait , " with Warren beatty . his close - cropped hair be hide under a black wig that recall the glory that be " grease , " he sunshine smile be twisted into a sadistic leer , and he handle woman like cagney on a bad day . but as orin scrivello , D.D.S. ( Doctor of De sade ) , steve martin have a role he can sink he tooth into . one of the outstanding comic of the past 15 year , Martin have win emmy for he television work , grammy for he record album , and a oscar nomination for he screen bow as " the absent mind waiter , " a 1978 short film . bear in waco , Texas , he be raise in Southern California , where he sell disneyland guidebook at 10 , and do magic and comedy routine at knott 's Berry farm in he teens . after earning he degree in theatre Arts from ucla , Martin , then 21 , enter television as a writer on the popular " smother Brothers show " ( he first Emmy ) . he soon add such client as sonny and cher , Pat paulsen , Glen Campbell and John Denver to he list , but by the late 1960s begin perform he own material . - more - '' little shop of horror " - production information - 15 - after serve as the open act for musical group like the carpenter and the nitty gritty dirt Band , Martin hit he stride through frequent appearance on johnny carson 's '' tonight show , " and other tv guest shot . expression like " excuuuuuuse I " and " I be a wild and crazy guy " become part of the language . Martin 's career soon encompass he own television special , sell - out concert and gold - plate comedy album . his first two -- " let 's get small " and '' Wild and crazy guy " -- win grammy , while " Comedy be not pretty " and " King tut " sell in the million . with " the jerk , " which he co-wrote , Martin move into feature film in 1979 . he have since star in the innova - tive " Dead Men do not wear plaid , " the sci-fi spoof " the man with two brain , " the provocative ' penny from Heaven , " and as lily tomlin 's haunt other half in " all of I . " Martin wear three hat on the soon- to- be-release " Three amigo , " include that of executive producer . Di - rected by John landis , " Three amigo " be write by Martin , lorne michael and Randy Newman . additionally , he topline the cast along with chevy chase and Martin short . Martin be presently shoot " roxanne , " a screenplay he write for Columbia picture . directed by Fred schepisi and produce by Daniel melnick and Michael rachmil , Martin star with daryl Hannah , Rick rossovich , shelley duvall and Fred willard . underscore the dramatic twist of plot and fate in - more - " little shop of horror " ~- production information - 16 - " Little shop of horror " be ronette , Crystal and chiffon , a trio of street urchin play by michelle week , tichina arnold and tisha campbell . all be native New yorker , who know each other either from school or from appear in such musical as " sing mahalia sing , " " the I nobody know " and " mama , I want to sing . " Michelle , who play ronette - - at 18 the oldest and '' coughest " of the three - - begin sing at four and act at 14 , she complete a run in the star role of Emma in " the tap dance kid " just before filming " Little shop of horror . " sixteen -year-old tichina -- whose Crystal be the youngest and " most talkative " -- be a student at New York 's Music and Art High School . she begin act at 11 , when she appear on stage in " the I nobody know . " she plan to study psychology at college . tisha , who play 17 - year - old chiffon - - " the shy one " -- be the only member of the trio to come from a theatrical family . at 5 she win a car in a talent show , and have since appear in various musical show , include " mama , I want to sing " and " really rosie . " she be a student at Arts High in New Jersey . short but sparkling contribution to " Little shop of horror " be make by John candy , James belushi and Christopher Guest . as radio announcer weird wink wilkenson , JOHN candy - more - '' little shop of horror " - production information - 17 - put he considerable heft through quick character change , rely on voice and sound effect to fool he listener , it 's child 's play for the toronto-born candy , who first gain recognition in television 's " sctv , " where he impersonate ( with devastating precision ) such out ~ - size star as Orson Welles , Divine and luciano pavarotti . he also win two emmy for he write contribution . candy make he film debut as a extra in " class of ' 44 , " but quickly find he metier in such hugely successful comedy as " the blue Brothers , " " stripe , " " National lampoon 's vacation " and " splash . " he have since co-star in '' brewster 's million , " " volunteer " and the recently release " armed and dangerous . " portray a high - power entrepreneur -- who plot to get he cut from audrey ii 's cutting -- be jame belushi , cur - rently win wide acclaim as bernie litko in " about last night . " ( the character , a crudely endear sexist , be originally perform by belushi in David mamet 's " sexual perversity in Chicago , " the obie-winn play on which '' about last night ' ' be base . ) bear and raise in Chicago , belushi graduate from the University of Illinois and spend two year with the city 's fertile second City troupe before signing on as the pirate King in Joseph papp 's touring production of " the Pirates of penzance . " follow the show to Broadway , belushi remain in New York for a two - year stint on television 's " Saturday ~ more= - '' little shop of horror " - production information - 18 - night live , " then return to he hometown for " sexual perversity . " '' after make he film debut in " thief , " he play a cameo in " Trading place , " star in " the man with one Red shoe , " and co-star as a rock and ' roll deejay in " salvador . " christopher guest -- the customer who get rise fever from audrey ii - - be a native New Yorker who study clarinet at the High School of Music and Art , then begin he career as a National lampoon satirist . after several year of " lampoon " as both writer and performer -- 59 radio show , three - grammy - nominate album , _ the off - Broadway hit , '' lemming " -- Guest win a Emmy for co - write television 's " lily tomlin special , " in which he also co-star . as a television actor , Guest have range from comedy to drama , scoring as jeb magruder in " blind ambition , " opposite bette Davis in " a piano for Mrs. cimino , " and in the long - run series '' laverne & shirley " and " all in the family . " in addition to portray reck star Nigel tufnel in Rob reiner 's hit film , " this be spinal tap , " Guest have appear on screen in " the Long rider , " " girlfriend " and '' heartbeeps . " about the filmmaker ... director frank oz be carve a unique niche for himself in motion picture . - more - ~ " little shop of horror " - production information - 19 - for Jim henson 's muppet , he perform miss piggy , fozzie bear , Animal , Cookie monster , bert and grover . as a actor , he appear in brief but tell role in " the blue Brothers , " " Trading place " and " a american werewolf in London " before make a overnight folk - hero - - and time cover - boy - - of yoda , the wrinkle , lovable jedi sage in " the Empire strike back . " as a filmmaker , Oz serve as producer ( with David lazer ) on the muppet ' second movie , '' the great muppet caper , " co-direct " the Dark Crystal " with Jim henson , then make he solo direct bow with " the muppet take Manhattan . " producer david geffen , a entertainment entrepreneur whose involvement range from record and film to Broadway show and talent management , begin he career in 1964 in the mail room of the William Morris talent agency . four year later , with agency co-worker elliot Roberts , he form geffen -robert management which shortly represent such client as joni Mitchell , crosby , still and nash , Neil Young and Jackson browne . in 1971 , geffen form he own label , asylum record . he later merge the company with elektra to form elektra / asylum , which soon become a recognize leader in the music industry , with such artist as the eagle , Linda ronstadt , Jackson browne , Queen , Carly Simon and Bob Dylan , among other . in 1975 , geffen be name vice Chairman of Warner - more - " little shop of horror " - production information - 20 - bros. ' film division , a post in which he be responsible for the successful picture " oh , God ! , " " the late show " and " grease lightn . " from 1976 through 1979 , geffen teach a course on the music business at ucla and Yale University , and , in 1980 , be appoint by Governor Brown to the board of regent of the University of California . in 1980 , he return full - force to the music industry with the formation of he own geffen record , with such top talent as John Lennon / Yoko Ono , donna summer , elton John and Peter Gabriel on the label . the ' 80s also mark geffen 's entrance into theatrical production , such as the smash hit " dreamgirl , " the tony Award win New York production " cat , " and the dramatist Guild -win " Little shop of horror . " his other notable theatrical effort include " master harold and the boy " and the Royal Shakespeare company 's " good . " the ' 80s also bring geffen 's renew involvement with motion picture with formation of the geffen Film company . under he personal guidance , geffen 's film arm have bring to the screen the controversial drama of two young woman athlete contend for Olympic gold in '' personal best , " the immensely - successful Tom Cruise , - star youth comedy " risky Business , " Albert brook ' well - receive yuppy dropout film " lose in America " and Martin scorsese 's critically - herald comedy - drama " after hour . " most recently , geffen launch the new Broadway play - more - '' little shop of horror 's - production information - 2l- " Social Security , " topline marlo Thomas and ron Silver . howard ashman , who write the sereenplay and lyric for the film version of " Little shop of horror , '' also write the book and lyric for the musical play , and direct the original off - Broadway production and its London counterpart . a native of Baltimore , ashman have be associate with the Houston , Pittsburgh and San Francisco Opera company , the Manhattan theatre Club , Princeton 's mccarter theatre and New York 's wpa theatre , where he be artistic director from 1976 to 1982 . he also write the book and lyric ( with Dennis Green ) for the musical version of kurt vonnegut 's " God bless you , Mr. rosewater . " for he contribution to the stage production of " Little shop of - horror , " ashman receive the Outer Critic ' Circle Award for best lyric and best off - Broadway musical , the New York Drama Critic ' Award for best musical , and the Drama desk Award for best lyric . when composer alan menken win the 1982/83 Outer Critic ' Circle Award for he music in the stage version of " Little shop of horror , " it be the result , he say , of a longstand - ing friendship and collaboration with Howard ashman . the pair previously team on " God bless you , Mr. rosewater , " a 1979 musical of kurt vonnegut 's book , which mark menken 's first major production . it be while study medicine at New York University that menken make the switch to music composition . join lehman engel 's bmi musical theatre workshop , he write the ~ more - '' little shop of horror " - production information - 22- music and / or lyric for its production , as well as song hear in revue and cabaret act around New York . after have he career anoint with " rosewater , " menken go on to collaborate with Steve Brown on " attina , evil Queen of the galaxy , " and to write the music and lyric for " Real life funny , " a revue base on the cartoon of the Village Voice 's Stan mack . he be currently collaborate with Tom eyen on " kick . " the geffen company present a Frank Oz Film , " Little shop of horror , " release by the geffen company through Warner bros . produce by David geffen and direct by Frank Oz , the monster musical comedy star Rick moranis , ellen greene and Vincent gardenia , with a special appearance by Steve Martin and cameo appearance by John candy , James belushi and Christopher Guest . - wb- seymour krelborn ...... augtey . lecce eee ee eee mushnik ..........- 2- 6 - . orin scrivello , D.D.S. Crystal . .... eee eee eeee chiffon ......... 2 eee ee ronetteé ......... Patrick Martin ........ wink wilkinson ............00 : eee first customer ....... oe Arthur Denton . .---. eee eee eee ee ee ee eee ee eee ewe wae narrator ... see ceee '' downtown '' Old woman . . '' downtown '' bum # l ..... '' downtown '' bum # 2 ..... '' downtown bum # 3..... chinese florist ....... cast of character ( in order of appearance ) + eeeeeee rick moranis tee eeeee .- ellen greene + eee+eevincent gardenia seeeeeee . steve martin «eeeee +- tichina arnold seeeeees tisha campbell ++++...- michelle week ste e wee jame belushi see eeeeee ee sohn candy .+..- christopher guest ... bill murray wee eee eee eee een rr ...+.. stanley jone doo wop Street singer ....... second customer ... ccc e cece weer e cere e een +++++.+ bertice reading see eeeeeeeeee ed wiley seeeeeee . alan tilvern «.... JOHN scott martin seeeeees + vincent wong seeeeeeeeeeeMAK wilson danny cunningham danny JOHN -jule gary palmer paul swaby see emildred shay third customer .........- be eee ee eee e eee melissa wiltsie fourth customer ....... fifth customer ........ the eeeeeee kevin scott . '' barbara rosenblat Radio Station Assistant ............- be eet eee eee teen eee ..- adeen fogle cast of character .... 2 audrey & seymour 's kids...............cccecceresevoresevcoeceees kelly huntley paul reynold Dental nue ; .caewacsnawangninsn duane wae salen chs + eeeeee . smiriam margoly Boy patient..s.ssseweere cefatee 4s env R pe a gso uh lg uns oboe oes abbie dabner second patient ..... se esa career eeere vere rarewne ase ae eecesecccce frank dux patient on cell .....¢01scsasaneneeane rane ete cbiesemnnete ee peter whitman girl patient ... vege essceeee vaccine a wen sash veeceea 's eee '' sheather henson girl 's mother .......... oe con aep fes he bee e-by hele eb ey rth ah ha judith morse agent ...... 4 fae lar the sy ae srnr no fore S pasaaaretay seeeeee +++ bob sherman " life " Magazine Lady ....... ceccecesecescecereseececeeees + doreen hermitage her Assistant ............ ceeusederens pee cee e user het enababene kerry shale Network exec # 1 ...... oo ab SF er oh cana ean eea ses see eeeeee ROBERT arden networld be ! £ 2 nace cece cos '' once NW be ob ee eee es yin eww stephen hole Network exec £ 3 . scsccesessnssavssagawer wcw rulen saver ewe we ws bob session Television reporter ....... ++00 + pena be hereta rasa «eae ghar ty shannon the Voice of " audrey ii " perform by ...... s- seeee cece eee eeee levi stubb of the four top ke ek the credit directed dysserssesevccccc ence cen ac asst rnrncencncecene oeeeeee frank oz produce by ....csscccsccccccccevccvervennsccnesosesevseseeeedavid geffen screenplay dy ... eceseeec es eecen ren cec be cescneeeceeseaee showard ashman music dy csccceserereresvccesnccenccanscseeesseeeoeesessse es salan menken lyfcc dy . pee eee eee ee eee eee esse eee eeee se showard ashman Music produce dy..ssscecvcenseccvevecerecececececseeeeeses bob gaudio original motion picture score by .............. 2.222022++sMILES goodman director of photography ......... 22 seeeeeeee --+-+++robert paynter , b.s.c. production design by ... cece eee e cece cece cece scucesceceseroy WALKER Film egitorescceccccccscccecccnceccenceenersereesceescees JOHN jympson special Visual Effects by .....---.. see eee ee eee eee eee eee eee + bran ferren " audrey ii " design and created by .....e. eeeeeeeeeeeceeee 's lyle conway costume design by ....... cc cece ence cere eee cee ee eceee ce -marit allen caste dy ... cece cece cece eee eee eee eee eeeeeeesees + margery simkin base on the musical stage play Book and lyric by ..... cese eee cece eect eee een ee eeeeeee + '' howard ashman music dy. cece cree sete ence cee c cee no ener ceeacsceerseveeeecalan menken production supervisor for the geffen company ............. eric angelson line progucere . sce ccsewccceesceceesceceseseees ee william S. gilmore associate ploduccers... sseeeee cere cere ereenserererereesees '' david orton denis holt camera operator.. cece e cece cee cnereeeeseereessE reddie cooper , s.0.c. choreographer ....... 2 eee eee ee eee een bee meee nee + PAT garrett musical caste by ... seesccecceeecceeeees ejohnson-liff associate orchestration & musical supervision by .....-..+.e5e+eeee+«+ROBBY merkin vocal alranger .... ccecc cece ccc cece cece vee eceeceseeece srobert billig Music coordinator ......------- eee cece with cere terre eeeenee cjim henrikson the credit . .. 2 Music arrange and adapted by ..... first Assistant director .......... production manager . ..seaseeneureee script supervisor .... second Assistant director . third Assistant director . production coordinator ... Assistant to Mr. oz ....ee caste director ( U.K . ) .. Art director ........ eeeee Art director ( model ) .... Assistant Art director ... + eeeeee + .+ robby merkin & bob gaudio eee e ee eee eee ee '' dusty symond eevee cece eeeeee ee sdonald tom s2eeeeeepamela mann francis eee eeeeeeeeeesee + gareth tandy see nick heckstall-smith see eseeeeees evicki manning eee wee veeeeeeee es val demeter +-celestia fox see wee eee eee stephen spence deere wee eeee see e cence eee eee ssohn fenner set decoltatol.cccecscesseccesscees production illustrator ........ construction coordinator .......... production buyer ( U.K. ) .csecseeee production buyer ( U.S . ) -...----ee0e draughtsperssonss.... ceeeeceeeecanene sculptor / modeller . sc eee cence ene model Maker ........--.-- . eee ecco eee nese eed IM morahan eee eee eee eeeee ee tessa davie .+-+.+. michael ploog eee een eee ee ee michael redding eee een ease vere ees ron quelch eee eee ere eee es ees carol nast eeeereeeeese martin hitchcock philip elton suzanna smith eee eee eee nese eeee +- brian muir + +++. MARK woollard Art Department trainee ...... sseeeeee bee e eee cece eee es eueremy karpel focus puller ........... eee ee seeeee + edanny shelmerdine clapper loader ........s. - ee eee eeee oe bee eee eee bob bridge camera grip ... secccecen cca enaneeee additional grip . eee ee eee edavid cadwallader «eeee.s+ kevin fraser the credit ...3 second unit cameramen..sescorececerveccerevesees second unit camera Operator .......5.65 camera trainee ... .. cce eee ee eee e scene sound mixer ... seseeeeeeeee boom Operator ... .. eee eee cee ee eeceneee playback Operator ... cece eee eee eee ee een sound maintenance . .sesecececrseerecece video supervisor..ccccseesceserccrsccae video Assistant ..........- wee meee eee intercom technician / video Operator . wardrobe supervisor . Assistant costume designer ............ wardrobe assistant ...... eeseeeeseeoes seamstiess . cee es cease verecscceseecsceee Chief makeup artist . makeup artistieccceccccecccecncececeee Chief hairdresser ... ..e. eee eee eee een hairdressers ... cess e cence ececncecnnene production accountant .... eeeecceenee Assistant accountant ... ceceeeenaacceee veeeeeeeee ronnie maasz jame devis eeeeeeeee jeff paynter »- nigel ( will ) willis eeeeeeee s+ peter sutton ee eeeeeeee JOHN salter wee we ccee eee esimon cox eeeceeeeeeeron butcher eee e eee ee ees tan kelly eeeeeeedavid simonetti «++.+.. stuart lorraine ee eeesee eee paul vachon «eee . .s william mcphail «+«.e... dorothea smylie sue honeyborne mike jarvis the eeee eee ee ejo measure «-- paul engelen «eeeeeelynda armstrong ee eeeeeeecolin jamison wee eeeee ees 0 a jamison sue love wee e eee eee eto gregory saeeeeeeee allan davie Computer Operator ......---.---- eee ewer e ween ern ene + eeeeee +e / lynn bowen cashier ........... see ee wee een seeeeeee ee andy andrews production Office Assistant .....--....- --- janine lodge producer' sectetary..cececseveeeeerseccceeesseeseeee ee tessa billyeald the credit ... 4 pre-production Secretary ( n.ys}ecccseeescccceeecseeess melanie william production runner ........- 5eeeee ---- be cece e cece eee ee es AMES hickox unit publicist.ssccacenceecceeeersece ree cceeeeescerns Assistant publicist .......-..-- still photographer . .... cceeeeeeeeee ee eee principal plant performers antony asbury mak wilson sue dacre marcus clarke david greenaway michael bayliss don austen william todd jone ian tregonning michael quinn brian henson ROBERT tygner david barclay paul springer toby philpott michael barclay CHRIS leith terry lee JOHN alexander jame barton graham fletcher additional performers madeline adam tony antony ailsa berk martin bridle simon brown georgia clarke debbie cumming mary edward mike halford penny hetherington ronnie le drew sally mccormack russell nash graham newton nigel plaskitt peter robbins anna savva JOHN style ian thom patti webb francis wright martin antony joan barton richard brain fiona benyon brown david bulbeck richard coomb phil easton geoff felix leslie hayne helen joannide patricia martinelli stephen mottram alison neil angie passmore judy preece gilly robic david showler nicholas temple david trainer simon williamson saskia wright MARK challenor JOHN wither gareth francis martin krauka -- susan d'arcy weet eee ee tee ee tee eeenee rose bean «murray close tne credit ... 5 physical therapist....cccccseseccccacccsersrsceseccessceesesdavid allan animatronics staff cooldinalol . . ce cece cece ree be seer rceeeceeacceeeeeee +s barbara griffith Chief mechanical deisgner .......... eee cee e cece eee eee eee neal scanlan christian ostwald head of fabrication . ... cece e ee cee eevee eee eeceeesseseeeeesherry amott senior modeller..cscsssecsecccccccecverssesceserecseeeesjohn blakeley seemior painters. ssesssccsccacecscceascevessesceeceeeeceee«david white jane harding head of foam Lab ... cc cece ec cece eee eee cee een eeeene sue higgins senior mechanical design ........ cece cece cece nee eeeceeae ee nik william jim sandys CHRIS eveleigh kevin herd stuart robinson tim wheeler fabrication . .... cece cece eee cece cee eee ease cece ceseee + graeme galvin alison darke ginette ruthven janet knetchel joan garrick jill thrave eve robert mavis taylor modellers. eee eee eee e reece eee cere ee ceeeeeeeesevescceecstuart smith david haye gary pollard jeremy hunt JOHN robinson philomena davis animatronics technician ...... eee nee eee eee seccorereeeeteve donald brent blair phil dabson michael scanlan david elsey jason reed ian morse the credit . animatronics assistant ..... animatronics plasterer ... tlaince . css eee ee eneeceeeeee supervise electrician ..... best Boy .... eereereceeeneeee gaffer ( 2nd unit ) .... supervise propman ...... wee chargehand prop .... seeseee prop storeman .... eeeeeeeeene plopmen see eee eee c cence cceee carpenter ... ... cee cece ee eeee palntelr..ccececeeeeerereccee plasteler ewe eeeeeee plasterer 's laborer ... stagehand ... cee cece eee een rigger.cccccesceececs carpenter ( animatronics ) .... stagehand ( animatronics ) .... rigger ( animatronics ) ...... ) special physical Effects .... ---fiona beaumont ROBERT hatt seeees-+-don taylor michael gaster +++.+-ejonathan webb joanna turner eeeeeeeeeejohn may we my reer merece ccwone JOHN sullivan «michael mcdermott teens «.«danny skundric «eeekeith pitt »+++brian west «+ graham emery clive wilson «+.-ejohn perry .»- joseph monk 's +.+.eterry lynch «richard lyon se4eee2eet0e moorat «- joseph doyle eeeeeeee steve eel oeeeeeeseLEE taylor «.etony robini keffect associate lot . martin gutteridge graham longhurst additional lighting equipment ............. lee electric ( lighting ) lot . grip Package . ...- eeveceece model unit supervisor ..... ween eee eee eee grip house lot . scene eeeeeee richard conway the credit ... 7 Assistant director ... script supervisor .... cameraman .... -.e- seeee camera Operator ...... focus puller .......+. clapper loader ....... grip ...-.. -.ee- eee model technician .... model maker .... sculptor ........ eee e weer be be esr e sete esesoessessnvesveelim reed senior Effects technician , special Effects Assistant . General Assistant ......... rumnnel eo een esr e ever vcore nnae video Operator ... first Assistant Film editor ...... . second Assistant editor ..... adr editor ... ee cece neeeee adr Assistant . ..ccsseccccees sound Effects supervisor ..... Assistant sound editor ...... Visual Effects editors..eee . Effects Assistant .... «.+ anne wotton see e ee eee eeeeee + paul wilson , b.s.c. wee eee ee eee ee cece nee eee JOHN morgan eee eee eee eee eeeeee ejonathan taylor wee eee eee eee eee eee -/- nigel stone ... ted jaffrey eee e ee ene eee eee veess ebob hollow martin gant david mccall stephen hamilton «..+. terry reed jim machin sew eaee keith short see eee eee eee eee christine over eee meee ene e eee enenee tim willis ee ee ee ete ee eer ee eee eee ee 's kaye moss seer eee ee sae eeeeeee eee smartin mercer «eeee .- CHRIS kenny wee eee oeeeee -e william webb ++++jonathan luca we eee wee ewww ee eee eee es bob risk weer ee eee eee eee ee ee eee sstefna smal seeeee --.ron davis nec e ee ee eee eee nee eee colin wilson eeeeeeederek trigg bob gavin .».»+ BEN palmer the credit . . Assistant editor ( L.A. ) ....s.se06 Post production coordinator ( L.A. ) Music editoorss ....... cece cece ee eeee Assistant Music editor ........5505 Music pre-record ( London ) ...... engineer ...... emer e not ee en eww een Assistant engineer ... cece eee e ere Music assistant ..... Music pre-record ( Los Angeles engin€ereseceeccecee cece nnnee Assistant engineers.ressscusseseee additional overdub ........... 0005 Music assistants... eeeeesseseeeeee original score record .......... engineer ........... area ira orchestra contractor ....... eeesee orchestrations.... ervveerreseees Music copyingesssssssesessaseseece re-record mixer ........ eee eae recoldist ... eeeecer seve cece ececn see eeseeeese louise hogarth lisa dorney rebecca einfeld wee eeeeeeeeeeeeDENISE frost eee ee eee eee snancy fogarty christopher kennedy we eeeeeeeeceeee andrew glen seeeeeees - advision limite eee ees eee eee eeee david jacob tee ee eeeeeeeeeceee emartin o'donnell tee e ee eaeseeeees pauline mcgee claire ibbotson joanna hart «hollywood SOUND recorder , inc . pee e ence eeseneeccee es tony d'amico pete e cee wee ee eee eee ee ee sdaniel reed scott macpherson sec ceee see eee a eeeeeeeeeeerobert ash »+++ bob sutton ROBERT sobo suzan ( kapner ) mann eee eee eee eeee ee record plant , inc . eee eee eee e eee e eee joel moss peewee ee eee eae seeee + .+.- carl fortina eee wwe eee eee eeee ee thomas pasatieri ee ee ee eee eee ee cee eee ROBERT bornstein «+.....- ROBERT W. glass , JR . steve maslow kevin o'connell ween cc ewe n een «« -.-- gary ritchie bobby nichol the credit . negative cutter ... +++++donah bassett Color timer ... . cee cece cece cece eee ence cence see eeeeeeeeedick ritchie special Visual Effects by associate & ferren , New York Project coordination . .... 2. ee cece ee cece eee ee ee ee eaee +.- jame n. shelly susan coursey susan leber david mcdonough + eeeeeeee es ROBERT c. francis chester T. hartwell JOHN c. huntington III electronics ........0. optical Effects ... eee cee eee eee eee eee »--robert rowohlt JOHN alagna bob buckle sanford duke mitch wilson »oeeephillip cullum kinnereth ellentuck ROBERT kohut lar pederson paul pratt alan D. webb system support . eee eee eee eee eee charle f. harrison otto leichliter JOHN A. frith melissa rice ken wisner motion Control ... graphic & animation .... 0. cece eee reece eee eeesecessesceeeseedick rauh peter wallach valerie baiaedi nicholas baum michael n. caputo braden clary michael faerman gregory M. harker dennis jordan joe laudati don poynter michael sullivan michael tabacco michael ventresco brian waterson vincent n. yacenda the credit ... 10 Robin animation .....- eee ewe eeeeeeeeepeter chiang optical film effect lot . Levi stubb ' appearance courtesy of motown record " I love lucy " courtesy of CBS Inc. , and viacom enterprise " howdy doody " ( R ) ( c ) courtesy of National Broadcasting company , Inc. " life " title and format use with permission of time Incorporated special thanks to horticulture magazine better home and garden tv guide magazine paul dooley and robin 02 film entirely at pinewood studio lot . iver heath , buckinghamshire , England re-Record at the goldwyn SOUND facility Warner Hollywood studios lense and panaflex ( R ) camera by panavision ( R ) Color by technicolor ( R ) title Design by bran ferren dolby ( dd ) stereo in selected theatres original motion picture soundtrack available on geffen record , cassettes & compact disc a geffen company release distribute by warner bros . , inc . ( WB ) , a Warner Communications company