little monster write by Ted Elliott & Terry rossio first draft March 1 , 1987 fade in : on a old alarm clock , ticking , the bell go , the little hand miss , the big hand indicate twenty - after-something . it be bound with black electrical tape , time - bomb fashion , to a plastic water - fill spray bottle . the alarm ring ; the bell hammer tug the piece of kite string tie to the trigger of the bottle ; water be mist onto the face of -- brian stevenson , a dark - haire twelve - year- old with eye that do not miss much . awake now , he shut off the alarm and snap on the tensor lamp next to he bed . we be int . stevenson home - attic room - night a huge poster show the history of train engine . a stairway be cut into the floor . no curtain on the window . a just - past - half moon shine in the night sky . Brian pull on a pair of thick wool sock . he skate past a cluttere worktable , across the hardwood floor to the stair . int . hallway Brian move quietly past a close door ; on it , a plaque read ' Eric 's room ' above a picture of a antique car . farther down be another close door . Brian pause , listen to the sound of Mom and dad argue ; no word can be make out , only the tone , the rise , fall , sharpness of voice . Brian look away from the door . prepare for he assault on the stair . he reach he foot down -- and the step creak loudly . Brian freeze . he move he foot to the leave , put he weight on it . silence . he go right for two more , skip the next stair altogether , make he way to the bottom of the minefield of possible creak and groan . int . kitchen Brian whip up a balogna-mustard - onion sandwich . he glance at the clock -- 12:27 -- work under a deadline . int . live room brian--silently -- push a armchair up to the television . he turn the volume knob down , hold the remote control a inch from the set , thumb it . Brian adjust the volume so it 's barely audible -- just in time for the open of ' late night with David letterman . ' 2 . he sit back . unseen by Brian a quick , subtle movement -- just a shadow , really - - head for the stair . Brian take a bite of the sandwich -- -- and then there be a scream that could wake the dead . Brian shove the chair back , remote the set off on the run , toss the control on the couch , and race for the stair . ext . stevenson home - night a rambling , two -story midwestern house with screen - in front porch stand dark on a large wood lot . the scream continue , go hoarse . a second -story bedroom light come on . int . stevenson home - stairwell Brian be only halfway up the stair when he escape route be cut off : light from he parent ' room spill into the hall . Brian melt back into the shadow . holly and glen stevenson hurry to the already open door of Eric 's room . int . eric' bedroom no curtain in here , either . eric stevenson , nine year old with light brown hair and fine feature , sit huddle in bed , breathe hard , blink in the sudden glare of the overhead light . eric Mom ! there be a monster ! Holly relax , smile . she be a dark - eye woman on the other side of thirty , pretty give way to elegant . she gesture to Eric . holly skootch over . Holly sit down on the bed beside Eric . she hug he . holly it be just a bad dream . eric but I be not sleep ! holly sometimes you dream you be awake , but you be not . Glen , slightly older than Holly , bearded , stand slump against the door frame . he be a polished man but wear , the veteran of too many such late night disturbance . 3. glen it be probably just the house settling . you be not use to it , yet . eric it be not the house -- there be a monster ! it zoom in from the hall and go under my bed ! Holly and Glen exchange a look . glen Eric ... when you dream , it 's just you brain 's way of sorting out thing you learn during the day . so if you find out something -- eric I find out there 's a monster under my bed ! it run in from the hall -- it grab my ankle ! holly there 's no monster under you bed . here . she get down on one knee and -- eric no , Mom ! do not ! --stick she arm into the under - the-b . she sweep it back and forth , pull it out . it be rather dusty . holly see ? no monster . ( notice the dust , brushes it off ) all the dust bunny scare them away . eric ( a new threat ) ... bunny ? int . hallway Brian roll he eye . he sneak toward the attic stair . int . eric' bedroom glen there be no bunny and no monster . there 's nothing under you bed . 4. holly maybe we should get the flashlight . Eric cross he arm and give Glen a grave nod . glen Holly , if we humor he -- ( off she look ) all right . int . hallway Brian commando- roll into the bathroom , disappear just before Glen step into the hall . int . eric' bedroom Holly pull the cover up to Eric 's chin , tucking he in . holly you want to know a secret ? the monster be more afraid of you than you be of they . Eric look very doubtful . he inch the cover down to free he arm . holly once you realize they do not exist , they be go . that 's a lot of power . I wish I could do that to the heating bill . she pull the cover back up to Eric 's chin . Glen return , present the flashlight to Eric . glen easy on the battery , kid . Eric take the flashlight , grip it tightly . holly we will leave the hall light on and the door open . holly / glen ' night , Eric . eric g'night ... Glen turn off the room light . 5 . int . hallway the pair move toward they bedroom door , speak softly : glen do you think he hear we ? holly of course he hear . what do you think scared he ? he be -- the click shut of the bedroom door cut she off . int . eric' bedroom Eric lie on he side , back to the door , eye wide . he hear something . he can not look . then he jump , arm flail , a scream on its way -- cut off by a hand clamping over he mouth . he train the flashlight on he ankle -- -- a hand be wrap around it ; the beam run past the wrist , up the arm , to Brian 's face , grin out of the darkness . his attitude be that of a friendly co-conspirator , a helpful ally in the kid versus . parent cold war . brian they be lie . Eric stare at he , he mouth still cover . brian there be a monster . Eric shake he head ' no ' emphatically . brian it go for you ankle , right ? it get mine . where do you think I get this ? Brian take he hand away . stick out one leg , pull up he pajamas cuff , revealing the old , ugly scar on he ankle . Eric stare at it , a little panicked . eric you get that when you foot get catch in the spoke . when you be little ! Brian look at he and smile pityingly . brian that 's what ( jerk he head towards they parent ' room ) they want you to think . 6 . Eric , eye widen , turn to look in the direction Brian jerk he head . Brian 's smile get bigger as he back toward the door . brian they be suppose to be comforting -- they be parent . I be you brother . ( reach for the knob ) here -- I will close this ... you really ought to keep the light down . eric ( a whisper ) why ? brian ( matter - of - fact ) because monster be just like moth ... they be attract to light . Brian smile helpfully , and pull the door shut . the flashlight beam cut across the dark room . Eric turn it up to look into it , he worried face now light from below . he glance quickly around the room . all be silent . screw up he courage , he snap off the light , and the room go black . Eric 's soft , worried back - of- the-throat whimper float out of the darkness . int . attic room - morning - close on a gold pocketwatch . the face be unique : a disc with a wedge cut out be set into a numbered ring . the wedge turn , revealing a old - fashioned draw of a benign sun for daylight hour , a malevolent man-in- the-moon in a starry sky for the nighttime . Brian sit at a worktable cover with disassembled mechanical item . he pore over the dismantle watch , clean the piece with dust-off . holly ( o.s. ) Brian ! Breakfast . ( Brian do not respond ) Brian ! Brian reluctantly set the watch onto its stand . int . kitchen - morning Holly fit one last dish into the dishwasher ; Glen finish he coffee and grapefruit . 7. Eric , head down , intently eat he cereal . Brian breeze into the room -- then slow , sense tension . Brian ease down next to Eric . glen I hope whatever you watch last night be worth you allowance . brian ...huh ? Holly turn on the dishwasher . holly we find the sandwich . brian ( beat ) what sandwich ? Eric wince - - he know the shit have just hit the fan . holly Brian , you be the only person in this house who eat bologna and onion . every time you get catch , you think you can lie you way out of it . glen you want to end up a politician ? brian ...no . Water pipe , visible through a hole above the sink , start to knock . Holly , expect this , turn on and off the hot water . the knock subside . eric gotta catch the bus . holly this conversation be not over . eric it 's not fair you get mad at I every time you get mad at Brian . the pipe start knock again . Holly take a deep breath , gesture that Eric can go . he grab he lunch bag and leave . Holly repeat the hot water ploy ; it do not work . she try it once more ; again , nothing . she shut down the dishwasher ; the knock stop for good . holly damn ! damn , damn . 8. Glen go to she . Brian be tear between escape -- and he lunch . he edge toward it . Glen put a arm around Holly 's shoulder , try to cheer she . glen the plumber will be out next week . holly great . can I leave he the dish ? glen just keep say to yourself : ' it 's we dream house . ' holly I never dream of seventeen hundred dollar in plumbing problem . Glen lean against the cupboard ; a strange look cross he face . he turn : melt strawberry ice cream stain he shirt , and drip out of the cupboard . he pull open the door - - a soupy half gallon of carnation sit on a stack of dish . Brian look incredulously at the gooey mess , snag he lunch , and beeline for the door -- glen you be a deadman . brian I do not do it ! holly just like the sandwich . Glen , disgust , pluck the carton out of the cupboard . brian ... okay , it be my sandwich -- but I do not have any ice cream ! you always blame I for everything -- holly somebody put scuff mark on the door kick they open . and somebody stick gum under the table -- brian not I . Glen throw a ice cream - bloat sponge into the sink . 9. glen we will let this go as a accident . but I be lay down the law . no more intentionally disobey the rule . you know the difference between right and wrong . start act like it . brian ( downcast ) ...yes , sir . int . stairwell Brian sit on the stair , bookpack between he knee . Glen , tie over he shoulder , buttone a fresh shirt , hurry past . he kiss Holly goodbye and go out the front door . Holly turn , regards she glum son . sit down beside he . holly Brian , you dad and I be worried . you and Eric have be at the new school the same amount of time . Eric 's already make some friend -- brian grandpa be my friend . holly yes , I know . I know you miss grandpa . we all do . ( beat ) but you should get out more . find somebody to play with . ( remember ) the lawyer who handle the estate -- Mr. coleman ? he have a son about you age . brian ( state a fact ) ronnie coleman be a toad . holly he seem like a nice kid . brian we can have he over for milk and dead fly . Holly react with a small smile despite herself -- then they hear a long , scraping , crumpling metal SOUND from outside . 10 . ext . stevenson home - driveway Brian 's beachcruiser lay twisted in back of the idling Honda . Glen sternly guide Brian out through the garage . Holly follow as far as the garage door . glen right there . what do you see ? Brian spot the bike , break away from Glen . he stare down at the ruin bike . brian you run it over . glen guess why ? Brian look at he ; a light dawns . brian oh no -- no way . ( point to the side of the garage ) it be there ! I park it right there ! glen it be behind the car . I do not see it this time because it be lie flat . brian my bike ... all that stupid seed I have to sell . glen you be lucky -- the car be not damage . as it stand you be ground for a month , no tv for a month , and you can consider yourself at poverty level until the next century . holly be not that a little rough ? glen do not make I the villain here , Holly . brian wait ... I be out my bike . you car 's fine . you run over my bike and I get punish . glen do not get smart . 11 . Glen get in the car as Brian drag the bike out of the way . brian ( mutter ) if you do not want I to get smart , stop waste you money on public education . ext . neighborhood STREET - morning Eric and he friend todd walk toward the bus stop , notebook and lunchbag in hand . Todd 's parent force he to wear dress shoe ; he compensate by scuffing they at every opportunity . todd so you do not really see anything ... all you feel be , like , a eerie presence ? eric yeah . eerie . todd it do not like , go in the closet , or near it , or even look at it for a second or anything ? eric nope . todd -- so this be a exclusively under - the -bed phenomenon we be deal with here . eric yeah . under my bed . they join other kid at the bus stop . Todd snap he finger . todd troll ! troll live under bridge . this life under a bed . it could be some sort of ... sub - species , mutant troll . ( he punch he fist into he palm ) that 's it . the bus pull up ; its door hiss open . eric I just want to get rid of it . 12. todd maybe if you pound a stake through its heart ..? ( pause ) Nah ... that only work on vampire . they solemnly ponder this subject . eric I think that would work on anything . int . bus - day half - fill with kid . Todd and Eric find seat as the bus begin to move -- but then it slow to a stop for a late-arrival : Brian . he swing into he seat as the bus lurch forward . eric why be not you riding you bike ? brian let 's talk about that . you have get two choice : you can lie , and die slow and painful . tell the truth , and I will be merciful . ( he smile ) you will die quick . eric what happen ? brian dad run over my bike because you put it in the driveway . eric no way . you bike ? the bus slow for its next stop . brian look like it 's gonna be slow and painful . we will start with starvation and work we way up . in a unstoppably quick motion , Brian grab Eric 's lunch and toss it out the window . eric my lunch ! you stupid ! I do not do anything ... ( he see Brian be serious ) you bike 's really thrash ? 13. brian I put it away . Mom and dad sure do not move it . that leave ( he point at Eric ) you . I be tired of you get I in trouble . eric I do not touch you bike . ( Brian grab Eric by the shirt ) if I do , you would beat I up ! Brian pull back a little ; Eric be sincere . kid file on the bus . brian what about the ice cream ? you snuck some ice cream last night . eric ( definite ) no . Brian and Eric regard each other , both frown , puzzle . todd ( confident ) the monster . Brian and Eric look at Todd , who nod he head , all - know . eric that 's it ! that 's what it be do ! Brian sigh , rub he eye in a long -suffer gesture . brian he tell you about the killer attack bunny under he bed ? eric it be a monster . brian there be no monster . ronnie ( o.s. ) ( yell ) who 's ' Eric ? ' ronnie coleman , a sixth grade version of Pete Rose come up the aisle , carry Eric 's batter lunch bag . ronnie wear a football jersey with coleman on the back . a bat glove hang out of the back pocket of he jeans . 14 . ronnie who 's the ' Eric ' that throw he lunch at I ? Todd 's horror-stricken look throw a spotlight on Eric . ronnie , grape juice stain he jersey , zero in on he . eric it 's my lunch , but I do not throw it . ronnie who do ? Eric point at Brian 's back . eric my brother . ronnie stevenson ? he 's you brother ? ( Eric nod ) man , I be go to make you eat this in one bite , but ... ronnie proffer the bag to Eric . ronnie ( pointedly ) you get enough problem . a few laugh at this ; Eric throw in a ' oooooh , burn . ' Eric cautiously take the lunch .. ronnie grin victoriously at Brian , who fume . ronnie raise a eyebrow , dare Brian to make something of it . Brian hold he temper , slump down into he seat . ronnie shake he head in disgust , swagger down the aisle . a kid grin at Brian from the seat in front of he . brian what be you lookin ' at ? the grin be wipe from the kid 's face ; he turn forward . Brian stare out the window . dissolve to : ext . lafayette elementary school - establishing the lunch bell ring ; kid swarm out . 15 . int . school - science classroom alone in the room , kiersten deveraux , a crush - induce twelve year old , raise a Polaroid camera to take a picture of a just - beginning - to- bloom cereus . it be inside a homemade plywood box ; the hinge side stand open . a blackout curtain , lift , line the box ; a lamp be attach to the roof . the Polaroid whirs , but do not spit out a photo . kiersten frown , go to a close door mark teachers only . she take a key out of she pocket , unlock the door . int . book / supply room kiersten take a pack of film from a metal cabinet . she shut it , turn -- -- Brian lean in the door frame , lunch bag in one hand , eat a sandwich . kiersten be startle . Brian grin . brian how ya doin ' -- ( significantly ) -- partner . kiersten what ? brian I be you new partner . from now on , we be both go to get straight ' a 's . kiersten frown at he , puzzle . brian do not worry , I will not tell anyone you be steal answer . kiersten ( pull the door shut ) do they forget to give you you medication this morning , Brian ? int . science classroom Brian do not hear the insult , intent on firming up this new partnership . as she reload the camera : brian oh , come on , kiersten . I see you . you be scamm the teacher 's edition . kiersten do not give he a lot of attention . 16 . kiersten I be not . I be allow in there -- Mr. Finn give I a key . brian a key ? you have a key ? ( she nod ) and you be not look at the teacher ' edition ? kiersten ( explain flatly ) I be work on my science project see ? it 's bloom . brian what a breakthrough . kiersten finish reloading the camera , and take a picture of the cactus . on the counter be a dozen or so snapshot of the cactus . despite himself , Brian be interested . he glance at the photo . kiersten it 's a cereus . they only bloom at night . brian yeah ? this one 's break . kiersten that 's the point . I be training it to bloom in the daytime . brian hey , y'know what ... he gather up the photo into a stack , sorting they into proper order as he do so . brian if you mount the camera in one place ... upside down -- Brian reverse the stack , hold they by the wide border . brian you could take a bunch of picture and make it like a movie . close on : the flip -book of photo . Brian riffle through it . the plant bloom . kiersten ( impressed ) like time - lapse photography ... 17 . brian yeah . ( beat ) so , you will get I the answer , right ? kiersten scowl , exasperate . Brian put up he hand . brian you can get back to I on that . he be go . kiersten shake she head , then pick up the photo , flip through they . she look up , in the direction Brian leave . ext . road - day Brian shamble along , alone . Todd and Eric , have lain in wait , suddenly appear , burst with some new scheme . eric if you say there 's no monster , then switch room with I . brian what ? eric switch room with I . todd yeah -- you sleep in Eric 's room and he sleep in you room . brian you just want my room . Eric and Todd pause -- then Eric jump back in step with Brian . eric nuh-uh ... I want you to prove I wrong . I dare you to switch room . todd ( advise Eric ) double dare he . eric ( certain that this be the clincher ) I doubledare you to switch room . brian not interested . 18. Eric and Todd stop walk , fall behind as they exchange a disappointed look . Eric have a inspiration . he hurry back up to Brian ; Todd do , too . eric I will pay you . Brian cock a eyebrow . int . eric' bedroom - night the door , propel by a kick , slam open . the kick leave a large scuff mark . Brian plod in , set down a large wicker laundry basket . Eric hold he own cover in he arm . eric you have to stay the whole night . and you gotta sleep with you leg stick out of the cover . and with the door close . brian ( deadpan ) oh , stop . you be frightening I . on top of the bedding in the basket be a shoe - box lid which contain Brian 's pocketwatch and paraphernalia . he lift it out and set in on Eric 's small desk , sit down -- pebbles click - clatter off the window . Eric go over and raise the sash . ext . stevenson house - night Todd , hold a sleep bag , stand in a spill of moonlight . todd hey Eric ! eric hey Todd ! good thing you make it -- ( louder , for Brian 's benefit ) I think he 's gonna bail ! todd yeah , we will make sure he will not ! eric so get up here ! use the trellis . Todd regards the trellis . ivy snake in and out of it , the trellis climb the wall , stretch up past Eric 's window , far up the side of the house . 19 . todd ...naw ... it look kinda high up . I will meetcha at the door . he 's go , off around the house . int . eric' bedroom Eric turn from the window , dash out , almost collide with Glen in the hallway . eric gonna let Todd in . glen hold on . ( address they both ) do either of you have the good scissors ? they be miss again . Eric 's eye widen . he look at the bed , then back at Brian significantly . Brian grimace , shake he head . brian no . glen well , if you run across they , put they back where they belong . Eric nod and take off . Brian turn back to the watch . Glen step forward , watch over Brian 's shoulder . close on the watch as Brian , use a jeweler 's screwdriver , tighten a mechanism . he release a tiny lever . Minute gear spin ; tick can be hear , distinct from the soft whirring . glen you get it run ! Brian grin as Glen pick up the watch , examine it . glen grandpa would be happy . you have he mechanical touch . it must skip a generation . Brian 's smile turn a little sad . Glen hand the watch back . Brian place it on the table , in the watch stand . glen I want to tell you , Brian ... what you be do here be nice -- ( more ) 20 . glen ( cont would ) switch room with you brother , so he will not be scared . ( beat ) I be count on you to see this through . no night frights . okay ? Brian nod . int . attic room - night Eric and Todd climb the stair into Brian 's room , intimidate but pleased . Todd 's shoe thunder on the stair . Eric survey the disassembled stuff on Brian 's worktable . he reach for a electric train -- brian ( o.s. ) do not touch that ! Brian step forward , take the train , set it back down . brian you can use the bed , and you can walk from the bed to the door and back , and that 's it . Brian grab the pillow off he stripped bed , turn to leave . he stop at the stair . brian you can touch my light -- but only to turn it off . ( beat ) and no fart contest . int . eric' bedroom - night Brian stop in the doorway , stare at the bed . in a decisive move he turn out the light , force himself to walk calmly to the bed and sit on the edge . he jerk he leg up , lie down . Brian look at it , then pull it in a bit . he lie back , close he eye . brian ( as derisively as he can manage ) ... monster . slowly , smoothly , as if with a mind of its own , the foot slip back into the safety of the cover . 21 . int . eric' bedroom - later the waxing moon shine brightly . Brian come awake with a start . he tilt he head , listen -- muffle , indistinct sound of laughter can be hear , fade quickly to silence . puzzle , frown , Brian start to swing a leg out of bed . he stop -- think -- then push the cover away from he until they touch the floor , cover the space beneath the bed . a long step , and Brian be safely in the middle of the room . he go to the door , keep a eye on the bed , unable to see beneath it -- the cover block he view . int . hallway Brian sidle out of the door , listen - - he hear a muffle voice , and move silently toward it , to the vent in the wall by the attic stair . the voice become clearer as he near : todd ( o.s. ) ( low and scary - like ) so she go out , and five minute go by , then ten ... ( Brian reach the vent ) so the girl 's wait for she roommate to get back , and she 's get real scared ... int . attic room the vent be flush to the floor . Todd be in he mummy bag , only he face visible , sit across from Eric . the tensor lamp be the campfire between the two , the gooseneck bent down so that the lip of the shade nearly touch the floor . todd ( low and scary - like ) -- oh , yeah , the room 's on the second floor - - so she 's wait , and suddenly , from outside , she hear ' thump-thump ... thump-thump .' so she get real brave and she sneak over to the door and she hear it again : ' thump - thump ... thump-thump !' int . hallway Brian raise one eyebrow , listen . 22. int . attic room todd and so she open the door and she scream ' cause she see she roommate come up the stair -- only the ax - man cut off all she arm and leg and she 's draggin ' herself up by she chin ' thump - thump ... thump-thump !' Todd , in he mummy bag , writhes on the floor , impressively depict the predicament of the limbless roommate . eric ...wow ... int . hallway Brian shake he head , disbely . todd ( o.s. ) it happen to a girl a friend of my cousin know . Brian think . he hit the riser in front of he with the palm of he hand : ' thump-thump ... thump - thump . ' all sound from upstairs cease . Brian grin darkly . int . eric' bedroom Brian come through the door -- and stop dead in he track . the bedcover have be throw all the way back , away from the floor , onto the mattress -- they lie in a long pile against the wall . Brian stare . the black inkiness of the under - the-b gape at he . Brian lower himself into a half -stoop , half - crouch , peer into the darkness . be there something there ? Brian throw a look at the desk -- the stand be empty ; he pocketwatch be go . Brian 's eye go wide . he look -- and see it under the bed , just on the edge of the shadow . Brian reach he hand up along the door frame to the light switch . he flip the switch -- and a monstrous , horrific , chilling howl come from right behind he . Brian spin in the still - dark room . a blue glow flicker behind the door . 23. int . attic room Todd jump back from the stair , bump into Eric . eric ( step back ) ( panicked ; a hiss ) what be that ? todd ( another step back ) I dunno. ( futilely optimistic that Eric will do it ) go find out . Eric consider this . eric no . int . eric' bedroom Brian force himself toward the blue glow and noise . he reach for the knob , yank the door back , stare into -- -- the family 's 25 " diagonal television set , sit on its side , plugge into the switch socket , tune to a sctv rerun feature Count floyd . Brian snap off the light switch ( shutting off the set ) and whirl , ducking to look under - the-b . the watch chain become taut -- the watch be pull smoothly out of view , into the deep shadow under the bed . close on Brian , a cold sweat on he forehead , all doubt drain from he face : Eric be right . int . hallway Brian dart he head out ; a light shine from beneath he parent ' door . Brian 's eye go wide with anticipatory dread -- and then the light go out . Brian slump , relieved , then snap a look back over he shoulder into the room -- int . eric' bedroom Brian tilt the tv set down onto the throw rug . int . hallway the television set slide heavily down the hall atop the throw rug pull by Brian . 24 . int . stairwell Brian grapples with the set , control its roll one step at a time , top -to-side - to-bottom - to -side , down the stair . int . live room Brian push the set into place . he adjust it slightly . his gaze -- almost against he will -- be draw back up to the ceiling , in the direction of Eric 's room . dissolve to : int . live room - morning close on Brian , asleep but not comfortably so . a hand reach , grab Brian 's shoulder , shake he . eric ( o.s. ) hey , Brian ! you okay ? Brian start awake -- for a moment really scared . then he place himself . he have spend the night on the couch , use a dropcloth as a blanket ; also in the room be paint can , roller , and a ladder . Eric and Todd stand over Brian , gloat . todd I guess this mean we get we money back . eric what happen ? do the monster come ? Brian ignore the question - - he examine the t.v. todd maybe it cut out he tongue . eric that 's cat . todd no , they just get it . monster cut them out and wear them on a necklace . Brian remote control the t.v. : the open theme of the bug Bunny / roadrunner show play ( ' no more rehearse or cursing we part / we know every part by heart ' ) . 25 . todd look like you get two weird thing in you house , Eric . a monster ... and a giant chicken . Brian stare at the screen . wile . E. coyote , supergenius , at a draft table , t-square fly , create a blueprint for bug Bunny 's destruction : a rube goldbergian trap . eric it 's a wash . he 's not talk . on screen , wile E. feverishly build that trap . Brian 's mouth curl into a smile . without look away , to Eric : brian I be sleep in you room again tonight . Eric and Todd look at each other wide - eye . brian build he trap - series of shot A. Brian measure the clearance under Eric 's bed , jot it down . B . at the side of the house , Brian brace he mangle bike between he knee , strain to remove the sprocket -- it give , and Brian clunk himself in the forehead . he rub the bump , then start on the handbrake . C . a sign on a chain drape across a dirt - pack access road read ' municipal dump - close . ' Beyond it , Brian hike toward the dump , bookpack over he shoulder . D. heaps of refuse blot out the horizon . Brian spot something , wrestle it out : the aluminum support frame of a old rock horse . he test the tension of one of the four large spring hang from the upright . they will do . E. Holly , Glen , and Eric divide they attention between they partially - emptied plate and Brian , who be wolfing down the remainder of he dinner . Brian finish he milk , and without set he glass down -- brian May I please be excuse . before the response , he be gather up he dish . f. Eric 's bed be support by a stack of book . Brian loosen a leg bolt with a crescent wrench . G . by the last light of the day , Brian secure the pedal and gear to the front of the bed . he crank the pedal around ( not unlike start a model - T ) pull the leg out , expand the spring until the castor be against the ground . 26 . brian ( sing softly ) ' roadrunner ... the coyote 's after you ... ' H. Brian 's hand squeeze the brake handle . he snap a rubber band around it , and double it . the handle stay squeeze . Brian pull out the book . the bed stay up . brian ( speak ) ' roadrunner ... if he catch you -- you be through . ' int . eric' bedroom - night Brian lie in bed in the dark room , awake , wait . the door open . it be Holly . her work shirt be speckle with paint -- so be she hair and she hand . holly Brian ? be you awake ? brian yeah . holly Eric ask I to give this to you . she hold out the flashlight . Brian take it from she . holly ( slightly question ) he say that tonight , he want you to have it . Brian let this go by . Holly smile , go to the door . brian Mom ? she turn . brian ( like he 's say goodbye ) I love you . holly ( puzzle , but pleased ) I love you , too . she pull the door shut . her footfalls recede ; the hall light go out . there be the sound of a door close . 27 . preparing the bedroom - series of shot a . the bedcover be throw back in a dramatic swoop by Brian . revealed beneath be he monster -hunting gear : a pocketknife , the alarm clock , a spool of 150 lb test fishing line , a hockey stick and a big bag of dorito ( nacho cheese ) . B. Brian strain to be quiet as he slide the dresser across the floor , in front of the walk - in- closet door . c. Brian crisscross the fishing line around the room . he tie one end to the hammer - guard of the alarm clock . D . at the door , he disassemble and remove the inside knob , leave the hall - face knob and bolt in place . E . he wedge a two - by-four against a piece of plywood that cover the heating vent . F . Brian lay down , the hockey stick , knife , and flashlight beside he , on the wall side . he adjust they position . he make a few practice grab , quick . he be ready . int . the bedroom - later moonlight filter through the window . Brian wait , munch dorito as quietly as possible . he have a inspiration . he scatter dorito around the perimeter of the bed . experimentally , he lean down and make a ' little man ' with he hand and walk it toward the chip . his finger step on a chip , result in a crunching sound . Brian smile . int . the bedroom - much later Brian be not go to make it . the alarm clock tick away , hypnotically . Brian be right on the edge of sleep . crunch . Brian pull the blanket tighter . crunch crunch . Brian 's eye open , but he do not move . more crunch . Brian turn he head s-l -o- w-l-y , look as far out of the corner of he eye as possible . the crunching pause , then turn into the unmistakable sound of chomping . whatever be out there , it sure like dorito ( nacho cheese ) . Brian stealthily reach one hand down to he knife . he position the handbrake , wait . he do not breath . the alarm clock be trigger ; it ring . Brian cut the rubber band . the brake pad open . the rope release . sprocket spin . Springs snap . the trap work ; the bed collapse , slamm to the floor ; Brian spin , the flashlight in he hand and on -- 28 . the beam catch something rush straight towards Brian , straight for the under - the -bed ; a brief impression of yellow eye -- then it be go , back into the dark . Brian snap the light across the room , almost catch something in the peripheral of the beam . the alarm , ringing shrilly throughout , begin to whir down . Brian make long sweeping arc with the flashlight , systematically cover the room . nothing . the alarm be spend . silence . Brian peer into the dark . a shape rise up behind he . Brian become aware of it just as a arm slap across he chest -- Brian shout , and a instinctive jerk become a passable judo throw , propelling the shape over he shoulder to the floor . snap the flashlight around in a two -hande pistol - grip , Brian pin the shape in the beam -- and the room light go on . Brian look over ; Glen be stand in the doorway . brian dad ! the monst -- the word stop as Brian look back at what be in he beam : a innocuous pile of clothes : t-shirt , jeans , and sweater , all slightly yellowish in tint -- and one ratty red bathrobe ... and a Washington Senators baseball cap . Brian 's eye go wide . brian --er ... close on Glen as he eye track from one corner of the room to another , he expression go from tired annoyance to shock to disbelief to wide - awake anger . he focus on Brian , on the collapse bed , flashlight out in front of he , one foot on the floor . Brian shift he weight slightly ; a chip crunch . glen Christ , Brian -- I be count on you ... ( beat ) I give up . Brian , intimidate by Glen 's forcefulness , start to feel bad , but then remember : brian wait a minute ! I ... there be -- 29 . glen a monster ? it 's a pile of clothes , for chrissake . he kick the clothes . unseen by Glen , two fold in the clothes open like eyelid and stare up hatefully . Brian 's eye widen . glen the next time you leave you room will be the first time you vote . Brian be speechless . he rub he eye , look at the clothes . they look normal . brian but -- Glen snap off the light and reach for the door knob ; it come off in he hand . he give Brian one more glare , then pull the door shut . Brian swallow , keep the light unsteadily on the clothes . he stretch for the hockey stick . cautiously , he jab the stick into the clothes , barely . nothing happen . he give the clothes a good poke . that do it . the sleeve snap the hockey stick out of he hand , across the room . Brian half - leap , half - sprawl back ; he lose the flashlight . the clothes gather in on themselves , start to change -- Brian slam the laundry basket over the clothes pile , throw he body on top of it . the basket force itself up off the floor . Brian be pitch hard , heel - over -head , to the ground . the basket continue to rise . Brian gape as the thing become visible : long , flat foot with extraordinarily long toe . a yellowish hand curl out from under the lip of the basket and throw it off . the monster from under the bed glower at Brian , eye aglow with malevolent intelligence . the ratty old red bathrobe still exist ; the monster wear it with a certain panache . he grin , face split in half , revealing jag row of tooth . his name be maurice . maurice boo . Brian stifles a scream . he grab the rug and pull hard . the monster 's foot go out from under he ; he land on he back . Brian scramble away , onto the bed , pull in he ankle as a claw - like hand slashes down , make four rag tear in the mattress . Brian leap over the monster , run for the door . 30 . the knob have be remove ; the door will not open . Brian look despairingly at he own handiwork , lunge for the window . halfway across the room , fishing line wrap around Brian 's ankle , the still - attach alarm clock act as weight for the makeshift bolo . the monster , grin , reel Brian in . Brian reach , desperately try to extricate he leg . work frantically , inch out of reach , Brian get loose from the line . he roll away , grab up the hockey stick . the monster look down at the clock dangle at the end of the line . the minute hand be nearly straight up . Brian see the monster throw a look at the window . Dawn wash the sky . the monster drop the clock and rush for the bed . Brian , think fast , leap between the monster and the bed , brandish the stick . the monster pull up short . the two gauge each other . for all its ugliness , the monster be not much taller than Brian . it raise its claw . brian I will scream . maurice that 's good -- let 's both scream . let 's get you dad back in here . the monster take a deep breath -- then let it out in a gasp as Brian slug he in the stomach . brian ( a hiss ) shaddup . the monster raise a hand , take some time to recover . maurice ( gasp ) whoa , time out ... Brian pause ... then see that the monster be furtively edging toward the bed . Brian glance out the window . he see the lighting sky , smile . he step in front of the bed . brian yeah . why do not we just wait ? the monster recover amazingly fast , growl and feint , ramming Brian out of the way with a shoulder . he make it to the bed -- just as the sun edge over the horizon . the monster slip he finger in under the bed frame and pull up . his finger pass through the box-spre and mattress -- he hand have become two -dimensional , intangible . 31 . Brian jump onto the mattress . the monster panic . Brian lever the stick between the bed and the monster , pries he away . the monster try to move , but he now - intangible foot have no purchase . he fall , hand inch from the bed . a gradient effect , beginning at the monster 's fingertip , turn he from yellow to gray to black , transform he into he own shadow . Brian stare as the arm and leg flatten . brian what 's happen ? maurice what d' you think ? brian you be die . the sunlight -- you be a vampire ! maurice ( gasp ) puh-leez . no such thing ... as vampire ... gotta get back under the bed ... brian no way . you wreck my bike . you steal my watch . you be pull stuff , try to get I in trouble . maurice ( hurt ; defensive ) that 's my job . Brian suck on he lower lip , think . he look toward the window . the sun have almost clear the horizon . maurice what , you never do anything just for a laugh ? maurice 's eye , wide and plead , lock with brian' . the two gaze at each other , until finally the monster 's eyelid drop close . brian damn . Brian sigh at he victory turn hollow . with both hand , he raise a corner of the bed , watch the monster , not at all sure if it will do any good . maurice 's eye open slightly . his gaze flicker to the bed ; he try to move but can not . strain to hold the bed up , Brian put he arm around maurice 's still - solid torso and push he into the shadow . 32 . Brian let the bed drop . he collapse to the floor . suddenly , the bed lift , raise away from the floor like a trapdoor . Brian jump back . the monster , fully recover and quite pleased , hold the bed easily above he head with one arm . he look like he be stand waist deep in a inky pool . his gaze flicker to the window -- just as the sun clear the horizon , he grin a yellow grin at Brian . maurice ( confidentially ) Brian - - ( beat ) ' catch ya later . he disappear , the bed drop to the floor . int . stevenson home - hallway - day in the master bedroom , Glen sit at a desk cover with bill , a printing calculator and the check book . Holly hold a invoice . the tone of the argument be not harsh -- just hard . glen it 's certainly the liberal solution to a problem . throw money at it . holly well , since I seem to be responsible for get this place fix up -- glen when we make the decision to live here , we know it mean a lot of work . holly for both of we . glen I be commute four hour a day . do you think I enjoy that ? holly you do not seem to enjoy much of anything nowadays . glen ( move to shut the door ) maybe there 's not that much to enjoy . 33. down the hall , Brian step out of Eric 's room with the laundry basket . Glen spot he . glen where do you think you be go ? brian I finish clean . I be go back up to my room . glen well , get there and stay there . Glen shut the door . a beat ; Brian turn to the stair . int . attic room - night Brian lie on he back , wide awake , stare up into the darkness . suddenly , another one of Eric 's scream pierce the silence . Brian start , then frown , a little scared . a pause . maurice ( o.s. ) ( from under the bed ) Brian ...hey , Brian . Brian 's eye go a little wider . he do not move . maurice ( o.s. ) yo! Brian ! I be back ! why would you switch room again with that whiffleball ? you know he suck he thumb ? ( beat ) C 'mon , I know you be up there . I can hear you hold you breath . Brian begin breathe again . maurice ( o.s. ) okay , fine . here -- I bring you something . a thing land on Brian 's chest . he squirm out from under it . maurice ( o.s. ) catch ya ' later ! a clatter from below , and then silence . Brian gingerly pick up maurice 's gift , hold it up into a spill of moonlight : he grandfather 's pocketwatch . surprise , he look down over the side of the bed . nothing . ext . school - playground - kickball diamond - day a kickball game in progress . ronnie be on second base ; Brian be the catcher . 34 . a lanky red-headed girl kick a grounder . ronnie round third and head for home . Brian , in the baseline , wait for the throw . ronnie accelerate , lower he shoulder and slam into Brian , send he sprawling in the dirt . ronnie stand up , grin at Brian , turn toward he dugout . the throw from first roll in . Brian pick it up . with deadly aim , he hurl the ball as hard as he can , nail ronnie in the back of the head . ronnie stumble , recover , spin . brian you do not hit the plate . you be outta -- ronnie have already launch himself at Brian , and the two go down into the dust amid shout of ' fight ! fight ! ' ext . stevenson home - driveway - day Brian get out of the car , walk toward the house , the condemn man escort to the chair -- by Glen and Holly . glen I want to know why you throw the ball at he in the first place . brian to get he out . holly no mouth , Brian . the principal say the game be over , and then you throw it . glen Christ . a new school , and more fight . do you have any idea how disappointed we be in you ? ( he open the front door ) you be never go to get out of you room . a look of pure anger cross Brian 's face as he go inside . int . attic room - day Brian trudge up the stair , to he desk . he dig into he pocket , pull out the pocketwatch , flip it open -- -- piece of shattered crystal rain down . Brian be shocked : the crystal be go , the case dent ... the hand still . the benign Sun be freeze , peek out of the wedge . 35 . Brian grip the watch , fist go white - knuckle -- he spin to throw it against the wall , stop . a deep breath . he sit down , start to take the watch apart , blink back tear . int . attic room - later Brian be asleep , he head on the desk . just the desk lamp be on . suddenly the bulb shatter , throw the room into darkness , snap Brian awake . he whirl -- maurice stand silhouett in moonlight , twirling a slingshot by the elastic . he hitches he Senators cap back on he head . maurice the name 's maurice , but back home they call I ' Dead -eye . ' Brian scrabble for the light switch he have rig to a bunch of extension cord -- he flip it -- light flood the room : two shadeless floor lamp , super - 8 movie lamp , mechanic 's light , the overhead light ; extension cord criss - cross the floor ; a string of miniature Christmas light circle the room , blink , casting color shadow . maurice disappear . the slingshot clatter onto the floor beside the same pile of clothes from before . brian it 's like when you eyeball get bigger when it get darker . if the light go on , you turn into clothes . right ? maurice ( like he mouth be fill with cotton ) oh , c'mon - - we do the man-versus - monster thing to death all ready . brian go away . do not bother I anymore , or Eric . I get enough problem without you sneaking around . ( beat ; it register ) maurice ? maurice that 's my name , do not wear it out . c'mon , Brian . I give back the watch . Brian consider . he flip the switch ; the light go off . maurice re-form into he bipedal self . he pocket he slingshot , spy the watch . 36 . maurice hey -- I do not return it in that condition . what happen ? brian ronnie coleman break it . maurice tsk . what kind of person have no respect for other people 's property ? brian you steal it ! maurice so call you lawyer . how would it happen ? brian what 's it to you ? ronnie smashed it , and then I get in trouble . ( beat ) I always get in trouble , and I do not do anything ! maurice ( amaze ) you get in trouble , and you do not do anything ? brian no . maurice you let they get away with it ? brian huh ? maurice pull a pack of lucky strike out of he pocket , shake one out , light it one - hand from a matchbook . maurice Brian , you have come to the right place . I can help you . I can get you what you want . he blow smoke across the match , extinguish it . brian ( a little greedy ) what ? you mean -- like wish ? maurice wish be strictly bush - league leprechaun , pal . I be a monster . monster do not do wish . 37 . brian what do ... monster do ? maurice ( impart a great secret ) revenge . he wait , smile smugly . Brian be less than enthuse . maurice oh , come on -- revenge ! you know , get back , even - up , tit-for-tat , retribution in the best Old Testament sense ! Vengeance . ( beat ) revenge ! Brian raise a eyebrow , one corner of he mouth twitching into a grin . maurice seize on this . maurice okay . this ronnie guy . Big kid , slack jaw , hair like a whisk broom ? brian ( sullen agreement ) serious chromosome damage . maurice right ! I know he ! he 's in my district . I can get he for you . Brian be start to get into this . brian yeah ? how ? maurice hold up one finger ( ' allow I to demonstrate ' ) , and slide beneath the bed with a flourish . brian ronnie coleman 's under my bed ? maurice no ... but under you bed be the way to under ronnie coleman 's bed . brian aah -- you will not do it . maurice Brian - - you gotta learn to trust people . besides , it 's not like you could come with I ... 38 . Brian 's eye light up . he look toward the bed . the forbidden beckon . maurice ...noooo , oh , no . forget it . wrong. totally unprecedented . Brian be grin , now . maurice I be joke . it be a joke . you be not allow down there . you could get hurt . ( beat ; sinister ) I could strand you . Brian frown , then lean toward maurice . brian you will not do that , ' cause I be take this . he brandish the flashlight . maurice whoa , there , Thunder - - no light . definitely not allow . Brian flick on the light , angle it toward he menacingly . maurice hey . bring that along , why dontcha ? brian let 's go . maurice you be sure now ... Brian hesitates , then grin tightly , every late - night Charles bronson film of the last five year replaying in he mind . brian let 's nail that toad to the wall . maurice y'know ... you be my kinda guy . maurice lift the bed . maurice after you . Brian kneel . look at maurice , dubious . he extend he hand into the darkness . it do not go through the solid floor . 39 . maurice oh , yeah , that 's right . we gotta go together . dull people can not do it . use one hand to support the bed , maurice grab Brian 's arm , help he in . Brian , tentative , expect to contact floor , be startle to find none . he lose he balance , plunge straight through the shadow ; from below come a thud . maurice ( call to Brian ) good. ( a sinister smile ) Real good . he disappear into the shadow . the bed thwomp to the floor . int . under -the - bed - attic stair Brian pick himself up off the ground . he be next to a close door , at the bottom of a narrow , steep staircase that lead up to the rectangle shadow of the bed . maurice skitter down the staircase to he . Brian panic , search the floor beside he . maurice lose something ? maurice dangle the flashlight from one finger . Brian grab it . maurice pull open the door , step out into int . under -the - bed - hallway Brian peer down the hall -- the end , if any , be lose in the distance . Doors be scattered along the wall ; some reach high with low - set knob ; other be short ; there be dutch door and french door and door that hang crooked , but still shut tight . the wall loom , seemingly on the verge of collapse in on themselves . the dark mahogany wainscot and dark red wallpaper swallow the light from the tiny flicker gas lamp near the ceiling . Brian step into this . his jaw be slack . a fray red runner cut a swath down the polished black floor . maurice be already move down the stairway . he realize Brian be not with he , stop . maurice yo! Brian ! let 's move them out ! we be burn nightlight , pard ! Brian start slowly , then hurry to catch up to maurice . 40 . int . under -the - bed - stairwell Brian gasp . the hallway have end ; they be at the bottom of a huge well . archway lead to other hallway ; above , there be tier of landing run around the circumference , and more hallway . further up , the landing droop and twist , whole section tear away , until there be just black . in the center of the well be a massive staircase , spiralling up , offshoot connect the landing . it continue far up , finally stand alone , dilapidate , too impossibly high to support its own weight -- but it do . and there , at a dizzying height , it end at a small landing , at a pair of tall door , seemingly suspend in the darkness . Brian grab maurice 's robe . brian ( a croak ) where be we ? maurice hm ? oh ...we go one flight up , and it 's the third door on the leave . he head up the stair . Brian hang onto the robe , eye wide , let maurice lead he on . int . stairwell - ronnie' stair a wrought-iron circular stairway disappear into the bed-shape black area . maurice here we be . brian but -- but ronnie life clear over by Lake skopski . how ..? maurice ( a little smug ) Magic . maurice climb the stair into the shadow , disappear from the shoulder up ; Brian follow , bump he head , unable to go through . maurice reach down and pull he up by the collar . int . ronnie' room - night maurice and Brian look for all the world like two decapitate head sit on the floor under a bed . they whisper : brian this be somebody else 's house ! 41 . maurice no duh -- where would ya park the squad car , Dick Tracy ? it 's ronnie coleman 's bedroom . brian ...bitchin ' ... Movement from above startles Brian ; a ankle flop down , hang in front of he face . a beat , and he reach for it -- but maurice grab he wrist . maurice wait -- too primitive . good instinct , though . hmm , now ... what deviltry to perpetrate tonight ? a banshee wail , perhaps ? ( he run a scale , cough ) ...mm , maybe not ... lessee ... we gotta watch we step here . every night like clockwork this dingus get up to go to the bathroom . I almost get catch once plant cigarettes in he bookbag . brian ( thoughtful ) what time do he usually get up ? maurice shove he cap back , cock a eyebrow ... then grin . int . ronnie' room - later ronnie snurfles awake . groggily , he stretch and sit up -- -- and the sheet yank tight , slamm ronnie back onto the mattress , pin he arm . he struggle mightily , try to get up -- the sheet snap taut and he be pin again . maurice and Brian grin like mad at each other across the bedshadow as they strain to keep ronnie pin . ronnie Mom ! dad ! help ! Brian almost let go of he side -- but maurice put a hand out in a ' not yet ' gesture . maurice ( he most horrible voice ) scream will only make it worse ... ronnie squirm half -heartedly . the fear be numb . 42 . ronnie I gotta get up ... maurice nudge Brian , indicate it 's he turn . Brian shake he head ' no ' ; maurice egg he on . brian ( screechy old - type voice ) if he get up , I get he toe . you can eat the rest . maurice look at Brian : ' that 's disgusting . ' Brian shrug ; it be just a first attempt . above , ronnie give up the struggle ; he grimace in humiliation . a tear squeeze out of one eye , roll down he cheek -- -- the door open ; the light go on . ronnie 's dad , a solid man with a iron-grey brush cut , step into the empty room . mr. coleman I gotta be to work early , this better be good -- Mr. coleman see the wet stain on the bed sheet . mr. coleman ( quiet ) dammit . dammit , ron , I think you would whipped this bedwetting thing . you be almost a man , and -- ronnie I could not move , dad ... I could not move my arm , I could not get up ... int . under -the - bed - ronnie' stair where Brian and maurice crouch . Brian 's eye be bright as he listen : so this be power . maurice watch Brian listen . mr. coleman ( o.s. ) ( sounding more defeat than ronnie ) get up and change you sheet . clean yourself up . we will talk about this later . ronnie ( o.s. ) ...yes , sir ... int . under -the - bed - hallway the hall stretch long and deep . Far off , Brian and maurice cavort away . they high - five , laugh , and continue on . 43. int . attic room - near dawn with maurice 's help , Brian pull himself out from under the bed . he look back in at maurice , exhilated . brian man , that be great ! maurice yeah -- you be a natural , kid . brian thanks -- maurice so whaddaya say , bri ? tomorrow night . same bed -time ? same bed - channel ? Brian 's immediate impulse be to say ' yes , ' but he stifles himself to give it some think . maurice you. me. moonlight . Magic . c'mon , Brian -- take a walk on the wild side . that 's it . Brian grin -- and maurice grab he hand , shake it jive - style : normal , thumb clasp , wrist clasp , slap five , fist - tap , thumb clasp variation lead to ascend birdy . maurice ' catch ya later . and he be go . ext . school - playground - drinking fountain - day ronnie , sweat and dusty , bend to take a drink . brian careful there , ronnie . you would not want to splash any . people might think you have a ... accident . ronnie straighten , murder in he eye . Brian lean against the wall . other kid , include craig , wait in line . ronnie if I want any of you lip , stevenson , I would take it off my zipper . 44 . brian ( aside , to Craig ) it 's in he permanent record . I see it . blew I away . imagine ... ronnie coleman - - a bedwetter . whoa , reality check . ronnie shut up , stevenson . that 's a lie . more kid gather like shark smell blood . craig he wet the bed ? brian ( nodd ) his dad 's very upset about it . ronnie shut up ! too late ; in the eye of he peer , ronnie be already guilty . Brian push away from the wall and stroll out through the crowd , say to Craig as he go by : brian ask he about the rubber sheet . the kid sense the kill . face beam with grim pleasure , crowd in , obscure Brian as he saunter off . craig rubber sheet ! Brian smile and do not look back . int . stevenson home - attic room - night Brian wait , impatient . he jiggle he foot out over the edge of the bed , bait for maurice . finally , maurice appear . brian maurice ! it be great ! he be die out there ! maurice cool you jet , okay ? let 's go . int . under -the - bed - MAIN chamber Brian rush out ahead of maurice -- -- and collide with billy , a monster wear cross toy gunbelt . billy drop a box , and dozen of doll head , arm and leg -- barby , g.i. joe , baby tear -- spill out . 45 . a barbie-head come to rest near maurice 's foot . he pick it up . billy hey ! you stupid ..! that 's mine ! billy grab the head from maurice , and scurries around the hall , pick up the part . maurice usher Brian away . maurice doll dismemberment be so small time . no finesse , y'know ? brian ( agog ) there 's more than one of you ? maurice sure - -hey , I be good , but get real . we divvy thing up by school district . lucky you -- you be in mine . they pass a monster , mary jane ; Brian swivel he head , stare at she : she wear a flannel nightgown , Mary jane , and be cut up a very elegant evening gown . she drop the scissors and hold up a string of very elegant paper doll . int . under -the - bed - storeroom High wooden shelf line narrow aisle . there be one whole shelf of stuff animal lie on they back wear toe-tag , a purloin plush - toy morgue . maurice move along expertly , put thing into a canvas bag : a roller skate , a stale taco guacamol to a paper plate , a tupperware container of mud . Brian step into the room tentatively , intrigue by the content of the various bin . he peer into one , blink . he reach in , pull out a dead goldfish , hold it gingerly between he finger . he look to maurice for a explanation . maurice Dead goldfish . take the live one out of the tank , float this sucker in belly - up , and there 's one kid who feel really bad and get a lecture on pet responsibility to boot . Nice little double - whammy item . Brian toss the fish back into the bin . a large chest be on the floor . he open it . it be fill with ballpoint pen , key , sunglass , claim stub , earring ( singles ) , lighter . 46 . Brian paw through it , puzzle -- then the light dawns , and he laugh . maurice grin , pick out a pair of dark glass . maurice ( give Brian the glass ) here . at least pretend you be cool . Brian put they on . he peer around the room . brian it 's kind of dark ... he take a few step -- and bump into the wall . he take the glass off sheepishly , stow they in he shirt pocket , and something else catch he eye : a stack of dirty magazine . Brian take the top one off the stack , page through it . brian wow ... you get to look at all this ? maurice yeah . no big deal . brian I find a copy of playboy when I be trash-digging once -- it be great . Boy , my mom -- a idea hit he . he close the magazine , roll it up and stick it in he back pocket . brian there 's a stop I wanna make . int . todd be room - night maurice watch from under the bed as Brian slide the magazine into the top dresser drawer , shut it . on the way into the shadow , he grin down at Todd 's sleep form . brian explain that to you mom . int . house # 1 - service porch - night Brian pay close attention as maurice , use a sneaker on he hand , track mud across the floor , dip into the tupperware container , examine he handiwork like a artist . 47 . int . house # 2 - live room - night methodically , Brian switch record into the wrong sleeve -- then return they to the rack , out of order . maurice appear in the doorway to the kitchen , and he hold up : maurice ta-da ! the good scissors ! first we make them dull ... ( cut at a table leg ) then , we hide the evidence . ( hide they under a couch cushion ) not bad , huh ? perfected this little technique myself . he turn to head out , but remember something . maurice oh , yeah -- you would better check you couch when you get home . int . donleavy twin be room - night maurice scramble out from under a infant bed ; Brian come out from a identical one across the room . one headboard read kyle , the other nathan . maurice hurry to he work . maurice here . hold this . he put Kyle into Brian 's arm , lift Nathan out and put he over in Kyle 's bed . Brian look worriedly down at Kyle . maurice take Kyle and set he into Nathan 's bed . maurice look from one bed to the other . he wring he hand and laugh a fiendish mad-scientist ' mu-u-uwahhahah ' laugh . int . house # 3 - top of stair - night maurice carefully position the roller skate on a step , angle it just so , sighting along it . Pov - maurice , along the skate , through the toe strap . it center on a barrel cactus in a tub ... then move across to a china cabinet . it waver back toward the cactus -- then decisively fix on the china cabinet . target sighted . maurice smile . Brian come out of the bathroom . brian ( sinisterly pleased ) I do not flush it -- and leave the seat up . 48 . maurice ( clap he on the back ) I like it . Brian grin at the praise . ext . school - playground - day hectic recess activity : run , shouting , ball - dodging . Brian sit in the shade of the building , away from it all . he pull out the sunglass from maurice , put they on . int . alaine' house - kitchen - night maurice and Brian pig out . Brian eat the middle of the oreo cookie and dump the chocolate cookie outside back into the jar . maurice chow down chocolate cake . brian ( through cookie ) ... want some milk ? -- and he open the refrigerator door . Light spill out and maurice drop out of frame with a ' fwump . ' Brian look over at where maurice last stand -- then look down . on the floor be the pile of clothes , a cake slice on top . brian ... sorry . Brian reach in and unscrew the fridge light bulb . maurice be once again stand there , wiping cake off himself . maurice ( a bit miff ) next time wait for I to unplug it . he grab the jug of milk and take a swig , then pass it to Brian , who do the same . maurice upturn the cookie jar , shake crumb onto a paper towel . Brian take another swig , empty the milk jug . he start throw it away -- but maurice take it , recaps it ... and put it back into the refrigerator . maurice always , always put the empty back . maurice fold the crumb towel into a little knapsack , leave . Brian follow , lose a oreo from he handful , not notice . 49 . int . alaine' room - night Brian slip back under the bed . maurice follow , snap the paper towel , raining cookie crumb onto the girl 's sheet . int . stevenson home - kitchen - morning Brian , dark ring under he eye , not real alert , hold he bookpack , stand just inside the swinging - shut kitchen door . brian I miss the bus . holly because you oversleep again . I will get my car key . Brian lean against the doorframe , cover a yawn . kide on trial - series of shot the parent ' line run together like a single lecture , anger building . a . a oval -face kid , seven , a expression of total innocence . mom # 1 ( o.s. ) -- and if you think more about the consequence before you do thing -- B. a lanky fifth grader glower out from under long greasy hair . mom # 2 ( o.s. ) -- thing like this would not happen . but no -- I have a kid who 's a idiot -- C . a red - haire girl , eight , absolutely expressionless , save for she quick bird - like blink , regular as a metronome . dad # 1 ( o.s. ) -- if I have tell you once , I tell you a thousand time : do not leave you toy where people can break they neck on them - - stop that blinking ! D. a defensive nine - year-old boy . dad # 2 ( o.s ) now just sit there , shut up and listen . be you try to disappoint we ? the boy start to answer ' no , ' but think better of it . 50 . mom # 3 ( o.s. ) you do not want people to like you , do you ? it 's a load question ; the boy start to say ' yes , ' stop ; he frown , concentrate , try to dope out the right answer . dad # 2 ( o.s. ) answer you mother ! E . a guilty girl , six , sink down in a straight - back chair . mom # 4 ( o.s. ) Fine . be that way . but I be the parent and you be the kid and you be go to sit here until you have decide you be ready to come out and join the rest of we and be a decent human be . off screen , a door slam with a bang ! int . under -the - bed - hallway - near the attic stair a door swing all the way open , flat against the wall . maurice come through , hold a tv remote-control . the door swing back -- revealing a entry way that be not there previously . Brian come through with a arm load of sock . maurice toss the remote- control onto a heaping pile of remote - control . he pull another from a pocket , toss it , pull another , toss , etc. , about a dozen in all . over this : maurice do you get them ? brian yeah . maurice they do not match ? brian of course not . ( rub the mismatch sock on he cheek ) still dryer - soft , too . to one side be a pulley - system clothesline with sock hang from it . Brian pin a sock , pull the line , pin another ; the sock line go off into infinity ... and come back from same . two monster pass by , each lug one end of a grandfather clock . maurice grab Brian by the shirt and haul he away , scatter the arm load of sock . 51 . maurice a ballgame ! c'mon ! int . under -the - bed - MAIN chamber as maurice haul Brian past the clock -carry monster ( who wrestle it up upright ) . there be the unmistakable crack of a bat ; Brian dive away from maurice -- -- as a baseball smashes into the grandfather clock , start it bonging . maurice yo , Brian ! Little help ! Brian stare at the ball in front of he face . he pick up the ball , rise , and see : another angle - MAIN stairwell currently in -use as the play field for a game of indoor monster Baseball . there be monster ' fielder ' : Mary Jane crouch on a endtable , punch she glove , chatter ( ' C 'mon batter c' mon batter swing !' ) ; a fat one be in right , porsche sunglass on , a boom - box blaring rave - up rock ' n 'roll . all over the play field be various breakable object -- lamp , vase , aquarium , television set , baccarat crystal , object d'art , etc . Home plate be a china serve dish . maurice swing two bat -- smash a lamp behind he in the process . he toss one bat away -- another crash off screen . stride toward Brian be spike , a stocky monster in a black chest protector and protective mask . he flip the mask up . spike give I that , and git . no spectator on the field . spike jerk he thumb toward the stair , where a raucous group of fan throw beer can and popcorn box at he . spike all right . imaginary runner on second and third . still two out , no score , top of the third . Brian watch the game as he wander around past the fan . spike pass the mound , toss the ball to the pitcher , a monster wear overall , who wind up . spike , still on he way to the plate , drop to the ground -- the ball whizze past where he head be . maurice line - drive it into a stack stereo system , toppling it . from he prone position : 52 . spike that 's a triple . two run score . the bleacher bum think its a homer , and let he know . maurice tap he bat lightly on home plate , shatter it . spike step up , brushes the fragment away with a whisk broom , put down another plate . out on the field , two groundskeeper monster hurriedly drag away the stereo , replace it with a place glass window . Brian smile , but shake he head , not that interested . he look up the stair , up to the door far above . he put a hand on the bannister . int . under -the - bed - MAIN stairway High above the baseball game . Brian look down , then up at the door , keep climb . int . under -the - bed - MAIN stairwell a line drive rip toward maurice . he raise a sterling silver tray into its path . the ball pwhang into the tray , dent it ; the ball drop ; maurice catch it with he cap . maurice sen-say-tion - al play ! oh , my ! he bow with a flourish . turn proudly toward the stand , search , but can not find Brian . spike ( o.s. ) okay , batter up ! c'mon , we gotta get this stuff upside in a hour ! maurice finally spot Brian 's figure , climb up near the ruin section of landing . maurice oh , shit ! he dash for the stair , ignore the protest behind he . int . under -the - bed - MAIN staircase - landing Brian pick he way up the ruin step . the shadow here be deeper , more envelop . he pull the flashlight out of he back pocket , turn it on . he put a foot on the next step -- a huge yellowish arm , muscle bunching on top of muscle , snap down over he shoulder , tear the flashlight out of Brian 's hand . the light click off . > from the shadow come a voice like razor - sharp icicle . 53. voice bye-bye , Sunshine . a shape loom ; a huge hand grab Brian by the head , and lift he out over the banister , the endless drop below he . Brian grab the thick wrist with both hand . his foot scramble for purchase but find none . maurice ( o.s. ) he 's with I , snik ! and maurice be there , defiant and wary . snik , one menace yellow eye much larger than the other , light glint crazily off they both , glare down at the smaller monster . snik hold Brian without strain -- or a whole lot of concern for Brian 's life . he have the tooth of a shark ; he be hunch over from the weight of he muscle back and shoulder . maurice he 's the new guy . snik look at Brian . his brow furrow . he look at maurice . snik ( indicate the stair ) rule break . ( indicate Brian ) neck break . maurice hop onto the banister , keep he voice low so Brian ( try to swing a leg over snik 's arm ) will not hear . maurice headless people have limited potential , snik . he 's with I . ( snik no comprende ) the boss okay it . remember ? bri-an ste-ven-son ? snik 's eye widen a little ; he gaze flicker towards the upper door . understand flood he face . snik ah ... this be the one ? maurice give snik a dirty look , snap a finger to he lip . snik lift Brian back over the banister -- but do not set he down . snik 's thumb and forefinger cover Brian 's ear . snik too much for you , maurice ? need some help , I think . maurice no , snik . I will take care of he . 54 . snik you would better . snik drop Brian to the floor . maurice help he to he foot , then practically push he down the stair . snik clear he throat for attention . maurice and Brian give it to he . snik hold up the flashlight . he unscrew the end , drop the battery into he hand . he grin , not strain as he crush the battery , the acid drip down he arm . he throw the flashlight and endcap at Brian , who pick they up . snik do not bring it again . Brian . ( display the battery ) or head be next -- Brian . maurice shove Brian around , downstairs , watch snik . snik be pleased with himself . angle - uppermost door , high above this tableau . the door be split ; a dark shape , backlit by flicker light , hunch within , watch . int . under -the - bed - MAIN staircase maurice trundle Brian back toward the archway . Brian jerk out of he grasp . he be a little angry , mostly terrify . brian who be that guy ? he be go to kill I ! maurice ( shaking out a cigarette , find match ) who ? snik ? naaww ! he 's all talk -- and big hand . he 's just grumpy -- and dopey ... and sneezy , too , when the pollen count be high . actually ... he just get up on the wrong side of the bed . ( light cigarette , look toward the bed - shadow ) ' course , down here , we all do . Brian give a small , pain smile . maurice seize on this : with a hearty laugh , he clap Brian on the back -- throw a quick , worried / relieved and unseen - by - Brian look back up the stair -- and guide Brian away . angle - uppermost door the shape draw back into the shadow . the door boom shut -- 55 . int . the bedroom - night -- and as the boom trail away , Eric 's eye open . he look to he window : the wind have pick up -- thunder boom again . Tree branch rattle against the pane . Eric 's eye take in the room warily . int . attic room - night Eric slowly emerge from the stairwell , pause at the top . eric ... Brian ..? no answer . he take a few tentative step into the room . eric ... Brian ? can I have the flashlight ? he move to the bed , reach a hand toward the lump under the cover . he jab the cover . he shake the cover . he pull they , revealing Brian 's pillow , shape into a sleep form . Eric look very worried . ext . school - lunch table - day kiersten be eat lunch with alaine , a dark - haire girl with big eye . Brian , pale and worried , wear sunglass , step forward from out of the shadow . brian kiersten ! I gotta have the answer to the homework . kiersten no way , Jose . she give the sunglass a perplex , unimpress look . Brian pull they off . he squint at the sunlight . brian Mr. Finn say if I get another ' F , ' he 's go to call my folk . c'mon -- just let I borrow the key . kiersten shake she head . brian Mr. Finn will never find out you be steal answer . 56 . kiersten I be not steal answer . brian I will tell Mr. Finn I see you steal answer . alaine ( sarcastic ) oh , like Mr. Finn will believe you over kiersten . Brian look at the two of they . he put on the shade . brian forget it . he walk back into the shadow . kiersten catch up to he . kiersten Brian -- be you feel okay ? you look like you need some sleep . brian do not need sleep . I need answer . kiersten listen , Brian -- I be not go to cheat for you ... but if you want to , I will help you study . Brian turn away . brian I do not need anyone 's help . int . stevenson home - attic room - day the window . Eric 's face appear in it ; he scan the room . Brian lay on the bed , asleep . Eric 's eye widen . ext . stevenson home - day Eric drop the last few foot from the tree beside the house . Todd kick the tree trunk with he shoe , alternate foot . todd what 's he do ? eric sleep . todd oh. bore . 57 . eric it be you idea to run a surveillance . todd how else do we find out what he 's up to ? eric well , we could ask he . todd ( not hearing he ) maybe he 's sleep off a bad bottle of rotgut . ( nodd ) drunk do that . Eric start around the house to the back door . Todd follow . eric he 's not a drunk . he 's be at school all day . when would he drink ? todd have not you see the commercial ? where the kid pour the stuff into a thermos ? eric Brian do not have a thermos . Eric head inside . Todd get a idea . todd Eric ! ( Eric stop at the door ) I know what it be ! eric what ? todd ( he check for listener ) drug . eric ( beat ) get real . he turn , let the door swing shut behind he . Todd come out of he muse in time to catch it and follow Eric inside . todd fact , Eric -- look at the fact ... 58 . int . stevenson home - attic room - night Brian work alone at he desk . he twist on the gold back of he pocketwatch , turn the watch over . the crystal be go , and the sweep second hand be bent , but the watch run . the glaring man-in- the - Moon face fill the wedge . Brian make a ' oh , yeah ! ' gesture , hop up , grin . int . hallway Brian head for he parent room , put he hand on the knob -- halt in he track . glen ( o.s. ) -- so we should have just sell the house . be that it ? use the money to buy something half the size in a worse area . holly ( o.s. ) at least it would have be we house ! but you want to live in you boyhood home -- glen ( o.s. ) we decide to move here -- you be pretty thrilled when dad die and leave we the house -- Brian spin away from the door . int . attic room - night Brian shut off the overhead light . he shut off the light on the night table . a match scratch to life . Brian light a candle . he sit on the bed in the soft glow , turn the watch over and over in he hand , wait for maurice . int . kiersten be room - night kiersten look angelic as she sleep . Brian and maurice slip out from under the bed like mechanic on crawler . brian hey ! that 's kiersten -- from outside come the sudden sound of a small dog yapping . the two jump . they relax when nothing else happen . maurice I do not think everyone hear -- why do not you just call 911 ? Brian ignore he ; he cannot take he eye off kiersten . 59 . maurice so what 's this kiersten chick like ? ( Brian do not answer ) hey ! ( Brian tear he eye away ) so what 's she like ? brian ( offhandedly ) she 's a girl . she 's real smart . she always know the answer , always raise she hand -- maurice -- always have she homework do ? brian yeah ... always . thinks she 's so much smarter than everybody else . maurice grin , rummages through the desk top . he find a peechee , finish homework inside . maurice check out this action . maurice pull at he jaw with both hand , hard , strain -- and he face elongate . Brian stare , shocked . gradually , painfully , he mold the lower half of he face into the muzzle of a dog . growl and yapping , maurice chew up the homework . he find kiersten 's Polaroid flip -book , flip through it , dunk it into a fish tank on she bookshelf . maurice grin , then notice the plywood box in one corner . maurice what the hell be that ? brian her science project . maurice yeah ? maurice swing open the door , draw back the curtain -- light pour out -- he leap away with a shriek , drop the curtain . maurice look down at he hand . it be shadow - like , slowly reverting to normal . Brian have see all of this . brian be you okay ? maurice , royally piss off , stride to the box , fumble around behind it , yank out the plug . he lean into the box . 60 . Brian look away from he , back at kiersten . a beat , and a off - screen maleficent chuckle from maurice , and then maurice be back at Brian 's side . he grab he arm . maurice c'mon , c'mon , let 's go , we have all see a girl before . let 's move it . brian what would you do ? maurice you will find out , you will love it , c'mon , let 's go . he hustle Brian under the bed . maurice pause to look at kiersten himself . he make a ' not bad ' expression , then go . int . science classroom - day Brian breeze through the door ... then slow . at one of the lab table be mr . finn , kiersten , several other student . Brian look closer . on the table be kiersten 's plant - box and the night - bloom cereus - - now plant upside down , the root stick out . kiersten hold the flip-book . kiersten but I have this -- you can see how it use to look -- she try to riffle it , but it be now a solid brick . it flip out of she hand . kid giggle . mr. finn do you at least have you report ? kiersten ( very sad ) ...no. ( beat ) I do it , but my dog chew it up . Mr. Finn frown at she . ronnie oh , right ! some of the student laugh . mr. finn kiersten , you know no report mean a zero . Brian hang he head , turn away slowly ; there be no joy in he expression at all . 61 . ronnie ( o.s. ) ooooooh ... bust ! int . stevenson house - attic room - day Todd be under the worktable . Eric crouch , try to see . eric what be it ? what be you do ? Todd back out from under the worktable hold a dinosaur book and a calculator . todd the monster from under the bed ! it 's drag Brian away at night . look . Eric inspect Todd 's discovery . it be a fourteen inch -long dust - ball smear that could be anything from a fish to -- todd it 's a footprint . it step in all that dust under there and leave a track . ( beat ) I be figure out how big it be . by measure the length of the footprint and the impression depth , then use the ... ( check book ) ...' cube square ' law -- eric how big be it ? todd ( calculate the final number ) it 's a seven-foot -eight , three hundred - and -seventeen pound troll . Eric stare at he . eric ... and it fit under the bed ? Todd look at the display . New calculation may be in order . int . stevenson home - dine room - evening Brian be the last to the table , and late -- the other have start to dig in . as he sit , Holly get a good look at he . 62 . holly , honey , you look ... ( the word escape she ) be you okay ? she reach over , feel he forehead . Brian shy away , start to pile food onto he plate . brian I be fine . holly ( she examine he critically ) you be thin as a rail . you need to eat more . Eric frown at Brian 's overflow plate . holly you look ... peak . glen ' peak . ' what be ' peak ' ? holly my mother use to say it -- and he look it . brian need a plate for my salad . he scoot he chair back from the table , head for the kitchen . glen be that a new shirt ? Brian look down at it . brian no . glen it look big on you . Brian look down at it , shrug , head into int . stevenson home - kitchen - evening Brian open a cupboard , reach for a plate - - and can not reach the shelf . he be puzzle . he reach up , slower - - he finger be a inch short of the plate . he go up on tip - toe and touch they . he lower himself off tip -toe , look worried . 63. int . attic room Brian rummages through he dresser . he pull out a ruler . int . entry way - closet Brian run he finger up the family growth chart , find the mark for he twelfth birthday . he turn , stand with he back against the door . he level the ruler on top of he head . holding it steady , he slip out from beneath it to look . the ruler be a full inch below where it be on he last birthday . Brian stare unbely at the chart . int . attic room - night Brian pace the room , wait . he crouch beside the bed , lean forward and extend a hand toward the shadow -- and the hand go through . he yank it back like its be scald . Brian examine he hand wonderingly . he regards the shadow , then again extend he hand toward it . the hand pass through , and Brian keep put he arm in , up to the elbow . suddenly , he arm be jerk and he face hit the mattress . Brian wrench he arm out , drag maurice , who be grip Brian 's wrist , part - way out through the shadow . maurice pull again , and this time Brian go into the shadow . int . under -the - bed - attic stair -- as Brian and maurice catch themselves halfway down the stair . Brian be a little amaze , but maurice be ebullient . maurice a natural ! a one -hundre percent , no hold - bar , die - in- the-wool , no -assembly - require natural ! I know you have it in you . Brian look at he , realization come slowly to he . brian ... what ? maurice what do you think ? geez , I think I catch on quick -- but you ! you be already move through shadow ! brian no , I be not -- you pull I through . 64 . maurice what 's this false modesty ? you put you hand through all on you own . ( he salute ) Brian ... it be a honor to have you on we side . now - - let 's go . he scamper down to the bottom of the stair . brian hold it ! maurice look back up at Brian , halfway down the stair , the shadow exit visible above he . maurice what ? brian ( accusingly ) you use to be normal ? I be go to end up like you ? maurice well , normal 's a relative term , but ... yeah . where do you think monster come from ? Ugly stork ? no -- they be all kid once , just like you -- and I . the full weight of this hit Brian . brian I be turn into a monster . maurice bitchin ' , huh ? Brian spring toward the top of the stair . maurice hey ! where you go ? Brian stop . he look angrily down at maurice . brian you should have tell I , maurice ! I think you be my friend . maurice ... slip my mind . okay -- listen . you be upset . that 's understandable . I remember when I find out . ( more ) 65 . maurice ( cont would ) I go totally batshit . but -- look where I be today . ( beat ) take some time , bri . think about it . Brian turn away from he word -- look up at the shadow . he swallow , extend he hand . it go through . maurice if you want to talk it over , well ... ( significantly ) -- just drop in anytime . Brian glare down at he , then spin -- and be go . maurice ( call after he ) after all , what be friend for ? maurice fold he arm , slump back against the wall . smile . int . attic room Brian lie in bed fume , he arm cross . he stare angrily up at the ceiling . with a decisive jerk , he roll over , away from the under - the -bed , toward the wall . dissolve to : int . stevenson home - attic room - night Brian have fall asleep . he be shake by the shoulder . he pull he cover around he . the gentle shaking continue . glen c'mon , Brian . wake up . Brian sit up sleepily . Glen lean over he . Eric , in he pajamas , stand in the stairwell , lean on a railing . int . dine room Holly sit at the table . Brian warily take he seat . Glen and Eric be already sit , Eric still yawn . Holly reach across the table and squeeze Eric 's hand . holly we want to talk to you two because ... you father and I have come to a decision , and it affect all of we . 66 . glen we feel you be grow up enough to understand it . Brian be immediately suspicious . Eric look suddenly worried . holly you father and I have decide to separate for a while . Brian 's face be freeze -- but he eye show understanding . eric ( a little foggy ) a business trip ? holly not exactly -- brian no . can not you see ? they be get a divorce . Eric look away from he quickly , to he mother . holly no , we be not get a divorce . we be go to try to work thing out , but we have to be apart for a while . it 's just a trial separation . brian it 's what you do before you get a divorce . glen enough of that , Brian . holly we be not get a divorce . eric ( relieved ) so dad 's not leave . good . glen Eric , listen to I . I be go to live in the city for a while . it might -- I hope -- we hope it will not be for long . eric you do not have to go . 67 . glen yes , Eric . I do . and it would be a big help if I know I could count on the two of you to understand -- eric I will be good ! I promise I will be better -- you will not have to go live in the city . I swear to God , I will be better . Brian too -- he will stop be bad , he promise . right ? promise , Brian ! Brian look away , ignore Eric . eric Brian --promise . holly Eric , it 's not you fault , or Brian 's fault -- or anybody 's fault . sometimes two people -- eric ( to Brian ) this be you fault ! Brian push he chair back , stand , head for the stair . holly Brian - - it 's not you fault -- glen be you all right , Brian ? Brian turn back , no emotion in he eye for he cry brother , he mother , he father . brian sure , dad . do not worry about I . I will be fine . Glen give Brian a hard look , nod . Brian turn away . int . attic room - night Brian put he watch - care paraphernalia into he bookbag , include the watchstand . he crouch by the bed , put one hand into the shadow -- still amaze he can do it . he take a last look around -- and the mask crack . for a moment , he look as if he be go to cry . the look become one of determination ; he slip under the bed , and be go . 68 . int . under -the - bed - hallway Seven monster play what look like a street crap game . cigarette smoke fill the air ; maurice kneel for he turn ; monster chatter for or against he , depend on they bet . maurice fire into the chalk circle , nail the aim - at cat 's eye . the monster groan and cheer ; money change hand . Brian appear in the doorway , spread he arm wide . brian you get I ! maurice leap up and let out a whoop -- int . under -the - bed - hallway maurice and Brian make slow progress as a drunken two person conga line . maurice wear a beerhelmet , suck from the plastic straw that hang near he head . Brian carry a teddybear and a plastic bag fill with water and two live goldfish . in the other hand he carry a beer . brian hey ! let 's go scare ronnie some more ! maurice yeah ! let 's steal all he clothes so he will have to go to school naked ! brian yeah ! let 's nail all he furniture to the ceiling ! so he will wake up upside - down ! maurice yeah ! int . ronnie' room - night the pair appear beneath ronnie 's bed . maurice scramble out -- and a baseball bat slam down dangerously close to he head . maurice wow ! ronnie , crouch on he bed , take another cut at maurice -- -- who squirm , barely avoid the blow , grab Brian -- 69 . int . under -the - bed - ronnie' stair the two tumble down , thudding to the floor in a tangle . maurice we ...we gotta go get he ! brian ( inspire ) no. let 's --not . maurice consider this , then grin . the two sit in the hall , snicker turn to belly laugh . int . ronnie' room - night ronnie crouch on the bed , tense , a baseball bat hold at ready in each hand , prepare to wait all night . he cock he head . from far away , be that the sound of laughter ? int . under -the - bed - hallway Brian and maurice , still chuckle , use each other for support as they struggle to they foot . spike barrel around the corner , red-face - - he stop right in they face . spike ( wind ) night light ... at guberman 's ... burn out ... party ! he rocket off . maurice grab Brian by the shoulder . maurice the nightlight at the guberman 's be burn out ! party ! int . under -the - bed - stair to nursery a queue of monster , fidget , anticipate , go up the stair to the shadow . maurice escort Brian through . maurice come through ! New guy ! Excuse I , pardon I , come through ! ( aside , to Brian ) stick with I kid -- I know the doorman . ( back to business ) get out of the way ! yeah , you ! 70 . int . nursery - night a baby in Dr. denton sleep . six monster stand around the crib -- a macabre variation on adult coo over a newborn . maurice rise up from beneath the crib . Brian appear over maurice 's shoulder , grin -- until he see the baby . maurice gesture magnanimously . maurice after you , Brian . brian uh ... it 's just a baby . maurice look uncomfortably at the other monster , who exchange look . a murmur of ' who 's the wimp ? ' be hear . maurice yeah . so? look , bri--we can not have this new generation grow up not believe in monster . fear be a important character builder . it 's we duty : break them when they be young . brian hey ! let 's go watch kiersten sleep ! maurice ( out of the corner of he mouth ) Brian , you be embarrassing I . ( louder ) g'head , bri-- just give it a good scare . he glower at Brian , then gesture sharply , prompt he . Brian lean forward hesitantly . the monster lean forward , anticipate . Brian wiggle he finger at the baby . brian boo. boo. the monster be disappointed . some 'tsk . ' maurice what be you -- the toothfairy ? like this . maurice make a horrible face , climb halfway into the crib , waking the baby with really gross slurping sound . the baby 's eye go wide ; he cry . the other monster join in . the kid really bawl . Brian do not like it . 71 . brian stop it ! ( yank maurice back ) cut it out ! the monster stare at he , they disgust and anger become palpable . Brian spin , run to the door -- maurice Brian -- -- and yank it open . light spill into the room from the hallway -- the monster transform -- and so do Brian 's arm -- it transform into a sleeve . Brian stare in horror at he arm . he hurl himself at the hall light switch , shut it off , run . ext . residential STREET - near dawn Brian rush out the door of the house , to the sidewalk -- then slow . stop . he have no idea where he be . he look around , spot a street sign . he get he bearing , turn , and walk away , a tiny lone figure on a long empty street . ext . STREET - near stevenson home - dawn the sun break the horizon . Brian , terrify , look at he arm -- but they do not change . he let out a deep breath . he squint at the sun , pull out he sunglass ... look at they . he toss they into the gutter , where one lens shatter . int . stevenson home - eric be room - day Eric , dress , lie across the bed , head hang off , eye close . Todd burst in , rush over to he . todd ( excited ; low ) I figure it out . I know what the monster be do with Brian . Eric give no response ; Todd plow on . todd it 's a body snatcher . see , it 's take over Brian and use he body to prepare the way for the invasion force ! 72 . eric ( beat ) I do not feel like play , Todd . I do not feel good . I will see you tomorrow . todd but -- eric tomorrow , okay ? Eric turn he head away . Todd look at he , crestfallen . he leave slowly , watch Eric the whole way . int . attic room - night Brian sit on he bed , light switch in hand . he check over the side of the bed ; nothing . he pull he knee up , wait . wraith -like , maurice slip into the room . he stand with he fist on he hip , stare at Brian - - who start , look up . brian I be not go . I do not want to live down there . I do not want to be -- ( beat ) I be not go . maurice you do not want to be what ? go ahead , say it . you do not want to be like I . brian I be not go . ( he look away ) you do not want I to be you friend . you just want I to turn into a monster . maurice ( not like the accusation , ' cause it 's pretty accurate ) can not make somebody do something they really do not wanna do . now , c' mon -- maurice grab Brian by the arm ; Brian pull away . he grab the light switch . maurice leap for he arm -- Brian snap on the light , and maurice transform into clothes . Brian catch he breath . he reach into the clothes , ignore the slapping sleeve . Brian 's hand emerge from the pocket of the robe with maurice 's match . the sleeve freeze , drop . 73. Brian tear a match from the packet . he hold it to the strike surface . brian leave I alone . do not come back here . do you understand ? ( no answer ) do you understand ? silence . Brian strike the match . the clothes shrink back . brian do not make I do this . just promise to leave I alone . maurice ( a long pause ) ( muffle ) I promise . brian ...okay . he shut off the light . the match illumine he face ; maurice re-form , and move toward Brian . maurice ( with a sneer ) you trust I ? brian yes . maurice , about to mock he , pull up short . maurice ( shake he head sadly ) it 's not that easy . ducking he head , he dive past Brian into the under - the-b . the match burn down ; Brian drop it ; the room go black . int . eric be room - night a hand cover Eric 's mouth gently . he snap awake , cry out . brian ( remove he hand ) shh --quiet . eric geez -- I think you be the monster . Brian swallow this without comment . he hold the flashlight . 74 . brian here , take this . if you hear anything , turn it on -- and yell -- even if it 's only a pile of clothes . especially if it 's a pile of clothes . okay ? eric no. I be not go to . you be try to scare I again . brian no -- I be not -- eric I promise to be good . I be not go to have any more nightmare . Eric will not take the flashlight . Brian set it on the bed . he pause in the doorway , turn on the light , and then he go . Eric get out of bed , and shut off the light . he climb back under the cover . he pick up the flashlight . he click it on , off , on again . Dead battery . no light . eric thanks a lot , Brian . he drop the flashlight beside the bed , roll over angrily . int . under -the - bed - hallway maurice back away from snik , who loom over he . snik you do bad , maurice . bad for morale . if he rabbit , other will , too . ( beat ) time to take you medicine . maurice I tell the boss how to get he -- snik boss will get he ; yes , always get them . but you should not have lose he . snik step forward , light dance off he eye . int . attic room - night - later hold on : Brian sleep -- and then Holly be shaking he awake . 75 . holly Eric 's go -- Brian , startle awake , snap on the light . Holly pause , take it in , puzzle -- but dismiss it for larger concern . holly you brother 's go . I go to check on he -- do you have any idea where he be ? Brian shake he head slowly . she look down , worried , think . she stand up suddenly , head out of the room . holly Todd 's house . maybe he 's there . ( halt at the stair ) my God -- Glen . you do not think he would try to go there , do you ? Brian shake he head again . Holly hurry down the stair , leave Brian alone in the room . he leap from the bed . int . eric be room - night Brian survey the room . the dresser have be pull away from the wall , two of its drawer almost all the way out . the mattress be askew on the box spring , the sheet strewn on the floor . the overall effect be one of fast pack -- or a fight . Brian pick up the blanket -- it be rip in several place . brian maurice . something catch he eye . he kneel -- angle - beneath the bed , where the crush flashlight lie on the edge of the shadow . brian snik . ext . stevenson home - night Brian drop from the tree near he window , bookpack on one shoulder . he race down the sideyard , disappear . ext . todd be house - rear - night close on : Brian , as he crouch beneath a window . he reach up , tap on the glass , wait . nothing . he tap again , harder . 76 . todd ( o.s. ) ( muffle ) go away , Eric . I be already in trouble . Brian tap again . the window slide open . todd ( o.s ) if my mom catch I sneaking out -- hey ! Brian spring , lift Todd bodily out through the window . ext . train track - night Todd sit on a tie , very suspicious of Brian . todd there really be monster under the bed . brian yes . todd and they have get Eric . brian yes . todd ( look closely at Brian ) have you be do drug ? brian no. Christ , Todd -- you gotta believe I . I mean ... you always believe everything ! Brian be exasperate . reluctantly , he try one last gambit : brian I know why you be in trouble . you mom find a playboy in you underwear drawer . the Christmas issue -- there be a girl on the cover paint like a candy cane . todd how would you know that ? brian ( ashamed ) because I put it there . Brian turn away . Todd stare at he , shocked . 77 . todd you be tell the truth . Brian spin , spread he arm for emphasis : brian yes ! todd at least I do not lie to my mom . I tell she I get the magazine from you . Brian smile , a sad smile . he hold the bookpack out to Todd . brian here . you be go to need this . Todd take the bookpack warily . he look inside . he near - reverently take out a pair of old sneaker . brian they be a old pair of mine . they should fit okay . Todd look up at he . a slow smile spread across he face . todd what 's we plan ? int . kiersten be room - night the blanket be tent , light from inside . a pebble ricochet off the window . kiersten pop out of the blanket , startle , hold a penlight and a paperback copy of salem' lot . another pebble hit . cautiously , she move to the window . ext . kiersten' house - night as kiersten 's head dart into view through the window , dart back . a beat . she look back out . she raise the window . Brian stand there , look up at she . brian hi , kiersten . kiersten what be you do here ? brian uh ... I need some help . kiersten now ? 78 . Todd appear out of the shadow , drop a large , heavy rucksack onto the ground . todd it 's crucial . the monster from under the bed have capture Eric . we have to save he ! Brian flinch at the sound of the window slamm shut . he look over , angry and exasperate , at Todd . int . kiersten be room - night kiersten go back to she bed . a pebble hit the glass . she ignore it . another hit . a beat . pebbles hit the glass in a staccato series . kiersten jump to the window , raise it . kiersten go away ! ext . kiersten' house - night Brian toss away the pebble in he hand , drop the huge collection of pebble he have pouch in he shirt . Todd sit far off to one side , on the rucksack , deject . brian Todd tell you the truth . kiersten you expect I to believe that ? todd I believe it . kiersten that I believe . she move to close the window . brian wait ! what if I prove it 's true ? kiersten monster under the bed ? fat chance . brian if I prove it -- then will you help ? kiersten waver , consider . that be all Brian need . 79 . brian I will prove it . ( to Todd ) we will have to split up . you know what to do ? todd no problem . Brian nod , spin , race from the yard . Todd lift the rucksack , slinging it over one shoulder -- the rucksack overbalance he , pull he over . kiersten shake she head , slide the window shut . ext . residential STREET - night Todd , the rucksack heavy on he back , peer out from behind a park car . he break cover , sprint across the street to a tree , spin to put he back to the trunk -- the momentum of the sack slam it into the tree ; jarre , he sink to the ground . int . kiersten be room - night kiersten , move sneakily , come in from the hall , penlight on , eat a apple . brian ( o.s. ) ( a cautious whisper ) kiersten ! kiersten freeze , apple in she mouth . her eye go wide , she jaw go slack -- Brian 's head be now sit beneath she bed . the penlight , then the apple , thump to the ground . Brian scramble out , bookpack over he shoulder . brian well ? do you believe I ? kiersten stare ... feel around for she desk chair ... sit down slowly , still stare . kiersten Holy shit . ext . school - fence - night Todd drag the heavy canvas bag , all attempt at subterfuge abandon . he reach the high fence and groan . he lift the bag ... jerk it up onto he shoulder ... it tilt away from the fence . Todd leap out from under it as it fall . 80 . int . kiersten be room - night kiersten sip shakily from a glass of water , eye still wide . Brian sit on she bed , check he equipment from he bookbag : six different flashlight , include a 4 - cell . brian you okay now ? a pause , then kiersten give a single quick bird - like nod . brian good . okay -- what I need be that light you be use for you science project . kiersten the fifty - six hundred k ? brian huh ? kiersten fifty -six hundred k . it 's the same color temperature as sunlight -- brian yes. perfect . ( he check he pocketwatch ) so can I have the key ? sunrise be at six . I gotta get go . kiersten pick up she bookpack , dump the content out . kiersten I be go with you . ( Brian be shocked ) give I some of that flashlight . brian no! forget it . kiersten ( hold up the penlight ) you be not go to make I go down there with just this ? brian but -- it 's dangerous down there ! there be monster down there . kiersten ... and you be go to take they all on by yourself ? get real , Brian . 81 . brian ( suspicious ) you will really help I ? kiersten I believe you . a beat . solemnly , Brian trade the 4 - cell for the penlight . kiersten now , turn around so I can get dress . Brian blink , then turn . close on he face as he listen , nervous and curious , to the rustling o.s . ext . school - fence - night the rucksack be hang up at the top of the fence . Todd , on the other side , he foot brace on the chainlink , hang on the strap , strain to pull the rucksack over . it go suddenly , and Todd and the rucksack hit the ground -- again . int . kiersten be room - night Brian check he pocketwatch . the man-in- the - Moon glare out . brian Todd should be ready . let 's go . he hand kiersten she bookpack , shoulder into he own with a audible grunt of effort . he climb into the shadow . kiersten this be where I start get ... ( she shudder ) brian look -- you do not have to go . it 's okay . just give I the key . kiersten examine this escape clause . kiersten no ... I promise . ( beat ) besides -- I gotta make sure you do not steal answer . her shaky smile let Brian in on the joke . he smile back reassuringly , reach a hand out to she . she crawl into the under - the-b , halt when both arm go through the shadow . kiersten omigod ... 82. brian it 's okay ... be careful here ... they disappear into the under - the-b . int . under -the - bed - kiersten' stairway -- more alien and sinister than ever . but free of monster . kiersten step cautiously down the stair , follow by Brian . kiersten ( in awe ) like down the rabbit hole ... they reach level ground . kiersten examine she surroundings . kiersten this stair all go to different room ? so we grab Eric and get out . brian that 's the plan . but he expression say it may be more difficult than that . ext . school - night Todd move past the classroom window in a stoop , rucksack on he back . he straighten , dump the rucksack to the ground . int . under -the - bed - hallway Mary Jane go by , drag a mud-filled barbie dream House . a beat ; Brian emerge from a hide place . he check ; the coast be clear . he signal ; kiersten emerge wide -ey . ext . school - night Todd wrestle with two hinge wooden pole from the rucksack . they should fit together , but he can not quite get it . int . under -the - bed - hallway Brian , kiersten follow , stop along a series of doorway . brian okay . it should be somewhere right around here . 83. ext . school - night Todd push a wooden rod into a tight canvas sleeve . suddenly it go , and the rod shoot all the way through the sleeve . int . under -the - bed - hallway Brian and kiersten wait , alert , jumpy . all be quiet . brian c'mon , Todd . behind Brian , one part of the hallway start to change . Brian turn as the wall twist in on itself ... creak and groan , it flatten into a stairway rise up . with a SNAP a door spring into place in front of the stairwell . brian yeah ! it work ! Brian pull open the door , escort kiersten through . ext . school - night - close on Brian and kiersten as they crawl out from the shadow under -- -- a old army cot , Todd lie on top of it . it look extremely out of place in the empty schoolyard . brian good job , Todd . todd it actually work ? kiersten I think I be definitely go to go crazy . brian ( lead she to the door ) not yet . todd hey ! what 's she do here ? she get to go ? you would not let I ! ( he catch up to kiersten ) what 's it like down there ? be it neat ? kiersten oh , yeah . neat . 84 . int . science classroom - supply room - night as flashlight beam hit a cabinet . kiersten unlock it , open it . she find the 5600 k bulb , give it to Brian . Brian open he bookpack , pull out a mechanic 's clamp light with cigarette- lighter attachment and a motorcycle battery . as Todd and kiersten look on , Brian assemble he Sun - gun : with wire cutter , he strip the plug off the floodlight . he attaches the wire to the battery , tighten the wing -nut . he screw the 5600 - k bulb in . he flip it on . brilliant white light flood the room . Brian stagger -- flip the light off quickly . a cold sweat stand on he forehead -- he look ill , but shake it off . todd ( blink , eye be - adjust ) oh , man - - that will get them . that 's like a howitzer or something . kiersten you must know a lot about electricity to do that ... ( Brian grin ) ...how come you get ' F 's in science ? ( Brian 's grin fade ) todd hey , guy , what about this ? from deep in the now - empty rucksack , Todd extract a batter plastic miner 's helmet with revolve bubble light on top , put it on proudly . kiersten smile at he ; Brian do not . brian what be you gonna do with that ? Todd stop grin . he 's not fuck around here . todd I be go . Eric 's my best friend . Brian try to stare he down , but the kid 's not give in . Brian start to say something -- guard ( o.s. ) what be you kid do here ? he stand in the hallway doorway . Brian move first , grab the other two . they race out the exterior door , slam it shut . 85 . ext . school - night the trio beeline for the cot . Brian scramble under , then kiersten . Todd hesitates -- Brian grab he arm -- brian you wanna go -- then c'mon ! -- and yank he down . the classroom door bang open , and the guard hurry out , flashlight on . he sweep the yard , spot the cot . he approach it warily . he grab a corner and yank it off the ground . the kid -- and the cot 's shadow - - be go . int . under -the - bed - hallway the three drop from the shadow as it violently disappear . only Brian land smoothly . Brian help kiersten up . Todd be awed , body slack . he smile , spin excitedly to the other . todd ( too loud ) it 's a parallel dimension ! Brian shush he . kiersten hiss ' quiet ! ' Todd gulp abashedly , then look around some more . todd ( a know whisper ) it 's a parallel dimension . Brian gesture ' quiet , ' then ' follow I . ' int . under -the - bed - hallway they walk three abreast ; with each step , they become more scared . Todd start to whistle ; random scratchy note , slowly become recognizable : the theme from ' Bridge over the River kwai . ' Brian join in , then kiersten . Brian sing softly : brian comet -- it make you tooth turn green ... ( Todd join in ) comet -- it 's worse than listerine ... new angle - maurice , sit on a stairway , back against the railing . his eye be puffy , he robe tear - - he 's be beat up . junk food package surround he : a chip ahoy bag rest on he bloat stomach . maurice cock a ear , hearing the group , then turn to watch they through the baluster . 86 . brian / todd / kiersten comet -- it make you vomit -- so get some comet -- and vomit -- today ! the group laugh as they disappear around a corner . maurice smile , too -- then he face fall . a beat . he rise suddenly , toss away the cookie bag , and start up the stair . int . under -the - bed - hallway the trio move quickly . a monster cross they path -- kiersten and Todd be scared ; Brian snap on he flashlight -- the monster transform into clothes . Todd and kiersten stare . kiersten it 's like chameleon -- protective camouflage . brian yeah -- hand I another flashlight , huh ? Brian pin the transformed monster in the beam of the second flashlight , set it on the floor . the monster be pin . Todd stare at the clothes . he reach up to turn on he helmet . it do not go on . a tad panicked , he slap the side of the helmet . the bubble light and the miner 's lamp go on -- -- and Brian be catch in the beam . something catch kiersten 's eye -- she lean closer to Brian , stare at he arm . the skin look like cloth . she shine she own flashlight on it -- the transformation quicken . Brian yank he arm out of the light . kiersten fix he with a stare . kiersten you be one of they . brian no ... I be suppose to be ... but I be not . he step toward she . she gesture threateningly with she flashlight . Todd be still stare , freeze in place . brian kiersten ... please -- we gotta save Eric . she look into he eye . she decide . she turn off the light . Todd still stare . she nudge Todd ; he start , then turn off the helmet . the three stand there for a moment -- kiersten well ? let 's go save Eric . 87 . int . under -the - bed - hallway Brian peek around a corner , then step out . kiersten and Todd follow -- then stop , stare . Todd 's jaw drop . angle - the MAIN stairway , more impose and sinister than ever . todd ( a squeak ) up there ? brian that 's where the boss be -- that 's where Eric be . we will take side stair and stuff as far as we can . he point toward a hallway , start for it -- -- and billy round a corner , push a wheelbarrow full of button . he stop when he see they ; they stare back . billy spin , let go of the wheelbarrow -- button scatter -- he run -- billy ( he yell echoing ) Red alert ! everybody , lookout , Red alert -- -- and suddenly a beam of light cut across the hall . the billy - clothes continue they momentum , sailing through the air , landing , roll into a ball in the corner . kiersten hold the monster in the beam of she flashlight . Brian pin it with another . brian good shoot . todd bogy at two o'clock ! spike and Mary Jane race toward they , shouting -- brian let 's go ! he lead they at full tilt in the nearest safe direction -- up the main staircase . int . under -the - bed - lower landing we heroes race through a archway , and come to a dead halt -- they be at the main stairwell , higher up , near a dilapidate section of the stair , on a balcony -- which be a dead - end , the main stairway hang in space , tantalizingly close . 88. the threesome exchange glance -- then turn : this be where they will make they stand . they snap out flashlight . from down the hall come the sound of they pursuer . brian kiersten ...um... about you science project -- kiersten I figure it out . it 's okay . Brian , surprised , give she a sideways look , smile -- todd there 's one ! he snap on he light -- Brian grab he wrist , knock the flashlight down . it be maurice . maurice ( gesture to a alcove ) Quick , in here ! Brian appraise he , surprised , suspicious . maurice c'mon ! no time ! todd you be gonna trust he ? he 's a monster ! Brian gaze at maurice ; maurice , too , wait for the answer . brian he 's my friend . maurice 's face relax -- the boy he once be can almost be see . out of the dark come the sound of approach monster . maurice so hide already ! the three duck into a alcove . maurice hey ! down here ! here they be ! kiersten frown , look at Brian . Brian keep watch . the monster run up to maurice - - who start run from they . maurice c'mon ! this way ! let 's get them ! monster race after he , shouting they bloodlust . 89 . Brian smile , relieved -- and happy that he be right . int . under -the - bed - hallway maurice shout encourage lynch - mob sentiment as he lead the monster . int . under -the - bed - lower landing as Brian leap from the landing to the stair . Todd toss he he pack . kiersten step onto the banister to follow . int . under -the - bed - hallway maurice skid to a halt , point frantically at a stairway . maurice up there ! there they go ! the monster rush up the stair , leave maurice in the hall . maurice ( call up the stair ) give them one for I ! int . ronnie' bedroom - night as spike scramble out from under the bed , look up -- -- into ronnie coleman 's grin , he bat already come down -- -- and spike be nail . Mary Jane stumble over he as she rush in , and crack ! she 's down , too . the rest of the posse surge out -- easy target for ronnie 's deadly - accurate swing . int . under -the - bed - ronnie' stair the monster come flooding back down the stair , yelping , run scattershot from the avenge wraith of Baseball . int . under -the - bed - MAIN staircase near the top . Brian peek out quickly over the top step . in front of the tall door be two sentinel monster . Todd and kiersten lean close . Brian rub he jaw . Todd 's helmet bump against kiersten 's head . she give it a look -- then look at it again . smile . 90 . int . under -the - bed - uppermost landing . the sentinel monster , bored at they post . unseen by they , a hand set Todd 's helmet on the floor . give it a push . it slide across the landing , to in front of the monster . the monster look at it . Exchange a puzzle glance . one take a tentative step closer to the helmet -- -- one of Todd 's sneaker 's , throw hard , hit the side of the helmet . the revolve light go on ; the monster be catch , change back and forth between monster and clothes . the trio spring onto the landing . Todd and kiersten go about pin the monster ; Brian step past they , eye fix on the door . immensely tall and impossibly narrow , polished black wood , cover with intricate rune . nightmare door . Brian ready the sun-gun . kiersten and Todd look on as Brian force himself to touch the knob . he turn it . he push . int . under -the - bed - master bedroom the door part . Brian peer through . he step in , Todd and kiersten close behind ; they gape at the room -- toy of all era fill the room , on tall stand shelf . train track and race - car track criss - cross the floor . all be cover with dust and cobweb -- a attic fill with forget , wear - out treasure , now rotting , and hide rat . hanging from the ceiling be model airplane of all size and type . at the far end of the room be a fireplace , a chair to one side . a silhouett figure rise from the chair . brian ( over he shoulder ) watch the stair . Brian step forward , peer through shadow - mottle room at the shape . he bring the light up , thumb on the on switch . backlit by the flame , the figure seem bent over with age , a twisted shape . then it step into the light -- it be a young boy , Brian 's age , possibly young . a boy who have stop grow ... but have not stop aging . in one hand he hold a marionette , its string hopelessly tangle . he wear a victorian nightshirt and velvet dress gown . when he speak , it be the voice of a boy -- but with the rhythm and control of a adult . he gaze directly at Brian . boy Brian . such a pleasure to meet you . 91 . brian I want my brother . boy and you bring friend . how nice ! Brian brandish the sun-gun , no fool around . brian I want Eric . a heavy arm shove Brian to the ground -- Brian hit hard , bounce up , snap on the sun-gun -- -- snik 's foot slam down on the cord ; it be tear away from the battery in a shower of spark . snik reach menacingly for Brian , but a sharp gesture and a dark look from the boy cow he . kiersten have be search she pack ; she be out of flashlight . she look resignedly at Brian . boy now , Brian - - what sort of greeting be that ? after all , we be so much alike . brian no , we be not . boy yes , we be , Brian . you be like all of we down here . you be already one of we -- under the skin . he nonchalantly try to untangle the marionette 's string . boy when maurice tell I how you scared Eric - - ' monster be like moth . ' sheer genius . you belong here . you know you do . brian I do not ! the boy 's effort at the string get more frantic , less effective . boy stay here with we , Brian . you have friend here . brian maurice only pretend to be my friend -- to lure I down here -- ( beat ; grim ) where 's my brother ? 92 . suddenly , the boy smashes the marionette onto a table top . splinter piece scatter . the boy look at the crush puppet briefly , then drop it . boy snik . show he Eric . grinning , snik creak open a toychest . he pull Eric up by the hair . he be a poor Jack -in- the - box , one eye blacken , mouth bloody . todd Eric ! Eric 's eye track , finally focus in on Todd . Todd start toward he -- but snik pull Eric out of the chest , a huge forearm across Eric 's throat . kiersten grab Todd 's arm . snik c'mon . this puny neck -- break easy . boy ( to Brian ) if you stay , you will be the one in charge of yourself . you will be the one with power . not you parent . not you teacher . you. ( beat ) be not that what you want ? sound from outside the door ; kiersten look that way . kiersten Brian ! more monster -- todd ( look out ) -- lot more monster . Brian look at Todd , kiersten . they watch he , wait for he decision . Brian focus on the boy . brian I want Eric . dramatically , Brian pull a flashlight out of he pocket , brandish it -- look down at it . it be the penlight . snik look at the puny light , chuckle . Brian grit he tooth , aim it at the boy , flip it on -- -- the boy flinch away , block he face with he arm . Brian whirl , close on snik , aim the light at snik 's head . snik 's head -- just he head -- transform into a army boot and a pair of sweat sock . his arm be still at Eric 's throat . 93. Brian lower the light -- snik bellow as he head re-form and he arm become a pant leg ; Eric struggle out of snik 's grip ; Todd and kiersten grab Eric and they scramble away . snik grab Brian with he untransformed arm ; Brian aim the light below snik 's waist , turn the monster 's leg into a shirt and jacket . snik bellow again as he still - form torso collapse on top of the clothes . Brian head for he friend by the door . snik recover , struggle to he foot , ready to give chase . the boy lay a restrain hand on he arm . boy do not worry , snik . they have lose . ext . under -the - bed - uppermost landing Brian , kiersten , Todd and Eric look down . monster crowd up the stairway . kiersten we be cut off ! brian we can make it ! Brian lead the other straight toward the oncoming monster -- just before they meet , he turn down a side landing . it dead - end short of the uppermost level of the stairwell . Brian leap across ; he friend follow . monster scatter , take alternate route to get at they . Brian open a door at random , climb a stairway to beneath a bed - shadow . he be all set to move smoothly through the shadow -- but slam full - tilt into it , he head hit hard . Brian hold he skull , stare unbelievingly at the shadow . todd what 's wrong ? brian I do not know . Brian try to push he hand through ; it stop at the shadow . kiersten ( a idea hit she ) ohmigod -- what time be it ? Brian pull out he pocketwatch . the watch read 5:23 ; the benign sun - face peek out through the wedge , the malevolent man - in - the moon almost go . 94 . brian we have still get almost half a hour ... kiersten ( gesture to the watch ) be you sure it 's right ? Brian look from the shadowway to the watch . his face fall . brian I do not fix it . it 's still break . todd you mean we be trap ? a laugh sound from below . the four look down at the boss , who grin triumphantly . boy Brian . I be so glad you decide to stay . Brian turn back to the shadow , push -- then slam he fist at the shadow , in frustration , in anger . boy ( o.s. ) truthfully , I be surprised you even come down . imagine , a selfish little bugger who care for no one try to do a good deed -- ( he taunt lash at Brian ) of course , it do only serve to deliver you friend unto I . so I guess that ultimately all this misfortune be you fault . but , then , you already know that , do not you ? Brian can take no more . with a roar , he rush down the stair , past the other , at the boy -- who step back . Brian sprawl . int . under -the - bed - hallway snik come at Brian . Brian lash out with he foot , nail snik in the shin . snik howl . Brian kick viciously at snik 's other leg . snik howl again , and Brian scramble to he foot . he bring he leg up with all he might , as hard as he can -- -- and snik catch it inch from he crotch . he wag one finger of he free hand at Brian . Brian ' eye widen in dread . snik tumble he backwards to the floor . Brian try to struggle up -- a huge fist smashes into the side of he head , stun he . 95 . int . under -the - bed - stairwell where the other watch the fight -- kiersten wince as another haymaker pound Brian - - who stop move . snik stand over he , bellow triumphantly . the boy look up at they . boy allie - allie-otsen -free. ( beat ; harsh ) we be wait . kiersten , Todd and Eric exchange glance , all hope go . kiersten drop she head -- then start down . Todd follow . int . under -the - bed - hallway monster grab kiersten , Todd and Eric . spike strip off Brian 's pack -- the movement cause Brian to revive . he groan , sit up . boy you see , Brian ? you can not challenge my power down here . if I say you stay , then you stay . if I say the shadow be close , then the shadow be close . maurice ( o.s. ) aa , put a sock in it . he step out of the shadow . look at Brian . ' tsk 's once at he condition . maurice there 's still time to get out . boy the shadow be close . maurice to Brian it 's close . he come down here to rescue he brother . not you typical monster behavior , be it ? kiersten 's eye widen . she struggle out of the grasp of the monster hold she , grab up the penlight off the floor . she shine it -- on Brian 's arm . Brian do not change . a monster wrestle the light from kiersten . Brian snap he gaze to the boss . brian you trick I . 96 . boy all part of the game , Brian . oh , do not look so surprised . only monster can move in shadow . you give up any claim to that privilege when you choose to rescue you brother . this surprise some of the monster . spike you tell I once you start to change , there 's no go back . boy do you really want to go back ? spike look down ; maybe he do at one time , but not any more . boy ( to maurice ) as for you -- I have put up with you behavior long enough . maurice I be just a natural - bear rebel . shoot I . the boy stare at he . boy snik. ( indicate Brian ) break he neck . maurice ( step toward snik ) no ! snik drop Brian unceremoniously , and gesture to maurice . snik more medicine , eh? cure you - - of life . maurice hesitates . boy you move , maurice . maurice look at the tower snik -- then spin , and run . Brian , from the floor , stare after maurice , drop he head . int . under -the - bed - hallway maurice , a bat out of hell , zoom toward a particular door -- 97 . int . under -the - bed - alaine' stairway -- though the door , up a flight of stair -- int . alaine' bedroom - morning as maurice zoom from under the bed , waking alaine , who scream ; he race across the room and jump out the window , crash through the screen to -- ext . roof -- where he leap across to the next house - - he dash along the eave , silhouett against the pre-dawn sky ; he dive in through a window -- int . defensive nine - year-old's bedroom - morning the kid come awake as maurice crash in , hit the floor in a shower of glass , roll , shoot down under the bed -- int . under -the - bed - stairway -- maurice drop out of a shadowway , dive down the stair -- int . under -the - bed - hallway -- maurice burst out of the doorway directly behind snik , catch he by surprise . he slam he face forward into the floor -- maurice roll clear -- Brian commando- roll to he backpack , grab it from spike , and dive for the sun-gun on the floor -- -- with he tooth , he strip one of the wire -- -- maurice help kiersten , Eric and Todd free themselves -- -- Brian twist down the wing nut on the battery -- boy stop they ! maurice do not listen to he ! what 's he ever do for you ? monster , start forward , pause to think . -- Brian bring the lamp up -- -- the boy 's eye widen -- 98 . -- maurice 's eye widen -- -- Brian thumb the switch -- brilliant white light cut across the room , slam into the boss , slam he up into the lattice - - he flatten into a silhouette -- the light slice through he -- the lattice give way -- the boss be blast up and away , into oblivion . the bulb explode -- p.o.v. brian -- -- as he eye re-adjust to the darkness , revealing : the hallway : some of the monster have be turn into Hiroshima shadow on the wall . some be partial shadow . snik be a mess : part monster , part clothes , part waver between solid and shadow . Brian drop the lamp . he look around wildly . brian maurice ? maurice ! a doorway open ; maurice peer out warily . he survey the room . maurice ( shaky ) now , that 's what I call rock and roll . Brian sigh . maurice step out . maurice should not you folk be toddle along ? int . under -the - bed - attic stair Eric and Todd be on the stair . todd well , we be right , huh ? Eric smile , slap he five , as maurice , follow by Brian , hurry past they to the top of the stair . kiersten ( as maurice go by ) you might not be able to get through now -- now that you help we -- brian yeah -- monster do not help friend -- 99 . maurice slide he hand through , with no problem . he look at it , half - through , and then look down sadly at Brian . maurice face it , bri-- some of we get it , some of we do not . he grab kiersten 's shoulder , hustle she out -- then Eric , and Todd . maurice look at Brian , who do not move . maurice get out of here , you toothfairy . Brian give he a long look , climb through the hole . int . stevenson home - attic room - morning Brian slide out from under the bed . he glance at the window -- the sun be up , but it have not clear the horizon yet . he turn and look at maurice , still in the shadow . maurice well , I promise you excitement . brian that other monster be go to kill you . maurice thank you , Mr. Sunshine . Brian spot the penlight , in kiersten 's hand . he take it . he cock a eyebrow at maurice . maurice arch both eyebrow , a smile spread on he face . Brian hand the penlight to he . brian it 's not very big ... maurice ( sagely ) in the land of the blind , the one - eye man be king . he lose he wise composure , and grin . brian catch ya later , maurice . maurice not if I catch you first . he slip back into the shadow , and be go . Brian pull out he watch : the sweep second hand tick to the twelve -- Brian look up , and the sun clear the horizon . Brian put he hand to the shadow , try to reach through it , try to reach maurice . it be only a shadow . 100 . Brian turn away from the bed , away from the other . Todd knock on the shadow floor . kiersten step over to Brian . Brian look up at she . brian thanks for the help . kiersten all you have to do be ask . Eric put he hand on Brian 's shoulder . Holly and Glen come up the stair , spot Eric , hurry into the room , relieved and happy . Glen and Holly hug Eric , Brian a little to the side . Eric look over at he ; they smile at each other . Glen reach out , pull Brian into the hug . CUT to black the end <-------------------- screenplay stop here ---------------------->